meet JOHN doe written by Robert riskin base on a story by Richard connell and Robert presnell ext. bulletin Office - sidewalk . Close - up : of a time - wear plaque against the side of a building . it read : the bulletin " a free press for a free people . " while we read this , a pair of hand come in hold pneumatic chisel which immediately attack the sign . as the lettering be be obliterate , dissolve to : Close - up : a new plaque on which the lettering have be change to : the new bulletin " a streamline newspaper for a streamline era . " cut to : int. bulletin outer office . full shot : of a mid-western newspaper office . med. shot : at a door at which a sign-painter work . he be painting henry connell 's name on the door . it open and a flip office boy emerge . the painter have to wait until the door close in order to resume he work . full shot : of the outer office . the activity of the office seem to suddenly cease , as all eye be center on the office boy . med. shotupan : with the office boy—who have a small sheet of paper in he hand . he walk jauntily to a desk , refer to he paper , point he finger to a woman , emit a short whistle through he tooth , run a finger across he throat and jerk he thumb toward manage editor 's office . the woman stare starkly at he while she immediate neighbor look on with sympathy . the office boy now go through the same procedure with several other people . all watch he , terror write in they eye . med. shot : toward connell 's office door where painter work . it open and three people emerge . two man and a girl . the girl be young and pretty . all three look dourful . the painter again have to wait for the door to shut before resume he work . the two man exit . the girl suddenly stop . Close shot : of the girl . her name be ann mitchell . she stand , think , and then suddenly , impulsively , wheel around . camera pan with she as she return to connell 's office door , fling it open and disappear . the painter remain poise with he brush , wait for the door to swing back . there be a slight flash of resentment in he eye . int. connell 's office . full shot : connell be behind he desk on which be a tray of sandwich and a glass of milk , half go . near he sit pop dwyer , another veteran newspaperman . ann cross to connell 's desk . connell ( on phone ) yeh , D. B. oh , just clean out the dead -wood . okay . ? 580 ? ann ( supplicatingly ) look , Mr. connell . . . I just can not afford to be without work right now , not even for a day . I have get a mother and two kid sister to . . . Secretary enter . ( her name be mattie . ) secretary more good luck telegram . ann well , you know how it be , I , I have just get to keep work . see ? connell sorry , sister . I be send down here to clean house . I tell yuh I can not use you column any more . it 's lavender and old lace ! [ 1 ] ( flick dictograph button ) mattie ( over dictograph ) yeah ? connell send that other people in . mattie ( over dictograph ) okay . ann I will tell you what I will do . I get thirty dollar a week . I will take twenty - five , twenty if necessary . I will do anything you say . connell it be not the money . we be after circulation . what we need be firework . people who can hit with sledge hammers—start argument . ann oh , I can do that . I know this town inside out . oh , give I a chance , please . she can get no further , for several people enter . they be cow and frighten . ann hesitates a moment , then , there be nothing for she to do , she start to exit . she be stop by connell 's voice . connell all right , come in , come in ! come in ! ( to Ann ) cashier 's get you check . ( back to other ) who be this people ? Gibbs , frowley , cunningham , jiles— ( to Ann at door ) hey , you , sister ! Ann turn . ? 581 ? connell do not forget to get out you last column before you pick up you check ! ann 's eye flash angrily as she exit . int. Outer Office . med. shot : ann storm out . the painter again have to wait for the door to swing back to he . int. ann 's office . full shot : ann enter she office and pace around , furious . a man in alpaca sleeve - band enter . his name be joe . joe you be a couple o' stick [ 2 ] shy in you column , Ann . ann ( ignore he , mutter . . .) a big , rich slob like D. B. norton busy a paper—and forty head be chop off ! joe do you get it , too ? ann yeah . you , too ? oh , Joe . . . oh , I be sorry darling . . . why do not we tear the building down ! joe before you do , Ann , perhaps you would better finish this column . ann yeah . lavender and old lace ! suddenly she stop pace . her eye widen as a fiendish idea strike she . ann wait , joe—wait ! she flop down in front of she typewriter . ann ( mutter ) want firework , huh ? okay ! she begin to pound furiously , she jaw set . Close - up : of ann . eye flash as she type . Close - up : of joe , watch she . the wild look in she eye and the unnatural speed of she type cause he to stare dumbly at she . med. shot : ann bang away madly . finally she finish . she whip the sheet out of the typewriter , hand it to joe . ann here . as joe take it , ann begin to empty the drawer of she desk . Close - up : of joe read what ann have write . ? 582 ? joe ( read ) " below be a letter which reach my desk this morning . it 's a commentary on what we laughingly call the civilized world . ' dear miss Mitchell : four year ago I be fire out of my job . since then I have not be able to get another one . at first I be sore at the state administration because it 's on account of the slimy politics here we have all this unemployment . but in look around , it seem the whole world 's go to pot , so in protest I be go to commit suicide by jump off the City Hall roof ! ' sign , a disgust american citizen , John doe . ' " joe pause to absorb this . joe ( continue read ) " editor 's note . . . if you ask this column , the wrong people be jump off roof . " joe glance up toward ann , in mild protest . joe hey , Ann , this be the old fakeroo , be not it ? full shot : ann have just about accumulate all she thing . joe stare at she , know it 's a fake . ann never mind that , Joe . go ahead . joe shrug , shake he head , and exit . ann stuff she thing under she arm and also go . int. Outer office : med. shot : voice ad lib '' " awfully sorry you be not go . " " good-bye . " ( laugh ) ann come out . suddenly , she stop , get another idea , pick up a book from a desk , and reach back to heave it . med. shot : at connell 's office door . the sign - painter have just finish connell 's name , and as he lean back , pleased , wiping he brushes , the book fly in . the painter lift he head slowly , he wrath too great to find utterance . dissolve to : int. governor jackson 's office : Close - up : of two of governor's associate . man ( read newspaper ) " . . . and it 's because of the slimy politics that we have all this unemployment here . " ( agitate ) there it be ! that 's D. B. norton 's open attack on the Governor ! 2 nd man why Jim , it 's just a letter send in to a column . jim no , no . I can smell it . that 's norton ! while he speak , the governor have enter . ? 583 ? governor good morning , gentleman . you be rather early . men ' Morning . ' Morning , Governor . governor you be here rather early . jim ( push paper over to he ) do you happen to see this in the New bulletin , Governor ? he emphasize the word " new " cynically . governor yes . I have it serve with my breakfast this morning . 2 nd man Jim think it 's D. B. norton at work . jim of course it be ! governor oh , come , Jim . that little item ? D. B. norton do thing in a much bigger way . . . jim this be he open attack on you , Governor ! take my word for it ! what do he buy a paper for ? why do he hire a high - pressure editor like connell for ? he 's in the oil business ! I tell you , Governor , he 's after you scalp ! governor all right , Jim . do not burst a blood vessel , I will attend to it . ( flip button on dictograph ) get I Spencer of the Daily Chronicle , please . dissolve to : int. spencer 's office : med. shot : spencer be on the telephone . spencer yes . yes . I see it , Governor . . . and if you ask I that 's a phoney letter . why , that gag have get whisker on it . huh ? okay , I will get the Mayor and maybe the chamber of commerce to go after they . ( into dictagraph ) get Mayor lovett on the phone ! int. mayor 's office : med. shot : of mayor 's secretary . secretary ( pick up phone ) hello ? sorry , the Mayor 's busy on the other phone . ? 584 ? camera pan over to the mayor who be fatuous and excitable . mayor ( into telephone ) yes , I know , Mrs. brewster . it 's a terrible reflection on we city . I have have a dozen call already . secretary enter scene . secretary Spencer of the Chronicle . mayor hold he . ( into phone ) yes , Mrs. brewster , I be listen . the secretary lay down the receiver . dissolve to : int. corner of a bedroom : Close shot : of mrs . brewster—stout and loud . she be propped up in bed—a breakfast tray on she lap—the newspaper by she side . mrs . brewster I insist that this John doe man be find and give a job at once . if something be not do . I will call out the whole auxiliary [ 3 ] 'ye , and the junior auxiliary , too . we will hold a meeting and see '' cut to : int. mayor 's office : med. shot : of mayor . he lay the receiver down and we continue to hear mrs . brewster 's voice . mayor pick up spencer 's phone . mayor yes , Spencer . who ? the Governor ? well , what about I ? it 's my building he 's jump off of ! and I be up for re-election , too ! secretary shh ! mayor ( to Secretary ) what be you do ? get connell at the bulletin ! ( to Spencer ) why , he 's liable to go right past my window , ( suddenly—to sec'y—excitably ) what be that ?! secretary what ? mayor out the window ! something just fly by ! secretary I do not see anything . ? 585 ? mayor ( semi-hysterical ) well , do not stand there , you idiot . go and look . open the window . oh , why do he have to pick on my building ? the secretary , telephone in hand , peer out window . mayor be there a crowd in the street ? secretary no , sir . mayor then he may be catch on a ledge ! look again ! secretary I think it must have be a sea-gull . mayor a sea-gull ? what 's a sea-gull do around the city hall ? that 's a bad omen , be not it ? ( pick up Mrs. brewster 's phone ) secretary oh , n- no , sir . the sea-gull be a lovely bird . mayor ( into telephone ) I - it 's all right , Mrs. brewster . it be just a sea-gull . ( catch himself ) er. nothing 's happen yet ! no , I be watch . do not worry . ju- just leave it all to I ! the secretary hold out another phone . the mayor drop mrs . brewster 's phone again , and she voice be still hear . mayor ( into Spencer 's phone ) Spencer , I will call you back . Secretary have get connell on the phone_hand phone to mayor . mayor hello ! connell ! this be '' ( to Secretary ) what be you do ? ( back to phone ) this be the Mayor . int. connell 's office : full shot : connell be on the phone . pop dwyer be drape in a chair nearby . connell yes , Mayor lovett ! how many time be you gonna call I ? I have get everybody and he brother and sister out look for he . do you see the box I be run ? ? 586 ? he pick up the front page of the bulletin ; we see a four column box on the front page . connell ( read ) " a appeal to John doe . ' think it over , John . life can be beautiful , ' say Mayor . ' if you need a job , apply to the editor of this paper . . .' " " and so forth and so forth . . . okay , Mayor . I will let you know as soon as I have something ! what ? . . . well , pull down the blind ! ( he hang up ) the door open and a man enter . his name be beany . walk fast , talk fast and accomplish nothing . outside , we see the painter try once more to get he sign paint . he reach in—and pull the door to . beany I go up to miss Mitchell 's house , boss . Boy , she 's in a bad way . connell where be she ? beany hey , do you know something ? she support a mother and two kid . what do you know about that ? connell ( control he patience ) do you find she ? beany no . her mother 's awful worried about she . when she leave the house she say she be go on a roaring drunk . er , the girl , I mean ! connell ( bark ) go out and find she ! beany sure . hey , but the biggest thing I do not tell you . . . connell pick up telephone . connell hello ! . . . yeh ? beany her old man be Doc Mitchell . you know , the doc that save my mother 's life and would not take any money for it ? you remember that ? okay , boss , I will go and look for she . beany exit , knock over a ash-stand . ? 587 ? connell ( into phone ) Holy smoke , commissioner . you have have twenty - four hour ! okay , hawkshaw , grab a pencil . here it be again . she 's about five foot five , brown eye , light chestnut hair and as fine a pair of leg as . . . the door open , ann stand there '' connell see she . connell ( into phoneustare at Ann ) . . . ever walk into this office . med. shot : at door . the sign painter be slowly beginning to lose patience . he again reach inupull the door shut at ann . Close - up : of ann . ann ( innocently ) do you want to see I ? wider shot : connell , without move , stare at she . connell ( quietly—sizzling ) no . I have have the whole army and navy search for you because that 's a game we play here every day . ann I remember , distinctly , be fire . connell that 's right . but you have a piece of property that still belong to this newspaper . and I would like to have it ! ann what 's that ? connell the letter . ann what letter ? connell the letter from John doe . ann oh ! connell the whole town 's in a uproar . we have get to find he . the letter 's we only clue . ann ( simply ) there be no letter . ? 588 ? connell we will get a handwrite expert to— ( suddenly realize what she have say ) what ! ann there be no letter . he stare at she for a moment , flabbergasted uexchange a look with popucross to the back doorushut it—then come back to face she . Close shot : ann and connell . connell say that again . ann there be no letter . I make it up . connell look at she a long moment and then up at pop . connell ( repeat dully ) you make it up . ann uh-huh . you say you want firework . wider shot : as he recover from the shock , and then wheel on ann again . connell do not you know there be nine job wait for this guy ? twenty - two family want to board he free ? five woman want to marry he , and the Mayor 's practically ready to adopt he ? and you . . . as connell glare at she the door spring open and beany enter . beany I just call the morgue , boss . they say there 's a girl there '' connell shut up ! Close - up : of beany . he be startle by this—and then stare popey as he see ann . beany Ann ! say , why do not yuh— connell beany ! med. shot : at the door . the painter be beginning to grind he tooth . he pull the door shut , viciously . wider shot : to include all . ? 589 ? pop only one thing to do , hank . Drop the whole business quickly . connell how ? pop run a story . say John doe be in here , and be sorry he write the letter and '' connell ( jump in quickly ) that 's right . you get it ! sure ! he come in here and I make he change he mind . " bulletin editor save John doe 's life . " why , it 's perfect . I will have ned write it up . ( into dictograph ) oh , ned ! ned' voice yeah ? connell I get a story I want yuh to— ann wait a minute ! she rush over'snap the dictograph off . med. shot : of ann , lean on connell 's desk . ann listen , you great big wonderful genius of a newspaperman ! you come down here to shoot some life into this die paper , do not you ? connell blink under the attack . pop and beany move into the scene . ann well , the whole town 's curious about John doe and , boom , just like that you be go to bury he . there 's enough circulation in that man to start a shortage in the ink market ! connell ( thoroughly bewilder ) in what man ! ann John doe . connell what John doe ? ann we John doe ! the one I make up ! look , genius '' now , look . suppose there be a John doe—and he walk into this office . what would you do ? find he a job and forget about the whole business , I suppose ! not I ! I would have make a deal with he ! ? 590 ? connell a deal ? ann sure ! when you get hold of a stunt that sell papers you do not drop it like a hot potato . why , this be good for at least a couple of month . you know what I would do ? between now and let 's say , Christmas , when he 's gonna jump , I would run a daily yarn start with he boyhood , he schooling , he first job ! a wide - eye youngster face a chaotic world . the problem of the average man , of all the John do in the world . two shot : ann and connell . despite himself , he 's interested in she recital . ann now , then come the drama . he meet discouragement . he find the world have foot of clay . his ideal crumble . so what do he do ? he decide to commit suicide in protest against the state of civilization . he think of the river ! but no , no , he have a better idea . the City Hall . why ? because he want to attract attention . he want to get a few thing off he chest , and that 's the only way he can get himself hear . connell so ? full shot : of the whole group . beany grin in admiration . connell have lean back in he chair , he eye glue on ann . ann so ! so he write I a letter and I dig he up . he pour out he soul to I , and from now on we quote : " I protest , by John doe . " he protest against all the evil in the world ; the greed , the lust , the hate , the fear , all of man 's inhumanity to man . argument will start . should he commit suicide or should he not ! people will write in plead with he . but no ! no , sir ! John doe will remain adamant ! on Christmas Eve , hot or cold , he go ! see ? she finish , take a deep breatheaw , and at the same time proud of she accomplishment . Close shot : of connell . he just stare at ann . connell ( after a pause—quietly ) very pretty . very pretty , indeed , miss Mitchell . but would you mind tell I who go on Christmas Eve ? ann John doe . connell ( lose control—screams ) what John doe ? ? 591 ? ann ( scream right back ) the one we hire for the job , you lunkhead ! there be silence for a moment . connell ( break silencemspeak with a control patience ) wait a minute . wait a minute . lemme get this through this lame brain of mine . be you suggest we go out and hire someone to say he 's gonna commit suicide on Christmas Eve ? be that it ? ann ( nodd ) well , you be catch on . connell who , for instance ? ann anybody ! er , er— beany will do ! Close - up : beany . he be petrify . beany why sure '' who ? me? jump off a— oh , no ! any time but Christmas . I be superstitious . full shot : beany back away from them—and when he get to the doorumake a dash for it . int. Outer office : med. shot : at door . as beany come dash out , he almost upset the painter from the stool . when the door be shut , the name of " connell " which he have be printing be all smudge over . the painter stare at it , helplessly for a second , and then—unable to stand it any more , rise , throw he brush violently to the floor—after completely smear the sign himself . full shot : connell ( sighing ) miss Mitchell , do I a favor , will you ? go on out and get marry and have a lot o' babies—but stay out o' newspaper business ! pop better get that story in , hank , it 's get late . ann ( to connell ) you be suppose to be a smart guy ! if it be raining hundred dollar bill , you would be out look for a dime you lose some place . connell Holy smoke ! wasting my time listen to this mad woman . ? 592 ? he cross to he desk just as ned enter from the back door . ned look , Chief ! look what the Chronicle be run on John doe . they say it 's a fake ! connell turn sharply . Close - up : of ann . she be just about give up , when she hear this—and she eye brighten alertly . med. shot : at connell 's desk . connell—reading the papersbecome incense . connell why , the no-good—low - down— ( read ) " John doe story amateur journalism . it 's palpably phoney . it 's a wonder anyone be take it seriously . " what do yuh think of that guy ! ann have walk into scene while connell be read . ann that 's fine ! that 's fine ! now fall right into they lap . go ahead . say John doe walk in and call the whole thing off . you know what that 's go to sound like on top of this ! connell ( do not like ned hearing all this ) that 's all , ned . thank you . ned all right . ned , puzzle , exit . connell come away from he desk and walk around . connell ( fight spirit ) " amateur journalism " , huh ? why , the bunch of sophomore ! I can teach they more about— but he be interrupt by the front door be flung open . on the threshold stand beany . beany hey , boss . get a load of this . connell ( join he in the doorway ) what ? beany look ! med. shot : over they shoulder . in the outer office be a large group of derelict - look man . some standing— some sitting—some lean . it look like the lobby of a flophouse have be transplant . Close shot : beany and connell . ? 593 ? connell what do they want ? beany they all say they write the John doe letter . med. shot : pop and ann have walk over and also peer out . connell ( amused , turn ) oh , they all write the letter ? ann push connell asidemtalk to beany . ann tell they all to wait . she shut the door and turn to connell . ann look , Mr. connell—one of that man be you John doe . they be desperate and will do anything for a cup of coffee . pick one out and you can make the Chronicle eat they word . Close - up : of connell . a broad smile slowly spread over he face . connell I be beginning to like this . med. shot : pop look worried . pop if you ask I , hank , you be play around with dynamite . connell no , no , no , the gal 's right . we can not let the Chronicle get the laugh on we ! we have get to produce a John doe now . ( mutter ) amateur journalism , huh ! ( start for door ) I will show that guy . ann sure—and there 's no reason for they to find out the truth , either . ( significantly ) because , naturally , I will not say anything . connell turn sharply , stare at she a moment puzzle , then grin . connell ( grin ) okay , sister , you get you job back . ann plus a bonus . connell what bonus ? ? 594 ? Close - up : of ann . she take the plunge . she be a little frighten at she own nerve , but she be go to brazen it out . ann ( try to drop it casually ) oh , the bonus of a thousand dollar the Chronicle be go to pay I for this little document . you will find it say , er : " I , Ann Mitchell , hereby certify that the John doe letter be create by I '' " med. shot : as she speak , she get the " little document " out of she bag , hand it to connell who glare at she , take the paper and start to read . Ann lean over he shoulder . pop peer over he other shoulder . connell I can read . I can read ! ann sorry . she back away . connell continue read she confession . connell so you think this be worth a thousand dollar , do you ? ann ( very carelessly ) oh , the Chronicle would consider it dirt cheap . connell pack everything , include a gun . ( fling paper on desk ) okay , sister , you have get yourself a deal . now let 's take a look at the candidate . the one we pick have gotta be the typical average man . typical american that can keep he mouth shut . pop show I a american who can keep he mouth shut and '' I will eat he . connell ( open door ) okay , beany , bring them in one at a time . ( he step back and rub he hand in anticipation ) wipe to : montage : half a dozen different type of hobo appear—and in each instance ann shake she head , negatively . wipe to : Close shot : of a tall chap , head hang shyly . two shot : of ann and connell . they be impressed . full shot : ann and connell exchange hopeful glance and begin slowly walk around the new candidate . Close - up : of tall chap . he feel awkward under this scrutiny . wider shot : connell stop in he examination of the man . ? 595 ? connell do you write that letter to miss Mitchell ? tall chap ( after a pause ) no , I do not . ann , connell and pop evince they surprise . connell what be you do up here then ? tall chap well , the paper say there be some job around loose . think there might be one leave over . they study he for a second , then ann walk over close to he . two shot : ann and tall chap . ann have any schooling ? tall chap yeah , a little . ann what do you do when you work ? tall chap ( slight pause ) I use to pitch . ann Baseball ? tall chap uh-huh . till my wing [ 4 ] go bad . ann where would you play ? tall chap Bush league mostly . [ 5 ] med. shot : to include the rest of they . they have they eye glue on he face . ann be very much interested . connell how about family ? get any family ? tall chap ( after a pause ) no . connell oh , just travel through , huh ? tall chap yeah . I and a friend of mine . he 's outside . ? 596 ? connell nod to the other to join he in a huddle . he cross to a corner . they follow . Close three shot : they speak in subdued voice . connell look all right— ann he 's perfect ! a baseball player . what could be more american ! connell I wish he have a family , though . pop be less complicated without a family . ann look at that face . it 's wonderful . they will believe he . come on . Close - up : of tall chap . he be a strange , bewilder figure . he know he be be appraise , but do not know why . he finger he hat nervously and look around the room . suddenly he be attract by something . Close - up : of tray of sandwich on connell 's desk . Close - up : of tall chap . he swallow hard . his eye stare at the sandwich hungrily . med. shot : over he shoulder . shoot toward the huddle group . it break up . they walk toward he . med. shot : another angle . connell what 's you name ? tall chap willoughby . John willoughby , Long John willoughby they call I in baseball . ann er , would you , er , would you like to make some money ? JOHN yeah , maybe . note : henceforth in this script he shall be refer to as JOHN doe . ann would you be willing to say you write that letter—and stick by it ? JOHN oh , I get the idea . yeah , maybe . there be a appraise pause , and connell again signal they to join he in a huddle . they exit to they corner . ? 597 ? Close - up : of JOHN . his eye immediately go to the sandwich . Close - up : of tray , with sandwich and milk , on desk . Close - up : of JOHN . his eye rivete on tray . he glance , speculatively , over toward they and then back to the tray . med. shot : of the huddle group . ann that 's we man . he 's make to order . connell I do not know . he do not seem like a guy that would fall into line . ann ( it 's significant to she ) when you be desperate for money , you do a lot of thing , Mr. connell . he 's we man , I tell you . suddenly , they be startle by a loud thud : they all look around sharply . ann he 's faint ! get some water quickly ! as all three rush to he . connell hurry up , pop . ann oh. connell ( to John ) right here . sit down . JOHN huh ? ann be you all right ? JOHN yeah , I be all right . dissolve to : int. ann 's office . Close - up : of johnutting at ann 's desk , just complete a meal—and still eat voraciously . camera draw back and we find another bindle -stiff sit beside JOHN , pack food away in silence . he be the friend JOHN refer to . he be much older and go by the name of colonel . camera continue to pull back revealing ann who sit nearby , watch they sympathetically . Close shot : JOHN and the colonel . they continue eat . JOHN glance up and catch ann 's eye . he smile self - consciously . Close - up : of ann . she , too , smile warmly . med. shot : they continue to eat silently . ? 598 ? ann how many be that , six ? pretty hungry , be not you ? colonel say , all this John doe business be batty , if yuh ask I . ann well , nobody ask yuh . colonel try to improve the world by jump off building . you could not improve the world if the building jump on you ! JOHN ( to Ann ) do not mind the Colonel . he hate people . ann he like you well enough to stick around . JOHN oh , that 's ' cause we both play doohicky . [ 6 ] I meet he in a box car a couple o' year ago . I be foolin ' around with my harmonica and he come over and join in . I have not be able to shake he since . full shot : suddenly , he start to play the overture from " William tell . " the colonel whip out a ocarina and join he . ann stare , amused . the door open and connell and beany barge in , follow by half a dozen photographer . connell all right , boy , here he be . ann ( jump up ) no , no , no ! you can not take picture of he like that_eat a sandwich—and with a beard ! she wave the photographer out , and shut the door . connell but , he 's gonna jump off a building ! ann yes , but not because he 's out of a job . that 's not news ! this man 's go to jump as a matter of principle . connell well , maybe you be right . ann we will clean he up and put he in a hotel room—under bodyguard . we will make a mystery out of he . ( suddenly ) do you speak to Mr. norton ? ? 599 ? connell ( nod ) thinks it 's terrific . say for we to go the limit . want we to build a bonfire under every big shot in the state . ann oh , swell ! be that the contract ? ( see paper in connell 's hand ) connell yes . ( see the colonel ) what 's he do here ? ann friend of he . they play duet together . connell duet ? but can we trust he ? ann oh ! JOHN I trust he . connell oh , you trust he , eh ? well , that 's fine . I suppose he trust you , too ? ann oh , stop worry . he 's all right . colonel ( insulted ) that 's— connell well , okay . but we do not want more than a couple o' hundred people in on this thing . now the first thing I want be a exact copy of the John doe letter in you own handwrite . ann I get it all ready . here . connell well , that 's fine . now I want you to sign this agreement . it give we a exclusive story under you name day by day from now until Christmas . on December twenty - sixth , you get one railroad ticket out of town , and the bulletin agree to pay to have you arm fix . that 's what you want , be not it ? JOHN yeah , but it 's get to be by bone - setter Brown . connell okay , bone - setter Brown go . here , sign it . meanwhile , here 's fifty dollar for spend money . that 's fine . beany ! ? 600 ? beany yeah , boss ? connell take charge of he . get he a suite at the Imperial and hire some bodyguard . ann yeah , and some new clothes , beany . beany do you think we better have he de -louse ? connell yeh , yeh , yeh . beany both of them ? connell yes , both of them ! but do not let he out of you sight . ann hey , beany , gray suit , huh ? beany yeah . connell okay , fellow . ann take it easy , John doe . JOHN and the colonel follow beany out . connell ( turn to Ann ) and you ! start pound that typewriter . oh , boy ! this be terrific ! no responsibility on we part . just statement from John doe and we can blast we head off . ann ( interrupt ) before you pop too many button , do not forget to make out that check for a thousand . connell ( grimace ) awwwww ! dissolve to : int. live - room of suite . full shot : the door open and beany enter . he be follow by JOHN and the colonel . JOHN glance around , impressed . the colonel look glum . med. shot : at door . as JOHN exit scene into the room , tail by the unhappy colonel . beany beckon someone out in the corridor . beany okay , fella . ? 601 ? Three bruiser stand in the doorway . beany now , lemme see . you sit outside the door . nobody come in , see . you two fella sit in here . as they reach for chair , cut to : med. shot : JOHN be pleased as he gaze wander around the room . JOHN hey , pretty nifty , huh ? colonel you be not gonna get I to stay here . JOHN sure , you be . colonel no , sir . that spot under the bridge where we sleep last night 's good enough for I . while he speak , JOHN have manage to get a glimpse of himself in a mirrormadmire he new suit . bell hop hey , what will I do with this baggage ? beany aw , stick them in the bedroom . colonel gimme mine . I be not stay ! you know we be head for the Columbia River country before all this John doe business come up . you remember that , do not yuh ? JOHN sure . I remember . . . say , do you ear pop come up in the elevator ? mine do . colonel aw , Long John . . . I tell you—it 's no good . you be gonna get use to a lotta stuff that 's gonna wreck you . why , that fifty buck in you pocket 's beginning to show up on you already . and do not pull that on I neither ! ( as John bring out harmonica ) JOHN stop worry , Colonel . I be gonna get my arm fix out of this . wider shot : as beany enter scene with box of cigar . beany here 's some cigar the boss send up . have one . JOHN 's eye light up . JOHN hey , cigar ! ? 602 ? he grab one and stuff it in he mouth . beany ( to Colonel ) help yourself . colonel naw . JOHN flop into a luxurious chair—and immediately angelface hold a light up for he cigar . JOHN look up , pleased . JOHN say , I will bet yuh even the Major leaguer do not rate a outfit like this . angelface ( hand he a newspaper ) here . make yourself comfortable . ( turn to the Colonel ) Paper ? colonel ( sharply ) I do not read no papers and I do not listen to radio either . I know the world 's be shave by a drunken barber and I do not have to read it . angelface back away , puzzle . colonel ( cross to John ) I have see guy like you go under before . guy that never have a worry . then they get ahold of some dough and go goofy . the first thing that happen to a guy '' beany hey , do yuh get a load of the bedroom ? JOHN no . beany beckon to he to follow , which JOHN do with great interest . int. bedroom : full shot : as beany and JOHN puff luxuriously on they cigar and examine the room . colonel ( in doorway ) the first thing that happen to a guy like that—he start wantin ' to go into restaurant and sit at a table and eat salads—and cup cakes—and tea '' ( disgust ) Boy , what that kinda food do to you system ! JOHN push on the bed and be impressed with its softness . colonel the next thing the dope want be a room . yessir , a room with steam heat ! and curtain and rug ? 603 ? and ' fore you know it , he 's all soften up and he can not sleep ' less he have a bed . Close - up : of beany . he stare , bewilder , at the colonel . wider shot : JOHN turn and cross to window . JOHN ( as he go ) hey , stop worry , Colonel . fifty buck be not go to ruin I . colonel I see plenty of feller start out with fifty buck and wind up with a bank account ! beany ( can not stand it any more ) hey , whatsa matter with a bank account , anyway ? colonel ( ignore he ) and let I tell you , Long John . when you become a guy with a bank account , they get you . yessir , they get you ! beany who 's get he ? colonel the heelot ! beany who ? JOHN ( at the window ) hey . there 's the City Hall tower I be suppose to jump off of . it 's even higher than this . beany who 's get he ? colonel the heelot ! Close - up : JOHN open window and lean out . Close - up : of beany . his eye pop ; he 's petrify . med. shot : JOHN stretch far out of the window , and quickly bounce back . JOHN wow ! at the same time beany spring to he side and yank he back . beany hey , wait a minute ! you be not suppose to do that till Christmas Eve ! wanta get I in a jam ? ? 604 ? JOHN ( twinkle in he eye ) if it 's gonna get you in a jam , I will do you a favor . I will not jump . he exit to the live room . int. live room : full shot : as JOHN enter , flick ash from he cigar , grandly , the colonel leave the doorway , still pursue he point . colonel and when they get you , you get no more chance than a road-rabbit . beany ( dogging the colonel ) hey . who would you say be gonna get he ? JOHN say , be this one of that place where you ring if you want something ? beany yeah . just use the phone . the think of this delight JOHN . JOHN Boy ! I have always want to do this ! he go to the phone . beany hey , Doc , look . look , doc. gimme that again , will yuh ? who 's gonna get he ? colonel the heelot ! beany who be they ? two shot : the colonel finally level off on beany . colonel listen , sucker , yuh ever be break ? beany sure . mostly often . colonel all right . you be walk along—not a nickel in you jeans—free as the wind—nobody bother you'hundred of people pass yuh by in every line of businesshoesh , hat , automobile , radio , furniture , everything . they be all nice , lovable people , and they let you alone . be that right ? Close - up : of beany'nodding he head , bewilder . ? 605 ? colonel' voice then you get hold of some dough , and what happen ? beany instinctively shake he head . two shot : the colonel take on a sneering expression . colonel all that nice , sweet , lovable people become heelot . a lotta heel . ( mysterioso ) they begin creep up on you'try to sell you something . they have get long claw and they get a strangle -hold on you—and you squirm—and duck and holler—and you try to push them away—but you have not get a chance—they have get you ! first thing you know , you own thing . a car , for instance . beany have be follow he , eye blink , mouth open . colonel now you whole life be mess up with more stuff—license fees—and number plates—and gas and oil—and tax and insurance '' Close shot : of the lug at the door . one of they listen with a half - smile on he face . the other , more goofy , look bewilder . he have be listening—and now , slowly rise , ear cocked , frighten by the harrowing tale . camera retreat before himua he slowly walk nearer to beany and the colonel . meantime , we continue to hear the colonel be voice . colonel' voice . . . and identification cards—and letters—and bills—and flat tires—and dents—and traffic ticket and motorcycle cop and court rooms—and lawyers—and fine '' wider shot : the lug step up directly behind beany—and the two horrify face be close together—both stare at the colonel . colonel and a million and one other thing . and what happen ? you be not the free and happy guy you use to be . you gotta have money to pay for all that things—so you go after what the other feller 's get '' ( with finality ) and there you are—you be a heelot yourself ! Close shot : of the two head of beany and the lug . they continue to stare , wide - eye , at the colonel . wider shot : as JOHN approach the colonel . JOHN ( smile ) you win , Colonel . here 's the fifty . go on out and get rid of it . ? 606 ? colonel ( as he go ) you bet I will ! as fast as I can ! gonna get some can goods—a fishing rod , and the rest I be gonna give away . angelface ( aghast ) give away ? JOHN ( call ) hey . get I a pitcher 's glove ! get to get some practice . angelface say , he 's give it away ! I be gonna get I some of that ! beany hey , come back here , yuh heelot ! JOHN ( on the phone ) will you send up five hamburger with all the trimming , five chocolate ice cream soda , and five piece of apple pie ? no , apple , with cheese . yeah . thank you . JOHN hang up . the colonel have just reach the door when it fly open and Ann come in with photographer eddie— she see JOHN all dress up . ann hello there . well , well ! if it be not the man about town ! eddie all set , Ann ? ann ( come out of it ) huh ? oh , yes . let 's go . ( she back away ) now , let 's see . we want some action in this picture . JOHN action ? ann um-hum . JOHN wind up in pitching pose—his leave leg lift up high . eddie that 's good . ann no , no , no . this man 's go to jump off a roof . eddie oh. ? 607 ? ann here . wait a minute . let I comb you hair . sit down . there . that 's better . Close shot : she comb he hairkstraighten he tie—etc . he inhale the fragrance of she hair and like ituwink to the other . she pose JOHN 's face and look it over . ann you know , he 's get a nice face , have not he ? angelface yeh—he 's pretty . JOHN give he a look and start to get up slowly . ann here . sit down ! ( to angelface ) quiet , egghead ! ( back to JOHN ) all right , now , a serious expression . JOHN ( laugh ) can not . I be feel too good . ann oh , come on , now . this be serious . you be a man disgust with all of civilization . JOHN with all of it ? ann yes , you be sore at the world . come on , now . JOHN oh , crabby guy , huh ? he try scowling . ann yeah . no , no ! ( laugh ) no ! no , look . you do not have to smell the world ! ( the man laugh ) JOHN well , all that guy in the bleacher think— ann never mind that guy . all right , stand up . now let 's see what you look like when you protest . JOHN against what ? ann against anything . just protest . JOHN ( laugh ) you get I . ? 608 ? ann oh , look . I be the umpire , and you just cut the heart of the plate with you fast one and I call it a ball . what would you do ? JOHN ( advance toward she ) oh , yuh do , huh ? ann yes ! JOHN why can not you call right , you bone-head , pig-eare , lop -ear , pot-bellied— ann grab it , Eddie , grab it ! Eddie take the picture . a montage : of newspaper insert feature John doe 's picture . " I protest against collapse of decency in the world . " " I protest against corruption in local politics . " " I protest against civic head be in league with crime . " " I protest against state relief be use as political football . " " I protest against County Hospitals shutting out the needy . " " I protest against all the brutality and slaughter in the world . " Close - up : superimpose over all of the above be a circulation chartushow the circulation of the bulletin in a constant rise . dissolve to : int. governor 's study : med. shot : the governor pace furiously . in front of he be several associate . governor I do not care whose picture they be publishing . I still say that this John doe person be a myth . and you can quote I on that . and I be go to insist on he be produce for question . you know as well as I do that this whole thing be be engineered by a vicious man with a vicious purpose '' Mr. D. B. norton . as he finish say this , dissolve to : ext. D. B. 's estate : Close - up : of D. B. norton . camera pull back and we find he on horseback . reverse long shot : we discover that he be watch the maneuver of a motorcycle corps who be in uniform . they be be drill by ted sheldon . ? 609 ? med. shot : as a groom ride toward D. B. GROOM Mr. connell and miss Mitchell be at the house , sir . D. B. oh , they be ? all right , come on . dissolve to : int. D. B. 's study : med. shotupan : as ann , D. B. and connell enter and cross to D. B. 's desk . ann ( as they walk ) personally , I think it 's just plain stupidity to drop it now . they reach D. B. 's desk and stop . ann you should see he fan mail ! thousands ! why , it 's go over like a house afire ! Close - up : of D. B. he study she a moment before he turn to connell . D. B. what be you afraid of , connell ? it 's double we circulation . wider shot : to include all three . connell yeah , but it 's get everybody sore . ad be be pulled—the Governor 's start a libel suit—what 's more , they all know John doe 's a phoney—and they insist on see he . ann well , what about it ? let they see he ! we will go they one better . they can also hear he . ( to D. B. ) you own a radio station , Mr. norton . why not put he on the air ? Close - up : of D. B. he admire she fight . connell' voice watch out for this dame , D. B. she will drive you batty ! ann ohh ! ? 610 ? wider shot : to include all three . connell look . we can not let them get to this bush - league pitcher and start pump he . good night ! no tell what that screwball might do . I walk in yesterday—here he be , stand on a table with a fishing pole flycast . take my advice and get he out of town before this thing explode in we face ! ann if you do , Mr. norton , you be just as much of a dumb cluck as he be ! Excuse I . connell ( to ann—hotly ) no , you have get yourself a meal ticket and you hate to let go . ann sure , it 's a meal ticket for I . I admit it , but it 's also a windfall for somebody like Mr. norton who 's try to crash national politics . ( she turn to D. B. ) that 's what you buy the newspaper for , be not it ? you wanta reach a lotta people , do not you ? well , put John doe on the air and you can reach a hundred and fifty million of them . he can say anything he want and they will listen to he . Close - up : of D. B. fascinate by ann . wider shot : connell stare at she derisively . D. B. be completely absorb . ann all right , let 's not forget the Governor , the Mayor and all small fry like that . this can arouse national interest ! if he make a hit around here—he can do it everywhere else in the country ! and you will be pull the string , Mr. norton ! Close - up : of D. B. his eye have begin to light up with extensive plan . wider shot : D. B. continue to study ann with deep interest . then he turn to connell . D. B. go down to the office and arrange for some radio time . connell ( protest ) why , D. B. , you be not go to fall for— D. B. ( interrupt sharply ) I want it as soon as possible . ? 611 ? connell ( shrugging ) okay . I just come in to get warm , myself . come on , let 's go . he start out . ann pick up she bag , prepare to follow connell . D. B. er , do not you go . I want to talk to you . connell go . ann wait , somewhat nervously . D. B. ( when connell be go ) sit down . med. two shot : ann and D. B. D. B. study she for a moment . D. B. . . . er , this John doe idea be yours , huh ? ann yes , sir . D. B. how much money do you get ? ann thirty dollar . D. B. ( probingly ) thirty dollar ? well , er , what be you after ? I mean , what do you want ? a journalistic career ? ann money . D. B. ( laugh ) money ? well , I be glad to hear somebody admit it . do you suppose you could write a radio speech that would put that fellow over ? ann oh , I be sure I can . D. B. do it , and I will give you a hundred dollar a week . ann a hundred dollar ! D. B. that 's only the beginning . you play you card right and you will never have to worry about money again . oh , I know it . ann be eye brighten with excitement . they be interrupt by the arrival of ted sheldon , in uniform . ? 612 ? D. B. ( to ted ) hello . whenever there 's a pretty woman around , er— ( laugh ) this be my nephew , Ted sheldon , miss Mitchell . ann how do you do . ted how do you do ! D. B. all right , casanova . I will give you a break . see that miss Mitchell get a car to take she home . ted always read my mind , be not you ? ann ( laugh ) thank you very much for everything . D. B. and , miss Mitchell '' I think from now on you would better work directly with I . ann yes , sir . they exit . D. B. walk to the door , a pleased expression on he face . Close - up : of D. B. his face wreathe in a victorious smile . fade-out . fade - in : int. ann 's live room : Close shot : of ann . she sit at a typewriter read something she have write . suddenly , impulsively , she yank the sheet out of the machine and fling it to the floor . as she rise , camera pull back . we find the floor litter with previously unsuccessful attempt to get the speech write . for a moment , ann pace agitatedly , until she be interrupt by a commotion . med. shot : at door . ann 's two sister , irene and ellen , age nine and eleven—and dress in they sleep pajamas , dash in , squealing mischievously . camera pan with they as they rush to ann and leap on she . ann oh ! hey ! oh , hey ! I think you be asleep ! ellen we just want to say good night , sis . they embrace and kiss she . ann oh , oh ! oh , you little brat ! you be just stalling . I say good night ! ? 613 ? med. shot : at door . ann' mother appear in the doorway . she be a prim little woman—her clothes have a touch of the victorian about them—her hair be do up in old - fashioned style , she throat be modestly cover in lace . mother ( above the din ) come , come , come , child . it 's past you bedtime . ellen oh , all right . mother go on ! ellen come on , pooch ! come on , come on . mother now , keep pooch off the bed . the child exit , squealing . ann' mother go to ann 's desk and search for something . ann stick a fork through I ! I be do . I will never get this speech right . mother oh , yes you will , Ann dear . . . you be very clever . ann yeah , I know . what be you look for ? mother you purse . I need ten dollar . ann what for ? I give you fifty just the other day . mother yes , I know , dear , but Mrs. burke have she baby yesterday . nine pound ! and there be not a thing in the house—and then this morning the Community chest [ 7 ] lady come around and '' ann and the fifty 's all go , huh ? who 's the ten for ? mother the webster . ann the webster ! mother you remember that lovely people you father use to take care of ? I think I would buy they some grocery . oh , Ann , dear , it 's a shame , that poor '' ? 614 ? ann you be marvelous , ma. you be just like Father use to be . do you realize a couple of week ago we do not have enough to eat ourselves ? mother well , yes , I know , dear , but this people be in such need and we have plenty now . ann if you be think of that thousand dollar , forget it . it 's practically go . we owed everybody in town . now , you have just gotta stop give all you money away . her mother look up , surprised at she tone . mrs . mitchell oh , Ann , dear ! Close - up : ann realize she have speak sharply to she mother and immediately regret it . her face soften . med. shot : as ann cross to she mother—and place a arm around she shoulder , tenderly . ann oh , I be sorry , ma . oh , do not pay any attention to I . I guess I be just upset about all this . gee whiz , here I be with a great opportunity to get somewhere , to give we security for once in we life , and I be stick . if I could put this over , you Mrs. burke can have six baby ! mother do you mean the speech you be write ? ann yeah , I do not know . I simply can not get it to jell ! I create somebody who 's gonna give up he life for a principle , hundred of thousand of people be gonna listen to he over the radio and , unless he say something that 's , well , that 's sensational , it 's just no good ! mother well , honey , of course I do not know what kind of a speech you be try to write , but judge from the sample I have read , I do not think anybody will listen . ann what ? mother darling , there be so many complain political speech . people be tired of hearing nothing but doom and despair on the radio . if you be go to have he say anything , why do not you let he say something simple and real , something with hope in it ? if you father be alive , he would know what to say . ? 615 ? ann oh , yes , Father certainly would . mother wait a minute . . . ann huh ? mrs . mitchell cross to a desk , find a key and unlock a compartment . ann watch she , curiously . Close shot : mrs . mitchell extract a diary from the compartment , which she handle very tenderly . camera pan with she as she go back to ann . mother that 's you father 's diary , Ann . ann Father 's . . . I never know he have a diary . mother there 's enough in it for a hundred speech , thing people ought to hear nowadays . you be careful of it , will not you dear ? it 's always help keep you father alive for I . ann ( hold mother 's hand to she cheek ) you bet I will , ma. her mother abruptly leave . Close - up : ann turn she attention to the diary . as she open it , she eye sparkle expectantly . she become interested in the first thing she see . dissolve to : int. corridor of hotel . med. shot : at door of JOHN 's suite . a crowd of people be around the door try to crash it . the lug on guard stand before the door . lug wait a minute . John doe do not wanta sign no autograph . inquirer well , what do he do all day ? lug what do he do all day ? he 's writin ' out he memory ! cut to : int. live room . med. shot : beany be on the telephone . he be apparently weary from answer they all day . ? 616 ? beany sorry , lady . you can not see Mr. doe . he want to be alone . no , no , he just sit around all day and commute with himself . camera swing around to JOHN . he stand in the middle of the floor , he pitcher 's glove on , play a imaginary game of ball . he wind up and throw a imaginary ball . Close - up : of the colonel . he wear a catcher 's mitt—and smack it as if he just catch the ball . beany ( umpire ) ba-ll ! colonel I do not know how you be gonna stand it around here till after Christmas . full shot : at the door be the two lug , watch the imaginary ball game . the colonel take a couple of step over home plate , and throw the " ball " back to JOHN who pick it up out of the air . colonel ( as he step back behind the plate ) I betcha yuh be not hear a train whistle in two week . he crouch on he knees—and give JOHN a signal . beany st-rike ! colonel I know why you be hangin ' around— you be stick on a girl—that 's all a guy need be to get hook up with a woman . Close shot : of JOHN . he shake he head , and wait for another sign . when he get it , he nod . he step onto the mounduwind up and let another one go . this be apparently a hit , for he eye shoot skyward , and he quickly turnsuwatch the progress of the ball as it be flung to first base . from he frown we know the man be safe . Close shot : of the two lug , angelface and mike . angelface be seriously absorb in the game . mike lean against the wall , eye narrow , a plan go on in he head . angelface ( seriously ) what be that ? a single ? Close - up : of JOHN . JOHN ( explain ) the first baseman drop the ball . Close - up : of angelface . ? 617 ? angelface ( shouting at " firstbaseman " ) butterfinger ! ( back to John ) that 's tough luck , pal . med. shot : JOHN disregard he completely . he be too much absorb with the man on first . he now have the stance of a pitch without the windup . colonel when a guy have a woman on he hand '' the first thing he know he life be ball up with a lot more things—furniture and '' Close shot : of JOHN . he catch the " ball " uget into position'nod to he catcheruise he hand in the air , take a peek toward first base—and suddenly wheel around face camera , and whip the " ball " toward first base . almost immediately he face light up . Close - up : of angelface . angelface do you get he ? Close - up : of JOHN . he wink . beany ( umpire ) you be out ! full shot : JOHN flip the glove off he hand so that it dangle from he wrist—and massage the ball with he two palm . angelface that 's swell ! what 's this— the end of the eighth ? JOHN ninth ! he step into the " pitcher 's box " . wider shot : just as they take they position , the lug , from outside , partly open the door . lug hey , beany ! there 's a coupla lug from the Chronicle snooping around out here ! beany immediately come from background . beany come on , angelface ! gangway ! as they reach the door , the lug speak to angelface . lug what 's the score , angelface ? angelface Three to two—our favor . ? 618 ? lug gee , that 's great ! Close - up : of JOHN . he have hear this and grin mischievously . he start wind up for another pitch . Close - up : of mike . he look around mischievously , then turn to JOHN . mike you have get swell form . must have be a pretty good pitcher . wider shot : JOHN be just receive the ball . JOHN pretty good ? say , I be just about ready for the major league when I chip a bone in my elbow . I get it pitchin ' a nineteen-ing game ! mike nineteen ! JOHN yep . there be a major league scout there watch I , too . and he come down after the game with a contract . do you know what ? I could not life my arm to sign it . but I will be okay again as soon as I get it fix up . mike ( pick up newspaper—sighing ) that 's too bad . JOHN what do you mean , too bad ? mike ( pretend distraction ) huh ? oh , that you will never be able to play again . JOHN well , what be you talk about ? I just tell you I be gonna get a— mike ( interrupt carelessly ) well , you know how they be in baseball—if a guy 's mix up in a racket '' JOHN ( walk over ) racket ? what do you mean ? mike well , I be just think about this John doe business . why , as soon as it come out it 's all a fake , you will be wash up in baseball , will not you ? ? 619 ? JOHN y-yeah . gee , doggone it , I never think about that . gosh ! mike and another thing , what about all the kid in the country , the kid that idolize ball player ? what be they gonna think about you ? ( shake he head ) Close shot : of the colonel . he have drop he gloveuflopped into a chair—and have take out he ocarina . john' voice hey , do you hear that , Colonel ? the colonel nod , disinterestedly , and begin to play . wider shot : JOHN ponder he dilemma for a second . JOHN I gotta figure some way out of this thing ! colonel the elevator be still runnin' . mike ( carelessly ) I know one way you can do it . JOHN how ? mike well , when you get up on the radio , all you have to do be say the whole thing 's a frame - up . make you a hero sure as you be bear ! John think this over , but something trouble he . JOHN yeah , but how be I gonna get my arm fix ? mike well , that 's a cinch . I know somebody that will give you five thousand dollar just to get up on the radio and tell the truth . colonel ( eye pop ) five thousand dollar ? mike yeah . five thousand dollar . and he get it right away . you do not have to wait till Christmas . colonel look out , Long John ! they be close in on you ! ? 620 ? JOHN ( ignore colonel ) say , who 's put up this dough ? mike feller run the Chronicle . ( take it out of he pocket ) here 's the speech you make—and it 's all write out for you . JOHN take it . Close - up : of the colonel . colonel ( eye heaven - ward ) five thousand dollar ! Holy mackerel ! I can see the heelot comin' . the whole army of they ! mike it 's on the level . Close - up : of JOHN . dissolve to : int. broadcasting station : Close shot : telephone operator . 1st girl no , I be sorry . ticket for the broadcast be all go . phone the bulletin . 2 nd girl sorry . no more ticket leave . med. shot : crowd chattering—they recognize JOHN doe come in . Close shot : at a side door in broadcasting station . as the colonel and mike take they place . int. office in broadcasting station : full shot : JOHN be lead by beany into the office . they be immediately follow by several photographer . beany here he be . ann hello , John . all set for the big night ? swell ! photographer turn around . 2nd photographer one moment—hold it ! now stand still , Mr. doe . ann okay , beany , take they outside . two shot : JOHN and ann . ? 621 ? ann now , look , John . here 's the speech . it 's in cap and double-space . you will not have any trouble read it . not nervous , be you ? JOHN no . ann of course not . he would not be . JOHN who ? ann John doe . the one in there . ( point to speech ) beany hey , do not let you knee rattle . it pick up on the mike ! ann oh , beany ! you need not be nervous , John . all you have to remember be to be sincere . wider shot : man poke he head in . man pick up the phone , miss Mitchell . it 's for you . ann ( take phone ) hello ? yes , mother . oh , thank you , darling . full shot : while she speak on the phone , mrs . brewster barge in , accompany by two other lady . mrs . brewster oh , there he be , the poor , dear man ! oh , good luck to you , Mr. doe . we want you to know that we be all for you . the girl all decide that you be not to jump off any roof a'tall . oh , we will stop it ! ann complete the phone callucross to mrs . brewster . ann sorry , lady . Mr. doe can not be bother now . he 's gotta make a speech out there , and '' while she get they out '' mike slip into the room . Close shot : mike and JOHN . mike have you get the speech I give you ? JOHN ( tap breast pocket ) yeah . ? 622 ? mike now , look . I will give this money to the Colonel just as soon as you get start . we will have a car wait at the side entrance for you . JOHN okay . full shot : ann turn away from the door . ann ( to mike ) how would you get in here ? mike huh ? oh , I just come in to wish he luck . ann come on , out . out ! ( turn to John ) mother say good luck , too . John , when you read that speech , please , please believe every word of it . he 's turn out to be a wonderful person , John . JOHN who ? ann John doe , the one in the speech . JOHN oh. yeah . ann you know something ? I have actually fall in love with he . full shot : they be interrupt by the arrival of connell . he be accompany by several photographers—and a beautiful girl in a bathing suit . a banner across she front read : " miss average girl " . connell all right , there he be , sister . now , come on—plenty of oomph ! the girl , all smile , throw she arm around JOHN 's shoulder—and strike a languid pose . the flashlight go off . ann what 's the idea ? connell no , no , no . now that 's too much ! photographer one moment , please . ann this be no time for cheap publicity , Mr. connell ! ? 623 ? connell listen . if that guy lay a egg . I want to get something out of it . I be get a Jane doe ready ! ann ( try to get rid of they ) that 's fine , honey . now , get out ! photographer all right . I need one more . ann go right ahead . while there be this confusion , the colonel push in and stand in the doorway . colonel how're you doin ' ? connell ( call to beany outside ) all right , beanyusbre them in ! while connell speak , two midget push the colonel out of the way and enter the room . the colonel glance down—and nearly jump out of he skin . beany follow they in . colonel Holy smoke ! a half a heelot ! beany there you be , boss , just like you order . symbol of the little people . connell okay . get they up . beany lift they and place they , one on each of JOHN 's arm . the flashlight go off . ann this be ridiculous , Mr. connell ! come on , give he a chance . the man 's on the air ! while she speak , she try to shove the photographer out . boy midget ( to girl midget ) come on , snooks—you better bail out . girl midget ( coquettishly ) Goodbye , Mr. doe ! beany lift she off—and ann push they all out—just as the stage manager reappear . stage manager better get ready . one minute to go ! ? 624 ? two shot : JOHN and ann . ann turn quickly to JOHN . ann wow ! one minute to go , and the score be nothing to nothing ! now , please , John , you will not let I down , will you ? will you ? ' course you will not . if you will just think of yourself as the real John doe . listen . everything in that speech be thing a certain man believe in . he be my father , John . and when he talk , people listen . they will listen to you , too . funny—you know what my mother say the other night ? she say to look into you eyes—that I would see Father there . stage manager hey—what do you say ? ann okay ! we be come . come on ! ann now , listen , John . you be a pitcher . now , get in there and pitch ! ( kiss he cheek ) good luck . for a moment he just stare at she , under a spell . then , turn , he exit . after a second of watch he , ann follow . studio official give he room , let he through . come on . int. broadcasting stage : med. shot : camera retreat in front of JOHN and the official , as they leave the office and proceed to the microphone . everyone stare curiously at JOHN '' whisper to each other . med. shot : shoot through glass partition , toward control booth . we see the two man at the board . they glance nervously at they watches—then at the clock on the wall . Close shot : of ann . she have take a position at a table near the mike . next to she sit connell . ann watch JOHN with intense interest . the colonel have follow JOHN up to the microphone . colonel ( to John ) hey . let 's get out o' here . there 's the door right there . m.c. hey , what be you do here ? colonel that 's what I would like to know ! m.c. come on , out . out . ? 625 ? JOHN say , he 's a friend of mine . ann ( at John 's elbow ) never mind . let he alone . he 's all right . I will be right over there pull for you . JOHN start to follow ann away from mike . ann lead he back to mike again . ann no , john—over here . 2 nd m.c. stand by . med. shot : at door . the colonel surreptitiously try the door , to see that it open readily . stand near he be beany and the other . med. shot : Group around spencer . they wait expectantly . they eye sparkling with excitement . spencer phone the Chronicle . tell them to start get that extras out . med. shot : toward control booth . the man with the earphone on have he hand up ready to give the signal . he listen a moment , then abruptly drop he hand . Close - up : the man near the announcer throw he hand up as a signal to someone off scene . med. shot : a orchestra in a corner . the conductor wave he baton—and the orchestra blast out a dramatic fanfare . Close shot : announcer and JOHN . announcer hold he script up and the moment the music stop he speak dramatically . announcer ( rapid-fire ) and good evening , lady and gentleman . this be Kenneth frye , speak for the New bulletin . tonight we give you something entirely new and different . stand beside I be the young man who have declare publicly that on Christmas Eve he intend to commit suicide , give as he reason—quote : " I protest against the state of civilization . " end quote . lady and gentleman , the New bulletin take pleasure in present the man who be fast become the most talk - of person in the whole country , JOHN doe ! the man next to he wave he hand—there be a outburst of music . a flash : of ann—she look at JOHN intently . med. shot : Group around beany . they all applaud , except for mike and the colonel . mike , with he hand hang down , nudge the colonel . ? 626 ? Close shot : of they hand meeting and we see the envelope change hand . camera pan up to the colonel 's face which be twisted into a miserable grimace . Close - up : of JOHN . he glance around , uncertainly . Close shot : of mike and the colonel . mike elbow the colonel to throw he signal . the colonel look toward JOHN and nod he head . Close shot : of JOHN . he catch the colonel be signal and quickly he hand go to he pocket . just as he be about to bring it out , he hand pause . he turn and look at ann . Close - up : of ann . a warm , plead look in she eye . med. shot : around JOHN . he be still stare at ann , when the announcer reach over and nudge himepoint to the mike . JOHN snap out of ituturn he face to the mikempush the paper back in he pocket—and start read ann be speech . JOHN ( read speech ) lady and gentleman : I be the man you all know as John doe . ( clear he throat ) I take that name because it seem to describe—because it seem to describe ( he voice unnatural ) the average man , and that 's I . ( repeat , embarrassedly ) and that 's I . med. shot : the colonel and mike . the colonel realize JOHN be not go to make spencer be speech , and he face break into a broad grin . he take mike' hand and slap the envelope into he palm . over the shot we hear JOHN be voice . john' voice well , it be me—before I say I be gonna jump off the City Hall roof at midnight on Christmas Eve . now , I guess I be not average any more . now , I be get all sort of attention , from big shot , too . med. shot : to include JOHN and ann . med. shot : around spencer , as mike enter to he and hand he envelope . mike ( whisper ) we have be double - cross ! spencer stare at the envelope , froth at the mouth . spencer we have !? ? 627 ? med. shot : feature JOHN and ann . JOHN the Mayor and the Governor , for instance . they do not like that article I have be write . suddenly they be startle by spencer 's voice . spencer' voice you be a imposter , young fella ! that 's a pack of lie you be tell ! Quick flash : of reaction from audience , connell and other . spencer who write that speech for you ? ( point accuse finger at JOHN ) connell beany , get that guy ! med. shot : around spencer . it be as far as he get . several attendant , beany among they , have reach he and start throw he out . cut to : int. D. B. norton 's study : med. shot : D. B. and ted sheldon be listen to JOHN 's speech over the radio . D. B. be astonished at the disturbance in the program . D. B. ( recognize the voice ) that 's Spencer ! cut to : int. broadcasting stage : Close shot : of announcer . m.c. lady and gentleman , the disturbance you just hear be cause by someone in the audience who try to heckle Mr. doe . the speech will continue . med. shot : feature JOHN and ann . JOHN well , people like the Governor ( laughing—ad lib ) people like the Governor and that fella there can—can stop worry . I be not gonna talk about they . ann smile admiringly . Close - up : of JOHN . he be become strangely absorb in what he be say . ? 628 ? JOHN I be gonna talk about we , the average guy , the John do . if anybody should ask you what the average John doe be like , you could not tell he because he 's a million and one thing . he 's Mr. Big and Mr. small . he 's simple and he 's wise . he 's inherently honest , but he 's get a streak of larceny in he heart . he seldom walk up to a public telephone without shove he finger into the slot to see if somebody leave a nickel there . Close - up : of ann . her eye be glue on JOHN . john' voice he 's the man the ad be write for . he 's the fella everybody sell thing to . he 's Joe doak , [ 8 ] the world 's great stooge and the world 's great strength . ( clear throat ) yes , sir . yessir , we be a great family , the John do . we be the meek who be , er , suppose to inherit the earth . you will find we everywhere . we raise the crop , we dig the mine , work the factory , keep the book , fly the plane and drive the buss ! and when a cop yell : " stand back there , you ! " he mean we , the John do ! cut to : int. D. B. 's study : med. shot : D. B. and ted listen near the radio . ted 's eye flash angrily . ted well , what kind of a speech be that ? do not you read it ? D. B. stop he with a gesture of he hand . he do not want to miss a word . cut to : int. broadcasting stage : med. shot : toward JOHN . JOHN we have exist since time begin . we build the pyramid , we see Christ crucify , pull the oar for Roman emperor , sail the boat for Columbus , retreat from Moscow with napoleon and froze with Washington at Valley Forge ! ( gasp ) yes , sir . we have be in there dodging leave hook since before history begin to walk ! in we struggle for freedom we have hit the canvas many a time , but we always bounce back ! med. shotupan : around audience—to get a variety of interested face . john' voice because we be the people —and we be tough ! Close - up : of JOHN . ? 629 ? JOHN they have start a lot of talk about free people go soft—that we can not take it . that 's a lot of hooey ! . . . a free people can beat the world at anything , from war to tiddle - de-wink , if we all pull in the same direction ! med. shot : to include radio announcer and other radio official . they interest center on JOHN . JOHN I know a lot of you be say " what can I do ? I be just a little punk . I do not count . " well , you be dead wrong ! the little punk have always count because in the long run the character of a country be the sum total of the character of its little punk . int. D. B. 's study . med. shot. D. B. 's expression of disturbance have vanish . it be now replace by one of thoughtfulness and interest . he look off toward the foyer , and impulsively go in that direction . cut to : int. foyer . med. shot : D. B. cross to a pantry door and push the swinging door open slightly . int. pantry : med. shot : all we can see through the slightly open door be one side of the room . cluster around the radio on a table be all the household help . they listen , fascinate . int. foyer : closeup of D. B. his eye begin to brighten with a idea . meantime , over the forego shot , JOHN 's voice have continue . john' voice but we have all get to get in there and pitch ! we can not win the old ball game unless we have team work . and that 's where every John doe come in ! it 's up to he to get together with he teammate ! cut to : int. broadcasting station : med. shot : closeup : of JOHN . JOHN and you teammate , my friend , be the guy next door to you . you neighbor ! he 's a terribly important guy , that guy next door ! you be gonna need he and he 's gonna need you . . . so look he up ! if he 's sick , call on he ! if he 's hungry , feed he ! if he 's out of a job , find he one ! to most of you , you neighbor be a stranger , a guy with a bark dog , and a high fence around he . med. shot : somewhere in audience . ? 630 ? john' voice now , you can not be a stranger to any guy that 's on you own team . so tear down the fence that separate you , tear down the fence and you will tear down a lot of hate and prejudice ! tear down all the fence in the country and you will really have teamwork ! med. shot : around beany and the lug . they , too , be interested . john' voice I know a lot of you be say to yourselves : " he 's ask for a miracle to happen . he 's expect people to change all of a sudden . " well , you be wrong . it 's no miracle . it 's no miracle because I see it happen once every year . and so do you . at Christmas time ! there 's something swell about the spirit of Christmas , to see what it do to people , all kind of people . . . Close - up : of ann . her eye go from JOHN to the audience—as she watch they reaction . full shot : shoot toward audience over JOHN 's shoulder . JOHN now , why can not that spirit , that same warm Christmas spirit last the whole year round ? gosh , if it ever do , if each and every John doe would make that spirit last three hundred and sixty - five day out of the year , we would develop such a strength , we would create such a tidal wave of good will , that no human force could stand against it . Close - up : of JOHN . he have become visibly affect by the speech himself . JOHN yes , sir , my friend , the meek can only inherit the earth when the John do start loving they neighbor . you would better start right now . do not wait till the game be call on account of darkness ! wake up , John doe ! you be the hope of the world ! he have finished—but do not move . he drop he head to conceal the moisture in he eye . Close - up : of ann . she , too , remain seat . her moist eye rivete on JOHN . med. long shot : of audience . there be no outburst of applause . all continue to stare forward , emotionally touch . med. shot : of ann . she run over to John . ann John ! you be wonderful ! med. shot : of the audience . they too realize it be over—and gradually they rise and applaud he wildly , and the radio station ring with cheer . ? 631 ? med. shot : JOHN and ann . JOHN stare at ann , then turn to colonel . JOHN ( as he reach colonel ) let 's get out of here . they exit through the door at which the colonel have be on guard . colonel now you be talk ! med. shot : at side door . the colonel open it , and a little crowd of autograph hound wait for JOHN . colonel gangway , you heelot ! they push they way to a taxi wait at the curb . Close - up : of ann . she stare at they leave , follow and try to stop they , but she effort be unsuccessful . dissolve to : ext. under a bridge : med. shot : JOHN and the colonel be in a secluded spot . the light of the city can be see in the distance . the colonel be building a fire . colonel I know you would wake up sooner or later ! Boy , be I glad we get out of that mess . Close - up : of JOHN . he reach around and pull he pitcher 's glove out of he back pocket , and start pound he fist into it . JOHN I have that five thousand buck sew up ! could have be on my way to old Doc Brown ! ( imitate Ann ) " you be a pitcher , John , " she say , " now go in there and pitch ! ( self - beratingly ) what a sucker ! wider shot : to include the colonel , who have quite a mound of twig build , under which he light a match . colonel yeah , she 's a heelot just like the rest of they . it 's lucky you get away from she . JOHN what be I doin ' up there makin ' a speech , anyway ? me? huh ? gee , the more I think about it the more I could . . . colonel tear down all the fence . why , if you tore one picket off of you neighbor 's fence he would sue you ! JOHN five thousand buck ! I have it right in my hand ! dissolve to : int. d.b. 's study : Close - up : d.b. on telephone . ? 632 ? d.b. what do you mean , he run away ? well , go after he ! find he ! that man be terrific ! dissolve to : ext. a box car ( process ) . Close shot : of JOHN and the colonel . they play a duet on they instrument . fade out : fade in : ext. a small town street—day : med. shot : as JOHN and the colonel come from around a corner . camera pan with they as they enter " Dan 's beanery " . int. dan 's beanery : full shot : they enter and flop down on stool . half a dozen other customer be present . med. shot : kid dance to phonograph . colonel jitterbugs . [ 9 ] Close shot : JOHN and the colonel . JOHN yeh . say , how much money we get leave ? colonel four bit . JOHN better make it doughnut , huh ? colonel yeh . dan what will it be , gent ? JOHN have you get a coupla steak about that big and about that thick ? ( measure ) colonel er , yeh , with hash - brown potato and tomato and—and apple pie and ice cream and coffee— dan and doughnut ! I know . hey , ma! sinker , a pair ! ma' voice sinker , a pair , come up . colonel glad he take the " T " out of that . JOHN ( see something offunudge the Colonel ) hey look ! ? 633 ? Long shot : shoot from they view through the store window . in the street outside , a delivery wagon be pass . on its side be a sign read " join the JOHN doe club " . int. dan 's beanery : Close - up : JOHN and the colonel . colonel join the John doe Club . JOHN John doe Club ? Close shot : of the waiter stand near the coffee urn . from back of it he have take a local paper—on the front page of which be JOHN 's picture . the waiter look at it and then turn he head to JOHN . two shot : JOHN and the colonel . they turn and see the waiter watch they peculiarly . colonel oh-oh . wider shot . as the waiter approach they . waiter be you John doe ? JOHN lower he head . colonel who ? waiter ( point to paper ) John doe . colonel you need glass , buddy . waiter well , he 's the spittin ' image of— colonel yeah , but he name 's willoughby . dan oh ! JOHN Long John willoughby . ( take glove out of pocket ) I be a baseball player . colonel sure . dan ( eye brighten ) oh , no . I would know that voice anywhere . you can not kid I ! you be John doe ! hey , ma! ma ! that 's John doe ! ? 634 ? John doe ? dan yeah . sitting right there , big as life . customer who would you say it be ? dan John doe ! the big guy there ! picture 's in the paper ! JOHN give the colonel the office and they hastily exit . several customer , who have gather around , now evince interest . dan identify JOHN as JOHN doe , and the people follow JOHN out into the street . dan hastily seize the phone . dan hey , Operator ? Dan 's beanery . look . call everybody in town . John doe be just in my place . yeh . he order doughnut . Long shot : shoot out of window toward street . we see JOHN and the colonel as they hurry away , be follow by the crowd which be gradually grow larger . . . as we see people crossing the street to get to they '' townspeople there he be ! John doe ! there he be ! come on ! gotta see John doe ! dissolve to : ext. sidewalk : med. shot : millville City Hall . the sidewalk be crowded with people . that near the entrance be try to force they way in . mayor hawkins guard the door . mayor hawkins I know , you all vote for I and you be all anxious to see John doe . we be all neighbor , but my office be pack like a sardine box . girl what do John doe look like , Mr. Mayor . mayor hawkins oh , he 's one of that great big outdoor type of man . no , you can not see he . mayor notice one member of the crowd particularly . mayor hawkins you do not vote for I the last time . shame on you—get off my front porch ! ( turn ) Mr. norton come yet ? what 's keep he ? he should of be here fifteen minute ago . oh , there he come now . now , everybody on you dignity . do not do anything to disgrace we . this be a little town , but we gotta show off . ? 635 ? wider shot : of curb . from off - scene we hear the wail of siren , and as the crowd on the sidewalk turn they see two motorcycle cop drive in , follow by a limousine . two shot : ann and D. B. ann better let I talk to he . D. B. all right , but present it to he as a great cause for the common man . ann nod as they start toward building . camera pan with they as the cop break through the curious mob . med. shot : mayor hawkins endeavor to assist they . mayor hawkins ah , here he come ! give he room down there ! give he room , folk ! how do you do , Mr. norton ! I be the Mayor '' cop ( to Mayor ) come back here ! mayor hawkins ( to cop ) let I go , you dern fool ! I be the Mayor ! Mr. norton ! I be Mayor hawkins . you office telephone I to hold he . int. City Hall : med. shot : as they walk toward mayor be office . D. B. ( to Mayor hawkins ) well , that 's fine . how be he ? mayor oh , he 's fine . he 's right in my office there . you know , this be a great honor have John doe here , and you too . have not have so much excitement since the old city hall burn down . ( chuckle ) people be so excited , they nearly tore he clothes off . ( turn to secretary ) oh , Matilda darling , phone the newspaper . tell they Mr. norton be here . step right inside , Mr. norton—my office be very comfortable here , Mr. norton . just have it air-condition . gangway , please . make room for Mr. norton . gangway , gangway . here he be , Mr. norton , well take care of . the neighbor be serve he a light lunch . int. mayor 's office . full shot : JOHN and the colonel be surround by a room full of people , include the sheriff in full uniform and several policeman . JOHN sit at the mayor be desk , which be fill with edible . d.b. , ann and the mayor enter . JOHN , upon see ann , get to he foot . ? 636 ? ann hello , John . JOHN hello . D. B. mister Mayor , if you do not mind , we would like to talk to he alone . mayor why , certainly , certainly . all right , everybody , clear out . they all start to shuffle out—the mayor excitedly egging they on . mayor' wife quit push . mayor do not argue with I here . wait till we get home . wife do not you push I around like that ! even though I be you wife , you can not push I around '' mayor ohhhh ! they all shuffle out , and d.b. shut the door . JOHN watch he , do not like he proprietary manner . JOHN look , Mr. norton , I think you have get a lot of nerve have that people hold we here . D. B. there 's nobody hold you here , Mr. doe . ( laugh ) it 's only natural that people— JOHN well , if there 's nobody hold we here , let 's get go . incidentally , my name be not doe . it 's willoughby . ann ( get in front of himeplead ) look , John . something terribly important 's happen . they be form John doe club . we know of eight already and they say that there 's go '' JOHN ( interested despite himself ) John doe club ? what for ? ann uh-huh . to carry out the principle you talk about in you radio speech . ? 637 ? JOHN ( regains he former attitude ) I do not care what they be form . I be on my way and I do not like the idea of be stop either . ann oh , but you do not know how big this thing be . you should see the thousand of telegram we have receive and what they be say about you . JOHN look , it start as a circulation stunt , do not it ? ann uh-huh . . . JOHN well , you get you circulation . now , why do not you let I alone ? ann oh , it start as a circulation stunt , but it be not any more . Mr. norton want to get back of it and sponsor John doe club all over the country . he want to send you on a lecture tour . JOHN I ? ann uh-huh . D. B. why , certainly . with you ability to influence people , it might grow into a glorious movement . JOHN say , let 's get something straight here . I do not want any part of this thing . if you have get a idea I be go around lecture to people , why you be crazy ! Baseball 's my racket , and I be stick to it . come on , Colonel , let 's get out of here . ann John ! the beam colonel start to follow he to the door . when they get there , the door suddenly fly open and a crowd of townspeople push they way in—with the mayor and the sheriff try to hold they back . mayor please , please ! I just get rid of one crowd . woman oh , but please . Mr. Mayor , tell he the John doe Club want to talk to he . Close - up : of D. B. he get a idea . this people might influence JOHN . ? 638 ? D. B. let they in , Mr. Mayor . let they come in . full shot : as the mayor and the sheriff back away . mayor okay , folk , but remember you manners . no stampede . walk slow , like you do when you come to pay you tax . med. shot : of the group . they shuffle forward grin happily . that in the rear rise on tiptoe for a better look . the man doff they hat as they come forward . med. shot : of JOHN , the colonel , ann and d.b. John glance around nervously . the colonel be worried . med. shot : of the townspeople . they just stand there , awkwardly , some grin sheepishly , other stare at JOHN . finally someone nudge a young man in the foreground and whisper . someone come on , bert . bert okay . all right , give I a chance . woman ( make room for he ) come right in . wider shot : as the group around JOHN wait expectantly . bert ( clear throat ) my name 's bert hansen , Mr. doe , I be the head soda jerker at schwabacher 's drug store . Close shot : of bertuas he plunge into he story . bert well , sir , you see , I and my wife , we hear you broadcast , and we get quite a bang out of it , especially my wife . wider shot : to include JOHN and the other . bert kept I up half the night say " that man 's right , honey . the trouble with the world is—nobody give a hoot about he neighbor . that 's why everybody in town 's sore and cranky at each other . " and I keep say , " well , that 's fine , but how 's a guy gonna go around loving the kind of neighbor we get ? Old sourpuss for instance ! " ( laugh ) you see , sourpuss smither be a guy who life all alone next door to we . he 's a cranky old man and run a second -hand furniture store . we have not speak to he for year . I always figure he be a ornery old go that hate the world cause he be always slamm he garage door and play the radio so loud he keep half the neighbor up . ( laugh ) ? 639 ? Close - up : of bert . bert well , anyway , the next morning I be out water the lawn and I look over and there 's sourpuss on the other side of the hedge straighten out a dent in he fender and , er , my wife yell to I out of the window . she say , " go on . speak to he , bert . " and I figure , well , heck , I can not lose anything—so I yell over to he " good morning , Mr. smither . " he go right on pound he fender , and be I burn ! so I turn around to give my wife a dirty look and she say , " louder , louder . he do not hear you . " so , in a voice you could of hear in the next county , I yell . " good morning , Mr. smither ! " med. shot : feature JOHN and bert . JOHN be very interested . bert well , sir , you coulda knock I over with a feather . Old sourpuss turn around surprised like , and he put on a big smile , come over and take my hand like a old lodge brother , and he say . " good morning , hansen . I have be want to talk to you for year , only I think you do not like I . " and then he start chat away like a happy little kid , and he get so excited he eye begin waterin ' up . med. shot : of a group of neighbor . they smile sympathetically . bert voice well , Mr. doe , before we get through , I find out smither be a swell egg , only he 's pretty deaf , and that account for all the noise . wider shot : to include bert , JOHN and other . bert and he say it 's a shame how little we know about we neighbor , and then he get a idea , and he say , " how 's about invite everybody some place where we can all get together and know each other a little better ? " well , I be feel so good by this time , I be ripe for anything . Close shot : of ann and D. B. they listen , amused and excited . bert so smither go around the neighborhood invite everybody to a meeting at the school house and I tell everybody that come in the store , include Mr. schwabacher , my boss . ( laugh ) oh , I be talk too much . med. shot : JOHN and bert . ? 640 ? bert well , I will be doggone if over forty people do not show up . ' course none of we know what to do , but we sure get a kick out of see how glad everybody be just to say hello to one another . bert wife tell he about make sourpuss chairman , honey . bert oh , yeah . we make sourpuss chairman and decide to call ourselves the John doe Club . and , say , incidentally , this be my wife . come here , honey . his wife come forward and stand beside he . bert this be my wife , Mr. doe . mrs . hansen nod she head shyly—and JOHN acknowledge the introduction by a half wave of he hand . wife how do you do , Mr. doe . . . er , sourpuss be here , too . bert ( turn around ) oh , be he ? wife ( point ) uh-huh . med. shot : of a group around sourpuss . he be as describe , except when he smile , he whole face warm up . that around he push he forward . at first he look bewilder , then , understanding , he start toward bert , grin sheepishly . med. shot : around bertuas sourpuss come forward . bert this be sourpuss . er , excuse I . er , Mr. smither , Mr. doe . sourpuss th—that 's all right . if you do not call I sourpuss , it would not feel natural . ( laugh ) there be snicker from the background . bert well , anyway , i—i guess nearly everybody in the neighborhood come , except the delaney . the delaney live in a big house with a iron fence around it and they always keep they blind draw , and we always figure that he be just a old miser that sit back count he money , so why bother about invite he ? until grime , the milkman speak up and he say , " say , you have get the delaney all wrong . " and then he tell ? 641 ? we about how they cancel they milk last week , and how , when he find a note in the bottle he get kinda curious like and he sorta peek in under the blind and find the house empty . " if you ask I , " he say , " they be starve . " sourpuss Old man delaney have be bring he furniture over to my place at night , one piece at a time , and sell it . Close shot : of JOHN . profoundly impressed by this . wider shot : bert clear he throat . bert yeah . and , well , sir , a half a dozen of we run over there to fetch they and we get they to the meeting . what a reception they get . why , everybody shook hand with they and make a fuss over they , and , well , finally , Mr. and Mrs. delaney just sit right down and cry . he smile , embarrassed , and JOHN , as well as the other , clear they throat . sourpuss and then we start to find out about a lot of other people . bert yeah , sure . er , you know grubbel , for instance . bert wife grubbel 's here . see ? ( point ) bert yeah . that 's—that 's he . of course , you do not know grubbel , but he 's the man that everybody figure be the worst no - account in the neighborhood because he be live like a hermit and nobody would have anything to do with he . er , that be until Murphy , the postman tell we the truth . " why , grubbel , " he say , " he life out of garbage can because he will not take charity . because it would ruin he self - respect , " he say . bert wife just like you say on the radio , Mr. doe . sourpuss well , sir , about a dozen family get together and give grubbel a job water they lawn . be not that wonderful ? and then we find job for six other people and they have all go off relief ! bert yeh . er , and my boss , Mr. schwabacker make a job in he warehouse for old man delaney '' ? 642 ? wife and he give you that five dollar raise . bert yeah ! be not that swell ! ( laugh ) med. shot : around mayor hawkins . he step forward . mayor why , bert , I feel slighted . I would like to join but nobody ask I . med. shot : around bert and sourpuss . sourpuss well , I be sorry , Mayor , but we vote that no politician could join . bert wife just the John do of the neighborhood . Cause you know how politician be . ( become embarrassed ) Close - up : of the mayor—completely deflate . sourpuss yeah . . . med. shot : around JOHN . as they smile , amused at the mayor be discomfiture . med. shot : around bert . he look over at JOHN , hesitates a moment , and then speak . bert well , er , the reason we want to tell you this , Mr. doe , be to give you a idea what you start . and from where I be sit , I do not see any sense in you jump off any building . group no ! sourpuss no ! bert well , thank you for listen . Goodbye , Mr. doe . you be a wonderful man and it strike I you can be mighty useful walk around for a while . Close - up : of JOHN . deeply touch . shift awkwardly , unable to say anything . med. shot : as D. B. and ann watch he face to see the effect . group well , goodbye . sourpuss Goodbye Mr. doe. ? 643 ? bert have turn to go , and the rest follow suit . they all shuffle silently out . med. shot : of a old couple who remain look up at JOHN , as that around they leave . the old lady take the old man' arm and start toward JOHN . camera pan with they until they reach he . old lady I be Mrs. delaney , Mr. doe . . . and God bless you , my boy . ( she gently kiss he hand ) the two old people leave . Close - up : of JOHN . he swallow a lump in he throat . he watch the old people until they have leave , then with a quick glance at he hand—and self - consciously in front of the other , stuff he hand into he pocket . full shot : as they all watch he , without speak . JOHN run he hand through he hair , steal a fleeting glance at the other , and grin awkwardly . Close shot : of D. B. as he signal to the mayor and the sheriff , who have remain , to leave . med. shot : of the mayor and the sheriff , who receive the signal and discreetly exit . full shot : they wait for JOHN to speak , but JOHN begin walk around , profoundly thoughtful . Close - up : of the colonel watch he , concerned . two shot : of D. B. and ann . they eye glue on he , expectantly . full shot : JOHN still pace , disturb by clash emotion . he stop , glance at the door , a soft , thoughtful expression in he eye . then , as he think shift , he run he leave hand over he pitching arm . JOHN gee , whiz—I be all mix up '' I do not get it . look , all that swell people think I be gonna jump off a building or something . he look toward the door . JOHN I never have any such idea . gosh ! a fella would have to be a mighty fine example himself to go around tell other people how to '' say , look , what happen the other night be on account of miss Mitchell , here . she write the stuff . ann walk over to JOHN . two shot : ann and JOHN . she face he , look up into he face . ? 644 ? ann do not you see what a wonderful thing this can be ? ( softly ) but we need you , John . Close - up : of the colonel . he stare at JOHN , see he weaken , and grimace disgustedly . wider shot : the colonel watch JOHN as he continue to turn it over in he mind . colonel ( suddenly ) you be hook ! I can see that right now . they all look up , startle . colonel they get you . well , I be through . ( cross to doorustop , turn ) for three year I have be try to get you up to the Columbia River country . first , it be you glass arm . then it be the radio . and now it 's the John doe club . well , I be not wait another minute . he open the door and when he see the townspeople still gather outside , he yell to they . colonel gangway , you heelot ! he push he way out . JOHN ( call ) hey , Colonel ! wait a minute ! he start after the colonel , but when he get to the door , the townspeople surge toward he and block he way . JOHN hey , Colonel ! crowd oh , please , Mr. doe— Close - up : of JOHN . JOHN ( call futilely ) hey , Colonel ! he try to peer over the head of the townspeople who go on chatter . there be a trap look on JOHN 's face . two shot : D. B. and ann . they exchange victorious glance : dissolve to : int. office of headquarters . Close shot : of large map of the U.S. over the top of which we read : " John doe club . " there be a dozen peg scattered over the map , indicate where the club be . we hear D. B. 's voice . camera draw back and we find D. B. talk to a group of man in front of he . ? 645 ? D. B. I want you personally to go along with John doe and miss Mitchell and handle the press and the radio . charlie ( a experience promoter ) I ? D. B. yes . I do not want to take any chance . and Johnson ? johnson yes. D. B. D. B. you crew will do the mop up job . they will follow John doe into every town , see that the club be properly organize and the charter issue . charlie right . D. B. there be only eight flag up there now . I want to see that map cover before we get through ! med. shot : D. B. be still speak as camera move down to the map again , which constantly remain a background for the montage follow . as the montage proceed , peg begin to appear in abundance on the map . a montage : accompany by a fanfare of music . 1 . flashes of banner read : " JOHN doe coming " '' " JOHN doe tonight " " goodbye JOHN doe , call again " 2 . Close -up of JOHN speak '' superimpose over long shot of audience of various type . 3 . flashes of ann type . 4 . flashes of sheet of paper be rip out of a typewriter . 5 . flashes of JOHN on the radio—with ann by he side . 6 . flashes of people listen . 7 . flashes of people applaud . 8 . Series of sign be nail up : " JOHN doe club '' be a better neighor . " 9 . superimpose shot of JOHN and ann riding in train , plane and automobile . 10 . against stock shot of this city , the name zoom up to the fore - ground of Kansas City , Chicago , buffalo , Washington , Baltimore , Philadelphia , New York . 11 . superimpose map over the above title , show the state they be in be cover with peg . 12 . a picture of JOHN doe on front page of time magazine , with a caption under it read : " man of the hour . " ? 646 ? 13 . Conference room . speaker this have be grow like wildfire ! if they only make demand , but the John do ask for nothing ! 14 . a man sit at a desk on which be a nameplate read : " relief administrator . " man people be go off relief ! if this keep up , I will be out of a job ! 15 . stock shot—of Capitol Hill . 16 . corner of a club smoking room . a group of legislators—some sit—some stand . the room be fill with smoke . man as soon as he get strong enough , we will find out what John doe want ! thirty every thursday—sixty at sixty '' who know what ! 17 . insert : sign read : democratic headquarters . a man report to the boss behind the desk . man I be sorry , boss . they just will not let anybody talk politics to they . it 's , it 's crazy . 18 . insert : sign read : republican headquarters . a man at a desk talk to several in front of he . man we have get to get to they ! they represent million of voter ! dissolve to : insert : of map . nearly every state in the union have peg in they , vary in volume . camera pull back and we find the map be on a stand near a door , the sign on which we see in reverse . it read : " office of JOHN doe headquarters . " int. JOHN doe headquarters . med. shot : d.b. stand behind he desk , speak to a group of people in front of he . we recognize the mayor , and the President of the chamber of commerce . Representatives of several other branch of the City administration be also present . connell sit near D. b.usccrutinize he thoughtfully . on the other side of D. B. be ted sheldon . D. B. I tell you , lady and gentleman , this thing have be nothing short of a prairie fire . we have receive so many application for charter to the John doe club we have not be able to take care of they . mayor lovett I would hate to have that many pin stick in I ! Group laugh . D. B. this John doe convention be a natural . it 's gonna put we city on the map . why , over twentyfour hundred John doe club be send delegate . can you imagine that ? you , Mr. Mayor , will be the official host . you will make the arrangement for decorate the city , parade and a reception for John doe when he get home ! and—do not wear you high hat ! ? 647 ? mayor lovett ( disappointed ) no high hat ? D. B. no high hat . and from you , connell , I want a special John doe edition every day until the convention be over . ( dismiss they ) and now , if you will please just step into the outer office and look you prettiest because there be photographer there to take picture of this committee . they start to exit . the mayor be full of excitement . mayor do not worry , D. B. everything will be take care of ! D. B. good . committee woman be not it all too wonderful ? the group , chatter , exit into outer office . photographer' voice ( from the outer office ) oh , Mr. Mayor , would you step right in the front row , please ? will you lady get close to he ? that 's it ! Close - up : of connell . to inter - cut with above speech . he have be watch D. b.—deeply disturb about something . wider shot : all have leave except connell , ted , and d.b. connell rise from he chair—with a deep sigh . connell ( shaking he head ) well , I do not get it . D. B. huh ? get what ? connell look , D. B. I be suppose to know my way around . this John doe movement cost you a fortune . this convention 's gonna cost plenty . D. B. ( annoyed ) well ? connell well , I be stick with two and two—but I be a sucker if I can make four out of it . ( cock he head ) where do you come in ? D. B. why—uh— ( suddenly smile ) why , I will have the satisfaction of know that my money have be spend for a worthy cause . ? 648 ? Close - up : of connell . he stare at D. B. a moment . he realize he have be tell to mind he own business . two shot : connell pick up he hat . connell I see . I would better stick to run the paper , huh ? D. B. I think maybe you would better . and connell— I would like to have the John doe contract , all the receipt for the money we have advanced he and the letter miss Mitchell write , for which I give she a thousand dollar . connell yes. sure . connell leave . dissolve to : int. a hotel live room—night . full shot : ann 's luggage be pack and ready to be take out . she stand near a desk stuff papers into a manuscript case . she seem lose in worried think . the door open as charlie , high pressure exploitation man , enter . charlie well , we leave for the airport in half a hour . be that johnny -boy 's room ? I would better hustle he up ! ann he will be ready on time . he 's pack now . charlie ah , good ! ( cross to Ann ) do you see he picture on the cover of time ? ann yeah . charlie drop the magazine on the desk in front of she . ann glance at it , unenthusiastically . charlie go to a table where there be several bottle of coca- cola and start to pour himself a drink . charlie I gotta give you credit , annie-girl . I have handle a good many big promotion in my time . . . everything from the world 's fair to a channel swimmer , but this one have certainly get I spin . and now a John doe Convention ! wow ! say ! if you could only get he to jump off the City Hall roof on Christmas Eve , I would guarantee you half a million people there . ann Charlie ! ann be lose in troubled think . charlie' voice huh ? ann ( nod toward door ) what do you make of he ? ? 649 ? two shot : charlie and ann . charlie who , johnny-boy ? ann nod . charlie well , I do not know what angle you want , but I will give it to you quick . number one , he 's get great yokel appeal ; but he 's a nice guy . number two , he 's beginning to believe he really write that original suicide letter that you make up . number three , he think that you be Joan of Arc or something ! Close - up : of ann . this be definitely troublesome to she . ann ( hoarsely ) yeah , I know . wider shot : ann walk away'pace perturbedly . charlie number four , well , you know what number four be . he 's nut about you . yeah , it 's run out of he ear . ann run she hand through she hair . suddenly she wheel around to charlie . ann you leave out number five . we be all heel , I especially . she return to she pack . charlie watch she a second . charlie Holy smoke ! they be interrupt by a knock on the door . ann ( call ) come in . JOHN enter , carry a suitcase . JOHN I be all pack . charlie ( start out ) good . I will go and get beany-boy . JOHN ( kid he ) okay , charlie-boy ! ? 650 ? charlie huh ? ( laugh ) [ 10 ] charlie wink good - naturedly and exit . JOHN turn to ann , who concentrate on she pack . med. shot : he look at ann with great interest , and walk toward she , camera pan with he . ann feel he come , but do not turn . JOHN ( after a pause ) can I help you pack ? ann no , thank you . JOHN wander over to a chair and sit on the edgeuwching she . Close - up : of ann . she be conscious of he eye on she and fumble with she pack . finally she turn . Close - up : of JOHN . he stare at she , a warm smile on he face . Close - up : of ann . she become self - conscious and resume she pack . med. shot : JOHN . JOHN do you care if I sit down out here ? ann no . a broad smile appear on JOHN be face . JOHN ( laugh ) you know , I have a crazy dream last night . it be about you . ann about I ? JOHN ( laugh ) sure be crazy . I dreamt I be you father . Close - up : of ann . the fact that he have see himself in the image of she father disturb she . she turn slowly . two shot : JOHN clear he throat nervously . JOHN there be , there be something I be try to stop you from do . so , er , so I get up out of bed and I walk right through the wall here , right straight into you room . ( laugh ) you know how dream be . ann stare at him—fearful of the trend he dream be take . ? 651 ? JOHN and there you be in bed . ( quickly apologize ) but you— you be a little girl . you know—about ten . he pause and recall the scene . JOHN and very pretty , too . so , I shook you , and the moment you open you eye , you hop out of bed and start run like the devil , in you nightgown . you run right out the window there . and you run out over the top of building and roof and everything for mile , and I be chase you . ( laugh ) and all the time you be run you keep grow bigger and bigger and bigger—and pretty soon you be as big as you be now . you know— grow up . and all the time I keep ask myself , " what be I chase she for ? " and I do not know . ( laugh ) be not that a hot one ? well , anyway , you run into some place , and then Iran in after you and—and when I get there , there you be get marry . Close - up : of JOHN . he suddenly become aware he be tread on sensitive grounds . JOHN ( awkwardly ) and the nightgown have change into a beautiful wedding gown . you sure look pretty , too . ( laugh ) and then I know what it be I be try to stop you from do . Close - up : of ann . she , too , begin to feel uncomfortable— not quite know how to handle it . two shot : JOHN glance at she . JOHN dream be sure crazy , be not they ? ann smile , noncommittedly . JOHN well , would you like to know who it be you be marrying ? ann ( force lightness ) well , a tall handsome ubangi , I suppose . JOHN no , not that bad . it be a fella that send you flower every day . er , what 's he name ? Mr. norton 's nephew . ? 652 ? Close - up : of ann . she recognize the significance in this . ann ( quietly ) Ted sheldon . JOHN yeah , that 's the one . ann turn back to she pack . wider shot : JOHN start to chuckle . JOHN but here 's the funniest part of it all . I be the fella up there do the marrying . you know , the justice of the peace or something . . . ann you be ? I think you be chase I ? JOHN well , yes , I be . but I be you father then , see ? but the real I , John doe , er , that be , Long John willoughby , I be the fellow up there with the book . you know what I mean ? ann ( amused ) I guess so . then what happen ? JOHN well , I take you across my knee and I start spanking you . ann turn and stare at he , eye widen . JOHN ( quickly explain ) that be , I do not do it . ( correct himself ) I mean , I do do it , but it be not I . you see , I be you father then . well , I laid you across my knee and I say : " Annie , I will not allow you to marry a man that 's , that 's just rich , or that have he secretary send you flower . the man you marry have get to swim river for you ! he 's get to climb high mountain for you ! he 's get to slay dragon for you ! he 's get to perform wonderful deed for you ! yes , sir ! " beany enter and stand back of he , listen . JOHN and all the time , er , the guy up there , you know , with the book , I , just stand there nodd he head and he say , " go to it , pop , whack she one for I , because that 's just the way I feel about it , too . " so he say , " come on down here and whack she yourself . " so I come down and I whacked you a good one , see ? and then he whacked one—and I whacked you another one , and we both start whack you like . . . ? 653 ? he demonstrate by slapping he knee , first with one hand and then with the other . suddenly he become aware of beany and stop , embarrassed . beany ( interrupt ) well , if you be through whack she , come on , let 's get go . ( to bell boy ) okay , fellow , right in here . ( to JOHN ) you go out the side entrance . there 's a bunch of autograph seeker out front . we will be down with the bag in a minute . come on ! ( speak to boy ) do not make a government project out of this ! the bell boy have lift she luggage and all exit . Close - up : of JOHN . he have be leave with he proposal unfinish . dissolve to : int. airport lunchroom—night . med. shot : scene open with beany enter airport lunchroom to end of counter at which charlie be seat . charlie how're you , beany ? beany when do we plane take off again . charlie in a couple of minute . camera move down counter to pick up JOHN and ann at table . they sit silently for a moment . we hear the strain of music from a " juke " box . JOHN ( after a pause ) how many people do you think we have talk to already , outside the radio , I mean ? ann I do not know . about three hundred thousand . JOHN Three hundred thousand ? what make they do it , Ann ? what make they come and listen and , and get up they John doe club the way they do ? I have be try to figure it out . ann ( in a effort to disillusion he ) look , john—what we be hand they be platitude . thing they have hear a million time : " Love thy neighbor , " " Cloud have silver lining , " " turn the other cheek . " it 's just a— ? 654 ? JOHN ( sincerely ) yeah , I have hear they a million time , too , but—there you be . maybe they be like I . just beginning to get a idea what that thing mean . ann be deeply concerned . she watch he , helplessly . JOHN ( continue ) you know , I never think much about people before . they be always just somebody to fill up the bleacher . the only time I worried about they be if they—is when they do not come in to see I pitch . you know , lately I have be watch they while I talk to they . I could see something in they face . I could feel that they be hungry for something . do you know what I mean ? ann nod . JOHN maybe that 's why they come . maybe they be just lonely and want somebody to say hello to . I know how they feel . I have be lonely and hungry for something practically all my life . ann force a smile . the moment threaten to become awkward—until they be save by the pilot 's voice . pilot all aboard , folk ! they suddenly snap out of they mood—and as they rise : fade out . fade in : int. D. B. 's dining room . full shot : as D. B. , ann and ted sheldon enter and cross to table . ann start to sit and notice a fur coat flung over the back of the chair . ann oh , somebody else sit there ? D. B. no , no , no—that 's you seat . ted and this be you coat . ann mine ? D. B. a little token of appreciation . Ann pause a moment , glance toward D. b.—while ted throw the coat over she shoulder . ? 655 ? ann ( glance into a mirror ) oh ! oh , it 's beautiful , D. B. well '' I do not quite know what to say . . . D. B. well , do not say anything at all . just sit down . Close - up : of ann . she sit down , pick up she serviette—and something she see suddenly make she look with surprise at D. B. camera pan down to a jewel box which have be under the serviette . camera pan back to ann . she glance up at D. B. somewhat bewilder . ann oh ! D. B. go ahead , open it , open it . ann open the box and hold up a lovely diamond bracelet . her eye dance . ann oh ! oh , it 's lovely ! ted and a new contract go with it . wider shot : D. B. and ted exchange satisfied glance . ann admire the bracelet on she wrist—and then turn to D. B. , look directly at he . ann ( shrewdly ) well , come on , spring it ! you have get something on you mind . D. B. laugh . ann must be stupendous . wider shot : as D. B. roar with laughter . D. B. you know , that 's what I like about she . right to the point , like that ! all right , practical Annie , here it be . he lean forward . ann wait . ted watch she face . two shot : ann and D. B. D. B. tomorrow night , before a crowd of fifteen thousand people , and talk over a nation - wide radio hook - up , John doe will announce the formation of a third party . ? 656 ? ann ( eye widen ) a third party ? D. B. yes . the John doe Party . wider shot : ted watch ann , expectantly . D. B. devote entirely to the interest of all the John do all over the country . which practically mean , ninety per cent of the voter . he will also announce the third party 's candidate for the presidency . a man whom he , personally , recommend . a great humanitarian ; the best friend the John do have . ann ( in a awed whisper ) Mr. D. B. norton ! D. B. verify she guess by lean back , a pleased grin on he face , he huge chest expand . D. B. yes . Ann look from one to the other , a little awed by the size of the project . ann ( on she breath ) wow ! dissolve to : int. broadcasting booth—ball park—night . med. shot : the place be a bee-hive of activity . announcer walk about with " mike " in they hands—all speak at oncema they describe the scene below . Close shot : of n.b.c . announcer n.b.c . announcer and although the open of the convention be hour off , the delegate be already pour into the ball park by the drove , with lunch basket , banner and petition , ask John doe not to jump off any roof . . . camera pan over to knox manning . knox manning it be still a phenomenal movement . the John do , or the hoi polloi as you have hear people call they , have be laugh at and ridicule but here they be , gay and happy , have travel thousand of mile , they expense pay by they neighbor , to come here to pay homage to they hero , John doe . camera pan over to JOHN B. hughes . ? 657 ? JOHN B. hughes and in this day of war and bombing , it 's a hopeful sign that a simple idea like this can sweep the country , a idea base on friendliness , on give and not take , on help you neighbor and ask nothing in return . and if a thing like this can happen , do not let any of we grumble friend tell you that humanity be fall apart . this be John B. Hughes , signing off now and return you to we main studio until nine o'clock when the convention will officially open . dissolve to : int. ann 's live room . med. shot : at door. ann 's mother open it and JOHN stand on the threshold . he have a small box of flower in he hand . Water drip from he hat . mrs . mitchell oh , John . come in . JOHN say , I be kinda—it 's raining out a little— mrs . mitchell that 's all right . wider shot : mrs . mitchell lay he hat down somewhere . John take a few step inside the room , not quite know what to do . mrs . mitchell ( turn to he ) it 's good to see you . sit down . JOHN ( mumble ) thanks . he sit on the edge of a sofa , still cling to the little box . then hold box out awkwardly . JOHN ( awkwardly ) it 's for Ann . . . mrs . mitchell ( take the box ) oh , how nice ! thank you very much . JOHN Flowers . mrs . mitchell I be terribly sorry she be not here . JOHN she be not ? mrs . mitchell no , she just leave . I be surprised you do not run into she . she go over to Mr. norton 's house . JOHN oh ! ? 658 ? mrs . mitchell do you want to see she about something important ? JOHN yeah . I , uh , well . . . no . it will wait . ( suddenly ) say , he 's a nice man , be not he ? Mr. norton , I mean . he 's , er , he 's do a awful lot for the— Close - up : of mrs . mitchell . she watch he , amused . JOHN say , my coat 's pretty wet . I be afraid I might have wet the couch a little . wider shot : JOHN be still struggle to find conversation . JOHN well , I guess I will see she at the convention later . mrs . mitchell yes , of course . I will see that she get the flower . he rise and look around for hat on the floor and back of the chair . JOHN thanks . good night , Mrs. Mitchell . mrs . mitchell ( find he hat and give it to he ) good night , John . Close - up : of JOHN . he start away and suddenly stop , speculatively . he glance out of the corner of he eye toward mrs . mitchell . JOHN ( go back to she ) say , Mrs. Mitchell , I , er , I be kinda glad Ann be not here . you see , I be , I come over here hope to see she alone and kinda hope I would not , too . you know what I mean ? there be something I want to talk to she about . but , well , i— it will wait , I guess . good night . Close - up : of mrs . mitchell . she begin to sense what be on he mind , and she face become serious . Close - up : of JOHN . he smile helplessly . start toward door . mrs . mitchell's voice good night , John . two shot : JOHN and mrs . mitchell . he stare at she a second . JOHN ( suddenly ) say , look , Mrs. Mitchell , have you ever be marry ? ? 659 ? ( catch himself ) oh , sure you have . ( grin sheepishly ) gosh ! that 's pretty silly ! I guess you must think I be kinda batty ! JOHN shake he head at he own stupidity . JOHN ( can not get over it ) well , I guess I would better be go at that ! he bow again , and start for the door . when he get there , he be stop by mrs . mitchell 's voice . mrs . mitchell's voice John . my husband say : " I love you . will you marry I ? " JOHN ( whirl ) he do ? what happen ? mrs . mitchell I marry he . JOHN come right back to she . two shot : JOHN and mrs . mitchell . JOHN ( full of excitement ) oh , yeah . that 's what I mean . see ? it be easy as all that , huh ? mrs . mitchell uh-huh . JOHN yeah , yeah , but look , Mrs. Mitchell , you know I love Ann and it 's gonna be awfully hard for I to say it because , well , you know , she 's so wonderful , and , well , the best I ever be be a bush - league pitcher . Close - up : of JOHN . JOHN and you know , I think she 's in love with another man , the one she make up . you know , the real John doe . well , that 's pretty tough competition . two shot : JOHN and mrs . mitchell . she be terribly fond of JOHN and deeply sympathetic . JOHN I bet you he would know how to say it all right . and I , I get up to it and around it and in back of it , but , but I never get right to it . do you know what I mean ? so the only chance I have get be , well , if somebody could kinda give she a warning sort of , sorta prepare she for the shock ! ? 660 ? mrs . mitchell you mean you would like I to do it , huh ? JOHN well , I be think that '' yeah , you know , sort of break the ice . Close - up of mother . she do not know how she can , with she present strain relationship with ann , but JOHN 's sincerity touch she . mother of course I will , John . two shot : JOHN 's face light up , gratefully . JOHN gee whiz ! thank you , Mrs. Mitchell . ( grab she hand ) gee , you ' re—uh—you be okay ! he exit from scene—but almost immediately he be back . he plant a kiss on she cheek and go . cut to : ext. sidewalk . Front of ann 's apartment . med. shot : a automobile stand at the curb , in front of which be beany . also wait , be four motorcycle policeman . beany ( to the other man ) this John doe meeting be gonna be one of the biggest thing that ever happen . as JOHN appear in the doorway of the apartment house , he pretend to throw a baseball at they . beany why , they be come from all over ; train , box car , wagon '' ( see JOHN ) look out ! med. shot : reverse angle . as beany hold the door open for JOHN . JOHN hello , bodyguard ! hey , have you dinner yet ? bodyguard not yet . JOHN well , look . no . go ahead and have you dinner . I 'll— he be about to enter the car when a voice from off - scene stop he . connell' voice wait a minute , John . camera pan over to a taxicab which have just drive in . connell hand the driver a bill and walk , rather unsteadily toward JOHN . med. shot : around beany 's car . connell amble into the scene . ? 661 ? JOHN hello , Mr. connell . connell hiyah , John . ( broad wink ) John , I want to have a little talk with you . ( lurch '' John hold he up ) what 's the matter—are you fall ? come here . take he arm to lead he off . beany ( protest ) hey , boss . connell oh , quiet , quiet , quiet . ( to John ) say , tell I something do you read that speech you be gonna make tonight ? JOHN no , I never read the speech before I make they . I get more of a kick out of it that way . connell ( wisely ) uh-huh . that 's exactly what I think . beany , go on down to the office , tell pop to give you the speech . there 's a copy on my desk . beany ( protest ) gee whiz , boss , you know Mr. norton tell I not to leave he , not even for a minute . connell ( shooing he away ) go on , go on , go on . and we will be at Jim 's bar up the street . he point in the general direction and again take JOHN 's arm . JOHN watch he , rather amused to see connell off he milk diet , and allow himself to be lead away . wipe to : int. a barroom . Close shot : in a corner booth , JOHN and connell sit , close together , drink in front of they . JOHN 's drink have remain untouched . connell be just take a long swig . from off - scene we hear the strain of a old - fashioned torch ballad , come from a automatic piano . connell ( after a pause ) you be a nice guy , John . I like you . you be gentle . I like gentle people . I ? I be hard—hard and tough . ( shake he head—disparagingly ) I get no use for hard people . gotta be gentle to suit I . like you , for instance . ? 662 ? JOHN smile , amused at he . connell start to light he cigarette , which be bent . he hold the match up , but it never reach the tip of the bent cigarette . he puff , satisfied . connell yep , I be hard . but you want to know something ? I have get a weakness . you would never guess that , would you ? well , I have . want to know what it be ? JOHN nod . connell the Star spangle Banner . ( look directly at John ) screwy , huh ? ( turn back to he glass ) well , maybe it be . but play the " Star spangle Banner " —and I be a sucker for it . it always get I right here '' ( thump he diaphragm ) you know what I mean ? Close - up : of JOHN . his face have become serious . JOHN yeah . ( point to back of neck ) it get I right back here . two shot : JOHN and connell . connell speculate about this with he head cocked . connell oh , back there , huh ? ( shrug , dismiss it ) well , every man to he own taste . JOHN smile at he . connell try lighting he bent cigarette again—with the same result—while JOHN watch , amused . connell you be not old enough for the first world war , be you ? JOHN start to answer , but connell go right on . connell course not . must have be a kid . he pour JOHN 's drink into he own glass . connell I be . I be just ripe . and rarin ' to go . ( take drink ) know what my old man do when I join up ? he join up too . Close - up : of JOHN . he find himself intensely interested . connell' voice get to be a sergeant . ? 663 ? two shot : JOHN and connell . connell ( as he raise he glass ) that 's a kick for you . we be in the same outfit . funny , huh ? Close - up : of connell . he lift he glass to he lip , and without drink , lower it . connell ( voice lower ) he be kill , John . Close - up : of JOHN . his face envelop in a expression of sympathy . two shot : connell stare down at the glass which he revolve between he palm . connell I see he get it . I be right there and see it with my own eye . without glance at JOHN , he lift the glass and drain it . connell ( turn to JOHN ) I ? I come out of it without a scratch . except for my ulcer . should be drink milk . ( pick up he glass ) this stuff 's poison . as he hold up he glass , he realize it be empty . connell ( yell to bartender ) hey , tubby ! bartender' voice yes , Mr. connell ? connell ( indicate the empty glass ) whadda you say ? tubby all right . Close shot : JOHN and connell . connell look around guardedly , to make certain he be not overhead . connell ( confidentially ) yessir . I be a sucker for this country . ( get a little sore about it ) I be a sucker for the Star spangle banner—and I be a sucker for this country . ( tap table with he middle finger ) I like what we get here ! I like it ! ? 664 ? ( emphasize each point ) a guy can say what he wants—and do what he wants—without have a bayonet shove through he belly . med. shot : as he lean back and nod he head , satisfied he make he point . connell now , that 's all right , be not it ? JOHN you betcha . the bartender come in with drink and depart . connell all right . and we do not want anybody come around change it , do we ? JOHN shake he head . JOHN no , sir . two shot : JOHN and connell . connell no , sir . and when they do I get mad ! I get b-boil mad . and right now , John , I be sizzling ! JOHN look at he , puzzle . connell I get mad for a lot of other guy besides myself '' I get mad for a guy name Washington ! and a guy name jefferson—and lincoln . lighthouse , John ! lighthouse in a foggy world ! you know what I mean ? JOHN ( huskily ) yeah , you bet ! connell take a drink and look at JOHN a moment before he speak . connell ( lean on the table ) listen , pal—this fifth column stuff 's pretty rotten , be not it ? [ 11 ] JOHN yeah . it certainly be . connell and you would feel like a awful sucker if you find yourself march right in the middle of it , would not you ? JOHN glance up sharply . ? 665 ? connell and you , of course you would not know it because you be gentle . but that 's what you be do . you be mix up with a skunk , my boy , a no-good , dangerous skunk ! JOHN be resentment vanishes—and be replace by puzzlement . JOHN say , you be not talk about Mr. norton , be you ? two shot : JOHN and connell . connell ( emphatically ) I be not talk about he grandfather 's pet poodle ! connell again make a effort to light he bent cigarette—and again be unsuccessful . JOHN you must be wrong , Mr. connell , ' cause he 's be marvelous about the John doe club . connell ( sarcastically ) yeah ? ( suddenly ) say , you be sell on the John doe idea , be not you ? JOHN sure . connell sure . I do not blame you . so be i. Close - up : of connell . connell ( sincerely ) it 's a beautiful miracle . a miracle that could only happen right here in the good old U.S.A . and I think it 's terrific ! what do you think of that ! me! hard-boile connell ! I think it 's plenty terrific ! two shot : John be rather pleased to hear he say this . connell all right ! now , suppose a certain unmentionable worm , whose initial be D. B. , be try to use that to shove he way into the White House . so he could put the screw on , so he could turn out the light in that lighthouse . what would you say about that ? huh ? ? 666 ? JOHN nobody 's gonna do that , Mr. connell . they can not use the John doe club for politics . that 's the main idea . connell be that so ? then what 's a big political boss like hammett do in town ? and a labor leader like bennett ? and a lot of other big shot who be up at D. B. 's house right now ? wolf , John , wolf wait to cut up the John do ! ( snort ) wait till you get a gander at that speech you be gonna make tonight ! JOHN you be all wet . miss Mitchell write that speech and nobody can make she write that kind of stuff . connell ( cynically ) they can not , huh ? ( then bark ) who do you think write them ? my aunt Emma ? I know she write they . Close - up : of JOHN . his jaw stiffen , angrily . connell' voice and get a big bonus for do they , too . a mink coat and a diamond bracelet . JOHN glare at he , he rage mount . Close - up : of connell . unaware of JOHN 's wrath . connell do not write them ? why , that gold - grabbin ' dame would double - cross she own mother for a handful of chinese yen ! JOHN ( in a outrage outcry ) shut up ! if you be not drunk I 'd— simultaneously he hand come in and grab the startle connell violently by he shirt front , lift he out of he seat . camera pull back to include JOHN '' who tower over connell . wider shot : JOHN be still hold connell , glaring down at he , enraged , when beany run into the scene . beany ( hold out the envelope ) hey , boss ! here 's the speech , boss . suddenly he see what 's happen , and stare open-mouthed . beany hey ! ? 667 ? med. shot : as JOHN push connell back into the seat , snatch the envelope from beany , and exit . connell go on and read it , John , and then start sock ! wider shot : as JOHN exit from place . beany suddenly realize he have gone—and chase after he . beany hey , wait a minute , Mr. doe ! connell . . . tubby ? beany' voice yes , sir ? connell better bring I a glass of milk . Close - up : of connell . he stare at he unlight cigaretteumaces unhappily . connell ( mumble ) I be smoking too much . he grind out the unlight cigarette in the tray . dissolve to : int. D. B. 's dining room . Close shot : of D. B. , who be at head of table , talk on phone . D. B. ( into telephone ) . . . yes , Charlie ? you have get everything all set ? Fine ! have John doe be take care of ? good ! how many people do you think will be there ? a pleased expression come over he face . D. B. Fifteen thousand ? oh my , that 's fine . now , listen , Charlie , as soon as John doe stop talk about I , I want you to start that demonstration . and make it a big one , you understand ? as D. B. hang up . wider shot : include ted sheldon . ted do not worry about that , D. B. my boy be there . they will take care of it . D. B. ( into telephone ) what ? yes , I will be there fifteen minute after I get you call . camera draw back as he speak . we see that dinner have be conclude . his listener , besides ted and ann , be half a dozen distinguished look man , some with cigar stick in they mouth , other sip from champagne glass . ann sit to D. B. 's right . cut to : int. foyer : med. shot : at D. B. 's front door . a butler be open the door for JOHN . ? 668 ? butler why , Mr. doe . . . JOHN where be they ? butler in the dining room , sir . JOHN stride toward the dining room . camera pan with JOHN , who be drip wet , as he cross the foyer until he come within sight of the open door of the dining room . JOHN stop . cut back to : int. D. B. 's dining room . wider shot : D. B. address the group at the table . D. B. well , gentleman , I think we be about ready to throw that great big bombshell— someone's voice yeah , well it 's about time . D. B. even a conservative estimate show that we can count on anywhere between ten and twenty million John doe vote . now , add to that the labor vote that Mr. bennett will throw in . . . he indicate bennett who nod , importantly . D. B. . . . and the vote control by Mr. hammett and the rest of you gentleman in you territory '' ( emphatically ) and nothing can stop we ! Close - up : of ann . she seem distress . she apparently have be listen to thing that have cause she considerable anxiety . wider shot : weston lean forward and speak to D. B. weston as I say before , I be with you'provide you can guarantee the John doe vote . D. B. do not worry about that . bennett you can count on I under one condition . Little bennett 's gotta be take care of ! D. B. do not I tell you that everybody in this room would be take care ? my agreement with you gentleman stand ! barrington I be with you , D. B. , but I still think it 's a very dare thing we be attempt ! ? 669 ? D. B. this be dare time , Mr. barrington . we be come to a new order of thing . there 's be too much talk go on in this country . someone's voice exactly '' ann glance up at D. B. , a startle look in she eye . Close shot : D. B. 's audience beam with satisfaction as he continue . D. B. too many concession have be make ! what the american people need be a iron hand ! weston you be right ! bennett that 's true . you be quite right , D. b.! D. B. discipline ! group quite right ! exactly ! there be cry of : " hear , hear ! " and applause . Close - up : of ann . she be completely seize by panic—and although she attempt applaud , it be feeble . med. shot : shoot through open door toward dining room . prominently in view be ann , still lose in troubled think . D. B. be still on he foot . D. B. and now— ( lift champagne glass ) may I offer a little toast to miss Ann mitchell— the brilliant and beautiful lady who be responsible for all this ! the man rise . group miss Mitchell ! miss Mitchell ! ann Mr. norton , I would like to talk to you alone for a moment . D. B. oh , oh . ( chortling ) miss Mitchell have something to say to we . group well , that 's fine . speech ! speech ! Ann spot John . ? 670 ? D. B. ( spot John ) hello ? ann John ! I be so glad to see you . i— I be terribly worried . JOHN ( show she a copy of the speech ) do you write this ? ann yes , I do , John . but i— I have no idea what be go on . JOHN you do not ? Close - up : of JOHN . his mouth screw up bitterly . JOHN ( quiet contempt ) that 's a swell bracelet you be wear . he leave she , abruptly . int. dining room : full shot : JOHN enter and look the man over appraisingly as he go toward D. B. they all stare at he . D. B. john— ( concerned ) why be not you at the convention ? JOHN do not answer . D. B. be there anything wrong ? JOHN ( after a pause ) oh , no . nothing 's wrong . everything 's fine ! so there 's gonna be a new order of thing , huh ? everybody 's gonna cut himself a nice , fat slice of the John do , eh ? ( turn toward D. B. ) you forget one detail , Mr. Big shot—you forget I , the prize stooge of the world . why , if you or anybody else think he 's gonna use the John doe club for he own rotten purpose , he 's gonna have to do it over my dead body ! D. B. now , hold on a minute , young man ! hold on ! that 's rather big talk ! I start the John doe club with my money and I will decide whether or not they be be properly use ! JOHN no you will not ! you be through decide anything ! D. B. can not believe he ear . ? 671 ? JOHN and what 's more , I be go down to that convention and I be gonna tell that people exactly what you and all you fine - feathered friend here be try to cook up for they ! he look up at ann—and start tear the speech in he hand . JOHN ( strongly ) and I will say it in my own word this time . he fling the tear paper toward ann—and start out . hammett and other stop he , somebody ! he will ruin we , D. b.! med. shot : at door . as JOHN reach it , ted step up in front of he . ted ( menacingly ) wait a minute , young feller—my uncle want to talk to you . D. B. walk up to JOHN . D. B. listen to I , my son ! before you lose you head completely , may I remind you that I pick you up out of the gutter and I can throw you right back there again ! you have get a nerve accuse people of thing ! this gentleman and I know what 's the best for the John do of America , regardless of what tramp like you think ! get off that righteous horse of yours and come to you sense . you be the fake ! we believe in what we be do ! you be the one that be pay the thirty piece of silver ! have you forget that ? well , I have not ! you be a fake , John doe , and I can prove it ! you be the big hero that 's suppose to jump off tall building and thing ! do you remember ? what do you suppose you precious John do will say when they find out that you never have any intention of do it ? that you be be pay to say so ? you be lucky if they do not run you out of the country ! why , with the newspaper and the radio station that this gentleman control , we can kill the John doe movement deader than a doornail , and we will do it , too , the moment you step out of line ! now , if you still want to go to that convention and shoot you trap off , you go ahead and do it ! full shot : D. B. leave JOHN and return to he chair . JOHN stare at he , unbelievingly . Close shot : of JOHN . ? 672 ? JOHN ( after a pause ) do you mean to tell I you would try to kill the John doe movement if you can not use it to get what you want ? D. b.' voice you bet you bottom dollar we would ! JOHN ( cynically ) well , that certainly be a new low . I guess I have see everything now . wider shot : as JOHN 's lip curl up contemptuously and he step up to the table . JOHN ( throw he hat on the table ) you sit there back of you big cigar and think of deliberately kill a idea that 's make million of people a little bit happier ! a idea that 's bring thousand of they here from all over the country , by bus and by freight , in jallopy and on foot—so they could pass on to each other they own simple little experience . Close - up : of ann . her eye light up happily . john' voice why , look , I be just a mug and I know it . but I be beginning to understand a lot of thing . why , you type 's old as history . if you can not lay you dirty finger on a decent idea and twist it and squeeze it and stuff it into you own pocket , you slap it down ! like dog , if you can not eat something , you bury it ! Close - up : of JOHN . his voice be plead . JOHN why , this be the one worthwhile thing that 's come along . people be finally find out that the guy next door be not a bad egg . that 's simple , be not it ? and yet a thing like that 's get a chance of spread till it touch every last doggone human be in the world—and you talk about kill it ! full shot : they listen to himqunmoved . JOHN why , when this fire die down , what 's go to be leave ? more misery , more hunger and more hate . and what 's to prevent that from start all over again ? nobody know the answer to that one , and certainly not you , with that slimy , bollox - up theory you have get ! the John doe idea may be the answer , though ! it may be the one thing capable of save this cockey world ! yet you sit back there on you fat hulk and tell I you will kill it if you can not use it ! ? 673 ? well , you go ahead and try ! you could not do it in a million year , with all you radio station and all you power ! because it 's bigger than whether I be a fake ! it 's bigger than you ambition ! and it 's bigger than all the bracelet and fur coat in the world ! wider shot : ann run to JOHN . ann ( sincerely ) you bet it be , John ! JOHN start to exit . med. shot : shoot toward door . JOHN ( turn to they ) and that 's exactly what I be go down there to tell that people ! as JOHN reach door , ted sheldon jump in front of he . Close shot : ted wait a minute , you ungrateful rat ! my uncle 's be too good to— while he speak , JOHN look down at the fist clutching he shirt , and then , with a suddenness that startles ted , he step aside and clip ted on the jaw . ted 's knee buckle and he go down . JOHN exit . wider shot : as several man rush to ted 's assistance . D. B. do not move . man he 's get away ! ann John ! ext. entrance to D. B. 's house : med. shot : as JOHN hurry out . he go by half a dozen member of ted sheldon 's motorcycle troops who wait around to escort D. B. to the convention . int. dining room : full shot : the room be full of commotion . ann be run out of the room , go after JOHN . several man bend over ted . D. B. glare toward door , he face harden . hammett be bark at he . D. B. reach under the table , lift up two phone . hand one to hammett . D. B. get the bulletin ! he , himself , dial the other phone . ann John ! ? 674 ? barrington I have always tell you , D. B. you be play with dynamite ! D. B. ( call to man ) do not let that girl get away ! the butler rush out . weston before he get through tonight he will ruin we all ! bennett you have get to stop he , D. B .! D. B. I will stop he ! I will stop he cold ! do not worry , I have be ready for this ! cut to : ext. D. B. 's entrance—at gate . med. shot : as ann run alongside JOHN . ann John ! oh , John , please listen to I ! please '' I can explain everything , John . I do not know what they be go to do ! let I go with you , John ! John , please ! JOHN get into taxidslam door '' ann run beside cab as it start off . JOHN go ahead , driver ! Ball park ! ann John , please let I go with you ! please , John ! several trooper grab ann . trooper Mr. norton want to see you . ann oh ! as the man get a firmer grip on she and ann fight to get loose : cut to : int. D. B. 's study : med. shot : D. B. be on the phone . the other pace around , perturbedly . hammett have the second phone in he hand . D. B. ( into phone ) listen to I , Mayor lovett , you do as I say . I want they both arrest . you tell the police department to pick up connell . I have get the girl here . hammett ( hold out phone ) I have get the bulletin ! ? 675 ? D. B. ( hotly ) I do not care what you charge they with ! if you be worried , let they go in the morning , but keep they in jail over night ! he bang up the receiver . grab another phone from hammett . D. B. hello , bulletin ? put pop dwyer on . dissolve to : ext. entrance to ball park : med. shot : over the entrance gate a huge banner read : welcome to JOHN doe convention people come from all direction and pour through the gate . some carry umbrella over they head , other have they coat collar turn up . woman hold newspaper over they head to protect they hat . it be a misty , drizzle rain . ext. ball park : Long shot : shoot from announcer 's view down at the speaker 's platform which have be erect on " Home plate . " on it , in the rear , be a brass band . in front of it be a speaker 's table , over which dangle the microphone of a public address system . attach to the table be several microphone with name of broadcasting station on they . med. shot : shoot toward audience . they sing : " oh , susanna . " med. shot : toward people seat in grandstand . they join in the sing . another angle : toward a third section . they also pick up the song . Long shot : take in as many as possible . everyone sing , and the volume have rise considerably . med. shot : shoot down a aisle . a stream of people take up the song , as they march to they seat . med. shot : at entrance to Park . crowd be come in—and they , too , begin sing . they be also join by the policeman post at the gate . med. shot : a second entrance to Park . another crowd be enter , also sing . med. shot : of bert and sourpuss in the foreground of a group on platform , all of whom sing . bert have a large roll - up scroll in he hand . Close - up : of the colonel . sitting in a corner somewhere , look around speculatively , with a stubborn mental reservation that they be still all heelot . several close shot : of small groups—with they wet face hold high , sing lustily , eye sparkling . Long shot : shoot from the platform down toward the audience . the song finally come to a climax—and immediately , lusty cheer start , as they see JOHN come on platform . med. shot : toward platform . JOHN go to the microphone of the public address system . ? 676 ? man Three cheer for John doe ! JOHN listen , lady and gentleman ! before he can go any further , the band strike up the strain of " america " and immediately the large assembly begin sing it . Close - up : of JOHN . as he lip form the word . his expression be solemn . various shot : of group , sing . Long shot : as people sing . finally the song be end , and a enthusiastic cheer be emitted by the crowd . med. shot : on platform . JOHN again step toward the microphone and make another effort to speak , but the clergyman place a detain hand on he arm . clergyman just a moment , John . we begin with a short prayer . long shot : shoot over the head of the audience toward the platform in the background . gradually the cheer subside . clergyman ( speak into public address system ) quiet , please . lady and gentlemen—let we have a moment of silent prayer for the John do all over the world . . . many of whom be homeless and hungry . rise , please . everybody rise . the clergyman and JOHN , stand next to he , immediately bow they head . Long shot : shoot toward audience . as far as the camera eye can see , head be bow in prayer . the reflection on the wet umbrella create a strange and mystic light . several close shot : of small groups—in silent prayer . Close - up : of the colonel . Rather grudgingly , he have he head lower . Close - up : of JOHN . his eye be shut—his face wreathe in a expression of compassion . med. shot : at press section . they , too , bow respectfully . the reporter be quiet for the first time . ext. street : Long shot : directly in front of entrance to ball park . a stream of news truck pull up , fill with newsboys—they immediately alight . ext. street : med. shot : in front of another entrance . more truck arrivempack with newsboy . ext. street : med. shot : shoot toward entrance . as a army of newsboy , each carry a stack of newspaper , run toward we yell : ? 677 ? newsboys extry , extry ! read all about it ! med. shot : toward another entrance . another swarm of newsboy dash in , also shouting . newsboys extry ! John doe a fake ! Long shot : of audience with they head still bow . slowly , they begin turn around , puzzle , as from all direction and down every aisle , boy be run , wave papers in the air . newsboys ( shouting ) here you be ! John doe a fake ! read all about it ! John doe movement a racket ! Close shot : of JOHN . he look up , terror-stricken . med. shot : at press section . great excitement prevail here . announcer ( JOHN B. hughes ) newsboys ! hundred of yell newsboy be swarm into the park like locust ! they be yell , " John doe 's a fake ! Fake ! " med. shot : of audience . as newsboy be distribute papers to the baffle people . newsboys here you be ! no charge ! John doe a fake ! med. shot : of a second group . some already have papers and peer , unbelievingly , at the headline . other grab papers from newsboy ' hand . man ( read ) " Federal investigation urge by chamber of commerce . " med. shot : speaker 's platform . sourpuss and bert , read paper . sourpuss how could he be a fake ? ( laugh ) bert it must be some kind of a gag . sourpuss a what ? bert a gag . a gag ! ext. : somewhere inside ball park : Long shot : we hear the shriek of siren and almost immediately a limousine , escort by sheldon 's motorcycle troops , pull up . directly behind it be a string of car . ? 678 ? med. shot : the door of the limousine fly open and D. B. come out . he immediately head for the platform . camera pan over and we see trooper pour out of the car with ted sheldon direct they . ted come on , come on , step on it ! step on it ! step on it ! you all know you place now , so let 's get go ! wait for the signal ! med. shot : drunk with a balloon . he hold balloon up to ted , get in ted 's way . drunk hey , mister , will you autograph my balloon ? ted sure ! ( and break balloon ) trooper ( push drunk aside ) gangway ! ext. : park. med. shot : at speaker 's platform . JOHN be in front of the microphone try to make himself hear over thousand of voice , all speak at once . JOHN lady and gentleman ! this be exactly what I come down here to tell you about tonight . please , if you will all just be quiet for a few minute I can explain this whole thing to you . as you all know , this paper be publish by a man by the name of D. B. norton . . . med. shot : shoot towards audience . down a aisle stalk D. B. , he hand wave in the air . D. B. ( shouting ) do not listen to that man ! he 's a fake ! camera pan with he as he hurry down the aisle to the platform—all eye turn toward he . Close - up : of JOHN . as he stare at D. B. approach , too flustered to know what to do . med. shot : toward platform . as D. B. run up the few step and proceed to the microphone , trooper clear the way for he . trooper ( drag John from mike ) stand back ! D. B. wait a minute ! everybody wait a minute ! wait a minute , lady and gentleman ! my name be D. B. norton . . . you all know I ! I accuse this man of be a faker ! we have be take for a lot of sucker ! and I be the biggest of the lot ! ? 679 ? I spend a fortune back this man in what I believe to be a sincere and worthy cause , just as you all do ! and now I find out it 's nothing but a cheap racket ! cook up by he and two of my employee for the sole purpose of collect due from John do all over the country ! JOHN break away from the trooper and get to the mike . JOHN that 's a lie ! D. B. it 's not a lie ! nickel and dime ! to stuff into they own pocket ! you can read all about it in the newspaper there ! JOHN that 's a lie ! listen—do not believe what he say . . . D. B. ( overlap above speech ) let go of I ! this man have no intention of jump off of the top of a building ! he be pay to say so ! ( turn to John ) do you deny that ? JOHN that 's get nothing to do with it ! D. B. be you pay for it—or be not you ? JOHN yes ! I be pay ! but the— D. B. ( over -lap above speech ) and what about the suicide note ? you do not write that , either ! JOHN what difference do that make ? D. B. do you write it—or do not you ? JOHN no , I do not write it , buty D. B. ah , you bet you life you do not ! you look in you papers , lady and gentleman , and you will find miss Mitchell 's sign confession that she be the one that write it ! JOHN listen , folk , it 's a fact that I do not write the letter , but this whole thing start '' ? 680 ? D. B. there ! you see ? he admit it ! you be a fake , John doe ! and for what you have do to all this good people—they ought to run you out of the country—and I hope they do it ! he leave the platform—followed by he trooper . several shot : of group as they stare at JOHN , silent and stunne , wait for he to speak . full shot : the whole park full of people wait in breathless anticipation . from somewhere in the distance we hear a single voice of a man . voice speak up , John ! we believe you ! med. shot : under the platform . we see several of D. B. 's trooper pull at the cable of the public address system . Close shot : of JOHN . he speak into the microphone . JOHN please listen , folk ! now that he 's through shoot off he face , I have get a couple of thing to tell you about '' Close shot : under the platform . one of the trooper disconnect the public address system by cut the cable . Close - up : of JOHN . he realize the loud speaker be dead , and look around helplessly . med. shot : somewhere in audience ted sheldon direct trooper . ted come on ! the rest of you get in here and riot ! break this crowd up ! come on ! med. shot : of a group of John do . they still stare uncertainly . suddenly , the head of one of sheldon 's trooper appear—and cupping he hand over he mouth , he yell toward platform . trooper John doe 's a fake ! boo! boooooo ! Long shot : from announcer 's view . shoot toward audience . the crowd be all yell at once now . med. shot : announcer I be sorry , folk , but we can not hear he any more . something 's go wrong with the loudspeaker . med. shot : of JOHN . try to talk over microphone . JOHN say , they can not hear I ! the thing 's not work ! ? 681 ? ( shout ) lady and gentleman ! look—this thing 's bigger than whether I be a fake— ( turn to bert ) look , bert , you believe I , do not you ? bert ( cynically ) sure , I believe you . walk my leg off digging up five thousand signature for a phoney ! suddenly , nervously , he begin tear up the petition in he hand . bert well , there you be , Mr. doe ! ( fling crumpled petition at he ) five thousand name ask you not to jump off any roof ! he turn to leave . Close shot : of sourpuss , who , heartbroken , stop bert . sourpuss it make no difference , bert—the idea 's still good . we do not have to give up we club . bert ( harshly ) yeah ? well , you can have it ! he exit . Long shot : from announcer 's view . crowd be yell wildly . announcer they be start to throw thing ! 2 nd announcer somebody 's go to get hurt ! Close - up : of JOHN . he look helplessly down at the hostile crowd . int. police station : full shot : ann and connell be surround by several policeman . a sergeant sit at he desk , on which be a radio . ann 's face be haggard and desperate as she listen to the radio announcer . announcer I be afraid it will be John doe . listen to that mob ! unable to stand it any longer , ann suddenly jump out of she seat . ann I have get to go to he ! officer sorry , lady '' I can not let you out . ? 682 ? ann ( sobbing ) oh , let I go ! let I go to he ! oh , please , please let I go ! they be crucify he ! I can help he ! officer sorry , sister . we get order to hold you . ann order from who ? can not they see it 's a frameup ? she be still desperately struggle to get free—when she mother come hurry in . mrs . mitchell Ann , darling ! ann oh , mother ! they will not let I go ! they will not let I go ! the police release she and she throw herself into she mother 's arm . ext. : Ball park . Close shot : of JOHN . he still attempt to get himself hear . JOHN listen , folk ! you gotta listen to I , everybody ! med. shot : of a group of John do . a man ( yell toward JOHN ) back to the jungle , you hobo ! 2 nd man ( disgustedly ) just another racket ! john' voice stick to you club ! man ( shouting ) we have be feed baloney so long we be get use to it ! Close shot : of JOHN . he disregard the missile that fly around he head . JOHN ( supplicatingly ) the idea be still good ! believe I , folk ! . . . ext. : Ball park . med. long shot : toward platform . the crowd push menacingly around the platform , with policeman struggle to control they . JOHN still stand there , pathetic and helpless . missile of all kind fly into the scene . the member of the band be scramble off the platformus well as the other , until John be leave alone . ? 683 ? Long shot : shoot toward audience . they still boo and yell . med. shot : of the colonel . fearful for JOHN , he start push he way through the crowd toward he . med. shot : of a group of people . suddenly a woman reach into a lunch basket she carry and take out a tomato . woman ( shouting ) you faker ! she reach back to throw the tomato . Close - up : of JOHN . his voice be go . his eye be glassy . he be make one last effort to speak . JOHN ( hoarsely ) listen . . . John do . . . ( weakly ) you be the hope of the world . . . as if in challenge to that statement , the tomato fly in and strike he on the forehead . it seem to stun he . he remain motionless , stare before he with sightless eye . the red smear of the tomato trickle down he face . med. shot : of the colonel , amidst the crowd . he see JOHN hit and wince . then , set he jaw , he push people violently aside , try to reach JOHN . med. shot : on platform , JOHN stare futilely before he . the colonel reach he side and glance sympathetically up at he face , start to lead he off the platform . a squadron of policeman also rush to he rescue and precede JOHN and the colonel . truck shot : down the aisleua police disperse the crowd who boo and threaten JOHN from the sideline . Close shot : of JOHN . he be oblivious of the jeer , shouting mob—and of the wet newspaper flung in he direction . med. shot : at dig - out exit—as the police finally manage to get he safely out of the park . med. shot : announcer 's booth . JOHN B. hughes the police finally manage to get he out of the park ! if that boy be not hurt , it will be a miracle ! int. : Police station . med. shot : ann and she mother sit on a bench . a policeman be in the background . ann stare into space . her mother have a arm around she . announcer's voice lady and gentleman , this certainly look like the end of the John doe movement . a policeman snap the radio off . ? 684 ? connell ( lift glass of milk ) well , boy , you can chalk up another one to the pontius pilates . two shot : ann and she mother . ann ( sobbing ) I should have be there . I could have help he . ( desolately ) he be so all alone ! her mother draw ann consolingly to she , and lay she head on she breast . dissolve to : ext. : a highway . med. shot : of bert 's car on the way home . int. : car. Close shot : bert and sourpuss . they both look depressed . after a silence , sourpuss speak . sourpuss ( throatily ) a lot of we be go to be mighty ashamed of ourselves after tonight . we certainly do not give that man much of a chance . they lapse again into silence . bert stare grimly at the road . dissolve to : ext. : clear under the bridge . Close - up : of JOHN . he sit on a rock , he head bent low , tear stream shamelessly down he cheek . camera draw back and we find the colonel before the fire , boil water in a small tin pan . colonel' voice have some more coffee , Long John ? JOHN no , thanks , Colonel . JOHN lift he eye skyward , stare profoundly , a curious expression over he face . dissolve to : a montage . Long shot : of JOHN , a lonely figure , walk dejectedly . as he walk , face begin to appear one by one , to taunt he . they accuse voice be hear . woman' voice faker ! man' voice racketeer ! 2 nd voice liar ! 3rd voice cheat ! ? 685 ? 4 th voice imposter ! 5 th voice why do not you jump ! girl voice Christmas Eve at midnight ! ( she laugh , sneeringly ) dissolve to : another shot : of JOHN walk , he expression immobile . over the shot appear several scene through which JOHN have live : 1 . bert shaking hand with he , say : bert you be a wonderful man , Mr. doe . 2 . mrs. delaney kissing he hand and say : mrs . delaney May God bless you , my boy . 3 . ann in Broadcasting Station , kissing he : ann now , get in there and pitch ! 4 . D. B. issue he tirade at JOHN : D. B. you be a fake , John doe , and I can prove it ! you be the big hero that 's suppose to jump off tall building and thing . you remember ? what do you suppose you precious John do will say when they find out that you never have any intention of do it—that you be be pay to say so ? 5 . again the girl who laugh appear : girl Christmas Eve at midnight ? and again she laugh sneeringly . dissolve to : ext. : City Hall tower—night . Long shot : it be a picturesque scene of the City Hall outline in silhouette against the sky . a peaceful mantle of snow silently descend upon it . over the shot we hear the plaintive voice of child sing " Holy night . " dissolve to : ext. : outside of D. B. 's house : med. shot : outside D. B. 's study—through window . a group of eight young caroler sing " Holy night . " it be a continuation of the music from previous scene . cut to : int. D. B. 's study . med. shot : in the dimly light room , we see the lonely figure of D. B. , as he stand near a window stare out , meditatively . the voice of the child sing Christmas carol be faintly hear . ? 686 ? Close - up : of D. B. he peer into the night , envelop by disturbing thought . after a moment , he take out he watch and glance at it . then , as if annoyed by he own apprehension , he shove it violently back into he pocket . camera retreat in front of he as he cross , determinedly , to a humidor , take a cigar and shove it into he mouth . just as he be about to light it , he become aware of the signing , and cock he head , listen . wider shot : as he drop the match and the unlight cigar—and start toward door . just then the butler come through . butler merry Christmas , sir . D. B. oh. merry Christmas . D. B. hand he a bill and nod toward the child . the butler exit . Close - up : of D. B. stare out into space moodily . we hear the voice of the child say , " thank you , sir ! merry Christmas ! " D. B. 's mouth screw up , unhappily . it be far from a " merry " Christmas . it be a very lonely , conscience - stricken one . dissolve to : int. : Police station . med. shot : a sergeant sit in front of he desk . opposite he be a policeman . they rummy game have be interrupt by a phone call which the sergeant be now answer . sergeant who ? John doe ? be that screwball still around ? ( laugh ) policeman ( with disgust ) aw , that dame 's be callin ' all day . desk sergeant sure , sure , I know . yeah . at midnight , huh ? okay , lady . we will have the place surround with net . he hang up the phone—twirls he finger at he temple , shrugs—and reach for a card . cut to : int. : ann 's bedroom . Close shot : ann be in bed . she look want . her hand still rest on the phone . camera pull back to reveal a doctor by she side and she mother at the foot of the bed . they watch heruconcern . ann oh—they be laugh at I ! impulsively , ann pick up the receiver and start dial again . doctor' voice you be a sick girl , Ann . you would better take it easy . ? 687 ? mrs . mitchell whom be you call now ? you call that number not ten minute ago ! ann ( into phone ) hello . Mr. connell ? have you see he yet ? have you '' cut to : int : corridor of City Hall . med. shot : toward a telephone booth . connell speak into the phone . connell now listen , ann—he can not possibly get in without we see he . I be watch the side door and the Colonel 's out front , so stop worry . int. : ann 's bedroom . Close shot : ann thank you . she hang up the receiver , despairingly . then , suddenly , she jump out of bed and run to a clothes closet—grabbing a coat and scarf . mrs . mitchell why , Ann ! . . . doctor Ann , do not be foolish ! dissolve to : insert : the City Hall tower clock register 11:45 . cut to : ext. : highway . med. shot : bert 's car drive in the snow . int. : car. full shot : bert hansen drive . in the car with he be he wife , sourpuss and several other . bert ( complainingly ) if this be not the craziest , the battiest , the looniest wild goose chase I ever hear of ? mrs . hansen oh , shut up . bert. sourpuss be right . bert yeah ? well , if he be , I be a banana split ! sourpuss that man be gonna be on that roof . do not ask I how I know . I just know . and you know it as well as I do . bert sure , sure . I would like to believe in fairy tale , but a guy that 's fake be not gonna jump off any roof . mrs . hansen I do not think he be any fake—not with that face . and , anyway , what he stand for be not a fake . ? 688 ? bert okay , honey , okay . cut to : int : Main floor corridor , City Hall . full shot : it be vast and empty , except for a color porter , scrubbing . med. shot : at entrance . as ann enter from outside . determinedly , she start toward elevator . Close shot : at elevator . ann push button impatiently . she feel weak , and have to brace herself to stay on she foot . suddenly , she be startle by the colonel be voice . colonel elevator be not run . camera pan over to the colonel , who sit on the stair , next to the elevator . med. shot : ann walk over to he , she face lighting up hopefully . ann Colonel ! colonel you should not have get out of bed , miss . ann have he be here ? colonel no . ann have you see he ? colonel ( sadly ) I be not see he for a week . ann where 's connell ? colonel he 's watch the other door . ann oh. gee , you be swell ! oh. ann stare at he a moment , then , impulsively , she start to pass he to go up the stair . colonel ( grab she ) no sense in go up there ! I be here for hour . he be not here ! ann ( pull away from he ) oh , let I go , will you ! ? 689 ? colonel ( call after she ) now , that 's crazy . it 's fourteen floor ! but ann vanish . the colonel shake he head and resume he post . med. shot : at entrance . as the mayor , follow by D. B. , hammett , and the other , enter . camera pan with they as they go toward the elevator . med. shot : they arrive at the elevator . the mayor take out he key and unlock the elevator door . Close shot : of the colonel . he watch they , puzzle . can not figure out what they be do here . cut to : insert : of elevator dialuas the light flick on to number 14 , indicate 14th floor . camera pan down to elevator door , which open and the man come out . mayor this be as far as the elevator go . we have get to walk up to the tower . he indicate the stairway . cut to : wider shot : as they cross to stairway , silently . dissolve to : ext. : City Hall roof . full shot : the man enter . they glance around searchingly—and then slowly move toward the edge of the parapet . closer shot : the man look obviously self - conscious . no one speak for a while . bennett ( break the silence ) that tramp be probably full of Christmas cheer and asleep in some flop house . there be again silence . after a few minute , the mayor speak . mayor let 's go . I have get to decorate my tree . cut to : int. : corridor— 14th floor . med. shot : outside Men 's washroom . JOHN come out , and as camera pan with he he proceed to letter chute next to elevator . we see that it be the top of the chute , and from the elevator be there , we know it be the 14th floor . JOHN drop the letter into the chute . ext. : City Hall roof . full shot : the place be silent except for occasional scraping of foot as several of the man move around . they continually refer to they watch . finally , D. B. give up impatiently . D. B. well , I give up . I do not know what give we the idea that he—he would attempt anything like this . weston I guess you be right . I be afraid the joke 's on we . let 's go . ? 690 ? D. B. I hope nobody find out we have be here . they all start to exit , when suddenly D. B. stop . he put he hand out , and they all stop to listen . they hear footstep , and back into the shadow . med. shot : shoot toward stair . JOHN appear around the bend and mount the last few step . med. shot : of the huddle group . they watch breathlessly . in the darkness , they eye dominate the scene . med. shot : over they shoulder . as JOHN , expressionless , he cigarette in he hand , cross to the parapet , and look out . he take a puff of he cigarette and exhales the smoke . med. shot : of the huddle group . the mayor be for step forward , but D. B. with a extend hand stop he , indicate for they to wait and see what happen . Close - up : of JOHN . he take the envelope out of he pocket and examine it . Close shot : of the group . they eye glue on he tensely . Close shot : of JOHN . he stare at the envelope . insert : of envelope . on it be write : " to JOHN doe everywhere " . Close - up : of JOHN . he replace the envelope in he pocket . int. : Tower . Close shot : the group . they eye rivete on JOHN . they feel the moment have come . several of they glance toward D. B. wider shot : to include they all , and JOHN . he drop he cigarette on the ground , and bend over , crush it with he foot . just as he straighten out again , D. B. speak . D. B. ( restrain voice ) I would not do that if I be you , John . Close - up : of JOHN . as he turn sharply , startle . he stare blankly at the five people . med. shot : of the group . they move slightly forward and stop . D. B. it will do you no good . Close - up : of JOHN . he continue to stare at they , strangely . wider shot : to include they all . D. B. the Mayor have policeman downstairs with instruction to remove all mark of identification you may have on you person . you will be bury in Potter 's field [ 12 ] and you will have accomplish nothing . Close shot : of JOHN . after a moment , he speak . ? 691 ? JOHN ( in a sepulchral voice ) I have take care of that . I have already mail a copy of this letter to Mr. connell . med. shot : of the group . amaze that he think of this . they feel themselves helpless . D. B. try take a authoritative tone . D. B. ( he throat be dry ) John , why do not you forget this foolishness ? he step forward as he speak . JOHN ( quickly—threateningly ) stop right where you be , Mr. norton , if you do not want to go overboard with I . Close - up : of JOHN 's face . his eye have a wild , maniacal look in they . Close - up : of D. B. he stare into JOHN 's eye and a terrify expression cover he face . wider shot : as D. B. instinctively back up . JOHN ( throatily ) I be glad you gentleman be here . you have kill the John doe movement , all right , but you be go to see it bear all over again . now , take a good look , Mr. norton . int. : landing to tower . med. shot : as ann practically have to pull herself up to the last step . her face be wet from fever and exhaustion . ann ( a outcry ) John ! int. : Tower . full shot : as everyone , startle by the outcry , turn . ann stagger into scene . ann ( cry ) John ! she rush and throw she arm around he . ann ( muffle sob ) oh , John , darling . no! no ! Close shot : JOHN and ann . he stare down at she , blankly . ann clutches he , she head bury in he shoulder . ann ( muffle sob ) I will not let you . I love you , darling . ? 692 ? med. shot : of the group . they remain motionless , watch . Close shot : JOHN and ann . she emit wrack sob , then lift she eye up to he . ann ( in a desperate plea ) John . please , John , listen to I . we will start all over again , just you and I . it be not too late . the John doe movement be not dead yet . suddenly she become conscious of the other present , and she turn she head . camera pan over to what she see . the group of man watch , silently . camera pan back to ann . her eye widen slowly . she look from they to JOHN and back again , and she face take on a excited , breathless look , as the reason for they be there become comprehensible to she . ann ( excitedly ) see , John ! it be not dead , or they would not be here ! it 's alive in they . they keep it alive . by be afraid of it . that 's why they come up here . Close shot : ann and JOHN . he continue to stand with he hand at he side , look at she , while she cling to he desperately . while she speak , he turn he face from she and stare at the man . ann oh , darling . sure , it should have be kill before . it be dishonest . Close - up : of JOHN . he be stare strangely at the group of menua slowly , gradually , the curtain be be lift from he cloud brain . ann' voice but we can start clean now . just you and I . it will grow again , John . it will grow big . and it will be strong , because it will be honest ! Close - up : of ann . her strength be fast ebbing away . she cling to JOHN more tenaciously . ann ( last bit of effort ) oh , darling , if it 's worth die for , it 's worth live for . oh , please , John . . . she look up at he face , seek some sign of he relenting - but she find none . Close - up : of ann , who still cling to he , lay she cheek on he chest—and lift she eye heavenward . ann ( a murmured prayer ) oh , please , god—help I ! ? 693 ? flash : of the menua they stare transfix , wait breathlessly . med. shot : at entrance . bert , sourpuss and other appearshave run up the stair breathlessly . they eye be fill with apprehension . connell and the colonel be with they . when they see the scene before they , they stop , awed . Close - up : of ann . suddenly she stare before her—as a divine inspiration come to she . her eye light up with a wide , ecstatic fire . two shot : ann and JOHN . ann turn and glance up at JOHN 's face . ann ( tensely ) John ! she take he face in she two hand and turn it to she . ann John , look at I . you want to be honest , do not you ? well , you do not have to die to keep the John doe idea alive ! someone already die for that once ! the first John doe . and he 's keep that idea alive for nearly two thousand year . Close shot : bert , he wife and sourpuss . the cynical expression on bert 's face begin to soften . ann' voice ( with sincere conviction ) it be he who keep it alive in they —and he will go on keep it alive for ever and always ! for every John doe movement this man kill , a new one will be bear ! two shot : ann and JOHN . JOHN remain grimly unmove . ann continue . ann ( ecstatically ) that 's why that bell be ringing , John ! they be call to us—not to give up—but to keep on fight ! to keep on pitching ! oh , do not you see , darling ? this be no time to give up ! several flash : to intercut with ann 's speech—one of bert ; he wife ; connell ; D. B. med. shot : toward ann and JOHN . ann 's strength be slowly wane . ann you and I , John , we can— ( suddenly ) no , John , if you die , I want to die , too ! ( weakly ) oh , I love you so— her strength leave her—and as she eyelid slowly shut , she collapse limply in he arm . med. shot : of bert 's group , as they react to this . bert stare , profoundly move . ? 694 ? med. shot : JOHN and ann—as he stare bewilder , at ann at he foot . mechanically , he reach down and lift she in he arm . bert voice Mr. doe . . . JOHN vaguely become aware of bert 's presence and glance toward he . med. shot : bert , he wife and sourpuss . bert ( he voice choked—haltingly ) you do not have to '' why , we be with you , Mr. doe . we just lose we head and act like a mob . why , we . . . bert wife ( jump in ) what bert 's try to say is—well—we need you , Mr. doe . there be a lot of we do not believe what that man say . Close - up : of john—as he listen to she , expressionless . wife's voice we be go to start up we John doe Club again whether we see you or not . med. shot : bert , he wife and sourpuss . wife be not we , bert ? bert nod . wife and there be a lot of other that be go to do the same thing . why , Mr. sourpuss even get a letter from he cousin in Toledo , and . . . sourpuss ( joining—eagerly ) yeah , I get it right here , Mr. doe ! Close - up : of JOHN . the bewilder look in he eye have vanish . it be now replace by a expression of softness and understanding . wife's voice ( choke ) only—only it will be a lot easier with you . please—please come with we , Mr. doe ! JOHN remain stand , thoughtful . med. shot : of bert 's group . they all look supplicatingly at he . Close - up : of JOHN . he stare at bert 's group and , shifting he gaze , look at D. B. and he crowd . then , turn back to bert , he eye light up and something of a warm smile appear on he face . full shot : as JOHN , have decide on he course , start forward with ann in he arm . the church bell chime loud and victoriously . ? 695 ? med. shot : around bert . they eye brighten ecstatically as JOHN walk toward they . they all speak at once . bert group ( ad - lib ) Mr. doe ! she will be all right ! we have get a car downstairs . . . they follow JOHN out , chatter excitedly . only connell and the colonel remain . colonel Long John ! Close - up : of connell . he glare at D. B. defiantly . Close - up : of D. B. awe - stricken by the scene he have witness . med. shot : connell and the colonel . connell ( to D. b.—defiantly ) there you be , norton ! the people ! try and lick that ! come on , Colonel . they exit , arm in arm , as the music swell usuggest emergence from darkness and confusion to light and understanding . fade out . the end