megamind written by Alan schoolcraft &amp ; Brent Simons credit sequence newspaper headline montage : headline flash before we , display they accompany photograph . " uberman - metro city's hero after defeating master mind ! photo : a chisele , statuesque man wear the coolest super hero suit imaginable , complete with flowing cape , shine a confident smile at the lens . this be uberman , champion of metro CITY . " uberman defeat master mind' giant robot ! " photo : Wide - shot of uberman in mid-flight lift the giant robot in the sky above the city building . " master mind all wet after uberman foil aquarium heist ! " photo : uberman stand knee - deep in water . he have he enemy by the collar . the villain block he face from the shot with a metallic gauntlet . the image start to flash by even quick , each show the mysterious villain in various stage of humiliation . in each photograph he successfully block he face with he armored glove . we zoom in to the last headline . " master mind behind bar once again - thanks to uberman ! " photo : uberman stand in a gallant pose with he fist on he hip , obviously try to accentuate the " U " insignia on he chest . end of credit sequence ext . build - day we dissolve from the photograph to uberman stand in the exact same position . we pull back show he atop a build overlook the city below . a perfect view for we guardian hero . he watch the thriving metropolis , bristle with life as people happily go about they day . yet , we can not help but detect a hint of sadness in uberman 's expression . 2 . uberman you look so peaceful from up here . his serenity be suddenly interrupt by a loud beeping SOUND come from he wrist . he look down at a bracelet ( a manly one ) on he right arm . it 's a silver band with a flashing red letter " U " . uberman ( cont 'd ) look like roxanne 's in trouble again . uberman leap off the building and into the air . his cape gracefully flow in the breeze behind he as he shoot off into the distance like a speed bullet . ext . observatory hideout - establishing shot grime and moss decorate the outside of this long abandon building overlook the coast . once a place of knowledge and wonder - now home to a great evil . int . observatory hideout - day the inside be in complete contrast to the exterior . the huge hall with a giant telescope teem with advanced electronic equipment . Computers , monitor and machine which do not have a obvious function flash and hum . a steel door slide open , revealing the subject of we story master mind - a villainous sight to behold . his face be inexplicably light blue , top by a oversize , mushroom - shape head with a circular patch of white hair on top . he 's dress in the kind of costume only a super villain could pull off : a purple jumpsuit and black boot ensemble with a giant GREEN " m " on the chest . his right hand , hang at he side , be a metal gauntlet with three short spike protruding between he knuckle . master mind begin to survey the room with he two permanently arched eyebrow . a man dress as albert einstein be busy ranting to two other man . one , a hulk brute , be dress as LEONARDO da vinci . the other , a small intellectual - type carry a clip-board , be dress as the philosopher plato . einstein I hate the outfit . I mean , I get it : we be all suppose to be " mastermind " - very clever . ( more ) 3. einstein ( cont would ) I just feel stupid . I mean , what the hell do Einstein really do anyway ? plato Theory of relativity . Einstein start feverishly scratch he side . einstein well , you would think he would invent a wool sweater that do not itch so much . Da vinci and plato 's eye suddenly grow with concern as they see master mind walk up behind Einstein . Einstein notice he colleague 's stare over he right shoulder and turn around . he turn around and master mind seize he by he throat with he metal gauntlet . master mind the real Einstein once say , " God do not play dice with the world . " he be right , because the world be my dice . be that understand ? da vinci &amp ; plato Sir ! yes , sir ! einstein ( gasp for air ) yes , sir . master mind undoe he grip on Einstein 's throat . master mind alright , then - clean slate . do we have the girl ? da vinci yes , sir . she fall into we trap just like you know she would . master mind Reporters be a curious lot , and easily manipulate . he quickly check he physique in a giant mirror , adjust he posture and suck in he gut . 4. master mind alright , let 's not keep the lady wait . moment later Da vinci escort a blindfolded and bound woman , roxanne ritchi , to the back of the room where plato and Einstein be stand guard over a large black swivel - chair face away from we . she pull free of Da vinci 's grasp and wait for he to undo the blindfold . her face uncover , we finally see roxanne 's strike feature - all of which seem overshadow by pierce eye that seem more put off by the situation than afraid of it . master mind ( o.s. ) miss ritchi , we meet again . the chair turn menacingly slow , finally revealing master mind . roxanne you do not need to turn around like that . I can recognize the stench of failure . master mind unleash a wick laugh . master mind I trust you gentleman know the very sassy roxanne ritchi , highly regard investigative journalist who some say have a more than friendly relationship with we super power foe uberman . and miss ritchi , I trust you have already meet my new crew : the mad geniuse ! roxanne give Einstein a once over . roxanne look like a real group of winner . at the risk of sounding cliche ' , you will never get away with this . master mind in a way , I already have . roxanne unleash a exhaust sigh . 5 . roxanne we go through this every time . you kidnap I to get to uberman , he immediately find you hideout , escape whatever lame trap you have come up with , and take you and you croney to jail . I propose we just save everybody some heartache this time by you let I go , and I forget this whole thing ever happen ? master mind what about my revenge ? roxanne we can say it be waste everyone 's time . master mind you have a wick tongue . I hope you rid yourself of that when you be my queen . roxanne unleash a snort - fill laugh . roxanne I be sorry . what make you think I would want to be you queen ? master mind power corrupt absolutely , miss ritchi . and when I have ultimate power over this city , I have absolutely every intention of corrupt you with it . plato Sir ! master mind turn to plato who 's now stand at a computer terminal . master mind ( annoyed ) what be it !? ext . observatory hideout - day uberman fly toward the observatory like a rocket . 6 . int . observatory hideout - day uberman crash through the wall to the room we be just in . he look around , but there 's suddenly not a soul in sight . CUT to : ext . master mind' hydrofoil - day the boat be shoot through the ocean , away from the observatory . int . hydrofoil control room - day machine , cable and terminal criss -cross the craft 's main bridge . through the enormous surround window we can see the observatory shrink in the distance . master mind watch uberman on a small tv monitor as the hero intently search he hideout . uberman ( on monitor ) master mind ! int . observatory hideout - day uberman throw up he arm in frustration when suddenly - master mind ( o.s. ) over here , old friend . he turn to see a familiar blue face of evil on a giant screen . uberman what 's the matter , miss you old jail cell ? uberman start walk toward the monitor . master mind ( on monitor ) actually , I want to share the experience with my oldest friend . a mechanized cage shoot out of the floor , suddenly trapping Metro City 's protector . totally unfaze , we hero stare on . 7. uberman you can not possibly believe this will work . master mind pull out a SMALL black BOX with a single red button on it . master mind ( on monitor ) oh , can not I ? I have attain control of the Earth 's most abundant energy source . I doubt even you be strong enough to withstand the full concentrate power of the SUN !!! he press the button . ext . outer space a sinister - look satellite orbit Earth 's atmosphere . its bay door suddenly open , deploy two huge solar panel . the panel shift , angle themselves in the direction of the sun . they immediately start glowing as they absorb the burn star 's power . the front of the satellite begin to make a loud humming SOUND as it prepare to unleash its unholy power . int . hydrofoil control room - day from the giant window we can see the boat be a good mile from the observatory . plato we be now at minimum safe distance , master . master mind turn from the camera he be broadcasting on and put down the control box . master mind excellent . stop here , I like this view . plato twenty second until impact . master mind turn to roxanne who be be hold by Da vinci and Einstein . she almost appear a little bored . disappointed by she lack of horror , he walk over to the monitor now show uberman trap in the cage . 8. master mind any last word ? uberman look up at the screen with a cocky smile . uberman ( on monitor ) yes : there 's no caging the power of justice . plato ten second to impact . on the screen we see uberman take two of the cage 's bar in he hand . he yank ... nothing . plato ( cont 'd ) nine ... master mind stare at the monitor , slightly confuse . plato ( cont 'd ) eight ... uberman yank on the bar again , this time use he foot as leverage . master mind ( genuinely concerned ) what 's go on ? uberman ( strain ) hold ...on... a second . master mind look back at plato and Einstein . they be equally befuddle at the hero 's sudden weakness . plato Seven ... uberman lose he grip and fall backward on he ass . uberman son of a bitch !! master mind and the minion all cringe in unison . Da vinci turn to roxanne not believe he ear . da vinci what do he just say ? 9 . plato six ...... five ... master mind begin to laugh . master mind what kind of trick be this ? uberman look up at the camera with a very grave expression . uberman like you do not know . this bar be make of copper , be not they ? plato four ... master mind yeah , so ? uberman try to shield he grief with he hand . uberman you figure out my weakness , damn you . I can't bend copper ! plato Three ... master mind you weakness be copper ? plato two...one . everyone turn to the window . ext . outer space the satellite fire a giant beam of light toward the earth . ext . observatory hideout - day the beam hit the observatory . the building instantly explode in a white nova blast of fire . int . hydrofoil control room - day the blast be so bright everyone turn away from the window . then , as suddenly as it begin , the awesome light die out . one by one , the passenger unshield they eye and look out toward the observatory . 10 . all we can see through the haze of destruction be fire and smoke . plato I do not think even he could have survive that . Einstein suddenly turn giddy with excitement . einstein whoa ! be it I or do you just finally destroy uberman ? master mind ( carefully skeptical ) well ... let 's not get ahead of ourselves . Da vinci suddenly see something outside . da vinci look , there 's something in the sky , come this way . roxanne uberman ! master mind turn toward the window . a object be in the air , fly directly toward they . as it close in we can just make out the familiar outline of a capped figure . master mind I know it ! prepare yourselves ! he be gonna ram US !!! everyone scatter and brace themselves for the impact . master mind , see all the good place take , do not know what to do with himself . he just cover he giant head with he hand . the figure crash through the window and land at he foot . he look down to see a charree black human skeleton . around its neck be the unmistakable black cape of uberman . master mind ( cont 'd ) ( horrify ) holy shit ! 11 . roxanne break out of Da vinci 's hold and run over to the body . roxanne uberman ? she stare down at the still smoking corpse , the tatter black cape with the yellow " U " on it . roxanne turn to master mind , who 's still visibly dumbfounded at the grotesque sight before he . roxanne ( cont 'd ) you kill he ! roxanne 's eye roll back . Da vinci catch she from behind as she faint . Einstein turn to master mind , look at he as if he 's just walk on water . einstein you do it ! now that he 's commit the impossible - we villain be at a complete loss . master mind ... so I do . einstein I mean , I know you always want to . I mean , all the scheme all the plot - I never think you would actually be capable of it . giddy as a school girl , Einstein turn to he fellow henchmen . einstein this be history . every villain and lackey in the history of villain and lackey dream of this moment , but when do it actually ever happen ? a sudden realization come over he face . einstein good lord ... you do all realize what we get to do now , do not you ? 12. his question be meet with acquisitive look from master mind and the other . einstein we get to go on a crime wave . crime wave montage - set to " fun fun fun " by the Beach boy . spinning headline : " uberman' death ignite CITY wide crime wave ! " armore truck it 's drive along when the man inside suddenly notice something - they 're flying high above the CITY street . we pull back to see the truck be carry by a giant claw at the bottom of a brain copter . Inside the cockpit master mind and he henchmen laugh maniacally . spinning headline : " champion - less CITY at the mercy of hooligans . " metro CITY bank Da vinci and Einstein run out the front of the bank hold bag of money . two beat officer see they and take chase after they around the corner and into a alley . after a moment the police reemerge from the alley scream and run for they life as a giant robot chase after they . the robot stop , then suddenly it 's head open up like convertible car top with master mind and plato at the driver 's wheel . they smile and shake hand at a bad deed well do . spinning headline : " master mind blackmails metro !!! " a vicious tornado it 's head for downtown Metro as master mind and the lackey coolly look on . Three large dump truck pull up , fill to the brim with brick of cash . 13. the driver jump out as the lackey take the driver seat in the three truck . master mind be about to climb into the passenger seat of one when a driver tap he on the shoulder and motion toward the tornado . master mind ( absentmindedly ) oh , right . master mind pull a television remote from he pocket and aim it at approach windstorm of death . he press the button mark " tornado off . " the tornado shrink and disappear just before it hit the city . as they drive through the city street , master stare out the window with a hint of something in he eye . be it melancholy ? end of montage ext . kingpin bowling - day it 's Metro City 's premier bowl alley . on top of the neon light building be a giant 30 foot tall cement bowling ball . int . kingpin bowling - day hal stewart ( early 30' ) take careful aim with he bowling ball . hal it 's a sport of honor , focus and grace . honor the ball , focus on the pin , release the ball not hard and fast , but as if you be release a baby dove . he take a step , pull back he arm , and release the ball , follow it with he eye . it 's a horrible shot - instant gutter ball . a age barmaid type with a cigarette hang from she mouth look over at he . hal okay , do something like that - but center it more . 14 . she pick up she custom make foghat ball and take aim . attractive blond tell I how my form look , honey . hal focus on the misshapen bump of she enormous Johnson administration era derriere . hal oh , it 's lookin ' good . it 's lookin ' real good . it do not get anymore clear . this man be a pig . vinnie ( o.s. ) hal , I want to see you in my office ! hal turn to see vinnie , owner of the bowl alley , call he . vinnie now ! int . kingpin bowling - vinnie' office - moment later hal sit down , face vinnie who 's sit at he desk . vinnie you be fire . leave you shirt and locker key . this bit of news hit hal like a freight train . hal fire ? be you go to tell I why ? vinnie show up to work late . show up to work late drunk . sexually harass customer . stealing from the register . hal vinnie , I do not know where you be get this accusation - vinnie take out a video tape from he desk drawer and put in a vcr . 15 . hal oh , which one do you supposedly have here ? vinnie this be all of they at once . television a woman walk up to a bowling employee and hand he a pair of shoe . as the employee turn to the wall of shoe , a very drunk and dishevel hal come run in and push he aside . hal I have get this one , benny . so , cinderella . can I help you find you glass slipper ? woman yeah , I be look for a seven . he fold he arm on the counter and lean into she with a cat - like grin on he face . hal ( with a leer ) Seven - well , maybe I could interest you in something in a EIGHT . namely , I . disgust , she walk off screen . hal lesbo . suddenly realize the register 's open , he quickly grab a stack of cash and shove it in he pocket . back to office vinnie turn off the television and wait for hal to respond . hal from the angle of the camera , I can see where you might have get the wrong idea . listen , vinnie , I do not think you have think this through . if you fire I , who 's gonna be captain of the alley 's bowl team ? 16 . vinnie um , I do not know . maybe somebody who can actually bowl . you guy have never win a game . I hire you because you say you be on the pro circuit . hal no , I say I will be on the pro circuit . vinnie please , a loser like you will never amount to anything . this harsh remark seem to leave hal genuinely stunne . hal wow ... if that 's how you feel ... I guess we should then talk about what kind of severance I be gonna get . ext . kingpin bowling - day two bruiser open the door and throw hal out onto the street . he quickly pick himself up and turn back toward the building . hal hey ... what about my ball ? a bowl ball sail past he , just miss he head . hal thank -you ! ext . channel 7 news build - day the massive building with a giant 7 on the roof stand in the heart of Metro City . int . channel 7 news build - office - day the cubicle and office be alive with the hustle and bustle of a busy news day . phone be ringing , reporter be talking , and editor be shout . the elevator door open and out step roxanne ritchi . 17 . everything stop as the entire office suddenly fall silent . somewhat take aback by the reaction , roxanne scan the room to see every eye on she . roxanne it 's ...um ... it 's good to be back . thanks for everyone 's card and concern . I really appreciate it - now I be ready to climb back on the horse . no one be budging - they look of pity be really start to make she uncomfortable . the back office door suddenly open and out come frank bonin , the gruff , middle - age producer of Channel 7 News . notice the silence , he look up and see the sad expression on everybody 's face . frank someone die or something ? he suddenly notice roxanne - both foot be place firmly in he mouth . frank ( cursing himself ) oh , Jesus . roxanne it 's okay . Frank quickly walk up to roxanne and take she gently by the arm . frank come on into my office , sweetie . int . channel 7 news build - franks office - continuous he sit she down on he leather couch , then quickly turn toward he door . frank can we get this woman some water for God 's sake ? ( to Rebecca ) I give you two month off . what be you do back ? people be gonna think I be a slave driver . 18. roxanne be not you ? frank yeah , but I do not want people to think it . roxanne Frank , listen . I want to go back to work . I need to go back to work . frank ... you be hysterical , be not you ? Frank sit down on the couch and blanket roxanne with a warm embrace . roxanne what be you do ? frank keeping you warm before you go into shock . ( toward the open door ) do I have slice OPEN a camel hump to get a glass of water around here ? a secretary quickly enter with a bottled water . she set it on the table in front of they and leave . roxanne pull herself out of Frank 's grasp and stand up to face he . roxanne it be a traumatic experience . yes , everyone know uberman and I be ... close . but what I really need - what would really make I better be get back to work . there 's a sudden awkward silence from Frank . frank well , that 's go to be ... roxanne I think you would be happy to have I back . 19 . frank oh , we be . honey , nothing make we happier than to have we girl back , but ... roxanne yes ? frank thing have sorta ... change . roxanne in three week ? frank listen , I be not one who like to open up wound - especially one that be just start to scab , but you be sorta we go to girl for the exclusive on uberman . and now that he 's go ... I move Brad into you anchor spot . roxanne ( disgust ) Brad ? Brad helm ? the man be a idiot . frank it 's the suit . they think it 's time to switch thing up . roxanne oh , because they can not use I to get the big story . frank c'mon , roxie . use be in the nature of what we do . they use you , you use uberman . everybody 's happy . roxanne ( defensive ) I do not use he . frank oh , I do not mean that . I know you two be in love or something . my bad . roxanne we be . 20 . frank and that 's great . roxanne very in love . there 's a hind of self - doubt in roxanne 's expression , as if she 's fail to convince even herself of this . roxanne okay . so , where be they go to move I if Brad have my spot ? frank ... human interest . roxanne bake sale and pet storey . frank I tell they I would not be surprised if you just upped and quit . you bust you ass for that desk . roxanne can hardly get it out - she 's busy swallow she pride roxanne I will take it . Frank look up at she , not believe what he 's hearing . frank what ? ext . abandoned metro CITY library - night amongst the jungle of high rise , one small building stand out from the rest - a tiny , forget piece of 19th century gothic architecture . lightening flash , revealing two concrete gargoyle hold a crack plaque , read : metro CITY library . int . abandoned metro CITY library - night a mixture of old and new . dusty victorian furniture and dilapidate bookshelve sit side by side with pristinely futuristic machinery . the building have be convert into master mind 's new secret lair . 21 . in the center of the main room be a three storey tall glowing blue orb . at the base of it be a sign that read " reactor - do not touch . " we pan over to the reading room where master mind be sit on a couch watch television . reporter on television ( o.s. ) it 's be nearly six week , and still no word on the whereabouts of billionaire playboy , and philanthropist , Wayne Scott . tune in at 11:00 as we look into what have become Metro City 's biggest mystery . television narrator ( o.s. ) we now return to " the hero of we heart : the uberman story . " Einstein and plato come into the room hold a bag of loot . einstein just rob the diamond exchange . master mind ( feign pleasure ) great , great . put it on the pile . Einstein toss it on a large pile of purloin valuable in the corner of the room . einstein anything else today ? master mind no . master mind turn he attention back to the screen . plato see that master mind be in a funk and try to snap he out of it . plato ( cheerfully ) Sir , the new reactor be install . plato nod to the giant orb . plato do you want to throw the switch ? I know how you love to start reactor . 22. master mind maybe later . Einstein give master mind a funny look then exchange glance with plato before leave the two of they alone . without turn away from the tv , master mind address plato . master mind ( cont 'd ) what be it , plato ? plato ( nervously ) Sir , I can not help but notice that you have be ... a little down lately . master mind when I want you opinion I will beat it out of you . plato yes , sir , I know , but please forgive my impertinence . it 's just that you seem to have lose you lust for we profession . you have stop go on job and spend most of you time watch uberman special . master mind relax slightly and turn to face the window in a classically contemplative pose . after a overdramatic beat ... master mind I have defeat my great enemy . I have free reign over Metro City . I have more wealth than a thousand sultan . I have achieve all I have work for ... so why be I so unhappy ? he walk over to a painted portrait that look almost exactly like he , except slightly older , maybe meaner - master mind be father . master mind I mean , my father , god rest he evil and torment soul , raise I straight from the test tube to be a symbol of evil . ( more ) 23. master mind ( cont would ) and , I have accomplish something he have only dream about - the destruction of Metro City 's champion . I tell you , I have always live with this unquenchable thirst . I think it be to make he proud or to get absolute power . but now that I have pretty much accomplish both , I be at a loss . plato ... I sort of have a theory about all that . master mind ( snippy ) oh , really ? plato well , for one thing , maybe uberman be more important to you than you think . master mind he be a worthy rival . sometimes I wonder , do he consider I he evil equal or be I just a annoying , little gnat to he ? ... what 's the second part ? plato I think you sort of have a thing for roxanne ritchi . master mind quickly take he lackey by the throat . master mind you worm ! how dare you ! where would you get such a notion ? plato Sir , you plan always involve Ms. ritchi either be kidnap or place in danger . if that 's not love , I do not know what be . it 's the grow up equivalent of dip she pigtail in the ink well . do not you see ? she 's the one treasure that 's always escape you . from master mind 's expression , we see plato 's word beginning to ring true . 24 . int . resturaunt - day roxanne be have lunch with several girlfriend sit around she , gab . friend # 1 I can not believe you come back so soon . friend # 2 be you sure it 's not too soon , honey ? roxanne I just want to get back to work . friend # 3 what we need to do be get you back on the saddle ... the love saddle . friend 1 and 2 give 3 disapprove look . friend # 3 it 's be three week . friend # 2 she just lose the love of she life , Grace . a waiter come by with a tray of caesar salad and begin set they out for the lady . roxanne I keep try to tell people it be not really like that . uberman and I - we be kinda have problem . we break up . the waiter almost drop he tray at this . the woman be too shocked by roxanne 's revelation to notice . friend # 1 you break up with uberman ! friend # 3 you must have really , really high standard . I mean , you be dating a god . I mean , what 's it take ? roxanne maybe someone who 's a little more aware of he fault . someone a little more sensitive . 25 . friend # 3 right . someone who listen , sexy but attainable with cute little cheek like a hamster and heartbreak in he eye . she turn to friend one and two to explain . friend # 3 she want John cusack . friend # 2 the actor ? friend # 3 no , the famous pediatrist - yes , the actor . ever since we be teenager , roxanne 's totally have the hot for he . roxanne well , until he miraculously come walk into my life , I be just go to take a little reflection time for myself . the waiter get a confuse look on he face then slip away as roxanne and she friend continue to chat away . ext . resturaunt - day the waiter toss he apron in a trash can , then roll up he sleeve and press a strange looking device strapped to he wrist . his image get staticy , like a tv station go out , then disappear - revealing the man 's true form underneath : master mind ! master mind who the hell be John cusack ? ext . CITY STREET - day a young mother push she baby stroller past a building construction site . across the STREET a local politician address a group of reporter on the sidewalk , include roxanne . 26 . politician the fifth Avenue renovation Project , which I champion , will breath new life into the downtown area . New life mean new job and new revenue . roxanne councilman , be it true that you brother - in- law 's construction company win the contract for this project ? politician well ...er...ye , but ... look I be not here to answer a lot of crazy question ... young mother the young mother stop halfway down the block , reach into the stroller and try to comfort she now cry baby . above she , a crane be maneuver a pile of steel girder to a upper floor . hal come around the corner and head in she direction . crane the crane grind to a halt . the operator have a confuse look on he face as he move lever back and forth in a effort to fix the problem . hal stop a few foot from the woman and stoops down to tie he shoe . crane the operator 's hand slip off the lever , hit a red button . to he horror the crane drop its load of steel . hal and the woman the woman look up to see the girder second from crush she and she baby . she scream . hal look up and see it as well . he start to run out of the way and crash into the woman and stroller . across the STREET 27 . the reporter turn they camera just in time to catch on film what appear to be hal push the woman to safety just as the girder crash to the ground . hal and mother tear of joy in she eye , the woman pick up she baby and kiss it . hal struggle to catch he breath as the mother turn to he . young mother thank you ! thank you for save I and my baby ! she hug he with she free arm , weep with joy . hal ( not know what she 's talk about ) huh ? he 's a little uncomfortable with the woman 's public display of affection and the small child in - between they embrace . hal ( cont 'd ) there , there . hal slowly ease out of the woman 's grip . hal ( cont 'd ) okay , we better ... well , I hear this little guy smother easy . the reporter rush over and surround hal and the mother . roxanne what 's it feel like to be a hero ? hal look up at roxanne . instantly , he 's captivate by she beauty . hal well ... I be just a man do what man do . you be roxanne ritchi , be not you ? they be suddenly interrupt when another reporter push he way in between they . reporter be you scared ? 28 . hal scare ? who have time ? the reporter eat this up . int . abandoned metro CITY library - night television John cusack stand in the rain look up at a window of a two story house . he hold up a boombox and " in you eye " by Peter Gabriel begin to play . from the couch , master mind and he minion watch . master mind John cusack , huh ? so all I have to do be have a cute puppy dog stare , be willing to make a fool of myself and - oh , remove both my ball . he turn to see Da vinci watch the movie and wiping a tear from he cheek . master mind please , get a hold of yourself . int . bookstore - night roxanne be carry a large paper coffee cup in she hand as she peruse the isle . she set it down on a shelf to pull a book out and end up knocking the drink over . roxanne shit . she go to pick it up when someone bend down and pick it up for she . look up to thank he , roxanne be suddenly stunne speechless - it 's popular and critically acclaimed actor JOHN cusack , or rather master mind disguise as he . " JOHN cusack " oh the humanity - it be a venti . roxanne ( stunne ) you be ... you be . " JOHN cusack " yes , it 's I . John cusack ... the actor . 29 . he notice the book she 's read . " JOHN cusack " hey , be that shelly ? wait , I think remember something from that one - let 's see : " my head be scream ` I want you and need you ' - my heart it keep reach to see you and feel you - yet in the end , I be alone once again . " wow , I scare even myself . I be sorry . I be just really into poetry . probably because I be so sensitive and always go to great length to express myself . but enough about I . can I fill you up ? roxanne ( captivate ) ... yes . ( catch herself ) I mean , excuse I ? " JOHN cusack " can I fill you up ? you coffee . roxanne right . int . bookstore cafe ' - later roxanne talk as John cusack listen to she every word intently . roxanne I do have a boyfriend - until fairly recently . she suddenly begin to feel the stare around she as passer - by be to notice who she 's with . roxanne I be sorry - this be so surreal ! " JOHN cusack " yeah , they charge way too much at this place - now back to you boyfriend . I be interested and compassionate . I want to know about you . 30 . roxanne thing be complicated . he be a man marry to he work . there be ... there be a lot of competition in he line of business . I be sure you know what that 's like . " JOHN cusack " sure . in my business , one thing I have be rival . for example , mine be ...uh ... Lou ferr...igno . roxanne ... the body - builder who use to play the hulk on tv ? " JOHN cusack " do he ? well , we be always up for the same role . do you boyfriend have someone like that ? a particular rival that be always get he goat - so to speak ? roxanne well ... one rival in particular seem to get more of he attention than I ever do . but enough about my problem . " JOHN cusack " no , tell I more !!! suddenly realize he outburst , he begin coughing to mask it . " JOHN cusack " ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I get a whooping cough . have it ever since serendipity . I wonder where our refill be !!! ( fake cough ) see , there it go again . please , go on . roxanne right , well , he seem to need he more than he need I . " JOHN cusack " how do you mean ? 31 . roxanne it be conflict he thrive on . he always say he would not know what to do with himself if master - I mean , this guy be go . it be like he need it , like oxygen . the answer to he mental funk hit he like a bolt of lighten . he turn away from she as if for private time . " JOHN cusack " ( almost to himself ) I think I finally understand ... the only logical answer be to recreate that rivalry - or if that 's impossible , create one of equal structure . that 's it ! roxanne what ? John cusack snap out of he dream - like haze realize she 's hear every word . " JOHN cusack " oh , sorry , sorry . just rehearse for a part ... where I play a man who talk to himself at inappropriate time . in a sudden rush , he rise out of he chair . " JOHN cusack " I have to go right now , but I would really like to see you again - if that 's alright . roxanne look up at he - she can not help but laugh at the craziness of the situation . roxanne I would love that . int . abandoned metro CITY library - day master storm in the office to find plato and Einstein play dart with the original mona Lisa . einstein get she nose ! master mind I have get it ! 32 . everyone stop what they be do upon see that they master have return . master mind I have get it ! master mind it 's plain and simple . extraordinary mind need extraordinary stimulation . without that stimulus they wither and die . therefore , there be only one logical conclusion : I must create a new superhero . einstein yeah , maybe that 's not such hot idea ... master mind ( ignore he ) prepare for operation superhero Genesis ! int . abandoned metro CITY library - laboratory - day the lab be slick , white and ultra modern . dress in a lab coat , master mind enter through a sliding glass door rub he hand excitedly . master mind prepare the subject . he glance down into a large hole in the floor to see a naked thirty year old man , sever , shiver . above the hole , a huge vat dangle precariously . master mind step behind a glass partition next to plato and Einstein . master mind ( cont 'd ) plato , pour the toxic waste . plato throw a switch cause the vat to tip hundred of gallon of green and brown goo into the hole . master mind ( cont 'd ) drainage . the slime be suck out through the floor , leave a goo - soak sever . 33. master mind look into the pit . master mind ( cont 'd ) well , sever ? sever I feel fine . just a little sticky , but aside from that everything 's completely - boom - sever explode . a hail of blood and tissue cover master mind and he man . for a good ten second nobody move a inch . finally ... master mind okay then . int . abandoned metro CITY library - laboratory - day through a glass water tank we see a man breathe normally . master mind and this one ? plato we attach gill to he . he can breath under water . master mind ah. do he have extraordinary strength ? plato well ...no. master mind can he fly ? plato no . master mind resilient to weapon fire ? plato no . master mind he just breathes under water , then . plato ah ...yeah . 34 . master mind roll he eye and walk away . int . abandoned metro CITY library - laboratory - day the next guinea-pig , stenwick , be stand in a seal glass tube not much wider than himself . master mind plato , the radioactive spider , please . plato throw the switch dropping a single spider onto stenwick 's arm . stenwick look and wince as it bite he . stenwick ow ! he brushes the spider off . master mind anything , stenwick ? stenwick ( shake ) no. ah ...sir , I do not know this be about spider . I have a pretty severe case of arachnophobia . master mind think for a moment , then turn to plato . master mind we be gonna need more venom . plato throw another switch , this time dumping thousand of spider on poor stenwick . his scream begin to fade as he 's engulf with swarm of crawl arachnid . master mind ( cont 'd ) how `bout now , stenwick ? .... stenwick ? int . abandoned metro CITY library - office - day master mind be pace back and forth . the mute tv play in the background . master mind this have prove to be a challenge . I just do not know what I want . what do I want ? 35 . he stare at Einstein , Da vinci and plato , but they offer no advice . master mind ( cont 'd ) I want a man of moral fiber with a strong sense of right and wrong . someone who do not seek power - instead , they must have it thrust upon they and find , within themselves , the courage to rise to the occasion . Einstein let out a short laugh , get everyone 's attention . einstein yeah , well , it sound like what you want be uberman . master mind snap the finger of he non-metal hand . master mind that 's it ! why make a copy when the real thing will do ? the lackey look at each other , they can not believe what they be hearing . einstein I be just kid , sir . in case you forget , you actually burn uberman alive . master mind then we will make a new one . plato , bring I the box ! minute later master mind and the lackey stand in a circle around a small table . plato place a stainless steel chest in the table center . as master mind open it , he 's immediately douse in white glow emanate from inside . master mind behold - uberessence . the very thing that give uberman he superhuman power . 36 . einstein where the hell do you get that ? master mind oh , I shot he with a power suck gun and have this idea to use this to clone a whole army of evil ubermen . I be not sure why I never get around to follow up with that . plato I believe he defeat you before you could , master . master mind ... right . man , he be good ! da vinci you want another volunteer , sir ? master mind not another volunteer drive by the need for personal gain . somebody else , somebody pure . master mind turn to see a interview with hal play on the mute television . underneath he face be a blue caption with white lettering that read : " hal Stewart - Metro City 's newest hero ? " news reporter ... who risk he own life to save that of a young mother and she child . hal please , please , you be embarrassing I . I see someone in need and I help they . what more can we ask of ourselves . I ask you , what more ? a smile creep across the evil one 's face . master mind ( cont 'd ) somebody like he ! ext . CITY STREET - day plato be sit in the van , stare into a pair of binocular as he speak on a cellphone . 37 . plato yeah , sir . this guy be a real piece of work . he use to teach bowl at kingpin' . int . master mind' hideout - day master mind be sit with he foot up on a computer console as he speak to plato . master mind ( into phone ) a modest profession to brilliantly hide he true heroic nature . I love it . ext . CITY STREET - day plato then you be absolutely go to love this - we follow plato 's line of sight across the street where we see hal playing with a large group of blind child . plato - he volunteer at a school for the blind . int . master mind' hideout - day intrigue , he suddenly sit up in he chair . master mind he volunteer . he do not ask for any reward for he deed . the fate be shine down on I . this Mr. Stewart be truly a unselfish soul . ext . blind school - day from a distance , hal seem to be consol a upset child who 's sit on a rock . but up close ... hal you greedy little bastard . I already give you a twenty . blind kid hey , you want I to play along ? then pay up , bitch ! 38 . hal Fine , but you better be convincing . he give the kid a bill out of he wallet and look over he shoulder to see a hot teacher walk toward they . hal here she come , go to work . like a miniature brando , the blind kid bury he face in he hand and begin to cry . blind kid ( weep ) why can not I see ! why God ? hal put a warm consol hand on the weep boy 's shoulder . hal hey , Peter . c'mon champ , let I look at you . the hot teacher stop and curiously watch from a distance . the boy look up at hal , tear run down he dark sunglass - he should get a oscar . hal you know , in life we be all give no more than we can bear . this happen to you maybe because you be mean to rise above it - maybe to be a inspiration to the other little petey out there . blind kid you really think so , hal ? hal hey , do it look like I be lie ? now c'mon , go feel you way to class before you get you little butt suspend . the boy stand up and be about to take off . hal petey , wait a minute . hal use he shirt sleeve to wipe the tear away from the boy 's face before send he on he way . 39 . the hot teacher grab she chest . her heart be about to absolutely melt . hal do not run into anything ! ext . STREET - continuous plato lower he binocular . from he perspective , hal should be next in line for popehood . plato I think I have see enough , sir . this be you guy . master mind ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) then return to base . we have much work to do . plato start up the van and pull away . int . bar - day it 's a busy night . a couple of trucker type be shoot pool as the bartender sling drink . hal be nursing a beer at the bar when he suddenly notice a very attractive woman sit next to he . as he go to straighten he stool - posture , hal suddenly catch himself on the bar 's television - it 's a story about how he save the woman and she baby at the construction site . he turn back to the attractive woman next to he , then back to the tv . a plan of attack be form . hal ( obviously play it up for the woman 's benefit ) oh , there it be again . this be really get embarrassing now . the woman look up at the screen and give hal a double-take . attractive woman oh my God ! it 's you ! you be the man who save that woman and she baby the other day ! it be you , be not it ? trucker # 1 , get a drink at the bar next to they , overhear . 40 . hal roll he eye and put he hand up in the air . hal ( to attractive woman ) oh , crap . you get I . trucker # 1 tap hal on the shoulder . trucker # 1 let I tell you something . that be just about the bravest damn thing I have ever witness . ( he turn to the rest of the bar ) hey , everybody ! this guy 's the hero from tv ! the bar erupt in cheer . moment later hal be riding on the shoulder of trucker # 2 and trucker # 3 as `I be holding out for a hero ' play on the jukebox . trucker # 1 suddenly put he hand in the air . the room quickly go silent . trucker # 1 I want to give you something . he reach into he pocket and take out a medal . he hold it up in the air for everyone to see . trucker #1 ( cont 'd ) lose my whole platoon . they be a lot a good boy , a lot of good boy . that be just the way thing be in " the Grenada . " I would rather a real hero have this . trucker # 1 give the medal to a speechless hal . attractive woman hey , you be on tv again . the crowd look up at the Television . television - continuous the anchor man , brad helm ( early 40' , amazing mustache ) , suddenly have a memo pass to he . 41 . brad helm this just in . upon a second look at that tape from this morning , which we will now replay for you , it appear it be not the heroic act it first seem to be . the tape show hal run in slow motion . brad helm ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) with the tape slowed down you can actually see the man push the woman and she child out of the way in a effort to save he own life . the tape show hal , in a clear act of self - preservation , push the woman and child out of the way . CUT back to : int . bar - continuous in unison , everyone turn they head back to hal . hal I guess that look kinda bad . trucker # 1 snatch he medal back . ext . nearby roof - night master mind , Da vinci and plato look down , spot hal cut through a dark alley . da vinci there he be , boss . Da vinci hand master mind a fantastic look silver rifle . master mind now , we be sure this will not kill he ? plato yes , sir . he will just feel a slight electrical shock . master mind good . master mind raise the rifle and aim it at hal . 42 . ext . alley - night hal wipe the blood from he nose with he shirtsleeve . a lightening bolt suddenly zap hal in the back . his tooth spark and arc electron as he entire body shake and shudder violently . he finally collapse , knock over a row of garbage can . ext . nearby roof - night a angry master mind slap plato . master mind slight electrical shock ? ext . alley - night hal lie flat on he back , he jacket smolder . daze , he slowly rise to he foot and look up at the sky . hal God , I hate the weather in this city . hal walk off into the night as he attempt to slap the emit smoke from he jacket . ext . nearby roof - night master mind turn to Da vinci . master mind follow he . int . hal be apartment - night it 's a dirty , small studio . Laundry lie everywhere , dish be pile in the sink and the litter box look like a minefield . hal come staggering in . through he Pov we see the light wobble and streak like a hallucination . he shake he head try to clear thing up , but it look worse . hal make he way to the kitchen table and plop down on a chair . the room begin to swim . his cat jump on the table and sit down in front of he . 43. from hal 's Pov the cat 's face look like we be see it through a kaleidoscope . hal seem fascinate by it . cat you do not look so good , man . hal I do not feel good . I be strike by freaking lighten . suddenly hal realize he cat 's talk to he . hal ( cont 'd ) aaaaaahhhhh ! you can talk ? cat no , you be just hallucinate . by the way , we be out of orange juice . hal aaaaaahhhhh ! hal jump up , trip over a cardboard box and knock himself out on the coffee table . int . hal be apartment - morning hal lie in the same position we leave he last night . he sit up and grab he head . he look like he have the worst hangover in the world . finally , he remember last night . he look around , but not really sure what he 's look for . hal man ... shake he head , he walk to the kitchen and open the refrigerator . he pull out a orange juice container and put it to he mouth . it 's empty . as if suddenly remember something he look from the carton to the cat , who be busy clean himself . he shake the think from he mind . bathroom hal lift the seat and unbuckle he pants . 44 . hal be face he stare at the ceiling with half close eye . the inevitable sound of urine hit water start . a content look wash over he face . there be a distinct sound of porcelain cracking and splintering . the sound intensify . hal look down to see he urine stream smashing the toilet . hal ( cont 'd ) oh , God ! he whip he stream away only to cut a long rip in the wall . hal ( cont 'd ) oh , God ! he freak out and begin to lose control of he flow as it destroy everything he accidently aim at ; the bathroom mirror , a bottle of cheap cologne , the bathroom window . hal ( cont 'd ) oh , God ! he aim back for the toilet , which be pretty much rubble now , to see the floor give way . finally , the pee stop and he glance down the hole . he see he downstairs neighbor sit at he breakfast table . he have a fork halfway to he mouth as he stare at the smashed toilet on he pancake . ext . STREET - day hal turn the corner to see he bus pull away from the stop . hal wait ! he start run after it . zoom - he take off like lightening . hal ( cont 'd ) whoa , whoa , whoa ! unable to stop , he slam into the back of the bus and fall back to the ground . 45 . as the bus continue on he see a indentation of he torso right below the rear window . stun , to say the least , he rise to he foot . hal ( cont 'd ) something 's not right here . he slap himself in the face as hard as he can . hal ( cont 'd ) wake up ! wake up , hal ! honk ! hal spin around to see a car barrel toward he . he go to jump out of the way - zoom - he fly two stories up , nail a building and come crash back down to the sidewalk . hal sit up , dishevel and scared . hal ( cont 'd ) okay , okay . let 's get it together , man . he close he eye in a attempt to will back he sanity . hal ( cont 'd ) this be just some sort of ... episode . it will pass , it will pass . he open he eye and look down the street . a beautiful naked woman be come toward he . hal ( cont 'd ) well , not too fast I hope . as she pass he and turn the corner out of he view he catch another naked woman - a old disgusting one . hal ( cont 'd ) yes , fast , fast ! he turn away from she in horror only to see a entire block of naked people go about they business . he rub he eye and look down the street again . everyone have return to a clothed state . 46 . he relax a little until he look down and notice that he 's float a foot off the ground . hal ( cont 'd ) I think I need to go home . int . hal be apartment - day hal 's front door creak as it slowly open , revealing master mind . he walk over to the bathroom and smile to himself as he notice the giant hole in the floor . master mind welcome to you second birth , hal Stewart . master mind continue to survey the room . he stop to look over a " karate kid " poster on hal 's live room wall . he focus on the majestic image of Pat morita teach a young Ralph macchio to kick . master mind ( cont 'd ) instruction be very important in the formative year . every hero need a mentor , a father figure to look up to . he press he special watch , cause he body to morph into the spitting -image of PAT morita . " PAT morita " perfect . int . hal be apartment - day hal enter , grab a bottle of vodka from atop of the fridge and take a long pull from it . voice ( o.s. ) a man will usually find that if he drink from a bottle , eventually , the bottle drink from he . hal do a spit take . in the corner a darken figure stand . hal who be you !? 47 . voice I be the guide on you journey . fate have choose you to be it 's champion . Pat morita step out from the shadow . hal pass out again . later we be close on hal 's face as he eye flutter open . he appear to be lie on the couch . he hunch up on he elbow , look around , but everything be as it seem . he lay he head back down . hal thank God . it be a dream . man , I must be lose it . a voice sound right next to he ear . " PAT morita " ( o.s. ) you know you be out of orange juice ? hal leap up to find he 's be rest he head on Pat 's lap . hal Jesus ! this be not happen , this be not happen . hal back away and trip over a box . " PAT morita " calm . all thing must be filter through calmness . hal bullshit ! sometimes it 's best to freak out . " PAT morita " I think we must work on you attitude first . hal look I be gonna call the cop in about two second if you do not get out of here . 48 . Pat rise and walk to hal . he 's so calm it make hal calm . " PAT morita " be you calm now ? hal yeah , I be okay . Pat slap he across the face hard . " PAT morita " good , because we have get a lot of work to do . hal grab he jaw . hal what the hell be that for ? " PAT morita " rule number one : expect the unexpected . hal can you just tell I what this be all about ? " PAT morita " the heaven be not in the habit of bestow a gift such as this to just anyone . you be be reward for be a man of great moral fortitude with a unwaver belief in humanity . hal that 's I alright . " PAT morita " I be to train you so you may fulfill you destiny to defeat the great menace to Metro City : master mind . Pat get up and walk toward the door . " PAT morita " ( cont 'd ) come . hal we be be we go ? 49 . " PAT morita " to train . ext . PAT be car - day Pat be sit in the driver 's seat . the car be bump up and down . " PAT morita " strength be just as much in the mind as it be the muscle . remember , both need to be exercise . we pull back to see hal lift the car up over he head . he 's hardly strain . hal i'm lifting a freaking car !!! Pat lean on the horn . " PAT morita " hey , corky ? you listen ? two highly attractive female jogger run by . they be clearly impressed with hal 's show of strength . he smile and mouth a " hello . " hal yeah , work both muscle . ext . desert - day Pat cock back the chamber of a .357 magnum . he hold it up and carefully take aim ... at hal 's chest . " PAT morita " trust I . hal what be you do !? " PAT morita " a invulnerability test . something wrong ? hal uh...yeah . I would prefer not to get shot . do not fire that thing ! frustrate , Pat lower the gun . 50 . " PAT morita " you be bulletproof . hal okay , do you know that for sure ? Pat quickly aim and fire . hal let out a high pitch scream as the bullet ricochet off he chest . " PAT morita " I do now . hal look down at he chest , not so much as a scratch . hal you suck . ext . sky - day hal be in the air fly in a sit position . he 's weaving back and forth . hal Ice man , I get a bogie on my tail . two Russian mig come in hard and fast . " PAT morita " hey ! hal what ? hal look down to see Pat morita yell at he from the roof of a building down below . " PAT morita " what do I tell you ? stomach down , hand up . hal sigh and assume the proper superhero in - flight position . hal God , I feel so gay . Pat 's cell phone begin to ring . he answer it . " PAT morita " ( in master mind voice ) what be it ? 51 . roxanne ( v.o. ) John ? Pat panic . he look up to make sure no one be in earshot . he see hal now do somersault in the air . hal yeeee hawwww ! Pat turn he attention back to the phone , talk in he John cusack voice . " PAT morita " ( in cusack voice ) yes , it 's John cusack . roxanne ( v.o. ) hi , it 's roxanne . listen , I ... I really enjoy talk with you the other day . " PAT morita " ... as do I . roxanne ( v.o. ) great . God , I feel really silly , and if you have a lot go on I totally understand . but , I be wonder if you maybe want to have lunch . he can not believe what he 's hearing . " PAT morita " ( excited ) I would love to ! he quickly recover he composure . " PAT morita " ( cont 'd ) I mean , I am a little hungry . roxanne ( v.o. ) great . how do the park sound , around noon-ish ? " PAT morita " sure ! roxanne ( v.o. ) great , see you then . 52 . Pat hang up the phone and return it to he pocket as hal land behind he . hal whooooa ! man , that be so cool . it 's like fly - oh my God , I almost say it be like fly . " PAT morita " for the rest of the day I want you to continue to practice you fly posture . hal why , where be ya go ? " PAT morita " ... to do something ... mysterious ...and asian . hal say no more , bro . I will just keep at it , then . ext . park - day John cusack and roxanne eat wrapped sandwiches while walk through Metro City Park . roxanne how 's you sandwich ? " JOHN cusack " it 's quite delicious . roxanne hope you do not think I be too forward . some man be intimidate when a woman ask they out . I just find you really easy to talk to . " JOHN cusack " and I you . roxanne you know , you be not at all like you be in the movie . " JOHN cusack " I be not ? 53. roxanne yeah . I do not know - you have this strange , refine way of speak . " JOHN cusack " I do ? that be most interesting . roxanne anyway , when we be talk the other day I just feel , even though we only talk for a couple of hour , that we have know each other for year . " JOHN cusack " I know just what you mean . roxanne bite into she sandwich . roxanne you know what ? this sandwich be disgusting . she toss it in a nearby garbage can . roxanne ( cont 'd ) of course I already eat half of it . I wonder what that say about my character ? " JOHN cusack " it mean you do not give up on a sandwich . you see that it have potential , and you give it every chance to be all it can be . roxanne smile at he analogy . roxanne thanks , but know I , I be probably project my expectation of what a lunch should be on the sandwich . it might have be okay at first , but I just make it bitter . John cusack notice roxanne 's smile start to fade . " JOHN cusack " be that what happen with you last sandwich - I mean , boyfriend ? 54 . roxanne when I look back , I probably should not of expect so much from he . he be already a give person . you know , one of that go out and save the world type . " JOHN cusack " I have run into a few . roxanne I be selfish , I guess . I do not want to share he with anybody else . " JOHN cusack " it sound like he be a special man . roxanne they break the mold . John cusack arch he eyebrow in a very familiar manner . " JOHN cusack " perhaps not . int . abandoned warehouse - day hal walk up to Pat morita sport a Lone Ranger - type mask and wear a purple and red superhero costume . it 's not unlike uberman 's except for a giant " T " on he chest . ( from here on , hal be refer to as titan ) titan what 's the " T " stand for ? " PAT morita " titan . titan what 's that suppose to mean ? " PAT morita " it 's from Roman mythology . Zeus 's father ...oh , just go with it . you look perfect . titan I do not think this mask be big enough . be you sure no one be gonna recognize I ? 55 . " PAT morita " it 's fine , just do not slouch . it 's all in the posture . he grab titan 's shoulder like a proud papa . " PAT morita " ( cont 'd ) it be time . int . bank - day there be a long line of people snake around the velvet rope . they be all wait for they chance at the one open teller window . four man wear beatle mask ( JOHN , paul , GEORGE , and ringo ) and carrying shotguns enter the bank . John fire a shot in the air , send everyone into a immediate panic . JOHN alright folk , this be a robbery . nobody move - yadda , yadda , yadda ... ringo jump over the teller wall and start stuff bill into a bag . as John and Paul cover the crowd , George go to the corner office and put a gun to the bank manager be head . GEORGE the safe . let 's go . bank manager okay , just do not hurt anyone . GEORGE yeah , yeah , yeah . George lead he out by the collar . crash - titan smashes through the window and land in a bold superhero stance with hand on hip . titan well , boy , there 's no need for all this just to get the free toaster . Paul cock he gun . 56 . paul what be you suppose to be ? we move in for a nice dramatic close up . titan justice . GEORGE well , justice , suck on this ... George , John and Paul open fire on titan . he just stand there and yawn as the bullet bounce off he . with they gun empty the three just stare at he in amazement . titan now it 's my turn . he turn to George . titan ( cont 'd ) hey , George , here come the sun . titan grab George and throw he into a fluorescent light fixture in the ceiling . Paul try to run for the door . titan snatch the collar of he jacket . titan ( cont 'd ) say , Paul , you mother should know ... that you be a scumbag . he toss Paul out the window and into a park delivery truck . titan turn around just as John hit he with the butt of he shotgun . it instantly break apart in he hand . titan lift he like a rag doll up into the air . titan ( cont 'd ) John , all you need be love ... he throw John who land on top of a cubical wall - groin first . titan ( cont 'd ) ... and a good urologist . 57 . titan effortlessly hop over the teller wall to find ringo cower on the floor . he grab he by the shirt and lift he up . hal well , ringo...um...um... you be under arrest . ext . bank - day titan walk out of the bank with ringo and George under he arm . he 's suddenly swarm by a group of television reporter , include roxanne . across the street be Pat morita . he watch titan 's first news conference with great anxiety . bank manager ( to hal ) on behalf of the first National Bank of Metro City , I would like to offer you a reward for you act of bravery . he hand titan a check . titan ( read ) ten thousand dollar ! titan look over to Pat , who violently shake he head no . titan ( cont 'd ) ( unenthusiastically ) I ...ca not except this . Law and order be it 's own ...um... reward . Pat give he the thumb up . Pat turn , suddenly see roxanne with she camera crew . captivate , he eye lock on she . meanwhile , roxanne and she cameraman , seth , be maneuver around the crowd to get closer to titan . brad helm ( o.s. ) not so fast , roxanne . they both turn to see roxanne 's reporter rival Brad helm , geraldo without the class , and he cameraman , frank . brad helm this story 's mine . 58 . roxanne listen , Brad . we be just in the area . I be just try to - brad helm I have be in this business long enough to know pretty well what you be " just try to do . " besides , I hear you could not take the big game anymore and be put on fluff detail ? dejected , roxanne turn and motion for Seth to turn the camera off . seth you be not gonna take that from he , be you ? roxanne he 's right . Old habit , I guess . ( to Brad ) we will get out of you way . as they walk off , Brad make a comment to Frank loud enough for she to hear . brad helm besides , I be sure there 's a pancake supper somewhere that need cover . int . abandoned metro CITY library - office - day on television we see the news conference on the bank 's step . in the corner of the screen be write : " record earlier . " brad helm for month now , since the death of uberman , the citizen of Metro City have be hold out for a hero . well , it appear they will not have to hold out for much longer as a new costume crusader have suddenly storm onto the scene . today , at the Metro saving and trust , a mask mystery man single - handedly defeat " the fab four gang . " just who be this new cape avenger ? Brad hold the microphone to titan 's face . 59 . brad helm I be sure all of we viewer be now wonder , what 's the " T " stand for ? titan it 's a message to all the scum out there . uberman may be go , but Metro City have a new protector , and he name be " tighten ! " another reporter lean in . reporter how do you spell that ? we pull back to see plato and Da vinci watch this spectacle . master mind be sit with they , read a newspaper . master mind ( read paper ) oh , for heaven 's sake . I can not believe it . he misspel he name . master mind hold up the newspaper . the headline read " Metro 's New hero : tighten . " master mind ( cont 'd ) no matter , I suppose . master mind throw the paper on the floor and begin to pace around the room with he arm fold behind he back . master mind ( cont 'd ) we have now fully establish titan as Metro City 's hero . they will love he just as they love uberman . everything be go accord to plan . Einstein lean over and whisper in plato 's ear . einstein ( whisper ) yeah , if the plan be get we in jail . master mind turn around , face Einstein . he walk over , stand face to face with the rebellious henchmen . 60 . master mind you know , Einstein , maybe I should have call you socrate . he also do not know when to keep he thought to himself . einstein I just fail to see the point in all of this . I mean , why be we create another superhero when it be such a pain in the ass for you to get rid of the other one ? I mean , uberman be destroy , we should be use this opportunity to ...to ... master mind to what ? einstein I do not know . to take over the weather , space , the world - whatever super villain be supposed to do . master mind the reason someone like you will always be a minion be because you have no foresight . we take over the earth , like you say . then what ? woman ? Cars ? money ? even the grandest treasure will lose they lustre if you do not have someone to hold they over . Einstein throw up he hand . he 's have enough . he pull off he wig and throw it to the floor . einstein that 's it ! this balance of the force bullshit be get way too Oprah for I . I be blow . who 's with I ? master mind you dare ? einstein yeah , I dare . I be sick of wear stupid costume , and I be sick of work for a super villain who 's turn into a softie . 61 . plato and Da vinci 's mouth drop to the floor . they turn to master mind for he rebuttal . master mind what - do - you - call I ? einstein you hear I . you use to be a inhuman monster , now look at you . you be create super heroes , you do not go with we on robbery anymore , it 's be day since you threaten anyone , oh , and not to mention this roxanne ritchi thing . master mind that be none of you business , knave ! einstein hey , you guy have not seal the deal yet , have you ? master mind silence ! einstein ( in a woman 's voice ) oh , master , you head be so big . master mind I be warning you , Einstein . einstein ( in a woman 's voice ) take I ! master mind I say silence ! with he metal gauntlet master mind grab Einstein by the throat and lift he into the air . Einstein look frighten as he try to pry himself free of master mind 's grip . master mind 's eye soften as if he heart be suddenly not into what he 's about to do . he let 's Einstein drop to the floor . master mind ( cont 'd ) get out of my sight . 62 . ext . restaurant - night roxanne and John cusack be eat on the outside patio of a fancy restaurant . roxanne do not get I wrong , I love be a reporter . I do not think I could do anything else . it 's the consequence of what we do that I be have a problem with . he listen intently as he refill she glass with wine . " JOHN cusack " that 's where journalistic responsibility come in , no ? roxanne it 's suppose to . " JOHN cusack " sound to I like you be run from something . roxanne I get someone I care about kill . if it be not for I , he would not have be involved . John suddenly get a disturb look in he eye , realize what she 's talk about . he reach across the table and take she hand . " JOHN cusack " you can not blame yourself . my father use to say each of we must answer the great call to truly feel alive . roxanne be he a actor ? " JOHN cusack " ... no . he be ... a landscaper . and a horrible one . I mean he would fail time and time again at he ... landscape . and sometimes he would get pretty beat up or throw in jail - roxanne jail ? 63. " JOHN cusack " my point be he take the good with the bad . he grow a little each time . improve , learn . roxanne be he ever successful ? " JOHN cusack " God , no ... but do not let deter you . roxanne laugh . roxanne thanks for this . you know , this be embarrassing , but it 's be a long time since I - it 's start to lightly sprinkle . roxanne look up . roxanne ( cont 'd ) I think it 's start to rain . we might want to find a table inside . " JOHN cusack " what be you gonna say ? roxanne oh , I be gonna say ... it 's be a long time since ... well , I have be with someone I ... enjoy be with . John cusack smile warmly and raise he glass for a toast . " JOHN cusack " to people who enjoy be with each other . they go to clang glass , when the rain suddenly cause John cusack 's disguise generator to short . his true form of master mind be briefly reveal to roxanne as a bolt of electricity encircle he body . roxanne drop she glass and jump out of she seat . master mind ( cont 'd ) oh , no . do not look at I . like a broken tv the image keep switch between master mind and JOHN cusack . 64 . as master mind start to franticly slap at he watch , the cusack disguise begin to hold steady . he nonchalantly return to cut he steak . " JOHN cusack " okay , never mind that . now , where be we ? roxanne grab he glass and throw the drink in he face , cause the generator to short out permanently . master mind now sit in he true blue form . roxanne oh my God . master mind you be not gonna get all freaky about this , be you ? roxanne this ... this be too much , even for you . God , I go out with you , tell you my innermost thought . master mind I only do this because I want to talk to you on the same level . you know , without all the baggage ? roxanne baggage ? you burn my boyfriend alive , you sick son-of - a-bitch ! master mind you see , that 's exactly what I be talk about . roxanne start to walk away . master mind ( cont 'd ) roxanne ! roxanne stay away from I . master mind sink back down to he chair . despite the now heavy rain bombard he , he return to he food . several resturaunt patron 's be look at he through the window . 65 . we villain turn to they , give they a villainous glare . master mind what ? int . master mind' bedroom - night master mind be lie on he back , wide awake . master mind ( mumble to himself ) stupid . what be I think ? plato , it 's he fault . he 's the one who send I on this weak - will path . I will filet he scrotum for this . I , a creature of evil , in love with roxanne ritchi . preposterous . I hardly give such matter think he roll onto he side . he yawn and close he eye . suddenly , they shoot back open . CUT to : ext . roxanne's apartment - night master mind pull up in a blue roll royce , across the street from roxanne 's apartment he stare up at the building , hope to catch a glimpse of she . finally , she appear , primp she hair in she apartment window 's reflection . master mind I should just go up there and just lay it all out to she . " roxanne , I like you - I always have . oh , and I be sorry I blow up you ex . ( realize the absurdity of he word ) yeah , that would go over like a pants - less clown at a child 's birthday party . what the hell be I even do here ? who care what she think ? I be a supervillain and here I be act like a love strike schoolboy . forget this . I control my own destiny ! 66 . he turn the ignition key - nothing happens . he repeat but get the same result . master mind ( cont 'd ) ( disgust ) perfect . int . roxanne's apartment - night she pull a pack of smoke off she night stand . empty . roxanne damn . she grab she long coat and throw it over she robe . ext . roxanne's apartment build roxanne step outside . roxanne please be open . across the street be a liquor store . the light be still on . roxanne ( cont 'd ) thank god. she walk across the street , pass in front of master mind 's car . spot she , he sink down in he seat . roxanne walk by , totally unaware of he presence . relieved , master mind sit back up and watch she go into the store . int . liquor store - night roxanne walk up to a elderly Korean shopkeeper at the counter . roxanne a pack of Lady strike , please . ext . master mind be car - night master mind be talk on he cell phone . master mind hello , triple a ? 67 . he suddenly spot something across the street . ext . liquor store - night a hoodlum walk up to the entrance of the store and pull out a gun from under he coat . ext . master mind be car - night master mind stare in shock . master mind I will call you back . he hang up the phone and watch the hoodlum go inside the store . int . liquor store - night the hoodlum reach across the counter and grab a fist full of cash from the register . shopkeeper hey ! shotgun hoodlum shut up , gramp . he turn to roxanne , spot a gold necklace around she neck . shotgun hoodlum ( cont 'd ) gimme that necklace ! roxanne I do not think so . the hoodlum cock he shotgun . shotgun hoodlum I say give it to I ! master mind ( o.s. ) the lady say no . the hoodlum turn around to see master mind in the doorway hold a strange - looking hand cannon ( goo gun ) with knob and blink light . the hoodlum start to laugh . 68 . shotgun hoodlum what the hell 's that ? a super soaker ? master mind no , it 's a goo gun . the hoodlum turn he gun to master mind . shotgun hoodlum yeah , what 's it do ? master mind it goos . master mind fire the cannon . it instantly cover the store in a cloud of smoke . the smoke clear to reveal the hoodlum stuck to the wall , cover in a thick , GREEN gunk . roxanne stare at he , dumbfounded . master mind ( cont 'd ) it 's ... a prototype . master mind start to walk out when he 's suddenly confront by the shopkeeper . shopkeeper I know you ! you master Brain guy . you a hero . master mind point the goo gun at he . master mind do not - ever - say that again . ext . liquor store - night master mind walk out with the cannon rest on he shoulder like he 's a short timer in Da Nang . roxanne follow shortly behind he . roxanne hey ! master mind turn around . roxanne ( cont 'd ) be you follow I or something ? 69 . master mind do not flatter yourself . he turn away and continue walk . roxanne run in front of he block he way . roxanne do not walk away from I when I be talk to you . finally it occur to she what 's go on . roxanne ( cont 'd ) what a minute ... all that stuff you use to say to I when uberman be alive - about I be the loyal queen by you side as you rule over Metro City . that be not just super villain rhetoric , be it ? you actually mean it ! master mind my , someone have a rather high opinion of themselves . they stare at each other in silence , they glare lock in conflict . roxanne ( coldly ) do you really think I would be with someone like you ? this sting master mind to the bone . and after a brief contemplation , he reach the only logical , painful conclusion . master mind no . with that , master mind exit into the night , leave roxanne with a baffle expression on she face . int . abandoned metro CITY library - night master mind enter in a huff . Da vinci close the door behind he as plato notice he master 's agitate state . plato everything alright , sir ? master mind grab plato by the groin with he metal gauntlet cause plato 's eye to bulge in pain . 70 . master mind ( overly calm ) Fine , why do you ask ? plato you ...just ... seem ... master mind tighten he grip . master mind go on . plato ... distract . master mind release he . master mind just with business , my minion . just with business . I have decide it be time . plato you mean ? master mind yes , we have create we hero , now it 's time to give he a little motivation . da vinci how do we do that ? master mind to be simply good be not enough . a hero must be drive by a almost relentless desire to right a wrong that can never be correct . plato you mean ? master mind yes , he must lose someone near and dear to he - he father figure . gentlemen , it 's time for operation mentor kill ! ext . sky over metro CITY - day titan fly high over and through the city , under bridge , between building , etc . he 's not really work , just enjoy himself . 71 . int . woman' apartment - night a pretty woman sit at she makeup table wear nothing but she bra and panty . through the reflection in she mirror we see a large window directly behind she . as she apply lipstick we see titan fly quickly by in the background . after a moment he slowly slide back in view and begin ogling the girl . she see he in the mirror and quickly cover herself with a robe . titan try to hide he face as he zoom off . moment later titan look down to see a apartment build in ruin . emergency light flash around it as swarm of people run around in chaos . titan man , what the hell happen down there ? wait a sec - he stop in mid-air as he come to the strike realization . titan ( cont 'd ) that's my apartment !!! ext . hal be apartment build - day titan land in front of the rubble that be once he home . Reporters stand just beyond the police line . titan crap . from the wreckage crawl a die Pat morita . titan ( cont 'd ) PAT ! titan go and kneel beside Pat , hold he in he arm . titan ( cont 'd ) you okay ? " PAT morita " I be die , kid . there be just one last lesson I have for you . it be the most important of all . 72 . titan what 's that ? " PAT morita " master mind do this , you must avenge I . titan master mind ? why ? " PAT morita " because he 's evil . you must stop the evil hal - stop the ... Pat 's body go limp . the camera begin to pop and flash around they . titan gently lay Pat 's body down and stand respectfully over he . the reporter rush over . reporter 1 tighten , be this the work of master mind ? reporter 2 how will the death of you mentor affect you resolve ? reporter 3 be that Pat morita ? titan walk up to one of the camera . titan this injustice will not go unpunish . master mind , if you can hear I , tighten be come for you . in the background we see plato and Da vinci , dressed as paramedics , load pat 's body onto a stretcher . plato accidentally drop he side . as he bend down to pick it back up , Pat quickly slap he , then go back to play dead . int . abandoned metro CITY library - night master mind and the boy prepare the fortress for hal 's revenge attack . master mind be as giddy as a schoolboy . 73. master mind alright , people , we do not have much time . titan should be here any minute , so let 's get the lead out . there be a giant mounted death ray in the middle of the hall be tinkere with by Da vinci . master mind ( cont 'd ) how 's the death ray come ? da vinci nearly up to full power , sir . master mind hum . let 's turn it down a few notches . it 's he first time and we do not want to get in a lucky shot , now do we ? plato enter the room . master mind ( cont 'd ) anything on the radar yet ? plato not yet , sir . master mind I see . well , he must be plan something big . be the flame android deploy ? plato all twelve . master mind rub he hand in anticipation as he sit down on he throne . master mind wonderful , wonderful . plato , Da vinci , take you place next to I . they move to either side of the chair . master mind ( cont 'd ) no slouching . Da vinci straighten up and suck in he gut . they remain this way for several long moment . master mind occasionally glance at a digital clock on the wall . still no titan . 74 . later apparently quite some time have pass . the bold stance have degrade to fatigue . plato he 's certainly take he time . master mind he will be here . that 's the way it work . still later master mind recline in he chair and tap he metal gauntlet impatiently on the armrest . plato have squatted down , rest he chin on he hand . master mind ( cont 'd ) unprofessional , that 's what this be . no , it 's disrespect for the craft . master mind rise and begin to pace back and forth . master mind ( cont 'd ) would uberman have keep we wait like this ? of course not . he be a pro who know the score . it 's time we spell out a few thing for this titan . I will not be make a fool of . he storm out of the room . int . hal be new apartment - day titan 's sit on the floor in a barren apartment wear he costume top and some tighty whity . he sip he beer as he watch a basketball game on a tiny tv . much to he annoyance , there 's a knock at the door . titan oh , for cry out loud . he get up and open the door . it 's master mind . master mind do you know who I be ? 75 . it take a few moment to register , but titan 's suddenly excited . titan yeah , you be master mind . yeah ! you be actually the guy I want to see ! master mind oh , so now you want to get down to it . well , I want to get a few thing off my chest first . master mind walk past titan into the apartment . he spin around , point at he accusingly with one of he metal finger . master mind ( cont 'd ) of all the inconsiderate - do you have any idea how long we wait for you ? we be you even plan on come to I and get revenge ? titan shut the apartment door , and turn back toward he guest . titan well , at first I be go to . you know , because that 's what I figure I be suppose to do . but then I get to think - master mind ( interrupt ) - you get to think ? there 's nothing to think about . I be the villain . I do something bad , you come and get I . titan - I get to think ... what 's the point ? master mind throw up he hand . master mind maybe you be right . what 's the point ? he suddenly notice something in the corner of he eye . he walk over to a futon in the live room . on top of it be a large sack overflowing with gold watch , ring and other valuable . 76 . master mind ( cont 'd ) what be this ? titan that 's what I want to talk to you about . master mind ( baffle ) where do you get all this ? titan ( proudly ) get this : I steal they . master mind from where ? titan from all over . you see , once you kill Pat and ruin my other apartment building I be pretty piss off , so I figure I would go , find you and kick some ass . then I think to myself : " okay , then what ? " I mean , if we be to fight , what would I get out of it ? would I get my apartment back ? would I be able to pay the bill ? master mind well , what about you mentor ? titan tell you the truth ? he be kind of a dick . I mean , be a hero be dandy and all , but it 's volunteer work . now you have always have the right take on all this . I mean , when you rob a bank or take over the diamond exchange you get something out of it . I mean , when you do not get catch , which , no offense , be not very often . and that bring I to what I want to propose to you : who could catch you if I be by you side ? perplex by he proposal , master mind just stare at titan awe -struck . master mind you want to team -up ? 77 . titan you get the brain , I get the brawn . we could even call ourselves that : ` Brain ' and ` brawn ' . look at this . titan pick up a piece of poster board off the floor and show it to master mind . titan ( cont 'd ) I even design we some new costume . the picture be crudely draw with magic marker and crayon . a big head man ( master mind ) be stand on a plate of grass in a blue costume with a picture of a brain on he chest . next to he , be a picture of titan in a red costume with a black cape , but he chest be mysteriously blank . titan proudly point to the two figure . titan ( cont 'd ) see , you would be brain , so you get a little one on you costume , and then I will have brawn on mine ... once I figure out the best , you know , visual interpretation of it . what do you think ? master mind what do I think ? master mind shake he head tiredly . master mind ( cont 'd ) I think you be probably the biggest idiot I have ever meet . I mean , I can not believe you . all you gift , all you power , and all you want to use they for be you own financial fulfillment . you know what ? you kind of people make I sick . titan put down he draw . titan I work hard on this . master mind oh - gee - I be so sorry ! 78 . master mind look to Heaven in disgust . master mind ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) of all the people to pick , it have to be this loser . this strike a cord with titan . titan now , hold on . you be go a little too far . master mind I wish you mother say that to you father the night of you conception , they would have save I a whole lot of heartache . titan hey , I mean it . master mind get right in he face . master mind oh , yeah ? what be you gonna do ? ext . hal be apartment build - day we see master mind 's body crash through the building and land in a dumpster across the street . a car pull up . the driver 's door open . Da vinci get out and run to help he master . da vinci master ! master mind ( o.s. ) it hurt . Da vinci peek into the dumpster to see master mind 's body cushion by a stack of trash bag . da vinci what hurt ? master mind it ! the overly large henchmen start to pull he master from the dumpster when they suddenly hear a voice from above . it 's titan peek through the hole in he apartment wall . 79 . titan I do not need you , I do not need anybody . I have the power to do and take anything I want . and now , I be gonna take back everything this city owe I . beware Metro City , it 's time for titan to collect . titan shoot up into the air . titan ( cont 'd ) oh , and from now on - i'm gonna fly the way I want to fly ! he take a sit position and fly away as if he be piloting a invisible jet . master mind climb out of the dumpster and watch titan disappear into the distance . da vinci how would the plan go , boss ? master mind I just make myself redundant , old friend . Da vinci give master mind a whiff . da vinci it 's not that bad . int . bank - day titan , with a happy bounce in he step , enter the bank . the last time he be here he thwart a robbery . he look nostalgic . a security guard shyly walk up to he like a kid meeting he tv idol . security guard Morning , tighten . titan Morning . security guard be there something we can do for you ? 80 . titan oh , do not bother about I . I be just here to make a withdrawal . titan walk across the lobby , draw stare of admiration from all . a little girl wave to he sweetly . he give she a good - nature wink as he head straight for the vault . the security guard watch he enter and come out with a sack of cash . sure he must be misunderstanding what 's go on , the security guard just stare at titan as he pass by and out the door . the bank manager come over to the guard . bank manager say , do he just rob we ? security guard not sure . sort of look it , do not it ? bank manager yeah . security guard should I , you know , stop he ? bank manager umm ... yeah . as the security guard exit the bank , the manager stare out the window . his eye suddenly grow wide with terror . the guard 's body suddenly smashes through the window , landing at the startle bank manager 's foot . bank manager ( cont 'd ) ( look down at the guard ) he do rob we , do not he ? CUT to : television " a Channel 7 News special report . " Brad helm wipe into view . 81 . brad helm " absolute power corrupt absolutely . " when Lord acton state that , in a letter to Bishop mandell creighton in 1887 , no one think much about it , but today Metro City be reeling from that very prophecy . tighten , who many think of as we savior , have turn he back on the cause of justice . CUT to : titan be evil - montage ext . diamond exchange - day titan fly through the window of the building . he emerge second later laugh with he shirt full of booty . ext . CITY STREET - day a woman scream from the window of a burning build . titan fly up to she , grab she fur coat and zoom off again , leave the woman behind , slightly confuse . ext . outside market - day titan steal a little boy 's lollipop and goose he mother . ext . CITY STREET - day dozen of people run through the street apparently to get out of a downpour . we cut to the top of a building and see titan zipping up he pant and laugh . int . abandoned metro CITY library - night master mind pace back and forth in front of plato and Da vinci . plato I do not understand it . he seem to have every characteristic we be look for in a superhero . master mind well , there 's no use cry about it now , we must take action . I be not go to play second fiddle to that crass buffoon . we must destroy tighten . 82. plato it will not be easy . uberman have a sense of decency and genuine love for the people . that be he weakness and be easily use against he . master mind yes , but he possess the same flaw present in uberman 's DNA - copper . it 's like Benjamin Franklin always say : " if something work do not dick with it . " ext . bar - day it look like a war zone pass through here . smashed police car and debris lay everywhere . this seem to be the only building leave untouched . int . bar - day a very tipsy titan be sit at the bar , look deep into the bottom of he beer glass for answer . titan I can have anything I want . I be like a god . the bartender just listen as he wipe down a glass with a dirty rag . titan Point to any woman in this bar . I could have she in a second . he follow the bartender 's gaze to the only other person there - a pass out , middle aged hag of a barfly . titan ( to Old barfly ) hey , you wanna get with this ? bartender buddy , what do you want ? titan carefully consider this for a moment . titan what do you want ? that 's the question , be not it . I mean , what do you want when you can have everything ? ( more ) 83. titan ( cont would ) I suppose what I really want be to never be forget again . I want to do something that can never be cast aside or one - upped . I want a - what 's it call ? - a legacy . I want a legacy . yeah , that 's it . I like the sound that . bartender I mean , what do you want to drink ? titan oh. ext . bar - later titan stumble out of the bar , carry a large sack of money . master mind ( o.s. ) you time have come to a end , titan ! he look up to see master mind suddenly stand before he . titan what ? master mind there can be only one master criminal in this city - and it 's I . titan really ? titan melodramatically throw up he arm . titan ( cont 'd ) I guess I should leave town then , huh ? master mind I have a better idea - now ! two floor up Da vinci release a rope . a copper cage , like the one that cage uberman , drop down on top of titan . titan nonchalantly survey the cage . he walk to the bar , try to pull they apart but can not . master mind ( cont 'd ) that 's copper my good man . you one weakness . ( more ) 84 . master mind ( cont would ) for all you amazing gift of brawn you be no match for my intellect . titan think for a moment . suddenly , he start to spin like a human top , drilling himself into the STREET below . as he disappear beneath the surface , we see a shocked look on master mind 's face until titan suddenly explode out from under the street in front of he . master mind stare up at he , dumbfounded . titan make like he 's go to strike he down , but stop . titan you know what ? you be nothing but a bug . not even worth my effort . he turn he back to master mind and continue down the street . plato make he way from the shadow to join he master . they watch titan shrink into the distance . master mind he 's not as dumb as I think . plato I guess not ... funny , though . master mind what 's funny ? plato funny uberman do not think of the same thing . ext . high above metro CITY - day as titan fly , he look down at the rooftop of the city below . suddenly , something catch he attention . hal that 's it ! he stop , hover in place as he look down below . the building , which make up the heart of downtown Metro , be in a perfect triangle with a long strip of street lead up to it . it sorta look like a bowl lane . 85 . hal hello , Legacy . ext . kingpin bowling - day vinnie and he goons come run out as the hear a commotion . they look up to see titan rip off the giant bowling ball from the top of the establishment . vinnie hey , that 's my ball ! int . roxanne's apartment build - day roxanne enter the building 's elevator . just before the door close a elderly woman slide in . elderly woman that be a close one . Sixth floor , please . roxanne smile and go to press the button . the elderly woman suddenly pull out a spray can , shoot a mysterious - looking mist into roxanne 's face . she fall to the floor unconscious . int . roxanne's apartment - day roxanne awaken , find herself tie to a chair in she live room . we hear noise from a tv in the background as she try to adjust she vision . slowly , the blurry figure before she become clear . it 's master mind . he sit on she lazy - Boy , read what look to be some kind of journal . master mind wow , I always think uberman be you first superhero - but it look like we little roxanne date a linebacker in college . roxanne that 's my diary . master mind so it be . 86 . roxanne it 's personal . master mind well , then I would not leave it in you underwear drawer for just anyone to find . he throw the diary over he shoulder . roxanne what do you want ? master mind I need you help . roxanne so you knock I out and tie I to a chair ? master mind you be not go to like what I be about to tell you . as she try to shake off she headache from be knock unconscious , roxanne spot something on the tv . on television Brad helm be huddle behind a van . brad helm it 's chaos here in city square as city police - behind he , titan pick up a police car and throw it at a paddy wagon . both vehicle explode on impact . back to scene roxanne he 's really out of control . master mind tell I about it . as if finally realize something , roxanne look back at master mind . roxanne I should have know . you have something to do with this , do not you ? - with titan turn evil . 87 . master mind well , the evil thing he do by himself . my goal be to give myself purpose by create a intellectual sparring partner . roxanne ( confuse ) you be talk like you make he . master mind and they call I master mind . roxanne let I get this straight . you miss get you ass kick , so you make a new guy to kick you ass . that 's pathetic . master mind in hindsight ... roxanne turn back to the tv to see a group of police officer open fire on titan . the bullet just deflect off he chest . roxanne and he power , they be just like uberman 's . why would he have he power ? master mind ( almost ashamed ) I have some leave over from something . I infuse he with it . roxanne you did what !? drive by rage , she struggle to tear out of she bond . she finally relent , give master mind a look fuel by pure hatred . master mind yeah , that 's why I decide to tie you up . roxanne you do all this because you want purpose ? master mind he seem nice . 88. television titan be stand on top of a destroy police car . he wave for the camera to zoom in on he . titan closer . I want to show the people my real face . he pull off he mask , revealing himself as hal Stewart to the public for the first time . titan ( cont 'd ) recognize I ? back to scene roxanne hal Stewart . he 's the guy we think save that woman and kid . turned out he be just try to save he own ass . master mind yeah , good to know - now ! television titan throw the mask over this shoulder and hop off the car . titan that 's right , I be really hal Stewart . former hero and bowl teacher at kingpin 's bowl . back to scene roxanne turn to master mind , condescending he with she eye . roxanne you pick a bowler to give super power to ? master mind it 's a modest profession ! television 89 . titan with my new find power , I have recently start to wonder what sort of legacy I should leave . should I be a hero ? I try that once before - even save a lady and she baby from be squash . I be treat like a god until everyone start to shit on I - okay , so what if I do not " purposely " save they ! he walk over and put he hand on a large circular concrete shape just off camera . titan well , I be go to make something that can not be take away from I . I be go to create a permanent monument to my greatness . one that will not be so easily forget or erase . the camera pull back revealing the giant concrete bowling ball from kingpin' . titan I intend to create a new category in the guinness Book of World 's record by roll the biggest strike in the history of bowl . he grab the camera and point it to the downtown building . we realize they be perfectly align in bowling pin formation . titan my thanks to the city plan commission . this would not have be possible without they . titan grab the camera so it 's point back at he again . titan tell you friend and family to tune in right here to this station at noon tomorrow . back to scene roxanne my god , he 's nut . that will destroy the whole business triangle . 90 . master mind seem to be contemplate something - something bad . roxanne what ? master mind my lair be in the direct path of the ball . roxanne oh , real nice . would not want anything to happen to you hideout , would we ? master mind you do not understand . I have certain equipment that 's - that 's highly unstable . roxanne what do you mean ? master mind I sort of have a hydrogen reactor , okay ? roxanne a hydrogen reactor ? master mind it 's experimental - only one in the world ... well , how do you think I power all my invention ? someone like I can not pay for electricity . the bill would be outrageous . roxanne a reactor ? master mind it create 100 time the output of a nuclear one ... if destroy it could ... roxanne - vaporize the entire city ! master mind ( proudly ) pshaw ... the whole eastern seaboard , actually . that little baby be amazing . I be quite proud of it . ( more ) 91 . master mind ( cont would ) ( off she deadpan reaction ) I mean ... we would better find a way to stop he . master mind think a moment . master mind do uberman have a hideout ? roxanne what ? master mind a cave , a solitary fortress of some kind . c'mon , all heros have a place to hang they cape up in . roxanne , it may be we only chance to find something , a clue , anything that could give we a fight chance . roxanne it 's under he house . master mind whose house ? roxanne can hardly believe what she 's tell he . roxanne Wayne Scott 's . master mind shoot up out of he chair . master mind Wayne Scott ? uberman be Wayne Scott !? Wayne Scott , the wealthy philanthropist ? but he disappear - roxanne ( interrupt ) he disappear just over two month ago when you kill he . not only do you rid the world of a hero , you kill a kind , noble , generous man . perhaps ashamed , the super villain hang he head . master mind walk behind roxanne and undoe she bond . rubbing she wrist , she watch he as he walk over to the door . 92 . roxanne ( cont 'd ) look like you get what you always want . uberman be out of the picture and Metro City be doom . he grab the door knob and stop , consider she word . master mind " Metro City doom . " you know , I never think I would say something like this , but here it go - he slowly turn to she , cue heroic music . master mind ( cont 'd ) not if I have anything to say about it . ext . wayne scott' mansion - night master mind stand before the huge , gothic structure in awe . master mind such a dark place for one such as you . I wonder , underneath you noble deed , what inner demon drive you to you endless crusade for justice ? he walk to the front entrance . the double door have be seal shut with board and nail . master mind begin to tear they off with he metal hand . int . wayne scott' mansion - night the door open . a beam of moonlight immediately pierce the darkness , form a illuminate path into the heart of the manor . master mind enter . cover in dust and cobweb , the hall look like a gigantic crypt . master mind good lord , man . you have only be dead for two month . master mind walk , come to a gigantic paint portrait of wayne scott . he stop to reverently admire the image of he fall foe . 93. master mind ( cont 'd ) a disguise so simple , it 's ingenious . no wonder I never catch on . besides the armani suit , there 's nothing to hide the fact that this be the same person as uberman . in the picture , he 's even stand in the same cheesy , heroic pose with he fist on he hip . master mind ( cont 'd ) two life , yet in both you be a ideal . perhaps it be you who be victorious in the end , old friend . a bonging sound suddenly bellow through the dark hall . master mind come to a grandfather clock stand next to a gigantic bookcase . on the twelfth bong it fall silent . master mind begin to slide it across the floor until he hear a loud click . the bookcase slide into the wall , revealing a hidden passage . master mind ( cont 'd ) I will miss how predictable you be . the passage way lead master mind to a working escalator . master mind get off the escalator to see a long hallway with stone wall . he begin to hear strange sound , almost like muffled scream , come from a doorway at the end of the hallway . master mind start walk towards it . as he step closer , he begin to notice a light crack through the bottom of the door . master mind ( cont 'd ) hello ? anyone here ... besides .. all the big men who be with I now ? nothing . master mind ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) what 's the worst you be gonna find ? ( more ) 94 . master mind ( cont would ) the man be a boy scout , not a serial killer . he open the door to he immediate amazement . it 's some kind of screen room . a projector shoot a image onto a dirty white screen hang on the wall . Beer can litter the floor ; a table in front of a rip - up couch be cover in discard snack goods ; and a kiss pinball machine stand in the far corner next to a close door . master mind turn he attention to the action on the screen . screen a woman dress in a leather dominatrix outfit be whipping a overweight man lie on a swing - like device with he butt stick out . dominatrix in film you be a worm ! she whip he three time . the man cry out in pain . fat man in film pineapple !!! pineapple !!! master mind 's eye be transfix on the disturbing imagery . the door by the pinball machine suddenly swing open . wayne scott , dress in raggedy sweat , step into the room carry a can of Beer and a bowl of jiffy - pop . master mind can not believe he horrify eye . master mind ahhhhhh ! Wayne Scott be just as startle . wayne scott Jesus ! he drop he drink and snack to the floor . the two man stare at each other as they struggle to regain they normal breathe pattern . Wayne Scott walk over to the couch , brushes off a thick layer of chip crumb , and sit down . wayne scott ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you do here ? 95 . master mind I might just ask you the same question . I have think I incinerate you . wayne scott you scared the bejesus out of I . how would you figure out I be still alive ? wait , how do you know my identity !? master mind roxanne tell I . as for you ruse , I forget to line the bottom of the copper cage - somebody point that out to I recently . figure if they could do it , so could you . but one thing I could not figure out - wayne scott the skeleton ? something I " borrow " from a medical school a few month before . master mind a few month ? how long have you be plan this ? wayne scott I always plan to retire - eventually . I mean , come on , you can not do this sort of thing in you fifty . you would just look ridiculous . the piece of the puzzle appear to be come together in master mind 's head . master mind I see it all so clearly now . int . master mind' hydrofoil - flashback master mind and he minion cover they eye as the observatory explode . master mind ( cont 'd - v.o. ) you must have do it just second before the observatory explode . 96 . int . observatory - flashback similar to what titan do , uberman bore out from under the cage . master mind ( cont 'd - v.o. ) you bore out from under the cage . then , use you uber - speed , - ext . observatory - flashback running in a blur-like haze , uberman screech to a halt in front of some bush . master mind ( cont 'd - v.o. ) - you make you way to safety , where you have the skeleton safely hide away somewhere . ext observatory - sky - day uberman soar high above the cloud . he look down at the observatory , which be a mere speck in the distance . master mind ( cont 'd - v.o ) ( cont 'd ) then you must have fly to a safe distance and wait for the explosion , then ... just as the observatory explode uberman aim and throw the skeleton like a javelin . it soar through the air like a missile , tear through the flame of the explosion , and crash right into the windshield of master mind 's hydrofoil . end of flashback Wayne stare at master mind , clearly impressed . wayne man , you be smart . master mind but why fake you death ? why go through all of it ? you could have just quit . wayne scott but the responsibility would still be there . ( more ) 97 . wayne scott ( cont would ) a cop can retire and stop hand out speed ticket - but people expect more from superhero . I tell you , a volcano could not erupt in Zimbabwe without everyone expect I to do something about it . I figure , out of sight , out of mind . master mind and Wayne Scott ? why do he have to disappear ? wayne scott both of my life have so much baggage . it 's time for new baggage , you know ? master mind 's be absolutely flabbergasted . master mind I just can not believe it . this whole time you have be in hide while a force of great evil be tear you city apart ? Wayne rise to he foot , wave he hand for master mind to say no more . wayne scott I do not want to hear about it . that 's why I do not have a television in here to remind I of all the thing I should be do . Hell , I could get a wife to do that . master mind there 's a dement supervillain out there about to destroy we - I mean , you city . Wayne shrug indifferently . master mind you be really go to do nothing ? wayne scott good and evil have a way of balance themselves out . if this guy be as bad as you say , somebody will rise up to fight he . it 's just the order of thing . you find I , do not you ? 98 . Wayne put a condescending hand on master mind 's shoulder . wayne scott ( cont 'd ) I know it 's hard , but you will find someone else someday . he then start walk to the door . master mind you be the only one who can stop he . Wayne turn around . wayne scott could not if I want to . gotta a plane to catch . master mind a plane ? wayne scott go to Barbados for a little change in climate . now , if you ' will excuse I , I get to go pack . he read the still defeat look on master mind 's face . wayne scott ( cont 'd ) you be a good foe . I be sorry if I have let you down . if it make a difference , you be the best foe a hero could ask for . master mind not smart enough to come up with a full - proof trap . wayne scott well , you do almost have I when you figure out my weakness be copper . now that make I sweat a little . take I way too long to drill out from under that cage . master mind I get lucky . wayne scott anyway , it 's a good thing for my sake that I could always count on you for a out . 99 . master mind ( suddenly confuse ) what do you mean ? wayne scott c'mon , we always throw each other a couple of bone . you would always leave I a out in one of you `full - proof ' trap , and I would never have you incarcerate at a penitentiary that you could not eventually escape from . it keep we little game go . master mind seem deflate . master mind game ? - be that all this ever be to you ? you know , I be try my best every time I fight you . that vout ' as you call they be unintentional . wayne scott oh. master mind I guess I be never really a match for you , be I ? Wayne shrug . master mind ( cont 'd ) ( thoughtfully ) then how can I expect to be one for titan ? a beat man , master mind head for the door , but stop and turn around . master mind ( cont 'd ) what about roxanne ? Wayne unleash a exhaust sigh . wayne scott I think we both get what we want out of we relationship . she get a career out of I , and I get plenty of other thing out of she . but I be ready to move on to greener pasture . 100 . master mind 's steel hand clinch into a fist at he side . Wayne 's oblivious to this . master mind I guess I be not the villain I think I be , and you ... you be not the hero I think you be . he turn to make he exit when he suddenly see roxanne stand in the door frame . Wayne be almost at a loss for word . wayne scott roxanne ! how long have you be ... roxanne Long enough . roxanne look at master mind . roxanne ( cont 'd ) do not you have something else you can go do ? master mind leave roxanne and Wayne face each other in silence . ext . another bar - day titan emerge with Brad and Frank . he 's hold a Beer can and a bag of pork rind . titan alright , I want this whole thing to look espn professional , understand ? a distant mechanized rumble can be hear . the noise rise , signal the approach of something powerful . titan and he crew walk out to the center of the plaza as the sound become almost deafen . a tank track as it move over the street . we pull back to see a whole line of tank roll along the street . plaza from the five street branching off the plaza , a dozen tank roll toward titan . 101 . titan turn to Brad and Frank . titan ( cont 'd ) you guy be about to get some good footage . I might need a little room , though . Brad and Frank look at each other and run to take cover behind a nearby building . meanwhile , titan nonchalantly sip from he beer as the tank begin to surround they . feedback belt out of one of the tank 's loudspeaker 's , cause titan to do a mock wince . tank loudspeaker titan , we have order from the city of Metro to take you into custody . if you do not give you self up willingly , we will be force to open fire . there 's a long pause as no one say anything . tank loudspeaker what be you answer ? titan take a sip of he beverage and unleashes a gigantic burp - the shockwave of which send several of the tank fly into a nearby building . two of the remain tank close in on the villain . both have he dead to rights at point- blank range with they massive gun . titan set down he beer , then calmly plug a fist into each barrel . they FIRE . the force of the blast send they both flying in opposite direction where they crash into nearby building . titan bend down and pick he bett back up . titan ( to beer ) miss I ? titan be suddenly bombard by a massive barrage of machine - gun fire . the force send he fly into the windshield of a nearby car . 102 . he look up to see a apache assault copter . it 's nose - mount gatling - gun be turn toward he . titan get up to he foot and look down at he beer can . the bottom of it be blow apart in the blast . titan ( cont 'd ) do not mean to get you involved in all of this . he stare dagger up at the helicopter pilot just as the gun get a bead on he . titan ( cont 'd ) hey , man ! you kill my sud ! titan throw the can up and slap it with the palm of he hand . it fly with so much force it knock the helicopter blade clean off . the rest of the Apache crash to the street like a car drop off a building . titan ( cont 'd ) that 's one be for you , beer . titan salute the wreckage and walk away to find Brad and Frank still hide behind the building . titan guy , please tell I you get that last bit . brad helm huh ? titan you be kid I . I give you my sexiest move and you mean to tell I it be for nothing ? brad helm we be afraid something might hit we . titan look like I have give the story of the century to the wrong man . he think about this for a moment , then it hit he . 103 . titan wait . what about that other reporter . blond . not so lumpy on the topper half , but killer leg . brad helm roxanne . you want roxanne . she 's a much better reporter than I be . you want she . titan where can I find she . frank we be actually not suppose to give out that sort of information . brad helm 1314 mockingbird Lane . I believe she life in a penthouse . titan you have be very helpful . he toss Brad over he shoulder like a discard ice cream cone . in the faint distance we see he splash down in the middle of the Metro City river . int . abandoned metro CITY library - day master mind , pace anxiously as plato and Da vinci pack box . obviously master mind be go on the lamb . master mind hurry , we must be on we way as soon as possible . da vinci master , why must we flee ? master mind I tell you , titan be too powerful . if he 's set on destroy we , there 's precious little we could do about it . da vinci where be we go ? 104 . master mind to another city , someplace with a shitload of superhero to fight . we will start over , we will go back to do what we do best . plato with we tail between we leg ? the old master mind would never have let this comment slip by , but as we have see , he 's not the same man . master mind plato , do you have a better plan ?! master mind 's cell phone ring . he turn in shame from he man and answer it . master mind ( cont 'd ) hello ... roxanne ? int . roxanne's apartment roxanne pace back and forth on the phone . roxanne what be you go to do about tighten ? intercut between master mind and roxanne on phone . master mind right now I be pack , later I will have a snack on the train . roxanne you be run away ? master mind in a word - yes . roxanne you create this monster ... master mind I do not create this - the god 's of irony do and I be eat the crow I so richly deserve . roxanne there 's no time for self pity . 105 . master mind I will make the time . roxanne can not believe what she 's hearing . master mind ( cont 'd ) you can leave with we . you will be safe . roxanne I be not go anywhere . master mind will you listen to I , no one can stop he . roxanne you have to try . the city need you help . master mind I be afraid you have a inflate opinion of I . roxanne what the hell 's happen to you ? the master mind I know would never have run from a fight even though he know deep in he heart that he do not have a chance in hell of win it . it be you best quality . you need to be that man right now ... i... master mind what ? roxanne ( heart feel ) I believe in you . master mind be take aback , in a good way . but he catch himself before the word swell he heart . master mind sweet word , but that man be dead . please , roxanne , just come with I . roxanne no ... I guess you be a coward after all . suddenly , there 's a loud crash . 106 . roxanne look up to see a huge hunk of she ceiling have be completely rip off . titan be fly above , hold the debris as casually as if it be a paper plate at a barbecue . he look down at she and smile . titan man , have I get a story for you . master mind can hear titan 's familiar laugh from he side of the line . master mind roxanne ? roxanne ? ext . kingpin bowling - day titan be stand in front of the bowl alley , try to decide on a appropriate pose for the occasion . titan what pose would be best ? the corny fold arm thing ? he demonstrate , arching he chin proudly in the air . titan or maybe on the hip , like this . it 's the classic superman pose , only not as masculine . titan no , make I look like a flamer pirate . as titan start to fix he hair in the window , Frank pretend to fix the lens on he camera as he speak to roxanne . frank ( whisper ) should not we be make a run for it right about now ? roxanne ( whisper ) the guy can outrun bullet . I do not think either one of we be in that kind of shape . titan she 's right , Frank . 107 . Frank look up , stunne that titan could have possibly hear he . titan also get super hearing . I promise not to keep the both of you long , but you will thank I when this be all over . Frank and roxanne exchange helpless expression . int . abandoned metro CITY library - day master mind reverently stare up at the paint portrait of he father . master mind dad , it 's I ... ( he look around to make sure no one can hear ) ... bubsy . I know we have not talk in a while , and I be sorry . it 's be a little crazy try to live up to a legacy . the painting 's menace stare seem to reach into he very soul . master mind anyway ... you raise I to be the worst that I could possibly be . and I have try to live up to that as best as I could - even drop out of dentistry school like you want I to . but I be about to do something now that would really piss you off . I be go to go against everything you ever teach I . I hope ... I hope that maybe you will look down at what I be about to do as not so much a good deed , but more like the outright defiance of a hateful and ungrateful , son . if you could do that , then maybe - in you own little way - you could - for probably the first time - find a reason to be proud of I . he look back up at the picture . be it we imagination , or do the painting 's stare suddenly seem even angrier ? 108 . master mind well ... either way , you be probably go to see I real soon . ( call over he shoulder ) Men ? plato and Da vinci suddenly stop what they be do and look up at he . plato and da vinci yes Sir ? master mind stop pack . we work be not finish here . plato and da vinci yes sir ! television a news report show a aerial shot of titan set the giant ball down in the middle of a vacant city street . reporter we interrupt you regular afternoon programming to show you live footage of a potential dangerous situation in downtown Metro . the former hero know as titan be place what appear to be a giant ball ... int . abandoned metro CITY library - continuous Da vinci stop in front of a television set , see the news report in progress . reporter hold on ... it appear we own roxanne ritchi be somehow at the scene . we now go to she with a live report . da vinci Sir , I think you should see this ! CUT to : 109 . ext . CITY STREET - day roxanne be stand in front of a camera with a mike in she hand . roxanne I be here with the cause of the destruction in Metro City . he have kidnap I and a cameraman to chronicle what he refer to as the creation of a monument to he invincibility and overall " asskickiness . " he will use this giant concrete bowl ball to play the large game of bowl ever use the building of downtown Metro City as he pin . titan suddenly step into the shot . titan and I be go for the biggest strike ever . he lean into the camera . titan and you , Metro City , have a ringside seat as I cement my name in the anal of history . roxanne annal . titan what ? roxanne nevermind . ext . CITY STREET - moment later titan hold up the massive bowl ball , lining up he shot . titan ( in quiet professional bowler announcer voice ) like Tiger before he , a young savior have come to raise a sport from the ash . rookie hal Stewart , a young man with a dream , realize that dream here today , folk . ( more ) 110 . titan ( cont would ) one might click there heel and say " there 's no place like home " upon find themselves in such a fantasy . well , hal look very much at home right be he be - with a ball in hand and glory in he sight . int . metro CITY library - continuous in the bowel of master mind 's hideout , the hydrogen reactor glow and hum menacingly . back to scene roxanne just stand helpless as Frank film away . roxanne hal , I know everyone treat you like shit , but you do not have to do this . titan you be right . I do not have to do anything . be not that cool ? titan line up he shot . titan here 's one for the record book ! titan fly a few foot and roll the ball down the main street . roxanne her face be utter horror as she watch the inevitable destruction of Metro City . as the ball roll - it demolish everything in it 's wake ; car , street lamp - window shatter as the giant concrete sphere brushes along side building . titan he smile in anticipation and use " body English " to direct the ball . giant bowling ball Pov it 's nearly halfway to its target . roxanne 111 . she close she eye . titan 's smile fade . he look around as if he hear something we do not . about two hundred foot in front of the first building a giant spider web fly across the path of the ball , create a defensive barrier . a enormous letter " m " be etched in the web 's center . titan ( cont 'd ) what the ...? the ball break through the web , but it 's speed be greatly reduce . frank look , what 's that fly in the air ? we suddenly see master mind flying over the rolling ball in a jet pack . he quickly pull out he goo gun and start lay down a path of sticky plasm to stop the destructive sphere 's path . master mind c'mon , slow down master mind look down to see the meter of the gun close to empty . master mind c'mon . the ball slow drastically then start roll to the side . it head off a embankment and roll harmlessly into a canal . master mind gutterball ! titan he 's furious to say the least . titan you ! master mind give he a mock grin . master mind bowl ? what other trailer park sport can you play ? 112 . titan you be become a real pain in my ass . I should have do this a long time ago . titan lunge at he tormentor . master mind hit the booster on he jet pack and head back toward the other side of the city with titan in hot pursuit . master mind ( cont 'd ) ( into walkie talkie ) plato , Da vinci . secure roxanne , he 's fall for it . elsewhere a flustered titan land . he begin search the city street , but master mind be nowhere in sight . he turn upon hearing a eeking sound to he leave . sitting on the ground be a chimpanzee wear a strange collar . it smile at he . titan what the hell ? from behind , titan be immediately set upon by five more radio controlled ape . titan ( cont 'd ) godamnit ! the critter bite hop and hit titan . as soon as he throw one off two more jump he . titan break free and with he mighty breath blow they across the street into a fruit stand . with titan out of they sight they begin to attack the fruit . master mind he 's a block away frantically hit he remote . master mind shit ! stupid monkey and they fruit . titan fly away from the mad monkey and land to find master mind sit on the ground wrap in a long cape with only he head stick out . 113. titan ( cont 'd ) no more game . titan fire he laser vision at master mind 's chest . master mind pull the cloak away to reveal a FIRE hydrant . titan 's eye lasers burn through the hydrant release a high pressure stream of water . master mind use the last remote which dump two ton of cement mix into the truck . the crowd , police and news crew move in closer when titan do not emerge . master mind drop he last remote and walk toward the truck cautiously . master mind could it really be that easy -- - boom - the back of the truck explode , throw dust and concrete everywhere . when the dust clear we see and enraged titan . master mind ( cont 'd ) do not think so . as the villain walk toward he , he pull back he fist to give master mind the kill blow . titan if you do not mind , I be go to punch trough you face now . prepare himself for the end , master mind shut he eye as a sudden gust of wind begins to pick up . as titan go to strike , a blurry figure run in and snatch master mind out of the away . stun , master mind begin to feel around he body as if to make sure everything 's still in place . master mind I be alive . he turn to see uberman stand next to he . master mind uberman ? 114 . the terrify bystander start to notice the figure stand next to master mind . bystander 1 it 's uberman ! bystander 2 uberman 's alive ! bystander 3 we be save ! as the crowd cheer , a confuse master mind turn to Metro City 's newly resurrected champion . master mind I think . uberman so do I . he put a hand on master mind 's shoulder . uberman thank you , old enemy . master mind for what ? uberman show I the error of my way , show I I be mean to be this city 's savior , show I that , while we can try , there be no run away from we true destiny . with that , uberman be stricken by a laser blast , instantly turning he into a charree human skeleton . master mind turn to see titan smile with he still smoking eye . titan oh ... do I interrupt something ? master mind turn to run , but , suddenly titan be before he . titan where you go , buddy ? titan grab master mind by the collar and throw he across the street into a park car . 115 . titan ( cont 'd ) welcome to paintown . population : you . master mind manage to stand on shaky leg . he seem in a daze , unable to move . titan fly up in the air . titan ( cont 'd ) time to finish this . with he fist front and center , titan speed toward master mind . he 's like a human torpedo , come in for the kill blow . master mind come to he sense and put up he hand . master mind wait !!! titan screech to a halt and stop just in front of he like a old Warner bros cartoon . titan what ? master mind Quick joke - what 's the capital of Thailand ? titan huh - I do not know . master mind it 's bang cock ! in a sudden surge of strength , master mind punch titan in the groin . the once mighty man instantly drop to he knee , search , with tear in he eye , for the proper word to express the pain suddenly surging through he member . titan ( cont 'd ) ow . baffle , he look up at master mind 's hand and see he gauntlet be now make entirely out of copper . master mind so , I guess penny be good for something . 116 . he punch titan in the face , knock he out cold . master mind look down on titan with more than a little pride . suddenly he hear something behind he . he spin to see the crowd make a strange noise - applause . roxanne come up to he . the crowd start to go wild and cheer for master mind . he 's not sure what to make of it . roxanne pretty strange , huh ? master mind they be cheer for I . roxanne you save they . you save everybody . how 's it feel ? master mind look at the smile all around he . he begin to well up a little . master mind it 's a ... it 's nice , you know ? I usually do not get a lot of feedback . ( whisper ) but I also kind of cause all this . what happen when they find that out I be the cause of some of this ? roxanne look at the cheer crowd , then back at master mind . roxanne what they do not know will not hurt they . master mind I guess that be all in the past . roxanne you be the hero . master mind I do not think I would go that far ... I mean I just ...er ... roxanne master mind ? 117 . master mind yes ? roxanne stop talk . she kiss he . the crowd erupt in a cheer . television the channel 7 he channel 7 logo zoom in follow by the title " Eye on Metro City . " a picture of master mind smile appear on the screen behind she . samantha summer who 's bad ? well , not master mind . it seem the former villain have do a career 180 after defeat tighten and save Metro City from certain enslavement . and here he be get a full pardon by Metro City 's Mayor , Steve dent . cut to ceremony on capital step . the mayor be shaking master mind 's metal gauntlet when it suddenly start to crush he hand . mayor ahhh ! secret service man quickly start to draw they weapon and take aim at master mind . realizing what 's happen , he quickly let the mayor 's hand go and put he arm in the air . master mind sorry - Metal hand . Force of habit . he elbow the mayor . master mind ( cont 'd ) we be okay , right ? wincing , the mayor signal the man to put they gun down . we CUT to video of titan behind bar in a regular prison . 118. brad helm and what about tighten ? be there a prison in existence that can hold this super power menace ? well , the answer we find be no . a man in a white lab coat stand in front of titan 's cell just out of reach . prison scientist of course normally he could break out of there anytime , but as you can see we have take some special precaution . the news camera pan over see titan in he cell wear a copper jock strap with electrical cable hook to it . back to samantha at the desk . brad helm what be a hero ? it seem never have that question need to be ask more than it do tonight . we go to we very own roxanne ritchi , make she triumphant return to we news desk for the answer . Brad turn . the camera pan over to roxanne who we now see have be sit beside he . roxanne what be a hero ? well , there be many different kind . there be that who hear a call , like the policeman or doctor , then there 's the kind the public create in they search for meaning and hope . then , there be that who have the courage to change . dark alley - night a woman be be chase by two large thug . they be gain on she . she come to a brick wall - a dead end . the thug laugh . thug # 1 hey , gimme that purse ? 119 . master mind ( o.s ) I do not think it would go with you outfit . the thug turn around to see master mind , stand with he arm fold across he chest . thug # 2 it 's master mind ! thug # 1 draw a knife . thug # 1 so ? it 's not like he have any superpower . thug # 1 put he finger to he mouth and whistle . suddenly two more thug appear behind master mind . master mind I be gonna give you a chance to surrender . thug # 1 four against one . for a master mind , you be really bad at math . master mind throw a hand signal up in the air . suddenly a giant robotic foot crash down on the two man behind he . thug # 1 and thug # 2 drop they knife and raise they hand in the air . master mind look up and wave . master mind Way to take out that two goons , guy ! we see Da vinci and plato at the wheel of a gigantic robot . da vinci what two goons ? the giant robot lift its foot to check the bottom of it 's sole . it knock over water tower in the process . the woman look at master mind , horrify . 120 . master mind ( apologetically ) sorry , we be new at this . the end