producer : Art linson no. 00433 Don Phillips director : Jonathan demme melvin and howard by bo goldman — please note — this material be the property of universal studio , and be intended solely for use by studio personnel . distribution to unauthor - ized person 1s prohibited . 5s ns wa #00433 melvin and tioward — — — fade in title wateriole - stonewall pass , nevada 1 the desert between Las Vegas and tonopah , nothing but sage and greasewood . sound -- in the distance , a motor . it come closer then fade , come closer , fade . Pan off the waterhole in the direction of the sound . it approach again , a figure appear in the distance . on the motorcycle 2 only the rider 's back , silver - streak hair . this gaunt figure circle lazily in the moonlight , motorcycle tire rumbling over the alkali . the circle get bigger and now biccer , and as he come around this time , the moonlight catch he face , aristo - cratic cheekbone , a stringy beard , a pilot 's light windbreaker . this be Howard , age 62 , look over 70 . another aligle - howard . 3 sweeping under the moon , wider and wider and now he speed towards the waterhole , give the harley full throttle . on the waterhole 4 a knoll run up to the edge of it . on howard 5 head straicht for the knoll , the chopper kick up sage and greasewood and alkali behind it . tremendous speed -- it hit the knoll . on the motorcycle 6 lioward fly through the air , he knee clutch around the machine , he eye wide with joy , laughter ringinc throuch the desert . continued ss 10 il 12 13 #00433 2 continued the motorcycle clear the waterhole on the leap , Howard snug in the saddle , land in the mud on the other side , skid , churn , the tire spitting mud , now he roll out on the desert again . another angle - howard sweeping into a figure eight , testing he motor now , pick up speed once more , head straight for the knoll . on the knoll the motorcycle invisible , only the sound blast through the night , louder , louder , and now the motorcycie hit the top of the knoll . a rock , a stone , something , it kick , it stutter , it fly short . on howard his face exactly the same as before , exultation at the leap , but there be no motorcycle under he now , only air . another angle - howard his momentum carry he over the water and he land with a crunch on the other side , he head hit the mud , a flare of blood spurt from he ear . howard point of view his eye catch sight of he motorcycle flutter down , landing with a splash , bubbling as it disappear into the waterhole . title out on howard pick himself up , stumbling across the desert , nothing but silence around he , he foot kick over the alkali . he trip , a bobcat swing past , look , move on . another angle - howard falter , fall . continued 10 11 12 13 13 14 15 16 17 #00433 3 Rev. 12/12/78 continued 13 ne pick himself up , he face scratch , he lip crust with saliva , blood cake around he ear , howard point of view 14 Way in the distance , the headlight of a car . on howard 15 he start to raise he hand , almost furtively , but then he draw it back . he do not want to wave , he look towards the moon , spin once like a shot~putter . now he fall . the headlight pass on down the interstate . darkness . long shot - a single headligut 16 cone down the interstate now . sound -- a man sing . the song be horrible , the voice joyous . melvin ( v.o. ) ( sing ) ' well , he call he elve together to soup up he old sleigh so rudolph and the other reindeer could rest on Christmas Day .... ' int . car - on melvin dummar 17 a face with no secret , a cowlick and sideburn , look young than he thirty . Montgomery Ward pants and a shirt with cowboy rose . 's . nelvin ( sing ) ' he 's get a million mile to travel and he will do it in one day oh that 's because old Santa Claus get a sour - up Santa sleich . ' the song trail off into a hun as ? elvin pull off onto the side of the road . ss 18 19 20 21 22 23 #00433 4 on melvin 18 undoing he fly . as he reach into he pants , the sound of a car in the distance , he quickly turn to hide himself , the car pass . now he reach in again , but another car catch he in its light . melvin jeesuz . he climb back into he car , stomp on the gas , and he zoom off the highway and on to the alkali , up a old cattle road . now he scud to a stop , step out onto the emptiness of the desert . another angle ~ melvin 19 pissing , sighing with relief , he sich mingling with the crackle of he urine as it hit the desert crust . on melvine face 20 pleasure . the same pleasure he feel at eat , sleep , defecate , copulate . climb back into he car . start up the motor , back around , and the headlight catch a body lie in the desert cattle road . another angle - melvin 21 blink . squint , now he throw the car into low gear , roll slowly towards the body , stop a few foot away . on melvine point of view 22 the body do not move . limp , dead . on melvin 23 follow the shaft of the headlight , move towards the body . poise a step away . now he crouch over it . a grunt . melvin roll it over . a beard , Howard 's long hair . he lift he , the headlight shine full into Howard 's eye , they open , flicker . Howard grunt again . continued . ss 23 24 25 26 #00433 5 continued 23 melvin whut ? Howard do not stir , do not answer . melvin cradle Howard 's head , and the ear come into view , fresh blood trickle over the clotting . melvin heave Howard up , half -stumble , half - carry he towards the car , open the passenger side and shovel he in . another angle - melvin 24 slamm the door shut . now melvin look out towards the desert . melvine point of view 25 only blackness and silence . another angle - melvin 26 climb into the car on the driver 's side , look over at he passenger . Howard have scrunch himself into a corner , he eye be wide open now , and wild with terror . melvin catch it . melvin smile , nothing from Howard . melvin smile again . melvin whut 's the matter , ol ' buddy ? Howard do not answer . he turn he head a little but as he turn , blood ooze . melvin whut be you doin 's out here ? silence again . Howard do not take he eye off melvin . melvin lean toward he . Howard brace himself against the door . melvin ( peer into Howard 's face ) that ear do not look too good to I . you want a doctor ? Howard shake he head , continued db 26 27 28 #00433 6 continued 26 melvin ( cont would ) - there 's a doctor in beatty . that be not but a few mile . want to go to beatty ? Howard do not answer , just hold himself stiff against the door . melvin we will go to beatty . okay ? he throw the car into gear , spin around and head off to - ward the interstate . int . car 27 melvin at the wheel , Howard hide in the corner of the seat offer melvin as narrow a view of he face as possible . suddenly a clatter , melvin 's head whip around , Howard have be take with the shake , terrible heave , he tooth chat - tering . Howard double over try to warm himself , clutching both shoulder cross-hand . melvin reach for the heater , click it on , nothing happen . melvin this be not but a ' 66 -- damn heater never do work . Howard shudder again , a terrible whistling through he tooth . melvin bang the heater with he fist . howard it 's okay . melvin what do you mean it 's okay ? now you just hold on there . melvin pull over to the side of the road . on melvin 28 climb out , open the trunk . the trunk light show two giant plastic bag full of white powder , some horse harness , a bow and arrow , a fishing rod , stuff animal and puli-toy , a ratty blanket and a pillow . he fish out the blanket and pillow . db 29 29 - a #00433 7 two - shot - howard and melvin 29 melvin lean towards Howard , drape the blanket over he , but do not drape . it be about the size of a shirt and the pil - low he place under he head would fit a doll . Howard regards they . melvin they belong to my little girl . can not go to sleep without 's she bumby . melvin laugh . melvin shit . Howard shiver , the tiny blanket fall off he . he do not have the strength to pick it up . melvin bend over to be - trieve it , as he do he head hit the dashboard and the heater whirr on . melvin well , damn ! damn ! int . car 29 - a he laugh again . nothing fron Howard , still underneath the baby blanket , but now allow he head to ease back ever so slightly into the pillow . melvin reach he hand under the heater . melvin warm as toast ! you bring I luck , ol ' buddy . that heater be not work since my wife kick it last time I undress she in the car . Howard stir slightly , melvin squint over at he . melvin reach across Howard , flip open the glove compartment -- a torrent of bill and kleenex , a flashlight , half - eat candy bar , some knitting needle , a pair of scissors , old Dixie cup . melvin rummages around in the mess . melvin I be lookin ' for a band - aid . howard keep you eye on the road . cont inuld db 29 - a #00433 8 continued 29-a melvin how 's that ? howard I say keep you eye on the road . melvin well , up yours , ol ' timer . howard what ? melvin to say ' up yours . 's melvin rummages some more , more paper fall out , Howard half - try to pick they up . melvin leave them . they be not but a bunch of collection notice . he snap the glove compartment shut , look over at Howard 's ear . melvin we be not gonna get to beatty any too soon . howard no doctor . melvin there be not no doctor there . just a public health nurse . howard no nurse . melvin you do not like nurse ? howard no , I do not . melvin okay , okay . they ride in silence . Howard be heaving now , melvin watch he closely . continued ~~ my 29 - a #00433 continued Howard be 9 Rev. 12/12/78 -2 29-a howard I be not go to beatty . melvin where be you go ? howard where be you go ? melvin aw , jeezus . howard I be sorry --- melvin do not apologize --- howard I never apologize but I will try to explain --- melvin do not explain ! howard you want to stop at beatty , fine . I do not . I be go to Vegas --- ( x ) silent . melvin grit he tooth . Howard shrug . melvin man , you sure beat it , do not you ? squirrelly of 1 ' wino layin ' out there in the west 40 , nobody see you ' till kingdom come -- I pick you up and what do you do ? rag I . howard I be sorry . melvin what ? howard nothing . I just think I will rest a while . melvin you do that . you lay back now -- we be come up to beatty now -- you still do not want to stop ? continued my # 00433 10 Rev. 12/12/78 29-a continued - 3 29 - a howard no , no stop , please . melvin you will be sorry , you be gonna miss the knocker on the public health nurse there . Howard smile . howard Soft , huh ? continued -o ~ 29 - a 30 #00433 11 continued - 4 29 - 3 } melvin do we stop at beatty or no ? Howard sigh . howard no. melvin stomp on the gas . melvin Vegas , here we come , they drive for a long while in silence , howard 30 be silent , always watch melvin , shifting , shaking some , melvin loose at the wheel . howard you be not a bad driver . melvin I be drive since I be seven year old . howard how would you reach the pedal ? melvin make it nine . I have most of my growth by nine . howard I will bet you do . jack off in that trailer . melvin how would you know I live in a trailer ? howard do not you say so ? nelvin they be my three brother in the trailer with I . howard in one trailer ? continued my 30 #00433 continued 12 Rev. melvin two of we sleep on cot and two on the old dinette table . we do not have nothing but a outhouse . I remember the first day I go to school I peed in the water fountain . howard interesting . melvin take I right down to the salvation Army , buy I shoe and carte I back to school . howard what would you say you name be ? melvin melvin dummar . howard you be kid I , melvin . melvin smile , look over at Howard . melvin hey , ol ' buddy . you want to do not a favor ? howard depend on what it be . melvin I have write a song . howard no --- melvin it 's a Christmas number -- ' Santa 's souped - up sleigh . " 12/12/78 30 ( X ) ( x ) continued 1fl 30 #00433 13 continued - 2 30 howard oh god. melvin I send it to Hollywood talent searcher . you know you give they the lyric -- they write you the music -- seventy dollar and worth every penny -- you want to hear it ? howapd no. melvin here 's how it go -- ( sing ) " well , he call he elve together to soup up he oid sleigh so rudolph and the other reindeer could rest on Christmas Day ' he 's get a million mile to travel and he will do it in one day oh that 's because old Santa Claus get a soupe up Santa sleigh ' howard enough , sir — -- melvin wait till you hear the talk part ~~ a dramatic narration like Red sovine -- ( speak ) ' now listen there fat man just because you be Santa Claus that do not give you the right to come around and make all that noise in the middle of the night . now I do not care who you be , fat man you get that reindeer off my roof -- ~' howard please stop -~- melvin what 's the matter ? continufd 1fl 30 #00433 14 continued - 3 30 howard my ear . melvin told you we should have stop at beatty . howard it 's the sound . melvin what do you mean , the sound ? howard you song . melvin you be cruel , man , you know that ? you be a cruel man . howard I have a aversion to song . melvin you never sung in you life ? howard not if I could help it . mflvin that 's how you get to be a ol ! asshole . now you come along on the chorus -- ( sinc ) ' he 's get a rocket burnin’ mighty quick . turnin ' soupe up Santa 's sleigh he will come in like a streak of light and he will blast off right away ... ' you get that ? howard I do not know . melvin now sing along with I . or you gonna walk to Vegas . ( sing ) ' he 's get a rocket . burnin ' mighty quick ! motion to Howard to join in . continufd 1fl 30 #00433 u5 continued - 4 30 howard ( mumble ; gingerly sing ) ' turnin 's soupe up santa 's sleigh ' melvin now you be gettin ' it ! once more --- Howard start to sing . fovard ( singina ) " he 's get a rocket burnin ' mighty quick turnin ' soupe up Santa 's sleigh ....' melvin ( speak ) ' now now , Mr. fat man , what be you try to do ? now that chimney 's too small and you might fall -- so you just get down off that roof ! melvin point to Howard and Howard join in . howard and melvin ( sing ) ' when you hear that rocket roar you will know Santa 's on he way but he will be back again next year in he soupe up Santa 's sleigh ! 's Howard seem pleased with himself . melvin you do it ! and you want to know something ? howard what ? melvin you be not bad . howard come on . melvin now you sing I one of you song --- howard I do not know any song -~- continued 1fl 30 #00433 16 continued - 5 30 melvin anythin ' . ' stop and smell the rose , ' my woman , my woman , my wife ' -- whatever you like --- howard I do not know any song . my father be the singer in the family . ' when the sunset turn the Ocean 's Blue to gold , ' ' Bill Bailey . ' ( imitate ) " sonny , you do the verse , I will take the chorus . ' and off he would go . melvin what song do you know ? howard me? nothing ~- ( shrug ) " bye bye blackbird . ' - melvin there you go ! melvin punch Howard in the arm . melvin Lay it on I , ol ' timer . howard do not be crazy . melvin ' ladeez and gentleman -- to wind up we program tonight -- and I want y'all t'drive home safely ~- y'hear ? ~~ we get a brand new number by a ol ' ol ' timer -- he 's be a pickin ' and a strummin ' for many a year -- so let 's hear it for this little ditty -- the ol ' timer and " bye bye blackbird ! " ~- take it , ol ' timer !! ' Howard look at he . howard let I out . melvin wink . continufd 1fl # 00433 . 17 30 continued - 6 30 melvin come on . Howard start to hum a little . melvin ooh , that 's nice ~- do I hear a word ? howard ' bye , bye , blackbird . 's melvin there she go . howard nstart to sing faintly ) " pack up all my care and woe here I go sing low 's howard and melvin ( sing ) " bye , bye , blackbird ! ' Howard be gain strength . howard ( sing ) ' where somebody wait for I sugar 's sweet so be she ' howard and melvin ( sing ) ' bye , bye , blackbird ! ' melvin turn to Howard , present he like a emcee . howard ( sing ) ' no one here can love and understand I oh what hard luck storey they all hand I make my bed and light the light I will arrive late tonight blackbird -.--' melvin ( sina ) " blackbird ! ' continufd 1fl 30 #00433 18 Rev. 12/12/78 continued - 7 30 howard and melvin . ( sing . together ) ' blackbird bye ! pye ! ' Howard 's face be aglow with joy , but no more so than melvin' . melvin hey ! melvin reach out he hand -- Howard give it a boogie slap . melvin I like that song -- clean up that lyric a little and she will take right off . suddenly Howard withdraw -- dim and distant . they ride again in silence . melvin look over to he . melvin how're you doin ? ' howard I be fine . ( after a moment ) so where be you go now ? melvin Home to gabb . bringin ' back ( xx ) some stuff for we trailer my : sister want to get rid of . howard what do you do in gabb ? ( xx ) melvin I work in the mag ox Plant . you know -- maalox -- you get a ulcer --- howard I know , I know --- melvin you know what ? howard I know maalox come from magnesium oxide . all the Jews in New York drink it . continued 1f1 30 #00433 19 continued ~ 8 30 melvin look at he . melvin well that 's more than most people know . howard thank you . melvin silence . I be not compliment you . that be just a comment . howard still I appreciate it . melvin do not bother I , dirty work or no . be a milkman once -- use to stink of sour milk . now I smell like maalox . howard what a shame . melvin I remember once . -- I be deliver milk in the middle of the night -- and it come to I -- why do not I get a job on graveyard like some of they old gal ' husband -- so I go around to mcdonnell Douglas and Hughes --- howard and what happen ? melvin nuthin . ' howard what a shame . melvin you keep say ' what a shame ! ~--— howard I might have do something . continued 1ifl 30 31 32 #00433 20 continued - 9 30 melvin done what ? howard I be Howard Hughes . melvin 's head swivel , he squint over at Howard beside he . now he look back at the road . suddenly he turn back to Howard . melvin how 's that ? howard I say I be Howard Hughes . melvin stifles a smile , try to look very serious , steal another look over at Howard , now he shake he head to himself . melvin well I believe in anybody callin ' themselves anything they want to . howard I appreciate that . melvine point of view -. 31 windshield , a raindrop , then another . then a sudden downpour , a desert shower , stop almost as soon as it start . another angle - melvine point of view 32 the rain clear , just a gray sky . he open the window . | Howard open he window . melvin ( breathe in ) greasewood . howard ( breathe in ) Sage . melvin nothing like the smell of the desert after the rain . continued jo 32 33 34 35 36 #00433 . 21 continued 32 howard greasewood and sage . they roll along for a while . howard and melvine point of view . 33 way in the distance , the casinos . and hotel rise out of the desert -- Las Vegas . omitted 34 melvine point of view 35 roll into Las Vegas on the boulevard . the blaze of neon lighting up he and Howard 's face . melvin can I let you off at the salvation Army ? howard no thanks . what be you go to do ? melvin we will keep pluggin' . another angle - melvin and howard 36 howard let I off at the Sands . nelvin drive down Las Vegas Blvd. , and pull in at the Sands , howard over there . nelvin drive around the back , towards the bungalow , slowly , about lomph . howard stop --- nelvin right here ? howard this be the place . continued jo 36 37 38 #00433 22 continued 36 melvin stop , look over at Howard . : melvin you get a friend in the kitchen ? give you some money to get that ear attend to ? Howard do not answer , fiddling with the door handle , howard how do you get out of this thing ? melvin reach across Howard , flip the door handle , the door open . melvin well I enjoy it , ol 's buddy . he smile at Howard , swing the door wide open , Howard hesi - tate . suddenly --~ howard you get any money ? melvin sigh , reach in he pocket , fumble . closeup - howard 37 wait , watch . on melvin 38 fishing in he pocket . melvin ai not get but a auarter change --- gi Howard do not answer , hold out he hand , melvin drop the quarter into it . Howard get out now , shut the door . howard thank you , melvin . and he be go . jo 39 40 41 42 43 44 #00433 23 Rev. 12/12/78 ext . gabb , nevada - before sunrise 39 the middle of nowhere . in the distance , dense , white chemical smoke curling up off the ridge where a magnesium plant hover . ( xx ) down below , almost a mile away , the town , rutte dirt street line with trailer . on the plant 40 the whistle blow . a handful of worker emerge , climb into they batter car . graveyard move out , day move in . on melvin 41 drive down a baked - clay side street , dirty dog clear out of the way . a batter airstream trailer lie ahead on the right . pull into the yard , grassless and sandy , a plastic pool cake with mud . a pull toy straddle a old clothes wringer . a clothesline , a child 's snowsuit pin to it . on melvin 42 climb out of the car , pick he way to the door of the trailer , past a new Honda lean against the air drum . int . melvine trailer 43 a dinette set fight for space with a child 's bicycle and toy . a new tv , a dishrag from the evening meal drape over it . melvin move to a partition , a blanket strung on a piece of twine . melvine point of view darcy , a nymphet 10 year old , sound asleep . he bend to kiss she , tuck the blanket around she . she smile . melvin adjust the heater , then move off , pull the partition close . on lynda . 44 in she middle twenty , hunch sexy shoulder of a ex-cheer - leader , busky and redolent with sleep now . melvin peel off he clothes , they drop at he ankle as he climb into bed . jo 45 46 47 48 #00433 2a on melvin and lynda he touch she . and she stir . melvin be glaze with the heat of she sleep , the warmth of the bed , Lynda 's proximity . he rustle , she try to cuiet he , but now he move over she . excite by she , and now she by he , they intimacy always contain , conscious of darcy beyond the curtain . later 45 melvin fall asleep . Lynda awake beside he . the sound of a car pull up . Lynda freeze . a car door open , shut . another car door open , shut . on lynda she do not move , tune into the sound , familiar with they almost , dread they . now she get up and go to the win - dow , look out . lynda's point of view 46 a jump cable be connect to a battery in melvin 's car . a spark fly , the car start . repossession man in they Montgomery Ward suit , flip the cable off , throw it in the trunk of they car . one start to close the trunk , the other stop he . on melvine motorcycle one lift the handlebar , the other the rear wheel , '' and they heave it into they trunk . on lynda 47 she start for the door , then stop . she lift the curtain of the other window . linda' point of view 48 melvin 's car drive down the dusty street . follow it the repo car , the trunk lid catch the dawn light as it bobble over the motorcycle . jo 49 50 51 51 - a 52 53 54 #00433 25 closeup - lynda 49 turn back to melvin . he sleep soundly , oblivious , beati - fic . Lynda reach for the telephone . road to gabb - dawn - a pickup 50 jaunting down the road . at the wheel in a straw cowman 's hat , Clark halsted , stashed in a rack behind he , like a shotgun , he guitar , melvine trailer - lynda 51 press a doll of darcy 's into a little wicker suitcase . darcy dress and scruffy , wiping the sleep from she eye . they hear Clark 's truck pull up . Lynda go to the door , make a motion for Clark to wait . ext . mel' yard - day - clark 51 - a reach for he guitar , open the case , start to noodle as he wait . on lynda . 52 frantically finish throw clothes into a bay as melvin begin to stir . she half - pull , half - push darcy out the door . darcy head for the pickup . Lynda reach for she own bag , and she see melvin turn over . she rush out the door , then stop . go back . on lynda and melvin 53 for a instant , the feel she might want to climb into bed with he . she reach down , jostle he awake , melvin look up . lynda good-bye , melvin . she leave . on melvin 54 he blink , sit up . continued 54 55 56 57 58 and 59 60 61 #00433 26 continued 54 melvin hunh ? melvine point of view the partition pull , darcy 's bed empty . on eolvin . 55 lle throw hinself out of bed , dive out the door . melvine point of view 56 the pickup truck already disappear up the road , darcy 's face press to the rear window . she wave . the old dog sit where melvin 's car be . melvin spin for he motorcycle . nothing there but a oil rag in the dust . closeup - melvin 57 blink , bewilder . he look down the road , the smoke ever curling up from the magnesium plant . 58 omitted and 59 bagging room - BASIC manufacactur - gabb , nevada 60 melvin be seat astride a crate in front of a bag machine . he hold open the bag , the magnesium oxide powder pour out , the machine seal the bag . nelvin heave it on a treadmill behind . at the base of the treadmill be Little Red , sacking the bag on a pallet as they come off . a forklift reach in , pluck the pallet , and shovel it on to a trailer outside . the whistle blow . melvinhitsa button -- the machine stop . melvin reach for he lunch pail . open it . the remain of a sandwich , encrust with staleness . he snap it shut , follow Little Red out on to the load platform . they jump down , move into the weigh -shack . it . weigh -shack 61 a gauge for a scale , a radiator , a five - gallon coffee urn . continued 61 #00433 27 continued 61 it be cold out and when they enter the shack , they breath vaporize . they sit on the edge of the radiator . melvin you coffee 's on . little red I always leave it on , melvin how long ' 's it be on ? little red what 's the date today ? melvin twenty -fourth , twenty - fifth --- little red twenty -four , twenty - five day . I start it on the first of the month . Little . Red look at melvin . little red you can not go on like this , mel . melvin like what ? little red moonin ' like a baby . Lynda will come back . they always do -- take I , I can not stand my wife . melvin you tell I . little red but I always go back . I be go back this weekend . you wanna cone ? melvin see you wife ? little red I get a sister . continued 61 62 63 #00433 . . 28 continued - 2 61 melvin you get a sister ? Little Red reach for a coffee cup . melvin she short like you with red hair ? little red tall with blue . take toll on the Golden Gate Bridge . you will like she . Little Red place the cup under the coffee spout . it do not flow . he tip the urn , now release the spigot , the coffee spurt out . follow the coffee from the spout to the floor . on the floor , a hole have be wear , like a crater , from the dripping of the coffee . little red what do you say , melvin ? melvin sigh , look at the hole in the floor . melv=n I do not want to go to San Francisco , Red . but I will hitch a ride with you to reno . gabb highway 62 melvin drive , Little Red beside he . Little Red be drunk . he reach for he bottle , take a pull , try to hand it to melvin . little red here you go , mel . melvin put that stuff away . little red you sure be good , mel . on little red 63 half -asleep , occasionally lighting a cigarette , smoking it dreanily . 64 65 66 67 #00433 '' 29 another angle 64 Little Red sleep in the front seat . suddenly he leap up , melvin almost swerve off the road . little red what happen ? melvin you drop you cigarette ! smoke pour up from under Little Red . he jump out of the car . - melvin you little red asshole ! melvin whip off he jacket , start beat away at the smoking seat . Little Red be run around outside of the car , cool himself . finally , melvin who be make no headway , rip the whole seat out from its slide , throw it in the road . melvin now you drive . and stay awake ! Little Red dutifully climb into the driver 's seat . melvin lay down in the rear , go to sleep . another angle - melvin 65 the car be stop . melvin cough , wake up . melvine point of vie ] 66 Little Red be go . nothing around but desert . melvin peer in another direction . a barb - wire fence , a group of trailer . melvin oh , no . another angle - melvin 67 climb out of the car , walk slowly to a high gate make of hurricane fencing . he try the knob , nothing happen . jiggles it . a Voice boom out over the desert . continued 67 #00433 30 continued 67 voice yes ? melvin you get a little redrhaire guy in there ? voice name ? melvin Little red. voice just a minute , melvin cup he hand , blow air through they , stomp he foot in the cold . voice he 's here . melvin jiggle the gate again . voice what do you want ? melvin hin , voice be you a customer ? melvin no , sir , I be not . voice ' ma 'am ' --- melvin no , matam , I be not . voice we can not let you in unless you be a customer , melvin I do not want to get laid , mar 'am . I just want my buddy . voice hold on . continued 67 68 69 #00433 31 continued - 2 67 the wind whistle , a coyote call . melvin stomp he foot . voice sorry --- melvin look around the desert , shrug . he walk back to the car , climb into the driver 's seat , reach for the ignition . no key . another angle - melvin 68 climb slowly out of the car , jiggling the gate again . voice what do you want ? melvin I would like to get laid . the gate buzze , melvin move through , walk up to the trailer . he press a buzzer , a face appear at the window , let he in . int . trailer 69 madam welcome to the cottontail ranch . melvin thank you , mar 'an . there be a couple of security man lolling in the lounge . madam you friend 's with Tina in 4 , xight down the hall . melvin start down the hall . madam just a minute --- melvin keep walk , the security man block he path . madam it will cost you twenty - two fifty . continued 69 #00433 32 continued 69 melvin you be kid . the security man move a step closer , melvin I get a problem --- madam what 's you problem ? melvin I do not have twenty - two fifty . madam what have you get ? melvin I get shit . my wife 's leave I , so 's my little girl , I almost get burn up in a car , and now my best buddy 's crap out in a cathouse in the middle of the desert ! after a moment . madam I see . melvin let I get my buddy . madam you can not go back there for less than twenty - two fifty . melvin all I want 's the key to the car . you can have he . madam I do not know what to tell you , son . we do not make the rule . the county do . twenty dollar for the trick . a dollar for a towel . a dollar fifty deposit on the towel . melvin look at he watch . melvin Lynda give this to I for my thirtieth birthday --. continued 69 69 - a 69 - B #00433 33 Rev. 12/12/78 continued - 2 6e she take the watch from he . melvin you get the phase of the moon --- madam we girl know the phase of the moon --- she hand the watch back . melvin shift , part a curtain on the window . melvin tell you what . he 's get a brand new spare tire on the Monaco -- four- ply radial -- non-skid -- whitewall --- madam what be I go to do with a tire ? melvin ( point at the security man ) I do not know , maybe you can hang it - on he dick ! the security man smile . melvin ( to the madan ) help I , lady . she drum she finger . madam go get you friend . int . trailer corridor ~ late afternoon 69 -a the security man buzze melvin through a door , and melvin move down the curtain corridor , open the door to number 4 , int . trailer room # 4 - late aft™ernooti 69 - B a pretty girl , Tina , be practice tap dance on a prattice ( xx ) board in 'a corner of the’ room . ' Little Red be rest on the edge of the bed , he head slump on he chest . all he clothes be off except one shoe and a sock , he hold . the shoe in one hand . he be fast asleep . continued 69 - B #00433 34 Rev. continued tina that 's as far as he get . we license require we give he thirty minute -- he 's get seven to go . melvin look down at Little Red . melvin give I a hand here . Tina get up , melvin lay Little Red on he back , they start to dress he . melvin you marry , Tina ? tina I get a kid in carson City , my husband 's in reno . my nother 's in Vegas and you just pass my father out in the hallway . melvin Lord . Tina be struggle with Little Red 's pants . tina you do he fly . I do not want to catch he in it . melvin sigh . melvin you sure get a sense of humor . my name 's melvin dummar . let I shake you hand , Tina . Tina shake melvin 's hand . they eye meet . tina you marry , melvin ? 12/12/78 together ( x ) melvin beam , look down at Red , dress all lop -sidedly , still sound asleep . melvin where could we put this if we want to share a few minute together ? continued 69 - B 70 #00433 35 Rev. 12/12/78 continued - 2 69 -b tina in the hallway . no one will know the difference , they heave Little Red on to a chair outside the crib . prop he up , and close the curtain on hin . melvin there 's only one problem . tina what 's that ? melvin it have not get twenty - two fifty . tina that 's all right , he 's still get seven minute . and besides , my watch just stop . : int . motel room ~ reno 70 a shatter of glass , the slam of a door , Lynda lie in the shard of a glass coffee table as darcy creep out of the bathroom where she have be hide . Lynda and darcy stare at the doorway for a long time . lynda musician stink . darcy move to Lynda now , sink in she mother 's arm , now she turn and help she mother up on the couch . she examine Lynda 's face , touch a bruise cheek ; lick the blood from a scratch on she forehead . they just lie there . darcy it 's my fault . lynda what be you talk about ? darcy he do not want a kid around . lynda he say he want a kid . he say he want you . be after I for ( xx ) mohth . I would divorce melvin and he would adopt you . continued 70 #00433 36 continued 70 darcy do not Joe goucher say that ? ~ after a moment . lynda yeah . darcy what do Joe goucher play ? lynda bass . Lynda get up wearily from the couch , pick up the piece of glass . darcy help she . darcy how're we gonna pay for this ? lynda with a job . darcy what job ? lynda I do not know -- a job . darcy at the do nut shop . lynda maybe not a do nut shop again . ( smile ) maybe a do nut shop . darcy it do not matter , ma. Lynda sigh , lynda or cocktail waitress --- darcy I will have to help you , lynda what be you talk about ? continued 70 #00433 37 continued - 2 darcy do not you renember ? flunk . be a King alfonse and a King alfonse be a Moscow mule ? and then you have the fight with the last time you bartender ? a heel be break in Lynda 's shoe . wall , lynda I remember . darcy I think I want to go home . silence . lynda I can not go home , honey . darcy I know it 's hard without a car for you . but you know I only have to walk to school . Lynda look at she , lynda you miss school ? darcy I miss my friend . lynda and daddy ? after a moment . darcy I do not miss hin , ( after another moment ) yeah , I miss he . lynda I , too --- darcy ( jump up ) good ! you think a Moscow mule 70 she throw it against the continued my 70 71 72 73 #00433 38 continued - 3 70 lynda ( jump up ) but , I would not go back to that sonofabitch if he be the last man on earth ! darcy do not swear , mama . lynda i'm sorry . she touch darcy . lynda C be 'on , I will walk you to the bus . Lynda make she way across the room , pick up the break shoe , strip the pad off the sole , take out a ten-dollar bill . int . bus terminal ~- reno 71 Lynda come away from the ticket window , count she change , a couple of dollar . she press the ticket into darcy 's hand . now she move to the lunch counter . lynda's point of view . 72 a lunch counter customer sit at the counter , chew on a ham sandwich . Lynda look at the sandwich warily . lynda you be not eat here . take a seat , honey , I will be right back . another angle - lunch counter 73 Lynda undoing a grocery bag . pull out a loaf of italian bread . lynda ( to the counterman ) hey , you get a knife ? he turn around from the sandwich board , Lynda smile . he hand she the knife . she cut the loaf in half . continued 73 74 75 76 77 #00433 39 continued 73 reaches for a jar of mustard rest on the counter . smear the bread . now she remove a packet of ham from the grocery bag , lay the whole , thick stack on one of the slab of bread . she steal a leaf of lettuce froma plate that have not be clear , press it on the ham , cover the concoction with a second slab of bread . wrap the sandwich up in the wax bread paper . . counterman now how about something to drink ? Lynda open she palm to the nickel and dime that remain . lynda give we a milky Way . the counterman flip she a milky Way , she open it , break it in half , hand half to darcy . they walk out , munch on they halve of candy bar . bus bay - reno bus station 74 Lynda kiss darcy at the door . darcy climb up , move to a seat on the bus , Lynda follow she from the platform . darcy take a seat , open she brown bag . on darcy 75 wave to Lynda , reach into the bag , lift out the sand - wich , take a huge bite . she flash the " okay " sign . on lynda 76 the bus be throw into gear , Lynda wave hysterically as the bus back out . and then all of a sudden it disappear . on lynda 77 walk down a reno : the sound of nusic come from a doorway . she look : nrough the window . 78 7o- a 79 80 81 82 83 84 # 00433 a age '' Rev. 12/14/78 lynda's point of view 78 a typical nevada saloon , a mish -mash of gambling machine , poker table , a roulette wheel . above the circular bar , a stage . a speaker blare country and western . on the stage , four go - go girl dance in tassel and fringe . they do not move fast . Lynda go in . gabb - bus ts - a se arrive . darcy get off -- run to melvin . they hug . reno - night 79 melvin speed along in a wreck of a dodge , barely hold together , a fender flutter . ext . motel - reno - night 80 melvin exit he car and enter the motel office . , {x ) lynda's motel . room 81 melvin enter , look into the unmade bed , check the sheet . now move into the bathroom . spy some false eyelash on the shelf . examine they between he finger . now he sit down on the commode . as he do , he see the fringe and tassel of a go - go costume , lovingly laid out to dry on a towel . he pick it up , hold it away from himself . now he bring it close , smell it , bury he nose in the tiny swatch of material . int . go - go SALOON ~- reno 82 melvin muscle he way through the crowded casino , up to . the scattered character at the bar . lynda 83 : dance go - go , kind of enjoy it . go - go dancer : oa next to Lynda , she name be Lucy . she poke Lynda 's elbow , try to yell over the noise . lucy a guy 's wave at you over there . continued my 84 #00433 41 continued 84 Lynda look down . lynda oh my God , it 's melvin . she dance off in the other direction but melvin run around the bar follow she . she dance back the other way now , but melvin have leap up on the stage and pull the plug on the speaker . he carry a suitcase . silence in the bar . two security man head towards melvin . melvin you come home with I , Lynda . get out of this place and come home with you husband , melvin dummar . a Voice from the crowd . . voice you go home , melvin . another voice yeah , go on home , melvin . Lynda look on helplessly . melvin Lynda , you be my wife ! now come home ! the security man leap on the bar . melvin git outa this bar Lynda and come back where you belong . lynda I will not ! melvin you gotta ! lynda I can not ! melvin why not ?! lynda I love to dance ! continued 84 #00433 42 continued - 2 84 Lucy ( hugging Lynda ) oh , Lynda ! you make I feel so good , . nx . + melvin throw off the security man , and rip open the suitcase . '' melvin '' all right , you like this damn bar ?! then you can live in this damn bar ! melvin strew Lynda 's clothes on the bar , shirt , pants , underwear . lynda oh jeezus , melvin . now as the security man charge melvin a last time , he leap off the bar , at the same time throw a torrent of fringe and tassel at Lynda . Lynda catch they in the face , they stop she . she reach down and pick a few up . lynda he cut up my best Day -glo . the owner plug in the music , instantly the girl resume dance . melvin thread he way out to catcall and a single " attaboy , melvin ! " the owner beckon Lynda . jerry how often do this happen , Lynda ? lynda I be sorry , Jerry . jerry I feel for you and everything but you know it 's not the best thing for business --- lynda I know , I know . ( sigh ) I be quittin ' anyway . continued 84 84-1- a 84 - a 85 #00433 as Rev. 12/14/78 continued - 3 : : 84 she head for she dress room . ext . go - go club - night 84 - 1 - melvin get in car and drive off . ~ ( x ) ext . reno - day 4 - a melvin burn up the road in he batter dodge with darey .° club 29 ~ reno ~ night . 8s another saloon -~ Lynda in another go - go costune , serve drink now . the owner lean over she shoulder . owner someone here to see you . Lynda look up . it be melvin . lynda oh God . she walk right up to he . ~ lynda what do you want , melvin ? S melvin no fight , no bicker -- just carry out the law plain and simple . ( hand she a paper ) interlocutory decree . she 's final in six week . ( hand she a ring ) and my wedding ring -- keep yours if you like . lynda aw , melvin . melvin I will be seein ' you , Lynda . he stalk off . she unfold the document . lynda hey , wait a minute ! what 's it say about darcy in here ? continued mee «#00433 ms , sae Rev. 12/14/78 a5 continued - : 85 melvin I get custody . lynda what. do you mean , you get custody ? melvin no daughter of mine 's go to hang around this bar : Lynda throw the tray of drink she be carry in he face . melvin come up spitting , reach over the bar for a customer 's glass of beer and throw it at Lynda -- the owner jump on the bar , grab melvin by the neck . owner now , wait a minute ! melvin ( loose himself ) I be goin’ anyway . melvin turn on he heel and walk out . owner ( exasperate ) hey , look , 's Lynda --- lynda never mind . I quit . she draw the string on she go - go costume , it drop to the floor in front of the astound owner and patron . and now , ( X ) with the utmost dignity , Lynda all naked , . stride to the dress room past the gawk of the bewilder customer . 86 reno STREET - night a house on a side street , the reno neon glitter burn bright in the b.g. Lynda walk to the door . 86-a int . lucy house - night Lucy pick up Lynda 's bag , lead she toa bedroom , turn on the light . 86-b int . lucy bedroom - night 86-e turn on the light . the bedroom be all nice and pristine . continued jo 86 ~- B #00433 continued Lynda pitch she bag on the bed , start undress . 45 . Rev. 12/12/78 ( x} lynda gee -- and I almost have to spend the night with some sonofabitch lawyer , lucy be there any other kind ? lynda I just want to get my little girl back , my husband 's divorce I . lucy why ? lynda because he can not make any money and it make he feel bad . hang up she clothes . lynda so I can stay here as long as I want ? Lucy Long as you want . until you baby come . do not ask I how , I always know . lynda and do you know I will never see the father again ? Lucy do not worry , kid . you will get a abortion , it will all be over --- lynda ( interrupt ) oh , no , I have one of that , I keep dream of bunny drown . Lynda climb under the cover . Lucy i711 bet I know what that mean --- lynda do not tell I . I be just not go to do it again . continued 86 - B om jo 86 - B #00433 46 through 48 ( x ) continued - 2 Lucy melvin knock you up . that bastard . lynda maybe melvin .. maybe not melvin . melvin 's okay . lucy you mean we like melvin ? a few kind man leave in this world , right ? but we be leave he , right ? lynda melvin 's leave I . Lucy what be you go to do now ? lynda same thing I always do . go home to mother . Rev. 12/12/78 fade out 86-b 87 88 89 90 91 92 #00433 - ae ag. Rev. 12/14/78 fade in los angele - freeways - establishing shot 87 down the San Diego past disneyland . behind disneyland - lynda's mother' house 88 a sea of tract house . Zoom in on one , any one . int . lynda's mother' house 89 Lynda sit on a couch in a pair of pregnant hot pants and a bra watch television . Lynda be eight month pregnant . her mother , Mrs. West , -sit ( X ) beside she . . mrs . west you want something cold to drink , - Lynda ? . lynda no thanks , ma. mrs . west I be go gut for a few minute . lynda okay , ma. mrs . west anything happen , call a cab to take you to the hospital . lynda nothing 's go to happen , ma. the door slam . omitted 90 lynda on the couch ° 91 ° watch the tv set . she reach for a book , " the Magic of believe . " glance at it , then back at the tv set . now she look at the phone . gabb - melvine trailer . 92 melvin be fix breakfast . Chaos . toaster , griddle cake , continued km 92 93 94 #00433 50 Rev. 12/12/78 continued 92 pop up tart . bubble coffee pot . whir milkshake {x ) blender . vegamatic . darcy be watch " let 's make a deal " on television . melvin have he eye on it . ( x ) on the tv 93 monte hall and here we go with the Big deal ! a lady dress like a phonograph record can not decide which door to choose . on melvin and darcy 94 darcy number 2 . melvin number 3 . the lady choose door number three -- she win . melvin 's face light up . monte hall ' ' a brand new pontiac astra and ! -= a trip to Hawaii on United Airlines -- United , the friendly airline --- ' melvin I tell you ! I tell you ! melvin clap he hand with delight . darcy geez --- melvin whatsa matter ? darcy I be jealous , daddy . melvin aw no , honey , it 's a wonderful thing -- lookit that -- Hawaii -- the friendly sky -- pontiac astra ~~ look ! -- look how happy she be ! -- aw gee , she 's embarrassed -- monte kiss she --- ~ the telephone ring . mly 94 #00433 51 continued 94 darcy turn the television set off , tumble outside and climb on she bike . past the window of the trailer , riding lazily in the dusty twilight , past dog , past a kid on a wagon , past a basket of laundry . melvin pick up the phone . darcy keep riding around the trailer . melvin hullo ? lynda hello , melvin ? melvin hey , Lynda . how 's it go ? lynda how 's what go ? melvin I dunno , whatever you get go . lynda could darcy come down and see I ? melvin you pregnant ? lynda what do you mean , be I pregnant ?! what do you say a thing like that for ?l! melvin I dunno . you sound pregnant . for what other reason would you ask I to let darcy go down there and hang around they bar ? lynda I do not go to bar , melvin . melvin and that air in l.a . all that smog . all they people . how preg - nant be you ? for you sake , you better hope it 's a girl . lynda what be you talk about , melvin ? continued mly 94 #00433 52 continued - 2 94 melvin because if it 's a boy and it look like Clark halsted , I be go to kill it . lynda I just want to see darcy . melvin and then I be go to kill you . ( after a moment ) I would rather have you come up . lynda where ? melvin Las Vegas . we will do it in Las Vegas . I 'il marry you there . lynda you just divorced I , melvin . what do you want to marry I for ? melvin I do not want my little girl have illegitimate kin . lynda melvin ? melvin yes , honey ? lynda I have be read this book ' the Magic of believe . ' melvin yeah , what 's that ? lynda it 's about you . melvin ( smile ) hey . lynda it say you can be anything you want to be if you will just believe in yourself . and you believe in yourself -- it 's just the believe continued on™ mee 94 #00433 continued Mrs . West silently , he start 53 Rev. 12/12/78 -3 94 lynda ( cont would ) have not be enough to let you become what you belive you can be . melvin Rome be not build in a day . we will keep plugging . lynda I have be think , melvin . I have not be good to you . I have not believe in you like you believe in you . melvin how 's insurance sound to you ? lynda insurance . Real estate . anything but bag at Basic . melvin yeah , the ol ' paycheck ~ to - paycheck . frustratin ' , when I know I be bear for something else . lynda you really want to marry I , melvin ? enter ( she 's be eavesdropp ) and frantically , ( x ) signal " no ! not again ! " melvin I hear you be livin ' with whore over in reno . lynda I know you do not . melvin but I want you to know I be not go to hold it against you , however --- . lynda melvin , do not start gettin ' around I now --- melvin aw , honey , I want to get around you . I be missin™ you . miss you lovin ' --- to sing over the telephone . continued mile 94 95 96 97 98 99 #00433 54 continued - 4 94 melvin ( sing ) ' my woman , my woman , my wife -= - ' ext . gas station - las vega - melvin 95 be wait behind the wheel in Little Red 's car . int . restroom - gas station : 36 wait as darcy struggle with the tie on a 8 - month pregnant sateen suit , buy for the wedding . now she present herself to darcy . lynda how do I look ? darcy ( worshipful ) fat . but nice . ext . gas station - melvin 97 drive up , reach across , swing the door open . darey help Lynda in . ext . cupid wedding chapel - las vega blvd . - melvin 98 help Lynda out . he be dress in boot , spur , double - knit pants and he best cowboy rose shirt . before they go inside , he give he hair a lick : with he comb . then he take darcy and give she hair a lick with he comb . wipe the comb off and put it back in he pocket . int . cupid wedding chapel 99 a tiny room with ice-cream chair and a white pulpit under a arbor of wax flower : the owner , a kindly , fat woman be at she desk at front . continued ss 99 #00433 : 55 - continued 99 melvin we be the dummar . owner not yet , you be ' the dummar . ' melvin oh yeah , we be the dummar and we be get marry again . owner wonderful ! be you with we the first time ? we have have a lot of repeater -- repeater be we favorite folk . melvin no , mar ‘am . owner ( to Lynda ) would you like a veil ? Lynda look over at melvin . melvin how much be a veil ? owner four dollar . Lynda be motion " do not . " melvin we will take a veil . the owner hand Lynda a pink veil . lynda you get a blue one ? to go - with my suit ? owner I have get white . the second time around the girl like a color . melvin she will take white . owner now , on the music --- continued 99 #00433 56 continued - 2 99 melvin what have you get ? owner we have inspirational , ' because , ' we have Hawaiian , the ' War chant , ' we have --- lynda melvin " because . ' ' hawaiin War chant . 's they look at each other . lynda ' Hawaiian War chant . ' owner very good . that 's five dollar on the veil , five dollar on the music , fifteen dollar for the ceremony , four dollar for the license , ten dollar for the witness -- thirty - nine dollar all together . melvin reach in he pocket , pull out all he money . owner thirty - nine out of forty . thank you . she hand melvin a dollar back . melvin that do not leave we much for break - fast . I be not count on the witness . the owner indicate a terribly decrepit old couple , wait in a ante-room in two chair , wear they Sunday best . owner well , they have get to make a live , too . darcy tug on the owner 's arm who be press button behind she desk . darcy a bag of rice , please . continued ss 99 100 #00433 57 continued - 3 399 owner well be not you sweet , honey ? she hand darcy a bag of rice and collect fifty cent . the Hawaiian War chant start . the light lower . a justice of the peace materialize behind the pulpit . and Lynda and melvin , with darcy behind then , move stately down the aisle . pulpit - justice of the peace 100 jp ' til death do we part . ' melvin ' til death do we part . ' jp Lynda and melvin , I now pronounce you man and wife . melvin and Lynda kiss . lynda this be it , melvin . he hug she tight . melvin ooh , you get a fat belly , woman . the witness come forward . the Old Lady kiss melvin and the old man buss Lynda -~ a long long time . they all start up back the aisle -- darcy be throw rice . the cld man falter . the wedding party stop . old lady what 's the matter , George ? {to Lynda and melvin ) he get weak in the heat -- I better take he home , they turn to go , the owner pay they off at the desk and they leave . owner now what be I go to do ? I get three couple come in at eleven --- mee 101 102 103 104 105 through 111 112 #00433 58 Rev. 12/12/78 montage - melvin , lynda and darcy 101 melvin and Lynda witness a dozen marriage . kiss they opposite . darcy scatter bag of rice . melvin enjoy himself immensely . at the chapel desk - that night 102 melvin be drying himself with a towel , Lynda have loosen she suit and she stomach hang over pants , darcy asleep in the chapel . owner opay melvin ) that 's 12 couple at ten dollar each -~ 120 dollar -- ( look up ) and may I say you be wonderful ! you be so in love -- it 's good for business . come back as witness anytime . ( reach into she drawer ) and here 's some party packet -- five dollar free at caesar 's Palace -- five dollar free at the Sands -- five dollar free at the Desert Inn -- Love ya both ! montage - lynda , melvin and darcy 103 eat , drink , dance , play the slot . darcy hit nickel jackpot , melvin buy chance on classic car , Lynda spraying complimentary perfume . : another angle - the dummar 104 at the Desert Inn . melvin , Lynda and darcy play auto-poker . they hit a flush . cheer . 105 omitted through 111 ( X ) int . rockwood dairy - bellflower - the driver' room 112 melvin walk to the cashier 's window , push a stack of bill ( x ) through the cage . melvin that 's 225 , bonnie . continued o~ mee 112 112- a #00433 59 Rev. 12/12/78 continued 112 she count it . bonnie 225 be right . melvin I tell you I be go to win that color tv . I be go to be Driver of the month . bonnie well , you be in the lead , melvin . ( smile ) and you want to know something ? I be root for you . she blushes . melvin you marry , bonnie ? but bonnie do not answer , fold up the money , start to turn back to she desk . bonnie hey -- almost forget -- Bill want to see you . int . bill be office - dairy - day - melvin 112-a walk down the hall , enter a inner office . a sign " bill matilla , Assistant manager . " bill listen , melvin , I just want to tell you , you be doin ' real good ! melvin why , thank you . bill only thing be -- you know that engine that blow up you first week -- I talk to Mr. rockwood -- there 's just no way we can see to do anything but deduct it --- melvin now , wait a minute --- continued mee # 00433 60 Rev. 12/12/78 112-a continued 112-a bill we will take it real slow , just a few dollar a week --- melvin that be not my fault -- you give I that old junker -- the motor be shot . bill you sign the note , melvin --- ( X ) melvin do not you know I be in the lead for the magnavox 450l with the ( x ) auto-zoom ? : bill what can I tell you , melvin ? we figure Driver of the month on net -~ and with you deduction come up --- he shrug . suddenly , melvin reach across and grab he by the shirt . melvin listen , you sonofabitch , that color ( X ) tv be mine ! that 's for I ! my wife and my little baby ! deduct whatever the hell you want , but you know it and I know it -- I be the goddamn Driver of the month ! Bill be choke . bill let go , melvin . melvin do not let go . bill let go , or do not come back tomorrow . melvin release he . melvin what do you say ?! bill you be a good driver , melvin --- continued mee # 00433 '' 1 through 66 Rev. 12/12/78 112-a continued - 2 112-a melvin Driver of the menth ! twenty new damn account ! ' bill I be sorry about the engine , melvin ~~ but it 's you responsibility --- melvin be I or be I not ? } continued o~ aeo # 00433 67 112-a continued - 2 112-a Bill wait . bill you will pay for the engine ? melvin I ask you , you bastard , be I Driver of the month ?! bill you be . melvin and do I get the color tv? after a moment . bill okay . melvin nod . melvin deduct you goddamn engine . 113 hospital - anaheim , california - baby nursery 113 a baby be raise to the window . 114 closeup - melvin 114 register nothing . 115 lynda's room - lynda 115 wait , look up at the ceiling . melvin enter . there be a long silence . lynda I be sorry , melvin . melvin he 's get they beady eye and that slack tongue . look just like Clark halsted . : lynda he could be yours , melvin . continued db 115 #00433 continued silence . 68 : Rev. 12/14/78 11 melvin mine ! lynda you remember the morning the car ( X ) be repossess ? melvin you mean the morning you wake I ( X ) up to say good - bye ? lynda I be sorry , melvin . I pray . I pray for a little girl . Lynda do not move . melvin jee-zus ! he stride into the bathroom . the sound of he urinate . two nurse appear . one have a stack of photograph . melvin yes ? nurse burn hello , everybody ! what we have here be a few picture take at delivery -- miss crockett and I work together -- she photograph -- I process . melvin I will bet you do . you marry , miss crockett ? nurse burn I be miss burn . my partner 's miss crockett . melvin how do you do , miss crockett . lynda no thank you , miss burn . melvin how much ? continued db # 00433 69 and 70 Rev. 12/12/78 115 continued - 2 115 nurse crockett { X ) a hundred and twenty dollar for five beautiful color print . lynda a hundred and twenty dollar ! you get some racket ! git outa here ! melvin wait a minute -- let I see ‘em . miss burn show he the picture . melvin giggle -- then he giggle some more . miss crockett exit the room . ( xx ) melvin belly button look like a corkscrew . lynda tell she to go away , melvin . melvin look some more . melvin how much you gettin ' for ‘em ? a hundred and twenty ? nurse burn clear she throat . melvin look at she nameplate ( X ) heaving on she breast . melvin do I ask if you be marry , miss burn ? lynda melvin ! melvin we will take ‘em . I '11 give you the cash tomorrow . he snatch the picture , grab a pen from she breast pocket , scribbles something on the clipboard . melvin and my boy 's name be faron dummar . hand she the clipboard . miss burn what a good name . melvin he 's a good boy . continued my 115 116 117 #00433 71 Rev. 12/12/78 continued - 4 114 Lynda smile . miss burn go . lynda melvin ? melvin yes , Lynda ? lynda how 's darcy ? melvin she 's wait downstairs . they : ( X ) will not let she come up . " lynda why not ? ( x ) melvin ( % ) Hospital rule . but the first nurse , miss crockett , reappear with faron . miss crockett dairy-time ! melvin gimme that baby and forget they joke ! . he snatch faron , carry he gingerly over to Lynda . lay he beside she . she uncover a breast . melvin watch tensely . the two nurse leave the room . ( X ) now melvin seem to relax . he start to hum , he begin to sing a lullaby of he own make . everything peaceful . darcy appear secretively at the door . ( xx ) he motion she to come in . he be still sing as darcy climb on he lap to watch she mother nurse . ext . church of the latter day saint - anaheim 116 Music -- a chorus booming forth with " now thank we all we God . " int . church 117 the church empty , in the choir loft a chorus of sixty singer rehearse . continued 1fl 117 118 119 119 - a #00433 72 continued 117 ( singings#orus '... Lord saboth he name from age to age the same ' closhup - melvin 118 sing up a storm . closeup - bonnif 119 the cashier at rockwood dairy . sing and sneaking a leok at melvin . chiormaster ( sing ) . . ' on earth be not he equal . ' ( speak ) that 's it for tonight , folk . see you on Sunday . the group break up . bonnie head straight for melvin , bump into he accidentally . they walk to the parking lot together . ext . church parking lot - night 119 - a bonnif , you have a lovely baritone , melvin . melvin why thank you , bonnie . bonnie everybody think so , we be so pleased you join we . melvin I dunno , I feel like get back to the church . I try they all when I be a kid , nazarene , four Square Gospel , Church of Christ , but Latter Day Saints -- I be bear mormon , you know -- only one ever make I happy . bonnie be you happy now ? continued 1fl # 00433 73 Rev. 12/12/78 119-a continued 119-a melvin can not seem to get ahead , bonnie . the job and everything , you know -- buy too much car , I guess . can not stand live under the same roof with my mother - in - law and not pay the mortgage ~-+ baby clothes , baby furniture --- bonnie the Church will help you . melvin I know , bonnie . Mormons be kind . you get that mormon aura , bonnie . they arrive at melvin 's truck . melvin well , we will just keep pluggin' . bonnie ( radiant ) what a beautiful attitude , melvin . 120 lynda's mother' house - morning 120 melvin stagger in . the tv be switch to '' let 's make a deal . " Mrs. West bustles ' around . baby faron be 's ery , ( xx ) darcy be hold he , Lynda sip a drink . melvin what be you do ? lynda just a little brandy . they repossess the car today . melvin shrug . melvin it 's okay . lynda sure . faron start to scream . Lynda take he from darcy , put he on the breast . melvin take off he shirt . continued o~ my # 00433 74 Rev. 12/12/78 120 continued melvin whaddya get for supper ? lynda Bell pepper . melvin I hate bell pepper . lynda I get bell pepper . how be God tonight ? darcy ssh ! -- it 's the Big deal . melvin 's face light up , look at the screen . darcy door number two . lynda door number one . melvin door number three . 121 tv set a contestant dress as a lady martian be in agony . contestant door number three . door number three revolve , revealing a large boat . monte hall -- Chris craft with depth finder and --- suddenly , melvin jump out of he chair . 122 coffee shop - beverly blvd . - hollywood Lynda sit tensely with melvin through the window the front gate of the ABC studio . a sign sit on the seat beside she . melvin ( read . aloud ) ' I be a pirate . I come to deal not to steal . 's continued 120 {x ) 121 ( x ) 122 ( x ) my 122 #00433 75 Rev. 12/12/78 continued 122 the people . in the coffee shop look over . lynda ssh , melvin --- melvin keep scream and wave the sign in they face . get it ? lynda I will never do it . melvin you will do it . I get confidence in you . now remember , once you be continued ab 122 123 #00433 76 continued 122 melvin ( cont would ) on the trading floor , always trade up . settle for nothing . lynda but suppose I be a few hundred dollar ahead , my God think what we could do with a few hundred dollar . melvin try a few thousand ?! try they on for size ! we will be fly to Hawaii with cash besides ! be bold , baby ! lynda baby ? melvin we be in show business now . outside ABC . 123 Lynda dress as a pirate woman , hot pants , a halter , a ker - chief and melvin 's patch . a page be speak to the line cf ticket - holder for " let 's make a deal . " page now , people , the whole thing be not to try to call attention to yourselves . the writer emerge from a side door , they start down the line . a hush fall over the gather . past a man dress as a fisherman with a pole and a hook and a fish " I be good bait for a deal . " past a tramp -- " take I from rags to riches . " as they come up the line , there be tittering and jostling . iynda stand docile underneath she sign , melvin 's hand reach down the back of she pants , he finger grope for a hunk of flesh . Lynda scream . writer ( point to Lynda ) you , you core with we . now everybody start scream . db 124 125 126 127 #00433 77 trading floor - " let' make a deal " 124 the tv show in progress , monte hall now Lynda ~- do you want to keep you five - hundred dollar or do 's you want to buy what 's behind that curtain where Carol be stand ? Lynda look at the curtain , then at the money in monte 's hand . melvin - in the audience 125 try valiantly to get Lynda 's attention . nodding he head like a marionette . the audience yell " no ! no ! " lynda ( trance ) okay . Carol draw the curtain . the announcer 's voice come over . announcer ( v.0 . ) the sonny James live room suite by berkline ! the model start walk around the live room set . announcer ( v.o. ) the arm have a saddlebao effect with tufting in the seat and - back for deep down comfort . . com - plete with table and lamp ! it retail for . 2. $ 1,307 ! Lynda jump up and down . melvin - in the audience 126 melvin that 's my wife ! on stage 127 another woman stand with Lynda , a black lady in a mortar - board . continued db 127 128 129 #00433 78 continued 127 monte now it 's time for the Big deal ! there be three door in front of we . ( to the black lady ) Eureka , what door do you choose ? Eureka agonize . eureka one . the model revolve the door , a platform jamme with tile . announcer ( v.o. ) 200 square foot of ... 2 - Brick . give character and elegance to you wall . from the family of Z - Brick product . it 's worth $ 276.60 ! monte kiss Eureka and now he turn to Lynda . monte and Lynda dummar , what door do you choose ? melvin - in audience 128 melvin be signal like crazy , raise two finger , throw the two finger at Lynda . Lynda look from door # 2 to door # 3 , the audience squealing advice . melvin - in audience 129 flail and throw two finger at Lynda . melvin two !! two!l! Lynda turn to monte . lynda Three . continued db 129 130 131 #00433 79 continued 129 monte door number three ... Carol ! Carol revolve door number three . a piano . announcer ( v.o. ) the kimball country french artist Console ~- include hand - carve cabinetry , grand style side-hinged top and grand lyre . from kimball ++. it retail for ... $ 1,700 ! monte ( to a staggered Lynda ) and with that new piano , you be probably gonna wanna have it tune and take lesson . so you will need 's a tuning fork and some sheet music , so to take care of that expense take a look at the rest of this deal ... the revolve turn : to reveal . the flash light board , which be flash . : : : monte $ 10,000 in cash ! ° ( applause ) that make the total value of this Big deal ... $ 11,700 ! ( applause ) melvin ~ in audience 130 fall off he chair on to a lady dress like a pillow , with a sign " I 've come down for a deal ! " on stage 131 Music , applause , commotion , the credit roll , monte be kiss by a frantic Lynda , everybody take bow . monte do you know what you be go to do with the money , sweetheart ? lynda I sure do know what I be go to do with the money . mly 132 133 134 135 #00433 80 real estate office ~ anaheim - melvin and lynda 132 be seat beside scale model of two house . real estate man so which will it be ? the landlord ?! or the sentinel . melvin the landlord ! lynda how much be they again ? real estate man ( elate ) the landlord be 59,900 ! ( depressed ) and the sentinel be 44,300 . lynda we will take the sentinel . melvin now wait a minute , honey --- lynda I win the goddamn money ! and we be go to live in the goddamn sentinel ! go out on the fall face of melvin and the Real estate man . the sentinel - anaheim 133 a little house in a development on .a quiet street . int . house 134 all the room empty but for the live room where the sonny James live room suite by berkline be laid out . it do not look as good here . another angle - live room -. darcy and lynda 135 seat on the window sill , a pad and a pencil and some figure laid out in front of they . continued mly 135 136 137 #00433 81 Rev. 12/12/78 continued 135 lynda if we be very , very careful --- darcy do I get the tap dance lesson ? lynda I think so . darcy and my girl scout uniform ? lynda I think we will have to wait on that till next month , honey . darcy point of view 136 look out the window . darcy here come daddy . melvin roll into the driveway , drive a new cadillac which pull a boat cradle . on it rest a twenty - five - foot outboard . ext . house - lynda 137 daze by the sight of melvin 's possession , stagger outside with faron in she arm . over the fence , the neighbor be have a barbecue . the mother be take picture . melvin hey , Ortiz ! give we a picture ! Mrs. Ortiz swing she camera around . melvin pose proudly by the boat and the new car . darcy and Lynda and faron creep out to explore they . now Lynda straighten up . lynda ( suddenly ) take ‘em back , melvin ! melvin it can not , I would lose my down payment . {x ) continued mly 137 138 #00433 82 continued 137 melvin , with great proprietariness , slap the fender of the cadillac . melvin we get a lotta horse here , honey . backyard - dusk - melvin 138 be at the tiller of he boat . he wear a duck -bill cap , and in clipped tone be address a cb . melvin come in Long Beach , come in ... come in Long Beach Coast Guard , this be country road ~+-- he look up as the back door of the house open , Lynda be hold a suitcase in one hand , faron in the other . a taxi appear at the end of the driveway . melvin where you goin ' ? lynda I be leave you , melvin . melvin you can not leave I --- lynda oh yes I can --- melvin you leave I now , I be never takin ' you back , Lynda . lynda I be never come back . and remember , half of the house be mine . I speak to the real estate man --- melvin it be I get you on the show . lynda it be I win the money -- I get half . continued jo # 00433 83 Rev. 12/12/78 138 continued 138 melvin you be gettin’ nuthin " ! . . lynda melvin , you be a asshole --- melvin do not call I no asshole --- lynda then what be you ?! the first time we have a praver of get ahead , you go out and buy a big fancy car , a big , fancy boat --- melvin it 's a investment ! {x ) linda ( x ) investment ?? melvin turn to darcy . ( X ) melvin ( to darev ) you like this boat , darcy ? ~*~ darcy I do , daddy . . melvin you like that car ? darcy I love it , daddy , lynda cut it out , melvin --~- melvin I see car like that boil by on the way from reno to Vegas when I ( x ) be a little kid . I would be cleanin ' out the goddam tar heater while my father be layin ' road for they to drive by on , and now I have get one ! lynda you get I cryin ' , melvin , melvin do not make fun , Lynda . continued 138 #00433 84 Rev. 12/12/78 continued -- 2 138 lynda we be poor , melvin -- poor ! ( xx ) melvin Lynda , we win the Big deal . lynda I win the Big deal ! melvin climb down from the boat . there be a terrible silence . it seem for the moment as if he might hit she . but he can not . melvin Lynda -- do not go --- she put faron down , turn back to he . lynda melvin , you be a asshole -- but ( xx ) I love you . melvin now wait a minute --- lynda aw , c'est la vie . { X ) . melvin what do that mean ? lynda it 's french . I use to dream I 'a be a french interpreter . ( X ) melvin you do not speak french --- ( X ) lynda I tell you it be a dream . she go . melvin watch emptily as Lynda climb into the taxi with faron . darcy come run out of the house . darcy g'bye , daddy . will I see you ? melvin you will see I , honey . darcy chase out front and the taxi disappear with darcy wave to melvin through the rear window . jo 139 139 - a 139 - B 139 -c 139-pd #00433 ren Rev. 12/12/78 x int . house - sunset '- melvin 139 shuffles through the back door , into the live room of '' let 's make a deal " furniture . it be well batter now . -- he slump in a chair . cb radio ( from the boat outside ) ' hello there , country road , small craft warning from Point dume to the mexican border , barometric pressure twenty - two point nine ....! ' los angele - freeways - night 139 - a Zoom in on a milk truck . rockwood truck - night 139 - B pull up to a curb , melvin hustling out , juggling carton of milk in a container , work two or three house at once , another angle - melvin 139 - '' leave gallon of milk on top of car , in baby stroller , all the appoint place . sweating , run , hustling . side STREET in pomona 139 - D melvin rush up with he delivery . from out of the dark - ness ---+ mrs . worth be that you , melvin ? melvin stop . melvin yes , mar 'am , she appear at the doorway in she bathrobe . mrs . worth I think it be you . melvin yes , mar 'am , two quart of hy-line , a Garden Cottage and 25 - pound laundry compound , continued jo # 00433 139-d continued 139-e melvin 85-a Rev. 12/12/78 ( x ) 139 -p mrs , worth sound right , melvin . would not you like a nice hot cup of coffee , melvin oh I dunno , mar 'am -~ I get my whole route ahead of I . mrs . worth it 's cold out , melvin -- do not you want a cup of coffee ? melvin look back at he truck . mrs . worth a nice-hot-cup-of -coffee , melvin take a deep breath . melvin well , do not mind if I do , Mrs. Worth . mrs . worth melva . melvin melva. 139-e he bring she order inside . mrs . worth melva -- melvin ' - - get it ? melvin smile . she turn she pour melvin yes , mar 'am , I do . around . melvin I mean meiva . some coffee , set it on the kitchen table . mrs . worth cream ? continued jo 139 - E #00433 85 - B Rev. 12/12/78 ( % ) continued melvin yes , mar 'am . mrs . worth sugar ? he look at she , she parte bathrobe , melvin pour . she scoops they in . they sit down . they drink in silence , Mrs. '' orth watch melvin . mrs . worth why do not we take we coffee in - side ? where it 's warmer . would that suit you , melvin ? melvin suit I fine , 139-f mrs , worth lead the way into a May company live room . they sit . melvin ( brightly ) . where 's Mr. Worth today ? mrs . worth he 's work graveyard . he will not be home for a hour . melvin a tough shift , graveyard . mrs . worth he do not have any choice . neither do I . if you know what I mean , melvin , melvin yes , mar 'am , I do , mrs . worth make for a long night . melvin you bet continued 139 - E 139 -f jo # 00433 85 -c Rev. 12/12/78 ( x ) 139-f continued 139-f mrs . worth I think you would never come , nelvin . I lay in bed wait all night . then finally -- you come . melvin yes , I do . melvin smile . melvin you get any more coffee there , melva ? mrs . worth do you want any more coffee , melvin ? melvin no , melva , I do not . mrs . worth so what do you say , melvin ? melvin you know what I say , melva ? mrs . worth what ? melvin let 's get to it . Mrs. Worth take off she robe . they sink to the live room floor . 139 - G ext . mrs . worthas house ~ dawn - melvin 139 -g rush outside , buttone pants , Mrs. Worth reach the door with he . mrs . worth do not forget tomorrow , melvin . a quart of lo - fat and a pound of nippy cheddar . melvin yes , mar 'am ! he leap into he truck , Mrs , Worth disappear inside . melvin drive off : jo 139 - h 139-1 140 141 #00433 . 85 -d rev , 12/12/78 ( x ) on melvin 138-h straighten out he mirror -- he blow a kiss to it . melvin nelva , . now he reach he order book . melvin and a quart of lo - fat and a pound of nippy cheddar . he pop the clutch on the divco . on melvin - later 139-12 hustling into a house with a order . hustling out . ext . rockwood dairy ~ locker : 140 Christmas light strung around the locker . melvin unload full case of milk , tamping ice around they . his movement be slower now , the enthusiasm be go . some ice will not chop for he . he leave it in a block on top of the milk . it perches precariously . in. rockwood dairy - bill matilla's office ~ a christmas re . on Bill 's desk . melvin look through it at Bill . bill after " let 's make a deal , ' you pay we a thousand dollar .. Rather , you continued mly 141 #00433 continued he pass quietly . 86 141 bill ( cont would ) wife do . you still owed we twenty - four hundred . that 's back to thirty - four now --- melvin no kiddin' ? bill I have get a note here for 3500 dollar -- plus another note for 2500 -- the balance you owe we on the truck --- melvin I tell you about that truck ! bill on you uniform , 250 dollar -- we will take that out of next week 's earning -- a total of six thousand and fifty dollar -- sign where the x's be --- some papers over to melvin . melvin read they melvin you get I pay a hundred@ and ninety - five dollar a week interest -- for God 's sake -- I will never catch up --- bill it 's up to you , melvin . melvin blink . melvin I get to get I another job . bill wherever you go , you will be work for we . melvin bend he head over the paper . bill do you sell you boat ? melvin I sell it . continued ss # 00433 * 87 Rev. 12/14/78 , 141 continued - 2 . oa 142 bill what about the cadillac ? melvin they take it . ° bill . that 's right they do , do not they well you just get to hustle a little more , kid --- Bill look up at the : route map behind he . bill we get Ralph over here in artesia -- he could use a little help --- melvin my God , that 's clear across the county -- I can not make it , Bill , the milk get warm --- bill get up a little earlier . oo p melvin I be up at 2 now --- bill ( shake he head sincerely ) tough . melvin I use to collect in the afternoon . I do not even have time to get my money out of my customer . you get I run in circle --- bill Planning 's the name of the come . you get to organize you time , melvin . Bill wait . now he hold out he hand , melvin sign the papers which be well - crumpled . hand they over . melvin . ( X ) - ( sag , try o™ to brighten ) 5 ' we will keep plugging . ' '' 3 142 #00433 88 Rev. 12/12/78 LA habra - tiki restaurant 142 a polynesian place , strobe-lite and palm and grass skirt . Christmas tree , a Christmas party . familiar face from the rockwood dairy dance up a storm , the music loud . melvin get up , go to a pay telephone . dial , drop coin . melvin Lynda ? lynda hello , melvin . melvin how're you doin ' ? Lynda be back home in Anaheim with mother . ( x ) lynda I be do okay . what do you want , melvin . melvin I be call about Christmas . o. lynda oh yeah , Christmas . melvin what do darcy want ? lynda I be get she a barbi . you can get she ken. silence . melvin how about faron ? I be think about a airgun . lynda faron 's nine month old , melvin . ( x ) continued o~ ss 142 #00433 continued silence . silence . 89 142 melvin Lynda ? lynda yeah ? melvin you still there ? lynda I be still here , Bill matilla approach , wait impatiently as melvin resume he conversation . lynda melvin , tell you what -- you buy darcy what you wanna buy she -- and I will buy she what I wanna buy she ~- okay ? melvin I be hope you would say that . lynda 's good-bye , melvin . melvin good-bye , Lynda . melvin hang up slowly , turn to Bill . bill you say you be a big country and western singer -- we build we entertainment around you -~ be you ' go to or be not you , melvin ? melvin i'm sorry , Bill , I do not feel like sing tonight . bill I know you would crap out . melvin now wait a minute --- continued 142 143 144 #00433 90 continued - 2 142 bill never mind , Ralph will whistle through he belly button . Bill walk off . omitted 143 another angle - melvin 144 seat inacorner by himself . one of the driver come over , Ralph . ralph gee , mel , we hear you be not go to sing --- melvin New Year 's maybe --- ralph I tell my wife you sing country . she 's crazy for country . melvin I be real sorry , Ralph . and tell you wife I be sorry too , will you ? another old - timer come by , George , a veteran of the driver 's locker room . GEORGE matilla be say how you be yellow --- melvin do he ? GEORGE i.said if melvin do not want to sing , that 's he right . melvin what would he say ? GEORGE it 's not what he say , melvin . it 's what he do not say , y'k now what I mean ? there be a sudden fanfare from the band . 145 #00433 91 Rev. 12/12/78 another angle - the stage 145 Bill matilla at the microphone . bill ol ' melvin dummar promise we a song tonight ~- but I be afraid -- or be I thrilled ? -- he 's chicken out . mevlin stand up . melvin who say ?! I gota song ! I gota song right here ! applause and cheer as melvin make he way to the stage . bill I guess I have it wrong ~- take it , melvin . melvin move out in front of the band . melvin this jap here probably do not know ' six day on the Road . ' ( X ) ( turn to the band ) you know ' six day on the Road ?! they shake they head . melvin well this song I write be sung to ' six day on the Road . ' and ( X ) now I be go to.sing it . he grab a guitar from a startle polynesian musician . melvin ( sing ) well I pull out of rockwood headed down the Santa Ana freeway I get my divco wound up and I guess it 's run okay . well I know it 's the middle of the night but heck that 's all right ' Cause I be a milkman for rockwood , so everything 's okay . continued no 145 146 147 #00433 92 continued 145 melvin ( cont would ) ( sing ) well my truck 's kind of old and man it 's awful slow the temperature be hot and the oil pressure be low if I make it the my route tonight everything will be all right ten hour on the road -- I just hope I make it home by tonight . on the audience 146 they be get with it , start to clap in rhythm . on melvin 147 he look toward Bill . melvin ( sing ) I know Bill matilla will be check tly book today ' Cause a big milk bill he say I have to pay but that do not bother I tonight ' ' catise I can dodge of 1 ' Bill ’all right ( x ) twelve hour on the road I just hope I make it home today . wel ] . it seem like the price of milk get higher 's every day -~ " but we poor milkmen do not get no yalse in pay -~~ the guy boo along with they wife . Bill do not smile . melvin smile down at he friend , look to they as he sing , the crowd be really with hin . ( X ) melvin spot bonnie down in the audience . she be smile up at he worshipfully . the sinc to she now . melvin ( sing ) well it seen like a week since I leave my house last nicht you know I could have a lot of woman but somehow it do not seem right yeah I could find some to hold I tight but I would never make not delivery all right fourteen hour on the road man I hope I make it home today . continued iw . 147 #00433 93 Rev. 12/12/78 continued 147 the place be absolutely quiet now , the people all on he side . melvin see Bill matilla leave . he point at he , melvin take it real slow for a finish . melvin ( sing ) now I work like a dog try to collect my pay but all my customer say -- can not you come back some other day Boy I just know that there 's a easier way twenty hour on the road I just know ( x ) I be go to make it home today . Dead silence , then applause and cheer erupt . melvin be shy on the stage , he friend , Pete and Ralph and George rush continued : 147 #00433 94 Rev. 12/12/78 continued - 2 147 over to he , lift he off the stage , the band strike up -- bonnie rush to melvin , she throw she arm around he . melvin ( all embarrassed ) hey , that be nice . you marry , bonnie ? bonnie step away from melvin , look he in the eye . bonnie no I be not , melvin dummar . . and neither be you any . more . melvin wait . bonnie so what do you say ? melvin ( shrug ) gee , I do not know , bonnie . bonnie I will take care of you , melvin -- till you get on you foot . I get my kid 's child support money save up --- ( x ) melvin you get kid , bonnie --- ? ( x ) rwiie I get two kid --- melvin oh ny Lord --- bonnie listen , melvin , I get a cousin up in Utah -- lose he lease on a gas station -- we run it right we get a thousand a month clear -- I have be wait for this moment -- and the moment be now -- so what do you say ?! melvin hesitates . bonnie or do not you come swinging you dick around the cashier 's office no more ! continued - 147 148 149 150 #00433 95 Rev. 12/12/78 ° continued - 3 147 melvin bonnie ? a mormon girl -- swear ?! bonnie Bet you ass ! melvin look over at Bill matilla who be dance with a japanese hostess . melvin shake he head . melvin when do we leave ? bonnie tonight . service station - willard , utah - dawn 148 : ( x melvin 's milk truck roll in with a u- haul behind it . the ) u- haul be jamme with bedding , melvin 's " let 's make a deal " furniture , the kimball french provincial piano , a goat , a lamb , and some rabbit . bonnie tumble out with she two tow - head kid . melvin lead the goat out , tie it to one of the gas pump . he look around , exhilated by the new surroundings , the sense of a fresh start . gas station - late afternoon 149 melvin hustling around the pump , handle two car at once , flipping hood , wash window , collect cash . driver ( smile ) you be go to get a coronary run around like that . melvin better than starve to death ! " he grab the man 's cash , lock up the pump now . the man drive off and melvin trudge up to the house behind the station . int . melvine house 150 a pathetic place , the " let 's make a deal " furniture scueeze in on top of the kimball piano . a television set drone away . continued 150 151 #00433 96 Rev. 12/12/78 continued 150 the telephone ring . melvin and bonnie look at each other . bonnie grab the phone . bonnie ( on phone ) I be sorry , Mr. lamar , Mr. dummar be in Salt Lake today . yessir , yessir , I understand -- yes , I '11 give he the message . she hang up . bonnie he 's not go to make the gasoline delivery next week -- unless he have a check . melvin well , we will give he a check . bonnie what check ? melvin well , I can not pump gas unless I give them a check , can I , honey ? bonnie but we check 's no good , melvin . melvin Easter weekend . oughta pump a thousand gallon . give ‘em a check tomorrow , we will have it cover by Monday . . . ( back to the tv ) hey , look at this , ol ' Howard Hughes die . that 's too bad . ( X ) on the tv - hughes newsreel footage 151 ( x ) nevwscaster nelvin ' the reclusive billionaire I tell you about pickin’ up expire at 1 p.m. this after - that old wino in the noon on a flight to Houston , desert --- Texas -~ no direct heir be know , and a search for a bonnie will have begin --- * you tell I , melvin , continued r~ tw 151 152 and 153 154 #00433 97 continued 151 melvin nstare down the tv ) sure do not look anything like that . bonnie well , why would he ? that picture be 40 year old . sharon {one of bonnie 's kid ) when be we go to eat , ma? bonnie in a minute , honey , in a minute . bonnie get up and move to the stove . the tv be dron on . melvin sniff . melvin Chicken ? bonnie this time , do not tell I how Lynda 's be better . melvin watch as the picture of Hughes flash by , in a airplane , at the Hell 's angel premiere , fly around the world . 152 omitted and 153 ext . gas station 154 melvin hustling , pump gas into a car , wiping window . take cash , the car drive off . melvin call through to the grease rack . melvin hey , Terry -- I will be inside . Terry , a teen - age helper , roil out from under a car . terry you go up to the house ? continued my 155 ' through 159 160 161 162 163 #00433 98 continued 154 melvin in the office . get class at four o'clock . terry what class , melvin ? melvin Business practice . weber State -- four o'clock . terry Business ? Terry roll back under the car . 155 omitted through 159 int . gas station 160 melvin , he back to the door , he nose bury in a textbook . ext . gas station 161 ventura , the crisp , three ~ piece - suite character we see at the Desert Inn , appear at the door . he call in to Terry . ventura hey ! Terry roll out . terry yeah ? closeup - terry 162 look up . closeup - ventura 163 hesitate , check out Terry 's face . ventura vhere 's melvin ? Terry point towards the office . my # 00433 99 164 int . office 164 ventura walk in . melvin have he head in he book . ventura study the back of melvin 's head . ventura hello . melvin swivel around . melvin yes sir ? 165 closeup - melvin 165 all earnestness , he ready smile . ventura you get cigarettes ? melvin sure we get cigarettes . what kind of cigarettes you like ? ventura uh -- camel . melvin camel ? we do not get much call for they -- that 's a real cigarette . nowadays they want brown one or thin one or long one , lo -tar , no~tax ~- lemme see -- ( reach into rack ) there you go . ventura hand he a dollar . melvin go to make change . ventura say , if I be head down to Las Vegas --- melvin catch interstate 15 , take she right on through --- melvin hand he the change , sit back down to he book , ventura ( watch melvin ) I hear I could get 6 and 50 , take I over the line , and then head south --- continued db # 00433 100 Rev. 12/12/78 165 continued 165 melvin sure , you could do that --- stays with . he book . ventura ( watch melvin ) but I guess 15 's my best bet , ( xx ) { x} a car horn honk outside , melvin run out . ventura so what do you think ? melvin give I a minute --- ventura sure thing --- melvin run to the pump . 166 at the pump - melvin 166 service another car . look over , see Terry roll down the door to the grease rack . they wave good night . 167 another angle 167 melvin walk back to the office . 168 melvine point of view 168 see ventura leave the office . 169 int . gas station 169 melvin ringing up the cash . sit down to he book again . my 170 171 172 173 174 175 176 #00433 101 closeup - book 170 stuck in the bind of the page melvin be study , be a envelope . closeup - melvin 171 puzzle , look at the envelope , now look out the window of the office . ventura be nowhere in sight . closeup ~ envelope 172 in longhand , " dear Mr. mckay , please see that this will be deliver after my death to Clark County Court House , Las Vegas , nevada . " sign '' Howard R. Hughes . " on melvin 173 turn the envelope over . and over . int . limousine 174 ventura jump in the car . driver where to ? ventura Airport . the Driver hit the gas and they zoom out on to the Ogden / Salt Lake interstate . ventura toss the pack of cigarettes out the window . bonnie' point of view 175 melvin climb into he tow truck . melvin ( call up ) see you , honey , I be off to class . mind the store . closeup ~ melvin 176 bent over the wheel of the truck , speed down the interstate , drive with wild concentration . 177 178 179 180 181 182 183 # 00433 | 102 Rev. 12/12/78 long shot - truck 177 pull off the road onto a knoll which overlook the marsh lead to the great Salt Lake . melvin , a dot in the distance , climb out of he truck , stand on top of the knoll , slowly raise he hand in the air . a scream , paralyze , explosive , rise up out of melvin and shatter the countryside . ext . mormon square - salt lake CITY 178 melvin hurry past the Temple and the tabernacle . closeup - melvine hand 179 tucking the envelope under a pile on a desk . closeup ~- bonnie 180 she drop a telephone receiver . scream . ext . melvine gas station 181 a van roll up to it . on the door of the van 182 emerging from it , a directional microphone , follow by four tv engineer in suede jacket , with porta- pak equipment , and a shag-hair-cutte newscaster , all head straight for bonnie who be bounce up and down in front of the station . another angle - melvine gas station 1 2 oo the place be swarm with tv van ; car , reporter , rmini - caneras . walter cronkite ( v.o. ) ( x ) 'a 31 - year - old gasoline station at - tendant from willard , Utah , be make a beneficiary of the purport will . his. share be estimate at 156 mile - lion dollar -- the will , discover yesterday at the World headquarters of the mormon Church --- ' continued 184 185 186 186 - a 187 through 190 191 #00433 : 103 Rev. 12/12/78 ( x ) ext . melvine house 184 melvin , unseen , be crouch on the brow of the hill , watch the circus below . on the hill - melvin 185 circle around behind the crowd . omitted 186 melvine point of view - tv cameras 186 - a close : in on the station , interview bonnie , she eldést child , Sharon ... terry I just hear bonnie come scream out of the pay phone -- it be Chuck Henry from ABC News in Los Angeles .... sharoh ( with another reporter ) well , I guess I do not have to sell night crawler anymore .... 187 omitted through 190 live room - above garage 191 melvin sit surround by he relative -- he father , Arnold , he mother , Chloe , he six brother and two sister , and Fred Smith . also present be dutson ( melvin 's lawyer ) and Bishop pettengill . melvin gee , it 's nice to meet you again , Fred -~ I have not see you since I meet you at you mom 's wedding -- when be that , two year ago ? fred first thing , melvin , be a press conference --- melvin no press conference , Fred , please . my # 00433 104 Rev. 12/12/78 192 hill behind melvine gas station 192 a sea of reporter and tv camera , ron Brown lectute they . fred ( x ) there will be no litigation question -~ question only on the basis of the will -- no litigation question --- 193 melvin and bonnie 193 stand on the summit of the hill , melvin in he best cowboy rose shirt . reporter Mr. dummar , the relative of Howard Hughes claim this will be a forgery --- Fred Smith put he hand over the lens of the reporter 's ( xx ) camera . a scuffle , then Fred pull the second plug . ( xx ) 194 another angle - melvin in the PRESS conference 194 - melvin he be just a ol ' wino -~ ask I for some money -~ I give he a quarter ~- I tell he I once apply for a job at Hughes aircraft -- he tell I he own Hughes aircraft --- 195 another aigle 195 reporter melvin , do you ever believe a dream like this could come true ? melvin in the dream , there 's no hassle , 196 196 through omitted through 198 198 ( x ) 199 int . melvine gas station 199 bill ' he may be get 156 million continued 199 200 #00433 105 and 106 Rev. 12/12/78 continued 199 bill ( cont would ) dollar -- I would just like to see the 4500 that he owe we dairy -~ of course , I wish he good luck and everything . ' ext . melvine gas station 200 van pull away , car pull away , reporter vanish . melvin pump gas again , come around to collect money from a Driver , melvin that will be four-fifty . the door open slightly . the Driver pull a gun . driver you remember I , melvin ? I be with you . we be all together . continued aeo 200 201 202 #00433 107 continued 20 driver ( cont would . ) you and I and Howard . but it be I that give he the quarter ! melvin slam the door on the Driver 's arm , the gun fire and shatter the car window , melvin wrestle the Driver from the car , pin he to the ground . another angle - melvin 202 watch as the box elder sheriff 's car drive away with the Driver , handcuff in back . at home - melvin and . bonnie 202 a stack of mail , bonnie be read to melvin , melvin be watch - ing " gunsmoke . " bonnie ( read ) ' ... some of the money will pay for I to help my parent , some pay debt --- ' melvin let 's go on to the next . bonnie ' dear Mr. dummar -- I have my own wealth so I do not want a thing --- ' ' melvin have not we hear that one ? bonnie ' dear Mr. dummar --- ' melvin skip to the end , okay ? bonnie ' p.s . do not give away the money until you have settle all you tax obligation to uncle Sam . re - member Joe Louis . ' melvin yawn . continued aeo 202 203 through 206 207 #00433 108 continued 20 melvin I think that 's enough for tonight , bonnie . he get up . bonnie where you go ? melvin to bed . bonnie you be go to bed so early ? melvin I be open at six tomorrow . bonnie at six ?! melvin I be talk to this guy from the highway department -- he say they may jog the new freeway by here -- Labor Day , we will never see another car --- bonnie by Labor Day , you will be a million - aire , melvin smile . melvin turn out the light when you go to bed , will you , honey ? 203 omitted through 206 int . clark county courtroom - las vega - melvin 207 seat in the modern witness chair . a spotlight set in a cave in the ceiling . the cave come down to meet the witness chair -- it give the feel the witness might be suck up into it . 208 209 #00433 109 Rev. 12/12/78 courtroom - spectator 208 the gallery fill , up front be melvin 's family , sister , brother , mother and father . on another bench , Lynda with faron and darcy . beside they , bonnie with she child . other spectator , Bill matilla , Ralph and George from the rockwood dairy , Lucy from reno , Little Red , Mrs. Worth and ( X ) Tina from the cottonwood ranch . on the bench 209 judge haye , a short , unhealthy - look young man . he bend down towards melvin . judge haye melvin , turn you chair around and face I . melvin turn he chair around . judge haye be you lie , melvin ? melvin no , sir . judge haye melvin , I want you to know there be a still , small voice that many people be bless with that tell they when the truth be be speak . it have be say , ' that doth it profit a man if he gain the whole world yet lose he own soul ? ' if you be lie , nelvin , which you be , in my opinion , you soul may be in jeopardy , but I be not con - cern about you soul , melvin , right now I be concerned about you hide , because if I find that you be lie before this Court , I will make it a special duty to have a piece of you hide . TI will direct that the district attorney bring a criminal prosecution against you and I will make it my special project that if you be convict I will reconmend that you do prison time . and I want you to know nevada State prison be no country club like the gabb local jail or wherever you have serve tine . if you be lie , continued my 209 210 #00433 continued the judge - 110 20 ° judge haye ( cont would ) you be go straight to nevada State prison . all right , melvin ? melvin you bet , you honor . judge haye brother dummar , I want the truth . where do that will come from ? melvin a man bring it to the station . judge haye you persist in the answer that be elicted from you this morning ? melvin I do , you honor . judge haye do you know who write the will ? melvin I do not know . judge haye do you in any way participate in the preparation of that will ? melvin no , I do not . judge haye do you know of anyone else who participate in the preparation of that will ? melvin no , I do not . look down at the battery of lawyer . he sigh . judge haye gentlene , I have do my best . corridor - court house 210 melvin surround by he relative and bonnie and Lynda and continued my # 00433 lll 210 continued 210 the child . syvella , he sister , hold up a sign " we be with you , melvin ! " the court bell ring , everybody hustle back , melvin find himself stand for a moment with Lynda and darcy and faron . lynda you be doin ' good . melvin you think so ? lynda Real good . Lynda hesitates . lynda Bob --- melvin who 's he ? lynda my husband wish you luck . : melvin well , you thank hin . the bell ring again . melvin pick up faron . melvin ( to darcy ) you hold on to faron , honey . give you mama a rest . darcy take faron . lynda what happen now ? melvin I get to face the meanest lawyer in the whole dann world . 211 212 #00433 112 int . courtroom 211 harold rhoden , a urbane five - foot seven-inch from Los Angeles , be examine harold . roden how do you open the envelope ? melvin steam it open . rhoden why do not you take a knife or a letter opener and open it the way everybody else open a envelope ? melvin I be scared . rhoden what be you scared of ? melvin that it might actually be true . rhoden why be that frightening ? melvin I do not know . rhoden have you ever perform this little act before of steaming open a envelope ? melvin yes. rhoden what be the occasion for this activity ? melvin look at letter that my ex- wife have write to she boyfriend and what have you , before she could mail then . lynda 212 she smile at melvin reassuringly . syvella raise the sign . db # 00433 113 rev , 12/12/78 213 on melvin and rhoden 213 ( X ) rhoden why do you take the will to the ( % } church ? melvin because I be too afraid to take it anywhere else . rhoden say that again . melvin hesitates . melvin I think they would help I . rhoden Mr. dummar , you believe , do you not , that if in the name of God , you lie , God will hear you and you will incur he wrath . you believe that do not you , Mr. dummar ? melvin yes , I do . suddenly rhoden dart across the room , snatch up from the counsel desk a weather - beat Bible . rhoden Mr , dummar , I have a Bible here . please stand up . melvin stand . rhoden put you hand on it , raise you right hand . continued ss # 00433 114 213 continued 213 melvin raise he hand . rhoden do you swear before God that this story about how that will be leave to you be the truth ? melvin I do . rhoden all right , sit down . melvin sit . rhoden that 's all for now . Mr. Freese ? Freese , a Los Angeles lawyer for Hughes ' relative , head straight for melvin . freese can you give I one reason on earth why this strange man would have leave that will with you , melvin dummar ? melvin no , I do not . I have be wonder that myself . freese do you come up with a answer ? melvin no , I have not . freese melvin , be not it true you can not come up with a answer because it never happen that way ? melvin that be the way it happen . freese well , melvin , if it mean eternal damnation in hell would you just say it still happen that way ? melvin yes , I would . continued ss 213 #00433 '' 115 continued - 2 21 : freese melvin , you know , do not you , that perhaps other than you relative , there be nobody in this courtroom who believe you . you know that , do not you ? melvin I do not know what people believe . and I do not care . people have be call I a asshole all my life . and it do not matter either way . . the courtroom erupt , judge haye slam he gavel . melvin lean back . darcy wave . melvin wave back . freese let 's go back to when you get the will , and everybody celebrate and you be a national hero , melvin . and they ask you about you get over a hundred million dollar and I think you sobbed , choke , go into a sort of deep , heavy mood . I be kind of catch by it as I watch it on tv , but then my wife say , ' my God , it be just like the woman on the game show ! ' I do not watch the game show myself , but soon after I learn you have get you wife on one . melvin look at Lynda . she wave . freese let 's make a deal , melvin . tell we the real truth . I know the dream be so much better -- my God , I be a child in Minnesota during the Depression and I can remember , kind of hope one of that truck go by might have a box of chew gum on it and it would fall off . that be the dream -- it never happen . and I never try to make it happen . Freese take a deep breath . continued ss 213 214 215 #00433 116 continued - 3 . 21 : freese let 's make a deal , melvin . tell we the truth and you know what I will give you -- I will plead in you be - half a whole day to have the judge give you probation . but if you do not tell the truth , I will do my utmost to see you never breathe another free breath in the state of nevada . silence . judge haye Mr. dummar , do you wish to make any response to what I would characterize as a offer from Mr. Freese ? melvin I would like to say I do not know if the will be a forgery or not . if it be , I do not do it . and if it be not -- ( shrug ) I guess it 's for real . freese that 's no deal , melvin . melvin I know that . : freese and I be sorry . melvin yes , sir . Freese stalk back to the counsel table . he be exhaust . dilworth , another lawyer , rise unsteadily . look at melvin . dilworth's point of view - melvin 214 Fresh as a daisy , he head tuck into he neck , he be snap he finger , try to get a rise out of faron . melvine point of view - lynda 215 raise faron 's hand with hers , wave to melvin . db 216 #00433 117 Rev. 12/12/78 int . HOTEL - las vega 216 ( xx ) melvin be pack , Roger dutson , melvin 's lawyer enter , a broad smile on he face . melvin look up . roger you do it , melvin . the judge set a trial for July 6 --- melvin what do that mean ? roger that mean he believe you . on July 6th , they be go to deter - mine the validity of the will . like he say , ' it 's the only will we have get , ' plus the positive ( X ) testimony by the handwrite ex - pert . I think the will be go to be admit to probate . you be go to get you inheritance . melvin you think so ? roger of course it 's go to be a long , long road -- but we have win the first battle . I can tell -- the t- shirt people call again -- rockwood dairy say they will lift the garnishee on you entire @arning xat the fill station --- melvin really ? roger the t-shirt be a easy fifteen thousand . what do you say ? melvin no , thanks --- roger but you can use the cash --- ' continued 1f1 216 #00433 continufd 118 21¢ mplvin you want to cet naid ? roger no no no -- it 's just they start pave the freeway today down fror the gas station -- within two week . you be qoina to be pretty lonely up there . yflvin do not worry about I . Roger sigh , rogfr well , you win , mel ~-- melvin then what be you so sad about ? roger I just hope you do not have any illusion . they will fight it through every court they can -- the relative -- summa -- meanwhile the government will be take out tax -- the state ' 11 be take out tax -- the lawyer will be take out legal fee -- the money 's go to be siphon off --- melvin I know all that the day I find the will . pogep . you be kid . melvin melvin dummar 's never go to see 156 million dollar -- in fact he 's never go to see a dime . melvin close he suitcase : put it on a cart and push it out the door . melvin but Howard Hughes sing melvin durmar 's song . Howard Hughes sing ' Santa 's souped up sleigh . ' continufd 1f1 # 00433 119 216 continued - 2 216 the door slam . roger ( bewilder ) ' Santa 's ' what , melvin ? melvin have go . 217 ext . clark county courthouse 217 melvin roll up in Little ped 's old car . Lynda be stand on the sidewalk with faron and darcy . melvin sorry ~~- lynda it 's okay . gave I a chance to get they feed . you really want to do this ? melvin see my kid ? get they out of that smog ? you kiddin' ? Lynda look at the car doubtfully . melvin Little Red leat it to I for the trip . he go back up with bonnie in the tow truck . ( to darcy ) hop in , kid . there 's lifesaver and comic book back there . darcy push faron into the back seat . melvin I buy a pair of shoe for faron -- help he try they on , sister . darcy take faron 's shoe off . melvin you get money to get back to l.a .? lynda do not worry about I , melvin . continued 1f1 # 00433 120 217 continued 217 melvin ( smile ) it 's in my blood . lynda you be not go to hassle I when I want they back end of the summer ? melvin you have get my word . lynda that 's what I be afraid of . melvin howsa bout you takin ' I back the end of the summer ? Lynda smile . lynda you be marry , melvin . melvin shrug . melvin so be you . Lynda smile again . lynda I do miss it sometimes , melvin ~~ it be always exciting . lousy -- but exciting . mflvin we could make it that way again . lynda it be now . Lynda smile once rore . lynda give we a kiss . she kiss he hard . he blushes . melvin end of the summer ? continued 1fl 217 218 219 220 221 #00433 121 Rev. 12/12/78 continued - 2 217 lynda maybe . now he pile into the car . lynda ( yell ) g'bye , kid ! but darcy be read a comic book out loud to faron . they do not even look up . tonopah highway - late afternoon 218 ( x ) melvin roll along in Little Red 's car , darcy and faron have move into the front seat , sound asleep . melvin rest he hand on darcy 's forehead . on melvin through windshield 219 ( x ) windshield , a raindrop , then another . then a sudden downpour , a desert shower , stop almost as soon as it start . another angle - melvine point of vif 220 the rain clear , just a gray sky . he open the window . Howard open he window . on melvin : 221 breathe in the desert after the shower . elvin greasewood . howard ( breathe in ) Sage . melvin nothing like the smell of the desert after the rain . howard greasewood and sage . continued 1f1 221 222 223 224 400433 122 continued 22 : they roll along for a while . : howard how about let I drive ? melvin you ? howard just for a little while . melvin drive ? howard I be a goddamn good driver --- melvin you have not drive a car since they put out the last Hudson . howard I be a goddamn good driver . i'11l bet you . on melvin 222 he look at Howard . on howard 223 wait . on melvin | 224 smile , pull off the road . melvin when we get to Vegas , I will run she into town . Howard hesitates . melvin take the wheel , ol ' timer . Howard get out and melvin slide over . 1 fl 225 226 227 228 #00433 123° melvine point of vifv 225 Howard look carefully at the dashboard . very slowly he put the car into gear , very slowly he release the brake , and very slowly he roll it out onto the road . on melvin and howard . 226 melvin watch as Howard drive . Howard watch melvin watch he . now melvin 's head begin to nod . his eye close . on howard . 227 driving , now he turn , sneak a look at melvin who be sound asleep beside he . give the car a little cas and becin to sina . homapd {singing} quietly ) " make my bed and light the light I will arrive late tonight blackbird ! blackbird ! bye ! bye !!' Howard prop he arm out the window , adjust the mirror , now he give the car more gas . he be very happy . melvine car 228 xoll down the highway to Las Vegas . from it --- : howard ( v.0 . ) ( sing ) ' pack up all my care and woe singin 's low here I go bye bye blackbird .... ' the car become a dot . it never disappear , nor do the music end . fade out the end ws