memoir of a geisha ext : japanese seacoast . stormy day . wind . [ winter ] . * dead leave scatter from twisted , skeletal tree that toss in the harsh wind on the cliff above the water 's edge . below the cliff at ! the edge of the sea , village women gather fish laid to dry on wooden drying rack . the woman hurry , try to escape the storm . in the rough wave , fishermen stand and pull in they net . a ox be tethere to a wayward boat , strain to pull it from the angry sea and safely to shore . cling to the edge of the cliff be a tiny ramshackle , lopsided '' tipsy house '' . rain start to batter its break * shingles . cower under the eave , a frighten macaque . a home -made windchime bang , tinkling . a lantern glow behind a patch rice- paper door . the camera move inside to the soft muxmur of man speak in japanese : tanaka * ( off -screen ) * you have do all that you can for * you wife , sakamoto - san * int . tipsy house STORM . day . [ winter ] . tanaka ( 50 ) and old sakamoto ( late 60 but seem older ; * weathered , bent ) confer in whisper . sakamoto 's wife , mother * ( 40 ) recline , wrap in a quilt . she be frail , she face etched with pain . she open she eye briefly to drink a medicinal tea : they be a silver color . in secret , she daughter cbiyo ( 9 , clean -limb , delicate ) and satsu ( 15 , slow , earthy ) listen behind a make- shift screen . the two men continue in japanese : * tanaka . * have you make any provision for you daughter ? sakamoto * ( he head bow in shame ) * I have nothing leave . nothing . * without understanding japanese , we still comprehend the grave * situation . * 1/6/05 double goldenrod revision 2 satsu grip little chiyo 's hand tightly : tanaka you be not young . like this house . one good storm could carry you off . satsu turn away , she cannot bear to hear more . but little chiye desperately press she ear against the '' wall 's sakamoto I have nothing leave to offer they but my prayer . tanaka let I take they ; I will make arrangement ~ . sakomoto eye he with both alarm and regret . sakamoto I could never — -. tanaka any life would be better than the one that await they here . omit uw omit 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 3 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 4 - 5 omit int : tipsy house . pre -dawn . wind . [ winter ] . abrupt awaken . in darkness satsu and chiyo be rudely : rouse . sakamoto 's weathered old face distort by the light of he oil lamp . : sakamoto ( in japanese ) quiet ! + 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 6 ext : tipsy house and cliff path . pre~dawn . wind . [ winter ] . in the pelting rain , sakamoto grimly lift chiyo into tanaka 's wooden cart , hand she to satsu. in front , tanaka take the rein of the ox . sakamoto lift he lantern for a final look as the cart pull away . his old eye fill with tear . . in chiyo 's face , rainwater and sorrow stream together down she face . the softly accented voice of 4 mature woman narrate in english : ~ sayurt’s voice a story like mine should never be tell . chiyo be jolted about in the back as tanaka 's fish -stain cart rattles over rough road . . sayuri's voice ( cont no ) for my world be as forbidden as it be fragile ; without it 's mystery , it can not survive . low-hang branch whip the cart ; satsu pulis chiyo close to guard she from they . tanaka urge the oxen onward . sayuri's voice ( cont have ) my family live in a tipsy house in a tiny village call yoroido on the Sea of Japan . when I be bear , my father be already old . my mother say he be like wood , as roote to the earth as a old sakura tree . but she and I be like water . Water do not stay in one place ; it flow quickly -- the heavy oak wheel carve groove through the mud . in the drive rain , they fill with water , which course in rivulet across the ground , tiny river . sayuri's voice {cont no ) - and when something block the way , water make a new path . a rivulet veer to one side rather than pass over a stone . ee eh ** % ee oe eh ee ee * ae eh * * 2 1/6/05 double goldenrod revision 6a ext : SMALL town railway depot . early morning . [ winter ] . chill gray light . a coal - fire train engine -- like a great , black dragon , belching smoke , with one malevolent white eye -- idle on the platform . [ japanese sign : '' senzuru " ] . sayuri's voice I certainly be not bear to the life of a geisha . men load mailbac , box of dry fish , sack of rice . few passenger be board . on the platform weit mr. bekku ( middle - age , impersonal , coid ) . sayuri ‘s voice ( cont would ) like so much in my strange life , 1 be carry there , by the current . tanaka greet bekku , leave satsu and chiyo huddle close to each other , shiver in they bare foot . they hold hande tightly . tanaka make the girl stand in front of bekku : tanaka bow to Mr. bekku . satsu bow obedientiy , but chiyo be too frighten ; she just stare at bekku , dumbstruck . his heori ( jacket ) & kimono be of smooth silk ; he hand as soft as a woman' . tanaka {cont ' d ) you too . shaken out of she stupor , chiyo bow . when she raise she head , bekku notice she haunt silver eye . mr . bekku hm. curious eye . chiyo I have my mother 's eye . mr. bekku ( to tanaka ) what be they name ? tanaka she 's chiyo . her eister be satsu . bekku turn to satsu and prod she . 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 6b mr . berkku they be sister ? she look like a peasant next to this little one . tanaka they father do not want they to be separate . , bekku hand he a envelope and both man bow . tanaka touch the girl reassuringly , encourage they : tanaka ( cont would ) be good . 10 121 12 43 14 al 15 1/6/05 double goldenrod revision 7 gripping they elbow , bekku propel satsu and chiyo into the train car . chiyo try to twist free , calis to tanaka : chiyo tanaka-san ! Mr. bekku jerk chiyo on board . tanaka ( call after they ) meta yo !. omit ext : train in rural japan . day . { winter ] . the train wind through a megnificent vista of hilis and tree still stark with winter . omit omit omit omit ext . close on train wheel - train arriving miyaro [ winter ] spark fly from the train brake , and the SOUND of metal wheel scream again metal track . int . / ext . train station - miyako . evening . [ winter ] . bekku and hie two tiny warde disembark from the train . he usher they through the bedlam of passengers , train official and baggage randlers . bekku put satsu and chiyo in the rickshaw . he climb in , wedge himself between chiyo and satsu . 10 il 12 a3 a4 al5 15 J. 17 ext : rickshaw moving - street of the hanamachi . miyako . 16 night . [ winter ] . chiyo keep peek past the huge form of bekku , glimpsing pass building and brightly - light electrical sign . Pov image : a distinctive torii gate span the entrance to a huge shrine , flanke by row of huge white paper lantern . they have cross the wind river know as the sonogawa ; they be meet by a crush of bicycle , horse - drawn cart , rickshaws , and automobile . group of men in western clothes and fedora pass by the yukimoto teahouse , its wall hang with lantern and theatre poster cover with japanese & chinese character . chiyo curiously crane to see more but bekku shove she back and pin she firmly . ext : the okiya - in the hanamacht . night . [ winter} . 17 narrow street be crowded with shutter wooden facade and the silhouettes of low tile roof . the darkness be punctuate by a few red lantern in the near-distance . bekku sokode . the rickshaw arrive at a wooden entrance gate . bekku pull the girl from the rickshaw . he slide open the gate . chiyo see a lantern hang over a wet stone courtyard , and beyond that , the entrance into a traditional japanese okiya . the door be open : a mysterious female silhouette glide toward chiyo , pause . her shape move into the light of the lantern above the path , revealing : hatsumomo ( 28 ) , in full geisha regalia : gorgeous kimono , sensuously - upswept hair studd with dangle hair ornament . a mask of pearl - white make - up set off a blood -re mouth and large almond - shape eye rimmed with fluid black . behind she , auntie ( 55 ) strike a flint , '' flint '' hatsumomo for luck ; SPARKS rain upon she back . 18 bekku push the girl down onto the wet ground . hatsumomo step imperiously past in she delicate sandal and pure white tabi ( glove for the foot ] . as she ' sweep by , chiyo turn she face up to watch : the geisha 's fluid kimono sleeve slowly lift like dreamy silken wing . she glide away like a butterfly of the night . auntie move to the girl , cane in hand . she walk with a slight limp , she hip jutting forward . auntie this be the girl from tanaka ? bekku sister , yes , from yoroido . auntie ( peer at chiyo ) this one maybe . the other one , no . bekku roughly yank satsu back into the rickshaw . bekku hayaku . the driver pull away . chiyo rush into the street . crying , satsu reach out for she , but auntie capture chiyo . the rickshaw fly on : chiyo satsu ! satsu chiyo-chan ! int . okiya - mother' room . night . [ winter ] . 18 auntie slide back a door to the okiya . auntie show you respect for mother . you must not speak ; I will answer for you . ( call ) okasan ! mother ( 0.s. ) {from within ) come in ! 10 auntie push open 'a shoji screen , revealing a dark room where a radio play . through spiral of smoke , chiyo can see a neatly - coiff woman kneel before accounting book , smoking a long traditional pipe : mother ( 40s , business woman ) . auntie grip chiyo and whisper : auntie kneel . and head down ! never look she in the face . auntie shove chiyo 's head down . smoke stream from mother 's nose as she appraise the grubby child . she motion : closer . mother how old be you ? auntie she be Year of the rooster . mother only nine ? mother make : a dismissive sound and examine chiyo ' 's dirty foot . she pull up chiyo 's dress to look at she straight leg ; run she thumb down chiyo 's spine . chiyo blurt : chiyo where be my sister ? auntie clap a hand over she mouth . mother look at chiyo : mother let I see that eye . auntie stare . she have not notice before . mother ( cont would ) too much water . auntie but okasan , a little water be good , to guard against fire . you will not have to worry about the okiya burn , and lose all you kimono . mother consider this impassively . she gesture , go on . mother this country girl . too late to send she back now . 20 11 deeper inside the okiya . 19 auntie push chiyo up a step - tansu into the darkness of the second floor . chiyo notice a door ajar and peer inside . granny recline , a elderly figure with a bald crown and decaye tooth speckle with gold filling ; she skin yellowish and sagging . her chin move as she mumble sutras under she breath . chiyo recoil . auntie mm. yes. granny . this use to be she okiya . auntie lead chiyo down a dark crooked passageway . chiyo what happen to she skin ? auntie ( by way of explanation ) lead . that old make - up be poison . auntie push chiyo up a few small step -- int : maid 's room . second floor . night . [ winter ] 20 auntie keep she quiet . mother be downstairs . -- to pumpkin ( 11 , round - face , comic . ) auntie shut the door and chiyo hear the bolt fall . she beat on the door -- ~ chiyo let I go ! let I go ! she weep as pumpkin try to pull she away -- young pumpkin shhh . stop that . mother will hear you ; she 's get a bamboo stick . chiyo I want my sister ! pumpkin pull chiyo onto she futon , and muffle she sob with the quilt . 21 12 young pumpkin I cry , too , at first . you know , it be easier if you just forget everything that happen before you come to the okiya . if you impress mother , and do exactly as she say -- ( beam at the possibility ) -- she will send you to school to be a geisha ! chiyo a what ? young pumpkin a geisha . like hatsumomo ! you will get to drink sake , and sleep until noon . pumpkin grin encouragingly , and stick she chest out . she wear two braid , pin to she scalp . one stick up , jaunty , like a stem . young pumpkin ( cont no ) ( beat ) I be pumpkin . and a apt name it be , give she hairstyle . chiyo where be my sister ? young pumpkin probably in another okiya in the hanamachi . {with painful clarity ) you family sell you to this house . you live here now . as this sink in , on chiyo 's face -- ext : back of okiya - next day . dawn . [ winter ] . 21 shiver , chiyo ( naked ) squat on the stone near the privy , auntie scrub she foot with a hard brush . mother hand chiyo she dark tabi ( sock ) and geta ( rough wood sandal . ) 13 ) mother Inside , you wear this . outside , this . we do not display we naked foot like monkey . next , mother impatiently wrap chiyo in a servant ' 's kimono . mother remember to always shut the shed door , so the rat do not get in . if I ever find it open - - even a inch -- it 's the bamboo stick for you . now get to work . be quiet ! hatsumomo be sleep . ( call ) pumpkin ! 22 ext . store room & back garden . day . [ winter ] . 22 chiyo scrub the step stone while pumpkin clean the shed . pumpkin explain in a whisper ( which get louder as she continue ) : > young pumpkin two night ago hatsumomo have to stay at the tea-house until dawn , entertaining three judge -- and when she get home , she cry , '' I '' sooo tired ! '' and then she start -- ( pumpkin make a snore sound ) -- and she knock over a candle , and it singe she kimono and she futon start smoking , and mother come in and say , '' pumpkin ! you must stay awake , all night , so hatsumomo do not burn down the whole okiya ! '' ( a breath , and then ) when I be a geisha I will sleep as late as I want . I will wear a fancy kimono , and my hair will be in a split-peach ! chiyo a what ? pumpkin curl she tongue and stick it out ; it look like a '' split peach . '' together , she and chiyo giggle . 23 14 hatsumomo why can not you be quiet ? pumpkin freeze in terror . even with tousle hair and smudge mascara , hatsumomo be gorgeous . she spy chiyo instantly , and give she a long , slow appraisal . , hatsumomo ( cont would ) so this ' be the’ new arrival ? a pity she still stink of fish . she light a cigarette casually and move toward chiyo . mother step . out onto the veranda : hatsumomo ( cont no ) hope you do not pay much for she , mother . not with that eye . Water run away . mother dump she tobacco ash into a bin : mother I pay too much for all of you . mother leave . smiling , hatsumomo bend down and tuck back chiyo 's hair , a sisterly gesture . hatsumomo stay out of my room . you finger smell ; I can not have you touch my thing . her finger linger . int / ext : ladder & roof of okiya . late day . [ winter ] . 23 pumpkin and chiyo carry water from the well in the garden . chiyo when can I go outside ? young pumpkin outside the okiya ? you can not . it 's not allow . carry they bucket inside , the girl climb the narrow fix ladder that lead to the roof . pumpkin climb ahead : chiyo how will I find satsu ? 15 young pumpkin you can not just walk up to every house in the hanamachi . do you know how many there be ? chiyo shake she head '' no . '' young pumpkin ( cont would ) ' look . pumpkin arrive on the roof and look out over the hanamachi [ we do not see yet ] . chiyo pull herself up , see with a jolt : overhead from the rooftop - the hanamachi & beyond . late day . [ winter ] . against a backdrop of softly round misty hill be thousand upon thousand of slate - blue tile roof so impenetrably close together , they seem almost to overlap . pumpkin dump she bucket into the water tank , splash some on the tile . chiyo , crush , stare at the maze of roof . int . granny 's room - okiya . day . [ winter ] . 24 chiyo carry a tray laden with food for granny : rice and tiny white fishling with dead , black eye . she place it down in front of the old woman , who bark : granny it be freezing ! Close the window . dutifully , chiyo go to the window and start to pull it shut . outside - - on the street -- she can not help notice : hatsumomo , with a handsome young man ; koichi ( 30 ) . with a smile , he pull she into a clandestine embrace . he kiss she neck , and whisper in she ear . hatsumomo dissolves into girlish giggle . for a moment , chiyo be absorb by the sight of they . she snap back to attention when she hear : mother ( voice ) chiyo ! chiyo yank the window shut tightly . mother ( cont would ) chiyo ! come quickly ! 16 2 25 int . hatsumomon room . day . [ winter ] . 25 mother , cradling she ugly japanese spaniel taku , slide open hatsumomo 's door , revealing a room in disarray . mother hatsumomo be at the bath house . tidy up . ' ' chiyo but she make I promise -- mother hatsumomo do not run this okiya . she give chiyo a sharp poke and chiyo force herself to go into the room . futon and quilt be pile in a tangle heap . grimy white tabis and old wooden sushi box lie strewn among crumpled tissue and spill face powder and movie-photo magazine . chiyo lean down to pick up a box of powder ; she do not hear hatsumomo come in : ) hatsumomo why , look who 's in my room . chiyo jump up . hatsumomo snatch up she dusting powder : hatsumomo ( cont have ) do you touch this ?? ( sniff , sarcastic ) I can just hear the General now . '' why , hatsumomo . you use to smell of jasmine ; what 's this new perfume ? '' ( wrink she nose in distaste ) '' blowfish ? '' ( savagely ) I tell you never to touch my thing ! can not you understand why ? chiyo because you General will say , '' hatsumomo , you stink . '' hatsumomo stare at she , displease with she delivery . hatsumomo > at least you do not smell as bad as you sister . ( more ) 26 17 hatsumomo ( cont would ) you know she be here . she come by , look for you . chiyo ( stunne ) what ? hatsumomo ( ingenuous ) ' be I wrong to ask she to leave ? cbriyo ( with poignant urgency ) please . tell I where she be . hatsumomo look at she with a luminous smile . hatsumomo only if you swear yourself to I first . yes ? now get out . int . tatami room & kimono room . okiya . day . [ winter ] . 26 auntie the only reason mother tolerate hatsumomo be because she bring in good money . auntie kneel amid a feast of color , fold the many silk kimono pile around she , then place they neatly in lacquer box . chiyo climb a ladder and place the box in stack along the wall . auntie ( cont have ) never forget , it be hatsumomo who pay for you supper . the clothes on you back . by the time she be twenty , she have already earn back she purchase price . unheard of ! she has. be the talk of the hanamachi ever since . chiyo curious finger one of the kimono : chiyo this be all hers ? auntie snatch the kimono away . auntie certainly not . they belong to the okiya . ( display summer kimono ) ( more ) 27 28 18 auntie ( cont would ) a kimono like this , make of tatsumura silk ? it would take a lifetime to earn ! a Sea Captain have this make for granny when she be only fourteen . under auntie 's deat fold , the exquisite embroidery disappear and the kimono go into a red lacquer box : ' auntie ( cont would ) a geisha need a elegant wardrobe , just like a artist need ink ! if she be not properly dress , then she be not a true geisha . chiyo nobody tell I what a geisha be . auntie you will find out soon enough . I have news for you , child . chiyo look at she , puzzle . auntie ( cont ' have ) ... mother have determine . it be off to school with you . ( beat ) you be to become geisha . cur to : int / ext . okiya - various room . early morning . day . [ winter ] . 27 pumpkin 's foot hurry down the step - tansu , chiyo behind she . the girl wear simple cotton school kimono . at the entrance of the okiya , pumpkin hop into she shoe . mother unfasten the bolt on the gate and hurry pumpkin and chiyo through : mother Quick . Quick . for the first time since she arrival , chiyo step into the street . pumpkin yank she -- ext . street of the hanamachi . various . early morning . 28 [ winter ] . pumpkin and chiyo run down the street , wooden geta clatter on the pave stone . 19 sonogawa & bridge the girl race across a bridge that span the flow sonogawa , gracefully overhung with bare - limb cherry tree . chiyo 's head swivel at two maiko walk past , they hair fashioned in the traditional split- peach style . pumpkin grin , and point at they . once again , she curl she tongue into a '' split peach . '' together she and chiyo laugh . pumpkin pull chiyo after she into a tunnel -- pumpkin hurry ! as they run , pumpkin jump up to touch a low - hang fish carving and make it swing ; a child 's ritual . she race down a jumble alley toward the theatre . suddenly , chiyo break rank : chiyo {with resolve ) pumpkin ! I be sorry ; I '' go to run -- I be go to find satsu -- this make pumpkin stop , cold . young pumpkin no ! chiyo , do not ! ( beat ) you will ruin you own chance , and mine too ! please . stay with I ! pumpkin notice a morsel of food in the gutter . she give a cry of discovery in japanese . pumpkin mite , mite ! to chiyo 's disbelief , pumpkin squat down and snatch up a dirty skewer of food fall from a vendor 's cart . she take a bite : pumpkin ( cont would ) mm , squid ! pumpkin pull chiyo into -- 29 30 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 20 int / ext . kaburenjo theatre & school . continuous . day . 29 [ winter ] . the girl race along walkway to the school 's entrance , pumpkin still chew the squid -- ' young pumpkin ( cont ’d ) if you be not careful , mother will toss you back onto the street , and then what ? you will wind up with you obi tie in front . chiyo '' in front ? '' young pumpkin you know . a prostitute . because they spend so much time on they back . ceiyo what be a '' prostitute '' ? * pumpkin do not reply but climb a wall of cubby hole like a ladder and put she sandal at the top . chiyo follow . pumpkin jump down and grab a shingle from the basket by the entry and hang it on the wall among hundred of name . chiyoe try to read they , but pumpkin pull she away : pumpkin look for you sister later ! int / ext . geisha school . day . [ winter ] . : 30 as chiyo and pumpkin race to class . they run by a row of 6 maiko , who go through precise dance movement as the female teacher ( elegant , older ) beat time with she fold fan , call out the step in japanese . a silver- haire geisha beat a tsuzumi . pumpkin and chiyo cut through the school garden past a tea ceremony CLASS ( 5 geisha ) and a calligraphy CLASS ( 6 maiko , lead by one female teacher . ) . they pass a tatami room where 5 geisha play the shamisen lead by a male teacher , and enter : a classroom where a rag line of 8 young girl in cotton kimono try to follow a weary female teacher . a student kneel by a small victorela , wind the scratchy recording . 31 10/14/04 pink revision 21 the teacher bark out the step in japanese , hit the girl with she fan . pumpkin and chiyo dart into line at the back of the room , but the teacher bear down upon they , smack she fan as she shout out the time in cadence : teacher you - be - late ! the teacher whacks pumpkin with she fan , keep time , as pumpkin try clumsily to perform the step and chiyo try to follow . the teacher shove the shoji door close . CUT to : int . entry area of okiya . late night . [ winter ] . 31 alone , chiyo kneel , try to stay awake as she practice she shamisen . the sound of raucous laughter : korin sssh , hatsumomo -san , you 's 1ll wake the entire house . hatsumomo and she geisha friend korin ( 20 ) arrive drunk and giggle . korin spy chiyo : korin ( cont no ) you big sister be thirsty . so be I . go get we some beer . hatsumomo I be not in the mood for beer . korin I know what you be in the mood for , and he name be koichi . hatsumomo flare ; she do not want korin to give away she secret : hatsumomo what do you say ? * korin * I be sorry . I forget -- * hatsumomo * you be just jealous someone care for I ! 22 int : kitchen - the okiya . late night . [ winter ] . 32 hatsumomo open a package wrap in silk . she spread out a ivory color , embroider kimono . hatsumomo guess who this belong to ? ' ' hatsumomo wet a ink block : hatsumomo ( cont would ) I will give you a clue . a geisha as desire as she be ... ought to keep a close eye on she clothes ! korin it 's mameha 's ?? how do you get it ? hatsumomo bribe she may . she laugh , enjoy she own cleverness . hatsumomo dip a calligraphy brush , and give it to korin . korin begin giggle ; she have a failure of nerve : korin oh I can not . I can not. ( eyeing chiyo ) give it to she . she thrust the brush back at hatsumomo . hatsmomo smile at chiyeo , who shrink back . hatsumomo grab chiyo 's wrist and force the brush into she hand , point to a place on the kimono -- hatsumomo there . chiyo hesitates . they eye lock : hatsumomo ( cont would ) remember ? you swore yourself to I . chiyo reluctantly take up the brush . hatsumomo ( cont no ) now then , little chiyo . it 's time to practice you calligraphy . 33 34 35 23 hatsumomo point to a place on the kimono . chiyo touch the brush to the milky fabric , leave a smear of heavy black ink . korin giggle . hatsumomo glare at chiyo as if to say '' again . '' chiyo wet she brush a second time . ext . mamehan apartment build near the sonogawa . night . 33 [ winter ] . ' hatsumomo and korin huddle with chiyo in the shadow : hatsumomo do not let anybody see you . chiyo walk quickly and leave the fold kimono at the door . a figure open the door , flooding chiyo 's face with light : chiyo see a beautiful woman --mameha ( 29 ) - - whose long long glossy hair flow over a nearly transparent kimono . they eye meet . chiyo run blindly -- abrupt CUT to : ext : back garden & privie - okiya . day . [ winter ] . 34 gripping chiyo , mother pour a bucket of water over she back and begin severely lash she with a bamboo rod . mother thieve rat ! that kimono be worth more than you ! auntie careful , okasan ! you will hurt yourself more than she . let I . auntie seize the rod and mother walk back into the okiya . ext . back garden & privie . continuous . day . [ winter ] . 35 auntie kneel . chiyo kneel , weep , ashamed . auntie painfully lower she twisted hip and sit on the stone step . auntie ( cont would ) what have you do to hatsumomo ? chiyo look up tearfully . 36 37 24 's chiyo I have not do anything , I promise you . : auntie whatever you have do to anger she , you would be wise to stop . now . . ( when chiyo be silent ) you would like ' hatsumomo to be you big sister , would not you ? then you must learn to please she . ( beat ) lie face down . chiyo obey . auntie get to she foot painfully , favor she hip . auntie ( cont would ) when I be young , granny be mother of this okiya . one day I be naughty , speak out of turn , as you often do . granny whipped I so fiercely , I be crippled . and so I never becamé a geisha . I could never repay my debt . auntie 's rod come down , swish ! auntie ( cont would ) and so everyone in the okiya suffer . another swish ! chiyo suffer the beat stoically . auntie ( cont would ) ( when chiyo comply ) I will beat you '' just so . '' to spare you the agony I have endure . swish ! inside the okiya - continuous . [ winter ] . 36 mother listen with satisfaction , then turn up the radio . back garden & privie - continuous . [ winter ] . 37 auntie walk away , leave chiyo sobbing on the ground . chiyo hear the veranda shoji open . hatsumomo lounge against she door with a sly smile . she be drink sake . 38 39 25 hatsumomo I tell you not to let anybody see you . , chiyo turn on she with tear of pain : chiyo I have keep my promise . so tell I . where be she ? hatsumomo lick the rim of sake cup , then put it down . she reach out to chiyo , cradling the child 's hand in she own . hatsumomo she 's in the next hanamachi in a house call tatsuyo . ( beat ) trust I , little chiyo . you will find she . cur to : ext : okiya & hanamachi - night . rain . [ winter ] . 38 rain sheet from tile roof . water rush along the street as in a stream , overflow the curbstone . int . hatsumomo 's room . night . rain . [ winter ] . 39 hatsumomo stand in she wig cap , look want except for vibrant red lip . a cigarette dangle from she mouth . Mr. bekku forcefully tug back she obi tie . hatsumomo bridle , and hiss : hatsumomo tighter ! and bekku give another fierce yank . the sound of hatsumomo 's sharp little cry stop chiyo , who peek through the doorway . hatsumomo catch chiyo 's face in the mirror . hatsumomo ( cont would ) chiyo ! you will walk I to the yukimoto teahouse , will not you ? they lock eye ; a private communique sizzle between they . hatsumomo ( cont no ) then you will stand and wait for I ? 41 42 43 44 45 46 26 ext . hanamachi street . night . rain . [ winter ] . they set out , chiyo , shiver , hold a scarlet oile - paper umbrella high over hatsumomo as she lift she kimono above the puddle . ext : yukimoto teahouse courtyard . night . rain . [ winter ] . rain batter down . chiyo , soak to the bone , wait under the scant shelter of the red umbrella . ext : yukimoto teahouse courtyard . night . rain . { winter ] . the tea room 's front door be open slightly to the courtyard . through a decorative screen , we glimpse for the first time the hide teahouse world : chiyo' Pov from courtyard - inside the yukimoto teahouse a simple room with handsome golden screen and warm , brick - red wall , polished dark wood . hatsumomo and two other geisha kneel before a group of men seat at low portable table , pour sake . laugh and smile , hatsumomo look the part of a perfect geisha , the very soul of beauty and wit . ext , yukimoto teahouse courtyard . night . rain . [ winter ] . the red umbrella sit open on the ground in the front courtyard garden , abandon . rain pour in torrent . ext . path along the river . night . rain . [ winter ] . close on chiyo 's feet running as she wooden sandal pound sure -footedly along the river path , splash through puddle . ext : night street in the next hanamachi . night . rain . { winter ] . chiyo run past drunken men into seedier street : ext : the seedy part of town . night . rain . [ winter ] . the rundown '' teahouse '' in this hanamachi look different from the elegant yukimoto . 40 42 43 44 45 46 a7 27 here , the roof tile be crooked and break . under crack lantern , women huddle in doorway and sit line up behind bar window , they white face and red lip crudely paint . . chiyo speak to a woman in a doorway . the woman point , give chiyo direction . chiyo hurry on . ext : pleasure house - seedy part of town . night . rain . 47 { winter ]. chiyo yank on a wooden door , knock as hard as she can . finally a small panel slide open . a old crone look out . chiyo satsu . the panel snap shut . chiyo beat on the door , to no avail : chiyo ( cont would ) satsu ! from yoroido ! satsu ! chiyo stand uncertainly , soak to the skin , she hair and thin kimono plaster to she body . she cast around helplessly , and see : from a dark side doorway , a man in western clothes depart . behind he in the shadow , chiyo can see a young woman ; she silhoutte be familiar . chiyo call : chiyo ( cont no ) satsu ? satsu ! satsu edge into the lantern 's crimson glow and chiyo race to she . satsu chiyo-chan ! they embrace but something be in the way . chiyo realize : satsu 's cumbersome obi be tie in front . satsu ( cont would ) what take you so long -- chiyo -- but satsu , I try -- satsu ( recriminatory ) I go to you okiya week ago ! they laugh , and turn I away --- D 12/21/04 double yellow revision 28 chiyo see in the light : satsu 's face be marre by a beat . chiyo - please , I do not know -- satsu I think you would forget I -- | chiyo : satsu , no -- I could never -- satsu I have miss you so much -- chiyo let 's leave -- tonight -- satsu but we will need money , chiyo -- I know where I can steal some , first thing tomorrow -- . chiyo no , please - - ~ tonight -- satsu tomorrow . meet I at the sasame bridge . as soon as it 's dark -- a sudden sound ; the front door open . footstep . satsu 's face fill with alarn . satsu ( cont no ) now I have to go -- quickly , before someone catch we -- chiyo , tremble , desperately cling to satsu as she eye fill with tear . satsu push she away . chiyo what if I can not get away ? satsu be there , chiyo . it 's we one chance . once I have leave I can not go back . I have wait as long as I can . wnow --go ! satsu disappear into the house . 29 ext . front entrance and back garden - okiya . night . rain . 48 [ winter ] . chiyo try the gate - it slide open . chiyo hesitates at the entrance of the okiya , and then slip quietly around the side , via the narrow passage . ' in the back garden , chiyo move covertly toward the kitchen and the back door - but she hear a noise and see : in the storage room , the heavy door have be leave ajar . chiyo hear the rustle of mouse burrow into bag of rice inside . she hasten to close the door -- -- and see inside the dark room something strange and fascinating : hatsumomo be lie under a man . it be hatsumomo 's boyfriend koichi ( 30 , handsome ) . koichi spy chiyo and leap to he foot . — koichi what be she do here ? hatsumomo what ? koichi she 's see we . hatsumomo 's stricken by he word . koichi grope among the rice bag for he sash , dress hastily . hatsumomo grab chiyo : hatsumomo stupid girl ! in the okiya , a light come on . hatsumomo ( cont no ) why have you come back ? the perfect chance to escape ... they freeze as they hear taku start bark madly inside . koichi finish pull on he clothes . hatsumomo ( cont no ) koichi , please -- koichi look at we , sneaking around like criminal -- 30 hatsumomo koichi , do not -- koichi it 's degrade . they hear hurry footstep and mother 's voice call : mother 's voice what 's go on ? hatsumomo ( to koichi ) go! now ! koichi duck out the side path -- just as mother and bark taku appear at the tatami room door onto the veranda : mother show you face ! Hidden in hér obi , hatsumomo find some money . think fast , she stuff the bill inside chiyo 's kimono . mother -- bamboo stick in hand -- halt at the sight of chiyo and hatsumomo in front of the store room . taku be bark into the dark , toward the narrow side path . auntie have come out in she night kimono . hatsumomo look ! okasan ! I catch she . she be run away with she sister , the whore . hatsumomo snatch chiyo 's kimono open . money spill out . mother whirl on chiyo and begin beat she . mother you little thief ! chiyo , terrify , finally break she silence -- chiyo no ! she be lie ! hatsumomo -- after all we have do for she -- chiyo -- I see she with a man-- right there ( the '' bed '' of rice bag ) - his name be koichi ! 49 50 31 hatsumomo shut up ! mother stop abruptly , stare at hatsumomo , see the truth . mother you shut up . take she arm . in the pour rain , auntie seize she arm ; hatsumomo give a startle cry . mother reach under hatsumomo 's kimono and part she leg . mother withdraw she hand , smell she finger . hatsumomo choke back a defiant tear . her face be crimson , mother slap hatsumomo hard , make she gasp . mother ( cont no ) you be never to see he again . her make - up run , hatsumomo glare at chiyo with full loathing . mother ( cont have ) bolt the gate . no one be leave this okiya . chiyo 's face fall . int / ext . okiya . [ winter ] . 49 auntie roll the heavy front door shut with a klunk ! int / ext . veranda & back garden of okiya . dusk . [ winter ] . 50 the rain have stop ; water drain from the tile roof and rush in the garden 's gutter . chiyo crouch low , scour the step stone . she glance at the sundial in the garden ; the light siant long across it . it 's late . she look anxiously toward the sky , and can see the moon , start to reveal itself on the horizon . night be approach . chiyo rise , and she heart swell in she chest ; it 's time to make she escape , but how ? she glance to and for , just as mother pass through the garden , and toss she a recriminatory look . it make chiyo cower , and she sink back down , scrubbing the stone with renew fervor . satisfied , mother disappear . a few drop of water from above fall onto chiyo 's face . she wipe they away . a few more drop fall . J 51 52 53 32 she look up and notice that the water be come from the chain of verdigris bell that hang from the gutter . with she eye she follow the path of the gutter up to -- the roof . ext . okiya roof . night . wet roof . [ winter ] . 51 chiyo step out onto the’ roof by the water tank . she see : the maze of tile roof . stepping out on she wooden sandal , chiyo test she weight on the roof tile . her wet shoe skid on the rain-slick tile and come out from under she . chiyo fail on she bottom hard and barely save herself from tumble down the slope . her shoe fall , clatter down the tile and plummete off the edge into the garden , the noise set off taku 's bark ( 0.s. ) . chiyo gather she courage . she take off she other wooden shoe and leave it perch on the ridge of the okiya 's roof . chiyo inch , half slide , down the sloping tile to the edge of the roof , which be adjacent to the next okiya 's roof . ext . back garden & privie . continuous . night . [ winter ] . 52 taku bark hysterically , run around and around chiyo 's fall shoe , sounding the alarm . ext : next okiya ‘s roof . continuous . night . [ winter ] . 53 chiyo gather she courage and jump -- she fall onto the next okiya 's sloping roof ( # 2 ) . her bare foot slip and scramble for purchase . then she finger grip the wet tile , and one foot wedge safely against a tile . chiyo scramble across the roof and swing she leg over the ridge cap . she slowly let herself skid down the low slope and at the bottom , and see : a gap between she and next okiya ( # 3 ) . taku 's bark sound farther away . chiyo crouch at the edge , she toe curling over the tile 's edge . she push off , drop to the next roof ( # 3 ) , catch she balance : safe . chiyo clamber up this even steeper slope ( # 3 ) . Hand over hand , she climb to the top ; she seem to be gain strength . her hand grasp the cap tile . the tile hold . 54 33 chiyo reach up with she other hand . now both hand safely grip the cap tile . her finger tighten as she haul herself up . she can see the next okiya 's roof ( # 4 ) , and beyond that , the tangle of electrical wire on a pole and red lantern in the street -- freedom . the cap tile ( # 3 ) give way with a clatter . chiyo skid helter - skelter down the long wet slope of the roof . she scream — ' her chin knock against a tile , hard , jerk she head back . star pinwheel in the night sky -- black out int . mother' room . night . [ winter ] . 54 close on a accounting book with a fine - point brush , mother make a notation in she accounting book on she desk . a male doctor leave . pumpkin see he out and close mother 's door . chiyo lie on a futon , she arm be bandage , she chin cut . mother impassively add up figure in she accounting book . mother Dr. Moro be very expensive . you seem to be rack up quite a debt . ( tick down the column ) kimono , destroy . geisha school . Rice and pickle , train ticket , Mr. bekku - all this on top of the money I pay Mr. tanaka , and for what ? the two most worthless girl in Japan ! ( make a entry ) and now I hear that you sister have run away . I will have to return the money Mrs. tatsuyo pay for she . that be quite a sum . chiyo perhaps you should send I home . mother ( with a harrumph ) who can I send you home to ? 55 34 mother go to she tansu and take out a cloth - wrap object . she unwrap two black lacquer tablet with gold letter . chiyo recognize they at once . mother ( cont would ) this come week ago from Mr. tanaka . mother leave they . auntie pick up the accompany letter : auntie '' dear satsu and Little chiyo : as one who be once a orphane child myself , this humble person be sorry to inform you that six week after you leave for you new life in Miyako , the suffer of you honore mother come to its end -- '' chiyo 's face fill with tear . auntie ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) '' -- and only a few week afterward you honore father depart this world as well . this humble person feel confident both you honore parent have find they place in paradise . '' chiyo pick up each tablet in turn , clasp they tightly to she breast . auntie ( cont would ) '' but happily - - in the okiya - - you own future be assure . '' auntie 's voice as she read the letter fade , and be supplant by another : mother' voice ( 0.s. ) you will never be a geisha . you be too head -strong . int . kitchen - okiya . [ spring ] . 55 her arm bandage and wear rag , chiyo clean all the household shoe ; all around she be dozen of sandal . mother 's voice ( 0.s. ) if I could sell off you bone to pay back all that you owe , I would rip they right out of you body . 56 57 58 35 mother drop she bundle school item and she shamisen , to be return , ext . geisha school . day . [ spring ] . 56 the exterior wall display rows of spring festival poster . branch of bloom cherry hang over the walkway of the school , but chiyo walk by they without see . mother' voice ( 0.s. ) you will pay back the okiya another way : as a drudge , int . geisha school . day . [ spring ] . 57 chiyo place she wrap shamisen and she school clothes & book at the open classroom door : mother 's voice ( 0.s. ) each week , a few coin , and maybe -- maybe - - by the end of you life , you debt will be pay . Inside , a group of 6 beautifully - costume young matko ( lead by a female teacher ) rehearse for the '' spring dance '' with paddy of willow and cherry blossom . four other maiko wait they turn . chiyo note the maiko without emotion ; she know now that this world be close to she forever . ext : foot -bridge over the sonogawa . day . [ spring ] . 58 chiyo pause on the bridge , tear stream . weeping cherry tree drop they blossom in the stream ; the blossom float away on the water 's gentle surface . chiyo watch they , yearn . chairman nos voice it be too pretty a day to be so unhappy . she look up into the broad face and compassionate eye of the chairman ( 34 ) . he be handsome and graceful . he notice she cut chin and bandage arm . chairman ( cont 'd ) do you fall down ? 10/12/04 blue revision 36 chiyo be too shy to answer . the Chairman crouch which bring they face the face . chiyo duck she head rather than meet he eye . . chairman ( cont no ) why so shy ? nothing to be ashamed of ; we all stumble from time to time . he offer she handkerchief , and -- embarrassed -- she dab she face . the Chairman gesture toward the most beautiful of the three geisha in he company . chairman ( cont would ) you see that enchant lady in pink ? once -- when she be just a maiko -- she fall clean off she okobo . when the geisha laugh in response , it border on music . geisha it 's true ; I do . chairman and now look at she ; so elegant . geisha Mr. Chairman , should not we hurry ? we will miss the beginning . bow , chiyo would back away , excuse herself , but the Chairman stop she with a gentle hand . he shrug at the geisha : chairman we see the spring dance every year . we can spare a moment . the geisha turn inward , twitter among themselves . the Chairman turn to chiyo . chairman ( cont no ) what 's you name ? she do not respond . chairman ( cont would ) do not be afraid to look at I . someone have be cruel to you . or perhaps life have be cruel . chiyo I do not know , sir . 10/12/04 blue revision 36a 37 chairman none of we find as much kindness in this world as we should . '' ( and then ) do you like sweet plum , or cherry ? chiyo you mean - to eat ? . I ' the Chairman laugh and lead chiyo toward the footpath that go along the stream , where a vendor sell shave ice . chairman I like sweet plum myself . {to the vendor ) both kind . chiyo hungrily watch the vendor put a scoop of lurid pink into a paper cup . the Chairman hand it to she : chairman ( cont no ) I wait for this every spring . chiyo take she first bite ; when she pull the cup away from she lip , they be stain with color . she smile coyly . chiyo now I be a geisha , too . the chairman laugh . chairman and so you be ! as they take bite of they ice , chiyo absorb he with wonder . chairman ( cont would ) how do you come by such surprising eye ? chiyo my mother give they to I . chairman generous of she , be not it ? chiyo as you have be to I . chairman smile for I , will not you ? 59 60 38 chiyo can not help it ; she do . chairman ( cont would ) there now . that be you gift to I . he wrap some coin in he handkerchief and tuck it into she hand . , chairman ( cont would ) this will buy you supper . now promise I one thing . next time you take a tumble ... no frown . he smile back at she , and she nod . chiyo watch the Chairman walk away toward the geisha who await he ; they fold they arm around he , like butterfly wing , and he seem to disappear . chiyo stare after they longingly , transfix . ext : hanamachi . day . [ spring ] . 59 chiyo run through the hanamachi , on a mission . sayuri's voice in that moment I change from a girl face nothing but emptiness -— ext . torii gate . day . [ spring ] . 60 chiyo continue to run through a corridor of huge broad orange torii gate that meander far up a wood hillside . sayuri ‘s voice ( cont ’d ) ~ to someone with purpose . I see that to be a geisha could be a step stone to something else . chiyo arrive at the shrine and stretch up to reach the huge bell cord . she pull the rope and clap three time . sayuri's voice ( cont would ) the money he have give I could have buy fish and rice for a month . but I give it back in prayer . she open the handkerchief : the Chairman 's coin . chiyo drop the coin in the offer box and bow . she kneel : 61 62 39 sayuri's voice ( cont would ) I ask one day to be worthy of the chairman 's world ... to meet he again ... and to become a geisha . cherry blossom blow past the serene altar of the shrine and become snowflakes . 1 . ext . the hanamachi . late day . snow . [ winter ] 61 snow blow around the eave of the shutter okiyas , and fill the ridge of the tile roof of the hanamachi . we hear a tinny radio , report the news about Japan 's war with Russia and ally and axis power battle in Europe . int . entry & tatami room - okiya . late day . snow . [ winter ] 62 a older bekku strap pumpkin ( 16 ) into she obi , grunt . pumpkin give cry of discomfort as he pull the cord ever tighter . she holler up the tansu step : pumpkin chiyo ! do you find my comb yet ? auntie here , let I . chilly adult bare feet appear , patter down the cramped stair , as chiyo ( 15 ) hurry to obey . as she descend , we see she 's graceful even in a may 's rag ; she wear a servant 's long braid . chiyo hasten to pumpkin , ornamental comb in hand . pumpkin arigato . I could not sleep ! I be so worried about my stupid hair ! ( with dread ) be I lopsided ? chiyo art - fully wedge the comb into pumpkin ' 's maiko hairstyle , and whisper : chiyo you look beautiful . pumpkin give she a grateful smile . they briefly , covertly clasp hand . then mother appear with auntie ( both dress for the occasion ) and the girl ' hand come apart . mother scrutinize pumpkin ' 's round hairstyle , the haircomb stick out at a jaunty angle : 63 64 40 mother with you hair like that , you look more like a pumpkin than ever ! do not poke you neck forward like a tortoise ! -- as she pluck at pumpkin with critical tweak . chiyo be all but invisible ; bekku absently kick she aside . ' hatsumomo appear , impossibly beautiful in a flamboyant kimono . hatsumomo she be not ready ? we will be late ! pumpkin take she in , dismay . bekku laugh : bekku poor pumpkin - her debut , and everyone will be stare at you . hatsumomo hurry up . mother this time - tune you shamisen before you play . when you make a fool of yourself , it be you Big sister who get the blame . ( be : pumpkin 's tear ) stop cry ! you face will run . int / ext : entrance of okiya & front gate . night . snow . 63 [ winter ] two rickshaws ( the first carry hatsumomo and pumpkin , the second - mother and auntie ) disappear into the veil of swirl snowfall . chiyo turn back sadly . by the door she see : pumpkin 's shamisen . _ chiyo grab it , look down at she bare foot . chiyo snatch up auntie 's garden clog ~~ ext . hanamachi & sonogawa stream . night . snow . [ winter ] 64 carry the bundle shamisen , chiyo run in auntie ' 's garden clog , down the snowy street , over the freeze sonogawa . delicate icicle hang from the barren weep - cherry tree . 66 68 41 int / ext : yukimoto teahouse . night . snow . [ winter ] 65 the yukimoto teahouse owner ( female ) take the bundle shamisen from chiyo . the door slide shut on chiyo . she hesitates -- back garden of yukimoto [ winter ] 66 chiyo slip around to the back garden , hope for a glimpse of pumpkin 's debut . the close shojis encase by a outside layer of glass panel present a blank face to the verandas . chiyo can hear laughter and voice , bottle clinking . curious , chiyo step stealthily onto the veranda . a filigreed iron lantern light the snowy stone step . the glass panel be open a very tiny crack . chiyo quietly slide it open and pass through . she sneak up to the shoji screen and crouch . chiyo wet she finger and press it to the paper of the screen create a tiny transparent circle . chiyo peek through : Pov - int . yukimoto tearoom . night . [ winter ] 67 in the warmly - light room , eight or more well - dressed men sit at lacquer table wait upon by hatsumomo , korin . the man applaud as pumpkin sing and play the shamisen . inside the tearoom a client notice a silhouette on the shoji . someone be on the veranda . curious , he alert man on either side of he . back garden of yukimoto [ winter ] 68 chiyo strain to see more -- pumpkin have go out of view . the shoji suddenly fly open : it be the Chairman , inch from she , face to face . chiyo know he at once , it take she breath away . the light from the tearcom fall directly on chiyo and she distinctive silver - gray eye . she look ethereal . the Chairman be halt , perhaps by she beauty , perhaps by a memory - but in that moment as he stare at she , time stop . 69 70 71 72 42 chiyo reflexively bolt . other client , amused , walk out onto the veranda . the Chairman , stand in the garden , oblivious to the snow fall on he . ext . yukimoto teahouse courtyard . night . snow . [ winter ] 69 a male servant sweeping the front step catch sight of chiyo as she run to the front gate . the teahouse - owner order he to follow the stranger . he drop he snow broom and race after she . ext : STREET & yukimoto , the hanamachi . night . snow . [ winter ] 70 with the male servant call behind she , chiyo run into the street , she wooden geta slip on the ice . chiyo yank off the shoe and run -- ext . in the hanamachi - continuous . night . snow . [ winter ] 71 chiyo duck into a dark nook and let the running footstep go past . when they be go , from inside she kimono chiyo take something she have keep press against she heart : sayuri 's voiceover the winter that I turn fifteen , fate bring I three thing : I see the Chairman again . chiyo 's cold finger caress the Chairman 's finely embroider handkerchief . ext . the hanamachi . early day . snow . [ winter ] 72 a lone figure in black with a black parasol glide through the white tempest , down a narrow street toward the okiya . sayuri 's voiceover ( cont ’d ) granny leave we . and most surprising of all .... 73 74 74a '74b 10/18/04 GREEN revised 43 omit omit ext . front gate & entrance of okiya . early day . [ winter ] ! a slender glove hand reach up to ring the gate 's bell . int . tatami room - okiya - continuous [ winter ] mother notice a mysterious stranger at the front gate . mother Quick chiyo , put up the screen . ( to herself ) why be she here ? mother pick up taku and disappear . chiyo grab the screen and rush to obscure pumpkin , who 's sit , scoop rice into she mouth . auntie bark : auntie ( to chiyo ) open the gate ! chiyo run to the entry . 73 74 74a 74b +e fof + * of 75 76 10/18/04 GREEN revised 44 int . entrance of okiya . early day . [ winter ] * 75 chiyo see mameha , and crumple inside with fear ( the ruin kimono ! ) . she bow low to hide she face , as mameha step out of she sandal and go inside . int . entry & mother' room / office - okiya . early day . 76 mother , tightly - coiff and in a somber color , bow as auntie lead mameha into mother 's room & office . her desk be set up with pen and paper and abacus . auntie close the door & instantly put she ear to the crack . pumpkin 's all ear , too . chiyo grab a rag and begin to polish the floor by mother 's door . she , auntie and pumpkin crane to hear : mother mameha-san , I know that you would never joke at a old lady 's expense - auntie inch the door open more , and the voice be clearer : mameha I be only think on you behalf ... now that you beloved granny be go , you have no need for a may -- mother but chiyo ? mameha just think how she would enrich you okiya ! mother I have to tell you ... she be unusually stupid . ( beat ) and she debt ...! mameha a geisha return she investment faster than a may . chiyo whisper to pumpkin , incredulous : chiyo be they really talk about I ? 45 y pumpkin , nod , equally stunne . meanwhile : mother I would never question the great mameha . but you could choose anyone in the hanamachi -- mameha you flatter I , truly -- mother -- I would give you my pumpkin , if she be not already tie to hatsumomo -- mameha ~- please , I would never dream of ask -- mother besides , I can always sell chiyo to Mrs. tatsuyo . '' mameha but with you eye for beauty and you nose for talent ... surely you ) can see what a terrible waste that would be ! mother if you be not the kind - heart geisha I know you to be ... then I might think you be dishonest . ( beat ) even connive . mameha oh ? mother I might think you be scheme against hatsumomo . mameba then I be grateful , Mrs. nitta , that you do not have a suspicious mind . mother perhaps you can pique my interest with - ~ mameha -- yes ? -- 46 2 mother -- you offer ? mameha ( brass tack now ) I will cover chiyo 's schooling . all of . she expense . till after she debut . ' mother now I be confident you be teasing -- mameha I could not be more sincere . if chiyo have not repaid she debt within six month after she debut -- mother ( scoffing ) impossible ! too little time ! mameha ( resolutely ) ~- then I will pay you twice over . 2 mother be astonished by the proposal -- but not more astonished than pumpkin and chiyo in the hallway : mother why , no geisha could ever - ~ mameha you see ? I be willing to assume all the risk . mother mameha-san , you might as well toss you money away ! mameha I be certain you will not object to one , trivial condition ... mother yes ? mameha if chiyo erase she debt in the time allow ... you will have no part in she future earning . 77 47 mother mameha-san ! my respect for you be too great ... too vast ... to allow you to make such a foolish wager . ( clearly accept she : ) let I fetch the account book . chiyo drop she polish rag and dart away . pumpkin dive back into she morning rice bowl . auntie pick up the rag and pretend to polish the door frame as mother appear . mother give auntie a look as she retrieve she book . int . granny 's old room - the okiya . day . [ winter ] 77 mother it 's too good to be true . mameha be up to something . mother & auntie draw the bamboo shade and open the window of granny 's dusty old room . they begin move granny 's thing out of what will now become chiyo 's room . auntie she be not in it for the money , that much be for certain . rumor have it -- ever since the Prime Minister buy she mizuage - - she have be rich ! they say he pay a record sum . mother be that so ? chiyo undress behind a simple cotton kimono that pumpkin hold open , change out of servant 's rag . she whisper : chiyo " mizuage '' ? pumpkin biush and gesture with she hand : i_ca not say . hatsumomo pause at the doorway : mother absurd to think she notice chiyo - ! hatsumomo it 's that kimono . ( to chiyo ) she remember how you destroy it . now she want to get even . 78 48 mother ( askance at hatsumomo ) that sound less like mameha and more like another geisha I know . hatsumomo ( ignore mother 's jibe ) poor little chiyo . I fear for you . mother a odd picture , be not it ? hatsumomo sweeping into teahouse after teahouse with we little pumpkin ... and mameha with we may ? mother & auntie shake they head , astonished . chiyo be paralyse with embarrassment . mother and auntie leave . chiyo I be so far behind ; I will never catch up to you . pumpkin do not worry , chiyo -chan . I will help you . batsumomo pumpkin ! you be never to speak to she again ... she. pinch pumpkin 's lip hard , and pumpkin cry out -— hatsumomo ( cont have ) «.. now you be rival . pumpkin give chiyo a haunt look , convey regret and guilt . cut to : ext . mameha 's beautiful apt . & SMALL garden courtyard . day . 78 [ winter ] along the sonogawa , icicle melt from the tree , drip jewel- like droplet . in the foreground sit the Baron 's impressive automobile . chiyo hesitates outside mameha 's apartment , shiver and summoning she courage . she see : a handsome man , the baron ( 45 ) , emerge from the apartment , with mameha see he out . chiyo bow humbly : J 79 4g chiyo konichiwa . mameha chiyo be my new protege . the baron as lovely as she big sister ! and with eye the color of rain . he give chiyo a smile that fluster she . mameha walk the Baron to the entrance , chiyo peek curiously . int . mameha' beautiful apartment . day . [ winter ] 79 in mameha 's light - wash , calm apartment : mameha the Baron be a very special man to I ; my danna . someday if you be fortunate , you will have a patron , teo . do not kneel . you be not a servant girl anymore . embarrass , chiyo stand before she , head bow , blush . mameha ( cont would ) step into the light . chiyo do ; mameha look into she face . mameha ( cont would ) I see water in you . chiyo do that displease you ? mameha Water 's powerful . it can wash away earth , put out fire , even destroy iron . but you have not draw on that strength , have you ? chiyo shake she head mutely . finally she whisper : chiyo about you kimono ... mameha you may apologize , if you wish . chiyo drop and bow , she forehead on the mat - 50 mameha ( cont no ) why , that be a perfect bow - for a pig farmer . do not drop you head . fingertip together ; elbow in . no weight on the hand . yes . chiyo accomplish a correct bow . mameha ( cont have ) as for that kimono - I be no fool , chiyo . hatsumomo cannot tolerate competition . chiyo she be jealous of you ? mameha not I , I be afraid . ( with significance ) someone closer to home . chiyo blushes . mameha ( cont have ) rise . not like a horse . slide you foot forward - that 's it . now walk . ( watch she ) you be a magnificent geisha ! mameha walk chiyo over to the window seat overlook the stream . they sit . mameha ( cont no ) tell I , chiyo , do Mrs. nitta ever speak of the future ? chiyo not to I . mameha well , someday soon , she will have to name a heir . one of she own geisha , to succeed she . ( lead she ) strange , be not it , that she have not adopt hatsumomo - — chiyo and release the tiger from its cage ? 80 51 '' mameha you have a gift for expression . the maid bring in a tray ; she pour the tea . mameha ( cont would ) and if Mrs. nitta adopt pumpkin , that be hardly a threat ! but a little girl with eye like rain ... chiyo but Mrs. nitta would never choose I . mameha on the contrary ; that be we goal . surprise , chiyo splashes the tea as it be hand to she . chiyo it be ? mameha of course . if you do not inherit the okiya , then we will all be at the tiger 's mercy . chiyo blow on she tea . mameha stay she : mameha ( cont have ) Water 's always in such a hurry . ( smile ) perhaps it be just as well . we have no time to lose . mameha take up she cup , and chiyo follow . cut to : int . public bath . the hanamachi . day . [ winter ] 80 chiyo undress at the bath house . chiyo when do a geisha choose she danna ? mameha be amused and a little offended . mameha I '' afraid it 's the other way around . ( more ) 52 mameha ( cont would ) ( then ) focus on you study , chiyo . Music , the art of conversation . contrary to popular opinion , that 's the surest way to attract a danna ; on you foot ... not off they . carry they towel to conceal they naked body , they step into a tile room fill with steam .. mameha ( cont have ) pretend , for example , that I be pour tea ... mameha sit on a bathing stool , use bathing implement as '' teapot '' and '' cup '' . mameha ( cont no ) you kneel , just so . you angle the pot low , spout close to the cup , so the aroma do not escape ... she mime pour . mameha ( cont would ) now here be where you can add a touch of intrigue . say I be entertaining the Baron . like so many client , he be trap in a arrange marriage with a woman he do not love . so -- in the teahouse , when he be seek my company instead -- I reward he . like this . she drape the washcloth like a '' kimono sleeve . '' mameha ( cont would ) with a glimpse of my wrist . see that demure little trace of naked skin ... well , it give he pleasure . as chiyo practice pour while hold she '' kimono sleeve '' mameha ( cont have ) when you be sit down -- ( crowd chiyo ) - for the briefest moment , press you leg against he . ( when chiyo start to giggle ) always by accident , of course ! or , this - J 81 82 53 mameha tuck up damp tendril at she nape , demonstrate : mameha ( cont would ) or this : " this little hair be such a nuisance , always try to escape . '' ' chiyo ( copying ) | '' this little hair be such a nuisance ... " laugh , mameha lead she to the steaming bathing pool : mameha oh , dear . we have leapt from '' intermediate '' to '' advanced '' so quickly . you maiko be suppose to be all innocence . ( subtly wick smile ) at first . they drop they towel and step into the bath . go to montage : close up : a black brush dip into a make - up jar of austere white -- int : geisha school . day . [ winter ] 81 -- white tabi foot dance across a tatami floor . chiyo practice with 8 very young girl , tower over they . she turn a shoulder , and -- close up : -- the back of a long , elegant neck be reveal . the white make - up brush outline two sharp point -- ext . mameha 's courtyard - day . [ winter ] 82 -- the sharp sound of a bucket as mameha lower icy water in front of chiyo . chiyo plunge she hand in . mameha count to ten , then thrust a shamisen at she , and chiyo begin to pluck the string with cold , blue finger -- close up : -- as long finger angle a brush , etching a pair ef scarlet lip -- 84 85 86 54 ext : hanamachi . day . [ winter ] 83 -- that smile from a japanese movie poster ; chiyo teeter past on the tall wooden shoe of a maiko . mameha help she until chiyo fall off the curb into the street ; and a rickshaw rattles by , send up a cloud of dust -- -- close up : -- that settles as a cosmetic puff powder a newly rouge cheek bone -- in mameha 's apartment . day . [ winter ] 84 -- two sumptuous paper fan flip open as mameha tutor chiyo in dance . both dress in they underkimono , mameha teacher chiyo a tricky move . chiyo mimic she , toss a fan , and - int . kaburenjo theatre . day . [ winter ] 85 -- catch it onstage , in a dance rehearsal 10 maiko she own age . she glance down the line of dancer to see pumpkin . in the audience , hatsumomo and mameha watch they fledgle maiko . they do not acknowledge one another ; they eye be fix on the stage . meanwhile , pumpkin grin coyly at she friend chiyo , and curl she tongue in a '' split peach '' , just as she do when they be child . chiyo suppress a smile , and execute a graceful turn without miss a beat . pumpkin , however , be fatally amused by she own hijink ; she 's throw off balance and drop she fan . mameha cast a discreet , competitive look in hatsumomo 's direction , to gauge she response . hatsumomo sit with she back stiff , and shoot pumpkin a look that could straighten a bonsai tree -- close up : -- as a coal stick glide across a arched eyebrow , accentuate it with black --- int . beauty parlor . the hanamachi . day . [ winter ] 86 --- chiyo 's long , black hair be comb out flat by a male hairdresser ( middle - age ) , who then apply hot wax with a iron . mameha beauty be cruelty . 87 88 89 90 91 55 chiyo grimace in protest -- int . chiyo 's room . night . [ winter ] ~ day -- as mother replace she pillow with a wooden stand . next , mother sprinkle rice powder liberally around the base . in she new split- peach hairstyle , chiyo rest she neck on the stand ; she ' try itto make herself comfortable , close she eye -- int . chiyo 's room . morning . [ winter ] -- which open the next morning . slowly chiyo realize she head have sly off the wooden stand . Rice powder be matte on she hair and eyelash . she try in vain to pluck it out as hatsumomo stand in the doorway , laugh -- ext / int . beauty parlor . the hanamachi . day . [ winter ] -- as hatsumomo and pumpkin exit , pumpkin 's coiffure immaculately lacquer , every strand in perfect place . meanwhile --inside -- mameha shake she head , sympathetically as the hairdresser once again draw wax through poor chiyo 's hair -- close up : -- as a bejewel ornament slide gracefully into the upswept hair- style of a maiko -- int . mameha 's apartment . day . [ winter ] -- colorful maiko kimono festoon the room . chiyo go '' shopping '' among mameha 's collection . mameha hold up a beautiful kimono -- close up : -- and two pale arm slide into a sheer under - kimono -- ext : street of the hanamachi . day . [ winter ] -- now dress in flutter kimono , chiyo and mameha step into the street . mameha the fortune - teller suggest November 3rd for you debut -- 87 88 89 90 91 92 56 chiyo ( crestfallen ) November ? can not it be sooner ? mameha sooner ? ( laugh ) Water certainly like to rush ! close up : -- in quick succession , eight silk band call himo be draw and bound -- mameha ( cont would ) you can not call yourself a true geisha until you can stop a man in he track , with a single look . close up : --a lavishly embroider cream kimono close , leave over right -- chiyo no one can do that . mameha turn she back to the street : mameha choose someone for I . chiyo indicate a passing man who walk absently toward they . mameha take a few small step , she eye downcast . as the man reach she , mameha lift she eye to meet he . the man stop , he turn to watch mameha go . chiyo , amaze , hurry to catch up with mameha . chiyo if I can do that - may I debut sooner ? close up : a man 's hand yank the obi string tight on the back of a geisha 's kimono . mameha perhaps . ext . street of the hanamachi . day . [ winter ] 92 chiyo ( game now ) go ahead , then . choose someone for I , onei-san . 93 10/20/04 goldenrod revision 57 mameha look around , select a delivery boy pedall in the street , he bicycle load with a tower stack of bundle . mameha make he fall over . with one look . Close up : -- eye flash in a hand mirror -- chiyo hesitates anxiously . then she see a solution : a truck be back slowly out of a alley . in a split-second , chiyo boldly step into the street and stare directly into the Delivery Boy 's face as he pass . surprise , the Boy momentarily turn he head -- -- then hear a truck 's horn . the Boy brake and swerve -- the bicycle 's heavy load topple , spilling its driver and cargo across the pavement , mameha send chiyo a wry look . close up : --- a tin make - up box slam shut -- mameha ( cont no ) you be ready . int . the okiya . night [ winter ] 93 mother and auntie , dress for the occasion , wait impatiently in the entry - way . mameha fling open the shoji screen of the tatami room to reveal : chiyo , now as flawless and paint as a gorgeous , japanese doll , in the full make - up of a maiko . her hair be wax a shiny black ; mameha 's richly embroider '' butterfly - sleeve '' kimono fall in lush pool of silk at she foot . chiyo move * across the room and stop at a full length mirror . she stare at herself in the glass . tear well in she eye . * * chiyo look to mameha . even bekku 's impressed . * 94 95 10/20/04 goldenrod revision .58 mother intercede - — * mother hurry up ! you be not make money stand there gawk at yourself -- int / ext : entrance of okiya . evening . [ winter ] 94 close on chiyo 's foot as the snowy tabi part and the thong of she shoe slide between . the glove toe . chiyo walk down the path on she tall maiko shoe and pause under the lantern , in the same spot where she first laid eye on hatsumomo . behind she auntie strike the flint . auntie for luck . SPARKS fly behind chiyo . ext . behind yukimoto teahouse . sunset . [ winter ] 95 in the garden , mameha and chiyo exchange three cup of sake ( serve by the teahouse - owner ) in a '' sister '' ritual . mother and auntie stand in attendance . mameha this bind we together forever as sister . today you leave you childhood and cast away you name . from this day forward , you will be know by a new one ... with the same lilt , the same music as the water you resemble ... ( a pause , and then ) .-- " sayuri . '' sayuri , formerly chiyo , bow she head in gratitude . 96 10/12/04 blue revision 59 int . yukimoto teahouse . night . [ winter ] * 96 the teahouse owner --teeter with a tray stack with sake and beer -- barrel down the deep red hallway toward the tea room . laughter and conversation spill from the room as she fling open the shoji door . EIGHT men be seatle in conversational group at low table around three side of the room . in the seat of honor , we recognize the Baron . the other men be mostly older and all wealthy , they spirit loosen by sake . the host , hatsumomo 's favorite client the general ( 55 , chainsmoker ) , wear a japanese military uniform . two geisha move gracefully among the table , serve sake as they chat among the man . behind a screen , before they make they entrance : mameha tonight , you will attend the Baron . chiyo look at she , uncertain . be not he mameha 's territory ? mameha ( cont would ) a new maiko always attend the honore guest . ready ? sayuri onei-san , thank you . mameha smile . they enter , , bow on the floor , murmure they greeting etc . ' then they hurry toward the Baron with small step . the General lift he sake cup : the general Friends , we have the pleasure to witness the debut of a new maiko . some of the man applaud , and all lift they glass . with guick small step that make she kimono hem ripple , sayuri approach the Baron and kneel , blush . the Baron eye she playfully , admire . to mameha : the baron I remember that eye . what be she name ? mameha look to sayuri , give she permission to respond . sayuri feel a pang of pleasure as she speak the word : 97 60 sayuri '' sayuri '' . mameba ( whisper ) you may replenish the Baron 's tea . sayuri self - consciously take up the teapot . she aim the spout low , close to the Baron 's cup , so the aroma do not escape . meanwhile -- with the other hand -- she draw back she kimono sleeve , expose she wrist , pause exactly as mameha have teach she . the Baron 's eye drift to sayuri 's arm . after a few second have elapse , sayuri be mortify to realize that the Baron 's cup be still empty -- no tea be pour from the spout of the deplete tea pot . the baron she 's determine , be not she ? if there have be a drop of tea in that pot , I believe sayuri would have get it out -- everyone laugh . under she make - up , sayuri be flushed with embarrassment . mameha now do not tease , Baron . it 's she very first time . close on mameha & sayuri - short time later 97 mameha 's 's finger pluck the string of she shamisen , accompany sayuri . sayuri gracefully dance with two fan , just as mameha teach she . as sayuri dramatically toss and catch one of the fan , she see : the teahouse owner lead in hatsumomo and pumpkin . hatsumomo seductively advance on the Baron 's table , pumpkin in tow . hatsumomo Baron ... forgive I for intrude - General tottori be good enough to ask we to call . the General , tipsy , have no memory of it but he be pleased to fill she cup with sake . sayuri and mameha end the dance , and the man applaud . 61 hatsumomo ( cont no ) what a beautiful dance ! yes , pumpkin ? deftly , hatsumomo take a fan from pumpkin and demonstrate . hatsumomo ( cont no ) her fan be so hypnotic that you never ndtice she foot . ( turn to sayuri ) what be you name ? mameha her name be sayuri . hatsumomo '' sayuri '' - a name as sweet as she be ! ( to the General ) I '' afraid this day , even a common chambermaid can call herself a geisha . {her eye narrowing in sayuri 's direction ) so it 's nice to see such a sincere young maiko . be not it ? the general ( catch in the middle , stammer ) why , yes . indeed . mameha ( to sayuri ) surely you would like to thank hatsumomo for she gracious compliment . sayuri there be so much I would like to say to hatsumomo . hatsumomo sometimes , the wisest remark be to say nothing . sayuri what better advice to follow than you own ? mameha sayuri -- jy 98 62 sayuri bow low to hatsumomo . hatsumomo I be a maiko myself once . sayuri of course . but it 's be such a very long , long , long , long ... the Baron and the man laugh . sayuri continue demurely : sayuri ( cont no ) ---time . hatsumomo bridle . hatsumomo Little sayuri have study to be a geisha for such a short time , she have not learn she manners . ( to the General ) tell I . would you ever send a man into battle before he 's ready ? the general never . my man be train to kill . hatsumomo ( to mameha ) perhaps she debut come too soon . the general nstifl laughter ) on the contrary , hatsumomo .... I would say ... I would say she hit she target !... the Baron laugh , too , and the laughter grow , fill the room . hastumomo glare , ashen . pumpkin bite she lip to keep from grin . mameha smile at how she protege have handle herself . sayuri bear the peaceful look of triumph . cur to : int : sayuri ‘s room . the okiya . night / dawn . [ winter ] 98 abrupt awaken : hatsumomo jerk sayuri awake by the hair and slap she . in a quiet rage , she whisper : hatsumomo I shall destroy you . 99 100 63 with another vicious yank , hatsumomo leave she . CUT to : omit 99 ext : rickshaw go through a rural park and over a bridge 100 qutside of miyako . day . [ winter ] shade by a colorful parasol , mameha and sayuri ride in a rickshaw past a ornate pagoda ; sayuri in full maiko attire and make -up . mameha she can destroy you . she will spread rumor , stalk you from tea - house to tea-house , then steal you client and turn they over to pumpkin ! all in the hope that Mrs. nitta adopt pumpkin instead of you ! sayuri what can we do ? mameha we have get to out - wit she . to find a safe haven ... somewhere beyond she reach , where you can practice you skill without any interference . and I have find just the place . ( give she a card ) you first sumo match . sayuri what ? mameha ( nodd ) it be sell out . hatsumomo could not gain admission if she be a rat and scurry under the seat . sayuri smile , she appetite whetted . mameha ( cont would ) today you will meet iwamura Ken . he found the iwamura electric company in osaka . ( more ) 101 12/9/04 double pink revision 64 mameha ( cont would ) my client for year . his partner nobu ... well , they say what he lack in charm , he make up for in savvy -- sayuri you do not approve of nobu ? mameha he do npt approve of we . * off sayuri 's dismay look : mameha ( cont would ) you like a challenge , do not you ? mameha laugh merrily , as the rickshaw pass over a graceful bridge in the japanese countryside . int . sumo match . day . [ winter ] 101 suspend over the mound dohyo ( clay sumo ring ) be a roof resembling a , shinto shrine , and hang at the corner with giant color tassel honore the four season . all around the ring rise tier of box fill with kneel spectator . in the ring , two almost naked rikishi ( first pair of sumo wrestler ) be already in combat as mameha and sayuri make they way to the first tier box .~ as sayuri and mameha approach the box where they client wait , men turn they head , look to see which box will receive the honor of two such beautiful geishas . mameba ( whisper ) be attentive . i will do the rest . sayuri follow mameha nervously toward two man seat ina first tier box . sayuri realize that one of the two man seem somehow familiar . he rise and greet mameha warmly : it be the Chairman . sayuri 's heart be pound as she bow : mameha ( cont would ) Chairman iwamura , President nobu , * this be my new young sister sayuri . sayurit hajimemashite . 12/9/04 double pink revision 65 as sayuri gaze momentously into the face she have long to see , the Chairman abruptly avert he eye , and speak instead to nobu : chairman nobu-san . nobu ( 42 , strong presence of power and intelligence ) ' be focus on the match . he cry out the name of the wrestler whom he sponsor ( " tochinoyama ! '' ) , then berate he in japanese . the Chairman try again : chairman ( cont have ) nobul when nobu turn to greet sayuri , she feel a slight shock : nobu 's face be disfigure , badly scar on one side ; he right hand be a web of pucker scar . mameha deftly make the introduction -- mameha nobu toshikazu-san . nobu give a shout as the second set of wrestler mount the ring . mameha seat sayuri between the Chairman and nobu , and manage to whisper in sayuri 's ear : mameha ( cont would ) injured in manchuria . War hero . chairman sayuri , be this you first encounter with sumo ? sayuri nod , too nervous to speak . she be aware of how close they sit , she leg and he almost touch as they kneel . chairman ( cont have ) } nobu -san will have to educate you . I can not tell one wrestler from the next . 12/9/04 double pink revision 66 chairman ( cont would ) ( gesture around tent ) do you notice we contribution ? mameha notice the electric light , give a delighted cry . mameha Lovely ! the chairman turn to sayuri : chairman we close a new deal in the countryside . we be harness the power of water to bring electricity to some of the smaller village . mameha it be in the newspaper , be not it ? nobu with the Chairman 's picture , yes ? ( teasing he friend ) you compensate for all my shortcomings , do not you ? a runner deliver a pot of tea and cup . sayuri take up the pot to pour the Chairman he tea . she draw back she sleeve , and break the silence : sayuri May I ask : how do someone harness the power of water ? the Chairman glance at sayuri 's wrist , then meet she gaze evenly -- chairman you should never ask a engineer to explain a thing . because he will -- nobu iwamura . let the girl watch sumo ! sayuri , teapot in mid-air , freeze , she gaze rivete : across the ring , hatsumomo be arrive with korin . 12/9/04 double pink revision 67 mameha korin , that little jade ! she have bring a guest . they see : hatsumomo look through opera glass at the Chairman . mameha raise she fan for a private tete - a- tete with sayuri : mameha ( cont no ) Quick , turn you attention to nobu -- sayuri ( with dread ) but mameha-neisan -- mameha ( rapid-fire ) she find he repulsive . she have never steal he away . mislead she . mameha lower she fan . instantly sayuri shift the teapot to nobu 's cup . the Chairman 's face fall , but he work to conceal he disappointment . sayuri improvise : sayuri perhaps nobu-san will be kind enough to explain the rule of the match . the Chairman glance into he cup ; it 's only half full . mameha swoops in , pour the rest of he tea . nobu Three thing matter in life : sumo , business and war . understand one , you know they all . but why should a geisha care ? you spend you time pluck string , and dance . nobu turn away , scowling ; sip he tea . sayuri sense hatsumomo watch . she redouble she effort . sayuri I humbly beg to differ . what be sumo but a dance between giant ? what be business but a dance between company ? ( beat ) I not like to know about every kind of dance . y 12/9/04 double pink revision 68 the Chairman smile , impressed . nobu begrudgingly begin point out element of the match : nobu shiomaki ... they be throw salt to purify the ring . the two combatant quickly move from they '' fair play stance '' to a glower crouth as they face off in the small ring . nobu ( cont no ) that man be miyagiyama . the great fighter in Japan . sayuri but he be so tiny -- nobu only compare to he opponent ! miyagiyama may use hataki komi --- be you listen ? sayuri have one eye on the Chairman , but quickly reform : sayuri yes . nobu hataki komi be a movement a smaller combatant use to throw the larger man off balance . Victory do not always belong to the powerful -- nobu watch intently as the wrestler prepare and throw more salt , prepare again , building tension . he point brusquely : nobu ( cont have ) look . there . in he eye . the wrestler tense and prepare to charge . at the same time , mameha see : hatsumomo have leave she seat and be make she way toward they . mameha gather herself apologetically : mameha I be afraid we time have come to a close -- chatrman go sc soon ? 102 69 nobu not yet -- I want she to see -- the wrestler crouch on they fist . finally the larger man , saiho , charge . milyagiyama use the force of saiho ' 's impact to swivel out of the way . in that same instant , he bring he hand down on the back of saiho 's neck ; saiho fly over the lip of the ring and sprawl into the spectator . the encounter be over in less than two second . nobu ( cont no ) now that - be hataki komi . sayuri I see now why you like sumo. ( with compassion for nobu 's : deformity ) you can never judge a man 's power by he appearance alone . nobu look at sayuri-- full on -- for the first time . he 's truly touch by she insight . he say to mameha : nobu you may bring she again . a short time later 102 sayuri & mameha leave the match , among a press of spectator : sayuri what be we to do ? hatsumomo find we again ! mamera do not worry . like a true sumo wrestler , you throw she off balance ! nobu be the perfect diversion . sayuri peek back at Chairman . only nobu watch they go . sayuri ( worried ) suppose he believe my advance ... suppose he take a interest in I ? ) 103 104 105 12/9/04 double pink revision mameha and violate all he high -mind moral ? never . sayuri but oneisan ... you hear he . he ask to see I again . ' mameha ( muse ) yes .... he do , do not he ? ( back to business ) in the day ahead , sayuri , I be go to require all you trust . I have it , do not I ? sayuri nod . mameha ( cont would ) good ! then we only enemy be time . 70 ccut to : int . kitchen . okiya . [ winter ] sayuri dig through a stack of old newspaper near the stove . she tear one open and find : a black & white photograph of the Chairman . int . sayuri's room . night . [ winter ] alone , sayuri use a hair ornament to pry out the false bottom of a lacquer box . in the compartment , she place the news photo of the Chairman next to the same handkerchief he give she so many year ago . cuT to : ext . near mameha 's apt . day . [ spring ] sayuri hasten over the sonogawa footbridge . from she balcony . mameha watch 103 104 105 106 10/12/04 blue revision 71 int . mamehan apartment . day . [ spring ] 106 mameha use the tiny blade of a fold knife to open the seam of a beautiful maiko kimono . the maid usher sayuri in , then leave . sayuri ' onei-san . mameha tonight , we will deliver a quick blow to hatsumomo . hataki komi . sayuri how ? mameha drape the kimono on sayuri and check the split seam against sayuri 's right leg . mameha we will meet nobu-san at the tsunashima restaraunt . but * first .... a visit to Dr. crab ! mameha ' pinch the end of a smoulder charcoal pencil - sayuri Dr. crab ? mameha pull up sayuri 's kimono expose she leg . sayuri ( cont would ) onei-san ! mameha hold still . it 's a little nickname he have earn over the year . mameha poke she eyebrow charcoal into the slit to mark sayuri 's leg . sayuri look on bewilder . mameha ( cont would ) now cut you leg where I have mark it . sayuri ( shocked ) what ? mamebra or I will cut it for you . 107 72 * sayuri onei-san ... have you go mad ? mameha ( suddenly , harshly ) do you trust I , or do not you ? well ? mameha 's dead seridus . sayuri pick up the knife , she face a study in perplexion . sayuri could not I just pretend to have a stomach ache ? mameha go ahead ! do it ! sayuri swallow hard , then press the blade against the charcoal mark on she thigh . she give a gasp of pain . mameha say , almost with a lilt : . mameha ( cont no ) and now we go fishing for a certain crab ... int . dr . crab 's clinic & home . hanamachi . day . [ spring ] 107 dr . crab ( 45 , odd , meticulous ) wear a metal head reflector : dr . crab careless with the sewing scissors , be you ? mortify , sayuri lie on the examine table under a ghastly clinical light . she wear the kimono mameha prepare for she , open to expose she pale thigh . dr . crab ( cont no ) right through you beautiful kimono ... pity . he insert he forefinger through the slit and wiggle it , he finger graze sayuri 's skin . mameha it will not leave a scar , will it ? sayuri be a special girl at a very special time in she life . Dr. crab instantly understand the allusion , of course . 108 109 12/2/04 tan revised 73 dr . crab with that eye , you must be quite a commodity . he examine the cut , bring he face close to she leg . dr . crab ( cont have ) a clean cut . wo not leave a mark , I promise . but I no best prescribe a bit of antiseptic -- he smile down at sayuri as he finger massage some salve in a circular fashion all around the tiny red wound . omit 4108 ext : tsunashima restaraunt . night . [ spring ] 109 open-air verandas adjoin , decorate with glow lantern . on the lower veranda , hatsumomo attend the General and he military cronies . she display pumpkin to they like a china doll . the camera move on & we see : on the next veranda , nobu , the Chairman and businessmen chat amongst themselves . wrapped in fur-trimmed cloak over they kimono , mameha and sayuri prepare to enter . mameha show sayuri a tiny origami box that open -- like a bloom flower - - to reveal a sweet - rice cake with a dab of red . mameha ekubo . at the right moment , slip it to nobu. discreetly .. ( at she puzzle look ) he will know what it mean . the maids bring in trays . sayuri and mameha follow they in , kimono hem ruffling in a liquid flow . 10/27/04 salmon revision 74 for a fleeting moment , sayuri and the Chairman lock eye ; she skirt past he . the Chairman smile as mameha bow : mameha ( cont would ) konbanwa . at the General 's table , hatsumomo watch , amused , as sayuri obediently hurry to nobu 's side . nobu extend he sake cup to sayuri impatiently . . Il ' nobu you have keep we wait . mameha please forgive we , nobu-san . with a apologetic smile , sayuri quickly take up he bottle . sayuri see : hatsumomo , spilling gossip into the General 's ear . in response , the General glance over at nobu and laugh . then he whisper the gossip to the person next to he . soon , the scuttlebutt be circle the table . sayuri realize -- with a jolt -- that nobu be speak to she . nobu the Chairman think I should take more pleasure in life ... music , and the theater ! what be you impression ? the Chairman look to sayuri , curious to hear she answer . sayuri it be useless to push a cart sideways . the businessman laugh . sayuri blushes , amend : sayuri ( cont would ) one could not wish nobu-san to be anyone but nobu-san . chairman I could not agree more . he extend he cup to nobu warmly . chairman ( cont no ) I owe this man everything . kampai . everyone kampai . 2 10/27/04 salmon revision the man drink . nobu -- he give I too much credit , as usual -- 714a 10/27/04 salmon revision 75 the Chairman smile at nobu 's modesty . a may bring in a tray of fresh sake , and place it on the table . nobu produce a small box wrap in silk . he unwrap it , and hand it to sayuri . t nobu ( cont have ) ( downplay the gift ) it 's a trinket . I find it a few day ago . a awkward silence . sayuri , the Chairman and mameha be all speechless . finally : chairman why , nobu . I have no idea you be so sentimental . nobu call it my new leaf . the Chairman be quietly stunne . sayuri glance at mameha , uncertain how to respond . mameha give a signal nod : thank he . sayuri bow , blush : sayuri arigato gozaimasu . nobu my mother ... she use to wear something similar . nobu lift the lid of the box : a simple but elegant comb . sayuri just stare at it . nobu ( cont would ) you do not like it ? 110 10/27/04 salmon revision 76 sayuri forgive I , I have never receive a present before . a most unwelcome hatsumomo appear , pumpkin at she heel , en route to another affair : hatsumomo ' konbonwa . * ( she notice nobu 's gift ) * ah , what a beautiful comb ! * kneel , she take the comb from the box and -- with a surgeon 's precision - - place the comb in sayuri 's hair . hatsumomo ( cont would ) such a joyous moment , sayuri ! ( with a glance at nobu , * and then to sayuri ) * you be finally get what you deserve . as hatsumomo step away , sayuri lift she gaze in time to catch the Chairman 's guard expression . chairman how lovely . hatsumomo and pumpkin bow before leave : hatsumomo and now will you excuse we , please ? * we have another engagement . * ( to mameha ) * many , in fact . * ( as they leave ) * pumpkin ! * and -- like a sudden tsunami-- they vanish . discreetly , mameha produce from she sleeve the origami box : the mizuage cake . bow to nobu , sayuri covertly slip the box into he unscarre hand . fluster , nobu cover it with he scar hand at once . Chairman intuit what have happen , look away . sayuri whisper : sayuri you be most kind . ext . hanamachi . later . same night . [ spring ] 110 mameha hurry along , sayuri try to keep up . she look miserable , but mameha be elate : 77 J * mameha now -- ( hand she origami box ) -- give this one to Dr. crab . sayuri take the box , but blurt : sayuri mameha , please 's ! mameha ( surprised ) you be upset . sayuri I want to trust you , I do ! but you have to tell I what 's go on -- mameha ( she voice rise in defense ) I be ensure you future -- sayuri but tell I how ! TI beg you ! | J they step up into a rickshaw . mameha explain : mameha I be try to orchestrate a bid war . sayuri what for ? mameha you most precious attribute . sayuri and what be that ? mameha you mizuage . the rickshaw pull away . 111 ext . hanamachi - continuous 111 } Riding along in the rickshaw . aug-23-2825 17:38 from : 112 12/2/04 tan revised 79 cover walkway the rickshaw pull away in the backround as mameha lead sayuri briskly down a cover walkway . mameha ( cont would ) when. you sjip the rice cake to Dr. crab it be a sign that say you mizuage be ripe for sale . * ext . tanizato teahouse courtyard . night . [ spring ] 112 mameha and sayuri arrive at the entrance door . the tea house owner ( female , 60 , sophisticated ) stop they : teahouse owner fhe Doctor have no desire to see you tonight . - or any night . her sharp black eye go to sayuri accusingly and she shut the door . mameha and sayuri exchange a devastate look which say : '' hatsumomo ; who else ? '' ext / int . entrance & okiya corridor . night . [ spring ] 113 as sayuri approach , she hear hatsumomo berate pumpkin : hatsumomo's voice I spend the whole night sip sake and beer -- I need food , pumpkin ! noodle ! something ! go out and fetch it now ! pumpkin stumble down the steep tansu step , harry . she draw up short at the sight of sayuri and choke back sob . sayuri touch she but she push past : sayuri pumpkin ... pumpkin ... pumpkin I be not suppose to speak to you -- 80 sayuri hatsumomo can not treat you this way -- pumpkin -- she can treat I however she choose -- pumpkin groan inf frustration ; she sandal thong have break . sayuri quietly take it from she to repair it : sayuri why can not we speak , pumpkin ? you be my first friend in the world -- pumpkin we life have change now . sayuri hatsumomo go to see Dr. crab , yes ? pumpkin chiyo - chan , I have to go -- sayuri ( more pointedly now ) do not she ? pumpkin I do not know -~- sayuri of course you know -- you shadow she every step -- pumpkin -- if she do , would I tell you ? -- sayuri -- if you still care for I -- pumpkin -- you expect I to betray my big sister ? -- sayuri -- have she make you cruel , too -- pumpkin ( falter ) -- no -- 81 sayuri my pumpkin always tell the truth -- pumpkin -- but -- sayuri -- the truth !--- pumpkin fight she tear and finally break . she pull sayuri into the dirt corridor of the okiya : pumpkin tonight ... we go to the tanizato to see Dr. crab ! I sit outside , but I could still hear through the screen . hatsumomo -neisan say to he , '' I live in the same okiya as sayuri ! '' his eye get big , and he say '' really ? tell I everything about she ! '' and she say , '' oh , sir , I must not ! it would only curl you toe ! '' that make he even more curious . '' well , '' say hatsumomo -neisan , as smooth as silk , '' do you know that she bring man back to she room ? '' '' no ! '' he cry . '' common sailor , and fisherman , too , '' say hatsumomo - neisan . and the Doctor look queasy , like he do not want to hear anymore . but she keep go . '' at all hour , of the night , like a alleycat ! . '' and then the doctor get very quiet , and stare for the longest time at he hand . and hatsumomo - neisan say , '' what ' 's the matter ? have I tell you more than you want to know ? '' sayuri understand everything now . pumpkin ( cont would ) I want to say something but how could I , chiyo -chan , how ? ( then , still wince ) be I really like she ? be I ? sayuri of course not . pumpkin be mameha - san cruel to you , too ? 114 1/3/05 double GREEN revision sayuri no . she 's so kind to I , pumpkin . but sometimes I worry she 's take I further from the thing I want . sayuri help she slip on the mend sandal . ' pumprin that man , nobu. ( wrinkling she nose ) do you really like he ? sayurt ( sadly ) no. pumpkin that 's what I think . do you like someone else ? 82 sayuri look at pumpkin ; do she know ? sayuri blushes , and rise to leave : pumpkin ( cont would ) do not worry about I , chiyo -chan . I will be fine . better than fine . ( beat ) mother plan to adopt I . ' so my dream of have someplace to live out my life may come true . jhah - not ! . pumpkin hug sayuri then rush out . sayuri be stunne . ext . zen garden . day . [ spring ] as they walk , mameha and sayuri talk in low tone : mameha we can still prevent it . sayurit how ? hatsumomo have poison Dr. crab against mee mameha forget about he . there be plenty of other fish in the sea . sayuri the Chairman have be kind -- '' 114 115 116 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 83 mameha sayuri ! nobu and the Chairman be business paxtner . they would never bid against one another . ( beat ) ' it be time we cast a wider net -- mameha smile , the wheel in she head turn . CUT to : ext : hanamachi . day . rain . [ spring ] 115 rain fall mistily along the narrow side -street . hatsumomo dart homeward from the bathhouse . mameha ( v.0 . ) suppose you be the object of every man 's fantasy — — sayuri ( v.0 . ) what do you mean ? mameha ( v.0 . ) -- and become the most famous geisha in all Miyako -- sayuri ( v.0 . ) but I be not . mameha ( v.o. ) you will be --~ hatsumomo see a festival poster on a kiosk and stare in disbelief : the painting of a maiko with silver eye can only be sayuri . she tear it down with a '' rip . '' int . tatami room - okiya . day . 116 at the table sayuri , pumpkin , mother and auntie eat they meal . hatsumomo stalk in , the crumpled poster in she hand . hatsumomo who be responsible for this ? mother ask mameha . fumpkin stare at the poster , aghast . 117 118 84 pumpkin how do sayuri get to be the lead ? mother ( to pumpkin ) it 's you own fault ! you should practice more ! ( to hatsumomo ) you keep she otit too late , drag she from teahouse to teahouse -- hatsumomo look at sayuri , outrage . pumpkin ( still forlorn ) I want my picture make . hatsumomo ( to sayuri , insinuate ) what do mameha do ? speak to the director '' in private ? '' sayuri not every geisha use that kind of currency . hatsumomo I be look forward to you performance . ( with venom ) you know how I adore watch you dance , chiyo . she depart , with a flick of she finger upturn a dish of sauce over the poster of sayuri . int / ext . kaburenjo theatre and courtyard lobby . night . 117 theatre -goer dress in spring finery crowd the theatre entrance . rickshaws pull up in front . a elaborately decorate one carry the general and hatsumomo . blaze white lantern bank a huge poster of sayuri and she silvery eye . out in public , the image be even more impose . int . kaburenjo theatre and backstage . night . 118 from the wing we see 10 maiko on stage in identical costume ~ pumpkin among they , nervous and try hard -- twirling brilliantly color fan . a 119 85 sayuri ' 's hand tremble as she try in vain to slide a glass ornament into she hair . mameha glide into view in she mirror ; she press she cheek to sayuri 's and whisper : mameha they nve all come ... the Baron , nobu - san , we beloved hatsumomo and that dapper General of hers -- sayuri ( a tad too fervently ) anybody else ? mameha ( arching a eyebrow ) even you old friend , Dr. crab . gently , mameha take the glass ornament from sayuri 's nervous finger , and expertly place it in she coiffure . sayuri onei-san . what if I dance poorly - what if I disgrace myself , and no one take interest --? mameha shhhh . you will be glorious ! now it 's time . the hanamichi 119 a figure appear at the back of the house , dress as a courtesan in a ornate head - dress , in tall black lacquer shoe , carry a translucent parasol -- sayuri , make she entrance . '' snow '' fall as she dance she way along the mirrore hanamichi ( a long ramp that extend from the back of the house to the stage ) . when she spy the Chairman in the audience , she barely avert a stumble . close ups reveal mother , auntie , Mr. bekku , the General , hatsumomo , Dr. crab , the Baron , mameha , and nobu be watch from the audience . they be move by sayuri 's dance of unrequite love . the Chairman be particularly enthralled . as the dance come to a close -- and sayuri descend into the madness of grief -- she discard she parasol , step out of she shoe , lose she ornate cloak and soon fall weep on the hanamichi . the snow swirl around she . aug -23-2625 : from : p.36 aug-23-2885 17:35 from ! take care of .a little nuisance ? ; a that .a naughty secret : cee a at bs the Baron , embarri be ront of angere look . - mameha , stung , cover . aug-23-2885 17:37 from : aug-23-20@5 17:39 from : 122 123 124 89 mameha ( v.o. ) ( cont have ) there 's a reason hatsumomo want you there . i. know the Baron well , sayuri . he have a weakness for woman like we ... and he do not take refusal lightly ! ext . baron' gate . day .'[ spring ] 122 the limousine pull up to the Baron 's impressive gate . sayuri step out , follow by bekku . ext . baron' estate . day . [ spring ] 123 the Baron 's spacious japanese garden be dominate by a magnificent old cherry tree . peacock strut on the lawn . sayuri look for the Chairman to no avail . Mr. bekku follow she , aloof . the Baron 's wealthy party guest ~ in fashionable western clothes - take notice of sayuri . they crowd arourid she . flashbulb pop . the Chairman , strolling by himself , hear the activity and see sayuri , flustered , trap by the horde . he cut through - chairman Excuse I . sayuri . today , even the cherry blossom be envious of she . -- and escort a grateful sayuri to safety . chairman & sayuri , walking alone 124 as she stroll beside the Chairman , sayuri 's foot be not exactly on the ground . chairman something I have be want to say to you for some time now . sayuri 's wait with bate breath . then : crairman ( cont have ) I no like to ... to thank you for you attention to nobu . 90 ) sayuri ( hide disappointment ) oh ? chairman nobu can be a difficult man . so severe . hate party , sake only in moderation , and he disdain geisha . but ...he be fond of you . sayuri because you admire he , I respect he more . chairman he would never tell you himself ; he 's far too modest . we be fight in manchuria together . there be a explosion . he protect I from the worst of it . as you might imagine , I owe he quite a debt . sayuri nod , move . ) chairman ( cont would ) nobu 's teach I a great deal . patience , for one thing . I - ~ in turn -- have try to teach he . you have to savor life while you can . sayuri the lesson of the cherry blossom . chairman see ? that be why nobu like you . we must not expect happiness , sayuri . it be not something we deserve . when life go well , it 's a sudden gift . it can not last forever . like this moment . a shower of cherry petal surprise they . the Chairman smile down at sayuri as he gently remove each petal from she hair . the baron' voice ah sayuri , there you be . the Baron be above they on another path ; bekku lurk nearby . jd the baron I have a present for you . J 125 91 int : estate - later . day into evening . [ spring ] 125 as the Baron lead sayuri and Mr. bekku deep into he Art Deco mansion , the servant discreetly close the shoji door behind they . the baron mameha &sk I to show you my kimono collection ... it 's quite venerate . my grandfather and my father collect kimono before I . a shoji door slide shut , and Mr. bekku disappear . sayuri look back , alarmed . yet another shoji close , stranding she alone with the Baron in the heart of the house . the baron ( cont would ) I have give a number of valuable kimono to mameha ... I like to give present to beautiful girl . surround : they , burnish gold mirror . the Baron present she with a fold kimono : the baron ( cont no ) it 's yours . try it on . sayuri the Baron be too kind . I will happily try it on . with mameha - neisan , when the Baron return to Miyako -- the baron who know when that will be ? put it on . now . do not be shy . he pull she against he and reach behind she , jerk open the knot of she obi-jime ( obi cord ) . sayuri push away , but the silken obi cord spill to the mat . the baron ( cont no ) do not worry . I be experience in knotting obis . unty they as well . sayuri please ... the Baron take she hand , force it against the bristle of he cheek . then he turn she palm upward , graze it with he lip . sayuri try to wrest she hand away . 92 sayuri ( cont no ) Mr. bekku be wait -- the baron bekku 's wait for no one . he begin to unwind she obi . sayuri see the Chairman 's handkerchief fall to the floor . ' she kneel and grab it quickly . in that moment the Baron unfasten the datejime -- the waistband underneath the obi . her kimono release in front . sayuri give a cry and clutches at the fabric , desperate to conceal herself . the Baron grab she from behind , pin she arm back . he look at she in the mirror ahead : she kimono open , she eye close , and she head turn away so that the curve of she neck be expose . he nuzzle she . sayuri stop , please . stop now . undaunted , the Baron drop she outer kimono and it puddle around she . she stand -- almost naked -- in she underkimono . he release that , too . her under- kimono fall open . shamelessly , he reach under it . she try to resist , but hand scuttle across she flesh like spider . sayuri ( cont 'd ) ( cont no ) no. no ... the Baron unty she final garment . with a whisper of silk , he loosen the koshimaki ( final layer ) from around she hip . sayuri sob , and kneel low in a effort to hide she breast . the Baron kneel beside she , and coo tenderly : the baron sayuri , I only want to have a look . nothing wrong in that . any man would do the same . as slowly as a parent might peel the cover from a sleep child , he ope sayuri 's underrobe . her beautiful back ... the heart - shape curve of she naked hip ... she tabi-feet peek out from beneath ... slowly he force she to sit up , whisper , coax , begging she to stand naked before the glass . sayuri turn she face away , squeezing she eye shut . clenched in she fist , the Chairman 's handkerchief . 126 127 93 as the Baron admire she body , he slip he own hand into the dank crevice of he own kimono , to pleasure himself . sayuri , weep silently ; the very portrait of both beauty and humiliation . suddenly , she turn to he . her eye be swim with tear . they pierce he soul . moment later . t the slide door slide open and the Baron stride out . behind he on the floor , sayuri lie , cast aside amidst a pile of silk . cut to : int : entrance of okiya . next day . [ spring ] 126 auntie pull back the door to reveal mameha . she be dress in formal black , and austere with anger . ext . okiya . veranda and back garden [ spring ] 127 sayuri enter and bow . sayuri 's voice onei-san . mameha I hear a message on the wind . alone with mameha , sayuri stand , head bow : mameha ( cont have ) so careless ! ( choke back furious sob ) you have ruin all we plan ! sayurl I do nothing ! mameha please , sayuri , do not insult I -- I know the Baron better than that -- sayuri he give I a kimono - mameha you sell yourself for a kimono ?? 128 94 sayuri I do not sell myself ! she see - - to she dismay -- that mameha be unconvince . mameha today 's the day I accept bid for you mizuage ! well , what price can I hope to demand , with a finger point at you back ? sayuri he look at I . that 's all , onei - san . -- which only wound mameha more . mameha you will be examine at the mizuage ceremony . if you be find to be worthless - sayuri - I be not worthless ! with a sorrowful look , mameha leave . int : tatami room . & mother 's room -okiya . day into evening . 128 [ spring ] see through a slight open in the shoji : mameha be sequester in mother 's private office , manage the bid for sayuri 's mizuage . she negotiate on mother 's telephone . in the tatami room , auntie keep check the wrist - watch she keep tuck in she obi . everyone be wait : sayuri , pumpkin , auntie too . they hear the telephone ring , and the prompt click as mameha grab it . hatsumomo saunter in eat a yellow plum . hatsumomo how much longer be this go to take ? sayuri do not gratify hatsumomo with a reaction . the telephone ring again . hatsumomo ( cont would ) besides , who want a plum , when someone have already have a bite ? 10/12/04 blue revision 95 she and bekku exchange a covert look of triumph . sayuri hear the shoji door slide open . mameha step out , and pass mother a slip of . paper . hatsumomo scoff . hatsumomo ( cont would ) what be it ? twenty yen ? thirty ? mother fix she glass to she nose and peer at it anxiously : ' . mother this can not be the right amount -- mameha I trust you agree ; I have win the wager . mother gape at sayuri , mute . mameha ( cont have ) sayuri 's make history . no mizuage have ever be sell for more . not even mine . ( a dramatic pause , and then ) Fifteen thousand yen . sayuri stare , stunne . hatsumomo and pumpkin be floor . bekku choke , auntie begin to cry . auntie unbelievable . sayuri arigato gozaimasu , oneisan . mother of course none of it will go to sayuri . or to you , mameha . this stop mameha , short . mother announce smugly : mother ( cont would ) it go to this okiya . all fifteen thousand yen -- to this estate -- sayuri I do not understand -- mother -- which sayuri will inherit , as my adopt daughter . vy 10/12/04 blue revision 96 gasp all around . pumpkin ( weakly ) what ? hatsumomo ( enraged ) you would not dare - — mother ( flaring too ) I be entitle to do as I choose -- hatsumomo but you promise the okiya to pumpkin -- mother ( scoffing at pumpkin ) look at she ! still a virgin maiko ! choke back sob , pumpkin bolt from the room . sayuri watch after she , she glee momentarily dimme : sayuri can not you adopt we both ? mother quiet , sayuri ! ( back to hatsumomo ) I '' no fool . pumpkin would only be you puppet . how long will it take before you kick we out onto the street -- hatsumomo but I have give you my life -- mother yes ! you impudence ! you foul temper ! hatsumomo who pay for the silk on you back ? the rice in you bowl ? the tobacco in that pipe of yours ? mother do not exaggerate ! you have never even have a danna - - no , oh no -- 97 hatsumomo ( sense what 's to come ) do not say it -- . mother you choose that no - good koichi -~- hatsumomo stop itt ' mother sneak through you window at all hour of the night -- hatsumomo enough ! mother not like a geisha- - like a common prostitute !-- batsumomo quiet ! mother besides , you be get old . a icy chill descend between the two woman . mother ( cont would ) but sayuri ... sayuri be destine to become a legend . simmer , hatsumomo start to leave . hatsumomo my dear , okasan ... we will see , will not we ? mother turn to she newly - adopt daughter : mother sayuri , you room be too small . take hatsumomo 's . this stop hatsumomo cold in she track ; she shoot sayuri a look that say , '' I be not do with yet . '' mother ( cont would ) from now on , you name be nitta sayuri . 129 10/12/04 blue revision 98 mother ( cont would ) ( to sayuri ) you may thank I . sayuri , speechless , bow . with a flare of she kimono , hatsumomo be go . mameha excuse herself to sayuri and mother : mameha I be happy to forsake my share of * the money , on sayuri 's behalf . as * Miyako 's most renowned geisha , she * will no doubt be a credit to we * all . * she turn to sayuri , and say soulfully : * mameha ( cont would ) * May I congratulate you both . mameha bow and leave . sayuri hurry after she : ext . okiya . night . [ spring ] 129 sayuri catch mameha in the street : : * sayuri oneisan ! ( she voice choke with * gratitude ) * everything we want , you make happen . thank you . she realize mameha be suppress tear . mameha be not success sweet ? sayuri May I ask who -- mameha Dr. crab . from sayuri , a sharp intake of breath . sayuri be nobu disappointed ? mameha try to keep she voice even : 10/12/04 blue revision 98a 's mameha nobu do not bid . it be against he mighty principal . ( beat , then painfully ) Dr. crab be oppose by the Baron . my Baron . you want to know the truth , sayuri ? {a difficult confession ) he be the high bidder . forgive I ... but I let it go to Dr. crab . I think you understand why . 130 131 10/12/04 blue revision 99 sayuri I swear to you , I be innocent - mameha of course you be ! wo man would bid so much for a thing he have already take . it be my own fault . I do not protect you . : and then mameha brushes aside this serious thought in favor * of a more tender one : * mameha ( cont have ) * celebrate this moment , sayuri . * tonight , the light in the * hanamachi all burn for you . * she bow a deeply respectful bow . sayuri return it . omit 130 int . dr . crab ‘s clinic & home . evening . [ spring ] 131 under a clinical light , Dr. crab prepare a futon with white hospital sheet . he set a high pillow at one end of the futon , and a low pillow next to it for himself . he smooth a hospital towel across the mid-section . sayuri be lead in to the room by Dr. crab 's elderly may . sayuri wear a pretty kimono robe . the may close the shoji screen and exit . crab open a wooden case that contain twenty or thirty seal vial . in each be a brown-stain wad of cotton . Dr. crab open a empty vial and fastidiously prepare a square of clean gauze . he take up a pen and write a label : '' sayuri . '' we see among the vial , similarly mark : each be label with a geisha 's name . among they be a vial mark : '' mameha '' . Dr. crab indicate the futon and help sayuri lie down . he settles she head on the high pillow . he lift she hip and slip the towel . under she . he adjust the light , and loosen the tie around she robe . he unty he own . he open she kimono as he body move in to obliterate hers . time CUT to : 132 133 134 10/15/04 yellow revision 100 ext . hanamachi . night . [ spring ] sayuri return from she vigit to Dr. crab in a rickshaw ; she look resplendent in a yellow silk kimono . its collar be now a vivid white . int . okiya . night . [ spring ] the shoji screen . to the tatami room be open ; sayuri enter to find mother wait . mother rise and come to she ; in sayuri 's face , 4 change : the knowledge she have enter a new realm . tenderly , mother cradle sayuri 's face in she hand . mother my daughter . you have turn the collar . you be a full geisha now . sayuri smile , coy but proud . she hurry up the tansu stair to she room : int . sayuri be new room ( hatsumomo's old room ) . night . [ spring } hatsumomo , lounge on sayuri 's futon with she back to the door . a single oil lamp on a low table light the room : sayuri what be you do in my room ? with a sardonic smile , hatsumomo rank : welcome sayuri into she own hatsumomo I come to congratulate you . sayuri please get out . hatsumomo laugh , and roll over to reveal : she 's find sayuri 's lacquer box and be rifling through she keepsake ! the photo of the Chairman , the handkerchief -- hatsumomo why , little chiyo ! look what I find . ( more ) 132 133 134 10/15/04 yellow revision 101 hatsumomo = ( cont would ) ( be : handkerchief ) -- he initial ; how elegant . you nve be hide this for a long time -- hatsumomo dip the handkerchief into a oil lamp . hatsumomo ( cont have ) the sacrifice every geisha must make -- sayuri do not . sayuri lunge for she . hatsumomo fall against a kimono mount on display rod . sayuri grapples for the Chairman 's handkerchief . hatsumomo skirt away and run to hatsumomon room ( sayuri 's old room ) - — -- and try to slam the shoji on sayuri 's hand , but sayuri get in . hatsumomo stuff the handkerchief into she kimono : hatsumomo be not this where you keep it ? next to you heart ? sayuri rip hatsumomo 's kimono open . as they struggle for the handkerchief , sayuri 's hair ornament fall out onto the floor ; it have a long lethal - nlook double - pronge shaft with point tip . both woman seize on the same think : it be a weapon . hatsumomo dart for the ornament but sayuri snatch it up and hold it like a knife . hatsumomo try to wrench it from she . in a counter - move , with sumo- like agility : sayuri release the hair ornament to grab the handkerchief away from hatsumomo . with a cry , hatsumomo fly at she , stabbing at sayuri with the lethal hair pin . sayuri flee - -- into the corridor , where she knock into one of several oil lamp . it sway crazily , make bizarre shadow . sayuri duck away . hatsumomo yank sayuri back , off -balance . sayuri twist free but stumble and nearly fall down the tansu stair . she catch herself . hatsumomo swipe at she with the hair pin . sayuri recover and run into her own room , slamm the shoji . hatsumomo stab the fragile old rice paper , puncture it so -- eee of * ** * 10/15/04 yellow revision 102 -- the hair pin barely miss sayuri 's face on the other side . sayuri recoil . hatsumomo throw open the shoji with a madwoman 's strength . she run at sayuri -~ sayuri deflect the blow with a pillow . hatsumomo slashes the pillow , and buckwheat husk fly . sayuri throw the pillow at hastumomo 's face . hatsumomo swipe blindly with the hairpin , hack away at the air -- 1 , mother bring down she bamboo stick , hard . hatsumomo give a cry of pain and grab she wrist . the hair pin fall . mother pick it up . mother ( to hatsumomo ) I should have kick you out long ago . hatsumomo be breathe in frantic gasp , clutching she wrist , she clothing tear and she hair wild . hatsumomo i’ should have leave long ago ! mother get out ! hatsumomo very well ... but before I go , let I end this ... my gift to all of youl ! she pick up the oil lamp and throw 's it at sayuri 's kimono . they ignite , sparking a flame . in great gulp , FIRE devour the water image on one of sayuri 's kimono . mother grab sayuri 's quilt and try to smother the flame . sayuri snatch she kimono , try to save they . inspire now , hatsumome bolt for the corridor and grab another oil lamp off the wall . she hurl it toward sayuri , who duck . the lamp crash against a rice paper wall , and ignites it . pumpkin rush up the tansu stair . hatsumomo crack a oil lamp against the wall , shower glass on pumpkin . shaken , pumpkin retreat down the stair . in the kimono room , auntie desperately grab red lacquer box . pumpkin rush to she aid . 5 upstair , 10/15/04 yellow revision 102a the okiya start to scorch and cinder . hatsumomo sink down amongst the flame , which be as angry as the fire in she eye . cur to : 135 136 137 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 103 int . / ext : okiya . dawn . [ spring ] 135 aftermath and a red sky . '' in the quiet dawn , hatsumomo walk away , bereft of everything , even she household possession . * she turn back to stare at the okiya a final time , she face * smear with ash . | : * the second floor be blacken by fire , but the house still * stand . through the skeletal frame of a shoji screen window , * sayuri watch as hatsumomo turn , vanish into the mist . * from above , the menacing roar of airplane . a formation of * allied bomber fly low over the torii gate , they * bilhovuettes terrifying against the reddish sky . * suddenly , the lurching roar of military truck -- ext . hanamachi & shinto shrine - dawn . [ winter ] 136 --truck wheel turn as japanese military truck cross the bridge into the hanamachi . japanese soldier unload and disperse , begin pound on door of okiyas . a truck fitte with a loudspeaker cruise by : truck loudspeaker '' this sector be to be evacuate , everyone mist leave . - this district be close by official order . please cooperate ... '' ext . yukimoto teahouse & hanamachi STREET . dusk . [ winter ] 137 the teahouse lantern be extinguish . theatre poster peel on the long wall where geisha huddle in cluster , belonging heape around they . soldier patrol as the geisha wait . military truck arrive . soldier herd a group of frighten geisha into the back compartment . they toss aside the geishas ' belonging - not enough room in the truck . korin fight to be allow onto the truck . Chairman step down from a truck and pay the soldier -- he have bribe he way into the hanamachi . Chairman stride off , follow at a respectful distance by a elderly servant . Chairman walk past geisha huddie on the ground , wrap in quilt and finery . some geisha cook over tiny fire . other sell they finery to each other . money change hand . Chairman keep search . d) 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 103a the SOUND of more bomber pass overhead . sayuri , consol mameha , look up to see the Chairman stride toward they . mameha give a relieved cry : 104 mameha Chairman ! they be send we away , but they will not say where -- chairman osaka , to work in the factory . but you must not go . the city be a prime target ; they have already bomb the train station . get you thing , quickly . sayuri & mameha take they bundle . sayuri grab she shamisen . the Chairman lead they toward rickshaw : chairman ( cont have ) nobu and I be try to find safe haven for as many of you as we can . here — he pass mameha to a driver and hand she a certificate -- chairman ( cont no ) - work certificate . nurse 's aid in wadayama . best I could do . friend of mine be Chief surgeon there . hurry ! ( to rickshaw driver ) take care of she . the rickshaw Driver assist mameha into he rickshaw . mameha realize that she and sayuri be to be separate : mameha sayuri-chan ! I will write to you ! sayuri oneisan ! Chairman have hand sayuri 's bundle to the elderly servant : chairman this be arima ; he will take you into the hill . nobu have get a friend there ; a kimono-maker . he be sewing parachute now . ( give she certificate ) anyone stop you , show they this . sayuri do I have to go ? chairman it 's remote , you will be safe --- 138 139 140 141 142 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 105 sayuri what about you ? you say osaka be dangerous --- chairman we factory 's there . I have no choice . ( then ) : I will express you gratitude to nebu-san . her gaze be lock on he as she rickshaw pulis away . sayuri ‘s voice because I have endure starvation and hard work before , I know I could survive . omit omit omit omi ? ext . rural river . miyaro hill . 1945 . day [ autumn ] . the ominous reflection of airplane in dark water the water ripple in they tremble wake . sayuri's voice { cont ‘d ) but for what purpose ? the war be so devastating , so brutal . we be not merely defeat ... we be destroy . Whole city evaporate in cloud of smoke . * +e of 138 139 140 141 142 ee of 143 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 106 a inky red liquid the color of blood begin to course through the water 's current , billow in sanguine cloud . sayuri ‘s voice ( cont would ) the people I know ... after year of blood - shed , what terrible fate have befallen they ? we follow the bloodish liquid down its watery path ... where will it take we ? toward some terrible carnage ? sayuri ‘s voice ( cont would ) most of all , the Chairman . now , we see the source of the tincture : long bolt of cloth , newly dyed , unfurl in the water like float banner . sayuri's voice ( cont no ) be he even alive ? and if s50 ... would he even remember ? I think of my old life as a geisha in the hanamachi . it feel as remote - - as hazy -- as a dream . stand knee - deep in a river , she clothing roll to she waist , a peasant woman : we barely recognize that it 's sayuri . the kimono maker arashino ( middle - age , weathered , kind ) oversee as she and a host of other worker rinse they textiles . arashino when you have finish , you can string it up to dry , along with the other . sayuri raise she hand from the stream ; she skin be stain with dye . later near the river : tail bamboo pole suspend billow '' prayer flag " of drying kimono fabric . among other worker , sayuri hang the fabric . a youth hurry to she , call - youth sayuri . a man from osaka have come the see you . sayuri drop she work and push through the wilderness of flutter silk panel . as she hasten , she pull a peasant 's scarf off and try to neaten she hair . id +e 143 * 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 106a her heart in she throat , sayuri see a man in a fedora make he way toward she through the luminescent banner of silk . she believe for a moment it be the Chairman . the silk lift , and she heart fall : the man be nobu. 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 107 144 later : 144 nobu and sayuri wander among the siik banner : nobu General tottori be capture , and try ad a war 's criminal . the Baron lose he fortune and commit suicide - — sayuri what about the okiya ? nobu Mr. bekku be go , but the other -- sayuri auntie and mother ? nobu ( with a smile ) -- indestructible as always . sayuri summmon the courage to ask the foremost question on hex mind . sayuri and the Chairman ? nobu as well as can be expect . from he pocket , nobu take a tiny shard of concrete rubble : nobu ( cont would ) this be all that remain of we factory . she touch he tenderly . sayuri I be so sorry , nobu-san . nobu sayuri , we want to rebuild . but to * do that , we will need you help . sayuri what can I do ? 1/3/05 double GREEN revision nobu somewhere under that rag ... be you still the great geisha in Miyako ? ° sayuri hide she stain hand , sayuri {with a rueful laugh ) if a tree have no leave or branch , can you still call it a tree ? nobu with nothing but rubble at my foot , can I still call myself a business man ? 108 he take she work - wear hand in he , notice its roughen * and patchy stain . nobu ( cont would ) I should have take better care of you . sayuri please . you save my life . I owe you so much in return . : he give she hand a affectionate squeeze . nobu the Chairman and I need american financing . there 's a man - ~a . certain Colonel ] derrick -- who have the power to grant we a contract . I show he you picture . he request to meet you . ee er of > ~ ww 145 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 109 he look at she , imploringly . * nobu ( cont have ) } I be not a persuasive man , sayuri . but ... if you and a few geisha would * once again put on you kimono and join we -- we could show the * anherican how hospitable we * country can be -- * sayuri ( with long ) how I wish , nobu-san ! but - that be a long time ago . nobu I have no doubt , sayuri , that you could still melt the heart of any man , ho matter how resistant . this slightly bald confession give sayuri pause ; she do not want to encourage nobu . nobu ( cont would ) I be not accustom to begging . but please know that -- if you consent -- the Chairman and I would be most grateful . just he name exert its inexorable pull . sayuri 's tear . what should she do ? ext : the hanamachi . day . [ autumn ] . 145 dress in peasant work trousers , she hair in a long tail , carry a very small bundle , sayuri cross the bridge into the hanamachi , past the shinto shrine . she be stunne to see a world utterly transformed and corrupt : 146 147 110 on the main street , souvenir shop sell tea set and cheap cotton kimono : '' kimono $ $ 20 $ $ " . american flag be plaster everywhere ; american jeep clog the street . a restaurant tout '' ham burger '' . at a shop , women stamp a '' geisha face '' on score of identical plaster doll in paper kimono . cluster of american g.i.s in '' civvy '' weave down the street - they be drunk in broad daylight . the g.i.s shout at sayuri , overly - friendly : drunken g.i. hey , mama-san ! where ya go ? etc sayuri evade by ducking into a alley . she emerge at : ext : tanizato teahouse . day . [ autumn ] 146 american g.i.s stand in a long queue , watch by mps under sign : '' 1 chit per g.i . '' '' you must accept the girl you be assigned . '' at the entry , sayuri see : japanese prostitute in cheap kimono greet the g.i.s. mameha 's voice tell nobu there be so few genuine geisha leave in Miyako ! int : mameha 's apartment . day . [ autumn ] 147 mameha 's place be run-down ; divide by makeshift curtain into small room . mameha be elegant even in a cotton kimono with a fray white collar ; but she have a shattered quality now ; a fragility sayuri have not see before . mameha ( cont 'd ) only '' geesha girl " ! every hooker with a paint face and a silk kimono say she 's one of we ! no one can tell the difference anymore ! sayurl all the more reason for we to oblige he -- mameha why ? sayuri to show they the truth of who we be -- not the common woman they believe we to be -- 111 mameha sayuri ... when my poor Baron fill he pocket with stone ... I be desperate . what could I do ? I sell my kimono . I trade my jade comb for ration . it be painful at first , but I have make my peace . a female boarder carry ' her baby through the room , en route to the street . when she 's out of ear-shot , mameha continue : mameha ( cont would ) now I make a small but tidy live , rent room . I be not about to start chase the past -- sayuri it might do you good . mameha how ? sayuri to remind you that -- once with a single glance -- you could bring a man like the Baron to he knee . mameha 's conviction falter . she 's tempt now . mameha well ... I do keep one kimono . sayuri look up , hopeful . mameha rummages among she thing and take out a ornate kimono box : mameha ( cont would ) the Baron give it to I , when he become my danna . they reverently caress the fabric : gorgeous relic of a time now lose . saruyi 's eye brim with gratitude . sayuri thank -you , o-neisan . mameha so tell I . what do we know about entertaining Americans ? J 148 149 150 112 ext : yukimoto teahouse . day . [ autumn ] 148 across japanese poster be plaster u.s.o. canteen announcement and g.i. graffiti : '' kilroy be here '' . int . yukimoto teahouse . day . [ autumn ] , 149 bare-chest american g.i.s in boxer short and dog-tag spill out of a tea room , laugh . drunken service men clumsily dance with fan to a record player 's american pop music . one GI strum a shamisen as if it be a guitar . pumpkin , in a garish kimono with dog tag around she neck and a officer 's cap on she head , '' teach '' they , laugh and flirt and smoking a cigarette between she tooth . a g.i. kiss pumpkin on the mouth . pumpkin see a peasant girl watch from the corridor : the peasant girl be sayuri . pumpkin ( with a squeal ) chiyo ? hey , chiyo -chan ! be that you ? int / ext : run -down noodle bar - hanamachi . night . [ autumn ] . 150 broken-hearted japanese music whine . wedge at a tiny noodle bar , pumpkin slurp she soup and smoke at the same time . steam rise from pot , half - obscure people wait behind they : working CLASS japanese and a few american gis . sayuri I have no right to ask favor of you , pumpkin . I know that -- pumpkin ignore sayuri 's remark , and say blithely : pumpkin guess what ? I only smoke chesterfield now . sayuri I have want to apologize to you for so long -- about the okiya -- 113 pumpkin ( still ignore she ) this soldier - boy , you know who they have get I sing -- sayuri -- it should have go to you , not I -- ! ' pumpkin -- Frank Sinatra , and dinah shore -- sayuri -- if it be in you heart to forgive I -~ pumpkin ( abruptly ) sayuri , do not . pumpkin look at sayuri . underneath she tough demeanor , sayuri can still see the impish spirit of she old friend . pumpkin ( cont no ) the honest truth ? I no rather chew sand than go back to all that . sayuri then you be not angry with I ? pumpkin exhales , blow smoke . pumpkin do not worry about I , chickadee - I have get more client than I can handle . sayuri you seem so at home with this Americans . pumpkin ( with a sly wink ) they nre bastard . ( beat ) so who 's this Colonel ? sound like top brass . sayuri he have the power to approve american financing for nobu and the Chairman . 151 152 153 154 155 114 pumpkin slurp she soup , finish it -- pumpkin so be he willing to pay we american dollar ? Cash ? she lock at sayuri expectantly , hunger in she eye . int . tatami room - okiya . night . [ autumn ] . 151 western sofa and chair dominate the room , which be stack with liquor and cigarettes , sewing machine part , light bulb , samurai sword , k-ration - anything that can be sell on the black -market . in a haze of tobacco smoke , a woman with bobbe hair talk on the telephone . the black - marketer be mother . mother do not waste my time . you think I be a sucker ? I want sixty case lucky Strike or I be take my business to sergeant macphee ... kiko ( 9 , auntie 's new girl ) run through , carry towel to - kitchen 152 sayuri 's wet hair stream down the back of she under-kimono . sayuri scrub she hand ruthlessly in a steaming little bowl of bleach and water , use a hard brush . kimono room 153 sayuri dig through the stack of black market goods pile high in the kimono room . she find a lone dusty kimono box and open it . sayuri's room . 154 with she sewing box open on the floor , sayuri expertly sew a new collar onto the fray old kimono . int : sayuri ’'s room - okiya . next day . [ autumn ] 155 sayuri 's hair be smoothe into a modest twist . she wear the newly-repaired kimono . she stare : trace of Miyako 's most celebrate geisha , restore . auntie ( older , thin ) tie she obi . kiko watch . auntie finish : 156 12/2/04 tan revised 115 auntie see ? you be yourself again . ext . landing strip with hangar . day . [ autumn ] 156 on the tarmac , a U.S. transport plane idle . at the open hangar door a U.S. army jeep deposit sayuri . she see : the Chairman , stand alone , he back to she . sayuri approach , she heart pound . the Chairman turn : chairman / sayuri , just look at you . it 's as if the war never happen . his face open in a smile . sayuri bow , overcome . sayuri I be so glad to see that the Chairman be safe . chairman please accept my apology , ask this of you -- sayuri there be nothing I can do to return you kindness . but even as she speak , a voice intrude - nobu ( 0.c. ) sayuri ! then she see : the Chairman be with nobu and mameha ( elegant in a kimono ) and two AMERICANS - colonel derrick ( 50 , career Army ) be worldly , with a off - the-cuff charm that mask he * baser appetite . his Lieutenant , hutchin ( 32 , West Point ) -- * be considerably greener and more impressionable -- * nobu ( cont would ) * May I present Colonel derrick . with a coy smile sayuri bow ; derrick follow suit . * derrick konichiwa . you be even more * stun in person . my associate , * Lieutenant hutchin . ( to hutchin ) sayuri be one of the Mystery of the orient I have tell you about - ~ * 116 sayuri a mystery that perhaps you can solve . hutchin hold up a camera : hutchin would you mind ? sayuri 's eye meet the Chairman 's briefly . he smile , sympathetic . the Colonel offer sayuri he arm and a suave smile ; she accept both . together , they pose . sayuri a perfect souvenir . she smile , demurely . the camera flash . pumpkin 's voice who like whiskey ?? a Army Jeep have pull up . pumpkin jump down with a happy squeal , wear a colorful kimono and wave a bottle of scotch . for she , the party 's already start . pumpkin ( cont 'd ) Chairman , do not tell I you start the party without I . the propeller breeze lift pumpkin 's skirt and pumpkin give a happy shriek . hutchin ( under he breath to derrick ) she 's a live wire ... chairman May I present - pumpkin . the Lieutenant snap a picture , to pumpkin ' 's apparent delight . mameha and sayuri exchange a look , mortify for she . nobu gentlemen ? nobu usher they across the tarmac , pumpkin pretend to pull the Chairman by the necktie , and derrick escort sayuri . J 157 158 117 int . military plane . day . 157 in the cramped fuselage , the whir of the engine be deafen . derrick flip down bench , and proffer seat to sayuri : derrick please , 'be my ' guest -- sayuri can not hear a word , , and look at he helplessly . derrick ( cont would ) {again , above the roar ) -- have a seat , won't you ? sayuri glance toward the Chairman , hope to sit close to he . but pumpkin have already claim he , pull he down on the opposite bench . mameha sit on he other side . and hutchin -- he Adams apple bob in he throat -- sidle down next to pumpkin , clearly smitten . what can sayuri do but respond : sayuri ( to derrick ) thank you , I be most grateful -- he tug on he ear ; what ? sayuri ( cont would ) -- perfect . yes . dispirite , sayuri sink down to find herself cramped between derrick and nobu . in the din , talk be futile . the Colonel smile at she , and she offer a coquettish glance . but she can not help stare at the Chairman longingly , as he , mameha and pumpkin all dissolve into giggle over a joke she cannot hear . ext . takamaya hot spring resort . late day . [ autumn ] 158 sayuri - ~ in a robe -- pad through the woman 's dress area en route to the natural , lagoon - like hot spring . she hear voice and laughter . sayuri take off she robe behind the wall of the dress area , and modestly slip into the spa water . pumpkin do not be shy , gentleman ! 12/3/04 double blue revision 118 '' ) pumpkin gesture to the man to come and join the lady ; she , and mameha be already relax in the pool . derrick , hutchin , nobu and the Chairman slide over to they . by japanese custom , everyone be naked . a wooden tray float , hold bottle of sake . hutchin back home , a bath be nothing but a ' quick shower on cold tile with a bar of lye soap -- derrick ( with a expansive sigh ) ah , but here , you make everything a ritual , do not you ? sayuri that be the art of turn habit into pleasure , Colonel . derrick Said like a true geisha ! nobu nod , but he face betray a slight wince . ) chairman if we be in business together , then perhaps we will visit you some day . I no love to see the United States . hutchin why , sure . we could teach you some of we custom . like fork and proper chair and what it feel like to sleep on a real mattress - — — pumpkin bulldoze in : pumpkin ( already drunk ) I know a little game we can play . it 's call '' Truth and lies . '' derrick I know that game , too . back home , they call it '' marriage . '' hearty male laughter all around . J 119 pumpkin ( giggle ) . no ! I '' serious . now listen closely . sayuri know the rule -- hutchin I never meet a woman who do not ! more laughter , louder from the Americans than the japanese . sayuri ( acquiescing ) each person say two thing . one be true ; the other be not . pumpkin if you guess right , the liar pay the price . - demonstrate the price : a big swallow of sake right from the bottle . the man laugh . '' derrick so it pay to lose ! laughter , louder from the Americans than the japanese . pumpkin try to think of a story - pumpkin I go first ! now let I see ... one day in sapporo , where I be bear , a fisherman catch a talk fish . trouble be , it only speak Russian - - chairman ~ the other story be the true one , and I have not even hear it yet ! everyone laugh . pumpkin push the Chairman , flirt : pumpkin if I drow , it 's all you fault . -- take a big swallow of sake . she tip backward in the water and Chairman have to catch she . sayuri and mameha exchange a look : pumpkin 's behavior be crossing the line . chairman you turn , nobu-san . nobu ( decline to play ) I be no match for this geisha ; ( more ) 120 nobu ( cont would ) they be expert in the art of deceit . pumpkin sayuri , maybe . I be a expert in one thing and one thing only : sake ! Chairman float the tray of sake over to sayuri : chairman sayuri . the truest story you know . all eye be on sayuri . she gather she courage . when she start to speak , the timbre in the room change ; from raucous to almost reverential . sayuri once when I be a little girl ... on the bank of the sonogawa ... a handsome stranger give I a cup of ice -- ice that taste as sweet as a mid-summer plum -- the Chairman and mameha exchange a look . in mameha 's eye , a implicit challenge to the Chairman : will you or will you not acknowledge the truth of sayuri 's story ? the Chairman 's about to blush ; then he interrupt : chairman I think we have to stop the game . pumpkin giggle , very drunk . chairman ( cont no ) if pumpkin drink any more sake , she will pass out . pumpkin now that - be a true story . everyone laugh . sayuri look at the Chairman , crestfalien . chairman here - mameha - sayuri - help she . and the party start to break up . mameha help the limp pumpkin out of the pool and into she bathing kimono . as sayuri start to climb out of the water , derrick corner she : derrick so...ah ... what 's the protocol ? 159 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 121 sayuri Excuse I ? derrick suppose I want to see you . in private . sayuri watch as the Chairman gently guide a hapless pumpkin toward the dress room ; pumpkin rest she head on he shoulder . sayuri I beg you pardon , Colonel ; that be not a geisha ' 's custom -- derrick if it 's a question of price -- sayuri if there be a price , you could never afford it -- nobu look on , jealous , even as sayuri rebuke the Colonel , darting under he arm and get away -- derrick wait -- now just a minute -- int . gazebo - a short time later . night . [ autumn ] 159 nobu turn angrily on sayuri -- : * nobu I see the two of you whisper -- you have arrange some kind of tryst , have not you — — sayuri match he rage with she own : sayuri what do you promise he ? glaring at she , he pour himself a glass of whiskey . nobu you company ! nothing more ! sayuri be seem to expect a great deal --! y 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 122 nobu if I have want a common whore , I could have hire one --- sayurt what be you try to say -- nobu just the idea of you with he -- with any man- - you would be dead to not , sayuri - -- nobu siam he glass on the table so hard it shatter . nobu ( cont have ) can not you see that I want you for myself ? be open he hand . in it , shard of glass . blood crease he palm . sayuri grab a cloth but nobu wave she off angrily -- nobu {cont ' d ) you have ruin I . before we meet , I be a discipline man . he do not let she assist as he wrap he hand with cloth . nobu ( cont would ) I should not have ask you to come . the Chairman be against it ; I should have listen to he . sayuri stare at the floor , and say quietly : sayuri ( stare down ) I must beg you forgiveness , nobu - san . I be foolish to think you would barter I away . nobu then you make no arrangement with the Colonel -- sayuri please . do not insult I again . nobu look up at she , he eye rimmed in red . 160 161 1/9/05 double salmon revision 123 nobu if he ratify we contract , then T will be a man of mean again . there be nothing I want more , sayuri ..- than to become you danna . ' sayuri ( blanching ) I already owe you far too much -- nobu 1 will not be refuse ! sayuri please -- nobu -- we be tie to each other , I know you feel it too -- I never sayuri mean to mislead you -- nobu ( evenly , but with force ) sayuri . I do not like thing hold up before I that I can not have . ext . women 's tatami room . resort . night . [ autumn } distraught , sayur 4 hurry up the path to mameha 's room . int . women 's tatami room . resort . night . [ autumn } sayuri plead with mameha . sayuri when you first introduce I to nobu - ~ I be such a fool to give he my attention - mameha nonsense -— - 160 161 1/9/05 double salmon revision sayuri I never mean to make he care -- mameha ( sheck ) you can not refuse he . you must not ! sayuri but mameha why ? mameha what be he to think ? he safeguarded you life -- sayurt and so he own it ? mameha sayuri . I know what 's it like to try and scrape by without a danna -- sayuri -- I will do something ~ - anything else -- mameha . _-rent room , scroung for every meal -- be this the life that you want ? sayuri -- I want a life that be mine -- mameba nobu have never treat you with anything but kindness -- sayuri zr do not want mere kindness ! mameha what more can we expect ? 124 162 1/9/05 double salmon revision 125 sayuri you have feeling for the Baron , do not you ? - mameha * _ ( beat ) t never ' allow myself that . sayuri do not lie to I . mameha in time , you learn -- sayuri -- I do not want to learn -- mameha sayuri ! we do not become geisha to pursue we own destiny ! ( harshly ) we become geisha because we have no choice . on sayuri 's trap expression ~- cur to : ext . takamaya hot spring resort . night . [ autumn } 162 pumpkin , dress , be go to dinner when a frantic sayuri stop she on the path : sayurl pumpkin ? pumpkin what be it ? what 's wrong ? sayuri nothing . I have a favor to ask , that 's all . pumpkin ask . before speak , sayuri glance nervously to she leave and right to ensure that the coast be clear . sayuri at nine o'clock -- bring nobu to the pooi , on the far side of the garden - al63 163 164 165 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 126 pumpkin lift a savvy brow . sayuri ( cont no ) not a minute before , not a minute after , yes ? and -- please -- do not tell he that I will be there , wait — — pumpkin it 's a surprise ? sayuri note derrick smoking on a distant terrace . sayuri ( with gravity ) yes . it 's a surprise . pumpkin watch sayuri walk away ; she expression be unreadable . '' ext . hot spring resort . bridge . niget . [ autumn } sayuri find the Colonel , smoking . privately , they confer . we do not hear a word . ext : pavilion - hot spring resort . night . [ autumn ] from a slight distance : derrick , hutchin , nobu and the Chairman sit down for dinner . all of the man wear kimono . mameha pour sake . ' two geisha serve dinner . derrick , check he watch , swallow he drink and discreetly excuse himself from the group . ext . on the path to the private pool . night . ( autumn ) as derrick walk down the path , he look to see if anyone be follow . he check he watch ; it 's five minute until nine . ext . pavilion - same time . night . [ autumn ] from a slight distance : pumpkin enter the pavilion where the man be seat . pumpkin kneel between nobu and the chaizman and beg they pardon for interrupt they . 163 163 164 * 165 166 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 127 int . private pool enclosure . night . [ autumn ] 166 sayuri wait , nervously . she glance at she own watch . she hear the shojii screen slide open , and the Colonel enter . she bury she watch in she clothing , then rush to greet the Colonel . she silently usher he inside . +t of sayuri slide shut the privacy door . the rustic wooden hut be dimly light by lantern ; hazy steam rise from a rectangular pool . sayuri efficiently unknot derrick 's obi . with tremble finger , she jerk the knot of she kimono sash . derrick ( cont 'd ) please . allow I . he pick at the knot slowly as she watch with barely hide impatience . she glance at he watch and grab the knot , unty it herself . derrick ( cont would ) the pool ? sayuri bere . sayuri hastily arrange herself on the wooden platform beside the hot pool . she open she kimono slightly . derrick kneel over she . sayuri glance at he watch . where jis pumpkin ? sayuri ( cont have ) wait . derrick sense she sudden nervousness and hesitates : derrick be we do this or not ? she neds , eye on he watch : the face have mist , but she can see -~ it tick forward from 9 o'clock . derrick start to kiss she . to buy time , sayuri twist away . derrick {corit have ) you do not kiss ? again he try to kiss she . again she turn she face away . derrick ( cont would ) come on now . do not be shy . T know you people kiss -- UW 1/3/05 double GREEN revision 127a pinally he open he kimono , and roll on top of she , cradling she face in he hand . 2. 168 169 12/21/04 double yellow revision 128 ext . pavilion - same time . night . [ autumn ] 167 two feminine foot , pad down the walk - way at a clip , follow by two male one . int . private pool enclosure . night . [ autumn ] ' 168 the Colonel , on top of sayuri , pin she arm to the ground . sayuri let out a sound somewhere between a gasp and a sob . the pavilion door slide open , and pumpkin step in . sayuri and the american turn and see pumpkin . then behind pumpkin come -- the Chairman . Chairman recoil , shocked . sayuri push the Colonel away , grab she kimono to herself . the Chairman quickly step out . sayuri , dress hastily , rush past pumpkin and out the door , and see - ext . path to the private pool . night . [ autumn ] 169 the Chairman walk away quickly in the moonlight . sayuri whirl on pumpkin who have follow she out : sayuri how could you ? you do not know what you have do ! pumpkin 's expression morph ; suddenly , she have the same hauteur -- the same cruel calm -- as she teacher hatsumomo , . pumpkin but I do . sayuri I do not understand ; why do you * have to bring the Chairman ? pumpkin because I know how you feel about he . ( more ) 170 jin 172 173 12/21/04 double yellow revision 129 sayuri - so hatsumomo do teach you to be cruel -- pumpkin 's mouth stretch into a tight , joyless smile . pumpkin a long tite ago you take something from I ... the only thing I would ever truly want . ( beat ) well . now you know how it feel . in sayuri 's face , the sting of betrayal . ext . resort - cliff and the sea . dawn . wind . [ autumn ] alone , sayuri walk in the wind and spray . she have never feel more alone , more degrade . derrick ( v.0 . ) to a new partnership , gentleman . ext . takamaya resort entrance gate . dawn . [ autumn ] the Chairman and nobu smile graciously , bid the Americans farewell . derrick I like the way you people do business . seal it with a kiss . they start climb aboard they jeep to depart . ext . resort - cliff and the sea . dawn . wind . [ autumn ] sayuri let the tear come , wiping they away with the Chairman 's handkerchief . ext . takamaya resort entrance gate . dawn . [ autumn ] the jeep revs its motor , and derrick wink at nobu , man- to - man : derrick give my regards to sayuri now , will not you ? 170 171 172 173 10/15/04 yellow revision 129a { ) as the vehicle pull away , nobu feel as if he 's be smack in the face . he cover , clenching the muscle in he jaw . 174 175 2 176 12/2/04 tan revised 130 ext . resort - cliff and the sea . dawn . wind . [ autumn ] the wind rise . sayuri raise she hand , and let the handkerchief go . the wind seize it and carry it away ; with it , everything sayuri have ever know . ext . hanamachi street . another day . [ autumn ] . a scorching red sun rise over Miyako , like a crimson halo in the sky . int . the okiya . sayuri 's room . day [ autumn ] sayuri sit in darkness ; the shoji screen fly open , and mother appear , with kiko underfoot mother sayuri ! quickly ! sayuri lift she eye . mother ( cont no ) the matsushima teahouse just call - - you be to meet a very important client tonight -- sayurl ( dully } who ? mother iwamura electric ! it must be nobu , yes ? sayuri 's jaw muscle clench , but she say nothing . mother head to the door and look back with pride . mother ( cont ’‘d ) the Americans be financing he company ; he 's go to be one of the richest man in osaka ! surely he want to honor he promise ... to become you danna at last ! mother beam with pride at sayuri . Inside , sayuri crumble . mother ( cont would ) it 's about time . finally , a return on my investment . ( more ) 174 175 176 + fef HH ee 12/2/04 tan revised 130 a mother ( cont have ) ( to kiko ) perhaps one day , you will be as lucky ! sayuri look at kiko sadly , then say almost to herself : sayuri no geisha can ever hope for more . 1/9/05 double salmon revision 131 sayuri ( cont would ) 177 omit 177 178 ext . matsushima teahouse . garden . dusk . autumn ] 178 sayuri make she way across the pridge to the teahouse . her face have become as freeze , as perfect as 4 mask . the teahouse mistress usher sayuri into the garden . . japanese maple tree frame a small pond . in its center , 4 float platform , accessible by a series of stone step . on it , a low table with a sake tray . in she long kimono , sayuri almost seem to walk across the water until she reach the tiny 4sland . she kneel , wait for nobu to arrive . sayuri be distract by 4 gust of autumn wind , which send red maple leave scatter across the watex . she feel a hand alight on she shoulder ; she look up to greet nobu . instead , she see the Chairman . * sayurit Chairman , where be nobu-san ? * chairman ( calmly ) he will not be come tonight . * sayuri look stricken . sayuri ( with alarm ) be something wrong ? * chairman be know what happen . it be not * in he nature to forgive . sayuri feel a aick rush of shame ; she can not meet he eye . sayuri Chairman , what happen on the island ~- chairman please . you do not have to explain - _ the look in you eye be 5 ° * desperate - - like you might drow - ~ * 1/9/05 double salmon revision 131a sayuri but I have shame myself so deeply , past all forgiveness ~ -~— chairman no I be the one who must be forgiven . 1/9/05 double salmon revision 132 sayuri bow , hex lash wet with tear : sayuri I do not understand . chairman perhaps ; - if you have only know the truth -- , sayuri the truth ? now it 's the Chairman who 's anxious , hopeful that sayuri will not condemn he . chairman some year ago , I be on my way to the theater . I see 4 little girl , weep by the scnogawa . it stop to buy she a cup of sweet ice -- sayuri raise she head to look he in the face . her eye . be wide with incredulity . sayurl you know I be that little girl ? the Chairman nod . chairman do not you ever wonder why mameha , take you she under she wing . sayuri { the truth dawn ) mameha come to I because of you . the Chairman nod again . sayuri ( cont would ) I wish you could have tell I long ago -- chairman what could I do ? I owe nobu my jife . and so -- when I see he have a chance at happiness with you -- I stand silent . but I can not any longer . ( beat ) I hope it be not too late . sayuri bow she head . 1/9/05 double salmon revision chairman ( cont ' d ) po not be afraid to look at I chiyo . 132a 01/07/2005 double buff revision 133 he gently raise she face to meet he gaze ; she be cry . Passion , then insecure hope . sayurt can not you see ? every step I have take since I be that child on the bridge have be to bring myself closer to you .: the Chairman kiss she tear . then he kiss she ; she first kiss , tender and true . sayuri 's heart be soar , liberated at last . sayuri ‘s voice I can not tell you what guide we in this imperfect life . the Chairman and sayuri walk along the water 's edge in the teahouse garden ; we see they reflect in the pond 's surface . sayuri ‘s voice ( cont no ) but when I look back , I see myself , fall toward the Chairman as surely as a stone must fall toward the earth . Red leave from the maple tree fall onto the pond , and glide over its surface , disrupt the reflection of the two lover . * hk + 179 180 01/07/2005 double buff revision 134 sayuri's voice ( cont no ) we world be no more permanent than a wave that rise on the ocean . the ripple in the water clarify : sayuri walk alone by the water , dress in western clothes now , smartly tailore . her hair be cut fashionably short -- ext . park . dusk . [ winter , 1956 ] -- as she stroll by a pond in a different park . she pause by the water 's edge . sayuri 's voice ( cont ‘d ) the people we have know , even the earth beneath we foot , can all disappear in the tide . a small boy ( 4 ) , run to she as a flock of pigeon disperse with a flurry . sayuri's voice ( cont would ) there 's only one way to anchor they - safely -- in we heart : to tell they storey . the child grab she hand and pull she . sayuri's voice ( cont would ) the Chairman leave this world a while ago ... together they stroll toward the street . sayuri n's voice ( cont would ) ++- and yet , I have he still . they turn a corner -- ext . fifth avenue . new york CITY . dusk . [ winter 1956 . ] --- and we recognize the place ; we be in 1950 's New York . it 's fifth Avenue at rush hour . businessman step out of office building ; secretary skirt by bustling delivery boy in bike . policeman on horseback . mother and son be sweep up in the roll sea of people . sayuri ‘s voice for I have live my life again , tell it to you . * 79 180 se + 01/07/2005 double buff revision 135 like some vast current , the crowd carry they along until - - at last -- they vanish . : fade out .