memphis belle written by monte merrick July 1989 draft for educational purpose only memphis belle fade in : ext . field - day a football game be in progress . six guy on each side , all in they late teens and early twenty , wear khaki pants , work shirt , t-shirt . over , we hear the voice of bruce derringer . the first player we see be virge hoogesteger . bruce ( v.0 . ) virge hoogesteger . , what kind of name be that ? nickname ' the virgin . 's well , look at he . poor kid probably try to get a girl into bed and she want to make he brush he tooth and wash behind he ear . then we see jack bocci bulldoze down one of the defense player . bruce ( v.0 . ) look at this goon . Jack bocci from Brooklyn . he 's a magician . want to be the next houdini . well , he 's escape twenty - four mission . not bad for a amateur . next , eugene mcvey nervously make a play . bruce ( v.0 . ) this be the religious one . there 's always a religious one . Eugene mcvey . nineteen from Cleveland . there 's always one from Cleveland . High strung , nervous , always come down with something . how would he get in this bunch ? next , we see richard " rascal " moore show off . bruce ( v.0 . ) rascal ? that can not be he real name . here we go . Richard Moore , but call the rascal . thinks he 's a real lady man . talk dirty , the whole bit . well , he will grow out of it . if he grow at all . then we see clay busby , cooly run with the ball . ( continued ) 1a continued : bruce ( v.0 . ) clay busby , a farmer 's son from Louisiana . Plays piano and sing . listen to this . learned piano in a New Orleans whorehouse . better keep that out of the papers . last , we see danny daly . he have the ball and be go for the touchdown as he team urge he on . bruce ( v.0 . ) oh boy , this kid could not be more irish if he try . even he name , Danny Daly . he 's the intellectual . write poetry . like to read . hate sport . Danny make the touchdown . he shout with exhilaration and raise the ball in triumph . just then , a huge olive drab B - 17 bomber appear out of nowhere and roar directly overhead . the game be forget and everyone start run towards a short , boxy control tower . now we see that the football field be a grassy area on the side of a air field with three intersect runway . Men be come from all over the base , on foot and bicycle , shouting out the number of plane : five , seven , nine , twelve ! plane be appear all over the sky . eugene Fifteen , sixteen ! jack how many go out ? danny twenty-one . virge there 's another ! we move up to the control tower . the balcony be crowded with man . through the window we see the CO ( command Officer ) on the phone . int . control tower - day the CO be in he early thirty , impeccably - dress . he 's in charge and handle he many responsibility efficiently -- no detail be too small . in the b.g. be the adjutant and other personnel . ( continued ) 1a continued : co Sir , they be still come in . how can I promise you 24 plane tomorrow when they be not even back ? the adjutant come up to he with some papers , the CO grab they and motion the adjutant away . the CO be shocked by what he hear . he speak quietly . co where ? but we hit that target a month ago , sir . I think ... the voice on the other end interrupt . co I know we have to put the pressure on , but I almost lose a quarter of my ... the 8 - 2 , a scholarly , bespectacle young man , come in from the balcony and wait to get the CO 's attention . frustrate , exasperate , the CO listen to the voice on the other end . co yes , sir . yes , sir , I will have my ground crew work all night . I be hope to give they a little break . we be have a dance tonight in honor of the Group 's first anniversary ... ( interrupt again ) yes , I will give you a update as soon as I know more . thank you , sir . Goodbye . he hang up . he 's shake by the news he 's receive . 8-2 Sir , eighteen plane . Three still out . he nod , then hurry out the door to the balcony . ext . control tower balcony - day on the balcony , colonel bruce derringer . Bruce be in he mid-thirty , have all - american good look and a easy - go charm that he can turn on and off at will . Bruce be not watch the plane landing . he 's look down at the lawn below . the CO come out on the balcony with the S - 2 . ( continued ) 2 continued : bruce so that 's they . co that be the enlist man . you be meeting the officer this afternoon . bruce they must be the ten luckiest son of bitch in the world . co they be ordinary man , Bruce . 2a bruce's Pov from the balcony down to the control tower lawn where we six boy be just join the crowd below . bruce ( 0.8 . ) be you kid ? first , they volunteer for this , then they do 24 mission without a scratch . they do not sound very ordinary to I . 8-2 two more , sir . 2b ext . control tower balcony - day the CO look out at arrive plane through he binocular . bruce you know , people at home be get pretty discourage by we loss . they be start to think daylight bombing be a mistake . co it 's the only way we be go to win this war . bruce you be right , and we have get to get that message across . that 's where I come in . the nation 's go to fall in love with that boy . the first crew in the eighth Air Force to complete they tour of duty . ( continued ) 2 B continued : co they have not do it yet . bruce they will . you will make sure of it . he lean on the balcony and look down at the crew . we move down to they . ext . control tower lawn the six boy anxiously watch for the last plane . danny one more . it would be great if everyone come back today . with the dance and everything . clay I give they four to one . any taker ? jack me. clay show I you money , Jack . jack gene , lend I some money . eugene what do I look like , Wells fargo ? danny there they be ! Danny point out at the horizon . the boy be relieved . they push each other around a little , then turn and start walk across the field towards the barrack . SOUND : engine sputter . ( the follow dialogue can be use as the man walk away , if need . ) virge I hear they bring in a swell band for the dance tonight . danny clay , maybe they will let you sing with they . clay no siree . ( continued ) oe 5 a 5 B continued : eugene you sing to we in the plane all the time . clay yeah , but you guy be not get no taste . omitted ext . base - day the plane be come in to land . it have two feathered prop and only the leave front wheel be down . the wheel touch the runway and the plane immediately tip to the right . it pivot on its single wheel , scraping its belly on the runway . the prop on the right side bend back , slow the plane 's spin . it start to come to a halt , but just as it look like it 's safe , it explode in a sudden fiery blast . ext . control tower lawn - day the six boy recoil with shock and disbelief . Danny watch as long as he can , then turn away -- he can not stand it anymore . ext . control tower balcony - day Bruce be also look at the burn plane with horror . the CO be stony - face . he show no surprise and little emotion -- he 's see it too often before . co come on , Bruce , you want to meet the officer of the Southern Belle . bruce Jesus , what happen ? they be almost home . co almost . the pilot come in on one wheel . he should have belly land . ( continued ) 6 a through 10 il continued : bruce be they all ... ? co what do you think ? let 's go , Bruce . he start off the balcony . Bruce follow , but look over he shoulder once more at the burn plane . ext . base - day the plane continue to burn . there 's another small explosion inside the plane and this become the white flash of a photographer 's camera . omitted int . mess hall - day dennis dearborn be sit stiffly in a chair , the bomb group symbol behind he on the mess wall . Dennis , at twenty -six , be the oldest of the crew . he 's a serious young man -- you never catch he smile or relax . his photo have just be take by a life Magazine photographer . Bruce be behind the camera , interview Dennis . bruce you name the plane after you girl back home , that 's a great angle . you do not sound like you be from the South , Captain dearborn . dennis I meet she when I be in Memphis on business . bruce I bet she 's a live doll , huh , Dennis ? Dennis look up at Bruce -- he do not like he tone at all . dennis she 's a very fine woman , sir . ( continued ) il continued : flash . now luke sinclair , the co-pilot , be in the chair . luke be twenty - five and about as handsome as they come . he 's relaxed , smile . he love the attention . bruce a lifeguard . that 's a pretty responsible job , luke . luke yeah , it 's rough bask in the sun all day , have girl swarm all over you . that 's why I join up . have to get away from all that . flash . now val kozlowski the bombardier , be sit in the hotseat . Val have Latin good look and a street fighter 's body . he 's a pretty intense guy . he squirm , push at he hair , try to loosen he collar , straighten he tie . bruce Val . what 's that short for , Valentine ? I bet the woman love that . you be the bombardier and I understand you have get four year of medical school under you belt . val yeah . well , something like that . bruce ( interrupt ) believe I , when you picture come out in life Magazine , every man , woman and child in America be go to want you to be they doctor . Val brighten at this . flash . now phil lowenthal be in the chair . phil 's in he early twenty , with a lot of hair and a lot of tooth . he slump in the chair , moody and gloomy . he would like to be anywhere but here . bruce phil , look at the camera . sit up straight . smile . phil what 's there to smile about , sir ? bruce you guy have finish 24 mission . ( more ) ( continued ) 11 continued : ( 2 ) bruce ( cont 'd ) one more and you get to go home . that would sure make I smile . phil well , you be not I , sir . ( to the photographer ) please just take the picture . he look up at the camera , a big cloud over he head . flash . 12 int . mess hall - day ( later ) Dennis , luke , phil and Val be sit at a table as Bruce address they . bruce you will go back home in you own plane and fly all over the States , make speech , get people to buy more war bond , work longer hour , turn out more plane . and believe I , you will be wine , women and songe from one end of the U.S. to the other . it will be tough , but we all have to make sacrifice . he laugh . luke Sir , you mean we be go to be famous ? bruce afraid so , luke . luke whoops . he pound on Val and phil a little . Val push he away . phil be hunch over , miserable . dennis Colonel derringer ... bruce Bruce . dennis we will follow you order to the best of we ... ( continued ) 12 13 10 . continued : bruce ( interrupt ) it 's not a order , Dennis . we be work together . dennis yes , sir , but I do not want the other man find out about this yet . luke they picture in life ? wine , woman and song ? you have get to tell they ! they will go nut ! dennis I do not want they go nut . right now I want they think about they job and that 's all . luke come on , we could do we job in we sleep ! why can not they know ? dennis because I say so . luke my father use to say that . Dennis and luke glare at each other . bruce Dennis , you be the boss . tell you crew when you think it 's right . gentlemen , thank you for you time . Dennis , luke , phil and Val start get up from the table . int . barracks - night a big tin-roofed nissen hut , six bed on each side and a hissing potbelly stove in the center . two crew bunk in here , we enlist man and another crew . in the b.g. , a news report be hear on the radio , then music begin . there 's lot of activity as man get ready for the dance . Jack be involved in a poker game at one end of the room . at the other end , clay be wrenching off the padlock on a locker at the foot of a stripped bunk . ( continued ) 13 continued : Danny be load film scene seesaws between the dead man 's thing get ready for the 11 . in he box camera . ( this whole the ominousness of sorting through and the fun and excitement of dance . ) danny clay , should not you let the sergeant go stuff ? through becker 's eugene the sergeant will just send it all to becker 's she get Danny . widow . we do not want anything embarrassing , the lock come off , clay open the locker and start sorting through the content . Eugene be put on he sock . he sniff they and gag . eugene anyone get any clean sock ? hershey bar . I , I ! clay toss it to he . clay virge virge rip it open and start eat it . around virge 's bunk be drawing of a restau - rant . as he munch the candy bar , he study they . virge anyway , Danny , then I be go to open a whole bunch of restaurant , exactly like the first one . so you can go to Detroit and get the exact same hamburger you get in Baltimore . danny virge , nobody want the same old food everywhere they go . virge sure they do . it 's comforting . clay Love letter . eugene wife or girl friend ? ( continued ) 13 12 . continued : ( 2 ) clay open one and read it . rascal read them out loud ! get I in the mood for tonight . clay girl friend . he toss the letter to virge , who put they in the stove . eugene do becker have any clean sock in there ? Eugene go over to the locker , search for sock . clay put the next few item in a pile on the bed . clay Air medal , photo , pocket knife . dirty book ! danny I will take it . clay toss the paperback to Danny : God 's Little acre , with a lurid cover . Danny flip through it . in the middle be stick : a four-leaf clover wrap in cellophane . danny look . becker forget he good luck charm . virge poor slob . eugene he should of wear it around he neck . then you never lose it . he kiss he St. Anthony medal . clay rubber . rascal dib ! clay toss they to he . then put some other thing on the bed in the widow 's pile : money , a compass , a diary . ( continued ) 13 continued : 13 . ( 3 ) rascal we know virge the virgin will not need they . virge , you gotta promise if you ever lose you cherry , you will tell I about it . virge I will send it to you . c.o.d . Eugene start search he bunk area . Jack come run - ning up and take some money from the pile on becker 's bunk . jack becker owed I ten . danny Jack , do not take he money ! jack he owed it to I ! hey , what do you guy know about Germany ? eugene pretty woman . danny good beer . virge the hamburger 's name after a town there . jack well , a little bird tell I that 's where they be send we tomorrow . the man react with disbelief and shock . eugene you sure ? rascal we be not go to krautville . we plane 's break . virge no , it 's fix . rascal Christ , let 's go break it ! ( continued ) 13 14 14 . continued : ( 4 ) virge anybody want the rest of this stuff ? virge , Danny , rascal , Jack and Eugene start towards the bunk . shot from above clay dispense the rest of becker 's possession with the other man stand around the bunk . clay deck of card . razor blade . lucky strike . shoelace . pack of doublemint ... rascal take the card , Jack the razor blade , Danny the cigarettes , Eugene the shoelace , virge the gum . we start to hear big band music and we be in -- int . airplane hangar - night it have be turn into a dance hall for the night : streamer , a mirror ball , a bar and a big band . the dance be in full swing . Jack be dance with a shy skinny girl and Eugene be dance with a boisterous big girl . it look like they be with the wrong partner . Eugene swing under the big girl 's arm , kick Jack in the butt when he back be turn , then quickly swing back into the big girl 's arm . Jack look around , but have no idea where the kick come from . on danny he snap a picture of they . CUT to : rascal talk to a pretty English girl , faith . he 's really milk this for all the sympathy he can get . rascal now they be say maybe we be go to Germany tomorrow ... my short , young life could just be snuffed out in a instant . ( more ) ( continued ) 14 15 . continued : rascal ( cont 'd ) I volunteer ' cause I think it would be fun . I never think I could get ... he choke up . faith look away . faith' Pov - virge stand across the room , alone , shy and very cute . CUT to : rascal be so wrap up in he pitch he do not realize faith 's attention have wander . rascal oh , faith , when I think I might never see the star again or hear good music or talk to a beautiful girl like you ... ( wipe away a tear ) sorry . you need a drink . I will be right back . he take she glass and hurry over to the bar . it 's pack . Val be there , check out the girl on the dance floor . rascal she 's crazy about I . she 's go to jump on I any second . he burrow he way into the crowd . phil come up with a brim glass of whiskey . he 's already a little drunk . val phil , come on , you have have enough . phil how come they bring life Magazine over and everything ? be they try to jinx we ? val just forget it . let 's find we a couple girl . Val look out at the dance floor . phil come up to he , close . ( continued ) 14 16 . continued : ( 2 ) phil Val , tell I the truth . the truth . be you scared ? val I be Val . come on . he take phil 's glass from he , set it down on a nearby table and pull phil toward the dance floor . CUT to : faith be with virge . he 's excitedly talk about he restaurant . virge you have never have a hamburger ? that 's unbelievable . you do not know what you be miss . faith they sound wonderful . it 's be so long since I have have any meat . virge take faith 's hand and demonstrate he technique . he have no idea he 's turn she on . virge see , I work the meat very slowly , very tenderly . that 's the secret . rub in a little worcestershire , a little garlic , a little thyme . then ease it into a patty ... gentle , gentle , so I do not bruise the meat . faith virge , you be make I so hungry ! CUT to : rascal come out of the mob at the bar with faith 's drink . he look around to where faith be wait , but she 's not there . she 's nowhere to be see . CUT to : ( continued ) 14 17 . continued : ( 3 ) bruce and luke sit at a table with a couple of girl . they have obviously become the best of buddy . bruce ever do any public speak , luke ? luke a little act . amateur stuff . bruce I bet you be good . we be go to have to excite people on this bond tour . inspire they . Dennis be a fine man , but he do not have you enthusiasm . luke I be a qualified pilot , same as he . they just do not have a plane for I . so , he 's the big shot pilot and I be sit in the dummy seat . bruce you be no dummy , luke . we both know that . Bruce put a hand on luke 's shoulder . CUT to : dennis stand with the rookie lieutenant , a fresh - face , very naive young man . Dennis be try to describe the excitement and responsibility of be a pilot , but he 's inarticulate . the rookie Lieutenant have no idea what he 's talk about . dennis just wait till you go up for the first time . you have get four thousand pound of bomb in you belly , nine other man be depend on you to make the right decision . it 's ... ( beat ) everything you ever do before seem so ... ( more ) ( continued ) 14 15 16 18 . continued : ( 4 ) dennis ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) you be really alive up there , that 's what I be get at . you will see what I mean . rookie lieutenant well , uh , thanks a lot , Captain . I have get to get a refill . the rookie Lieutenant hurry off , anxious to get away from Dennis . Dennis look across the room . dennis' Pov Bruce and luke at the table with with the girl , have a great time , laugh , chat . on dennis feeling alienate , alone , he turn and walk out the door . ext . base - night it 's dark , foggy . Dennis walk across the field toward another hangar , a beer in he hand . the band can be hear in the distance . int . second hangar - night it be brightly , starkly light with floodlight . there be plane and part of plane crowded in here with ground crew crawl over they . it be a epic sight , show the huge scale of the air war and the number of man require to sustain it . in the f.g. be a plane , " be you be or be you ai not my baby ? " the pilot 's window be shattered , a front tire be flat , a chunk have be take out of the tail , the ball turret be break in half and what remain be cover in dry blood . a mechanic be hose it out . les enright , a stocky man in he mid - thirty , wear grease - stain coverall , be help carry a new ball turret over to the plane . Dennis go over to he . dennis Les , what be you do here ? you be my ground crew chief . you be suppose to be work on my plane . les Sir , I be just help out ... ( continued ) 16 1 ? 19 . continued : dennis you should be give the supercharger on number one you ... les supercharger 's fix . dennis okay , but how about the cowl flap on ... les number three 's fix . it 's all fix . you do not have to tell I my job , Captain . watch you foot . a dark red pool be gather right at Dennis foot . Dennis look down , see it and step away . les the Belle 's in mint condition . if you do not believe I , go look at she . she 's out on the apron , Sir . Les turn back to work . a moment . Dennis know he jump on Les a little too fast , but he also do not want to apologize . he turn and go out the door . ext . memphis belle - night we see only the vague outline of the Belle through the fog as Dennis approach . he stop in front of the nose and speak to the plane . dennis well , I be go to miss you , girl . we have be together a long time and you have never let I down . I can not say that about many people . you know how to take care of you man and that 's just about the best thing a fellow can say about a girl , I guess . maybe we will be go back to the States together , but it will not be the same , will it ? it will not have the same ... he search for the word , can not find it , then start to take a drink . but he decide he 's have enough and pour the rest of the beer on the ground . he turn and walk back across the field to the dance . then a head pop up and look out through the nose of the plane : virge . faith ( 0.8 . ) I wish you would talk to I like that , virge . 20 . 18 int . nose - night look forward , we see virge and faith in silhouette . they have put something down on the floor of the plane as a makeshift bed , perhaps some parachute . virge you know what the captain would do if he catch we in here ? he would murder I . come on , faith , let 's get this over with and get back to the dance . they try to get it go again . faith wait , there 's something ... hold on . there ! sorry . faith pull something out from under she . virge grab it . virge my wrench ! I have be look for that all over ! where would you find it ? faith under my bum . virge oh , thanks . Boy , I think someone steal it . faith virge , forget the bloody wrench . she grab he and kiss he . a clunk as he drop the wrench and kiss she back . faith you have never do this before , have you ? virge why , be I do something wrong ? faith no . you be do everything just right . he embrace she and kiss she . 18a ext . hangar - night virge and faith be near the hangar door . he kiss she . ( continued ) el. 18a continued : faith that be ... virge yeah , it really be . awkward pause . faith I would not want this to get around . virge around ? faith I know what you yank be like , always brag about you woman . virge oh , no ! gosh , I would not ... not if you ... faith thanks . well ... she smile , touch he face . faith maybe I will pop ' round for a hamburger some day . she turn and go back into the hangar . virge start to go with she . she put a hand on he arm . faith I will go in first , if that 's ... virge oh , sure ! go right ahead . she smile at he , then go into the hangar . virge watch she go in . then , when he 's alone , he take a deep breath , then howl at the moon . 19 int . hangar - night the party be in full swing . everyone 's have a great time . CUT to : ( continued ) 19 22 . continued : co sit at a table with he man -- but he 's remote , lose in he own thought . he know that some of this man will die over Germany tomorrow and the think make it impossible for he to join in the fun . CUT to : buffet table food and coffee be set out . Danny , Jack and Eugene be eat while rascal hold court with a group of fresh - face rookie . one of they , the rookie , be they spokesman . rascal that yours , that brand new plane out there ? rookie yeah . mother and country . rascal ( patronizingly ) mother and country . he look at Jack and Eugene and they sigh . rascal , jack & eugene ahhh ... jack ai not that sweet ? eugene bring a tear to the eye . rookie we have we first practice today . danny how would it go ? rookie ( smile ) we need a couple more . if you guy have any advice for we or anything ... jack get a gun , shoot you big toe off and go home . ( continued ) 19 20 25 . continued : ( 2 ) eugene that 's good advice . rascal hallelujah , brother . danny come on , guy . rascal put a arm around the rookie and look down at the rookie 's shiny shoe . rascal be that size eight ? how about leave a little will say when you get you ass shot off on you first mission , that nice shiny new pump come to I ? the rookie turn pale and break away from rascal . he run out the door . rascal chuckle . danny rascal ... int . latrine - night Danny come into the latrine . the fresh - face rookie be bent over one of the toilet bowl , have just throw up . he 's pale and woozy . danny you okay ? rookie yeah . nerves , I guess . Danny fill a tin cup with water and take it over to he . danny they be just fool around . do not worry about it . everyone get kid like that at first . rookie I give anything to be in you shoe . one more and you get to go home . ( continued ) 20 el 24 . continued : danny sometimes I wish I could stay . sound crazy , but I be use to it here . and the guy be like brother to I . I never have brother . four sister . ( laugh ) when we go back home , I do not know when we be go to get together again . we come from all over . I guess that 's why I keep take they picture . he look down at he camera , wind it . danny that 's the way you will be with you crew . here . Danny reach into he breast pocket and take out the four-leaf clover and hold it out to the rookie . he take it . int . airplane hangar - night Danny and the rookie join Jack , Eugene , rascal and clay just as the band be end a number . danny clay , now 's you chance ! get up there and sing ! clay uh-huh . I be not gonna make a fool of myself in front of all this folk . eugene come on , you be a great singer . there 's a fanfare from the band . Bruce get up onstage and speak into the microphone . he 's enthusiastic and be blind to the fact that what he 's say be bad luck . bruce lady and gentleman ... there 's ten very special man here tonight . I be sure you know who I mean . the crew of the Memphis Belle . ( more ) ( continued ) el 25 . continued : bruce ( cont 'd ) they be just about to become the first crew in the eighth Air Force to fly they twenty - fifth and final mission . let 's hear it for they ! hip hip ...! CUT to : danny , clay , jack and eugene unhappily watch Bruce . the rookie start to complete the cheer . rookie hooray ... Danny grab he arm to stop he . a couple of other rookie have start to cheer , but they also quickly shut up . a grim silence fall over the hangar . Bruce be embarrassed and do not know what to do . Danny look at clay -- a look say " do something . " clay quickly go through the crowd and step up onstage and take the microphone . clay this buddy of mine keep begging I to sing and I guess I be not gonna get out of it this time . clay say a few word to the band leader , then turn back to the microphone . in the meantime , Bruce quietly leave the stage . the band begin . clay ( sing ) ' oh , Danny Boy , the pipe , the pipe be call ... ' on danny he blushes and try to escape . Jack and Eugene grab Danny and force he to stay . the rookie smile , enjoy this -- this be what Danny be talk about . clay ' from glen to glen , and down the mountain side ... ' then suddenly , without warning , clay and the band go into a up - tempo , jazzy version of the song . clay 's good -- he 's a natural . everyone start to dance . in no time at all the hangar be swinging again . 22 23 253a 26 . ext . base - night phil be alone out in the middle of the field . the song can be hear in the distance . phil hold a nearly full bottle of scotch . he look up at the moon , diffuse through a layer of fog . he shout . phil I do not want to die , I do not want to die , I do not want to die ... his call fade away . he take a long drink from the bottle . he stumle a little , then wander off , disap - pear into the fog . ext . base - dawn the horizon be just start to fill with light . the fog be go and the cloud be break up . CUT to : memphis belle the plexiglas of the nose , top turret and ball turret reflect the bright sunrise . it 's a B - 17f , olive green with a grey belly . on the nose , there 's a painting of a leggy woman in a bathing suit . also , twenty - four yellow bomb emblem and eight swastikas . the big forward landing gear give it a wide stance and the nose point into the air , as if eager to take off . the plane be huge , so huge it do not look like it could ever get off the ground . it 's a dramatic sight , the sun come up yellow and hot behind this 30 ton of machine . Men be feverishly work on the plane , get it ready , load - ing the bomb , check every detail again and again . int . enlisted men' barracks - dawn the barrack be dark . Danny be in bed , asleep . suddenly , a flashlight be flip on , right in he face . sergeant Daly , rise ' n ' shine . Mission oh-eight-hund . Danny squint up at the pie-face sergeant . danny okay . the sergeant shine the flashlight in rascal 's face . ( continued ) 253a 24 27 . continued : sergeant Moore . up and at them . rascal I just go to sleep ! he pull the cover over he head . other man be start to wake up , groan , hack . sergeant alla yous guy , get crackin ' ! clay sit up and start to sing . clay ( sing ) ' oh , how I hate to get up in the morning ... ' int . officer ' barracks - dawn it be identical to the enlist man 's nissen hut , but less crowded with six bunk , rather than twelve . the sergeant shine the light in Dennis 's face . sergeant Captain dearborn , mission today . Breakfast oh-six -hundre , briefing , oh-six - forty -five . Dennis wake and look at he wristwatch . dennis thanks , sergeant . sergeant Lieutenant sinclair . in the bed next to Dennis 's luke be already start to awake . his dog be sleep beside he on the bunk . luke I be up . the sergeant move he flashlight across the aisle to phil 's bed . it 's empty . sergeant where 's Lieutenant lowenthal ? dennis phil ? I do not know . Val , where 's phil ? ( continued ) 24 25 26 27 28 . continued : the sergeant move the flashlight to Val . Val quickly improvise . val he 's in the can . could not sleep . nerves . sergeant I do not blame he . give ‘em hell today . dennis will do . Dennis start to get up . behind he back , Val and luke exchange a glance . they have no idea where phil be . ext . barracks - dawn Val , dress , come out of the barrack . it rain during the night and the ground be muddy . Men be hurry for the latrine and mess hall . jeeps go by , splash mud . Val start jogging . ext . base - dawn Val jog around the perimeter track . plane be on they individual hardstand , with ground crew crawl over they . Gas truck and bomb cart come and go . ordinance crew be load fat olive drab bomb into the belly of the plane . armament crew be put box of ammunition in the plane and check the gun turret . Val look around for phil , but there 's no sign of he . ext . airplane hangar - dawn all that remain of the dance be some beer bottle , play card and cigarettes on the ground . the hangar door be open and we can see that it have turn back into a repair shop . a damage B - 17 be be cannibalize for its part . Val look around , stump . suddenly , a voice cry out . phil bogey , six o'clock low ! phil tackle Val from behind and knock he to the ground . Val scramble out from under phil and get to he foot . phil sit in the mud , laugh . val you be drunk ! ( continued ) 29 . continued : phil ( deliberately slurring ) I rethent that inthinuation ! he take a drink from he bottle of scotch -- it 's almost empty . val be you crazy ? we have get a mission ! Val grab the bottle away from phil , then try to pull phil up . he 's waste . phil I know , that 's why . I be gonna get it today , Val . my luck 's up , my number 's run out . I mean ... ( giggle ) I be gonna die and I want to give you something to remember I by . he take off he watch . val I do not want that piece of crap . you have get to get hold of yourself . everybody 's count on you ... Arm around phil , he start lead he back to the barrack . phil you want my cufflink ? they have get my initial . val phil , you be go to let everyone down ... phil how about my whole set of New York yankee baseball card ? Nah , then you will just remember the yankee and forget about I . phil continue to ramble as Val lead he away . phil I know , my fountain pen ! you could use it to fill out prescription and stuff . or you name it , Val . anything you want . my dog tag ? you want my dog tag or my Boy scout knife ? 28 29 30 . int . latrine - day there be man in here , shave , sleepily get ready for the mission . Val and luke watch phil weave towards a stall . he miss the door and bump into the doorjamb . luke that 's we navigator . phil disappear into the stall . val we better tell Dennis he 's sick and get someone else . luke we can not ! < a new man 's bad luck . val what 's a drunk navigator , good luck ? luke so , you be the doctor . sober he up . val he 's go to endanger every man in that ... luke come on , he 's not so bad . he 's just a little high . sound of a trickle from the stall . Val glance at he watch . val I time that . forty - five second to find he own dick . Val and luke look at each other . int . latrine stall Val bend phil over the toilet . val stick you finger down you throat . phil shake he head . val do it or I will do it for you . ( continued ) 29 30 31 31 . continued : phil try to get away . Val shove he up against the wall , pries open he mouth and stick he own finger down phil 's throat . phil gag and vomit , right on Val 's shirt and tie . int . enlisted men' barracks the enlist man be get dress and shave . Danny take a picture of the hut , and the man groan . the man be tense , nervous , but they cover they anxiety with joke and foolishness . jack I can see it . I get back home , I be make love to my wife , the door break open and it 's Danny , take a fuck picture ! Danny laugh . he turn he camera on Eugene , who 's search he bunk , in a state of near panic . eugene anybody see my St. Anthony medal ? danny be not he the patron saint of miss thing ? eugene yeah , I can not find he ! Danny take the picture . int . latrine Val be shave phil , who 's shiver , a wreck . Val 's shirt be wet -- he have wash off the vomit . luke come in . luke Coast 's clear . Dennis go for chow . phil pull a Boy scout knife out of he pocket . phil luke , I want you to have my penknife . it 's real nice . luke keep it . if Dennis see you like this , you will need it to cut you throat with . ( continued ) 31 32 33 32 . continued : luke rip open a little packet and empty it in phil 's mouth . luke sen-sen . int . barracks Danny take the bottle of champagne from he locker . rascal snatch it away from he . rascal you be not think of sneaking this on the plane , be you ? Danny , I be shocked . and virge go out for the pass ! he toss it across the room to virge . danny do not ! jack hey , wiseguy , cut the crap ! eugene I find it ! he find he St. Anthony medal under he bed . he slip the chain over he head , kiss the medallion and fall to he knee to say a little prayer . rascal and virge continue to play keepaway from Danny , annoying the other man . int . officer ' barracks phil be dress and Val be tie he shoe . phil hiccup . val stop it ! phil hiccup again . just then , a quick knock , the door open and Dennis come in . dennis there you be , phil . I just want to remind you both to keep quiet about you know what . val what ? oh , sure . ( continued ) 33 34 335 . continued : phil nod . dennis okay . see you at briefing . he go out , close the door behind he . val ( to phil ) you do good . phil let out a loud hiccup he would be save up . int . mess hall it 's crowded and smoky . the enlist man be jamme together on one side of the hall . the officer have more space on they side . Val and phil be go down the line . a tough Army cook be serve egg , bacon and pancake . cook we be count on you today , sir . kick Hitler 's butt . val give he extra . he 's real hungry . the cook heaps some more egg on the plate . phil watch , nauseate . CUT to : clay , virge , eugene , jack , rascal and danny be crowded at a table , all smoking and drink coffee . Jack be the only one eat . jack this powder egg would gag a buzzard . he take virge 's plate and scrape the egg onto he plate and eat that , too . luke and Dennis come over . dennis how be we do this morning , man ? luke put a hammerhold on rascal 's neck . ( continued ) 34 35 34 . continued : rascal stop it ! you will not have a chance to do that after today , luke , sir . luke I would not be so sure . right , Dennis ? suddenly , across the room , a crash and clatter . everyone look . Val be scurrying to retrieve a box of silverware phil knock over . Dennis watch . luke watch Dennis . dennis I guess we have all get the jitter this morning . see you after briefing . Dennis walk off . luke breathes a sigh of relief . int . briefing room up front , a small stage . on stage , a board cover by a curtain . on the leave side , a spool of red yarn , the yarn lead behind the curtain . the room be crowded , noisy and smoky . Val escort phil to a seat in the back . he 's nearly comatose . luke come up to they , hold he dog , a brown and white speckle mutt . luke how the hell 's he go to get through the navigator 's briefing afterwards ? val on a wing and a fuck prayer . Val and phil sit . luke leave they to take he seat down front with Dennis . CUT to : danny and rookie sit across the aisle with the other radio operator . rookie I think we would have a little more practice before we go up . danny you will do fine . ( continued ) 35 36 35 . continued : Danny take out a couple of pencil and give the rookie one , then turn to a fresh sheet in he notebook . suddenly , a sharp voice call out . voice ( 0.s. ) tenn-hut ! everyone rise to attention . the CO step up on stage . co at ease , gentleman . murmuring and shuffle as everyone sit . co I hope you all have a good time last night . but now it 's back to business . the target for today be ... the S -2 pull back the curtain to reveal a map of Northern Europe . the red yarn extend from East anglia all the way across the North Sea , then turn sharply and penetrate into Germany . co bremen . the room erupt into disbelief , gasp , groan , nervous laughter . first we see Dennis and luke , then phil and Val , then Danny and the rookie , all look at the map in shock . they be not expect this . ext . briefing room the CO hurry out of the briefing room . Bruce be wait for he . bruce ( angrily ) be you crazy ? bremen 's one of the most heavily - defend city in Germany ! they will get blow out of the sky . you have get to pull the Memphis Belle from this mission . co no. bruce I need that man . this whole public relation junket depend ... ( continued ) 36 37 36 . continued : co ( interrupt ) I have order to put every plane in the sky that I can . bruce Craig , if we present a united front , the two of we , we can get the Belle pull . you talk to h.q. I will talk to Washington . co I promise General eaker 24 plane today . I lose one yesterday . the Memphis Belle have to go . bruce you do not really care if that man live or die , do you ? they be just another plane to you . just so you can reach you quota . co Colonel , I be in command here and I have make my decision ! bruce you decision be inhuman and irresponsible , and I be go to make sure everybody know about it , start with General eaker . Bruce turn and jog across the base , dodging a Jeep as he go . the CO watch he go . int . briefing room the light be off . a large blow - up photograph be project on the screen : a aerial view of a railyard , a river snake through , some tree and house . the 8 - 2 tap a large , square building in the center of the photo with he pointer . he tap it three time . 8-2 this be we target right here . it 's a square building , the only square one in the area , so you can not miss it . note this railroad track on the east and this long , rectangular building on the north . that 's a hospital . this be house here . this be a school and a playground . ( continued ) 37 38 39 37 . continued : on val he 's watch very carefully . this be he department . he stare at the picture , try to memorize every detail . beside he , phil be fast asleep . ext . locker room the room be fill with man in various stage of dress , rascal , clay , Jack , Eugene and virge among they . they wear long underwear next to they skin , then bright blue heat suit over that . pant and blouse over that . then a leather flight jacket with a long extension cord stick out . the blue bunny suit plug into the waist of the flight jacket . thick , fleece - line boot and glove be next , a wool scarf , a helmet , and , finally , a mae West , a deflate yellow life jacket . rascal be fully - dress and look a little stocky with all this clothes on . clay be just pull on he long underwear and he sing as he do it . clay ( sing ) ' I be put on my top hat , tying up my white tie , brush off my tail ... ' rascal there he go , the human jukebox . clay button up the front of he underwear . clay ( sing ) ' I be duding up my shirt front , put in the shirt stud , Polishing my nail ... ' int . briefing room the CO be now stand on the stage . the room be silent . he speak with quiet force and feel , but careful not to let he anxiety and anguish show . co today they have give we a chance to really make a difference in this war . let 's do this job the best we can and leave the rest in the hand of God . ( more ) ( continued ) 39 40 41 42 38 . continued : co ( cont 'd ) with luck it will all be over soon and we can go back home to we family . my thought will be with you and I will not rest until you be back . each and every one of you . dismiss . int . co' office Bruce be yell into the phone . bruce I have talk to six different people and be cut off twice ! I want General eaker on this phone now or I want you name , corporal . I will hold , but you better not cut I ... a second , then he jiggle the cradle . he 's be cut off . int . briefing room the navigator 's briefing be in progress . in the back , two line : one for radio operator ( Danny and the rookie in this one ) and one for bombardier . Val be line up to receive he flimsy , luke with he . they be both watch - ing phil . the group navigator drone on in the b.g . group navigator you will have nil to 3/10 low cloud at takeoff with visibility one to two mile . you will assemble over the field at 3,000 foot ... val so far , so good . on phil he 's awake and pay attention . then we see why . he 's jabbing the sharp point of he compass into he forearm . it 's spot with blood . ext . base clay , Eugene , Jack , virge and rascal be pile into the back of a Jeep park on the edge of the perimeter track . they stare at Danny in shock . ( continued ) 42 43 44 39 . continued : rascal bremen ! we be dead man ! we be dead ! virge shut up , rascal ! rascal you shut up , virgin ! eugene cut it out . clay , what be the odd today ? clay ( calmly , objectively ) well , they will overload we with bomb , so it 's about thirty to one we will crash and blow up on takeoff . then , they be go to throw every fighter they have get at we , so , five to one against we even get to bremen . then , you have get you flak battery ... jack skip the gory detail . clay basically , we be fuck . then Dennis walk up , luke , Val and phil behind he . as soon as the enlist man see Dennis they smile and try to look innocent and happy to be go to bremen . without a word , Dennis get in the front seat of the Jeep and the enlist man make room for the other officer . ext . field they be all in the Jeep , some seat , other hang on to the back or side . they be be drive across the field . luke 's dog run along with the Jeep , barking . ext . southern belle the Jeep halt at the plane . the crew get up and start for the hatches . the ground crew be do a final check , crawl all over the plane . Les be supervise . 45 46 47 48 40 . int . cockpit hundred of dial and switch on the instrument panel . more gadget on the leave and right wall . between the pilot and co-pilot seat be a pedestal with the ignition switch , engine control and throttles . below that , another box with switch and wheel control the trim tabs , elevator and rudder . luke sit in the co-pilot seat . he plug in he intercom and speak . luke soon as you be ready , call in . int . nose the front of the nose be plexiglas . there be two gun on the side , right and leave . under the right gun , a intricate panel of bombing instrument . there be more instrument , dial , gauge and button -- include the bomb release switch -- on the leave . Val take the canvas cover off a complicated device in the very tip of the nose : the norden bombsight . he wipe it carefully with a cloth . val bombardier check in . phil be behind he at a little desk that jut out of the leave wall . above and behind he desk be more equipment : hose , gauge , compass . in the ceiling , a small plexiglas dome . phil very neatly arrange he pencil , compass , ruler , map , flimsy , log book -- everything in its place . phil Navigator check in . int . top turret directly behind the cockpit be a small platform where virge stand . he 's check he twin .50 caliber machine gun in the top turret . they stick out of a small plexiglas bubble in the roof . the turret be hydraulically - operate with hand control ; it whine and clanks as it rotate . directly behind the top turret be the bomb bay . virge top turret check in . int . radio room behind the bomb bay be Danny 's radio room . he have a desk against the leave forward bulkhead . ( continued ) 48 49 50 51 41 . continued : his radio receiver , transmitter and morse code key be on the desk . additional equipment be on little shelf bolt to the right bulkhead , fore and aft . a .50 caliber machine gun point out of a small window in the ceiling -- Danny 's gun . Danny have he headphone on , he codebook open , and be make notation in he log book . his box camera be also on the desk . on he wrist he wear a big red rubber band . danny Radio operator check in . int . ball turret area a area that contain the top of the ball turret . rascal be check he ammunition box . rascal Ball turret check in . int . waist there be two large open window on either side of the plane . the plane have taper and be much narrower towards the back . Jack and Eugene be on they respective side of the fuselage , check they gun and ammo . when in action , Jack and Eugene be hip to hip , with no room to spare . eugene right waist gunner check in . jack Left waist check in . int . tail the tail gun position be very cramped . there 's only room for one man and he have to kneel in front of he twin - 5as . his head stick up into a rectangular box with small window in it , provide maximum view and minimum protection . clay adjust the rope of ammunition which lead from the ammo box to the gun . clay 's lucky horseshoe hang on the leave . clay tail gunner check in . in this section we should have the sense that each crew member know he job inside out and give it he fullest attention . no horsing around now . 52 42 . int . cockpit Dennis and luke be in they seat . Dennis check off item on a clipboard . dennis Auto pilot . luke off . dennis de-icer , anti-icer . luke off . dennis generator . luke off . dennis good . Crew , assume position for takeoff . virge jump down from the top turret and crouch behind the control box . then he tap Dennis on the shoulder and point . Racing towards they across the tarmac be a Jeep . Dennis open he side window . the Jeep slow and a lieutenant yell up to Dennis . lieutenant Captain , there 's a delay . we have get a 9/10th cloud cover over the target . but there 's a strong wind and we be hope it will blow over . stand by you plane until further notice . dennis how long ? lieutenant they do not tell I doodly , sir . the Jeep pull away . luke pound the control column in frustration . luke damnit ! they always do this ! Dennis speak over the interphone . ( continued ) 52 53 54 55 56 43 . continued : dennis Men , we be delay . there 's cloud over the target . they be ask we to stand by until further notice . Danny , tell the other . omitted int . radio room Danny turn around and speak to Jack , Eugene , rascal and clay . danny the target 's cloud up . we be delay . the other guy look at each other , disappointed and relieved at the same time . rascal snafu . jack situation normal ... rascal , jack , eugene , clay all fuck up ! int . cockpit luke be unplugge he interphone cord and take off he headset . virge be still crouch behind the control box . Dennis speak over the interphone . dennis gentlemen , we be stand down for a while . let 's take the extra time to double - double check everything . let 's make this mission we best one yet . virge step up into the top turret . luke start get up from he seat . dennis okay , luke , let 's do the pre- flight check again . fuel transfer valve . ( continued ) 56 57 58 59 44 . continued : luke do you hear ? there 's a complete cloud cover over bremen . we be not go anywhere ! dennis fuel transfer valve . luke off ! they be off before ! they be still off ! dennis intercooler . ext . memphis belle phil drop out of the forward hatch and walk under the belly of the plane . he hoist himself up onto the leave wing , lie down , put a parachute under he head as a pillow and close he eye . ext . farm at the edge of the airfield , a hedgerow and beyond it , a farmhouse , crop , some sheep graze . clay call across to a ruddy farmer , who 's try to repair a ancient horse - pull combine baler . clay busted ? farmer it 's no use , yank . this thing 's old as the hill and there 's not a spare part to be find this day . clay I have get one just like it at home . let I take a look . clay go to a gap in the hedgerow where part of a roll of barb wire be stick . clay pull it out and step through the hedge . int . co' office Bruce be on the phone as the CO come in . Bruce be really wound up . ( continued ) 59 60 61 continued : 45 . bruce well , wake he up at home ! ( cover phone , then to CO ) Washington . co Bruce , I will not tolerate this . if I have to , I will have you arrest and lock up until takeoff . bruce Craig , there will not be any more takeoff if we can not convince people back home daylight bombing make sense . with the Belle I can say , look , they make it , they survive 25 ... co Bruce , if the weather change , they be go . the door open and the S - 2 enter . 8-2 Sir , it look like that cloud cover be break up . h.q. will make a decision in the next ten , fifteen minute . co thank you , corporal . the S - 2 leave . the CO and Bruce look at each other . omitted ext . farm the baler alongside bruce a lot can happen in fifteen minute . ( in phone ) yes , I be still here ! great ! you bet I will hold . be fix and clay be riding it . luke walk and throw a stick to he dog , who chase it . luke be frustrated and impatient with the stand -down . this whole section have anxiety and tension to it . be they go up or not ? why be it always " hurry up and wait ? " ( continued ) 46 . 61 continued : luke all you do be call up on the intercom and say you be have trouble in the tail . i'11 come back and you let I have the gun for five minute . clay it 's against regulation . luke screw regulation . this be my last chance . how be I go to get girl when I go back home if I have not kill a single Nazi ? clay if they find out , they would put my hot dog in a bun and chow down . luke nobody 's go to find out . it 's just between we . I will do anything you say . name you price . the dog charge back with the stick and jump into luke 's arm . clay give I you dog . luke look at clay , speechless . 62 ext . memphis belle virge and rascal by the ball turret . virge be put he tool back in the toolbox . frustrate by the hiatus , virge and rascal be on each other 's nerve more than ever . rascal you be flight engineer ... virge I be flight engineer when we be in flight . Les be ground crew chief and he check it out and it 's okay . rascal I know , but look at it . ( continued ) 62 63 through 65 66 47 . continued : virge I just do ! rascal , how many time ...? you be just nervous rascal I be not just nervous ! it jamme last mission ! I be the one who have to sit in this rat trap ! virge I check it , top to bottom . it 's okay . take it easy , rascal . virge pick up he toolbox and start to walk away . rascal gee , thanks , virgin . virge the name be Virgil . rascal not to I . virge you know , rascal , I could tell you something . rascal what ? tell I , virgin . virge hesitates . he would love to tell rascal and get he off he back . but he can not -- he promise faith . virge nothing . he walk away . rascal continue worry over the turret . omitted ext . memphis belle it have cloud up a bit . it 's quiet . the crew be gather on the leave side of the plane . phil be still asleep on the wing . Dennis be look over he flimsy and clay be whittling a model of the Belle out of soft , white wood . the other guy be nervous , anxious , jumpy . Val be compulsively do sit-up , one after another . ( continued ) 66 48 . continued : rascal can not keep still , he 's drum he finger on he knee , bounce he leg up and down , etc . Eugene be run he St. Anthony medal up and down its chain while Jack be do sleight of hand , pull stick of gum out of Eugene 's nose and ear . luke be fool around with he dog . Danny be write in a composition book . virge be oiling and clean the tool in he toolbox . one slip out of he hand and drop into the box with a clang . Eugene , Jack and rascal jump . rascal Jesus ! eugene virge , do you have to ? virge sorry , I just ... eugene ( to Jack ) stop it ! leave I alone ! clay Seven to one we be not go . val let 's just go . just get it over with . jack I would rather get it over by go to a nice little french target . rascal yeah , so if we have to bail out , we could hide in some little french girl 's hayloft . virge be that all you think about , rascal ? rascal gotta make up for you , virgin . take up the slack . virge shove he . rascal go for he . Eugene grab rascal , clay grab virge . dennis okay , man , calm down . get excited be not go to do any good . relax . be more like phil . ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 2 ) luke and Val exchange a look -- if Dennis only know . then Jack grab Danny 's composition book . jack what be you write , Danny Boy ? poetry ! we have a poet on the plane ! eugene give it back , King Kong . Eugene snatch the book from Jack , toss it to clay , who toss it to virge , who give it back to Danny . val read we something you write , Danny . danny no ... rascal I wanna hear some poetry ! virge come on , come on . danny nothing 's finish . dennis do not be shy , Danny . Jack take out he harmonica and start play a little of " Danny Boy . " Danny blushes . they all look at he , wait . reluctantly , Danny open he book . close shot - notebook everything be cross out . he turn a page or two . same thing , everything be cross out . on danny everyone be watch he . he look down at the book and pretend to read . he start nervously . danny ' I know that I shall meet my fate somewhere among the cloud above ; that that I fight I do not hate , that that I guard I do not love ...! ( continued ) 66 67 50 . continued : ( 3 ) he hesitates . they be listen . it 's very quiet , just the harmonica . Danny recite from memory . danny ' nor law , nor duty bid I fight , ' ' nor public man , nor cheer crowd , a lonely impulse of delight drive to this tumult in the cloud ; I balanced all , bring all to mind , the year to come seem waste of breath , a waste of breath the year behind , in balance with this life , this death .! Long , long silence . the word have express the feel - ing of each of this man , the attraction to the fight and the fear of it ; the threat of death and the excite - ment of its closeness . we focus on Dennis -- he 's particularly strike by the poem . this be a moment suspend in time -- then it 's abruptly break when the jeep race up , skid to a halt and the Lieutenant yell to Dennis . lieutenant Captain , you be go up ! takeoff 's in five minute ! the Jeep speed away . the man quickly grab they clothes and equipment and start towards the hatches . Val shake phil awake and help he down from the wing . clay pull on he jacket and speak to luke . clay okay , Lieutenant , it 's a deal . luke I be not give you my dog . clay I do not want that flea-bitten , mangy pooch anyway . clay jog off to the waist hatch . luke put the dog down , pat he , then also head for the waist hatch . the dog watch he go , then charge across the field toward the control tower . int . cockpit luke climb into he seat and plug himself in . ( continued ) 67 68 69 70 71 72 51 . continued : luke let 's do the preflight check again for good luck . Dennis pick up he clipboard and pencil , then hesitates . dennis luke , if we could decide right now , do we go or do we stay ... what would you choose ? luke be you kid ? go ! I can not wait ! he grab the clipboard and pencil from Dennis . luke fuel transfer valve . open . he start go through the checklist for the third time . ext . control tower balcony the CO nod to the 8 - 2 , who point a flare gun in the air and fire . a green flare shoot up . int . cockpit Dennis flip a switch on the pilot 's control panel . ext . memphis belle the prop on engine one begin turn , then cough and belches a white cloud of smoke . the prop whirl into invisibility . int . radio room Danny be sit at he desk , tuning he radio , make note and eat a candy bar . rascal and clay be sit - ting on the floor against the leave aft bulkhead . rascal compulsively shuffles a deck of card . clay be whittling again . Jack and Eugene sit against the right aft bulk - head . Jack practice he magic on Eugene , make a coin disappear , then pull it out of Eugene 's nose . Eugene be praying and try to brush Jack away . but Jack per - sist , pull a piece of gum out of Eugene 's ear . ext . memphis belle engine two cough and start up . 73 74 75 76 77 78 78a 79 52 . int . nose phil 's desk be vibrate so much it 's hard to keep thing in order . his map slide onto the floor . he pick they up , then he compass fall off , then he ruler . he pick they up and put they in place , then he map slide to the floor again . ext . memphis belle engine three whirl into action . then engine four start up . engine be pounding , rattling the ground all over the field . omitted ext . control tower balcony the CO be on the control tower balcony , watch the scene through binocular . Bruce come out of the control room , steam that he effort to stop the Belle have fail . ext . memphis belle Les signal to the ground crew to pull the chock out from under the front wheel . as two member of the ground crew do it , we see they up close , then we pull back with they and the plane be reveal with all four engine pounding , prop whirling with tremendous speed and power . the plane begin to move forward . ext . base the roar of engine be deafen as twenty - two plane start move off the hardstand onto the runway , get into position for takeoff . there 's no turn back now . the sheer mechanical and human effort to get to this point be monumental , exciting . once they be in line , we see they from above -- plane after plane after plane after plane , engine roaring , the air wrinkle with they fume , wait to go . int . cockpit luke look down at he watch . close shot - watch it be exactly 9:00 . 80 81 82 through 92 93 94 95 through 103 104 53 . ext . control tower balcony the s-2 fire a second flare : this one split into two green prong . ext . runway the lead plane , windy City , open its throttles and hurtle down the runway and soar into the sky , surpris - ingly graceful . then another plane , mama 's boy , charge down the runway and take off . then a third plane , C cup , roar down the runway and take off . omitted ext . runway the Memphis Belle start down the runway . we track with it , keep pace as it pick up speed , steadily , smoothly . the wheel start to lift off the runway . the plane , which have seem too heavy to ever get off the ground , take to the air gracefully , naturally . it soar . finally , we can not keep up with it and we watch as it fly off into the horizon , its roar diminishing and leave we with silence and a empty feel . we can not help they now . they be on they own . ext . hardstand Les and the ground crew watch the plane until it 's go . they feel helpless . Les , exhaust from work twenty - four hour to get to this moment , turn away and pick up he bicycle from the ground . he start to ride back to the barrack . omitted int . cockpit we be inside now . we be rise fast and fly towards a huge , dense cloud . dennis wheel ! luke I know . he flip a switch on the throttle box . there 's a elec - tric whine as the landing gear retract . ( continued ) 104 105 106 107 108 54 . continued : dennis watch the cowl flap . luke ( annoyed ) I know ! and we enter the cloud . visibility be go . there 's nothing but white blankness . it 's like suddenly become blind . it 's terrifying . there 's silence , just the roar of the plane . then , abruptly , without warning , another huge B - 17 appear right in front of we ! we be go to crash into its leave wing . there be no way to avoid the collision . luke look out ! luke duck . Dennis push on the control wheel . he do this calmly , without panic . the nose of the Belle suddenly drop down and virge be throw off - balance and fall hard to the floor . the other plane roar directly overhead . when it 's clear , Dennis straightnes out the plane . this all happen so fast , it 's over before we know it -- but it 's hair-raise and a ominous premo - nition of what 's to come . luke come up from he tuck , amaze they be still in the air . virge pick himself up then touch he forehead . there 's a little gash and he get blood on he finger . omitted ext . memphis belle the plane break out above the cloud into dazzle blue sky and bright sun . it 's spectacularly beautiful . another plane come up on its leave : baby Ruth . int . cockpit luke look out the leave window at the leave wingman . luke baby Ruth . who 's we right wingman ? dennis mother and country . luke swell . the rookie crew . ( continued ) 108 109 110 lil 55 . continued : dennis luke , take over for a second . luke put he hand on the control wheel . Dennis pick up a thermos from the floor , unscrew the lid and pour hot liquid into the cup . Dennis offer the cup to virge . dennis Soup ? virge shake he head . the cut on he forehead have dry . int . waist a fierce wind blows in constantly through the open waist window . Jack unlash he gun and stroke it , fondly . jack okay , mona , let 's get we a nice little 109 today . we get one , let 's do it again . eugene sweet -talking you gun will not help , Jack . just straight shoot . jack butt out , gene . eugene you know , when I get my two Nazi fighter ... jack you be ask for it ! Eugene turn to he side , chuckle . Jack clip he in the back of the leg with he knee , make Eugene crumple and stagger . Jack laugh . int . barracks the room be a mess . Les look around . he close a locker that be leave ajar . he pick up a undershirt lie on the floor , fold it and place it on a bed . pick up a pair of boot and set they under another bunk . he start tucking in the rumple cover of another bed . ext . memphis belle baby Ruth be fly tight on the leave and now the brand new plane , mother and country , come up on the right . 112 113 114 56 . int . nose Val be make adjustment to he bombing instrument on the leave side of the nose . val Captain , okay if I arm my bomb ? dennis ( v.0 . ) go ahead . Val yank out he intercom cord and start towards the back of the nose . phil pull off a class ring from he finger and hold it out . phil Val , take this . val phil , you be not go to die . phil just in case . val you be flak happy . we take a big chance on you . just do you job and shut up ! he do not take the ring . he brushes past phil and go up the hatch to the cockpit . int . bomb BAY Val stand on the narrow catwalk run the length of the bay . there be eight bomb , four on each side -- olive drab bomb with three thin yellow band . Val ease the cotter pin from the nose of one of the bomb . he look at the bomb , then pat it a little as if to calm it down . int . ball turret area virge be help rascal drop down into the ball turret through the entry hatch . virge rascal , there 's nothing wrong with the turret . rascal do not worry you pretty head about it , virge . virge I be just do my job . ( continued ) 114 115 116 117 118 119 57 . continued : rascal now you do it . thanks a lot . rascal disappear into the turret . virge close the hatch on he back . int . ball turret rascal be curl into the womb-like turret . his leg be spread and he foot be set on pedal which control the movement of the turret . there be small window on each side and one large circular window of armored glass in front . he have no room at all . it 's claustrophobic . at the same time , the turret be insubstantial , as if rascal be not in the plane at all , just tenuously cling to its belly . he press the foot pedal , spin the turret around , testing it . int . cockpit ahead and slightly above the Belle be the first flight : windy City in the center , mama 's boy on its leave , C Cup on its right . luke be fasten he oxygen mask . luke we be at ten thousand foot . let 's hear you oxygen check . clay , how be you do back there ? int . tail clay be kneel in front of he twin gun , look down on the formation spread out above and below . plane for mile . he fasten he oxygen mask tight over he nose and mouth , then check the gauge to make sure oxygen be flow . clay ( sing ) ' do not worry ' bout I , I will get along ...!' omitted int . nose on he map , phil have draw a line from bassingbourn , near Cambridge , northeast to swaffham . now he extend the line from swaffham east to great yarmouth , on the british coast . ( continued ) 119 120 121 122 58 . continued : phil Captain , we be exactly five mile south southwest of great yarmouth . this be the rally point . we be in formation . dennis ( v.0 . ) okay , boy , we be on we way . ext . memphis belle first we see the Memphis Belle , fly steady and level . then we pull back to see its two wingment , baby Ruth and mother and country fly tight on the leave and right . we continue pulling back further and further , revealing more and more plane -- b- 17s stack up all over the sky . the formation be compose of three group , each group contain eighteen plane . Memphis Belle be in the first group . within the first group there be three squadron : high , lead and low . Memphis Belle be in the lead squadron . the high squadron be above it , behind and to the leave . the low squadron be below and to the right . each squadron consist of six plane , divide into two flight . the first flight fly above and ahead of the second . in we squadron , the first flight be windy City , mama 's boy and C Cup . Memphis Belle be the lead plane of the second flight , with baby Ruth and mother and country as its leave and right wingment . altogether , there be nearly 500 plane in the air , a majestic sight . contrail -- wide , beautiful strip of vapor -- be stream from they engine . below , the deep green land end in a white coastline . from then on , nothing but grey sea . int . waist Jack and Eugene be at they gun , watch the sky tensely for fighter . Dennis 's voice come over the intercom . dennis ( v.0 . ) listen , man , I be show thirty below zero up here , so keep you glove on . do not touch you gun with you bare hand or you will freeze right to it . I do not want anyone lose any finger . int . radio room Danny carefully wrap the champagne bottle in a extra blue heat suit , set it carefully on the floor under he desk , and plug the socket into the outlet on the wall . ( continued ) 122 123 124 59 . continued : dennis ( v.0 . ) and keep check you mask for freeze saliva . that stuff get down there and block up you oxygen flow . the last thing I need be someone pass out on I . int . ball turret rascal spin the turret around , testing it . it turn smoothly , with a high hydraulic whine . he raise and lower he gun . he 's still worried about the turret , almost try to find something wrong . rascal in short , do not drool . dennis ( v.0 . ) in short , check you mask . int . nose phil take off he watch and set it down on top of he map , where other item be laid out : he dog tag , rabbit 's foot , class ring and baseball card which have black and white photo of the yankee on they . he 's try to decide who get what . Val be in the front of the nose , check the bombsight . dennis ( v.0 . ) keep the intercom free and call out that fighter . make it short and sweet . phil ( to himself ) this be for virge . no , clay . this be for virge . dennis ( v.0 . ) and do not shout . we can hear you loud and clear . let 's make this we best run yet . one we can really be proud of . val right in the pickle barrel , huh , Dennis ? dennis ( v.0 . ) only in the pickle barrel . keep you mind on you job , work together and stay alert . 60 . 125 int . tail clay have drop off to sleep . he have fashioned a little pillow from a extra pair of long john and lodge it between he head and the fuselage wall . 126 int . radio room Danny be tuning he radio . danny Captain , I be get Gracie Allen here . can I put she on ? rascal ( v.0 . ) yeah , yeah ! virge ( v.0 . ) please , sir ! dennis ( v.0 . ) all right , Dennis . but when I say that 's enough ... Danny flip a switch . the voice of GEORGE burn and gracie allen be clear . gracie ( v.0 . ) ... my family be put on a back yard circus , just like we do when I be a kid . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) every spring you kid use to put on you own circus ? gracie ( v.0 . ) yes . of course , admission be free , but that be only for people who could afford it . audience laughter . Danny laugh , too . 127 int . nose phil be still try to figure out who get what . he have add a fountain pen and a air medal to the collection . gracie ( v.0 . ) aunt gertrude be the snake charmer . GEORGE ( v.0 . ) aunt gertrude ? the one who 's so nearsight ? ( continued ) 127 128 129 130 61 . continued : phil clay ... bugene ... Jack ... int . top turret virge be slowly rotate he turret , anxiously watch the blue sky through the plexiglas bubble . gracie ( v.0 . ) yes . she have a little snake and she be suppose to put it in a basket and then blow on a flute until the snake stick its head up . int . waist Jack be behind he gun , watch the sky and eager to get into action . Eugene have make a sign on the back of a old flimsy and now put two piece of electrical tape on it . gracie ( v.0 . ) and what do you suppose happen one Saturday afternoon ? GEORGE ( v.0 . ) she put the flute in the basket and blow on the snake . gracie ( v.0 . ) be not that awful ! Jack laugh . Eugene laugh with Jack and slap he on the back , attach the sign without Jack know it . it read , " couldn't get laid last night ! " int . radio room a loud burst of static . Danny adjust the radio , but the static will not go away . gracie ( v.0 . ) I be the lion tamer . of course , I just use we house cat ... the voice disappear . Danny fiddle with the dial some more . the signal return , but very faintly . gracie ( v.0 . ) but when she get in front of the audience she forget all she trick and just have kitten ... ( continued ) 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 62 . continued : the voice disappear again . this time Danny can not get they back -- there 's only static . disappointed , Danny switch the radio off . silence . dennis ( v.0 . ) okay , test you gun . int . ball turret rascal spin the turret as he fire . the vibration of the gun rattles the turret and go right through he . int . waist Eugene and Jack FIRE out of they two open window . shell casing spit out onto the floor . int . nose phil and Val FIRE they gun -- phil on the leave side , Val on the right . int . tail clay wake up in a panic . he grab he gun and look around for fighter . int . top turret virge stop fire he gun . he put up a hand to shield he eye from the bright sunlight . virge Little friend , three o'clock high ! ext . memphis belle p-47 thunderbolt streak across the sky above the formation , like fat hummingbird . they be careful not to point they nose at or fly directly into the for - mation to avoid be mistaken for enemy aircraft . this one - seat fighter have a single propeller mount in a round , blunt nose with a white ring around the cowling . they have eight machine gun barrel , four on each wing . they zoom effortlessly through the air at 300 m.p.h. and can perform dazzle acrobatics . int . cockpit luke watch as one of the thunderbolt zip by on the far side of mother and country . ( continued ) 137 138 139 63. continued : luke I would give anything to fly a thunderbolt . you be all alone , you can do anything you want . that 's fly . int . waist phil be here , with Jack and Eugene . he have a small , light oxygen tank sling over he shoulder on a strap . it have eight minute of air in it . whenever the man move around the plane for any length of time , they use this little tank , take a hit of oxygen when they need it . both Jack and Eugene have they mask off to talk . phil hand Eugene a fountain pen . phil it 's the best pen money can buy . eugene why can not I have the baseball card ? phil they're for Jack . here , Jack . he hand Jack the baseball card . Jack look longingly at the fountain pen . jack I be really more of a football fan myself . angrily , phil grab the pen from Eugene , thrust it at Jack , then take the card and give they to Eugene . he shout at they . phil happy ? he turn and stomp out of the room . int . radio room Danny be change the film in he camera when he hear the rookie' voice on the radio . rookie ( v.0 . ) mother and country call Memphis Belle . come in . Danny flip a switch on the radio . ( continued ) 139 140 141 64 . continued : danny read you , mother . what 's wrong ? Danny look out he right window . mother and country can be see , fly very close . we might even see the rookie 's head . rookie ( v.0 . ) nothing , Danny , I just have a question . danny we be not suppose to use the radio unless it 's a emergency . rookie ( v.0 . ) oh , sorry . it be just about my log book , whether I should write down every radio communication I hear or just ... danny write down everything at first . then later on ... look , we better sign off . rookie ( v.0 . ) okay . thanks , Danny . I will not bother you again . Danny have wound he camera . he stand up and aim it out the right radio room window . danny I be take you picture . smile . Danny snap the picture . int . nose phil extend the line on he map out across the North Sea . his hand shake and the line go wobbly . dennis ( v.0 . ) we be get close to enemy territory . be on guard . call out that fighter soon as you see they . int . waist Jack be alert , tense , check the sky for fighter . ( continued ) 141 142 143 143a 65 . continued : he check from eight to ten o'clock , high and low . he still be not aware of the sign on he back . Eugene also watch the sky , nervously . his duty be two o'clock to four o'clock , high and low . eugene clay , you really sing great last night . you should do like we keep say . after the war go to to Hollywood and get a record contract like Frank Sinatra . jack yeah , so we can say we know you when . omitted int . tail clay have a bird 's eye view of the formation , spread out in perfect " versus " across the sky . it 's a spectacular sight . clay be whittling he model plane . he look up occasionally for fighter -- he area be mainly four to eight o'clock low . clay Nah . I be gonna get a nice little farm and a nice little wife and settle down . int . cockpit Dennis be intently fly the plane . luke be , as usual , sit beside he with nothing to do . clay ( v.0 . ) luke 's the one should go to Hollywood . he could star in the movie . luke maybe , maybe . I do not know what I be go to do after the war . except not work . rascal yeah , luke , why go back to the daily grind of be a lifeguard ? take it easy ! ( continued ) 143a 144 145 145 a 66 . continued : virge ( v.0 . ) I know exactly what I be go to do . rascal virge , if I hear one more word about that stupid restaurant ... omitted int . top turret virge be slowly turn in he turret , watch the upper sky , all hour of the clock . virge it 's not stupid ! at least I have get a plan . what be you go to do after the war , rascal ? rascal ( v.0 . ) come to you restaurant and rob it ! int . nose Val be behind he gun on the right front side of the nose . he 's search the sky , twelve to three o'clock high and low . phil be on he gun on the leave side , check the sky nine to twelve , high and low . jack ( v.0 . ) Val 's the smart one . he 's almost a doctor already . what kind of doctor be you go to be , Val ? val a rich one . what about phil ? what should he be after the war ? nerves on edge , phil look at Val . val wait . I have get it . < a mortician ! Val cackle with laughter . phil do not think it 's funny at all . he turn away . 146 147 67 . int . cockpit above and ahead , the first flight can be see , still stream contrail from they engine . dennis fellas , think about this . my family have a furniture business . we make furniture , sell it . you can all come work for I . silence . dennis like I say , do not give it a think . luke that 's just what we need , you order we around the rest of we life . ' do the pre-flight check !! rascal ( v.0 . ) " do not hog the intercom ! ' virge ( v.0 . ) ' keep you glove on ! ' danny ( v.0 . ) ' check you mask !' jack ( v.0 . ) ' call out that fighter ! ' clay ( v.0 . ) ' let 's make this we best one yet ! ' val ( v.0 . ) " right in the pickle barrel ! ' laughter all around the plane . dennis I be not that bad . int . radio room Danny be behind he gun . he watch the sky from four to eight , high . clay ( v.0 . ) Danny boy , you do not say what you be gonna do when it 's all over . ( continued ) 147 148 149 150 151 68 . continued : danny ( hesitantly ) clay , I do not really like talk about it . I mean , what if something happen ... ( hesitates ) what I mean be , it just seem so far away , that 's all . a silence as the man think about how far away the end of the war really be . now Danny feel bad for spoil the mood . danny I be sorry , guy . suddenly , Eugene 's voice call out , sharply . eugene ( v.0 . ) bandit , five o'clock high ! int . waist Eugene swing he gun towards the rear and aim at two tiny speck in the sky . he 's already nervous , jumpy . int . top turret virge spin he turret to five o'clock and sight in the fighter with he two big .50 caliber , excited and anxious . int . tail clay , calm as ever , put down he penknife and model plane , take hold of he gun and aim they at five o'clock . int . cockpit luke look out he window . the thunderbolt be peel off to chase the fighter . luke go get them , little friend ! dennis hold you fire till Gerry 's in range . do not waste ammunition . 152 153 154 69 . int . waist Eugene open FIRE at the fighter , still far away . dennis ( v.0 . ) I say , hold you fire ! Eugene stop fire . jack that be geenie the weenie . Jack laugh and look at Eugene . Eugene fake a kick to Jack 's groin . Jack do not even flinch , he just laugh . ext . memphis belle the thunderbolt and german fighter rush at each other at a combine speed of over 600 m.p.h. , firing away . just when the fighter seem about to collide , the thunderbolt peel away and soar off into the sky . the m - 109 keep come . they be smaller and more sleek than the thunderbolt , like cigar with wing . they can do anything they want . int . waist Jack be excited and eager ; Eugene nervous and jittery . clay ( v.0 . ) they be a-comin ' . dennis ( v.0 . ) call they out . virge ( v.0 . ) six o'clock high ! jack nine o'clock high ! phil ( v.0 . ) ten o'clock high ! eugene Three o'clock high ! Jack open FIRE . so do Eugene . the room throbs from the vibration of the gun . shell spit out onto the floor . 155 156 157 158 159 70 . int . radio room Danny fire out of he little open in the roof . he can not see much , just a piece of bright sky . int . cockpit right behind the cockpit , virge be firing he twin .50 caliber . the sound be deafen . luke twist anxiously in he seat , try to see what 's happen . dennis luke , do you job . the gunner will do theirs . eugene ( v.0 . ) break low to five o'clock ! Ball turret , look out ! int . ball turret rascal spin the turret and fire at a fighter zipping by at a incredible speed . rascal that guy have blue eye . ext . memphis belle there be plane all over the sky . it 's hard to tell who be who . tracers streak the air . b- 17s FIRE back . it 's chaotic . the fighter be dazzle , fly ring around the bigger plane . dennis ( v.0 . ) keep call they out ! eugene ( v.0 . ) they be leave we alone . virge ( v.0 . ) they be go after the first flight . int . cockpit fighter be converge on the three plane above , really give they hell . engine two of the lead plane burst into flame . luke windy City 's on fire ! 160 161 162 163 71 . omitted int . nose through the nose we can see the german fighter soar off into the sky , flee from the burn plane . phil why be not they do something ? be they asleep ? val bail out , you guy ! phil come on , get out of there ! val Jesus , there 's a hole in the pilot 's window ! suddenly , windy CITY explode in a huge ball of flame . int . cockpit the ball of flame become a massive black cloud straight ahead . luke watch out ! dennis hold on , everyone ! luke brace himself . Dennis grip the control column as we fly straight into the huge black cloud . int . waist the room be fill with smoke , get in Jack and Eugene 's eye . Eugene cry out . dennis ( v.0 . ) call in ! clay ( v.0 . ) tail . eugene right waist . jack Left waist . 72 . 164 int . ball turret smoke fill the ball turret . bit of metal be pinging against the plexiglas . rascal be jump out of he skin . rascal Ball turret ! get we out of here ! 165 int . cockpit Dennis be grip the wheel , try to control the plane as it 's buffete around in the black cloud . danny ( v.0 . ) Radio operator . virge ( v.0 . ) top turret . there be a loud thunk and the plane rock . dennis keep call in ! suddenly , we come out of the black cloud into sunshine that seem twice as bright as before . luke copilot . val ( v.0 . ) bombardier . beat . dennis Navigator , call in ! Navigator ! 166 int . nose phil be paralyze , stare at the nose . it 's cover in blood and the blood be stream back from the tip in rivulet and freezing . Val have not see it yet . val phil ! phil ! phil Navigator . sorry . I be fine . dennis ( v.0 . ) when I say call in , I mean right away . ( continued ) 166 167 168 73 . continued : Val shake he head in annoyance of phil , then turn around and see the blood . val fuck ! somebody 's gut be all over the nose ! dennis ( v.0 . ) any damage ? Crew , check you station . the blood have freeze in a ring around the nose . it glint in the sun , horrible , but also weirdly pretty . phil can not take he eye off it . val nose okay . danny ( v.0 . ) Radio room okay . jack ( v.0 . ) waist okay . clay ( v.0 . ) tail okay . phil shake himself out of he trance and turn back to he gun . dennis ( v.0 . ) call out that bandit . int . top turret virge spin he turret , check the sky . it 's peaceful , as if nothing have happen . virge they be go . clay ( v.0 . ) hit and run . int . cockpit ahead , C Cup and mama 's boy draw closer together . friendly fighter patrol the sky in the b.g . danny ( v.0 . ) Captain , I just hear from C Cup . they be take over the lead . ( continued ) 168 169 170 74 . continued : dennis hear that , Val ? val ( v.0 . ) Roger . dennis C Cup be lead plane now . when they drop they bomb , so do we . val ( v.0 . ) get it . pause , then Dennis look at luke . dennis any chute from windy City ? int . waist Eugene and Jack 's face be smudge with soot . Eugene 's eye be water and he rub they . jack that guy do not have time to pee they pants . clay ( v.0 . ) if you gotta go , that 's the way . virge ( v.0 . ) here one minute , go the next . phil ( v.0 . ) do we have to talk about it ? int . ball turret - rascal' face be also greasy from the soot and he wipe it with he scarf . rascal hey , I hear a good one from the waist gunner on windy City . what be he name ? jack ( v.0 . ) cooley . rascal I mean the leave one . ( continued ) 170 171 172 75 . continued : jack ( v.0 . ) cooley ! rascal I mean the right one . virge ( v.0 . ) I know the guy . rascal tall guy . clay ( v.0 . ) not so tall . rascal everyone 's tall to I . int . nose phil extend the pencile line across the North Sea and above a string of island skirt the northern coast of Holland , the frisian Islands . we be approach Germany fast . again , phil 's hand shake and he line be not as straight as it should be . virge ( v.0 . ) lindquist . rascal ( v.0 . ) no , no , no . virge ( v.0 . ) something like that . rascal ( v.0 . ) virge , you be not even close . we dissolve from the map to -- ext . memphis belle the real coastline , match the map perfectly : the curve of Holland 's coastline and the frisian Islands . rascal ( v.0 . ) anyway ... a plane get shot down . this guy bail out . the gestapo get he . his leg 's break and they have to amputate ... 76 . 173 int . ball turret - rascal turn slowly in the turret , search the sky below for fighter as he speak . rascal he say , ' do I a favor . after you cut it off , give it to one of you pilot and have he drop it over my base in England . ' so they do it . dennis ( v.0 . ) rascal , do not tie up the intercom . rascal this be real quick . 174 int . top turret - virge slowly revolve in the top turret , carefully watch the sky , listen . rascal ( v.0 . ) a week later they have to take off the guy 's other leg . same thing . ' could you have someone drop it over my base in England ? ' and they do it . 175 int . radio room - danny notice that he camera have move to the edge of he desk and be about to fall off . he grab it just in time and push it to safety . rascal ( v.0 . ) next week , they have get to cut off he arm . he ask they again , ' could you please have someone drop it over my base in England ?! this time they say , ( german accent ) ' nein . Zis have can not do anymore . '! 176 int . ball turret - rascal sit a little forward to deliver the punchline . rascal the guy say , ' why not ? ' and they say , ( german accent ) ' ve sink you be try to escape ! ' 77 . 177 int . cockpit the sound of laughter from all over the plane . luke be now fly the plane . Dennis be have more soup . luke pretty good , rascal . I think even Dennis like that one . eugene ( v.0 . ) stoller ! that 's he name . jack ( v.0 . ) no ... no ... virge ( v.0 . ) stoller be not on windy City . eugene ( v.0 . ) you sure ? jack ( v.0 . ) wait , it will come to I . clay ( v.0 . ) I can see the guy 's face . virge ( v.0 . ) I , too . a long , bleak pause as they think about it . then rascal break the silence . rascal ( v.0 . ) well , whatever he name be , it 's a good joke . dennis okay , man , let 's stop fool around . the gerries be out there . let 's look sharp . in the b.g. , the thunderbolt peel off from the formation . luke damn , be the little friend leave already ? virge ( v.0 . ) they sure know when to run out of fuel . clay ( v.0 . ) they be not dumb . 178 ext . memphis belle the thunderbolt gather in a squadron above the formation . ( continued ) 178 179 180 181 182 78 . continued : below , the grey sea end in brown and green countryside . the thunderbolt wiggle they wing , then drop away from the formation , one by one . dennis ( v.0 . ) Navigator , give I a position . int . nose - phil start to draw a line south - southeast , right into Germany . phil Sir , that 's the third Reich down there . jack ( v.0 . ) now the shit really hit the fan . omitted int . co' office the office be scrupulously neat , the desk clean and clear . there 's the loud ticking of a clock . it 's unnaturally quiet -- none of the usual hustle and bustle of the base . the CO be sit at he desk , sharpen pencil . the pencil be already as sharp as can be , but he continue to sharpen they , one after another . suddenly , a rap on the door and the S - 2 enter . 8 -2 Sir , you would better come take a look . int . mess hall prepations be underway for a party . a banner be be hang from the ceiling : " congratulation memphis belle ! 25 mission ! " a stage be be set up , table be be arrange , streamer be be strung . Bruce be arrange it all . the CO come up to he . co what 's the meaning of this ? a couple of man be roll in a piano . bruce on the stage . thanks . just a little party , Colonel . ( continued ) 79 . 182 continued : co I do not order this . bruce leave this stuff to I . the Memphis Belle 's my job . co and my job be to approve everything on this base . I do not authorize a homecome ... bruce Craig , you work too hard at be ahardass . what 's the harm in a little party in honor of this guy ? they be special . co I have twenty - four crew up there . they be all special to I . bruce that 's great story , but bullshit 's my business and I know it when I see it . all you care about be put plane in the air . result . brown-nose h.q. the only man ... the CO interrupt , grab Bruce 's arm . co come with I ! 183 int . co' office the CO come in , Bruce behind he . the CO be tremble with anger . he shout at Bruce . co sit down ! bruce Craig , look ... co sit down ! Bruce sit . the CO open a bottom drawer and take out a handful of letter . he put they on he clean desk top . ( continued ) 183 184 80 . continued : co start read . this one 's from the mother of a boy who get he head blow off over lorient . start with that . bruce Craig , I think you be crack up . co read it ! the CO give he the letter . Bruce start to read it . over , we hear the letter read by the voice of a father . Bruce read it casually at first , then little by little it get to he , move he . the CO put another pile of letter on the desk , then another . they start to spill over onto the floor . father ( v.0 . ) dear Colonel harriman , I want to thank you for you letter of sympathy about my son Tommy . he be only at you base a month , but he must have make a big impression because you describe he right down to he boot . I wish you could have tell I how Tommy die , but I understand we have to be careful about security this day . I be glad he be brave and do he job to the end . maybe he mother and I raise he right after all . I guess we will get use to he be go , but not too soon , I hope . well , I can always read you letter and that will bring he back . sincerely , Thomas R. Maguire . during the read we -- CUT to : int . nose phil behind he gun , watch for fighter , sweat dribble down the side of he face and freezing . over , we continue to hear the letter read , and then hear a second voice , voice of a sister reading another letter . 185 186 187 81 . int . ball turret rascal , on edge , cold , wait for fighter . another voice , voice of a brother , begin . the voice be layer on top of each other . now we can only pick up a word here , a phrase there . int . radio room Danny , behind he gun , worried , tense , look up into he piece of sky for enemy aircraft . then we -- CUT to : ext . memphis belle outside of the plane . the Memphis Belle and its two wingment . then , as more and more voice spill on top of the other the way the letter spill on top of the CO 's desk . we CUT wider and wider until the screen be filled with the entire formation and the soundtrack be fill with the voice reading they letter to the command Officer , convey the enormity of the air war -- each plane contain ten young , fragile life , head into battle . abruptly , the sequence end with -- CUT to : german fighter shoot through the formation like a swarm of angry bee . there be I - 109 and also fw - 190s . this be fatter than the 109 and have blunt , snub nose similar to the thunderbolt . clay ( v.0 . ) bandit , five o'clock low ! eugene ( v.0 . ) Three o'clock high , too ! virge ( v.0 . ) they be all over the place ! dennis ( v.0 . ) do not yell on the intercom . rascal ( v.0 . ) see this guy at eight level ? Left waist , see he ? 188 189 189 a 189b 189c 190 82 . int . waist Jack eagerly aim at the fighter . one side of the sign on he back be unstuck and be hang from he shoulder . jack I see he ! come to daddy ! that 's the way . that 's the ... he open FIRE at the fighter come in from the rear of the plane . as Jack swing he gun to the right to follow it , the wind catch the sign on he back and it flap up into he face . jack what the fuck ? I have he ! he be right there ! goddamit ! he rip the sign off he shoulder and read it . he can not believe it . he turn to Eugene , who be firing out he side and have not see this . Jack 's about to grab Eugene when rascal 's voice interrupt he . rascal ( v.0 . ) here he come around again , leave waist ! Jack , get the greedy bastard ! Jack turn back to he gun and fire . omitted int . top turret virge pound he gun at the fighter . int . tail clay rattles he gun at a fighter up in the sky . int . nose Val and phil be both firing out of they side of the nose . int . waist Eugene reach up to touch he St. Anthony medal , but it 's not there . alarm , he pull off he oxygen mask and speak to Jack . eugene my medal ! have you see it ? ( continued ) 190 191 192 83 . continued : Jack spy it on the floor , reach down and pick it up -- the chain have break . eugene thanks . Eugene reach for it . but instead of give it to he , Jack angrily throw it out the window . Eugene scream . eugene why would you do that ? jack now we be even ! Jack turn back to he gun . dennis ( v.0 . ) right waist ? right waist , call in ! Radio operator , get back there and see what 's happen ! int . radio room Danny pull off he oxygen mask and pull out he inter - com cord . int . waist Danny come into the waist and Eugene grab he . he 's frantic . eugene my medal , it 's go ! I be finish , Danny , I be finish ! danny stop it , gene ! wait ! Danny quickly pull off he glove and take off the big red rubber band around he wrist . danny take my lucky rubber band . it really work . he put it on Eugene . danny you be okay now . go get them . ( continued ) 192 193 194 195 84 . continued : Danny pat he on the back , then go back through the forward bulkhead . Eugene look at the rubber band and decide it 's better than nothing . he put he oxygen mask back on , give Jack a kick in the butt , grab he gun , sight in a fighter and start firing . ext . memphis belle a fighter swoops down from above , firing away . C Cup be all that remain of the first flight . val ( v.0 . ) 190 , twelve o'clock high ! luke ( v.0 . ) he 's go for C Cup . look out , look out ! the nose of C Cup shatter . a man be blow out and start to fall . no parachute open . int . nose Val and phil look down through the nose at the fall man . phil Jesus , he do not have a parachute . how long would it take to fall ? val too long . somehow , C Cup remain above . but the nose be go and wire and equipment dangle from it . dennis ( v.0 . ) everybody , make sure you have get you parachute . phil reach under he desk for he parachute . int . ball turret rascal spin in the turret , look for fighter . rascal parachute ? there be not room for a hard - on in here ! dennis ( v.0 . ) I know , ball turret , but put you safety strap on . ( continued ) 195 196 197 198 85 . continued : rascal it hurt . dennis ( v.0 . ) put it on ! rascal take the strap , a thin strip of canvas , and put it between he leg . he snap it into place above . it 's tight and uncomfortable . int . radio room Danny be at he radio . danny Captain , I just get word from C Cup . they be drop out of formation . we be in the lead now . int . cockpit C Cup be lose speed and altitude . we start to pass it . it look like a ghost ship . Dennis have again take control of the plane . dennis okay , Danny . give I C channel to talk to group . luke poor bastard . virge ( v.0 . ) they be dead meat . clay ( v.0 . ) the bogeyman will get they . eugene ( v.0 . ) bye-bye , C Cup . there be a sharp crackle on the intercom . danny ( v.0 . ) Sir , you be on to group . dennis this be the Memphis Belle . ext . memphis belle the Belle be now the lead plane , lead the entire group . ( continued ) 198 199 200 201 202 203 204 86 . continued : Dennis be sober by the responsibility of what he have to do . he speak quietly , with humility , to the other captain . dennis ( v.0 . ) we be lead plane now . I will try my best to put that bomb right in the pickle barrel and get we out of here safe . I be go to need all the help you can give I . let 's tighten up out there and be on we toe . we be three minute , thirty second from the bomb run . int . nose Val fire at a fighter come in a little to the right . val bloodsucker , nine o'clock level ! Ball turret , watch out ! rascal start to spin the turret around , but suddenly it stick and will not move . rascal I be jamme ! he 's come right at I ! virge , help ! he stomp on the control pedal , but nothing happen . int . top turret virge pull off he oxygen mask , yank out he intercom cord and jump down from the turret . int . bomb BAY virge run down the narrow catwalk through the bomb bay . int . radio room Danny be shoot he gun into the sky as virge run past he and through the aft bulkhead doorway . int . ball turret rascal stomp on the pedal again and again . suddenly the turret unstick , whirl around and rascal fire . ext . memphis belle the fighter explode in a ball of flame . 205 206 207 208 209 210 87 . int . ball turret rascal scream at the fighter . rascal and you mother , too ! int . ball turret area virge drop to he knee beside the turret , breathe hard . he look at the top of the turret -- it 's turn smoothly . virge what 's he problem ? virge shake he head in annoyance , then start back towards the front of the plane . ext . memphis belle a fighter appear out of nowhere , buz down on the leave , machine gun blasting . int . waist bullet rip through the waist and Jack be knock to the floor . his oxygen mask be rip from he face . eugene Jack 's hit ! int . nose Val be do some adjustment to he instrument panel . phil be firing out he side of the plane . dennis ( v.0 . ) Val , run back and look at Jack . val Captain , I be two minute from the bomb run ! dennis ( v.0 . ) okay . gene , you be go to have to take care of he . Val be very relieved . int . waist Eugene kneel beside Jack , who be squirming and yell . Eugene tear open Jack 's pant leg around the wound on he leave thigh . Eugene pull off he oxygen mask to talk . ( continued ) 210 211 88 . continued : eugene Jack , hold still ! let I look ! blood be already freezing around the wound . Eugene examine it . then he start to laugh . jack would you help ? eugene it 's a scratch ! look ! it 's nothing , and you be scream like a stick pig ! Jack look at he leg . Eugene 's right , it 's nothing . then Jack see he harmonica stick out from he tear pant leg pocket . it 's bent -- clearly it deflect the bullet . jack my harmonica ! goddamnit , my favorite harmonica ! laugh , Eugene quickly wrap he flight scarf around Jack 's leg , tie it , then pull Jack to he foot . then Jack reach behind Eugene 's ear and pull out the St. Anthony medal . Eugene look at it , astonished . eugene how would you do that ? Jack smile , sheepishly . jack Magic . bugene take the medal and beam at Jack . ext . memphis belle the fighter have disappear . everything be peaceful . dennis ( v.0 . ) keep call them out . virge ( v.0 . ) they be go . rascal ( v.0 . ) Christ , you know what that mean . clay ( v.0 . ) flak , nine o'clock level ! ( continued ) 89 . 211 continued : rascal ( v.0 . ) that 's what I be afraid of . Black puff start to blossom in the sky around the plane . they make a soft poof as they explode . a red flame can be see for a brief second in the center of each explosion . no sooner do the smoke start to dis - sipate than fresh puff appear . luke ( v.0 . ) they have get something like 500 flak battery around bremen . virge ( v.0 . ) I could live without know that , Lieutenant . 211a int . tail clay be write in the frost that have collect on the inside of he leave window . jack ( v.0 . ) clay , what be the odd of we get out of here alive ? clay I be just figure that out . he write " Three to one . " 212 int . ball turret a black puff explode not far from the turret and there 's a sharp bang on the side of the turret . rascal jump . rascal Jesus ! dennis ( v.0 . ) Ball turret , what 's wrong ? rascal a big piece of ass fuck Nazi flak just hit my turret ! dennis ( v.0 . ) be you okay ? rascal I guess . dennis ( v.0 . ) you guess or you be ? ( continued ) 212 213 214 215 216 90 . continued : rascal I be . one of the little window on the side of the turret have be knock out . a frigid wind blow in . rascal try to plug it up with he flight scarf . int . cockpit the constant patter continue , like metal rain . dennis I hope we be all wear we flak jacket . int . waist Eugene and Jack grab they heavy , bib-like flak jacket from the floor and struggle into they . int . radio room Danny be put on he flak jacket when the rookie 's voice come over the radio . Danny glance out he right window at mother and country . rookie ( v.0 . ) ( nervously ) Danny , quick question . this flak , it 's not like I expect . can not the captain do something , avoid it or something ? danny not this close to the bomb run . you have to fly straight through or you will be off target . it 's just four minute . rookie ( v.0 . ) ( nervous laugh ) just . suddenly , a bang and a hole open in the leave wall of the radio room and a small , sizzling piece of flak skate across Danny 's desk , dig a scar in the wood and land on top of he log book . it burn a little hole in the top page . Danny brushes the jag , black piece of shrapnel away . int . cockpit we be fly through a massive flak barrage . constant pinging and rattling on the outside of the plane . it 's incessant , unnerve . ( continued ) 216 217 218 gl . continued : phil ( v.0 . ) this be the bomb run . we be exactly four minute from target . Dennis put he finger on the automatic pilot switch . it 's on the control box below the throttles . dennis bombardier , I be turn on the auto pilot . you be fly the plane from here to delivery . he flip the switch . light flicker on the instrument panel . int . nose Val be bent over the bombsight , make careful adjust - ment . he work with great concentration , ignore the flak barrage that can be see directly ahead through the nose . dennis ( v.0 . ) seventy thousand pound of bomb be go to drop on you command . I want pinpoint bombing . val yes , sir . dennis ( v.0 . ) pinpoint . int . cockpit Black smoke be smear all over the sky . puff appear constantly . the rattling on the outside of the plane have grow louder . it do not give you a moment 's peace . luke Christ , I have never see it this thick before . suddenly , a loud bang and blood spray all over the cock - pit . the instrument panel , windshield , Dennis and luke be drench . virge ( v.0 . ) what be that ? dennis luke 's hit ! ( continued ) 218 92 . continued : luke Dennis be hit ! virge rip off he oxygen mask and jump down from the top turret to look at they . virge Jesus ! Dennis and luke examine themselves : Dennis rationally , luke in a panic . dennis it 's not I . it must be you . luke it be not I ! dennis ( to virge ) I think he 's in shock . luke I be not in shock ! you be in shock ! virge Val , you better get up here fast . val ( v.0 . ) I be on the fuck bomb run ! virge see something on the floor and reach for it . dennis it 's not I . luke I , either ! dennis it 's get to be somebody . there 's blood all over the cockpit . virge pick up Dennis 's thermos off the floor , cut in two . virge tomato soup . he start to laugh . it take luke a moment to get over he terror , but then he start laugh , too . Dennis be relieved . then , suddenly , a incredible bang and the plane rock violently . ( continued ) 218 219 220 221 93 . continued : ( 2 ) dennis what be that ? rascal ( v.0 . ) there 's a hole as big as my dick in the leave wing ! ext . memphis belle the hole be about two foot in diameter . it 's between engine one and two . Gas be leak . int . cockpit the needle on one of the fuel gauge be sink . luke we be lose fuel ! dennis virge , get on the fuel transfer pump . virge turn around , bend down and flick the transfer lever . luke hurry ! virge the electrics must be out on the leave side . the pump be not respond . I will do it by hand . dennis luke , work with he . we have get to save as much fuel as we can . virge run into the bomb bay . val ( v.0 . ) two minute to target . clay ( v.0 . ) let 's drop that bomb and get out of here ! int . nose Val pull a lever on he control panel on the leave side of the fuselage . val bomb bay door open . 222 223 224 225 226 94 . int . bomb BAY virge be stand on the narrow catwalk at the front end of the bomb bay , work the fuel transport pump switch when the bomb bay door start to open . he look down at the ground , so far below . suddenly , a flak shell burst right below the bomb bay . there 's a frantic clicking as piece of shrapnel hit the bomb . virge look through the bomb bay into the radio room and meet Danny 's eye . int . nose Val take he eye from the bombsight and look out the nose . although the day be perfectly clear , the ground ahead be cover with low - lie white smoke . val bombardier to Captain . the target 's cover . look like a smoke screen . Val flip down the safety latch on the bomb release button . it 's on the leave side , next to the bomb bay door control . int . cockpit virge come out of the bomb bay . virge fuel transport complete . we save some of it . dennis bombardier , how 's that target ? Pov through bombsight - target house , a river and the beginning of the smoke screen . there be two crosshair which Val manipulate with course knob on either side of the bombsight . val ( 0.8s . ) target totally obscure . int . nose Val flip some switch and set a couple of dial on the control panel . he do this with quick precision , then look through the sight again . val thirty second to delivery . 227 228 229 95 . int . cockpit flak be still pummel the outside of the plane . Black smoke be smear all over the sky . the plane wobble . dennis bombardier , I need that bomb on target . the whole group be bombing with we . val ( v.0 . ) if I can not see , I can not see . Dennis reach down and put he hand on the auto pilot . luke look at he in shock . luke what do you think you be do ? dennis we come here to bomb a factory . we be go to bomb a factory even if it mean go around again . luke be you crazy ? you go around on a bomb run , that 's like send out a engrave invitation to the Nazis to blow we away ! dennis luke , I be in command ! int . nose Val put he finger on the bomb release button . val Dennis , what do you want I to do ? on phil at he desk , watch Val , terrify . int . cockpit Dennis have take he finger off the auto pilot switch . dennis bombardier , give I a report . val ( v.0 . ) visibility zero . ( continued ) 229 250 251 252 96 . continued : Dennis reach for the switch . luke you do it and we be dead . Dennis flip the auto pilot to " off . " dennis we be go around again . luke fuck ! dennis Danny , give I C channel again . int . nose Val take he finger off the bomb release button and adjust the bombsight . phil lunge for the button . Val see he out of the corner of he eye and grab phil 's hand just before he can push it . he shove phil back , then snap the safety catch back on the button . phil sit in he chair , shaking . ext . memphis belle the Belle bank into a sharp turn to the leave . baby Ruth and mother and country follow . dennis ( v.0 . ) it will take we five minute to get back to the start of the bomb run . Navigator , give I a postition . int . nose phil be sit at he table , but unable to work , to focus . dennis ( v.0 . ) Navigator , do you hear I ? phil look up and meet Val 's gaze . they look at each other a long moment . then phil turn back to he map . phil yes , sir . he try to pull himself together and begin to work . 97 . 233 int . cockpit Dennis bank out of the turn and straighten out the plane . dennis everybody listen . I know you want to drop the bomb and get the hell out of here . but there 's civilian down there , there 's a school right next door and if we do not get this bomb right in the pickle barrel , a lot of innocent people be go to be kill . luke they be all Nazis , what difference ...? dennis luke , shut up ! luke glare at he . 254 int . waist Jack and Eugene be both listen . Eugene clutches he St. Anthony medal , the break chain dangle . dennis ( v.0 . ) I do not want to go around again any more than you do . but we be send here to bomb a factory and if we do not do it , somebody 's go to have to come back here again and do it for we . 255 int . ball turret flak be bursting right outside rascal 's turret and patter against it . he 's shiver from the cold blow in the break window . dennis ( v.0 . ) nobody promise we it would be fun and game . it 's we job . our , nobody else 's . 256 int . tail clay look at the odd he write on the condensation on he side window : 3 to l. ( continued ) 256 257 238 239 98 . continued : dennis ( v.0 . ) if we do it right , it 's something we can be proud of we whole life . that 's all I want , believe I . with a swipe , he wipe they away . all bet be off now . int . cockpit luke have not take he eye off Dennis . dennis now , let 's get back to work , stay alert and call out that fighter soon as you see they . silence . the flak have stop . Dennis feel luke 's stare and look over at he . they exchange a long , long look , then Dennis break it . suddenly , virge call out . virge ( v.0 . ) bandit , three o'clock high ! ext . memphis belle the plane have straighten and baby Ruth and mother and country have close in tight beside it . a squadron of fighter appear high in the sky , queue up , ready to come in . they dive down at the formation , one after another . eugene ( v.0 . ) ten o'clock , too ! jack ( v.0 . ) two of they , come in at eight . rascal ( v.0 . ) I do not like be in the lead . clay ( v.0 . ) yep , we be the piece of shit the fly be headin ' for . virge ( v.0 . ) here they come , here they come ! int . ball turret rascal spin the turret and start firing . 240 241 242 99 . int . waist both Eugene and Jack open up , firing out of they side of the plane . int . cockpit gun be firing all over the plane . virge 's gun throbs right behind the cockpit . luke be jumpy . virge ( v.0 . ) bandit , twelve o'clock high ! cockpit , look out , he 's head straight for you ! luke look up in terror at the fighter zoom in at he , firing away . luke what be I suppose to do , spit at he ? luke duck he head down , as the fighter buzy right at they . Dennis do not even glance up . the fighter pass overhead . luke come up from he tuck . he 's jump out of he skin . luke tail gunner , how be you do back there ? clay ( v.0 . ) jus ' fine , Lieutenant . luke let I know if you need help . int . tail clay calmly fire at a fighter barrel - roll under the Belle . it 's already on fire . clay sure will . but I be doin ' just ... he hesitates . he remember . then , a little too obviously : clay oh , right , Lieutenant ! I do need some help back here ! 100 . 243 int . cockpit luke pull off he oxygen mask , yank out he intercom cord and start to get up . dennis tail gunner , what 's wrong ? clay ( v.0 . ) I be runnin ' out of ammo . luke I will take care of it . dennis can not somebody else do it ? right waist , leave waist ? jack ( v.0 . ) Captain , we get fighter all over we back here . luke Dennis , I be the only one not do anything . dennis ( a beat ; then ) okay , but make it fast . luke step over the control box , squeeze past virge and head into the bomb bay . 244 int . radio room luke go past Danny , who 's firing up into the sky , then through the aft bulkhead doorway . from here we see luke go the length of the plane to the tail . 245 omitted 246 int . nose Val be bent over the bombsight , make adjustment , turn dial . phil take off he mask to talk . so do Val . phil Val , I be sorry . I do not know what 's wrong with I . ( continued ) 246 247 248 249 250 101 . continued : val you be a coward , that 's what 's wrong . a big fuck coward and you be in real trouble when we get back down on the ground . now leave I alone and let I do my job ! Val refasten he mask and turn back to the bombsight . phil turn back to he map . int . tail luke come into the tail and change place with clay . he kneel in front of the gun with clay behind he , watch over he shoulder . jack ( v.0 . ) 190 break to ten o'clock . virge ( v.0 . ) another one , high at three . Radio operator , hear I ? danny ( v.0 . ) gotcha . thanks , virge . luke look around for fighter , but none be in sight . luke come on , come on ... ext . memphis belle a speck appear way down below , dodging through the formation at a fantastic speed . fortress FIRE at it , but it keep come . rascal ( v.0 . ) tail gunner , see that bandit at seven low ? he 's all yours , clay . int . tail luke eagerly aim he gun down at the approach plane . ext . memphis belle the fighter keep come . it flip over on its back and zoom toward the Belle 's tail , machine gun blasting . 251 252 253 254 255 256 257 102 . int . tail luke open FIRE . he follow the fighter up past the tail . at first it look like luke miss it . then the fighter stall , stop dead in the air above . smoke start stream from its belly , its nose drop down and it start a slow fall to the right . luke I get he ! I get he ! whooo ! ext . memphis belle the fighter fall right into mother and country . the fighter 's leave wing slice off the B - 17 's tail . int . tail luke watch with horror . luke no ! ext . memphis belle mother and country 's tail section tumble toward the ground with the fighter . rascal ( v.0 . ) it 's the rookie ! they get the rookie ! int . radio room Danny look out the right side window , alarmed . then he flip a switch on he radio . danny Memphis Belle to mother and country ! come in , come in ! ext . memphis belle the back of mother and country drop down and two man roll out . for a moment , mother and country hang in the air like a big cross . then it plunge toward the ground . int . radio room Danny frantically work the radio . ( continued ) 257 258 259 260 261 103 . continued : danny mother and country come in ! he flip a switch . on the radio , we hear shout and scream , complete chaos . Danny listen with horror . int . tail luke watch , horrify , as mother and country fall . he 's stunne , paralyze by what he do . ext . memphis belle mother and country plummet to the ground , spin as it go , like a giant arrow . then it hit the ground with a quick flash and a little plume of smoke . when it hit , the radio goe dead . silence . int . radio room Danny sit there a moment , shocked by the suddenness of it . then he start to move to he position behind he gun . int . tail clay grab luke by the back of he jacket and pull he up and shove he out of the way . then clay fall to he knee before he gun and start firing . dennis ( v.0 . ) how many chute from mother and country ? eugene ( v.0 . ) I see two . rascal ( v.0 . ) yeah , two . CUT to : clay's whitele model plane sit in a sea of spend cartridge . it 's crush . in the b.g. we see luke 's back as he start slowly toward the front of the plane . 261a 262 263 104 . int . tail wheel as soon as he 's out of the tail and into the tail wheel area , luke stop and lean against the fuselage wall . tear come to he eye . he try to hold they back , but can not . he 's overcome with remorse for what he have do . he finally realize the horror of war . he struggle to pull himself together . then he start towards the cockpit . int . cockpit Dennis be alone in the cockpit . phil' voice come over the intercom . phil ( v.0 . ) Captain , this be the bomb run . dennis bombardier , I be turn it over to you . val ( v.0 . ) Roger . Dennis flip the auto pilot switch to " on . " daze , luke squeeze past the top turret , climb into the cockpit and sit in he seat . Dennis pull off he oxygen mask to talk . dennis luke , right after delivery , on we way to the rally point , I be go to take some evasive action and try to avoid this flak . be ready on rudder . luke whatever you say , Dennis . you know what you be do . Dennis look at he , astonished by this response . luke turn away to hide he face . Pov through bombsight - target the ground be almost visible , still cover with smoke . a patch of green or a piece of river can be see for a instant , but that 's all . dennis ( v.0 . ) bombardier , how do the target look ? val ( 0.8 . ) like shit . 264 265 266 266a 266b 105 . int . nose - val take he eye from the bombsight , pull the bomb bay door lever , then flip up the latch on the bomb release button . he catch phil 's eye , who be on he gun , very near the button . phil look at Val a moment , then turn back to watch for fighter . Val look through the bomb - sight again . val Captain , I still can not see a thing . int . cockpit - dennis he finger hover over the auto pilot switch . eugene bandit , three o'clock high . top turret , see he ? virge ( v.0 . ) I see he . he 's a dead man . jack Ball turret , watch this guy on the leave . he want you ass . rascal ( v.0 . ) he be not go to get it . int . nose - val put he finger on the bomb release button . virge ( v.0 . ) bandit come in twelve level . come right at the nose ! phil I be on he . eugene ( v.0 . ) ' nother one at two low , phil . phil thanks , gene . omitted 267 268 269 270 271 272 273 274 106 . Pov through bombsight - target the only thing we can see be thick , roll smoke . the crosshair intersect at perfect right angle . val ( 0.8 . ) Dennis , my sight say we be over the target . I have get to do something . what do you want I to do ? int . cockpit Dennis 's finger be on the auto pilot switch . his hand tremble . int . tail - clay fire he gun with one hand and rub he lucky horseshoe with the other . int . waist - eugene kiss he St. Anthony medal as he fire at a fighter buz in on the right . int . radio room - danny finish fire off a round , then reach inside he cuff for he lucky rubber band , but it be not there . a flash of panic . then he remember he loan it to bugene . he look through the rear bulkhead door and can see Eugene . Danny 's relieved he rubber band be not far away . int . nose - val be freeze , eye to the bombsight , finger on the bomb release button . Pov through bombsight - target suddenly the smoke thin a little , revealing the top of a@ square grey building , directly at the intersection of the crosshair . flashback - int . briefing room to the briefing where the target photo be project large on the screen . the S - 2's pointer tap the factory three time . it 's the same building . 275 276 277 278 279 280 281 107 . int . nose - val jerk he head up from the bombsight and shout , excited . val that 's it ! that 's it ! bomb away ! ( press the bomb release button ) right in the pickle barrel ! int . bomb BAY bomb start drop from the rack . ext . memphis belle the bomb fall from the bottom of the Belle . bomb also start to fall from baby Ruth and the other plane in the group . bomb be drop all over the sky . then they hit the ground . flashes , then billow cloud of grey - black smoke . it 's a unforgettable , frightening sight . int . cockpit Dennis watch the delivery from he side window . then he reach down and flip off the auto pilot . dennis okay , boy , we have do we job for uncle Sam . now we be fly for ourselves . he turn the control wheel . there be whoops of joy all over the plane -- they do it . int . waist - eugene and jack hold on as the plane tip into its turn . Eugene hold up he St. Anthony medal . Jack give he the thumb - up sign . int . nose phil reach out and pat Val on the back , but Val angrily shake he off . ext . memphis belle bomb be still fall . the target be a mass of fire and smoke . the Belle bank into a turn . baby Ruth follow . 108 . 282 int . waist gun be again pounding all around the plane . Jack be firing , follow a fighter from ten o'clock high to nine low . jack Gerry break low to nine o'clock . Ball turret , watch it , watch it ! 283 int . ball turret rascal push on the foot pedal to swivel the turret , but nothing happen . rascal I be stick ! virge ! he 's come right at I ! virge ! virge ! the fighter be zoom in right at he , fire . rascal stomp on the pedal , but still nothing happen . the fighter keep come , keep fire . rascal 's eye widen in horror . 284 int . cockpit suddenly , a huge explosion and the plane rock violently . dennis call in ! virge pull off he oxygen mask , yank out he intercom cord , jump down from the top turret and charge into the bomb bay . clay ( v.0 . ) tail . eugene ( v.0 . ) right waist . jack ( v.0 . ) Left waist . 285 int . radio room - danny be frantically firing up into the sky as virge come run through . dennis ( v.0 . ) Ball turret ! Ball turret , call in ! 286 287 287a 288 289 290 291 109 . omitted int . ball turret area panicky , virge fall to he knee beside the ball turret , open the hatch and look down into it . virge's Pov down into the turret . the bottom of the turret be go and rascal be dangle twenty thousand foot above the ground , hold by just the strap between he leg . he 's hold onto the top of the turret and the force of the slipstream be blow he leg toward the back of the plane . he 's out of he mind with terror . he reach for virge . virge grab he hand and pull he , with difficulty , out of the narrow hatch on the top of the turret . rascal be shot up a little . virge quickly check he , but the wound look superficial . rascal be shaking and cry . virge you be okay , rascal . you be safe . you be okay . rascal grab virge and hang onto he . virge hold he , pat he back , try to comfort and calm he down . int . waist - eugene and jack be firing frantically out of they side of the plane . int . tail - clay be firing , too , hum a little as he do . int . radio room - danny finish firing a round , then swing he gun around to fire at another fighter . as he do , he see that he camera have again move to the edge of the desk and be just about to fall . quickly , Danny reach for it and catch it just as the camera fall off the edge . relief . just then , a cannon shell burst through the roof of the radio room and explode . int . cockpit the plane be jolted harder than ever . ( continued ) 291 292 293 294 295 110 . continued : luke now what ? dennis call in ! clay ( v.0 . ) tail . int . ball turret area virge and rascal have be throw to the deck by the explosion . they scramble to they foot and go through the forward doorway into the radio room . eugene ( v.0 . ) right waist . jack ( v.0 . ) Left waist . int . radio room the room be on fire . Danny lie face - down on the floor . virge pull he away from the flame while rascal grab a fire extinguisher and turn it on the flame . int . cockpit fighter be everywhere . flak be still pummeling the outside of the plane . virge come out of the bomb bay and crouch down behind Dennis and luke . virge Danny 's hurt . dennis Val , Danny 's hurt . get back there right away and see what you can do . int . nose - val stop firing he gun . he hesitates . val how bad be it ? dennis ( v.0 . ) I guess he need help pretty badly . ( continued ) 295 296 296 a lll . continued : but Val do not go . he hang onto he gun . phil rip off he oxygen mask and yell at Val . phil what be you do ? it 's Danny ! val I can not . there 's fighter all over . phil I will cover you gun . just go ! val ( hesitantly ) maybe somebody in the back of the plane could ... phil you be the fuck doctor ! val ( panicky ) that 's just it . I be not . phil , I lie about it . I only have two week of medical school before I enlist . I do not know anything . phil drag he toward the back of the nose , grab the first aid kit off the wall and shove it into Val 's hand . phil just do it ! Val start to go up the hatch to the cockpit . omitted int . cockpit fighter be still buz around . luke be silent and grim . dennis luke , do not worry . Danny will be okay . luke it 's such a waste . the whole fuck ... ( continued ) 296 a 297 298 298a 299 112 . continued : he stop , unable to put into word he feeling . Dennis try to think of something to say to make he feel better . omitted int . radio room the fire be out . Val , virge and rascal gently turn Danny over . his oxygen mask be rip off in the explosion . he 's pale and still . Val open he jacket . there be a ugly , open wound in he upper chest below he shoulder . Val stare , paralyze with fear . then he open the first aid kit and take out a syringe . int . cockpit Dennis speak quietly , comfortingly to luke . dennis luke , do not take the world on you shoulder . you do not start the war . all we can do be try to do we best . we be not perfect . when this be all over , we will go back home ... luke ( look out window ) Fire on number three ! dennis cut fuel , feather prop . Fire extinguisher . luke quickly turn the engine three feathering switch on the instrument panel , then pull the turbo supercharger control and close the throttle , both on the control box . suddenly , bullet rake across the instrument panel . glass and spark fly as Dennis and luke cringe . half the instrument panel be shot out . dennis call out that fighter ! ext . memphis belle the prop on engine three slow , then stop , edge face into the wind . but the fire still burn and now it 's spread to the wing itself . 300 301 302 503 113 . int . cockpit virge be again crouch behind Dennis and luke . luke be finish the feathering procedure , flipping the shutoff valve to close and the booster pump to off . virge Danny 's in bad shape . dennis how 's rascal ? virge he 's okay . luke prop feathered , but the extinguisher 's not work . if we do not do something quick we be go to lose the wing . dive ! dennis okay , but I be go to need you to pull out of it . luke I be not go anywhere . dennis Crew , I be go to dive and try to blow this fire out . everybody hang on ! he depress the control wheel . ext . memphis belle the plane begin to plunge , leave baby Ruth behind . int . waist Jack 's and Eugene 's foot go out from under they . they be suddenly weightless . Eugene hang on to he gun , but Jack lose he grip and be slam against the ceiling . Shell casing fill the air . int . nose phil be lift up along with anything that be not nail down : he log book , pencil , compass , map , ammunition . 304 so4a 304b 305 306 114 . int . radio room the floor be tip at a forty - five degree angle . rascal hold Danny . Val have the needle in Danny 's upper arm . the plane be vibrate violently . the needle break . close shot of the airspeed indicator as the needle creep toward 300 m.p.h . int . cockpit Dennis and luke be both hold they control wheel . Dennis be monitoring the airspeed , luke watch the burn engine . dennis 275 . we be exceed maximum diving speed . we better level she . luke the fire 's not out . just a little more . dennis a little more and we could lose the windshield . luke trust I . a few second more . ext . memphis belle suddenly the flame on engine three blow out . luke ( v.0 . ) it 's out ! int . cockpit Dennis and luke pull back hard on they control wheel . the plane shudder violently as if it 's go to rip apart . luke and Dennis strain to control it . they be work together now as partner , no need for word . the plane start to pull out of the dive . after it level , Dennis pull off he oxygen mask and take a deep breath . dennis Crew , we be at ten thousand foot . we can come off oxygen . ( continued ) 306 307 508 115 . continued : luke pull off he mask . dennis thanks , luke . luke once in a while I do something right . omitted int . radio room Val be just finish inject Danny with morphine . he pull out the needle . rascal , virge and Eugene be gather in the radio room . Danny be still unconscious and he breathe be shallow . there be occasional burst of gunfire from the front and rear of the plane . val I do not know what else to do . he 's lose a lot of blood . eugene how far be it to base ? virge on three engine ? two hour , maybe two and a half . val two and a half hour ! he will never make it . rascal Val , help he ! val ( panicked ) what do you want from I ? he need a hospital ! I have get a stupid first aid kit ! Val turn away . on eugene Eugene suddenly see that he still have Danny 's lucky rubber band on he wrist . he never give it back . ( continued ) 508 116 . continued : he lean against the doorway , try to hold back he tear . CUT to : val turn back to the other . he 's very frighten . he 's grasp at straw and try not to lose control . val there 's one more thing we can do . rascal what ? let 's do it ! val we can put a parachute on he ... and push he out . the other react with shock . virge Jesus Christ , Val ! val it 's crawl with Germans down there . he will get pick up by the Germans and they will take he to a hospital . rascal if they do not kill he for fun first ! val rascal , it 's he only chance ! another crew do it . this gunner lose a arm ... virge yeah , but that guy be conscious . eugene Danny could not even pull the cord . val we can pull it first and put the chute under he arm . rascal he could fall in a lake and drow ! eugene Val , can not we wait ? ( continued ) 508 309 310 117 . continued : ( 2 ) virge we will be over the North Sea in ten minute . then it will be too late . val if we be go to do it , we have get to do it now ! omitted int . cockpit luke be fly the plane . phil and Val be in the cockpit , crouch behind Dennis 's and luke 's seat . Val be fight down he hysteria . dennis Val , I will go along with anything you say . you be the doctor . phil look at Val . Val avoid he glance . val we just do not have a choice , Dennis . we have get to do it . phil no ! dennis all right . tell the man that 's my decision and I do not want any argument . Val start to return to the bomb bay . phil follow he through the top turret and stop he on the threshold of the bomb bay . the bomb bay door open , revealing the ground so far below . the enlist man be gather around Danny at the other end of the bay . they have put a@ parachute on he and tuck the chute under he arm . phil please do not do it , Val . val it 's he only chance . phil no , you be he only chance , but you be too goddamn chicken to help he . ( continued ) 118 . 310 continued : val if he stay on board , he will die . phil he 's go to die if you throw he out . and you know that . a long pause . Val be tremble with fright . he look at Danny . phil plead with he , desperately . phil Val , you can save he ! so , you be not a doctor , so what ? you can help he , I know you can . do not give up . val phil , I be scared ! phil no , you be not . you be not scared . phil turn Val around and look he in the eye . phil you be Val . Val look at he a long , long moment . phil now go help Danny . Val take a breath , nod and start toward Danny . 311 ext . base some softball player be play a game . there be man on second and third . the batter step up to the plate and the pitcher pitch . the ball be right over the plate , but the batter do not even try to swing . his teammate yell at he , angrily . he point out at the horizon . first softball player there they be ! 312 ext . base ( horizon ) the first three plane appear in the distance . 313 314 315 316 317 318 119 . ext . control tower lawn Men be start to gather on the lawn in front of the control tower . Bruce be give instruction to the life photographer . bruce what I want be a picture of they run towards the camera , throw they hat in the air , go crazy , the plane in the background . we might have to do it a few time to get it right . int . barracks Les wake at the sound of a plane roaring overhead . he look at he watch . it 's 4:45 . he get up and start pull on he boot . ext . runway the first plane be landing . a two - pronge red flare pop out of the cockpit . omitted ext . control tower lawn Les join the rest of he ground crew . the softball player be count the plane as they appear . softball player Seven ! second player hight , nine ! third player do 'ja get that one ? we move up to the control tower balcony . ext . control tower balcony the CO join the S - 2 on the balcony . the S - 2 be watch the sky with binocular . co how many so far ? ( continued ) 318 319 320 321 322 323 120 . continued : 8 -2 nine , sir . there 's another one . ten. co the Belle ? 8- 2 not yet , sir . ext . memphis belle the plane be alone over grey sea . oil be spitting out of the first engine on the leave side of the plane and heavy , dark smoke be twist out of it . the propeller reverse direction , slow , then stop . dennis ( v.0 . ) we be run on two engine now . let 's lighten up . throw out everything you can . we be close enough to home so you can lose you gun . int . waist Jack take out the bolt that attaches he machine gun to its mount , then pick up the gun . jack well , mona ... we do not get a fighter after all . Eugene pick up he gun and look at Jack for a long moment . then Eugene throw he gun out the window . then Jack throw he out and watch it fall . clay come in from the tail with he gun sling over he shoulder . int . nose phil throw some flak jacket out of the nose hatch . int . radio room Danny be very pale . his eye flutter a little . flashback - ext . base ( that morning ) the Belle be sit on the ground . phil be asleep on the wing . ( continued ) 323 324 121 . continued : the other guy be listen to Danny recite he poem . danny ' I balanced all , bring all to mind , the year to come seem waste of breath , a waste of breath the year behind , in balance with this life , this death .! int . radio room Danny suddenly open he eye . he 's panicked . Val lean over he . danny yeat ! val it 's okay , Danny . danny I do not write that . it 's by w.b. yeat . I could not write that . Val stroke Danny 's forehead . he do not know what Danny 's talk about . val take it easy . Danny become calmer . he close he eye . then he start to shake . Val tuck Danny 's jacket around he tighter , but the convulsion only get worse . Val feel Danny 's pulse , then lift one of he eyelid . Danny 's eye be turn up into he head . val Danny ! Danny suddenly stop shaking . he lie still . Val pull the jacket away and put he head down to Danny 's chest . val no ! panicked , Val do not know what to do . out of desperation , he pound Danny in the chest with he fist . ( continued ) 324 325 122 . continued : val do not do this ! goddamnit , Danny ! do not do it to I ! he pound he again . Danny gasp . val one more ! give I one more ! Danny gasp again and start to breathe . Val listen to he chest . he hear a heartbeat . Val look at he . val you try that again and I will kill you . he put Danny 's jacket over he again and tuck it in tight . int . cockpit ahead we can see the white coastline of England . virge crouch down behind the control box . virge ai not that a pretty sight ? luke how 's Danny ? virge cross he finger . then virge look up in the sky and gasp . virge oh my God ! fighter ! a whole squadron , twelve o'clock high ! a sqaudron of fighter have appear directly ahead , aim straight for the Belle . dennis look alive , man . fighter , twelve o'clock high ! clay ( v.0 . ) ( calmly ) what do you want we to do about it , Captain ? you have we throw out we gun . a flicker of panic in Dennis 's eye . then luke put a hand on Dennis 's shoulder . ( continued ) 325 326 327 328 329 330 331 332 123 . continued : luke relax , Dennis . they be little friend . Dennis look up at the fighter , then breathes a sigh of relief . the sound of the other crew member whooping with delight all around the plane . omitted ext . memphis belle the furthest engine on the right side of the plane start choking and the propeller begin to slow . int . cockpit luke see this out he window . luke we be lose number four . dennis be we out of fuel ? luke look at the shattered instrument panel . luke the gauge be shot out . how long can we fly on one engine ? dennis I do not know . I guess we will find out . ext . control tower - lawn the sky be clear of plane . Les be still stand with the ground crew , but other man have give up hope and be walk back to the barrack . omitted 333 334 335 336 124 . ext . control tower - lawn luke 's dog be lie on the grass . Bruce be patting he on the head , but the dog be not interested . then suddenly , it raise its head and bark . Bruce jump back , afraid he will get bit . the dog run past Bruce and bark out at the horizon . CUT to : les with the ground crew , look anxiously out at the horizon . ext . control tower - balcony CO be on the balcony with the 8 - 2 . the adjutant come up to the CO . adjutant Sir , headquarters on the phone . co I will call they back . adjutant Sir , it 's General ... co I do not care who it be , I will call they back ! the CO raise he binocular and look out at the plane . co' Pov - through binoculars the Belle , fly very low , barely clear the treetop , just engine one still turn . int . cockpit the base be visible ahead . virge be crouch between Dennis and luke . dennis landing gear . luke flip a switch on the control box , but there 's no electric whine . he look out he window . ( continued ) 336 336a 125 . continued : luke something 's wrong . my wheel do not come down . dennis ( hesitates , then ) okay , pull they back up again and we will belly land . luke flip the switch again , but there 's silence -- no electric whine . luke nothing 's happen . he flick the switch back and forth . he look out he window again . luke nothing 's come up , nothing 's go down . virge the electrics must be totally out ! a moment of terror as the three man look at each other . they remember the plane the day before that land with one wheel -- and blow up . dennis can you lower the wheel by hand ? virge yeah . dennis okay . get some of the other man to help you . luke , monitor the wheel and tell I when it 's down . virge run through the top turret and into the bomb bay . Dennis flip a switch on the lower wall by he knee . a loud alarm bell ring . luke load a flare gun . dennis take position for crash landing . int . radio room Eugene and rascal be gently move Danny into a position so that Val can protect he from the crash . Jack and clay be take crash landing position . virge rush in . ( continued ) 336a 337 338 338a 339 339 a 340 341 342 126 . continued : virge Jack , help I ! he grab a small handcrank from the aft bulkhead wall and then run into the bomb bay , Jack and clay right behind he . int . bomb BAY virge be straddle the bomb bay catwalk and turn the landing gear hand crank quickly . Jack and clay be stand on the catwalk behind he , each wait he turn . omitted ext . memphis belle the right wheel slowly start to descend from the belly of the plane . omitted int . cockpit Dennis be hold the control wheel tightly as he start to point the plane towards the base . omitted ext . memphis belle the plane brushes the top of the tree at the end of the runway . a two - pronge red flare shoot out of the Belle 's cockpit . ext . base the ambulance driver be stand by they ambulance . they see the flare . ambulance driver wound aboard ! let 's go ! they quickly hop into the ambulance cab . 343 344 344a 345 346 s46a 127 . ext . control tower - lawn Les , with the ground crew . in the background , man be come from all over the base to watch the plane land . les my God , they have only get one wheel down ! int . bomb BAY virge be exhaust from turn the crank . he step aside and Jack take over . ext . memphis belle the right wheel be very slowly creep down . it have a long way to go . int . cockpit the runway be ahead . Dennis be grip the control wheel tight as he aim the plane for the runway . luke be fasten he seat belt when there 's a sudden jolt , then complete silence . luke look out the leave window . luke we lose number one ! the plane suddenly lose altitude , the nose dip down and point straight at the runway . Dennis pull at the control wheel . dennis flap ! luke spin the flap control . int . bomb BAY virge hear the silence and know what happen . he shout at Jack . virge hurry ! Jack turn the crank faster . ext . memphis belle the wheel be extend further , but still not enough to land on . 347 348 349 350 350 a 351 352 353 354 128 . int . radio room Val be cradling Danny , to protect he from the crash . the other be brace against the bulkhead wall . Eugene 's praying as fast as he can . ext . runway the Belle dive for the runway . ext . control tower - lawn Les watch , mutter under he breath . les come on , baby , come on ... ext . control tower balcony the CO grip the railing , with white knuckle . int . cockpit Dennis be grip the control wheel as the plane dive . omitted int . bomb BAY Jack be exhaust , out of breath . he 's turn the crank slower and slower . phil shove he out of the way and take over the crank , turn it as fast as he can . he talk to himself as he do . phil we be not go to die . it 's okay . we be not go to die ! ext . runway just when it look certain to crash , the nose of the Belle lift , the landing gear pop out with a audible click and hit the runway , hard . the plane bounce into the air . int . radio room the crew be jolted . Danny wake . he look up at Val , panicked , not know where he be or what 's happen . 355 356 357 358 359 s59a 360 361 362 129 . ext . memphis belle the plane tip to the right and look like it will come down on its right wing . int . cockpit Dennis wrestle with the control column . luke work the flap control . they be instinctively a team . ext . memphis belle the plane straighten and land . the flap come up and the plane go onto the grass , throw dust into the air . ext . control tower - lawn the man on the lawn cheer . they surround Les and the ground crew and congratulate they . int . radio room clay , rascal and Eugene cheer and ruffle Danny 's hair . int . bomb BAY virge , Jack and phil realize that they make it and shout with excietment . ext . runway the plane come to a stop at the far end of the runway . the ambulance race towards it . ext . control tower balcony the CO let go the railing , relieved . he turn to go back inside . the adjutant take a step back , a little afraid of he . but the CO smile , pat the adjutant 's arm affectionately , then go inside -- back to work . int . waist rascal open the waist door . the ambulance driver be there . he step aside and they enter the plane , carry a stretcher , a medical kit , a iv bottle . 363 364 365 130 . ext . control tower - lawn the photographer be snap picture . Bruce yell at he . bruce I do not want that goddamn ambulance in there ! int . cockpit Dennis and luke quickly flip off the power and fuel control . dennis wing flap . luke up. dennis tail wheel . luke unlocked . dennis generator . luke off . they be finish . silence . they do not know what to do with themselves . then luke unhook he seat belt and get up and go through the top turret into the bomb bay . but Dennis just sit there . ext . runway Danny be conscious , pale , but look better . he 's hook up to a iv , which Val hold . the rest of the crew be with they , under the nose of the plane . Danny clutches he camera . val one picture , Danny , then straight to the hospital . danny ( weakly ) you be the doc . Val smile . Bruce start arrange they position while the photographer set up he tripod . ( continued ) 131 . 365 continued : bruce let 's have the officer in the center . luke , I want you down front ... luke Bruce , just take the picture . he take Danny 's camera and toss it to Bruce . Bruce catch it , too surprised to object . danny where 's the captain ? phil yeah , where be Dennis ? rascal we have get to have Dennis in the picture . Dennis appear around the nose of the plane . he hold the bottle of champagne . he walk towards the crew , a grim expression on he face . the crew shift uneasily . Dennis stop right in front of Danny and look at he . Danny think he 's in big trouble . then , suddenly , Dennis whoops with joy and pop the cork . Champagne spurt out and Dennis douse the crew with it . the crew be amaze -- this be a new Dennis . they laugh , try to duck the sud , and Bruce take the picture . freeze frame . the picture fade to black and white as a legend roll over it . legend the air war over Europe last six year . 353,000 young man lose they life . over the credit we see more of the picture Danny take : at the dance , in the barrack , in the plane -- he permanent record of the last mission . fade out . the end