Men in Black by Ed Solomon ext . road -- TEXAS / mexico border -- night a million star wink in the night desert sky . down here on earth , a insect , one of that big , beautiful , multicolor four- winge job , glide effortlessly on the breeze , wafting along through the crisp Texas air . the insect dip , it bank , it do loop - the-loops -- and then splat unceremoniously against the windshield of a white van that 's tear down the road . int . van -- TEXAS / mexico border -- night the driver of the van , a fifty - year - old american , turn on the wiper , smear the remain all over . driver goddamn bug . he squirt some wiper fluid onto the glass , which clear it up a bit , but now he see something worse up ahead . it 's a grouping of headlight , eight of they , all point at he , sealing off the road . he bite he lip and call over he shoulder , to the back of the van . he speak in Spanish , which be subtitle . driver ( cont 'd ) deja I hablar . ( let I do the talk . ) ext . road -- TEXAS / mexico border -- night the van slow to a stop in front of the park car , all government - issue four door with " INS " stencile on the side . Seven or eight INS agent stand in front of the car imposingly . they apparent leader step forward and come to the window . the driver roll it down . agent janus , blonde-haire , blue -ey , also government issue , look at he and sigh . agent janus well . Nick the Dick . what a surprise . where you comin ' from ? driver I be fishing in cuernavaca . agent janus sure you be . what do you say we have a look at you catch ? at the back of the van , the Agents fling open the rear door , revealing a dozen frightened mexican , hopeful immigrant without official permission . agent janus look at the Driver , who 's now hold by two other Agents , and shake he head . agent janus I , I woulda throw them back . ( to the passenger , in Spanish ) vamanos . fuera . hagan una lina ! ( let 's go . out. form a line ! ) they pile out of the van . some be parent with small child . agent janus ( cont 'd ) what do you get , Nick ? hundre buck a head ? two hundred ? I hope you save it all for you lawyer , pal , ' cause you be gonna need -- he stop in the middle of he sentence , as another car be approach , fast , its engine whining as it barrel down the road toward they . several Agents pull they weapon . the new car pull a hard right , go off the road , spin around the INS car , and squeal to a sideways halt , silhouett in front of they headlight . it 's a boxy , black 1986 Ford lot . two men get out , dress in plain black suit , crisp white shirt , simple black tie , shiny black shoe . kay , fiftyish , be the apotheosis of world - weary ; he partner , dee , mid-sixty , be just weary . they approach the INS agent . kay we will take it from here . agent janus who the hell be you ? Kay and Dee flash some form of id . kay INS division 6 . agent janus division 6 ? I never hear of division 6 . kay really ? Kay and Dee move past he and approach the row of nervous immigrant . kay ( cont 'd ) what be we think , Dee ? dee tough call , Kay . he walk down the row , study the face , greeting each one cheerily in Spanish . kay ! oye ! que pasa , coma esta ? hey ! ( what 's up , how be you ? ) no se preocupe , abuela . bienvenida a los estados unidos . ( do not worry grandma . welcome to the United States . ) ( next ) a donde vas ? San Antonio ? buscando trabajo , no ? buena suerta . ( where be you go ? San Antonio ? look for work , be not you ? good luck . ) ( next ) es un placer verle aqui . ( it 's a pleasure see you here . ) one by one , they face relax , reassure by Kay 's calm demeanor . when he reach the fifth guy , he keep the same cheery tone , but : kay ( cont 'd ) que dice si the rompo la cara ? ( what do you say if I break you face ? ) the guy smile and nod . Kay stop . his own smile broaden and he drop a hand on the guy 's shoulder . kay ( cont 'd ) no hablas no una palabra del espanol , verdad , amigo ? ( you do not speak a word of Spanish , right , friend ? ) again , the guy smile and nod . Kay look back at Dee . kay ( cont 'd ) we get a winner . ( to the other ) Los restos estan libre a irse . largense ! ( the rest of you be free to go . scram ! ) agent janus Sir ! kay tomen el camion , y vayeuse . ( get on the road and go . ) agent janus Sir , you can not just -- kay do not " Sir " I ! you have no idea who you be deal with ! silence on the road . the Driver grin , jump back in the front seat of the van . the other pile into the rear and they tear out of there . kay ( cont 'd ) ( to janus ) we be gonna have a little chat with we friend here . you boy can hit the road ... and keep on protect we from dangerous alien . Kay and Dee escort they captive across the road and over a small rise , leave the stunne INS agent stand alone in the roadway . agent janus you ever hear of division 6 ? 2 nd INS agent there be no division 6 . 3rd INS agent who be that guy ? ext . desert clearing - night Kay and Dee lead they captive into a clear in the desert brush . Dee pull a enormous handgun from a shoulder holster and stay a pace or two off , cover he . Kay have a arm drape around the man 's shoulder . kay I think you jump off the bus in the wrong part of town , amigo . in fact , I will bet dollar to peso that you be not -- he pull out a small laser device , which he zip neatly down the front of the man 's clothes . kay ( cont 'd ) -- from anywhere near here . the man 's clothes fall to the ground , revealing what he really be underneath -- a scaly space bastard , about four- and - a- half foot tall , with a snouth , snail - like tentacles , and independently move eye on stalk at the top of he head . the only part of he camouflage not crumpled to the ground be the humanesque " head , " which he still lamely hold in one of he hand . it 's propped up by a stick , like a puppet , and it continue to make expression as he hold it . kay ( cont 'd ) mikey ?! when do they let you out of jail ? mikey reply -- a unfathomable combination of grunt , squeak , and saliva . kay ( cont 'd ) political refugee . right . dee you know how many treaty article you have just violate ? mikey make a lame squeak . kay one , my ass . try seven . dee from unauthorize immigration to failure to properly inoculate prior to landing . kay ( off mikey 's objection ) okay , that 's enough . Hand I you head and put up you arm . from behind mikey , they hear a terrify gasp . Kay and Dee both look over quickly . one of the alien 's eye , on a tall stalk , whip around too . all three of they see agent janus , stand just over the rise , stare in freeze amazement . kay ( cont 'd ) ah , shit . agent janus scream . mikey rip free of the rest of the " mexican " disguise , knock Dee out of the way , and take off straight at janus , screeching a horrible Space bastard screech . janus freeze , terrify . kay ( cont 'd ) Dee ! shoot he ! Dee struggle to roll over and change the control on he gun , which fall out of he hand as he hit the ground . kay ( cont 'd ) Dee , for Christ 's -- mikey keep move , cover the last few yard to janus quickly . he step on a rock , launch himself into the air , he drip jaw cranke wide open -- -- there be a sizzling sound , a brilliant white flash -- -- and mikey erupt in a geyser of blue goo that splatter all over the ground , the tree , and agent janus ' face . behind where mikey be , Kay stand , smoking weapon in hand . ext . road -- TEXAS / mexico border -- night on the road , the INS agent pull they gun and run toward the rise . ext . desert clearing -- night Kay have a arm around janus , whom he be lead further into the clear . janus be white , shaking , eye like silver dollar . agent janus th -- th -- th -- kay ( help ) " that . " agent janus that be not -- be not -- be not -- kay human , I know . oops . get some entrail on you . he take out a handkerchief and wipe off the agent 's face . as he do , janus look back to where mikey blow up . then at Kay . and then up at the star . the other INS Agents burst over the rise , shout question . kay okay , everybody , situation 's under control , calm down . if you will just give I you attention for a moment I will tell you what happen . from over the rise , car engine whine in the distance and headlight start to flash around they . Kay reach into he pocket and pull out a tubular metallic device the size of a pocket recorder . he check he watch , figure in he head , then dial a electronic counter on the side of the device up to " 08 . " kay ( cont 'd ) this be call a " neuralyzer . " a gift from some friend from out of town . the red eye here isolate and measure the electronic impulse in you brain . more specifically , the one for memory . behind he , six more men in black , all wear black suit and sunglass , come over the hill . Kay bark a few order to they . kay ( cont 'd ) gimme a splay burn on the perimeter , please ; hole at 40 , 60 , and 80 . 2 nd INS agent what in the hell be go on ?! kay exactly the right question . and the answer lie right -- here . pay attention . janus who be you , really ? kay really ? I be just a figment of you imagination . he hold up the neuralyzer . the Agents peer closely at it . Kay reach into he pocket , put on he own black sunglass -- -- and push a button on the side of the neuralyzer . a blinding flash a tenth of a second long sear the Agents ' eyeball . they stare blankly . kay ( cont 'd ) God , we be a gullible breed . behind he , tongue of FIRE blast from a flame thrower hold by one of the Men in Black . Kay look back at the INS Agents , who be just come around , as if awaken from a concussion . kay ( cont 'd ) I mean it , fella , you be lucky to be alive after a blast like that . the Agents look around , confuse . agent janus what -- blast ? Kay gesture behind he , where the Men in Black be now use fire extinguishers to douse the flame they themselves start . kay Underground gas vein , genius . you guy need to exercise more caution before discharge you firearm . he jab a finger into janus ' chest . kay ( cont 'd ) especially you . Dee have move away from they all and be sit on a rock , stare up at the night sky , he sunglass dangle idly from one hand . Kay step away from the group and find he . he sit down next to he . dee I be sorry . about ... back there . kay happens . dee do not use to . he hold up he hand , which tremble with age . dee ( cont 'd ) the spirit 's willing , Kay , but the rest of I ... he look up , at the million star shine overhead . dee ( cont 'd ) they be beautiful , be not they ? kay what ? dee the star . we never just -- look . anymore . ( back to Kay ) I will tell ya , Kay . I will miss the chase . Kay pull he neuralyzer from he pocket and look down at it . kay no . you will not . ext . grand central station -- southern exposure -- night a shot of the clock on the Station 's stately southern exposure . we pan down to ... a pair of foot run . they belong to a man we will know as the perpetrator . as we track with he , he speed up and out of frame . a new set of foot come into frame . this belong to jame edward , a NYC cop in undercover street clothes . in the background , about ten foot behind , be two other cop , try to keep up . Edwards be a lot faster , though . he pull out he badge that hang from a chain under he shirt . edward stop ! nypd ! he continue run , out of frame , and we stay on one of the other cop , overweight , who give up the chase and drop to he knee , heaving air . cop all yours , Edwards ! the cop fumble in he pocket for a pack of cigarettes . track with edward and the perp as they run down the bridge that traverse Park Avenue in the low Forties . the perp veer to the leave and , seemingly oblivious to the fact that it 's a thirty - foot drop , he hurdle the guard rail , and drop to forty -first Street below . edward be surprised by this maneuver , but do not waste a second . he , too , hurdle the guard rail and land on ... ext . 41st STREET and park avenue - night a double - decker bus , one of that cheesy sightseer that hold up midtown traffic . the bus , of course , be completely fill with japanese tourist , and it seem like every single one of they have a video camera . edward push through the crowd ... edward Grand Central Station off to you leave , folk ... with the bus still move , he scramble down the circular stair and run out through the side door . he spot the perp , sailing east on forty -first Street . edward dammit , man , you be make I sweat up my gear ! Edwards spot one of that New York Post delivery truck , the kind with the open back door , rumbling by . he run and jump into the back . ext . fifth avenue -- night the perp , meanwhile , be run at top speed , when Edwards glide into frame , lean off the back of the truck . edward yo , man , you luck just run out . he leap from the back of the move truck and tackle the perp . the perp , now straddle by Edwards , be terrify . perp he 's come ! he 's come ! edward and when he get here , I will kick he ass too . Edwards be about to slap the cuff on he , when the perp blink . nothing unusual about that , but then another set of translucent , milky white eyelid , underneath he regular eyelid , blink also . Edwards be throw for a moment , which be all the time the perp need to pull out ... his weapon , which be the strangest look gun you have ever see . reacting quickly , Edwards bat it out of the perp 's hand . the weapon smashes into the stone wall surround Central Park and shatter into a million piece . edward what the ... whomp ! the perp kick he in the nut , then scramble to he foot and take off again . Edwards stagger after he , in pain . the perp leap over a move car , towards the guggenheim museum . Edwards try to follow , but a bus pull in front of he . after it pass , the perp be go . ext . guggenheim museum -- night Edwards run over to the Museum , lean over the wall that surround it , and in the next instant ... the perp fly past he , have leapt from twenty foot down to the top of the guggenheim . he scramble up and over the ledge . Edward react . he run to the front door of the Museum , shoot it open and run inside . he run from the rotunda up the grand ramp of the guggenheim . ext . guggenheim museum -- roof -- night on the roof , the perp reach the top , climb over the edge , and crunch to the gravel surface . he leap to he foot and race over to a door . it 's lock . he tug on another . it 's lock too . he pull on a third . it swing open -- -- revealing edward on the other side , breathe hard . he aim he weapon at the perp . edward wassup ? the perp scream inhumanly and panic . he backpedal , toward the edge of the roof . perp he 's come ! he 's come because I fail , and now he will kill I too ! edward stop ! perp you do not understand . you world be gonna end . but the perp have back right into the edge of the roof , and now he start to fall over . the perp blink . edward what be you ?! the perp look down . he decide . -- and he fall , scream , to he death . CUT to : int . interrogation room -- night edward sit on one side of the table , a police inspector and a uniformed sergeant ( the one who give up the chase and light a cigarette earlier ) , sit across from he . inspector perpetrator then blink two set of eyelid . you mean blink with both eye ? edward no , sir . he blink once with one set , then again with another completely different set . sergeant sort of a low beam , high beam . inspector be that before or after he draw the weapon which you claim evaporate into a million piece ? edward after , sir . inspector and why do you suppose none of the other officer see either of this two event ? edward ' Cause some of the other officer be a little soggy in the midsection . and they could not keep up , sir . sergeant hey , Edwards , if you be half the man I be -- edward what do you mean ? I be half the man you be . sergeant what the hell be you problem ? edward my problem be you be all up in my damn face all the time . sergeant I think he throw he off the roof . ten minute -- you best shot . inspector ( cut off the sergeant ) sergeant . I want to talk to you outside . now . edward you need ten minute on a stairmaster , you pudgy bastard . int . interrogation room -- later -- night a woman sneak into the room . doctor laurel weaver , thirtyish , dark - haire , dark - eye , general aura of darkness around she , stand above he . Laurel look like she be just drag out of bed ( which she be ) and see a spaceman ( which she do ) . she look over she shoulder once , then whisper to he . laurel Laurel weaver . deputy Medical examiner . I believe you . I open he up . find I at the morgue . on 26th . I will tell you what I find . edward hey ... wait a minute . wait a minute . laurel ( turn at the door ) you have really pretty eye . she hurry to turn the corner , but be stop by someone who remain just offscreen . voice ( o.s. ) Dr. weaver , from the coroner 's office ? work on the John doe ? Edwards twist in he chair , to get a better look . all he see be Laurel , face whoever it be in the hallway . laurel yes . that 's right . voice ( o.s. ) would you look right here , please . the someone say something else and Laurel step forward , now also out of Edwards 's line of vision . laurel ( o.s. ) look where ? Edwards stretch even further in he seat , when there be a blind flash from the corridor . really curious now , he start to get up -- -- when kay step into the room and close the door behind he . Edwards roll he eye . kay some night , huh ? edward oh , yeah , some night . he cross to the door . kay they be gill . Edwards stop . kay not eyelid . edward who be you ? kay do he say anything to you ? edward ( scoffing ) yeah , sure . he say the world be come to a end . kay do he say when ? edward you be kid , right ? kay would you recognize he weapon if you see it again ? edward absolutely . kay let 's take a ride . edward wait a minute . I get a ton of paperwork . kay it 's all do . at that point , the inspector stick he head in , smile and give Edwards the thumb up . inspector good work , Edwards . Edwards look at the Inspector , then at Kay . as they leave . kay you run that guy down on foot ? that 's tough . that 's double tough . CUT to : int . ford lot - a moment later - drive in a plain , boxy Ford , Kay drive , silent . he raise he hand and nod to a black mib truck come in the opposite direction . Edwards , in the passenger seat , be still in he undercover outfit . edward so who you with ? Kay say nothing . edward ( cont 'd ) you get the plain clothes , the government - issue wheel . secret service ? CIA ? Kay remain utterly silent . edward ( cont 'd ) ( refer to the car ) yeah , well , whoever it be , you be short on funding . kay nothing be what it seem , kid . edward oh , yeah , my bad ' 86 Ford lot . that 's a luxury ride . c'mon , who ya with ? Kay pull the car to a stop . kay I be part of a secret organization that monitor and police alien activity on earth . Kay open the door and get out of the car . Edwards follow . ext . pawn shop - night Edwards look around . see they be stand in front of a pawn shop . edward this be where we be go ? they get out of the car . edward ( cont 'd ) Jack jeeb ? guy busy from chain snatcher . do not even sell gun . kay really ? edward all right , you think it 's worth shaking he up , fine . I will do my thing . then I want some answer . kay do you " thing , " kid . Edwards go inside . int . pawn shop - night jack jeeb be the sleazy , sarcastic proprietor of the pawn shop . he 's not easily intimidate . jeeb Officer Edwards . oh , hey , geez , how would this get here ? I think I turn them in to the proper authority . he casually brushes some rolex off the counter . edward Way I hear it , jeeb , you into something a little hotter than some steal rolex . jeeb sure -- I be a big crack dealer now . I just work here because I love the hour . this piss Edwards off . he grab jeeb by the collar . edward ( get angry ) I be talk about gun , jeeb . High - tech stuff . jeeb c'mon , Edwards , whatcha see be what I get . kay ( o.s. ) why do not you show he the import , jeeb . at the sound of Kay 's voice , jeeb suddenly pale , a look of fear come over he face . jeeb h-hiya Kay , how be you ? kay the import , jeeb . now . jeeb you know I get outta that business a long time ago , Kay . kay why do you lie to I ? I hate it when you lie . he pull he own gun and aim it at jeeb ' forehead . jeeb whoa , whoa , Kay , hold on a minute here ... kay I be go to count to three . Edwards , see that Kay be get somewhere , join in the routine . edward he will do it , jeeb . kay one . edward I have see he do it . kay two . edward talk to I , jeeb , he 's crazy when he 's like this . jeeb he 's always crazy . ( to Kay ) take a cruise . get a massage -- kay Three . ka - boom ! Kay blow jeeb ' head off and jeeb ' body collapse to the floor . Edwards be shocked . Edwards pull he own weapon and point it at Kay 's head . edward put down the gun and put you hand on the counter ! kay I warn he . edward Drop the weapon ! kay you warn he . edward you be under arrest . you have the right to remain silent . kay will you relax ? jeeb ( o.s. ) ( irritate ) do not do that . Edwards whirl around to see jeeb ' body , grow another head . only take four or five second . Kay calmly shove he gun up against jeeb ' baby - soft new cheek . jeeb ( cont 'd ) do you know how much that hurt ? kay show we what you get , jeeb . or I will use up another one . jeeb , panicked , hit a button on the underside of the counter , which promptly flip over , revealing yet another dusty shelf , pile high with junk -- -- but this be all alien junk . weapon , mostly , bizarre , otherworldly weapon of all shape and size . kay Edwards ? Edwards , still daze by jeeb ' regrown head , glance down at all the weapon . edward uh , this . this be what I see . Kay look at jeeb , piss off . kay you sell a carbonizer with implosion capacity to a unlicense cephlapoid . jeeb he look all right to I . kay a carbonizer be a assassin 's weapon , jeeb . who be the target ? jeeb I do not know . Kay raise the weapon again , threaten . kay jeeb ! jeeb I do not know ! Kay lower he gun , gesture to the shelf full of weapon . kay this be all confiscate . all of it . I want you on the next transport off this rock . or I will shoot you where it do not grow back . jeeb nod , point take . Kay leave . edward yeah . I will be by tomorrow for that rolex . shaken , Edwards follow . ext . pawn shop -- night Edwards stagger out of the shop , try to get the day 's event straight in he head . edward the eyelid , fine ... and the jump thing ... and the gun ... okay , but the head ? kay search for a handle on the moment here ? a place to file all this . edward see a head do not do that , it do not just grow back . ( look up ) what 's go on ? kay can not help you , kid . only comfort I can offer be that tomorrow , you will not remember a thing . edward oh , no . this I be gonna remember for a long , long time . Kay pull the neuralyzer from he pocket . he hesitates for the briefest of moment -- as if this particular neuralyzation be different than all the other . then he put on he sunglass . kay ever see one of this ? CUT to : int . chinese restaurant - night -- the flash dim on edward and kay , sit at a table in a chinese restaurant . kay ( finish a joke ) -- and the wife say yeah , Harry , I know , but this one 's eat my popcorn ! he bust out laugh . Edwards , across from he , be completely disorient . he look down . there 's a half - eat order of broccoli beef and several empty bottle of beer on the table in front of he . edward huh ? Kay check he watch . kay whoops. gotta run . thanks for the egg roll . edward where be I ? kay see what I mean about tequila ? you be a bright young man , James . just lay off the sauce . I will see you tomorrow , nine a.m. sharp . he turn and walk out . Edwards check he watch . a waitress appear . waitress another beer ? edward coffee . please . she walk off . Edwards look at the table . there be a business card lie next to he plate , on which Kay have handwritten " James D. Edwards , Saturday , 9 a.m. , 504 battery drive . " Edwards look at it , puzzle . he turn the card over and look at the other side . there 's not much there , no name , no phone or fax number , no e-mail address . just three little letter , dead in the middle of the card : mib CUT to : ext . farmhouse - night a lonely farmhouse stand amid the field of upstate New York farm country . several light be on and through a window we can see the silhouette of a man sit at the kitchen table , the silhouette of a woman hover over he , bring thing to he . the man ( edgar ) wave he arm , ranting . edgar ( o.s. ) I go out , I work my butt off to make a live , all I want be to come home to a nice clean house with a nice fat steak on the table , but instead I get this -- this -- I do not even know what you call this ! in the sky above , it 's one of that brilliant star field . but something strange be happen with one of that star -- it 's get bigger . edgar ( o.s. ) I will tell you what it look like , it look like poison . do not you take that away , I be eat that , damn it ! it be poison , be not it ?! no , that star be not get bigger , it 's move . toward we . fast . it go from a pinpoint to a dime , to a nickel , to a quarter , and work its way into fruit metaphor . edgar ( o.s. ) I swear to God , I would not be surprised if it be , the way you skulk around here like a dog be hit too much -- or be not be hit enough , I can not make up my mind . okay , we be way past watermelon now , that thing be huge , and it 's start to glow hot red as it enter the earth 's atmosphere , head straight toward we , come here , to beatrice and Edgar 's place . the blaze fireball barrel through the sky , snap off a couple tree -- edgar ( o.s. ) you be useless , beatrice ! the only thing that pull its weight around here be my goddamn truck ! -- and slam right through a pickup truck park in the driveway . a concussive blast follow , then a geyser of smoke and flame erupt . edgar ( o.s. ) stay here ! the silhouette of Edgar leap to its foot , race to the door , and throw it open . Edgar be everything he voice lead we to expect -- a nasty , bug -ey redneck carry a twelve - gauge shotgun . his mouth agape , he walk across the yard and stare at the hulk shell that be he truck . the skeleton of the truck be still there , but there 's a huge , smolder hole in it , a hole that go at least ten foot down into the ground . edgar figure . he walk to the truck and touch the door handle . hot. use he shirt tail , he open the door and peer down into the hole . in the hole , he see a smooth curve of metal and a few blink light . embed into the ground be , indeed , a spaceship , maybe eight foot across . beatrice call from behind he , stand in the doorway fearfully . beatrice what be it , Edgar ?! edgar ( turn to she ) get you big butt back in that house ! beatrice do as she 's tell , close the door behind she . Edgar turn back to the smolder rock , raise he shotgun in defense . a otherworldly voice come from deep in the hole . voice ( o.s. ) place projectile weapon on ground . Edgar stagger back a step , terrify . but then he regains himself , raise the weapon , and step forward , point it menacingly down into the hole . edgar you can have my gun when you pry it from my cold , dead finger ! there be a pause while the voice think about this offer . finally , it respond , in a voice and cadence remarkably similar to Edgar 's . voice ( o.s. ) you proposal be acceptable . a long , hairy pincer flash out of the hole , grab Edgar by the head , and pull he down into the hole . from deep in the hole , we hear a terrible ripping sound , like a bedsheet be tear in half . there be some disgusting gushy sound , then a moment later , something fly out of the hole and flop onto the ground next to the truck . it 's Edgar . well , sort of . his body part still hang together -- face , arm , leg , even clothes -- but everything inside have be remove and now he just lie there , flat and empty , like a tuxedo on the floor after the prom . the shotgun fly out and land beside he . CUT to : int . farmhouse - kitchen - night beatrice sit at the kitchen table , terrify , still wiping away tear from Edgar 's diatribe . the door open and edgar come back into the kitchen , seemingly flesh out again , leave the door hang open behind he . he carry the shotgun . she look up at he , anxious . but he face be a blank . beatrice what on earth be it ?! he look at she strangely . when he speak , he voice be different than before . more refine . edgar sugar . pause . she look out the window , at the smoking truck . beatrice I have never see sugar do that . edgar give I sugar . puzzle , beatrice get up , go to the cabinet , and grab a bag of sugar . she hold it out to he . edgar ( cont 'd ) in water . frightened , she take a glass of water from the table . she dump some of the sugar into it . edgar ( cont 'd ) more . she put more , till the glass be brim . she stir it quickly with a knife and hand it to he , she hand tremble . Edgar take it and downs it in a single gulp . beatrice stare at Edgar , no idea what to think . she notice something odd about the skin on he neck . beatrice Edgar , you skin ! it 's -- it 's -- just hang off you bone ! Edgar drop the glass and look in a window , to catch he reflection . he reach up -- -- and twist he whole face , as if adjust a ski mask , then tuck the skin of he neck back into he shirt collar . he look at she . edgar that better ? beatrice faint . ext . farmhouse - night stillness . silence . a loud scraping sound come from the pit leave by the spaceship . the nose of the ship itself rise up out of the pit , waver , keep move , and finally crunch to the ground outside the pit . edgar climb out of the pit , breathe heavily . he dust himself off and continue push the ship , along the ground , off into the darkness . CUT to : ext . mib build - day the next morning . edward , hold the small mib business card in he hand , compare the address write down by Kay to the address on the utterly nondescript building in front of he . it 's seven storey high , gray , windowless , perfectly square , squatting on a bridge over a road like a fat guy on the john . " 504 battery drive . " int . mib build - tunnel vent room - day edward step through a heavily bar metal door and into long , bizarre room . one wall be entirely dominate by the enormous blade of a tunnel vent air intake . there be a elevator at the far end of the room and a old security guard , the rent -a- cop kind , read a comic book on a fold metal chair halfway across . Edwards walk across the room , he footstep echoing . the Guard look up . guard help you ? edward maybe , I be not sure , see , I get this card -- guard Elevator . push the " call " button . and he go back to he comic book . Edwards , maybe out of nothing more than curiosity at this point , walk across the room , toward the elevator . as he draw close , the elevator door whoosh open , expect he . int . mib build - entrance elevator - day Edwards step inside and turn around . the door close . he push the " call " button and wait , but the elevator do not move . instead , door on the other side of the elevator slide open silently behind he . Edwards wait , unaware . from behind he , somebody clear they throat . Edwards turn around , and find himself stand in -- int . mib build - interview room - day this back room be every bit as mysterious and unfamiliar as the entryway . stand at the front of the room be zed , a wire - haire career G-man , a old school bureaucrat , wear the exact same kind of suit Kay have on last night . six other hot recruit sit in egg -shape chair , stare at Edwards . one chair be empty . zed you be late . sit down . Edwards take the remain chair . the elevator door slide shut . Zed continue address the recruit . zed ( cont 'd ) my name be Zed . you be all here because you be the best of the best . Marines , navy seal , Army ranger ... nypd . they all turn and regard Edwards a little smugly . he give it back . zed ( cont 'd ) and we be look for one of you . just one . what will follow be a series of simple test design to quantify motor skill , hand - eye coordination , concentration , stamina -- I see we have a question . Edwards 's hand be , indeed , up . edward why , uh -- I be sorry , it 's just no one really ask this , but -- why , exactly , be we do this ? silence . then one of the young recruit eagerly raise he hand . Zed call on he . zed Son ? ambitious recruit ( loud and formal ) Jake Jensen , West Point , graduate with honors . we be here because you be look for the best of the best of the best , sir ! Edwards try to stifle a laugh , but can not . zed what 's so funny , Edwards ? edward I -- I do not know , sir . this guy . " best of the best of the best of the best of the -- " ( realize nobody be with he on this ) it just strike I as -- ( totally serious ) humorous . Sir . short pause . then Zed continue . zed okay . let 's get go . int . mib build - interview room - later - day the recruit scribble away at the write test . it 's a thick document -- reason skill , general knowledge , diagram . the recruit seem to be really power through it , fill in answer after answer . but no desk have be provide for they , and they be all still in they chair , write uncomfortably on they thigh or knee . edward be really struggle . he write two word on one answer , then decide to erase it . the lack of a write surface be drive he crazy ; he pencil even tear through the page . he look up . in the middle of the tile floor , there be a unused table . Edwards get up , go to it , grab hold -- -- and drag it , screeching deafeningly , back to he chair . everybody look up , wince at the horrible sound that fill the room . Edwards sit back down , now write on the table . that 's better . Zed raise a eyebrow . he stare at Edwards , then look up , toward a smoke glass window . behind the dark glass , a figure stand , stare , unemotional . CUT to : int . mib build -- shoot gallery -- day seven weapon rest on a table in the middle of a otherwise empty , triangular room . the seven recruit stand in front of the table . there 's a odd moment -- where everyone sort of look around : at each other , at the blank wall ... edward anyone , uh ... any of you guy know what we be do here ? marine ( clipped , unquestion ) look for the best of the best of the best . edward ( can not help but smile ) well , yeah , I know , but ... and then .. suddenly -- the two far wall pull apart . the whole room pulsate and the air be suddenly fill with a bewilder swirl of stroboscopic image , both human and alien . everywhere be color , light and movement -- a holographic mass of strange shape and character move simultaneously . the recruit lunge for the weapon , snap they up and take aim . six shot be fire at once . and then , a second later , a seventh shot be fire . everyone sort of look at Edwards , who put he gun down last . there 's a awkward silence . then the door open . Light pour in , and zed with it . even the highly competitive cadet can not help but feel some sympathy as Zed walk straight to Edwards . zed the hell happen ? edward hesitated , sir . Zed look into the gallery . most obvious in the freeze tableau of creature be a lung , snarling beast , which have three bullet hole in its chest . next to it be a massively deform humanoid creature with a large hook for a head , which also have three hole in it . in the back corner of the gallery , there be a single bullet hole in a pretty eight - year - old girl . zed May I ask why you feel little Tiffany deserve to die ? edward she be the only one who actually seem dangerous . at the time . zed and how do you come to that conclusion ? edward hook-head guy . you explain to I how he can think with a hook for a head . answer ; it 's not he head . his head be that butt-ugly bean - bag thing over there . ' Cause if you look at the snarling beast - guy , he 's not snarling , he 's sneezing -- he 's get tissue in he hand . no threat there , and anyhow , the girl 's book be way too advanced for a eight - year - old 's . and besides , from where I be look , she be the only one who appear to have a motive . and I do not appreciate you jump down my throat about it . sideway glance from the other recruit . Zed sigh . edward ( cont 'd ) or , uh -- do I owe she a apology ? CUT to : int . mib build - observation room / interview room - day zed and kay stand behind smoke glass , stare at the recruit , who be still in the shoot gallery , wait for a decision . zed he 's get a real problem with authority . kay so do I . the guy run down a cephlapoid , Zed . on foot . tenacity . that I can use . zed I hope you know what you be do . Zed turn and walk away . Kay stare through the glass , at edward , who stand alone on one side of the room , apart from the rest of the group . Zed reappear on the other side of the glass , come through a door and into the shoot gallery . as he talk , Kay turn and walk off . zed ( cont 'd ) congratulation , you be everything we have come to expect from year of government training . now , if you will just follow I , we have one more test to administer , a eye exam . int . mib build - hallway - day the recruit follow zed out of the shoot gallery and into a long hallway . Zed motion they off to the leave . edward be the last one out of the room , but he stop as he step into the hallway . kay be outside the door , wait for he . Edwards recognize he from last night . edward you ! hey , what 's goin ' on ? the other recruit continue down the hall with Zed . Kay do not answer , just gesture to Edwards to follow he down the hall , which he do . kay back in the mid-fifty , the government start a little underfunded agency with the simple and laughable purpose of make contact with a race not of this planet . as they pass a alcove , Edwards notice the six other recruit , who have be herde into a corner . Zed , address they , pull a neuralyzer from he pocket . zed now , if you will look directly at the end of this device . he hold a neuralyzer up in front of they , and the recruit stare obediently at it as Zed slip on a pair of black sunglass . Edwards stare , fascinate , but Kay 's hand reach in and yank he away , just as Zed 's neuralyzer flash white . int . mib build - hallway - day as kay lead edward down a impossibly long corridor , he hand he a file folder stuff thick with eight by ten photograph . he hand jay the first picture , a shot of eight or nine men in plain black suit stand around a fifty - style office with metal desk and fluorescent light . dee and zed be there , much young . kay everybody think the agency be a joke . except the alien . they make contact on March 2nd , 1961 , outside New York City . another photograph , a grainy black and white image of two ship hover in the night sky -- classic fly saucer shape . kay ( cont 'd ) there be nine of we that night . Seven agent . a amateur astronomer . and one poor kid who get lose on the wrong back road . yet another photograph , this one show a young kay , in a shirt and tie , hold a bouquet of flower , stare at the open door of the land fly saucer . alien shape be visible within . edward you bring the alien flower ? Kay steer Edwards to the right , down another corridor , just as long as the first . kay they be intergalactic refugee with a simple request . let we use the earth as a apolitical zone for people without a planet . ever see " casablanca ? " same thing , no Nazis . we agree . so we mask all evidence of they landing . another picture , this one of the 1964 World 's Fair grounds , still under construction . giant model of rocket mark the Fair 's theme of space travel ; most prominent in the construction be two tall tower , with the fly saucer now mount at the top of each . edward the 1964 World 's Fair be a coverup ? kay why else would we hold it in queen ? ( another hallway ) now leave . more nonhuman arrive every year . they live among we , in secret . edward I see . not to change the subject , but when be you last cat-scan ? kay every six month ; it 's company policy . edward well , thanks for the very amusing morning , but I be hopin ' you will show I where I come in ? ' Cause this be where I go out . they have stop next to a unmark door . Kay throw it open and step inside . kay yeah , sure , hang on , I wanna grab a coffee while we be right here . as Kay walk into the kitchenette , Edwards ' jaw drop , he eye widen , and he stare in wonderment -- -- at three worm -like alien stand around a water cooler . tall , impossibly thin , most certainly not from New York , the alien hold a animated conversation in a language that seem like a combination of esperanto and microphone feedback . kay ( cont 'd ) ( to the alien ) do not tell I we have only get that powder shit for cream again ? one of the Worm alien answer he in they native tongue and point to the counter . kay ( cont 'd ) oh. he find the cream sit out on the counter where the alien indicate , dump some in he coffee , and come back outside , close the door behind he . he reach up and gently push Edwards ' jaw up , close he mouth . kay ( cont 'd ) for future reference , this be a better look for you . CUT to : ext . battery park - day edward , throw for a major loop , sit like a zombie alongside kay on a bench in battery Park . Kay drink he coffee while they talk . kay any give time , around fifteen hundred land alien be on the planet , the majority right here in Manhattan . most alien be decent enough , just try to make a live . edward cab driver ? kay not as many as you would think . human , for the most part , do not have a clue . do not want one , either . they be happy . they think they have get a pretty good bead on thing . edward why the big secret ? people be smart , they can handle it . kay a person be smart . people be dumb . everything they have ever " know " have be prove to be wrong . a thousand year ago everybody know as a fact , that the earth be the center of the universe . five hundred year ago , they know it be flat . Fifteen minute ago , you know we human be alone on it . imagine what you will know tomorrow . edward so what 's the catch ? kay what you will gain in perspective , you will lose in way you be too young to comprehend . you give up everything . sever every human contact . no one will know you exist . ever . edward nobody ? kay you be not even allow a favorite shirt . there . that 's the speech I never hear . that 's the choice I never get . edward hold up . you track I down , put I through that stupid-ass test , now you be try to talk I out of it . I do not get it . kay you get ' till sun-up . edward be it worth it ? kay you find out , you let I know . dissolve to : ext . battery park - dusk almost nighttime now , and the park be empty . edward be still on the bench . and still think . above he , the star be come out . slowly , he look up , into the vastness of the heaven . dissolve to : int . garage - day the next morning . a door open on a garage and a orkin man step inside , carry a tank of toxic gas . the morning light spill on a abundance of spider , crawl everywhere -- big one , small one , hundred of they have move in and take over this dusty place . the orkin man sigh and set down he tank . orkin man well , well , well . movin ' right in , be we ? think we own the place ? he unfurl a hose from the side of the tank . orkin man ( cont 'd ) get a little eviction notice for you , boy . he raise a mask to he face and unscrew the handle on the top of the tank . lethal gas start to hiss from the end of the hose . voice ( o.s. ) just what exactly do you think you be do ? the orkin man turn around . edgar stand in the doorway to the garage , stare at he disdainfully . orkin man ( shrug ) takin ' care of you pest problem . edgar " pest " problem ? " pest ? " orkin man yeah . you get a hell of a infestation . Edgar advance on he , slowly . edgar you know , I have notice a infestation here . everywhere I look , in fact . nothing but undevelop , unevolve , barely conscious pond scum . so convinced of they own superiority as they scurry about they short , pointless life . orkin man well -- yeah . do not you want to get rid of them ? edgar in the worst way . Edgar lash out quickly , jerk the mask off the orkin man 's face with one hand -- -- and shove the gas hose down he throat with the other . the orkin man' car keys drop to the garage floor , and Edgar pick they up . ext . garage - day a six - by-ten sheet of plywood thud to the driveway outside the garage . edgar raise one end of it so it 's hang off the back end of the orkin man 's van -- now it 's a ramp . he walk off and we hear that familiar scraping sound again . Edgar , grunting with the effort , slowly push he spaceship up the ramp and into the back of the orkin truck . CUT to : int . mib build - tunnel vent room - day edward stand in the middle of the tunnel vent room , the same one he first come into yesterday . the elevator door open and kay , obviously summon by the old security guard , stand wait for he . edward one thing you gotta know right now . Edwards walk briskly forward and get in the elevator with Kay . int . mib build - elevator - day Inside the elevator , the door whoosh shut , kay turn a key in a certain floor number , and the descent begin . edward continue . edward all right . I be in because there 's some next - level shit go on around here , and I be with that . before you beam I up , there be a couple of thing we need to get straight . you choose I ' cause you recognize the skill . so as of now you can cease with all of that call I " son " or " kid " or " sport . " cool ? kay cool , slick . now about that skill of yours , the elevator door -- int . mib build - headquarters - day -- slide open on Men in Black headquarters . kay as of this moment , they do not mean much . it 's unlike anything we have ever see -- huge , multilevel , of sixty design , polished steel and glass . the workplace be sleek and unclutter , manned by both human and alien . most of the alien stay in the background , like the upside - down guy who walk on the ceiling , shuffle papers . kay and edward step off the elevator and onto a platform that look out over the whole place . Kay lead he down into the complex . first , they walk past a sort of passport control center , where a human bureaucrat at a desk be check the document of a line of alien who have just arrive . there be a dozen bizarre life form in that line , chatting in half a dozen different alien tongue . Edwards slow as they pass , listen to the passport control officer as he address a arquillian , a large , humanoid visitor . passport officer purpose of trip ? arquillian diplomatic mission . passport officer duration of stay ? arquillian lunch . passport officer carry any fruit or vegetable ? Edwards just stare , fascinate , but Kay grab he by the arm and hurry he along . kay let 's go . he 's a little ... grouchy . Kay move he into the central hall . kay a couple of hour wait after a 17 - light - year flight would get on anybody 's nerve . edward what branch of the government do we report to ? kay none . they start ask too many question . edward so who pay for all this ? kay oh , we hold a few patent on gadget we confiscate from we out - of-state visitor . velcro. microwave ovens. liposuction . at a storage cage , Kay turn a key in the lock of a cage - in area and throw the door open . Inside , there be pile of sophisticated - look device stack on shelf and tabletop . kay ( pick something up ) here . a new recording device to replace CD 's . so now I gotta buy the White album again ? ( something else ) this be amusing . universal translator . he hold up a cylindrical metal tube and a small wire clip that look like a lapel microphone . kay ( cont 'd ) we be not suppose to have it . I will tell you why . human think be so primitive it 's consider a infectious disease . make you proud , do not it ? Edwards pick up a small yellow ball from one of the shelf . edward what 's this ? kay ( cont 'd ) do not touch that ! the ball zing out of edward ' hand -- it fly out into the main complex -- hit the ceiling and ricochet around the room , faster than the eye can follow -- various shot of human and alien ducking , dodging , and jump out of its way . on kay as he calmly , a little wearily , slip a odd - look metal glove over he right hand ... he raise he hand and the yellow ball zing into it -- Kay catch the ball , calmly . kay ( cont 'd ) cause the '77 New York blackout . practical joke by the great attractor . he think it be funny as hell . they leave the room . edward sorry ! on the MAIN floor , they walk briskly across the room , reach a giant screen on the far wall . kay observation , the heart of we little endeavor . the screen display a map of the world on which thousand of tiny light blink in all part of the globe , log line of data flash next to they . kay ( cont 'd ) this map show the location of every register alien on earth at any give time . some of they we keep under constant surveillance . he hit a button on the console and the map be replace by hundred of box , each with smaller video image . kay ( cont 'd ) everyone on this screen be a alien . in public -- normal . in private -- you will get the idea . on the screen , we see live image of alien . alien who look alien be in spot where they can not be see . alien who look human be function right out in public -- include SAM donaldson . michael jackson . and tony robbins . kay ( cont 'd ) meet the twin . Kay gesture to two small , bony creature with eight arm each and a single eye grow out of a central stalk in they head . they turn around and wave two or three arm each . edward I gotta be honest about something . kay it make no sense ? edward it make perfect sense . when I be a third grader in Philadelphia , they tell I I be crazy ' cause I swore that we teacher be from , like , venus or something . kay Mrs. edelson . Edwards , stunne , look at Kay as 4 - eye boot she onto the screen : mean face , cat glass . bony finger . extremely well - hide tail . kay Jupiter , actually . well , one of the moon . with they remain arm , they punch button after button on the enormous console . zed , who be stand up close to the screen , walk over to Edwards , size he up . zed what 's you jacket size , Edwards ? edward uh -- forty regular . zed then let 's put it on . edward put what on ? zed the last suit you will ever wear . CUT to : int . mib build - locker room - day like the rest of the place , the mib locker room be all white . White wall , white floor , white ceiling , white locker . zed' voice come over : zed ( o.s. ) from now on , you will dress only in attire specially sanction by mib special service . edward reach out and open a white locker , revealing a black suit hang from a hanger in the middle . above it , on the shelf , a black hat and a pair of black sunglass . on the bottom , a pair of shiny black shoe . int . mib build - headquarters - day kay be at a computer terminal . on screen be Edwards 's birth certificate , driver 's license , social security card , library card , everything . zed' voice continue : zed ( o.s. ) you will conform to the identity we give you , eat where we tell you , live where we tell you , get approval for any expenditure over a hundred dollar . int . mib build laser booth - day edward stand in a cramped white booth . he hold both he hand on a ten - fingered keypad , press down hard . the pad glow red , a searing sound come from he hand , and he grimace as more laser instantly and ( not at all ) painlessly change he fingerprint . zed ( o.s. ) you will have no identify mark of any kind . you will not stand out in any way . int . mib build - headquarters - day one by one , kay delete Edwards 's identity card . on the computer screen be Edwards ' full name -- jame darrel edward III . Kay punch a couple key , and the cursor begin to sweep from right to leave , start to eliminate the rightmost letter of Edwards 's name . zed ( o.s. ) you entire image be carefully craft to leave no last memory whatsoever with anyone you encounter . int . mib build - locker room - day pant come off the hanger . the white shirt be remove . more letter be eliminate from he name . it read " jame darrel ed ... " then " jame darr ... " zed ( o.s. ) you be a rumor , recognizable only as deja vu and dismiss just as quickly . you do not exist ; you be never even bear . the coat be remove . the hat come off the shelf . zed ( o.s. ) anonymity be you name . silence you native tongue . " jame ... " " jam ... " zed ( o.s. ) you be no longer part of " the system . " we be above the system . over it . Beyond it . foot slip into black shoe . a belt be buckle . a tie push up . zed ( o.s. ) we be " they . " we be " they . " on screen , all that 's leave be the letter " J . " as the coat be buttone , we notice the sleeve . monogrammed on the cuff be , simply , the letter " J . " zed ( o.s. ) we be the Men in Black . int . mib build - headquarters - day look slick and handsome in he extremely sharp suit , jame D edward III -- or , rather , jay -- step into the doorway from the locker room . he reach into he pocket , take out the sunglass , and look at kay . jay the difference between you and I ? he slip on the sunglass . jay ( cont 'd ) I make this look good . CUT to : ext . new jersey - early morning we be look at a telephoto shot of Manhattan in all its splendor . we see the orkin van topping a hill , head towards Manhattan . int . mib build - zed' office - day Zed 's office be a circular , window room elevate above the main floor of mib headquarters . jay and kay sit across the desk from Zed . there be five video monitor on a wall behind Zed 's desk , and on each monitor be another man in Black , in different part of the world , the city name and a clock tick in a corner of the image . while Zed talk , he go through paperwork on he desk . zed okay , let 's see . ( to one of the monitor ) bee , we get the depose sur-prefect of sinalee touch down in the forest outside Portland tonight . I be pull you down from anchorage to do a meet - and -greet . bee , a agent on one of the monitor , nod . bee humanoid ? zed you wish . bring a sponge . ( go through memo ) what else -- everybody , we gotta keep Rolling Fish - goat out of the sewer system , he 's scare the rat . and bobo the squat want to reveal himself on " unsolved Mystery . " bee , make sure he do not . he turn a page , come across a red memo . zed ( cont 'd ) red-letter from last night -- we have a un-authorized landing somewhere in upstate New York farm country . keep you ear open for this one , Kay , we be not host a galactic kegger down here . next to he , he computer screen beeps importantly . Zed look over at it . zed well , well , well -- we get a skimmer . kay ( to jay ) land alien out of zone . ( to Zed ) who be it ? zed redgick . he 's not clear to leave Manhattan but he 's way out of town right now , stick in traffic on the New Jersey Turnpike . why do not you take jay ? this be a good one for he to warm up on . ext . mib build - battery park - day jay and kay come out the front of mib headquarters . jay yo , wussup with Zed ? ( imitate he ) " go get they , tiger . we be not host a intergalactic kegger ... " kay Zed be save the world before you be bear , son . show some respect . a mib mechanic pull up in Kay 's black lot and hop out , leave the door open . jay size up the car . jay we get the use of unlimited technology from the entire universe and we cruise around in this ? Kay glare at jay . he 's get annoyed . int . mib lot - day they get in and slam the door . Kay start the car and the engine hum quietly . kay seat belt . jay you know , ya will gotta learn how to talk to people . you could be a little kinder and gentler . Kay grit he tooth . kay buckle up , please . jay now do that hurt ? Kay shift the car into reverse . the awesome power of the car kick in and jay sail forward , thwacking into the dash . Kay shift into forward and tap the gas , slamming jay back into he seat . kay makin ' fun of my ride ... a lighted panel rotate into place between the two front seat . jay 's hand fall by accident on a flash red button in the panel . kay jay . the button ? jay yeah ? kay never push the button , jay . jay jerk he hand away . CUT to : ext . highway - side of the road - day the lot be now stop by the side of the road , dust swirl around it . ahead of it , another car have pull over . kay get out , jay follow a moment later , shaky - legge . Kay walk up to the window of the car they have stop . the driver , a guy in he mid-thirty with a wife in she mid-thirty , roll the window down . kay license and registration , please . the Driver hand over some document . Kay flip through they . kay ( cont 'd ) other license and registration , please . the guy dig out two other card and hand that over . jay peer over Kay 's shoulder . the photograph on the " resident alien id " card be of two friendly - look reptile type , husband and wife , smile atthe camera , they long , skinny tongue dangle in a friendly sort of way . Kay hand they back . kay ( cont 'd ) you resident card have you restrict to the five borough only . where do you think you be go ? redgick it 's my wife ! she 's -- she 's -- well , look ! Kay lean down and look in the window . mrs . redgick be in front , moaning in pain , hold she swollen belly . Kay straighten up , fast . kay oh God . how soon ? Mrs. redgick scream in pain . Real soon . for the first time since we have see he , Kay be nervous . kay ( cont 'd ) okay . all right . no big deal . ( to jay ) you handle it . jay I ? kay sure , it 's easy , you just sorta -- catch . Mrs. redgick scream again . redgick get out of the car , worried . redgick be you sure he know what he 's do ? kay yeah , hell , sure , he do this all the time . c'mon , let he work , redgick , I wanna ask you something . Kay give jay a supportive slap on the back and lead redgick away , to the rear of the car . jay stay in the background and open the rear door , tentatively . he lean down , into the car . jay oh God ! I see it I see it I see it ! a few yard from the car , Kay turn redgick to face he . kay croagg the midwife 's back on 64th and 8th . you be head out of town . redgick well , we be , uh -- meeting someone . suddenly a tentacle whip out from between Mrs. redgick 's leg , crack the whip once , and wrap around the door post , grab hold . jay oh sweet Jesus mother of God do you see that ?! kay ( still to redgick ) so ? who you meeting ? redgick well , it 's -- a ship . kay really ? I do not see a departure clearance for today . redgick you do not ? uh , well -- it be a emergency . now a second tentacle whip out , but this one wrap around jay 's neck and pull tight . he gasp , choke . jay guy -- guy -- kay doin ' fine , ace. ( back to redgick ) what kind of emergency ? what 's the rush to get off the planet all of a sudden ? jay ( choke to death ) help ?! help ! hello ?! he start tug for all he 's worth , but the fight be sort of go against he , as the tentacles pull he in even harder than he try to pull the baby out . redgick we just do not like the neighborhood anymore . some of the -- new arrival . redgick look at Kay , clearly conceal something , but dart he eye away . kay what new arrival ? this have anything to do with the crasher from last night ? jay ( scream ) can you guy do this later ?! but in that moment , jay finally get a foot up on the door frame , acquire leverage , and rip the baby free . he fall , flat on he back in the dirt , the multi-tentacled lizardlike baby rest squarely on he chest . jay ( cont 'd ) oh -- oh -- oh -- man. Kay turn and clap redgick on the back . kay congratulation ! it 's a lizard . jay look down at the creature cooing and nestle on he chest . jay ( misty ) hey , you know , it be sorta -- it vomit on he . CUT to : ext . highway - side of the road - mib lot - day back in the car , jay wipe the last of the puke off he suit while kay start up the car . kay anything about that seem unusual to you ? jay just look at he , very Jack benny . jay pick . kay what kind of " new arrival " would scare redgick so bad that he would risk a warp jump with a newborn ? ( think ) let 's check the hot sheet . ext . newsstand - day close on on various supermarket tabloid as a hand flip through they . there be headline like " pope a father ! " and " top doctor baffle -- baby born pregnant ! " and " man eat own house ! " ( the subhead on that one be " and that 's just the appetizer , say neighbor . " ) kay and jay be at a downtown newsstand . Kay be furiously search through the tabs ; jay be stand behind he , a little embarrassed . jay this be the hot sheet ? Kay pull a copy of the weekly World News from the stand and give the guy a buck . kay best damn investigative report on the planet . but hey , go ahead , read the New York Times if you want . they get lucky sometimes . jay you be actually look for tip in a supermarket tabloid ? kay not look for . found . he smack the paper down on the hood in front of jay , the page turn open to a headline in typeface so large one would think it reserve for the second come : farm wife say " alien stole my husband skin ! " CUT to : ext . gem and jewelry store - orkin van - day a flap of skin , now get gray and crusty with age , hang off edgar 's neck as he sit in the front of he orkin van . he suck as hard as he possibly can on a straw stick into a jolt cola ( " double the sugar ! triple the caffeine ! " ) , one of a six - pack that sit on the dashboard . across the street , Edgar see a short , older man come out of one of the jewelry shop on thirty - fifth Street . Edgar drop the soda and stare . the older man ( rosenberg ) , be carry a cat and a ornate rosewood jewelry box . carefully , he set the box down and lovingly place the cat on top of it while he lock all five lock on the door to he distinctive shop . that finish , he pick up the cat , then the box , then waddle off down the street , one under each arm . Edgar drop the truck into gear and follow he , slowly , trolling along behind he . on the STREET , rosenberg walk happily along , humming to himself . he give he cat a little peck . as he round a corner , we recognize the tune he 's hum -- " I have get the Whole World in my hand . " the orkin van round the corner behind he . follow . CUT to : ext . farmhouse - day the lot pull to a stop at the end of the driveway that lead to beatrice 's farmhouse , where the alien ship land . the wreck pickup truck be still there . jay and kay get out , very undercover cop . jay start up the driveway . kay not so fast . walk up slow . jay why ? kay part of the routine . make it look like we be size up the situation . give she time to get the wrong impression . beatrice appear in the door to the house , curious . kay ( cont 'd ) put some fear into she . make thing go smoother . beatrice call to they . beatrice can I help you gentleman ? beatrice look much better than the last time we see she -- more nicely dress , a touch of makeup , a smile on she face . Kay pull a black card from he wallet and extend it to she as she draw close . as she reach for it , the card reform into a FBI badge . kay how do you do , mar 'am , I be special agent manheim , this be agent Black , FBI . have a few question about you visitor . beatrice be you here to make fun of I too ? kay no mar 'am . we at the FBI do not have a sense of humor that we be aware of . mind if we come in ? beatrice sure. lemonade ? CUT to : int . farmhouse - live room - day in the live room , kay sip some of she lemonade and wince . jay move through the room , check it out as beatrice tell she story . beatrice and they say to I , " if he be murder , how could he walk back in the house ? " and I must admit , I be a little stump by that one . but I know Edgar . and that be not he . it be more like something else that be wear he . like a suit . a Edgar suit . a little giggle escape she at the think . jay , over by a bookcase , notice a frame photo of edgar , kneel in the wood , proudly about to skin a deer . jay damn . if he be this ugly before he be a alien ... beatrice sorry ? kay go on . beatrice anyway , when I come to , he be go . kay do he say anything ? beatrice yes ! he ask for water . sugar water , if I remember . kay sugar water . jay do you taste she lemonade ? Kay nod , put on he sunglass . take out another pair , hand they to jay . Kay draw he neuralyzer . flash ! beatrice freeze , stare straight ahead as if hypnotize . Kay take jay 's glass off and hand they back to he . kay Ray ban . ( pull off jay 's sunglass ) okay , beatrice . there be no alien , and the flash of light you see in the sky be not a ufo . swamp gas from a weather balloon be trap in a thermal pocket and refracted the light from venus -- jay whoa ! that thing erase she memory , and you give she a new one ? kay Standard issue neuralyzer . jay and that 's the best you can come up with ? kay on a more personal note , beatrice , Edgar run off with on old girlfriend . go stay at you mother 's for a few day and get over it . decide you be better off . jay ( but in ) yeah , and you be better off ' cause he never appreciate you anyway . in fact , you kick he out , and now that he 's go , you ought to buy some new clothes , maybe hire a decorator or something ... CUT to : ext . farmhouse - day kay be in the hole where the ship land , investigate . he hold a pocket spectral analyzer over a section of scorched earth . the analyzer shift color . red. then yellow . jay ( from up outside the hole ) hey. Kay ... when be I gonna get one of that memory thing ? the spectral analyzer turn blue . kay when you be ready . ( be : analyzer ) please -- not green . purple . and then green . Kay close he eye and sit back , lean against the dirt . above he , jay lean over , stare down . Kay look up at he . kay ( cont 'd ) do you know what alien life form leave a green spectral trail ? jay wait -- do not tell I -- that be the question on final Jeopardy last night . at the car , Kay snatch up the radio handset and key the microphone . kay ( softly , into mic ) Zed , we have a bug . he turn off the radio and sigh . jay stand next to he . jay I be gonna jump way past you and just guess that this be bad . right ? kay bug thrive on carnage , Tiger . they consume , infest and destroy . they live off the death and decay of other species . jay so basically you have a racial problem with all insect - base life form ? kay listen , kid -- imagine a giant cockroach five time smarter than Albert Einstein , four time stronger than a ox , nine time meaner than hell , strutting he stuff around Manhattan Island in he brand new Edgar suit . do that sound like fun ? jay what do we do ? kay with a bug in town ? watch the morgue . CUT to : ext . leshko' diner - day rosenberg , the jewelry store owner , step out of a cab in the meat- pack district , still carry the ornate box and he beloved cat . he head into leshko 's , a Russian diner . a moment later , the orkin van pull to a stop across the street . int . leshko' diner - day rosenberg come into the tiny restaurant , squinting in the relative darkness . at a table in the middle , he see a man eat alone -- a enormous , dignify , yet profoundly strange - look man in he mid fifty . rosenberg walk carefully over to the table , but do not sit down . the man ( a arquillian , and if we be eagle - eye , we recognize he as the alien on a " diplomatic mission " from passport control ) rise from he chair . he step forward , to face rosenberg , who set the ornate box on the table . immediately , rosenberg's cat jump on top of it . rosenberg and the arquillian stare at each other for a long moment -- -- and then embrace each other . the embrace have a odd , formal quality to it , like mafiosi come to a sitdown . they hold on , long and hard , and both seem choke with emotion . finally , they break apart and take they seat . they speak in a bizarre alien tongue , which be subtitle . rosenberg wipe away tear . rosenberg sorry I be late . the cab driver on this planet be terrible . arquillian you majesty , you be in grave danger . rosenberg yeah , and they overcharge you every time . arquillian Sir , a bug land here . we must get you off the planet . rosenberg a bug ? he must know why I be here . arquillian we think he do . ( notice the ornate box on the table ) be that what I think it be ? rosenberg no , just some diamond for you child . do we have time to eat ? the arquillian relax . arquillian sure . I order you some pirogi . int . leshko' diner - kitchen - day in the kitchen , the Russian cook slap two order of pirogi up on the stainless steel counter -- cook table six be up ! -- and turn away , back to the grill . a hand reach in , take the plate , and set they on a tray . we follow the tray , but see only the right arm and aprone midsection of the waiter carry it . he carry the tray along the counter toward a pair of swinging door that lead out into the restaurant . the door swing in as another waiter sweep into the kitchen , and we waiter head out into the dining area . as the door swing close behind he , they reveal storage shelf cramme with bag of rice , can of stew tomato -- -- and a dead waiter , literally fold in half and stuff in among the shelf . int . leshko' diner - day rosenberg and the arquillian raise they glass in a toast . arquillian to the continue reign of the arquillian Empire . rosenberg to the safety of the galaxy . they clink glass and drink , just as the waiter arrive . still , we see only he arm and midsection as he set the tray on a stand and lift the plate of pirogi . he carry they to the table and set they down . rosenberg , set he glass down next to the plate , catch a glimpse of the waiter 's hand -- -- just as a enormous silverfish bug slither out of the waiter 's sleeve and scurries across the table . the glass slip out of rosenberg 's hand , dump wine all over the table . he look up , slowly , and see the waiter 's face . it 's edgar . another half dozen insect of all variety tumble out of Edgar 's sleeve and scurry across the table . rosenberg and the arquillian freeze , paralyze with fear . they seem to know what dire implication Edgar 's presence hold . rosenberg ( in English again ) you can kill we both -- but you will not find it . Edgar smile . edgar you be right about one thing . suddenly a long stinger whip out from under the back of Edgar 's apron and zip under the table . first rosenberg and then the arquillian lurch forward they chair , they face contort in pain . they both pitch forward , they face slogging into fresh pirogi . the stinger snap out from under the table and whip back under Edgar 's apron . he move quickly , search they pocket , but he do not find what he 's look for . the cat , still perch on top of the ornate box , hiss at he . Edgar reach out and bat the cat away with one vicious swipe of he hand . the animal howl and fly across the room , landing in a woman 's lunch . the woman scream . now other diner ' attention be draw to Edgar 's table , where two obviously dead man be be rob by a waiter . there be shout of outrage , a few men rise out of they seat . Edgar grab the ornate box and try to open it , but find it lock . with the furor rise around he , he shove the box under one arm and bolt for the door . rosenberg 's cat leap back onto the table and snarl at he as he go . CUT to : ext . leshko' diner - day later , and the Russian diner be now a crime scene , cluster with cop and flash light . three body , now on stretcher and cover with sheet , be be load into the back of ambulance . rosenberg's cat race out of a uniformed cop 's arm and leap onto one of the stretcher , meowing mournfully . the uniform cop turn to a police inspector who be question the woman from the diner . cop what be I suppose to do with the cat ? inspector I do not know . send it with the stiff . let family claim it . the cop nod and follow the stretcher with rosenberg 's body into the back of one of the ambulance , allow the cat to ride on the chest of its dead owner for the time be . the door of the wagon slam shut . CUT to : int . morgue - corridor - day the stretcher with the corpse on it be wheeled down a corridor in police headquarters . rosenberg's cat , still on he chest , meow curiously as the stretcher approach two door with " City morgue " write across they . the word split in half as the stretcher bang through the door . int . morgue - day the city morgue be a crowded , brightly - light , tile place with corpse park leave and right . busy day in the Apple . the cop wheeling the stretcher call out to the coroner , who 's hunch over another body . cop where do you want contestant number three ? the coroner turn around . it 's dr . laurel weaver , the woman who try to speak to jay before . she sigh and wave a hand . laurel by the wall , I guess . ( notice ) what 's with the cat ? cop oh , the cat . there 's a problem with the cat . sign here . Laurel sign he clipboard . laurel what 's the problem with the cat ? cop you problem . Laurel give he a dirty look , but he laugh and leave . she go over to the stretcher and bend down , petting rosenberg 's cat gently . laurel be you have a bad day , baby ? cheer up . ( of rosenberg ) his be worse . she set the cat aside and wheel the stretcher under the light . laurel ( cont 'd ) okey -dokey . shall we ? int . morgue - later - day Laurel be hunch over the corpse , the only light in the room come from the overhead spot that illuminate she work . fascinate by something , she dig deeper . and deeper . and look up , she face a mixture of alarm and excitement . laurel oh , my God . CUT to : ext . morgue - night Kay 's lot pull up in front of the morgue . int . morgue - corridor - night two man in black suit hurry down the stair and into the corridor outside the morgue . they hasten down the hallway , they shoe clicking in perfect lockstep , head for that swinging door at the other end . jay and kay . Men in Black on a mission . int . morgue - night in the morgue , laurel have fall asleep on she desk , she head in she arm . rosenberg's cat sit on the desk next to she , lick its paw . suddenly , the cat look up , meowing urgently . Laurel look up and , follow the cat 's gaze , turn around slowly in she chair . jay and kay stand in the doorway , stare at she . Kay step forward , hold out that black card again . it reform into another kind of official id , this time it say " department of public health " laurel ( into recorder ) ... approximately 112 degree at time of autopsy , indicate , quite impossibly , a post - mortem increase in body temperature . examiner attempt to verify result rectally , only to find subject be , uh , without rectum . which can only be describe as ... well ... as really ... kay ( o.s. ) weird ? Dr. Leo menville , Department of Public Health . this be Dr. White . she look up . jay and Kay be stand there . laurel yeah , well whoever you be , I be afraid I be go to need to see some id . he hand she he carte noir , which change to read " Dr. menville , Department of Public Health . " she hand it back . laurel ( check she watch ) you boy must not have much of a home life . kay we watch the morgue very carefully . you have get something unusual ? laurel I would say so -- triple homicide . she get up and go to the arquillian 's body , which be still out on a table under the light . laurel ( cont 'd ) the first corpse be perfectly normal , except that he be break in half , but when I open up the other two -- well , look . she throw back a sheet , revealing ( to they only , not we ) the fully dissect arquillian . Kay raise a eyebrow ; jay nearly retch . laurel ( cont 'd ) there 's a skeletal structure at work here unlike anything I have ever see . Kay step past she , go straight to the body . he begin to examine it . kay I will have a look at this one . Dr. White , why do not you and Dr. weaver check out the other body ? laurel this way , Doctor . jay and Laurel cross the room , to where rosenberg 's corpse lie out on another gurney . laurel ( cont 'd ) this one 's even stranger . I do a full laparotomy . I start with the lesser curvature of the stomach -- though , if you want , we could begin at the gastro-esophageal junction . jay I think , uh , we should start at the same place you do . laurel all right . jay hear a meow and look down . rosenberg 's cat be rub up against he leg . jay you cat ? laurel guess it be now . come in with the body . she snap one of she rubber glove and reach down ( out of frame ) , sink she hand into the body as she move thing aside . just by the look on jay 's face , one can imagine how disgusting it be . Laurel dig in , up to she elbow . jay wince . she pull one bloody glove out , to wipe a strand of hair out of she face . he look at she -- -- and she wink at he . he 's surprised . she laugh . laurel ( cont 'd ) okay . dive right in . God know he will not mind . jay be reluctant , so she roll she eye and help he , take he by the hand and guide he into the thick of the corpse . laurel ( cont 'd ) you have very pretty eye . jay thank - you , but be this really the time to uh -- you know , come on to I ? laurel hey , just walk the dog. ( continue ) feel that ? where the piloric junction would be ? jay oh , yes . exactly . laurel now push that aside . notice anything strange ? stomach ? liver ? lung ? jay nope . all fine . laurel Doctor , they be all miss . jay ( quickly ) well , of course they be . what I be point out be that there be no piece of they leave . so they be intact , wherever they be . that we can be sure of . laurel have we meet before ? I have the strangest feel of deja vu . jay you know , I be just go to ask you the same thing . Laurel look at he sideways , skeptical , but also intrigue . she whisper to he . confide in he . laurel okay . you wanna know what I really think ? ( be : Kay ) but do not tell that guy . he look like he 's already under enough stress . ( then ) this body be not really a body , but it 's actually some sort of transport unit for something else altogether . the question be : what ? jay just look at she intrigue . laurel by the way , stop I if I be freaking you out . jay no , no ... not at all . after a particularly gross gushy sound , he look away , toward she . she 's stare at he . Laurel lean over and lower she voice , just for he . laurel you know what I like to do sometimes ? when it 's really late ? jay ( freak out ) no ... from the other side of the room , Kay clear he throat . jay ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . he walk across the morgue to Kay , who be still examine the arquillian . but jay never take he eye off Laurel . kay what do you think ? jay ( of Laurel ) very interesting . get a real Queen of the undead thing goin ' on . kay of the body . jay great body . kay the dead body ? jay not a clue . kay all right . keep she occupy . try not to sound too dumb . across the morgue , Laurel be still examine rosenberg , now bent down next to he head , carefully study he leave ear . she notice something strange , turn , and call over she shoulder to jay . laurel Dr. White . jay , in conversation with Kay , do not respond to what be not he name . laurel ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) Dr. white. ( still louder ) Dr. White . he still do not answer . laurel ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) dr . white ! Kay nudge jay . kay you be up , slugger . jay turn and race across the room to rejoin she . laurel look at this . jay lean down . there be strange stitching around the base of rosenberg 's ear . jay what be that ? he reach out , touch the ear , then he actually turn it . with a soft click -- -- it pull away from the head . like a latch . jay and Laurel look at each other , astonished . jay pull again , and rosenberg 's entire face push out with a mechanical hum , then hinges OPEN , the whole face rotate out away from the rest of the artificial skull . a tiny little GREEN man sit inside rosenberg's head . though not quite dead , the tiny Little Green man be gravely wounded . he stagger up out of a small control room inside rosenberg 's head , with gearshift and view screen all around the inside of the skull . laurel Far -- freaking -- out . they lean in closer . the tiny Little Green man ( a baltian ) force word out of he mouth . baltian must -- to pre -- prevent -- ( search for the word ) -- contest ? no ...to prevent -- jay it 's all right -- what be you try to say ? struggle ? laurel War ? the baltian nod vigorously . that 's it . baltian ( falter ) galaxy on -- or -- or -- orion 's -- ( think ) what be word ? be ...? jay bed ? belt ? orion 's belt ? the baltian nod again , fall , and die . jay and Laurel look at the little dead alien , then at each other . jay ( cont 'd ) " to prevent war , the galaxy be on orion 's belt ? " the hell do that mean ? ( turn around ) hey ! Kay ! I mean , Dr. , uh , whatever , come here ! Kay begin over . Laurel look at they . laurel " Doctor whatever " ? you be not with the Department of Public Health , be you ? jay shake he head -- but be now pay more attention to Kay , as he lead he toward the Little man . jay he 's dead . Kay look at the mess -- the body , the little dead man . kay rosenberg . damn . good man . jay you know he ? kay one of the few I actually like . exiled High Prince . laurel I be right -- this be a alien life form , and you be from some government agency who want to keep it under wrap ... Kay and jay be not pay attention to Laurel . jay he say " to prevent war , the galaxy be on orion 's belt . " laurel ... this make total sense . how else do you explain New York ? the other night I be in a cab , this guy ... flash ! without even look at she , Kay whip out he neuralyzer and blank she out . kay he say there 's a galaxy on orion 's belt ? that make no sense . jay that 's what he say . ( to the daze Laurel ) do not he ? right after he -- ( realize ) oh , for Christ 's sake , you do the flashy thing already . laurel ( as if awaken ) uh , hi , whoever you guy be , I be afraid I be go to need to see some id if you be go to be in the morgue , okay ? kay sure thing , sweetheart . here you go . flash ! he neuralyze she again . jay slap he hand . jay stop that -- kay ( to Laurel , ignore jay ) typical day , too much caffeine , get a life . jay -- that thing probably give you brain cancer ! kay never hurt she before . jay " never hurt she before " ?! how many time have you do the flashy thing to this poor woman ?! kay ( evasive ) couple . jay be not you worried about , you know , long term damage ? kay ( more evasive ) Little bit . jay what the hell happen to make you such a callous son of a bitch ? kay I take this job . he head out . jay follow . jay hey , you never flashed I with that thing , do you ? kay Nah . ext . morgue - night jay and Kay exit the morgue and walk towards they car . jay hey , Kay , I really think I should be in charge of the flashy memory thing department . kay not while I be around , slim . jay yeah , well you be a menace with that thing ... a mib containment vehicle pull up , and four man dress in black suit get out . kay ( to a mib agent ) we have get two dead alien in there , and a deputy medical coroner in need of a new memory . CUT to : ext . new york alley - night the orkin van be park in a alleyway somewhere downtown . from inside , throaty wail of frustration can be hear . two passersby hear the racket and hesitate , wonder if they should get involved . but a inhuman growl rattles the whole van and they wise up , hurry on they way . int . orkin van - new york alley - night Inside the van , the ornate rosewood box be now batter and scar , its various lock hold tight against edgar 's repeat attempt to claw he way into it . cramme into the back of the van along with he spaceship , Edgar wedge a screwdriver into the thin open between the top and the rest of the box and smack it with he right fist . nothing do . he bellows in rage and hurl the box against the side of the van , where it finally crack a hinge . Edgar snap it up , pries the rest of the hinge off with the screwdriver , and wrench the top off the box . Inside , there be dozen of precious , glitter diamond , which he promptly toss aside as worthless . but the rest of the box be empty . edgar no. no , no , no , noooo ! he rip the box apart with he bare hand . there 's nothing else there . CUT to : ext . mib build - magic hour as lower Manhattan be waking up , jay and Kay enter the building . int . mib build - headquarters - early morning despite the early hour , the headquarters be go full - blast . the large screen display the familiar grouping of star that be the constellation orion . jay and Kay hurry in -- Kay peel off to one of the monitor ; jay head for Zed . jay do not anybody believe in sleep around here ? zed the twin keep we on Alpha centaurian time -- a 37 - hour day . give it a few month -- you will get use to it . or you will have a psychotic episode . he point up at the screen with a laser pencil . zed here 's orion ; the brightest grouping of star in the northern sky ... ( point ) and here 's orion 's belt -- he indicate the three star that make up the belt . jay that 's what the little guy be talk about , " to prevent war , the galaxy 's on orion 's belt ... " zed there be no galaxy on orion 's belt . the belt be just this three star ; galaxy be huge , make up of billion of star . ( switch off the laser pointer ) you hear wrong . jay you be attract to I , be not you ? jay start to cross over to another monitor , where Kay be sit alone , tie loosen , slightly dishevel . on the screen , the word " searching " blink , encourage patience . the image change to a satellite view of North America , which quickly zoom in on the Southwest . on screen , the satellite view zoom down to Arizona , then a city , then a neighborhood , then a block , then a back yard . the printout change to " subject acquired . " the image come into sharp focus on one back yard in particular , where we get a good look at a middle - aged woman . subject : elizabeth ann reston present location : residence 553 fairfield ave . / tempe / az whoever Elizabeth Ann reston be , she 's lovely . she 's set a picnic table in she back yard at the moment , unaware that she 's be watch by a eye in the sky -- just as Kay be unaware that jay be stand behind he . jay notice the monitor with the Middle - age woman on it . he look at Kay 's expression , then back at the monitor . jay pretty lady ... Kay click off the picture of she . jay drag a chair and sit down . jay ( cont 'd ) you be the guy with the flower in the photo , ( the night the alien arrive . ) ( what , you be on you way to a dance or something and you get lose ? and she never get that flower , do she ? ] Kay do not answer , just stare at the screen . Elizabeth look up , as if she know she 's be watch , but she 's just look at the sky , wonder how many star will be out tonight . jay ( cont 'd ) grumpy guy 's story come into focus . she ever get marry ? kay no. it 's more than Kay can bear . he reach out and flick a switch . the monitor go blank , except for a data screen : subject lost Kay sit back in the chair and eat a potato chip morosely . jay look at he : " be this I in thirty year ? " a moment go by . finally : jay well , it 's better to have love and lose than never to have -- kay try it . zed ( o.s. ) Kay . jay and Kay cross back toward the lad ( land alien display ) , where each of the thousand or so alien who live on earth be represent by a flicker light . some light be start to go out . kay ( quietly , with dread ) they be leave . zed we have have twelve jump in the last hour . redgick be just the beginning . jay what do they know that we do not know ? Kay look to he partner , then to the screen . another light flicker out . kay why do rat desert the ship ? ( to the twin ) go to lem Sat iv . put up a forty - field view of Manhattan . on the screen New York City be just a bright spot of light on the Eastern coast of the United States . kay ( cont 'd ) four hundred . now there 's a view of the earth from space . nothing unusual . kay ( cont 'd ) four thousand . now we be look at earth from far , far away -- and from here we can see something that do not belong in this picture : a battle cruiser far off to one side of the earth . the word " level four " flash in red letter on one side of the map . kay ( cont 'd ) that 's a arquillian battle cruiser . jay and we have get a dead arquillian prince . a communication start coming over the speaker -- a sound like a cat and mouse catch in a blender . kay message come in . the communication continue . kay ( cont 'd ) speak of the devil . the communication continue . jay they sound piss . zed ( to the twin ) translate that and step on it ! ( to Kay ) meanwhile get down to rosenberg 's store and see what you can turn up . Kay and jay walk away . zed ( cont 'd ) and Kay -- take a lot of fire power . in the equipment locker Kay pull out the enormous , many - barrel hand gun . a small , clear , canister sprout from underneath it , malicious swirl gas visible through its wall . jay I like that . kay Series four de-atomizer . Kay pull out another weapon , the tiniest gun we've ever see . kay ( cont 'd ) here . we call this the " noisy cricket . " jay you get a series four de-atomizer and I get a " noisy cricket ? ! " ( look at the gun ) I be afraid I be go to break it . jay follow Kay out , glance back to see the huge gun turret on the arquillian Battle cruiser hum and whir as they swing around into position , point down at the unwitting planet below . CUT to : int . gem and jewelry store - day smash ! the window in the front door of rosenberg 's jewelry shop collapse in a shower of glass . edgar reach in and fumble with the lock , undoing they one by one . he get they all and step inside . out the window behind he , we can see he orkin van , double park in the street in front . all the gem and jewel be under glass counter . Edgar start smashing the glass , grab great handfuls of jewel and toss they aside . outside , a New York City tow truck pull up to the front of the orkin van and start to hitch up . Edgar , in he rage , start to smash anything breakable , even the frame picture on the wall . he stop at one particular picture , stare intently at it . it 's a glamor shot of rosenberg 's cat , provocatively pose on a satin pillow . there be a half dozen more picture of the cat , some pose with rosenberg , some by itself . this animal be important to rosenberg . from outside , the roar of a engine distract Edgar . he turn around , in time to see the orkin van lurch as the tow lift its front wheel off the ground . ext . gem and jewelry store - day edgar rush outside as the tow truck driver get the van up on the hoist . edgar that 's my truck ! driver and make sure you tell they that at the impound . Edgar reach into the front seat of the van and pull out he twelve gauge . he point it at the tow truck Driver . the tow truck driver look at he with disdain , and pull back he shirt reveal a mean-look gun . driver ( cont 'd ) I get worse . he keep hitching up the van . two pedestrian walk past the dispute , very fast , ignore the debate , head right for the shop . we go with they , and realize that it 's -- -- jay and kay . they stop at the smashed door of the jewelry shop and exchange a glance . Kay pull a very menace - look weapon , nod , and they step inside . int . gem and jewelry store - day they look around and see the recent demolition cause by Edgar . jay furrow he brow . jay who rob a jewelry store and leave the jewel ? kay someone who 's not look for jewel . jay move behind the counter . on the floor be a ornate , empty bowl and a bag of cat food , next to a scrumptious pillow . there be several photo of a cat on the wall . there be also a pile of bejeweled cat collar . jay pick up one of the collar , inspect it closely , shaking he head . jay this guy have a serious crush on he cat . jay 's attention be break by something through the window . outside , lumber straight for the store , be edgar . jay think for a moment -- where do he know that face ? suddenly , Edgar raise he arm , point both the farmer 's rifle and the driver 's shotgun . before Edgar can shoot , jay yell ... jay Kay ! get down ! and then jay fire , shatter the storefront window , and blowing up a car on the street . the blast hurl he up and back a good ten foot , slamming he into the wall with tremendous force . Edgar turn and rush away down the street as jay pick himself up . jay the bug in the Edgar suit ! the ugly redneck from the picture ! that 's he ! jay leap through the break storefront window and after Edgar . kay ( pick himself up ) damn it . Kay run out after jay . ext . gem and jewelry store - day Edgar do not bother stick around to continue he fight . he jump behind the wheel of the tow truck , start it up , and hit the gas . the engine roar . jay sprint after he , firing he noisy cricket . he be throw back into some pedestrian , while he shot ... Hit the rigging between the orkin Van and the town truck , separate the two . jay pull himself up and sprint after the tow truck , but it accelerate too quickly . Edgar be just about to turn the corner when jay leap onto a park car to try and get some height . as jay prepare to shoot , edgar disappear around the corner , and a hugh truck back into he line of fire . jay fire , the truck explode and jay fly backward , hurtle through the air and crashing through the window of a car , he rear end right in the woman driver 's face . when jay look up , Kay be stand before he . he yank jay out of the car . kay we do not discharge we weapon in view of the public . jay can we drop the cover - up bullshit ?! there 's a alien Battle cruiser that 's gonna blow - up the world if we do not ... kay there 's always a alien Battle cruiser ... or a korlian death Ray , or ... a intergalactic plague about to wipe out life on this planet , and the only thing that let people get on with they hopeful little life be that they do not know about it . Kay gesture to a group of onlooker , draw by the curious blast from the store . there 's smoking rubble everywhere . kay do not worry about the bug . he 's not leave town . we have get he ship . after gesture to the back of the orkin van , where Edgar 's spaceship be neatly stow , Kay pull out he cell phone . kay ( into phone ) Zed , we be gonna need a containment crew down here at mcdougal , south of Houston . int . mib build - headquarters - day back at Men in Black headquarters , the little light on the world map which indicate alien ' location be go out , one by one , about one every five or ten second . a warning buzzer be sounding , over and over , and human staffer be rush leave and right . zed be in he office . zed containment may be a moot point , my friend . the exodus continue . it 's like the party 's over and the last one to leave get stick with the check . Zed look down to the vast floor below and see the four worm guy with suitcase walk across the floor . zed you sorry little ingrates ! kay ( o.s. ) what about the arquillian ? zed we have only translate a part of the message so far : " deliver the galaxy . " kay ( o.s. ) no , they do not want much , do they ? zed oh , it get better ... they be hold we responsible . he look up at the screen . it read : mib deliver the galaxy . zed another contestant have enter the ring . ext . new york STREET ( outside jewelry store ) as Kay put away he phone , turn to jay kay all right , kid . the arquillian want the galaxy , whatever the hell that mean . we need help . a professional . someone with year of experience in intergalactic politics . I just hope the little prick have not skip town . CUT to : ext . uptown newsstand - day the tow truck squeal to a halt at a curb . edgar get out and walk away , fast , cursing under he breath . he rant , livid , think hard . as he pass a newsstand , he grab the news vendor by the collar . edgar where do you keep you dead ? vendor ( think ) I do not have any dead . edgar where ?! vendor I do not know , the city morgue ! Edgar shove he away roughly . but before he leave , he eye catch a postcard display mark " landmark of the new york CITY area . " Edgar stare , fascinate , but we do not see what he 's look at . he reach out and pick up a color postcard . he raise it to he face , think , then shove it in he pocket and hurry off . CUT to : ext . STREET - key kiosk - day Kay 's lot screech to a halt in front of the kiosk on orchard Street . jay and kay leap out and jay spot the vendor , close up the shop . he 's wear a dirty cardigan , watch cap , and fingerless glove , he face aquiver with tick and mannerism . he have a small dog in front of he . jay roll he eye as they step up to the counter . jay of course that guy 's a alien . that 's gotta be the worst disguise I have ever see . a voice answer he , but not the vendor 's . frank the pug you do not like it , you can kiss my furry little butt . jay look down . the voice be come from the dog . this be frank the pug . Kay approach , motion to jay to make sure no one hear . kay you busy , Frank ? frank the pug sorry , Kay , I can not talk right now , my ride 's leave in -- Kay grab Frank . he yelp like , well , a dog . kay call the pound . we get a stray . frank the pug hey ! get you paw off I ! passerbys glare at Kay , who appear to be seriously mistreate this poor little dog . jay try to explain . jay the , uh ... dog owe my friend some money . kay ( to Frank ) arquillian and bug . what do you know ? frank the pug I know nothing . kay not a thing ? Kay shake Frank the pug , try to force a answer . frank the pug stop it . okay , okay . rosenberg be not some two -bit arquillian . he be the guardian of a galaxy . they think he would be safe here on earth . kay and the bug have other plan . frank the pug the galaxy be the best source for subatomic energy in the universe . if the bug get they slimy claw on it , kiss the arquillian goodbye . jay ask he about the belt . kay ( to Frank ) rosenberg say something about a galaxy on " orion 's belt . " what 's he talk about , Frank ? frank the pug beat I . Kay shake Frank the pug once more . jay ( to a person pass by ) they be rehearse a ventriloquist act . frank the pug the galaxy be here . kay here ? jay the galaxy be hundred of million of star and planet ? how 's it here ? if a dog can smirk , Frank do . frank the pug you human , when're you gonna learn that size do not matter ? just ' cause something 's important , do not mean it 's not very , very small . kay how small ? frank the pug tiny . like the size of a marble . or a jewel . now if you will excuse I , I need to be walk before the flight . Kay let go of Frank , turn to jay , who be lose in think . kay ( to Frank the pug ) get out of here . ( then to jay ) the galaxy 's here . it 's not on orion 's belt . jay suddenly notice Frank the pug bark at a cat farther down the sidewalk . jay Kay ... CUT to : int . morgue - day in the morgue , laurel be work at a desk when suddenly rosenberg's cat leap up onto it from nowhere , the way cat do , landing right in the middle of the file she 's study . Laurel jump . laurel Boy , when you want attention -- she pet the cat . as she do , the cat 's collar shine in the light . Laurel turn the name tag to face she . close on a precious jewel , and the word " orion . " as it be write across the collar of the cat . laurel ( o.s ) " orion . " that 's a pretty name . from out in the corridor , a bell ring -- ding , ding . Laurel notice something dangle from the cat 's collar -- a circular icon of a strange and beautiful metal . the center be some sort of harden , translucent material , light green in color . laurel ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? she peer into the jewel , and she face wash over with amazement . int . icon - day it 's as if Laurel be suck into another universe . her face go beatifically blank as she sail through a massive starfield , million of star , billion of green , verdant planet , all racing by she at the speed of light . int . morgue - day laurel wow . outside , the bell ding again . orion look up , as if know who 's out there , and not like it . she snarl at the door and leap off the desk , scurrying across the lab and disappear under some equipment . int . / ext . lot - manhattan - day jay and Kay barrel through town . jay so two galaxy have be fight for year . and the only people who have be benefit be a race of creature call bug . then the two galaxy decide to make peace ... and the bug send this guy down to make sure the fight never stop . kay by kill the emissary , and steal the galaxy they have be fight about . jay and if we do not get it back before he leave the planet ... we be history . kay we be not even history . ' Cause history imply there 's someone around to remember it . int . morgue - corridor - day on a counter in the morgue corridor , a gray , peel hand bang on a bell on a countertop , over and over . the hand belong to edgar , who be carry he shotgun , conceal it behind one leg . the morgue attendant , tony , emerge from a small security cage carry a wear paperback copy of atlas shrugge and a fly swatter . tony thank you for make sure the bell work . suddenly , quick as a gunfighter , tony snap the fly swatter down on a buz fly . Edgar wince . tony ( cont 'd ) ( to Edgar ) what 's up , Farmer John ? edgar a man come in here earlier . a dead man . tony and this mean what to I ? edgar he be a very dear friend of mine . and I believe he have a animal with he . a gift I give he , a pet cat that mean world to I . I would like it back . tony I will need a picture id , write proof of ownership of the cat , or notarize proof of kinship with -- whack ! tony flick the fly swatter again , send another bug to meet its maker . Edgar grit he tooth . tony ( cont 'd ) -- the decease . edgar do not -- do that . whack ! still another fly go down . tony do what ? tony look down , to where Edgar 's hand rest on the counter . half a dozen cockroach stream out of he sleeve . tony ( cont 'd ) shit ! he duck under the counter -- -- and come up with a can of raid . Edgar 's eye bug out . CUT to : ext . morgue - day Kay 's lot pull to a stop in front of the morgue and jay and kay jump out . jay I will handle this one , you wait outside . kay what the hell for ? jay because all we have to do be walk in and get a cat , it 's not that hard . but if you go in , you be gonna lay you Jack webb on she and flash you brain ray in she face and she 's gonna end up with leukemia or some shit . the woman 's a doctor , she do not need you erase half she mo school class . take I five minute . and he continue into the morgue , leave Kay wait outside . kay two minute ! int . morgue - day laurel slam into a wall on one side of the morgue , throw there by edgar . he lean in , close , furious . edgar where be the animal ?! laurel I tell you , I do not know , it run under some equipment ! over there . edgar get it ! he grab she roughly and drag she across the morgue , toward the equipment she point to . as they draw close , orion the cat bolt from underneath it , race between they leg , and leapfrog over several small cabinet , landing on top of a very tall one with only six inch clearance between it and the ceiling . a very tough hide place . Edgar just start to turn when they hear the bell and a voice from the corridor outside . jay ( o.s. ) hello ? anybody here ? Edgar look up at the cat 's hide place . no time to get it . the bell ding again . jay ( o.s. ) hello ? roughly , Edgar pull Laurel close and put a finger to he lip -- " shhhhhhh . " int . morgue - corridor - day in the corridor , jay look around . no tony , no answer to the bell . he ding once more , then head into the back . int . morgue - day jay come into the morgue . laurel be in there , stand right up next to a examination table , but there be no corpse on the table , just a sheet drape over it . she just stand there , in the middle of the room , stare at jay . jay uh , hi . laurel ( oddly ) hello . jay ( flash a badge ) I be sergeant Friday , from the twenty - Sixth precinct . they bring a cat in here with a corpse the other day , might have say " orion " on the cat 's name tag ? laurel yes . that 's right . jay right , well , the cat be , uh -- the cat 's a witness in a murder case and I be go to need to take it with I . laurel I do not know where the cat be at the moment . jay you do not ? laurel no. ( lower she voice to a whisper ) maybe you could take I with you instead . jay look at she . jay Excuse I ? laurel I say , maybe you could take I with you instead . jay damn , you do start fast , do not you ? laurel I would really like to go with you . now . jay just look at she , amaze at the power he seem to have over this woman . he look over he shoulder , to make sure he have a few more second alone . jay and , uh , why exactly be that ? Laurel roll she eye . she seem irritate with he , but it do not go with what she 's say . laurel I just do . int . morgue - corridor - day kay come down the stair and into the morgue corridor . he check he watch , then lean against the counter and pull out a pack of cigarettes . wait . int . morgue - day jay be thoroughly enjoy himself , but Laurel seem to be go crazy . laurel I have something I need to show you . she look down , pointedly , in the direction of she waist . jay now slow down , you do not have to hit the gas like that . she lean in and lower she voice . laurel you do not understand . you really need to see this . jay and I will . but we gotta get something straight here -- I be gonna drive . it 's not some kind of macho trip , it 's just the way I be use to do thing , okay ? int . morgue - corridor - day Kay pull out a box of match and strike one on the side . he raise it to he cigarette , but as it draw close , the match go out with a sharp sizzle . Kay furrow he brow . odd . int . morgue - day Laurel be at the end of she rope . laurel look , stud , I do not know how many more time I be go to get to tell you this . there 's something -- she point , sharply , at the examination table directly in front of she . laurel ( cont 'd ) -- that you have to help I with . jay 's smile vanish and he jaw drop as he figure it out . he start to reach for he gun . int . morgue - corridor - day Kay raise another light match to he cigarette , but as this one get close , a big glob of goo drop from the ceiling and onto the match , dousing the flame . Kay look up , sharply . above he , tony , the counter guy , be stick to one high corner of the ceiling by a enormous wad of viscous , drip fluid . he 's dead , a freeze look of terror on he face and the can of raid still clutch in he hand . from inside the morgue , Laurel scream . int . morgue - day Kay race into the morgue just as the examination table explode into the air , revealing edgar , who be hide beneath it . now everything happen at once . jay leap back and draw the noisy cricket , Kay pull out he series four deatomizer , and Edgar hold he shotgun under Laurel 's chin , use she body to shield he own . kay freeze it , bug ! jay do not shoot ! do not shoot ! laurel ( to jay ) christ , be you thick ! jay how be I suppose to know !?! laurel what do I have to do , sing it for you !?! jay maybe if you do not come on like a drunken prom date ! laurel oh , that 's so typical . any time a woman show the slight hint of sexual independence , man just -- edgar everybody shut up ! kay let she go , shit eater . edgar listen , monkey Boy , I may have to take that kind of talk in my end of the universe , but compare to you human , I be the top rung on the evolutionary ladder , so can it , all right ?! kay you be breakin ' my heart . move six inch to you leave and I will solve all you problem . orion the cat suddenly attack , leaping off the top of the cabinet and landing on Edgar , hissing and scratch and claw for all she 's worth . Edgar snap a arm up and whip she off . the cat squirm in he arm , the icon jangling . Edgar grab the icon , hold onto it , and fling the cat away , across the morgue . the icon come free , remain in he hand . he drop it into he mouth and swallow . he shove the gun hard against Laurel 's cheek . edgar that 's better . now put down you weapon . we be leave . Kay freeze , tooth clench , gun still in front of he . standoff . edgar ( cont 'd ) have you ever pull the wing off a fly ? Edgar crank one of Laurel 's arm behind she back , hard , and she cry out in pain . edgar ( cont 'd ) would you care to see the fly get even ? kay how far you think you will get without you ship ? if that 's what you call that hunk of space crap we have get back at we office . edgar put the weapon down ! kay never gonna happen , insect . Edgar back away with Laurel , further into the morgue , toward a glass window that look out at the base of a air shaft . jay and Kay advance , slowly , cornere he . jay it 's okay , Laurel ! laurel how be it okay ?! jay I mean it 's go to be okay ! edgar do not bet on it , meat sack . and with that he turn , leap -- -- and crash right through the window , into the air shaft . ext . morgue ( side STREET ) - dusk edgar , still clutching laurel , explode up over a railing . nobody look twice as Edgar , drag Laurel ( with he arm over she mouth ) , race toward the nearby busy Manhattan Street . int . morgue - AIR shaft - dusk jay and Kay duck into the air shaft and look up -- too far to climb , and the wall be smooth anyway . kay damn it ! they turn and run out of the morgue . ext . the nearby busy manhattan STREET - dusk edgar , with laurel , run right in front of a cab , which screech to a halt inch from they . the cabbie stick he head out and yell something in a unknown language . and keep yell as -- Edgar reach through the passenger side and pull the cabbie out the door ( cigarette and wooden seat - bead and all ) . the cab Driver be still yell as Edgar leap in , push Laurel in before he , leave she behind the wheel . he remove a postcard -- the one he take from the display on the newsstand . edgar take I here . laurel what ??? Edgar just crank the car into gear -- open he mouth and swallow the icon -- and in so do revealing a triple row of serrate bug - teeth , he slam he foot on the gas pedal . Laurel 's head snap back as the car rock forward . she have no choice , but to grab the wheel and start steering as -- the car screech out into traffic , swerving wildly as Laurel be force to make a 90 - degree turn . the car fishtail wildly , swiping a oncoming car as it straighten and head into the traffic . the furious cab Driver run off after it , still yell as he disappear around the corner . a second later , kay and jay rush out into the street . the cab be nowhere to be see . jay run into the street , notice the wooden bead , the rip pine -scent green deodorizer , and the still - burn cigarette . jay they be in a cab . and jay start run down the street , where dozen of cab be wait at the intersection . he 's run from cab to cab , pound on window , scare the live shit out of people -- jay hey ! Laurel !? hey ! -- but Laurel and Edgar be nowhere to be find . up ahead the light turn green and the tide of taxi wash away , leave jay on the street . he turn as a car screech up behind he , its headlight shine in he eye . as it get closer , jay see it 's Kay in the lot . kay stop waste time . he 's not get off the planet in a cab . CUT to : int . mib build - headquarters - night jay and Kay rush in from the door under the World 's Fair mural , and head toward the main display screen ; all around they , the mib staffer be in frenetic activity in response to the threat from above . kay ( to tech at a desk ) come with I . put up a bio - net all the way around Manhattan ; if it 's not human , it 's not leave the island . kay ( cont 'd ) what have we get from we friend upstairs ? zed same thing : " deliver the galaxy . " kay yeah , well the bug 's get the galaxy , but we have get he ship . he 's get to be look for a way out . just then , a loud alarm wail . at the MAIN viewing screen , a GREEN line shoot out from the arquillian ship , strike a region of planet earth . int . mib build - headquarters - night -- headquarters , where every bell , whistle and light imaginable be go off . jay what the hell be they shoot at US for ?! zed arquillian battle rule , kid . first we get a ultimatum , then a warning shot , then we have a galactic standard week to respond . jay a galactic standard week ? how the hell long be that ? kay one hour . jay one hour ? viewing the screen , it now read : mib deliver the galaxy or the earth will be destroyed ... sorry zed to keep the bug from get it , the arquillian will destroy the galaxy and whatever planet it 's on . jay you be talk about US ! zed suck , do not it ? kay pull up the location of all land - base interstellar vehicle . zed they be all go . Frank the pug take the last ship on the planet . as Kay and Zed watch as the machine scroll through the data , jay walk back towards the center of the room , deep in think . over he we hear : kay Atlantic City ? zed go . kay that landfill on the Jersey shore ? zed go . jay uh , gentleman . kay epcot ? zed go . kay Miami Beach ? zed go . jay fellas . kay hartford ? zed go , thank god. jay hey . Old guy . Kay and Zed both look up at once , scowling . jay ( cont 'd ) do that still work ? they follow he gaze , up , over the computer terminal . there , on the wall in front of they , where it have loom for the entire movie , be the enormous mural of the 1964 World 's Fair grounds . most prominent in the mural be two tall tower that rise dramatically from the ground , top by -- -- the two fly saucer from the very first alien contact . as they stand there , wide - eye , stare at it , we -- dissolve to : ext . world be fair - night -- the real - live twin tower on the actual fairground in flush meadow . a taxi screech to a halt at the edge of a fence a hundred yard away . edgar shove laurel out through the driver 's door and follow behind she , still hold he weapon on she . edgar you be come with I . laurel what ?! why ?! edgar it 's a long trip . I will need a snack . and he shove she ahead of he , off in the direction of the space ship . behind he , abandon on the front seat of the cab , we finally see the front of the postcard he 's be carry around . " flushing meadow , site of the 1964 world' fair , " it say , with a distinctive photograph of the spaceship . so that 's how he know . CUT to : ext . columbus circle - night nighttime now , and the city hum along , just another Thursday night . the clock in Columbus Circle say it 's 7:45 . ext . sixth avenue - night tvs in the window of a appliance store show a rerun of " cheer . " people laugh . ext . time square - night the news ticker in Times Square announce the latest shatter news : rain likely -- temps drop to 60's earthling pass leave and right , blissfully unaware of they impending doom . CUT to : ext . mib build - night kay and jay leap into Kay 's lot and slam the door . Kay jam the key in the ignition , the car roar to life , and he turn to jay . kay whaddya say we bag we some bug ? he hit the gas and the car rocket away from the curb . ext . CITY street - night the lot tear through the city . int . mib lot - traveling - night Kay turn sharply to the right , smacking jay around . look up ahead , he see the entrance to the midtown tunnel . jay you be take the tunnel ?! kay you know a better way to queen ? jay it 's usually jamme ?! ext . midtown tunnel - night the lot race through the tunnel at top speed . it 's clear drive for a few second , but then they round a bend -- -- and there 's a traffic jam up ahead . int . mib lot - traveling - night Kay approach the line of car at top speed , with no intention of slow down . jay , terrify , hold on for dear life . jay I tell you ! kay jay . the button ? jay yeah ?! kay push the button , jay . a lighted panel rotate into place between the two front seat , and that red button flash underneath its plastic shield again . jay flip back the plastic cover and jam he finger down on the red flash button . kay ( cont 'd ) and you may want to throw on a seat belt . ext . midtown tunnel - mib lot - night as the lot rocket toward the traffic jam up ahead , it begin to evolve , its shape actually change . the side and back extend as some sort of endoskeleton push the " normal " panel out . it become a larger , wire machine , hold together by a elaborate series of mechanical muscle and metallic tendon . Kay 's car hurtle toward certain death in the traffic jam , but at the last possible moment it swerve off to the side , a sucking SOUND come from underneath it . instead of bang off the wall of the tunnel , the lot actually cling to it . it swerve up , onto the wall and hang there , racing by the traffic below . it keep go , turn all the way over and drive upside down , wheel cling to the roof of the tunnel . int . mib lot - traveling - night jay fall from he seat with a clunk , onto the upside down ceiling of the car . ball up on the back of he neck , he peer out the window as they tear through the tunnel , zooming over the bottleneck traffic underneath . as they race through the tunnel , they have a minute to kill . kay mind if I smoke ? jay what ?!? kay in the car , I mean . jay I do not care !! kay hey , just a common courtesy . it bother some people if you smoke in a car . he light a cigarette and blow the smoke out leisurely , one hand on the wheel , just wait out the tunnel . jay give up struggle to right himself and close he eye , suffer through this . ext . mib lot - traveling - night from outside the car , we watch it rocket along on the roof of the tunnel . we can hear kay' voice as he go on . and on . kay yeah , it 's harder and harder to smoke anywhere this day . Hell , I suppose I should quit . I have try . never take , though . I be beginning to think I lack self - control . and they disappear out the other end of the tunnel -- int . mib lot - traveling - night -- and flip over , banging back down onto the road on the other side . jay fall off the ceiling and slam into he seat . kay well , back to work . he flip he cigarette out the window and crank the wheel to the leave . ext . midtown tunnel - toll booth - night approach a toll booth , the lot shoot across nine lane of traffic and through the only open booth , shatter the gate . travel at about two hundred mile a hour , Kay nonchalantly flip a token out the window -- -- and it chink in the basket as they taillight disappear . CUT to : ext . world be fair - landing tower - night edgar climb the outside of the landing tower of one of the space ship , push laurel up ahead of he , head for the saucer at the top . laurel come on , let I go , you do not want to eat I . I be a very important person on my planet . like a queen . a goddess , even . there be that who worship I , yes . I be not try to impress you with this , I be just let you know . it could start a war . edgar good . War mean food for my family , all seventy - eight million of they . that 's a lot of mouth to feed , you highness . laurel you be a wonderful dad . and with that she kick he squarely in the face . he reel , momentarily lose he grip on she . she take advantage of the moment and fling herself out , into the air . Edgar flail , but she be beyond he reach . she fall , tumble through the air -- -- and land in the branch of a tree . she hit hard , the branch rattling , and reach out and hang on for dear life , high above the ground . above , Edgar just keep climb . ext . world be fair - night over at the fence , the lot come to a looooo , skid stop at the fairground . at the trunk , jay and kay flip open the trunk and scarf up whatever weapon look most dangerous . Kay grab a black box , unsnap a row of latch , and open it , revealing -- -- the most wick - look shotgun on the planet . Three foot long , triple - barrel , over and under and under , plus a pump action reloader on top of a storage clip for a dozen more shell . the shell themselves be solid , glisten like polished steel . Kay load up the clip . jay you know how to work that ? Kay pump it once , with extreme confidence . kay no idea whatsoever . he slam the trunk , revealing the fly saucer sit atop they column in the distance . kay ( cont 'd ) let 's bag we some bug . as if on cue , one of the saucer begin to hum . then it start to spin , faster and faster . the ship begin to rise . jay oh , shit . ext . world be fair - tree - night Laurel sit in she tree , watch with amazement . ext . shea stadium - night at Shea Stadium , a Met game be in progress . behind the home plate side , the fly saucer silently rise up in the night sky , plainly visible . but at that very moment , the batter crack into a fastball , hard . the crowd rise to its foot , shout , stare out at center field , where the ball be head . all eye in the house be on the Met ' CENTER fielder , except for he eye , which be on the fly saucer behind home plate . his eye widen , he jaw drop -- -- and the catchable ball sail over he head , thudding into the wall behind he . the crowd boos viciously . ext . world be fair - night Kay raise the weapon he take from the trunk ; look over at jay . kay set it to pulsar level five , sub-sonic implosion factor -- jay what ? kay Press the little green button , on three . jay raise he weapon ; they press they green button . kay ( cont 'd ) one ...two ... they pull they triggers . for a moment , nothing happen , as if it be a misfire . but then , there be a vacuum whump , like all the air in the immediate area be suck into a space the size of a dime , and a tremendous shock wave roll out from the barrel of the gun . jay and Kay be suck to the ground by the bizarre force , thudding to they stomach like magnet to a refrigerator . ext . world be fair - night the shock wave wrinkle across the open space between they and the ship , then it hit the ship -- -- and it too be suck back down . hurtling back toward they . ext . laurel be tree - night she flinch as the fly saucer shoot overhead . ext . world be fair - night the saucer crash through the unisphere , a enormous steel globe , and thud to the earth , crashing through brush , dirt and rock ... jay and Kay come to they foot ... in front of they , the dust clear ... tree uproote , stone and dirt throw everywhere ... a dumpster have be cast to they leave ... and the saucer be there , embed in the earth , tip off-kilter in a mound of debris ... a hatch come up ... revealing Edgar , walk slowly toward they , with contain fury . edgar you do not get it . I have win . it 's over . kay you be under arrest for violate number 4 - 1 - 53 of the tycho accord . please hand over any galaxy you might be carry . edgar you milk -sucker ! you do not matter ! in a few second you will not even be matter ! kay move away from the vehicle and put you hand on you head . he pump the gun for emphasis . edgar put my hand on my head ? Edgar stare at he . then flexe he arm , still encase in flesh . his giant pincer rip free of the rotting skin . he extend both pincer to the side , and , my God , he reach must be twelve foot across . now the skin and clothes on Edgar 's leg begin to crack and shreed . they burst apart , revealing two hideous , double - over insect leg . the bug raise himself aloft on he leg . he suck in a deep breath of air , and now the rest of the Edgar suit go the way of the arm and leg . the torso explode in great rendering of cloth and skin , and finally Edgar 's head simply burst apart , spatter against the wall . Edgar now reveal himself as he really be : a hairy , bug-like exoskeleton , a scaly tail with a long stinger , a head like a cobra with elliptical eye and a small nose , and two horse - like foot with three toe each . he raise he pincer in the air , rest they on he head . the galaxy hang on a chain around he neck . bug like this ? Kay and jay pump they gun and aim at the bug . suddenly the bug spit . and a huge , slimy wad of goo shoot from he and engulf both shotgun . the bug snort it back , tear they from jay and Kay 's grasp , then swallow they . jay and Kay have only a second to react before -- the bug swipe at they with the back of he claw hand , like someone brush aside a gnat -- and send they flying fifteen feet in the AIR . ext . laurel be tree - night she flinch as she see they hit the ground . she start to climb the tree . ext . world be fair - night jay and Kay hit the ground with loud grunt . jay that do not go at all like I have plan . they look up to see the bug move for the second tower -- and the second fly saucer . Kay get to he foot . kay this guy 's really start to bug I . Kay start walk after the bug . kay whatever happen , jay , do not let he get on that ship . jay where be you go ? kay get my gun back . jay what !? Kay step forward and yell at the depart bug. kay ( cont 'd ) hey , bug ! the bug just keep move toward the ladder . kay ( cont 'd ) I be talk to you , bug ! you know how many of you kind I have swat with a newspaper ? the bug turn toward Kay . Kay step up to he , the small human face off against the giant alien hug . ext . laurel be tree - night she quietly make it to the ground -- hurry off to the darkness of the wood . ext . world be fair - on kay and the bug - night Kay have himself in the bug 's face , its drip fang inch from Kay 's face . kay you be just a smear on the sport page to I , you slimy , gut - suck , intestinal parasite ! eat I ! the bug react -- crank open its massive jaw with a deafen hiss , lunge forward , and suck Kay into he mouth . the bug straighten up to its full height and throw he head back . Kay slide down the bug 's throat , bend it sideways as he kick and scream he way down into its abdomen . jay look on , in stunne horror ... as the bug turn to jay and stretch to its full height and let loose a hideous scream howl of triumph . ext . wood - night Laurel be still watch . ext . world be fair - on jay and the bug - night jay watch as the bug continue its howl of triumph ... he feel totally defeat . but ... he can hardly believe he eye as he look down at the bug 's stomach ... close on bug' stomach . through the leathery pouch of the bug 's stomach , we can just make out the distend outline of the two atomizer ... and just a few inch from it , a human hand be reach toward the gun ... kay ! int . bug - night Kay , swim in the bug 's intestinal fluid , try to make he way to the gun , holding he breath . eye sting . ext . world be fair - night jay know what he have to do . he pick up a good-size chunk of concrete dislodge by the crash saucer and hurl it at the bug . jay hey ! come over here and try that ! the concrete thunks off the bug 's shell -- he do not seem to notice ; just keep move . jay pick up a twisted metal pole and run at the bug . jay stop right there , or I will start wail on you waxy , point ass ! jay start pound on the bug with the metal pole . int . bug - night Kay almost have he finger around the stock of the gun -- the pounding on the outside distract he and he turn -- the gun shift away . ext . world be fair - night the bug grab the metal pole and yank it out of jay 's hand . he swing at jay -- jay dodge the blow and fall to the grass . the bug slice down with razor - sharp claw at jay -- -- jay roll out of the way , just as the mean-look claw dig into the grass . jay roll right underneath the bug 's leg . his hand fall on something in the grass -- another piece of debris , a sharp metal spike , gleam like a dagger . he grab the metal spike and look up at the bug 's apparently vulnerable underbelly , right above he . he grab the spike with both hand and be about to thrust the spike up , into the bug 's gut , when ; the bug bend its head down between its leg . bug' Pov of jay there , upside - down from this perspective , lurking between the bug 's leg . ext . world be fair - night the bug open its jaw and snap at jay -- who propel himself backward out of harm 's way . the bug start climb the tower . jay howl in frustration . jay what be you , afraid of I ? come on ! stand and fight like a arthropod ! in frustration , jay scream and throw himself on the bug , hang onto its back , try to drag it down . jay ( cont 'd ) you want a piece of this , huh ?! maybe you be a badass in you hive , but this be New York City . you be just another tourist here ! the bug flick he off with he tail -- send he sailing twenty foot through the air . jay crash into the dumpster , landing on a heap in front of the garbage . but , scratch and beat - up , jay still do not quit -- he stand to yell at the bug , extend he arm at the creature . jay you be mess with the wrong species , bug -- he notice something on he arm ... a cockroach run down he sleeve . he flick it off ... look down at the ground ... see another roach ... look over to the dumpster behind he ... there be more of they ... a whole mob , in fact ... fifty or sixty of the critter , climb out of a rusted hole in the dumpster ... jay have one last desperate idea ... he kick at the dumpster -- part of the side be rusted paper thin and it kick apart and crumble to piece . tens of thousand of roaches pour forth from the dumpster , crawl like a black glitter river , away from the garbage ... jay leap to he foot and move to the glisten mob of insect ... jay hey , bug ! close on jay' foot as he step on the roach . crunch . on the bug as he flinch on the ladder -- he hate that sound . on jay . he smile . jay ( cont 'd ) if I be not mistaken , that be a cousin of yours . he know he 's get to he . he step toward the bug -- move he foot over another roach . crunch ! he crush another one . jay ( cont 'd ) whoa ! that have to hurt . and , what d' you know , here 's you old uncle Bob ! he step forward again -- crunch ! on the bug . he turn around , anger burn in he eye . int . bug - night Kay 's hand reach closer and closer to the gun ... ext . world be fair - on jay - night jay keep move toward the bug , find new roach to tread on -- hold he foot over another one . jay what 's that ? can you hear what he 's say ? ' help I ! help I !' crunch . [ on ] the bug as he start climb down the tower and move toward jay . on jay . they be move toward each other in a show down -- jay move on , poise he foot over another roach . jay ooh ! there 's a pretty one . that one look kinda familiar , do not you think ? I know who that be ! the bug be right over jay now , jaw drip ready to gobble he up . bug do not do that ! jay stare right back at the bug. Inside , he see Kay 's hand , close around the trigger of the shotgun . he bring it around , point up , straight at the bug 's head . jay that 's you momma ! he move to crunch the roach -- the bug move to chomp jay -- jay stare up at he , unflinch ... jay ( cont 'd ) do not she ever teach you not to bite off more than you can chew ? and at that very moment ... Kay blast a hole right in the middle of the bug 's midsection . the front of the bug 's thorax explode in a shower of bug juice all over jay . the bug fly into two piece -- the butt end sailing one way ; the head fly behind jay . Kay fall out of the bug , in a mess of goo , gasp for breath , drop the atomizer from he slippery finger . the other gun sail off into the darkness . the icon drop to the ground , roll over to jay 's foot , and clatter to rest like a silver dollar on a barroom floor . he calmly bend down and pick it up . jay be piss and start in on Kay . jay you son of a -- Kay hold up a finger in a ' wait a minute ' gesture -- pull out he pocket phone and hit a number . kay Zed . get a message to the arquillian . we have the galaxy . int . mib headquarters - night Zed be stand at the console , a smile on he face . he glance over at the console that display alien arrival and departure on the earth . the red light be come back on . zed I think the word 's already out . we friend be come back . ( then ) get a authorize landing at Times Square . you and jay check it out on the way back ... and pick I up one of that soft pretzel , while you be at it . extra salt . I feel like celebrate . ext . world be fair - night Kay flip the phone close . kay you be say ? jay get eat !? that be you plan !? kay ( shrug ) worked . as they argue , behind they , unseen , the front half of the bug raise itself up on its forearm , eye gleam with hate , jaw drip -- ready to lower itself onto Kay and jay . jay after I get the shit beat out of I ! kay and I almost get digested . it go with the job . jay you coulda tell I what you be do . kay there be not time , sport ! hisss ! the bug attack , swinging its head down on they . they turn to see it , and just before the jaw snap down on they head ... boom ! the bug 's head explode into a million bit . bug juice shower down everywhere , bucketsful of goo drench Kay and jay even further . they turn to see ... laurel stand behind the dead bug , the other atomizer in she hand , the barrel smoking , the weapon and Laurel drip the bug innard . laurel interesting job you guy get . on the sky . bit of bug juice still fly through the air . int . a car on the adjoining freeway - night the driver see something tumble toward the windshield . he wince . -- and the bug' remains splat against the windshield . the driver grimace at the mess . driver damn bug . he reach down and hit a button . wiper fluid squirt onto the windshield and the wiper spread the bug goo everywhere . CUT to : ext . mib build - night Kay 's lot be park outside Men in Black headquarters . laurel lean she back against the car . we see jay and kay walk away in the distance . jay look , I know we get rule , but she do just bust the bug for we . and so maybe you do not have to flashy thing she . Kay pull out the neuralyzer . jay who 's she gonna tell , anyway ? she only hang out with dead people . kay not she . me. ( look up at the sky ) they be beautiful , be not they ? the star . I never just look anymore and they be beautiful . jay Kay , you be scare you partner . kay I have not be training a partner -- I have be training a replacement . jay oh no , I can not do this job by myself . laurel ( walk towards they ) hey , guy , we be nowhere near my apartment . we be not even on the right island . kay maybe you will not have to . Kay start dial back the neuralyzer . kay day . month . year . always face it forward . he hand the neuralyzer to jay . tap he pocket . indicate for he to put he glass on . jay resist . kay I have just be down the gullet of a interstellar cockroach . that 's one of a hundred memory I do not want . jay take the neuralyzer . slip on he glass . kay see you around , sport . jay raise the neuralyzer . with a brilliant flash , the screen turn white . jay no , you will not . CUT to : ext . newsstand - day close on various tabloid headline as a hand flick through they . here 's one : Met ' centerfielder say : " ufo made I miss home run ball ! " and here 's another one : detroit have car that defies gravity ! secret test in n.y. 's tunnel and a third : man awaken from 30 - year coma returns to girl he Left behind a large photograph show a smile kay , arm - in - arm with elizabeth reston , he long - lose fiancee , in she back yard in Tempe , Arizona . she hold a large bouquet of flower , the same kind he bring but never give she thirty year ago . jay , who 's read the paper , smile . at the curb , jay hurry back to the lot with the newspaper . elle , ( formerly Laurel ) , be wait , lean against the hood . tailore black suit . Black shoe . short -cropped hair . the look never look better . elle Zed call . the High Consulate of Regent - 9 emissary want floor seat to the knick -- bull game . jay I will talk to Dennis rodman , it 's he damn planet . elle let 's roll . both car door slam , jay drop it in gear , and the lot blast away from the curb . ext . new york CITY block - day the lot be just one of many car in a jam - pack Manhattan city block . from up in the cloud Manhattan itself be just part of a much larger urban and suburban sprawl . from the stratosphere the east coast of the United States be just part of a much larger land mass . from the eosphere North America be just a small portion of the planet Earth . from space Earth be just a tiny ball in we solar system . from the middle of the milky way we solar system be just a few blip of light in a vast star field . from outside our galaxy the milky Way be just a creamy spiral amid innumerable other creamy spiral . from the outer reach of the universe there seem to be a edge to what we see , a curve border that seem to close in on thing around the perimeter , until everything that exist seem to be contain in one tiny ball -- -- which be actually a marble rest on a strange - look patch of red dirt . a alien hand reach down and flick the marble , send it skitter and bounce across the dirt , where it click into a dozen other big blue ball just like it . fade out .