men in black 3 written by etan Cohen &amp ; lowell cunningham close on a pair of mirror aviator sunglass Standard issue throughout the south to abusive , racist prison guard . wide to reveal that , indeed , this glass be on the sneering face of just such a man . we follow the guard down a dingy prison hallway paint peel off the rusty bar . somewhere , someone be play harmonica . prisoner yell complaint as he pass . he meet they all with -- guard shut up , convict ! get yer hand off the bar ! the guard pass through several level of security door , deeper and deeper into the more secure bowel of the prison -- home of the scum of the scum . meanwhile ... prison visiting room the lazy - ass guard in charge of screen visitor read magazine , watch tv . footstep -- someone 's here . which piss they off , because that mean they actually have to do they job . the unseen visitor buzze for help . they take they time get off they ass . when they finally look up , they gaze become a leer . follow it to : devil girl , the visitor . too tall , too muscle , but hot if you be into that kind of thing -- a R. crumb draw come to life . she hold a cake -- the cutest , perfectly - frost pink cake right off the cover of the Betty crocker cookbook . guard 2 lookie here . yaz 's visitor . I guess even a turd get fly to land on it . guard 3 I , I like a big girl . 2 . they smirk , hope for a reaction . Devil girl emit a low , sinister growl like a angry doberman ... the guard look at each other and get down to business : guard 2 i.d. , visitation papers . back down the hallway with the guard he reach the end of the hallway . the biggest , most absurdly - reinforce double security door . he punch in a code . the giant door retract -- its immense weight have it squeaking and groan the whole way . whoever 's behind this thing must have do something real bad . with devil girl go through the metal detector , wave over with security wand . the guard be be thorough . maybe more thorough than they need to be . they check everything -- even the cake . the digital readout tell they no metal detected . guard 3 she 's clean . well , not clean , but you know . they laugh , buzz she through . with the guard the giant door finally open , he continue to the end of the hallway . stop in front of a cell . yell in : guard hey , yaz ! you get a visitor . let 's go , pretty boy . visiting room spare . just a table and chair in the middle -- pour concrete . nothing a convict could , say , smash into the face of a guard . the perimeter of the room be line with armed guard -- look like they be not take chance . 3. at the lone table -- Devil girl wait with she cake . she hear the door open -- she face light up as in step her beloved -- yaz , a evil hippie / biker badass right out of easy Rider . a huge mane of hair , a big handlebar moustache that frame a grubby unshaven face ... everything about he seem strangely independently alive -- every strand of hair , every fringe on he dirty jacket -- the way elvis be in he prime . he wear a distinctive skull pinkie ring . a smirk play on he mouth that say -- I be smarter than you , asshole . the guard escort yaz , who can barely walk in he chain and manacle . they dump he into one of the chair . Devil girl jump up , they lock in a kiss -- it go on too long . a guard poke they with he billy club -- guard 2 this be not a conjugal visit . quit yer conjugate . yaz when 's the last time you conjugate anything ? devil girl I bring you a cake . yaz thanks , darling . ( to guard ) hey could you cut this up for we ? it 's we anniversary . I be romantic like that . a guard pick up the cake . smirk and take a dirty three - finger scoop of frosting . guard 2 ( mouth full ) not great . she must . be good at something ' else . they all laugh . he go back for another scoop . yaz I would not do that . guard 2 why 's that , convict ? 4. guard Pov : where he scrape away the frosting , reveal a horrible alien mouth guard 2 ( cont 'd ) what th -- but in a flash , the mouth spring out -- it belong to a voracious alien -- another spring out behind it -- they consume the guard 's entire face . yaz that 's why . the alien jump into yaz 's hand like a match pair of grotesque organic sidearm -- as vicious and bloodthirsty as they master , snarling and hungry for blood . the guard draw they weapon , but yaz be faster .-- he launch he alien , take they all out . yaz " holster " the alien and ... the prison break be on !! one guard , badly wounded , crawl to SOUND the alarm in the reflection of a pair of blood - spatter aviator glass -- Devil girl put the guard down with he own weapon . she use one of the cake-alien like a see to get yaz out of he chain . yaz there 's nothing sexier than a girl kill for I . she run a hand over he bicep . devil girl you get so strong in prison . yaz notice the almost - dead guard : yaz I be not just a man of brute force , you know . I prefer to be know for my rapier wit -- his tongue shoot out of he mouth -- like a rapier -- impale the guard -- 5 . yaz ( cont 'd ) -- and tongue . the tongue retract -- he and Devil girl kiss . they collect weapon off the guard and use the alien to see open the door . yaz and devil girl escape prisoner go nut , guard scramble -- smoke , scream , chaos . yaz and Devil girl , armed with weapon they take off the dead guard , blast there way out . he 's a sociopathic badass ... and she 's no slouch either . along the way , yaz shoot the door off the armory and grab a armload of weapon -- shotgun , pistol , and a rocket - propel grenade ( rpg ) . he use and discard they as he go . they head for the front gate and freedom ... but .. they turn the corner and find 50 guard in full riot gear -- plexiglass shield , helmet , shotgun -- all aim at yaz . all yaz have leave be he rpg . guard on megaphone give it up , yaz ! there 's no way out ! a beat of stand - off -- yaz and Devil girl face off against the 50 Guards ... no one blink ... prisoner . watch ... what 's gonna go down ? guard you can not win . you have only get one shot in there ! yaz let the tension linger -- he seem to enjoy it . the guard swelter in they heavy riot gear . yaz you look hot . mind if I open a window ? 6 . the guard share a look - huh ?? yaz grin , turn he rpg towards the wall behind the guard . the guard ' face go wide with terror . guard hey ! whoa ! what be you do ? do not do that ! slam ! yaz blast a hole in the wall -- the guard be immediately sucked out like from a hole blow in a airplane . what the ...? yaz step through the hole . on yaz as he and Devil girl step through the hole , take a deep , satisfied breath of freedom . reveal we be on ... the surface of the moon the signage on the prison read intergalactic department of correction , lunar division yaz look up at the blue marble of earth , smile . as yaz fix he gaze on we planet , he hair , he fringe independently articulate yaz' malevolent emotion ... they also seem draw here . like bee , they express a collective intelligence . yaz I be come for you ... follow yaz 's gaze to the Earth , we launch into ... credit mib credit fly we through the galaxy . ending on a particularly inhospitable looking planet as it revolve , we observe its strange crater and surface , where steaming fissure belch geyser of noxious gas ... 7 kay' voice ( v.0 . ) when you really think about it , the universe be a pretty awful place . full of danger , brutality , and ten million kind of scum . so the trick be to find one or two thing that make life in this cesspool worth live . and reveal we be actually look at ... peking duck rotating on a spit . jay and kay watch this awful duck rotate . jay that ? that nasty , greasy thing make you life worth live ? there 's people eat here , young than that duck . kay I be talk about the noodle . best noodle in town . and we be in int . chinese restaurant - chinatown , NYC - night tank everywhere fill with strange fish . a eclectic NY crowd eat -- Wall Street guy , hipster , a chinese family or two , a couple of nyu professor type who love the " authenticity " of this place . kay flash a badge to the owner , chinese . kay good evening , Mr. wu. mr . wu ( heavily accented , barely intelligible ) Kay , jay ... so happy see you ... Mr. Wu get you regular table ... kay not so fast , Wu . we would like to take a look in the tank . 8 mr . wu yes , you see , very fresh . jay the tank in the back , wu. mr . wu oh ... so sorry ... please no English , you come back later ... jay hey , save the chop socky bullshit for the local , Wu . we need to see the kitchen . mr . wu ( perfect english ) why be you busting my ball , jay ? kay ( o.s. ) jay , take a look at this . Wu protest , jay blow by he . the kitchen kay so this be what you be pass off as tuna ? reveal a giant tank hold a huge alien fish . jay wow , I do not think there be anything uglier than a catfish . jay tap on the glass -- the fish snarl , make jay jump . kay Ugly and a clear violation of Health ordinance 32 , sell unlicensed extraterrestrial foodstuff . mr . wu that 's a earth fish . very traditional from China . you arrest I , that 's hate crime . they turn they stare on he . 9 . kay I guess it would be . ( grab Wu 's apron ) if you be chinese ! reveal -- from the waist down , Wu have the body of a slug . mr . wu c'mon , I get larvae to feed . and earth fish be so expensive . this be the only way I could stay afloat . jay look , wu. you can serve it to you ... out of town guest , but local get earth fish . real earth fish . the kind that do not jump out of they stomach and get everyone ask a lot of annoying question . like , " why be my lunch eat daddy ? " you get it ? ( back to the fish ) damn , that 's ugly . mr . wu yeah , yeah , thanks guy . kay be not you forget something ? int . chinese restaurant - continuous Wu walk they to a table , seat they . mr . wu ( for benefit of customer ) allow I most honorable benefit of get you noodle . ( for guy ) be right back , guy . Wu walk off . jay clock the other diner . jay something about this strike you as weird ? kay yeah , look -- clean fork . 10 . jay look at table two over there . they have not order a thing . when 's the last time Wu let someone sit at a table without order ? and table five over there just drank he third cup of duck sauce . now Kay 's radar be up -- kay come to think of it ... why be Wu get we noodle ... outside ? jay because it 's about to go down . Wu , at the door , close the blind . he catch they look . mr . wu sorry , guy . Wu leave , quickly pull the door behind , he . the guy reach for they weapon . and it goe down -- it 's a set - up , and everyone in the restaurant be in on it -- the hipster , the family , the wall street guy -- all draw various form of alien weapon and attack it 's like a close - quarter mafia hit -- everyone pump truckload of ordnance at each other . Close hand - to-hand combat . someone want jay and Kay dead and they be not take any chance . right ahead of the onslaught , jay give kay a hand signal -- he nod , and they dive in opposite direction , saving themselves from getting hit . but not for long ... a explosive land between they -- Kay get blown out the front window , roll to a stop in the middle of the deserted STREET silhouett at the top of the block -- a biker on a motorcycle . as he pull into the light -- yazi 11 . Kay 's eye go wide with recognition . yaz grin a murderous grin ... yaz some thing be worth wait for . kay then come get it , you worthless piece of -- yaz gun the engine and bear down on kay . inside with jay get the worst of it . a messy battle through the kitchen . the giant fish 's tank get shot -- the fish be free ! and he go right after jay ! jay you probably take that whole catfish thing the wrong way -- the fish snarl after he -- lunge and bite ! jay ( cont 'd ) I be jealous , you know ? because you be so pretty ! jay battle the fish -- throw pot and pan in its mouth , squirting hot sauce -- work like a lion tamer to keep it at BAY -- jay ( cont 'd ) Kay ! kay !!! Little help ! Little help ! outside with kay yaz get closer . he pull out a cannon of a gun , fire into the air . yaz this time you do not have you friend to tell you what happen next . kay oh , I know what happen next . 12. Kay draw he equally badass - looking weapon -- kay ( cont 'd ) I have be wait forty year for another shot at you , scum . Kay take aim and ... click ! empty . gun ( v.0 . ) you weapon be empty ! please recharge ! kay damn ! gun ( v.0 . ) sorry you be have trouble ! if you survive this encounter , please call customer service at -- Kay throw the gun at yaz . yaz laugh . get Kay in he sight . yaz all I want be justice , Kay . justice for my brother . but you have to meddle , do not you ? kay they deserve what they get . yaz why do not you say that to they face when you see they ... put the barrel in Kay 's face and boom !!! yaz go up in a giant explosion !! reveal jay , just fire the shot . jay look like total hell , beat up , cover with 8 kind of slime and alien gut . he stumble over to Kay , who in contrast look perfectly press . jay so I be think about make a chart for each time I save you ass . and when I do it ten time , you buy I lunch . 13. Kay let out a long , weary sigh . kay will you settle for a drink ? int . destroyed chinese restaurant Kay reach behind the counter for a couple of beer . jay be on he phone . jay ( into phone ) we be gonna need a cleanup on the corner of Canal and mott . and bring a net . biggest one you have get . follow jay 's gaze -- the giant fish flop its way down Canal . jay and Kay back in they booth , jay grab a couple noodle off another table and start eat . through the scene , various mib clean - up crew people work the crime scene . jay ( cont 'd ) ( mouth full ) why be not you eat ? ( get nothing ) so what the hell be that guy ? Kay 's quiet . ominously quiet . weigh he word : kay yaz . put he away a long time ago . biggest mistake I ever make . jay why ? be he the wrong guy ? kay no. should have kill he . jay yeah , well , do not worry , I think I take care of he . kay that be too easy . jay I make it look easy . that 's the problem with be my partner . ( more ) 14 . jay ( contd ) you get use to my game . it 's what Dr. phil would call take for grant . kay you do not get it , hoss . this guy be different . worse than anyone . he try to blow up the Earth but I stop he . he develop a dislike for I and for certain behavior of mine , such as be alive . jay c'mon , you know better {than anyone . what do a mib agent call it when 12 alien species try to kill he ? Tuesday . jay laugh at he own joke . Kay just stare . kay maybe . ( call off to cleanup guy ) make sure you get all of he , I mean it ! he 's a assembler ! cleanup guy yes , sir , agent Kay . jay seriously , man , that noodle ' will kill you before he do . I get you back . kay I know you do . stare at he noodle a while , like there 's answer in there : kay ( cont 'd ) I use to play a game with my daddy . what would you want for you last meal . could do worse than this . jay oh , yeah ? I use to play a game with my dad , too . call catch . I would throw the ball , and then it would hit the house `cause he wasn ' T there . 15 . kay do I a favor , do not badmouth you old man . jay hard to badmouth someone you do not know . ( check himself ) alright , forget it . the past be the past . and right now we have something much more important to talk about . bowl night . kay I be tired . jay tire ? what -- you afraid I be gonna take that MVP trophy away from you ? kay petrify . see you later . Kay take a few tired step and turn back -- kay ( cont 'd ) and slick ? watch yourself . a guy like yaz can come after you when you least expect it . anywhere , anytime . jay watch Kay walk away . look like he 's carry a heavy load . turn he attention to the clean up crew : kay ( cont 'd ) what part of clean up everything do not you understand ? there 's a spleen on that car ! cleanup guy on it , sir . dark alley a glow of a cigarette illuminate the face of ... Devil girl ! she reach down . we see -- a finger with the distinctive Skull , inching its way along the road . devil girl you okay , baby ? momma 's get you . now . 16 . mib hq - later that night jay at he desk -- papers and folder everywhere -- searching for something . we see what he 's look through -- kay' old case file . jay yaz ... yaz ... yaz ... where be you , yaz ...? and he find it ! jay ( cont 'd ) here we go ... jay open the yaz incident report inside : - picture of yaz - a type-written report tell we yaz apprehended by agent kay ... JULY 16 , 1969 - farther down on the page , a casualty report : one casualty ... human dead at the scene ... zed ( o.s. ) ready to bring the pain ? reveal Zed in he ridiculous bowl outfit . bowling alley - later that night a sign say : close for league night we follow a couple normal - look bowlers into int . bowling alley safely inside , the bowler remove they head -- which become they bowl ball . it 's the league championship game -- alien versus . mib agent mib agent and alien say hi , exchange trash - talk . we see shot of game in progress : a alien roll a ball -- when it get to the end of the lane , it stick out arm , take down all the pin . 17 . the alien cheer , slap tentacles , clink beer and swallow they whole . a many - armed alien re-set the pin . a giant alien with perfect dainty form approach the foul line ... and -- gutter ball ! he get mad and shoot the pin with he laser - eye . we end up with jay and the mib team , not bowling because they 're waiting for kay -- Zed pace , wear way too much bowl regalia . zed where 's Kay ? we either roll or forfeit -- and I do not put this on to forfeit ! jay alright , bowl robot , do what we build you for . reveal a incredibly high - tech robot wear one of that white trash t-shirt that read " 10 reason why bowl be better than woman . " robot ( robot voice ) this be my time to shine . robot fire a ball directly down into the floor . a awkward beat as we hear the ball puncture four floor . then a car alarm . robot ( cont 'd ) there go my perfect game . ( robot laugh ) ha ha ha . jay guess it 's on I . jay roll -- perfect spin -- jay watch , willing it towards the pin -- which scramble out of the way ! but jay 's roll be too good -- it spin from flee pin to flee pin -- a strike ! jay and he teammate triumphant ! the frame of a lifetime ! jay look around -- jay ( cont 'd ) of course -- the one time Kay be not here ... 18. mib hq - tunnel vent room jay enter -- look a little worse for wear , like somebody who do some celebrate last night . we see why -- when he hoist he giant , ridiculous mib bowling trophy . jay check it out -- the trophy raise a triumphant fist -- we realize it be in fact a alien . trophy we be number one ! in you face ! suck it ! jay look who 's league MVP . guard Big surprise , you win every year . that 's weird ... jay I ... huh ? mib hq - headquarters jay , in a good mood , flaunt he trophy to everyone in the office . the trophy continue its stream of obnoxious trash talk . jay where be you , Kay ? I think you want to see this . it 's the bowl MVP trophy with my name on it . jay work he way to he desk . Kay 's already at he own adjacent desk -- bent over he work , he back to jay . jay ( cont 'd ) maybe you want to think twice next time you ditch I . Kay , absorb in work , do not answer . jay ( cont 'd ) Kay ? 19 . kay ( o.s. ) ( back still to camera ) yeah ? jay yeah , I just want to show you this so I could say -- ( seeing he ) who the hell be you ??? reveal -- clint eastwood I be agent Kay . jay you new around here ? " kay " ( laugh ) good one , partner . jay yeah , okay , but I need the other Kay . you know , craggy old white guy ... well , different craggy old white guy . I get you something . he hand over a " World 's best partner " mug -- " kay " ( cont 'd ) have I tell you today how much I appreciate work together ? jay what the hell be go on here ? why be you pretend to be Kay ? " kay fr you seem upset . let 's go get some coffee and talk about we feeling . jay how about instead , you go find I this guy ? jay open the yaz file and pull out a picture of kay . but now , splash across Kay 's photo , the word : kill in action -- JULY 16 , 1969 20 . jay stare at the photo --- in it , we notice Kay be now wearing a strange medallion jay ( cont 'd ) kill ? in 1969 ? jay grab the yaz file -- the one he look through last night -- but now everything be different . we see -- the incident report state one casualty - agent kay , dead at scene ... jay can not believe it , he keep read ... snatch of the typewritten incident report the casualty report one casualty ... agent kay , dead at scene ... a photo of Kay wearing a strange medallion . jay stare , strike by this -- jay ( cont 'd ) Kay 's dead ? how ? why ? the Men in Black Computer / Big board sound the alarm ! computer ( v.0 . ) attention . inbound missile enter solar system ! inbound missile enter solar system ! Zed enter , chuckle at the warning : zed well , must be a Tuesday . okay , computer [ twin ] . give I a trajectory and a eta on that puppy . computer ( v.0 . ) running impact simulator ... everyone watch as we see a animated simulation : the missile smash into earth ... computer ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) catastrophic Earth impact imminent . 21 . zed damn . welp , look like we be all do for . sorry , kid , it 's be a good ride . a general freak -out ensues jay remain calm : jay whoa , what 's everyone freaking out about ? we have one of this last week . " Kay " hide under a desk , weep . " kay " we be all gonna die ! jay wait - what be everyone 's problem ? what about that pan-galactic missile shield thing ? zed sure , great idea , if we have one . computer ( v.0 . ) now run pan-galactic shield simulation . we see the missile be shot down . computer ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) conclusion : 6.72 billion life save . with shield ... ( show Earth save ) without shield ... ( show Earth destroy ) sorry to say I tell you so . zed I want to build one year ago , but Kay talk I out of it . jay Kay talk you out of it ? Kay would not do that . he 's the most distrustful person in the galaxy . he personally set up that system to defend we planet from the scum of the universe . 22. " kayâ '' '' I think we do not have any enemy anymore . a stranger 's just a friend you have not meet . jay yeah , that 's work out great . look , I do not know what 's fry everyone 's brain , but I remember the missile shield --- Kay -- the real Kay -- love that thing . he would not shut up about it . I mean , that thing be all Kay . ( realizing ) but Kay 's dead . he 's be dead for year . but I know he yesterday . jay look at the yaz file . gear turn . he grab a picture of yaz -- jay ( cont 'd ) where the hell do he.get a iphone in 1969 ? extreme close up on picture -- peek out of yaz 's jacket -- a iphone . something click -- jay ( cont 'd ) ( remembering ) Kay say yaz can get you anywhere , anytime . any time . so yaz kill Kay in 1969 and now there 's no missile shield . jay realize something and run off okay " I love you , jay ! jay you be definitely not Kay ! jay run through mib he run by people deal with the world come to a end : computer ( v.0 . ) nine minute to impact . I always love you , microwave ... 23. on the microwave -- it beep plaintively . jay run off with purpose ... street of NYC July in the city . a perfect summer day . kid eat ice cream . Old lady head to matinee . the street of New York team with humanity , blissfully unaware that they be about to die . in other word , a Tuesday . jay run through time Square , where guy sell stuff on blanket . desperately look for someone ... among the seller , a suspicious - look guy wear a strange mixture of anachronistic clothing -- tri-cornere hat . as soon as he see jay , he eye go wide and he flee . jay grab something off the blanket and smack he -- lay he out . jay where you go in such a hurry , obadiah ? the past ? obadiah what be you talk about ? he throw he arm up , revealing a pocket watch and a telescope . jay I know you have be time - travel . obadiah no way , man . I have just be here , totally legit , here in New Amsterdam . I mean -- manahatta ... n I be legit . jay yeah ? what 's this ? reveal the thing he just hit he with -- a ship 's bell with s.s. titanic on it . obadiah I swear , I be out of that . that 's my grandmother 's . 24 . jay what else you get here ? obadiah nothing , nothing man . jay oh , yeah ? off a dodo in a cage . jay ( cont 'd ) be that a dodo bird ? obadiah family pet . jay I think he would be happier free . jay frees the bird -- it run , squawk ... obadiah oh , come on , man ! jay interesting . jay pick up spider - man 8 off the blanket . feature chubby , bald 50 - year - old tobey Maguire . obadiah that 's pirate , man . that be not nothing . jay rip open he jacket -- jay and this ? reveal a copy of the declaration of Independence .. obadiah okay , okay , maybe I have be time travel a little -- just for personal use , man , just enough to get by -- jay listen -- I will look the other way if you tell I who 's sell time travel this day . I just want you supplier . 25 . obadiah no way , man . you do not mess with that guy . he will kill you , I , and then he will go after we family ! jay do not worry , he will not have time . obadiah what do you mean ? jay force the guy to look up -- we see the missile . jay that hit the sun in 8 minute . you want to live out that minute ? or you want I to take you out of you misery ? jay pick up a ancient weapon -- crossbow , blunderbuss -- off the blanket and put it to the criminal 's head . obadiah okay , okay , but do not say I do not warn you , man . you just sign you own death warrant . jay I just want a name . obadiah Fine , but it 's the last one you ' will ever hear . CUT to : close on the most non - threatening face ever think Michael cera at he most geeky . cera hi , I be trevor ! reveal -- we be in apple store and trevor be a " Apple genius " trevor do you have a appointment ? 26 . jay no --- trevor ( chipper ) well , if you do not have a appointment , you will have to come back tomorrow . jay yeah , well , the thing about tomorrow be , we will all be busy be dead . trevor Excuse I ? jay help I , or the world be gonna end . trevor everyone think they computer problem be the world come to a end . jay right . take a look at this . jay direct cera 's sightline to the sky -- trevor ahhh ! what be that ? jay that , be we be all dead in ... Seven minute unless --- trevor unless what ?? jay you start share the illegal time travel tech you have be slinging . nerd Excuse I , can you tell I which one of this battery be better ? the 10 - hour or the 12 -- jay you only need seven minute , get the cheap one . he grab trevor - 27 . jay ( cont 'd ) where be it ?? trevor okay , okay , I will show you . but this be incredibly powerful technology , so it must remain absolutely secret . follow I . trevor leave he post --- jay follow : trevor ( cont 'd ) absolutely secret , do you understand ? jay yes , but we be run out of time -- affluent westside mom hey ! Excuse I ! trevor with you in a second , mar 'am . affluent westside mom it will only take a minute . you see , my nanny 's phone number get erase from my favorite and I have to ask she what my daughter want for she birthday . jay take the phone . jay oh , I see the problem . he chuck the phone across the store , where it smashes to piece . she leave in a huff . trevor I have always want to do that . okay , so here 's what you do ... trevor pull jay in , ready to lay this top secret information on he ... trevor ( cont 'd ) okay , so go to the clock app . and shake it . jay that 's it ? jay do it . 28 . on the phone -- time TRAVEL beta trevor now you just type in the year you want to travel to ... on the phone -- it 's " augment reality " -- the image through the phone be the image of the target time period . jay okay , thanks . trevor now listen . this be highly crucial : time travel be nothing to mess with . you can not change anything , you can not use new technology or all of space - time can just -- kablooey ! jay ( off missile ) yeah , well , be it ok if I change that ? trevor yeah . right . yeah , that 's cool . jay be about to " enter " time travel ... trevor ( cont 'd ) wait -- hold on a second . if you go -- I be just gonna stay ... and be dead ? jay do not worry , I will fix it . you will only be dead for a little while . jay dissolves into a time TRAVEL effect ... cera be leave alone . the missile get ever closer ... trevor open a " Voice recorder " app : trevor ( into phone ) trevor 's last word . dear posterity ... should anyone find this , let history remember that trevor be a man of noble bear , quiet dignity -- ( impact ! ) oh fuuuuuu ----- 29 . and the world be vapor . everything goe white ... white pure white . jay come to , groggy , like he have the worst hangover of all time , brain bigger than he skull , try to make he eye focus . try to make sense of he strange blind white environment -- be this the afterlife ? the reverie disrupt by a toilet flush the white resolve into int . bathroom jay realize he 's in a man 's room , sit in a urinal . the music transition : whatever hip -hop feature a 60 sample be play in the Apple store -- now continue as the 60 song itself , play over a tinny portable radio . he hop up just as a young white office worker come out of one of the stall , wash he hand ... and flip jay a quarter . jay stare at it a beat , confuse . misread he confusion , the office worker awkwardly dig out another quarter . office worker what the heck , you be do a great job . the kid leave . jay venture out of the bathroom and find himself in ... int . high 60's office White guy on IBM selectric typewriter as far as the eye can see -- like the office in the apartment . jay stop in he track , take in the 1969 - ness of it all . a officious guy , annoyed , run up -- 30 . officious guy you be late ! where 's Mr. watkin ' lunch ? jay oh -- officious guy do he girl not put in the order ? the officious guy glare at the " girl " -- in she 60 . officious guy ( cont 'd ) ( shove a bill in jay 's hand ) run down to woolworth 's -- two hamburger sandwich , fries , egg cream , and a pack of lucky . if you be back in half a hour , you can keep the change . jay look at the single dollar bill . officious guy ( cont 'd ) on the double , ok ? jay yeah . jay 's move to the elevator , wait for it . pocket the profit of the racist misunderstandings . Elevator open , the elevator operator open the door -- jay climb in with a car full of older executive . jay shake he head , just take this all in . jay ( cont 'd ) wow. 1969 . you be all dead now . just as the elevator 's about to close , a leggy blonde toss he a set of key . blonde the Big man want he caddy . chop - chop . the door close . 31 . ext . parking lot next door jay 's get the key . he look at the parking tag , walk down a row of beautiful classic car , look for the right car -- stop and smile . the big man' caddy - jay drive reveal jay cruise in the most gorgeous 1964 coupe deville convertible . fin , chrome , a thing of beauty . from the seat next to he -- a fedora . he put it on , complete the look . in the background we notice the leggy blond get yell at by the guy who must be " the Big man " jay honk and wave -- thank you ! jay find some classic 60 music and enjoy himself for a minute -- a sweet ride through 60 New York . a great 1969 hit -- the temptation ' " can not get next to you " come on the radio . jay be sweep up in the music and soon be singing along at full blast . at a light , he pull even with a older Brooklyn italian couple . they give he a disapprove look . the woman clutches she pearl just a little more protectively . he smile and lean towards they . jay guess what ? Black president ! he laugh and drive off . pull up at ... ext . mib hq entrance / ventilation build the secret entrance to mib hq , familiar from the first movie . jay stride up to the entrance and ... can not open the door . Bangs on the door -- nothing . shake the knob , call to the guard ... nothing . from behind he : voice ( o.s. ) help you ? look a little lose . jay yeah , thanks , listen -- 32 . jay turn and be face - to- face with two grin staten Island cop . he instantly realize what 's about to go down . jay ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) yeah , guess I know this be not gonna be just people hand I money and cadillac . cop 1 ' scuse I ? jay nothing , officer . I will be on my way . cop 2 that 's a awful nice car . jay thanks . cop 1 kind of work you do , individual of you particular ... ethnic persuasion ... to buy a car like that ? cop 2 would not be anything illegal , would it ? cop 1 you a athlete or something ? jay yeah , I be the North american champion of kiss my ass . the cop lose he smile , turn to he partner : cop 1 that sound like resisting arrest to you ? cop 2 sure do . they grab he , start to frisk he -- cop 2 ( cont 'd ) well , well . Boy , you be gonna have a little problem explain this . 33. the cop hold up jay 's high - tech gun -- the noisy cricket and he neuralizer . a black crown VIC screech up between the cop and jay . out step kay -- but 40 + year young . kay ( flash a badge ) I will take it from here . cop who the hell be you ? kay agent Kay , division 2 , special ... ( give jay a look ) . black op . thank you for you cooperation , if I could ask you to look here for a moment -- Kay pull out what look like a neuralizer -- and swiftly beat each one over the head -- it 's just a blackjack -- they crumple . jay Kay ? Kay , be that you ? oh , man it 's good to see you , buddy ! jay hug Kay -- who remain stony - face . jay get a little choke up to see he friend alive -- Kay be a rock . jay ( cont 'd ) look at you , all ... sort - of - young ... Kay ! kay that 's get to be the first time a unregister alien catch sneaking onto Earth be happy to see I . jay pull away , realize -- jay oh ! you think -- aw , that 's funny . no , it 's not like that . you see , I be you partner . kay if I have a partner I would know it . jay there 's a simple explanation for that . 34 . kay I be all ear . jay you see I be you partner ... ( know he 's about to sound crazy ) in the future . and I come back to save you . a longdry stare . kay well , thank you very much . jay - hey , no problem , man . I get you -- kay yeah , think I would hear they all . usually , they offer a great gift to the people of Earth in exchange for refuge . time -travelling partner from the future -- that 's some extra-credit right there , and I do appreciate you bring some much - need variety to what can be a very dull job . but I be still gonna have to bring you in . jay yeah , ok , I know it sound a little - kay it sound a lot -- jay that 's why I be go to prove it to you ... because if I be not from the future , would I know about -- you little top-secret headquarters right here ?? he try to force the door open . nothing . jay ( cont 'd ) I say -- here ? ( try - nothing ) here ??!? jay finally kick the door open -- and inside ... we see ... 35 . a abandon building , fill with spider , etc . jay ( cont 'd ) right . not here yet . but it will be . gonna need to get rid of the raccoon and bat and stuff , but ... it will be real nice . game room over there for you pinball , you love you pinball . lotta good time there -- I be go for a extra ball , jay ! you would say . and I would be there . with you . partner . Long stare from Kay . kay let 's go . and word of advice -= I do not know what it 's like on you planet , but around here , a guy with you ... complexion in a car like that be gonna get some attention he do not want . ext . new jersey state parkway we hear the way-too- loud death - rattle exhaust note of what sound like ten harley at once . reveal -- yaz , the nightmare biker , look like Dennis Hopper meet Satan , riding a badass custom skull - theme rig that might have drop out of the brain of stanley mouse . his skull ring gleam on he pinkie . Devil girl sit behind he , hand on he shoulder . we ride with they a beat , tear down the highway ... they stop at a light -- even with a brightly - paint microbus full of hippie . one of the hippie lean out -- hippie hey , you guy like to party ? Care to make a trade for the mama ? yaz pull out he alien " gun . " the stone hippie smile serenely and put a flower in one of the mouth . make a peace sign . hippie ( cont 'd ) make love , not war . 36 . yaz " fire " the alien -- it launch into the microbus -- follow by its brother . the microbus rock , hippie scream , the bus dent from the inside - out . on a bumper sticker : if this Van 's a-rockin ' , do not come a knockin' . the gun , finish , return to yaz . yaz survey the carnage , pick up a medallion off one of the hippie . but look at it more closely , frown and throw it away . the head back on they way ... blood drip over the ass , Gas or grass bumper sticker ... we dissolve from the blood to a deep red strawberry sundae . wide to reveal we be in ... int . horn and hardart be a great NYC automat ... the kind of place you go when you like to be alone . loner and weirdo populate the table , mind they own business . immigrant read foreign papers . jay follow Kay as they walk by the glorious deco machine offer pie ... pastry .. , beverage ... jay be this you favorite place ? make . sense . Zero human interaction . Kay ignore he . jay ( cont 'd ) so how old be you ? kay twenty -six . jay really ? wow , you get some city mile on you . jay laugh . Kay ignore he , stop in front of a machine offer " special " . jay grab a paper off a nearby table : we see headline about Nixon , Vietnam , the Apollo Launch . 37 . jay look at the date : July 14 , 1969 . jay ( cont 'd ) the fourteenth . then we have two day . Kay really take he time , pick out the right sandwich . jay ( cont 'd ) hey , look , I know you lunch be important , but like I say , we only have two day here . kay here we go ... Kay put some money in the machine -- be about to make he selection . jay react to it -- gross ! we see -- the most unappeal ham sandwich ever . the meat be tinged with green and beginning to get a little fuzzy . no one in they right mind would buy this sandwich . jay no way , man . I be not let you eat that . I do not come all the way here to have you die before I can tell you -- Kay reach for the button . jay slap he hand away . a beat of undignify hand - slap-fighting -- jay ( cont 'd ) no way , man . no way the world end because you have to eat that thing -- Kay succeed in hitting the button and fwoooooopi a secret door instantly spin they around and jay and Kay be int . mib 1969 hq a cloud of smoke ... it clear and reveal mid-century futurism with a martini lunch office vibe . it 's how Isaac asimov and Ray bradbury would have imagine the mib office . 38 . the cloud of smoke come from everyone smoking . alien run around with ashtray , cocktail shaker and cigarettes . the alien smoker smoke from surprising orifice . the !lib agent have the feel of ivy league privilege . very male and very white . woman be there to be secretary and eye candy . two many - armed alien stock the automat . Kay toss one the sandwich , it go right back into the automat . jay recognize the alien -- it 's the twin ! jay hey ! [ long alien name ] and Bob ! do not worry , you guy get a big promotion in , like , 20 year . Kay take jay down a escalator . Quick atmospheric establish shot of mib ' 69 : - a wall of Black and White tvs monitoring the alien of the time : castro ... Yoko ... hendrix ... - a cluster of agent use a joystick to manipulate a very high - tech camera . reveal they be use it to watch a secretary 's ass . she get wise , turn -- they raise they martinis and she giggle at they : you be incorrigible ! - alien work switchboard , work in the steno pool . - someone bark at a alien to grab a couple mooner and go clean something up . - a mib barbershop quartet practice . mib quartet ( singing ) the man in blaaaaaaack ... jay can not help laugh -- jay what planet be they from ? kay the hampton . let 's go somewhere we can talk . jay finally . 39 . int . holding room typical interrogation room table in the middle . Kay pull out a giant form -- it look like 10 tax return stack together . he fit sheet of carbon between the page . jay oh , we be gonna do the form now . listen , Kay , I know you be gonna do what you be gonna do , but we be burn time here . when I get here , you have 48 hour . now you have get 46 . kay name , planet of origin and galactic id number -- jay my name be agent jay , you give it to I . kay ( writing ) " subject uncooperative . " purpose of visit ? jay to save the Earth . Kay look at the form , there 's a number of option to check : " create a new race ... steal Earth woman ... offer life of eternal youth ... vacation ... save the Earth . " he check the box . kay save the Earth ... congratulation , you be the third one today ... maybe you will get a balloon . jay Fine , do not believe I . but just listen to what I have to say , because it 's go to save you life and the life of everyone in this galaxy . it hang in the air ... kay be you currently pregnant or prepare to spawn ? 40 . jay there 's a killer out there . go by " yaz . " he 's come for you . you tell I you one regret be not kill he when you have the chance . kay never hear of any yaz . jay you will . here 's what to look for . Long hair , leather , look kind of like a biker . you will know he from the skull ring on he pinky . he 's try to blow up the Earth and you get in he way somehow so he kill you . this Friday . in Florida . so , if you want to live -- do not go to Florida . kay Florida ? I hate Florida . I hate everything South of Virginia . if that 's what you come to tell I , you be waste you time . jay man , you be as stubborn as you always be . I mean -- always will be . look , it 's not just about you . because he kill you , you do not live long enough to build the defense shield . and without a defense shield , the Earth get destroy . you get it ? he kill you , the Earth get destroy . I have to save you from he so we can save the planet . Kay stop write . kay huh . well . this be finally start to make sense . jay look hopeful . kay ( cont 'd ) because you be crazy . paranoia . delusion of self - importance -- a booming voice interrupt -- 41 . booming voice agent Kay ! door bang OPEN -- in walk the boss man ... and it sure be not zed . agent ex , flanke by junior agent underling . ex be a well - tan waspy jackass with a room - temperature iq who probably get this job from he daddy 's country club connection . he 's good at tennis and not thrilled about this whole " civil rights " fad . Kay stand . kay hey , chief . ex Heard you get a mooner in here . do not take all day . we be not here to babysit they , just figure out where he 's from and send he back . kay actually , still try to sort it out . he say he 's human . ex fortunately , we have the technology here to test for that . ex step up close to jay . look he over . then swiftly punch he in the stomach . ex ( cont 'd ) gag reflex . cough . eye water . human . code 43 he . kay get it , chief . through mib Kay walk jay . jay so what 's code 43 ? they pass through a set of double door . tilt up to reveal : room 43 42 . on jay and kay jay react to whatever he 's look at . jay what the -- kay this little baby here be call a neuralizer . reveal -- the 1969 neuralizer fill a entire room . and we be int . room 43 -- neuralizer room it 's manned by 60 labcoat technician with sliderule and punchcard . the neuralizer itself be a piece of 60 - tech - glory -- magnet , tube , thing that look like they belong in Dr. frankenstein 's lab . jay whoa , whoa , what ? you be gonna neuralize I ? you can not neuralize I . have not you be listen ? two alien orderlies grab jay . kay have a lay down , stretch . the orderly force jay on a sort of gurney -- in the ' 69 neuralizer , the " patient " be feed through the machine , like for a mri . jay you erase what 's in here , you erase the whole world . kay do not worry . when it 's over , you will forget all about this yaz and Florida and the end of the world . I think it will be good for you . calm you down . jay I do not need to calm down . 43. kay do not worry , it 's safe . we even test it on one of we own man . Kay indicate q , who wander around like he 's be lobotomize . kay ( cont 'd ) hey , agent q! q wave back : q hey , agent q! kay no , you're -- forget it . ( back to jay ) we be still .. , fine-tuning it . okay , strap he down . two big - ass alien orderlies force jay down . a tech flip the machine on -- tube power up with huge noise and fanfare . jay struggle as he get closer and closer to the machine . jay manage to slide he key fob out of he ' pocket -- use the edge to flip open the clamp on the strap -- and he be free tech how the hell -- Kay smile -- not bad , kid . the orderly rush he -- jay knock they out . the scientist be fraidy - cat -- they hide . it 's down to jay and Kay . kay Nice move . you would make a good agent . jay I am a good agent ! Kay take a swing at jay -- jay dodge it easily . jay ( cont 'd ) that 's right , you always lead with you leave . 44 . Kay pull he weapon -- jay duck behind the neuralizer -- now Kay can not shoot . kay you be just make it worse for yourself . the follow play over a game of cat and mouse around the giant structure of the neuralizer -- like through the stack in a library . kay ( cont 'd ) there 's nowhere to run , slim . it 's just if we be gonna do it easy or do it hard . jay run into a dead end . Kay and the orderly be on he . the piss - off orderly grab he roughly , force he onto the gurney . jay keep flail . jay I know you , Kay , I can prove it ... ( search ) you love to bowl ! kay bowl be enjoy by more than 95 million people in more than 90 country . you gotta do better than that . jay you have get a scar on the back of you right hand ! jay grab Kay 's hand . they lock eye for a moment . Kay let jay flip he hand over , big build - up , revealing ... .no scar . jay ( cont 'd ) damn . you will ! I swear ! Kay signal -- the neuralizer power up . and jay be on the conveyor belt into the machine . this be all about to be over . jay think desperately for a way out , then -- Eureka !! jay ( cont 'd ) Kay ! kay !!! what about you girl on martha 's vineyard ? 45 . Kay look up . jay see a open : jay ( cont 'd ) you choose the job over she -- but you never stop think about she . you can not forget she . Kay grab he . kay how the hell do you know that ? I have never tell anyone that . a long look at this guy , who somehow know thing he should not . and he hit the power off button ... but this be tube technology -- we stay with jay be terrifying Pov -- as he slide through the claustrophobic neuralizer chamber -- the tube power down just in time , inch away from he . jay crawl out of the neuralizer , shake . jay you see , Kay ? it 's I -- but Kay grab he and put a gun on he -- kay if you be gonna drag she into this , you would better be able to back up you story . because if you be jerk I around , I will make a window out of you head . jay yeah , okay , um -- accord to the file , he should have enter Earth - space in the last couple day . do you spot any unauthorize landing in the last 48 hour ? Kay look to a tech , who look at a clipboard -- tech we do have something -- a landing in New Jersey . Kay and jay look at each other . 46 . kay ( to jay ) alright , you be come with I . jay grab he key chain . jay can I ask how you be plan on get I out of here ? int . mib 1969 hq Kay lead a " lobotomized " jay through hq . kay ' scuse I , boy . just do a code 43 on this one . jay how 's it go , fella ? look , I put on my pants . he feel one of the agent 's face . Kay lead he to the exit . he talk to jay as if jay be a dim 3rd -grader who speak little English : kay you be a tourist from Kansas . a city slicker take you wallet at the bus station ... Kay lead jay to a set of door marked " exit to STREET " -- manned by mib agent . kay ( cont 'd ) two out . the agent nod to Kay and wave he through -the exit ... which deposit they in ... int . showworld CENTER the peepshow megaplex from the bad old day of time square . a creepy pervert sit in a booth . put money into the machine . the wall slide up -- and to he surprise , instead of a peepshow ... 47 . jay and Kay climb out . off the creep 's reaction : jay aww . do I spoil the mood ? int . crown VIC - kay drive on the New Jersey State Parkway -- kay you would better not be waste my time - jay yeah , yeah . window out of my head . but hey -- if I do not save you , I be dead anyway . so do what you want to I -- just make sure you watch out for yourself . they pull up to ... ext . vincenzi brother waste management - office a squat shack on the edge of a dump , home office to a " legitimate local business . " the window be bloody and break from the inside . corpse of wiseguy litter the front of the building , all show disturbing spore growth . [ please see http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xukjbibbals for reference ] the corpse dematerialize and disappear . jay this do not look like a mob hit . kay that 's a hell of a observation . what give it away ? jay spore . dematerialize corpse . and that . jay point beyond the building ... a sheer drop which be the edge of a huge smoking crater -- and how do this crater get here ? 48 . in the center , a giant rocket , all chrome and flash Gordon . it form the crater on landing . kay we be go in . Kay draw he weapon . jay be not you gonna give I a.gun ? kay right . he pull out a Smith and wesson , dump the bullet , and hand it over . kay ( cont 'd ) try not to get in my way . jay you try not to get in my way . jay and Kay move towards the building ... bam ! bam ! bam !! someone 's fire at they -- they dive for cover . more gunshot -- jay give Kay the signal , we saw in the chinese restaurant kay what the hell be that ? jay stay behind I . you need to stay alive . kay the hell I will . jay try to go in -- Kay push he out of the way and go in first . vincenzi brother jay and Kay bust in -- almost fall into the room because they be squabbling over who 's first -- then - bam ! 49 . someone 's hide under a desk , hold a gun over he head , fire randomly . Kay get graze -- they dive for cover . Kay 's right hand be bleed . jay huh . so that 's how you get the scar . jay toss he empty gun into the corner -- the guy under the desk fire five time - emptying he gun ! jay sprint at he , flip the table -- it 's a terrify , quivering wiseguy . jay grab he and disarm he . the guy be freaked out . wiseguy [ terrified blubbering ] jay what would he look like ? wiseguy [ blubbering ] jay pull it together ! jay slap the guy . jay ( cont 'd ) the guy who do this --- what would he look like ? wiseguy look like a biker ... and he have a ... he have a skull ring ... jay and Kay share a look . jay that 's he . back with jay and kay walk up to Kay 's car . in the background , mib put up a facade around the rocket -- " rocket waste disposal " , tech take sample . 50 . jay what about the witness ? we do not have time to take he back to hq to neuralize he -- kay we have get something new . portable neuralizer . with a rumbling and blast of airhorn , 18 - wheeler drive up , housing the " portable " neuralizer . kay ( cont 'd ) can you believe how small this thing be get ? jay yeah . kay okay , slick . I be make a decision to believe you . not because I do , but because I have to , you get I ? he walk to the trunk , pop it open . he flip a switch , revealing a hidden arsenal . he grab a cool gun and give it to jay . jay admire the deadly firearm . jay aw , this mean you like I , do not it ? kay let 's go get this sunovabitch . they climb in but -- screech !!! a Crown Vic swerve to a stop in front of they . out pop a apoplectic ex -- ex Kay ! do not move a goddamn muscle ! I have you on 12 protocol violation ! Kay look to jay . kay make it thirteen . he gun it -- they tear off ... 51 . yaz' bike wide - he 's on he bike , pull into new york CITY - tollbooth on the bridge yaz approach the tollbooth , manned by a gruff NY no - bs , no - time for anyone tollbooth collector . tollbooth collecter exact change only . yaz can you help a stranger , please ? tollbooth collecter oh , sure . that 's what I be here for . you see that thing behind you ? that 's New Jersey . go home and get some change . yaz there 's be a great injustice in the Universe . I must make it right . tollbooth collecter you know what 's also a great injustice ? sitting in this box all day listen to people try to get out of pay the toll . yaz let I ease you pain . on yaz 's evil grin ... kay and jay drive into the CITY kay now tell I everything you know about this yaz scumbag . jay in two day he 's gonna kill you in Florida . kay two day . do not give I a lot of time . you could not have come back a week ago ? 52 . jay sorry , I be distract by the Earth blow up . kay so we have two day to kill he before he kill I . alright , there 's one cesspool everyone wash up in sooner or later . someone will know something there . come on . let 's take a drive to alien town . jay alien town ? they drive under a sign indicate : east village with yaz cruise through NY . Devil girl on the seat behind he . he pull even with a patrol car . yaz Excuse I , officer of the law . like you , I care a great deal . about justice and I be look for some people . maybe you can help I . officer okay -- get a shave and a haircut .. they laugh . yaz smile sadly . yaz have you ever lose someone close to you ? I have . I have lose everyone . everyone except they . can you help I find they ? he give the cop a picture , they take it grudgingly -- we see it : a half dozen hippie wear medallion . the cop look at each other and raise eyebrow . officer only one part of town where people like that hang out ... 53. ext . the decker build the historic Village landmark . jay and Kay approach ... 60 freak eyeball the square ... in the elevator jay and Kay ride to the sixth floor . jay there 's gotta be something that connect you to yaz . what case be you work on ? kay well , I 'got this whole dry ice thing . jay dry ice ? what 's that ? someone get kill over some dry ice ? smuggle something in some dry ice ? kay no . we just can not figure out what it be . jay wow , you be pretty low on the totem pole , be not you ? the great Kay , look for dry ice . kay do not push you luck . the door open , and we be in ... a way - out 60's party Kay 's on the hunt for someone . they weave they way through the far - out type , hear snippet of high - 60 party conversation . someone notice jay 's suit -- party snob what be you , a time traveller ? jay react -- 54 . party snob ( cont 'd ) that suit be so five year ago . Kay see who he 's look for , grab he : kay we need to talk . reveal andy warhol -- and this be the Factory , and this be one of warhol ' famous party . draped on Warhol -- a bunch of strange hanger - on , he " star . " ultraviolet yum , pig be get cute . jay smile -- she look skeeve out . ultraviolet ( cont 'd ) I mean the young one . Warhol speak with he strange -- yes , almost alien -- affect . warhol it 's not really a good time to talk . I be create a party . ( sigh , totally put out ) but ... maybe if he ask I . jay what - I ? warhol I would never say no to anything that come out of that beautiful mouth ... jay be visibly uncomfortable . Kay nudge jay - do it . jay [ grumble about what he have to do for he partner ] . ( then , to Warhol ) we need to talk . please . Warhol and he star ooh and ahh over jay . someone snap a picture . warhol amazing , just amazing . alright , you talk I into it . follow I . ( more ) 55 warhol ( cont 'd ) ( to entourage ) be back soon , star . private studio loft from here , a window look out over the whole scene . Warhol lead the guy in , shut the door and lock it . immediately , he entire affect change -- he rip off he wig , light a cigarette , and talk like a hard - nose cop . warhol damnit , Kay , be you try to blow my cover ? kay take it easy agent W , you cover be perfectly safe . warhol perfectly safe ? be you out of you goddamn mind ? it 's only a matter of time before they figure out I be a total fraud . kay cool you jet -- warhol I be so out of idea I be painting bananas and soup can for chrissake . how long do you really think they be gonna keep buy this shit ? Warhol slump on a chair . warhol ( cont 'd ) I can not take it anymore . talk to this nutjob and all this goddamn hippie . God , I hate hippie . they be just filthy , Kay . kay yeah , I know they be , buddy . but you be do good work here . we need you . a knock at the door -- Warhol get back into character -- 56 . warhol I will be right there ... I be just ... filming this man eat a hamburger ... it 's ... transcendent . okay , now the pickle ... ( back to cop form ) you see what I mean ? and who the hell 's this guy ? New partner ? jay actually , I be he old partner . I come from the future to warn he about -- warhol Jesus , fine , do not tell I . alright , what do you need ? jay we be look for a recent arrival . Long hair , wear a lot of leather ... Warhol indicate the party below -- half the guest match that description . warhol you will have to do better than that . look , if that 's all you have , I can not help you . kay maybe you know someone who 's see something . STAR ( o.s. ) Andy , the horse be here ... warhol I gotta get back in there -- jay hold up -- the guy we be look for -- he 's out to destroy the world . warhol c'mon , what 's new ? what do a mie call it when someone try to destroy the world ? Tuesday . jay I think you make that up . 57 . kay c'mon , W , I get a feel on this one . like we should take it serious . and we do not have much time . jay check he watch . jay 33 hour . warhol yeah , yeah , alright . ( thinks ) okay , talk to prell and vidal . c'mon . in the party on two beautiful women - in very 60 fashion with incredibly giant hair - one with a big afro , one with big chignon hairdo . warhol ( o.s. ) ( back in " character " ) vidal , prell , can you please talk to this nice man ? the woman 's lip don't move -- they respond in incongruously gruff voice : prell whadaya want ? vidal they look like cop to I . be not talk . prell we be not rat . we swing around they to reveal that Warhol / Kay / jay be not talk to the woman 's face -- they be stand behind the women -- talking to there hair - do's which we realize be two complete hair alien , vidal and prell , perch atop this woman . kay start talk , you two , before you end up on a barber 's floor . 58 . prell ah , you do not scare I . kay yeah ? Kay reach into a pass woman 's purse , pull out hairspray . grab some of prell and hold up the spray . prell you would not ! he spray the hair , it start to scream in pain . vidal stop , you bastard ! prell I be tell you , we do not know anything ! kay you wanna play tough ? how about we take a ride to the barber college , see how tough you be ? Kay keep shaking they down , but jay be distract ... on jay ... something be make he think ... a sound ... it. grow louder ... we start to be able to make out the distinct bip ... bip ... bip ... of pong jay follows the SOUND ... to a group of people -- that incredible Factory mix from slumming socialite to Black panther to the freakiest freak ... they surround a skanky guy -- and whatever they be watch on tv be so mesmerize it 's like they be see the face of God ... brooke astor it 's too beautiful . someone take a picture of the screen . jay walk around the tv -- reveal : they be watch classic early 70s pong . 59 . the skanky guy control it via a big medallion hook up to the tv antennae terminal . he 's play against a young clean - cut square . jay grab the wire and rip they out , cut off the game . everyone jeer he . on kay , hearing the noise , turn to see what 's go on . skanky guy what the hell , man ? jay just wonder where you get that . skanky guy you mother . the crowd laugh . jay really . so my mother give you a technology that have not be invented for seven year ? jay grab he by the throat . partygoer react . someone take picture . someone clap in delight . jay ( cont 'd ) now how about you tell I where you really get it ? the skanky guy know he 's in trouble . skanky guy oh ... uh ... okay , no hassle , man ... I get it from that dude over there ... with the beard . jay turn , let go just long enough for the guy to leap out the window jay take off after he -- Kay join and the chase be on chase through the village jay and Kay chase the guy through various 60 location - a commune , a ashram , a folk club , a protest . 60 . everywhere they be mistaken for " pig " - people get in they way . to jay 's surprise , young Kay be a hell of a runner , in incredible shape . it get competitive between they ... until jay can not keep up -- Kay take off ... Kay run the skanky guy down - jay huff and puff he way over , grab the medallion . jay alright , one more time . where would you get this ? skanky guy it be a gift -- jay bullshit . Kay put a gun on he . jay ( cont 'd ) oh , hey . this be my partner . he 's about to get fire for excessive violence and he do not have much leave to lose . skanky guy I borrow it ! click ! Kay cock the gun . skanky guy ( cont 'd I steal it , okay ? jay that 's what I like . a nice , honest thief . stole it from who ? skanky guy they do not even care , man . they leave they money everywhere . jay who ? skanky guy I do not know who they be -- 61 . kay then you be not worth much to we , be you ? the gun come back out . skanky guy I hear they be archanan . jay archanan ? they be pretty far out of they neighborhood . I do not think we would ever have one on Earth before . skanky guy I can tell you where they live ! Southwest corner of 3rd and Avenue c. top floor . apartment 12. jay rip the medallion off he neck . skanky guy ( cont 'd ) ow ! jay I will do a lot worse . get the hell out of here . the guy run off . kay what 's the deal with the necklace ? jay you be wear one just like it when you die . come on . southwest corner of 3rd and avenue C jay and Kay pull up in front of the building . kay that address . it 's familiar . he pull out a notebook . kay ( cont 'd ) I be go to come by here tomorrow to check out a lead on the dry ice case . 62 . jay so you come here tomorrow , get tangle up with this archanan ... and ... kay and yaz kill I ? jay something like that . so do I and the people of Earth a favor and be careful . kay aw , put on you big girl panty and let 's go . jay hey , I have always get my big girl panty on . huh . that do not sound right . int . freight elevator jay and Kay ride up ... kay that thing back at the party , what be it ? some kind of game ? jay not just any game , pong . game of king . but it be not invent until 1974 . kay how do you know that ? jay because I be the only kid on my block who do not have one . kay aw , what 's the matter ? daddy do not buy you the toy you want ? jay do not have a daddy to not buy I toy . here 's the only thing I ever get from he -- he hold up he key chain . 63. kay that 's rough . jay it get worse . you be the close thing I have to a dad . door OPEN ... down the ratty hallway jay and Kay move carefully , ready for trouble . they get to the door -- apartment 12 . jay point to the door -- this be it ! they see -- the door be smashed in , punched off its hinges and punch into the door -- the impression of a skull ring jay that 's from yaz 's ring . he be here . or be here . jay signal kay kay why do you keep do that ? int . studio apartment they move into the room on high alert ... but it 's empty . they realize the strangeness of the room - alien technology ( include a tv hook up to something strange with ton of wire hang out ) and lot of money .. lot of money ... not just pile -- the actual furniture be made of stack of money . they have be use it for scrap paper , for napkin . jay so yaz be never after you ... he be after the archanan . you just get in the way . kay which must make they damn important . but what do he want with they ? 64 . jay ' no sign of struggle . they must have clear out before he get here . like they know he be come . kay and he 's probably on they trail now . but where the hell do they go ? they look around , puzzle over this place . jay pick up a $ 100 bill off a table make out of stack of money . jay think this might tell we something ? on the $ 100 bill : a strange series of word and number : 3 2 ... 5 1 ... 7 5 .. kay look like some kind of code . we will take it to hq , run it through the computer . figure out where they go . back through the hallway jay and Kay walk down the dark hallway -- yaz step out of the shadow -- back in the car jay and Kay head back to hq . Kay drive , jay stare at the $ 100 bill , squinting at it , turn it over -- jay how about bible verse ? coordinate ? airplane flight ? shoe size ? kay so this be how you do it in the future , huh ? you just keep guess until you figure it out ? jay ( eureka ) phone number ! they stop at a light . 65 . suddenly -- wham ! wham ! someone frantically pound on the trunk -- a frighten 12 - year- old prostitute wear what be basically jodi Foster 's taxi Driver hooker costume -- hotpant , mary jane , halter top . there 's something familiar about she face ... hot pant girl for God 's sake ! help I , would you ? there 's some maniac after I - jay slow down -- who 's after you ? hot pant girl he be like nothing I ever see -- crazy eye , and this freaky skull ring . jay and Kay look at each other : jay get in . hot pant girl thank you so much . this be a dangerous city for a girl . the light turn green -- we be on the girl 's face . jay and Kay look straight ahead . jay so where can we take you ? hot pant girl just make a leave up here . Kay do it ... there 's a rush noise ... in the back seat , hot pant girl be " inflating " and become devil girl ! the car turn down a dark , desert alley . jay be you sure ? seem dangerous . devil girl not for I . reveal -- the girl have fully " inflate " into she natural form -- devil girl ! the outfit be grotesque on she . devil girl attack 66 . set piece fight in the car . employ cool mib tech build into the car . Devil girl subdued , lock into the trunk in a " containment sack " -- like what you would use to stuff a raccoon into . the fight 's over , the guy slump against the car . jay what the hell be that ? kay I do not know , but I would bet you two to one yaz send she . beat . Light bulb moment for jay -- jay say that again ! kay I think yaz send she . jay no , the whole thing ! kay I would bet you two to one yaz send she . on jay , realize -- he grab the $ 100 bill -- jay I know where they be ! on jay and kay walk -- we hear sound of crowd , of cheer , reveal we be at -- ext . aqueduct racetrack jay how be we go to find they ? any idea what a archanan look like ? and then -- they see -- amid the sea of guy in suit , hat , and skinny tie ... 67 . a circle of what look like tibetan monk -- colorful , playful , dress in robe . they could only be -- the archanan . the group comprise one older archanan -- the lama -- and three young attendant . kay I think I find they . they step into the archanan ' aura within the space around the archanan , the chaos and noise of the crowd melt away . deflected . there be three archanan and one distinctive older one -- the lama . in the middle -- a giant pile of winning . all be peaceful within this space . faint chime . they greet jay and Kay happily , chant a strange mantra : archanan ( chanting ) King Lady Big trouble classy ... the faint sound of a announcer : announcer ( v.0 . ) result for the sixth race : King , sweet Sophie , Big trouble and Red gent ! archanan ( chanting ) superba pay 3200 to one ... jay you be in danger -- archanan you be in danger ... you be in danger ... jay think they be play the " echo game " like little kid : jay very cute , but -- 68 . lama in eight second , please do we the kindness of ducking . jay huh ? kay yaz ! they turn to see yaz -- he level a weapon at they -- fire ! jay and Kay duck -- the weapon just miss . jay thanks . kay let 's get into trouble . jay and Kay engage he -- as they run off , the lama call -- lama remember , please , to take the bridge . and we begin big fight set piece . try to include motorcycle and horse element . could also involve the actual aqueduct , which be close by . at one point , jay and Kay seem stick , they remember ... jay take the bridge ... they take the bridge , which give they a advantage on yaz . at one point , jay corner yaz -- yaz blast he -- jay be knock down . look dead ! but he shake it off reveal the pong medallion block the shot . culminate at a toxic waste dump in staten Island , with yaz compress into .a six inch cube - haul away in the back of a garbage truck . the guy give chase -- they want he capture , but no luck . the truck drive off ... 69 . kay he 's go . jay only a matter of time before he come back . and this time he might be really mad . aqueduct race track jay and Kay return to a empty race track ... it 's like a ghost town . no archanan to be find ... jay damn , we lose they . they come all the way across the universe and just when we be about to figure out what all of this be about -- then , faintly ... a cheer kay hold that think . they follow it out to the track which be empty . no spectator , no horse . just the archanan ... who stand near the track watch ... nothing . and yet -- they cheer and clap as if watch the most exciting race ever . jay and Kay exchange a " what the hell ? " look and approach they . jay everybody ok ? archanan everybody be everybody . 70 . jay yeah ... guess I can not argue with that . so listen up -- yaz be down but he will not be for long , so we need to start come up with some answer . first of all -- the archanan cheer . jay shake it off . jay ( cont 'd ) first the archanan cheer again . jay ( cont 'd ) what be you cheer about ?! archanan the race . jay and Kay keep approach ... puzzle -- the track be empty ... jay what race ? jay and Kay cross the threshold into they aura ... and now -- the empty stand be filled with cheering spectator watching a incredibly exciting race . jay ( cont 'd ) where be we ? lama . we be tomorrow . jay step backwards , out of the aura -- back to empty ghost town . step back in -- tomorrow 's rabid fan , cheer the race . from the archanan ' Pov -- we see all version / all age of jay and kay .. the effect be -- they see all time at once . jay you ... can see the future . lama it be what you call the future . 71 . attendant ah , the future . a illusion of the time - bound , borne of the fallacy that one moment follow another . lama yaz suffer from this greatly . and so he must have revenge on you planet . jay revenge ? , for what ? lama he mourn the past because he can not see the dead be still as alive as they ever be . just not now . jay okay , someday you be gonna explain that to I , but right now you need to stop the riddle because there 's about two minute until yaz crawl out of he hole and get back to try to kill you . so help I out . I need to know in english why yaz be try to kill you and what that have to do with save the Earth . attendant we know what he will know . jay you know what ... he will know ... ( figure it out ) you know he plan . ( realizing ) and you be go to stop he . he want to kill you because you stop he . lama ( cheerful ) yes , if he do not kill we first . kay do not you know if he 's go to ? lama sometimes he kill we , sometimes he do not . there be many future . 72 . jay okay , which future be the one where you live and the Earth do not blow up ? lama the one where you take we home . jay and Kay exchange a look -- kay alright , let 's get this freak home , and pronto . lama you must let go of you . attachment to time , beginning with you concept of " pronto . " and on that -- thup thup thup -- 12 black - out helicopter ... ex ( v.0 . ) ( megaphone ) illegal alien -- you be surround ... do not attempt to flee ... jay and Kay yell into the backwash of the rotors : jay no ! we need to get they home ! but it 's all drown out in the wind and dust ... mib " squad car " -- pull up and surround they . jay and Kay look for a escape route -- but mib car and truck seem to be pour in from everywhere . mib agent descend on rope , round up the archanan -- ex ( v.0 . ) ( megaphone ) agent Kay ! return to you vehicle ! rendezvous at headquarters in 20 minute ! we will escort you by air ! and from the noise and chaos of the chopper ... to silence ... 73. int . mib hq - bench outside the conference room jay and Kay watch through a glass wall . Inside the conference room -- the archanan sit around a table . ex pace , clearly talk about the archanan to the other agent . body language tell we the mib reach some kind of consensus . ex come out -- jay and Kay hop up . ex notice jay for the first time -- ex what 's he do here ? do not we just bust you ? kay that be someone else . all this mooner look alike , right ? a beat -- and ex busy it completely . ex yeah ... so look . we have talk about it . and you be to be commend , agent Kay . you do a fine job bring this illegal in . now it 's we job to get they out of the city for containment . somewhere where if someone decide to blow they off the map , the collateral damage will be insignificant . Toronto . kay but they be in danger . one of the most dangerous being in the universe be out to kill they -- ( look to jay ) and if that happen , we be all go with they , because they be we only hope of survival . ex Christ , if we listen to every mooner who show up tell we how they be gonna save the world , that 's all we would do . do you know why Earth be still stand ? ( more ) 74 . ex ( cont 'd ) why we be not a smolder chunk of nothing ? because we do not stick we nose into other people 's business . especially people in danger , because they have enemy , and that enemy destroy Earth . now . be you go to execute my order or not ? kay ( cold ) I think we be suppose to be the good guy . ex careful , agent Kay . that sound like insubordination . Kay walk up to ex , look he dead in the eye kay it sound like you need to cut some eyehole in you stomach , because you head be so far up you ass , that 's the only way you could possibly see . ex that 's it . you be off this case . stick to dry ice . if I catch you near they -- or he -- again , I will have you badge . ( to a bunch of other agent ) you four -- take the archanan to transpo . one of the agent look up -- young agent I ? I be just a accountant --- ex go !!! ( to jay ) and you ... you just get out of here ! the mib agent grab the archanan and hustle they out . Kay lean in to they -- kay do not worry , we will -- 75 . lama yes , we know . Kay look up -- see jay smile at he . kay what ? jay I know agent Kay be not just gonna lie down . so what 's the plan ? kay you hear the man . we have get dry ice to investigate . garbage compactor truck it 's the truck that " compact " yaz . we follow it to the middle of giant staten island dump where the truck dump its load ... include yaz ... who get processed and pressed into a cube . on the cube -- it begin to swell and force itself back into its natural shape . around the pile of garbage , other yaz part seek each other out ... dump exit worker stop what they be do -- get out of the way of something , disturb . we see yaz and understand the reaction -- yaz might be back together , but not at all right -- a leg stick in the wrong place , the head at a weird angle . he catch he reflection in a hubcap and adjust himself ... pop out a eye , swap a arm ... he unfurl he tongue , smell the air -- yaz where do you go ... 76 . showworld CENTER a sleazy guy be suprise to see not just a agent ... but four agent and four Hare - krishna- look guy come out of he peep show window . one of the archanan attendant smile at he : attendant ( cheerful ) you will die alone . sleazy guy yeah , I know . the agent lead the archanan through the world 's great emporium of sleaze . ext . grand central station the hustle and bustle -- cab pick up and drop off passengers -- we find a long line of unhappy kide , making unhappy parent -- kid cry , pull on Mom 's dress ... we see -- it 's the line to a ice cream truck . and the line be not move because kay be questioning the paper-hatted vendor . dry ice smoke rise from the freezer : kay just a few more question about dry ice and I will be out of you hair ... a bird call make Kay turn --.he see jay wave he over , point at something -- the mib agent lead the archanan into the Station ! vendor I tell you ten time -- I get no idea what dry ice be ! kay ( not listen ) . thanks , you have be very helpful . jay and Kay peel off , follow the mib agent , leave the vendor scratch he head . he turn back to the kid . jay and Kay follow the miber and archanan inside ... 77 . int . grand central station the Men in Black blend in easily with the guy go home to greenwich , but the archanan be easy to spot . jay and Kay tail they -- and lose they for a instant ! they spot a glimpse of robe , run after they , turn a corner -- and it 's just some Hare krishnas . kay damn . wrong freak . but jay spot the archanan ... jay over there , Kay ! as they run off -- hare krishna perhaps you would like to join we for a vegetarian meal ? jay and Kay chase after the mib agent and archanan -- the mib agent approach a cordon - off area with sign warning wet paint ! the agent look around , then slip pass the rope and through a narrow door mark " wet paint " or " men working " jay and Kay follow ... through the skinny half - paint door ... through the . skinny door a equally skinny escalator descend 100s of foot . a problem : it 's go the wrong way -- bring incognito alien and mib agent up into grand central . jay and Kay muscle they way down -- lot of ' scuse I -- pardon I -- hey , do not grab that ! but once they power past the crowd , jay 's jaw drop as we reveal ... 78 . secret train station a much - bigger station under Grand Central , a secret hub for send alien back and forth all over the country . it 's basically a series of giant pneumatic tube -- people - size version of the vacuum tube that use to beeverywhere in bank , office , etc . a mix of alien and mib agent put on helmet and pad , board the tube and fwoop off ... Quick shot -- a shoeshine stand set up for many - limb alien ... a newsstand with strange papers ... the Beatles in line for Liverpool with a blue meanie ... kareem Abdul - jabbar ... kay on you 2 o'clock . they spot the miber and the archanan next to the tube to CANADA . tube to CANADA the mib agent put helmet and pad on the archanan . they be about to load they into the tube -- jay and Kay approach : kay hold up . mib you be off this case , Kay . mib 2 yeah , but I hear there 's some dry ice in queen . Magic show at a kid 's birthday party . better hustle , you can get there before . the cake . they all laugh at Kay . kay Change in plan . mib what ? we do not hear about any change in plan . 79 . kay yeah , ex just give we the new order -- check this out -- Kay gesture they closer -- he reach for something in he jacket pocket ... the miber lean in ... and Kay grab they and shove they backward toward the tube ! the mib agent stumble , surprised -- the archanan , not surprised , step deftly out of the way , the miber fwoop fwoop fwoop into the tube ... jay and Kay exchange a smile and realize ... one last very young agent be still stand there , wide - eye : young agent do not hurt I ! I be just the accountant ! he reach for he radio ... jay talk he down : jay I know you be a little freak out and you want to call for backup , but listen : when you have do this job for a while , you realize there 's one rule -- thing be not what they seem . this be innocent being that need we protection . be you gonna do the right thing or be you gonna be a company man and send they off to die in Toronto ? the young agent think -- put down the radio . jay ( cont 'd ) good , good . what 's you name ? young agent agent Zed , sir . kay you be gonna be okay , kid . jay can not help laugh -- 80 . jay he 's gonna be better than ok . I be not gonna give you so much shit anymore . the radio crackle -- ex ( v.0 . ) ( on radio ) Zed , what 's you status ? zed detainee be on the tube to Toronto . no sign of Kay . over . ex ( v.0 . ) copy that , good work , Zed . Zed cross off ... jay be nice to he . trust I . jay , Kay and the archanan regroup . jay ( cont 'd ) okay , you all want to go home . well here we be . so how do you want to get off this rock ? you guy have the spaceport on Long Island yet ? Kay just look at he . jay ( cont 'd ) that place be a dump anyway . best margarita in the Universe , my ass . what about the one in Ohio ? the archanan smile . attendant here be the way home . the lama remove a postcard -size card from he robe and hand it to one of he attendant . the attendant bow , and ritually pass it ... it pass through all the attendant and then to jay . jay give it a look . jay here , huh ? you be sure ? 81 . lama the only future that end with life begin there . jay I will take that as a strong " yes . " okay , then . follow I . jay pocket the card and start herding they across the terminal . Kay catch up -- kay where be we go ? jay look at he a beat . jay omaha . and I be gonna buy you the biggest t-bone you ever see when we get there . so -- you head over to the omaha tube and I be gonna help this guy over here for a second . but I will meet you in a minute . by the omaha tube . they stare at each other -- kay sound good . see you there . Kay turn to head off -- then , lighten fast , spin and reach into jay 's pocket , snatch out the card -- kay ( cont 'd ) omaha , my ass . Kay look at the card : greeting from sunny florida -- a tourist post card with palm tree , orange and beach . kay ( cont 'd ) let 's go . jay no , no , no . no way . Florida , Kay . kay that 's what it say . jay do not you get it ? kay yeah , it 's hot and muggy . the old people drive slow . ( more ) 82. kay ( cont 'd ) we will stay somewhere air - condition and only drive after three when they be at dinner . jay this be why you be there . in Florida . because of they . you be help they and that 's why ... that 's why you get kill . today , July 16 . I see the report myself . agent Kay , dead at the scene . kill by yaz . kay you know what a mib agent call it when he face death ? besides I get you to watch my back , right ? they walk to the florida tube jay I just want you to know , I be do this out of love , man . kay do what ? he get he answer -- jay deck he . jay you stay home and stay alive . but Kay be not down . kay I tell they I would help they -- I be honor-bound to do it . Kay throw a dirty sucker - punch to jay 's kidney . jay recover and throw a uppercut to Kay 's solar plexus . jay wince -- like he just hit something hard . jay damn , you use to have some abs . they continue to pound each other . as they trade punch : jay ( cont 'd ) I can not let you go to Florida . kay I make my own future ! besides -- I be young and stronger than you ! 83. they both attempt a identical spin kick at the same time -- foot collide . jay Bet you be sorry you teach I that . the fight continue ... they be wear down , circle each other ... and then Kay fake a leave --- jay ( cont 'd ) you always lead with you -- but this time Kay connect with he right , knock jay down hard . kay have enough yet ? on jay -- gasp , spend -- use every last reserve of strength to lift himself off that floor . jay I can not let you go -- I love you ! jay kick kay savagely in the groin . Kay lunge at jay . they clinch ... it 's a stalemate ... kay aw , hell , look at that -- behind you - jay I be not fall for that . kay I be not kid -- Kay rotate they clinch towards the tube so jay can see ... the archanan -- very cheerfully , benignly hopping into the florida tube . jay and Kay share a look -- and both run into the tube ! through the tube jay , Kay and the archanan hurtle through the mib system of pneumatic tube . 84 . the archanan fly through the tube , relaxed and happy , move gracefully , like fish through water ... Kay be in perfect control tube position -- everything clench , hand by he side , look like he 's in a " air luge " ... jay be scream and ricochete off the side of the tube like a pinball ... they shoot south , pass landmark of the Eastern seaboard ... intercut with jay 's face -- blow back like right stuff astronaut in a G - Force simulator . jay flail towards the archanan , grab onto the lama 's robe : jay ( yell over the wind noise ) I have to know -- can I really prevent Kay 's murder ? lama yes . jay oh. okay , then . thanks , good to hear . lama but where there be death , there will be death . jay what do that mean ? the lama smile and zip ahead through the current . jay get clobbered by a bend in the tube . ext . field sugar cane worker pick crop next to a giant irrigation pipe . they look up as scream doppler through the pipe -- what the hell be that ? we follow the scream ... 85 . back in the tube jay continue to scream -- tube p.a. ( v.0 . ) all passenger , prepare to de-tube . jay de-tube ? tube p.a. ( v.0 . ) please make sure all helmet and crash suit strap be securely fastened . on jay -- no helmet , no crash suit . jay helmet ? no one say anything about a -- poop ! ext . florida swamp / manatee preserve - end of the tube jay , Kay and the archanan be launch from the tube like human cannonballs ... the archanan land gracefully , float down air current like kung fu master ... Kay hit with both foot and roll ... jay face plant into the water . jay look up -- five manatee stare he down . the alpha manatee emit along , low manatee song which resolves into coughing -- alpha manatee sorry , I have something in my throat . they go that way ... jay thanks . surrounded by thick brush , tree . jay stagger out of the water , look beat to hell . jay ( cont 'd ) Kay ? archanan ? everyone ok ? 86 . reveal -- everyone else look clean and press . jay look around -- nothing but brush and swamp . jay ( cont 'd ) listen , you , uh ... arachaness ...ness ? I do not think this here be the way back to you planet . the archanan smile and walk off ... jay and Kay follow -- jay ( cont 'd ) hey wait -- we can not help you get home , if you do not tell we how ... he trail off as they emerge from the brush and stop dead ... jay ( cont 'd ) whoa . so that 's how you be get home . reveal -- a glorious shot of the apollo rocket and they head towards destiny ... cape canaveral - launch site jay and Kay take in the massive scene ... the huge crowd , the security , the press . history in the making . t-minus 30 minute . jay okay . so we have get ... 30 minute to get past security . get into Mission Control . reprogram the flight path , pull the astronaut off the launch and get they in that rocket . kay well , then . better get start . jay weird . I feel like I have be here . ( beat ) okay , I have get a plan to get through security . we just need to be invisible . 87 . yaz on he bike hurtling down the highway on he superfast bike , kick up a huge duststorm ... he get stuck behind a 18-wheeler . yaz revs -- and speed right through the truck , splitting it in half . down the causeway -- the rocket in the distance ... ext . mission control structure entrance heavily guard by AIR force security -- people with a lot of gun and very little sense of humor . and up step jay , lead Kay and the archanan . jay ( o.s. ) ' scuse I ... I need to get inside ... I have get the big man' cadillac ... all wash and ready to - before the word be out of jay 's mouth , he 's down on the ground with a submachine gun stick in he neck . guard move and it 's the last thing you do ! the security be on Kay and the archanan , force they down . Kay give jay a look -- kay good work . it 's like we be not even here . guard ( into radio ) Sir , this be unit 3 bravo -- we have a attempt perimeter breach into mission control subhallway Charlie . one caucasian , one negroid , four ... other . yes , sir . we will hold they here , sir . jay you have get it wrong , let I explain - 88. guard shut up ! anything you have to say , you can say to my superior officer ! and boy do he hate you kind ... a click ... click ... click ... someone be approach . someone who walk like they mean business . guard ( cont 'd ) Lt. Colonel ! here be the intruder , sir ! jay crane to see the Colonel -- he 's African american . jay grin , relieved -- jay finally , someone I can talk to -- but the Colonel be on he before you can blink , a equal - opportunity hardass to the extreme : colonel the only thing we be gonna talk about be what specific breed of dumbass you have to be to try to penetrate my launch site ! he begin patting jay down . eye widen -- colonel weapon ! you be go away for a long time ... ( to he man ) get they into hold . we will interrogate they after the launch . a beat ... and jay go for it : jay Sir , before you do that --- my name be agent jay . I appreciate you position , but I be from a top -secret government agency in charge of protect the world from the scum of the universe and right now , on behalf of the people of Earth , I .: need to commandeer you rocket so they -- ( point to archanan ) -- can board it . can we count on you help ? the Colonel stare at he for a beat .. 89 . colonel so you want we to stop the most massive endeavor in american history , a event be watch by the entire world , the moment that will be the culmination of a challenge put to we by President John f. Kennedy himself ... so a bunch of Hare krishnas can take a joy ride ? jay would it help if I tell you I be from the future ? colonel get they out of here ! he motion to the other mps , who move to roust the group ... but the lama take the Colonel by the arm -- colonel ( cont 'd ) hey ! -- and pull he into he aura . on the colonel be face ... he see something powerful the lama release he ... the officer be stunne for a moment . blink back into focus and turn to the other guard -- colonel ( cont 'd ) you man be no longer need here . report to delta gate . guard Sir ? colonel go ! guard yes , sir ... the Colonel turn to jay , Kay and the archanan : colonel the rest of you , come with I . the Colonel head into the building . they follow . 90 . jay thing change when you can see the future , right ? colonel they sure do . this be definitely about some next - level shit . the PA crackle : p.a. ( v.0 . ) t-minus seven minute to launch ... mission control structure - underground hallway Mission control be a underground hub with hallway " spoke " . jay , Kay and the archanan follow the Colonel down the hallway towards the main Mission Control center . mission control a hive of activity lead up to the launch .. mile and mile of white guy in buzzcut and shortsleeve button - down shirt . thick glass , slide rule , pocket protector -- a sea of IBM man . everyone smoking , rushing around , last-minute chaos ... hunkere over computer monitor ... reel - to-reel data tape spin . less computing power than a iphone , but we put a man on the moon . p.a. ( v.0 . ) t-minus six minute ... jay attention , everyone ! we have get a change in plan ! everyone 's consume with the launch and wear headsets -- they ignore he -- he keep try -- jay ( cont 'd ) hey ! attention over here ! I need to talk to the man who can be - program this rocket ! still nothing -- jay ( cont 'd ) can anyone hear I ? hey ! you in the glass ! 91 . 25 people in identical giant black plastic glass turn . colonel ( o.s. ) agent jay ! over here ! they see the Colonel with a engineer at a workstation . colonel ( cont 'd ) this be you man . the guy approach the engineer -- engineer you see this card ? the rocket 's flight path be all on card just like this one . right here -- he indicate a long metal rack , like a mail - sorting machine , that hold many 1000s of card and feed they into a processor . a archanan approach and blows on the card -- it hit the card like a mini-whirlwind . the card spiral everywhere like bat pour out of a cave -- chad fly off -- they be magically re-programmed ! and fly back into the rack . the engineer be stunned . and then panic : engineer ( cont 'd ) the trajectory have be alter ! a big low - tech graphic appear on the big low -re monitor : trajectory change . engineer ( cont 'd ) abort launch ! abort launch ! jay slow down there ! everyone be cool ! engineer coolness be a inappropriate response ! the engineer flip the safety off a red button mark " abort " engineer ( cont 'd ) abort in 5 ... jay no ! stop ! do not abort ! engineer 4 ... 92 . the engineer raise he aborting hand -- about to slam it down in the button ! - kay this might help . Kay reach into he jacket , take out what appear to be a neuralizer jay what 's that ? you be hold out on I ? kay Little something I have be work on . glass if you have get them . jay and Kay put on they glass ... engineer 2 . jay and Kay in sunglass -- for a moment , it 's the iconic look of the poster ... jay ha ha , just like old time ... kay oh , and you might want to get under a desk . jay get under a--? engineer one ! the engineer hand come down ... but before he can hit the button -- Kay hit the trigger -- but instead of a flash -- a million pellet explode out of the neuralizer -- bounce everywhere , knock out the engineer . the pellet keep whizzing everywhere through the following : jay and Kay have to talk over the sound of people get ko would . 93. jay what the hell be that ?? kay it 's a high -velocity non- lethal pellet - gun . the boy in the lab call it the " hiv-nol -pog . " jay catchy . the archanan deftly step out of the way -- or the pellet swerve around they . ex run in , flanke by security and / or mib agent . ex it 's Kay ! there he be ! take he down ! shoot he if you have to ! ex catch a pellet to the groin , crumple . the pellet settle ... quiet ... p.a. ( v.0 . ) t-minus ... five minute . the engineer start coming to , daze , wonder what the hell just happened -- Kay and jay give they a " neuralizer " cover story : jay ( to crowd ) what the hell be wrong with you people ? raquel Welch come by for a personal tour of Mission Control and you faint like a bunch of schoolgirls ! kay what a waste . engineer raquel Welch be here ? jay five minute to get to the rocket . and keep you eye open for yaz . they head out . CUT to : 94 . on the tarmac with only a few minute to go , service truck clear the tarmac -- dozen of fuel truck , etc. , driving to get a safe distance away from the blast . the all swerve out of the way as one car cut through they go the opposite way , parting the water -- it 's a military jeep -- the colonel at the wheel , jay , Kay and the rest , barely hang on . CUT to : astronaut transport -- drive the apollo astronaut ride across the tarmac towards the rocket . the only car . look up at that rocket . on neil armstrong , practice : neil armstrong ( grandiose ) that 's one little step that I do , one big step for the rest of you ... wait , that 's not it . do that sound weird to you guy ? the driver slam on the brake buzz aldrin what in Sam Hill be go on ? reveal the Jeep , pull in front of the astronaut , cut they off . kay no disrespect mean , [ major ] . I be a big fan . ( especially of the haircut . ) jay but we have get some bigger fish to fry . Hand over the flight suit . they start pull the astronaut off the truck . the astronaut protest . jay ( cont 'd ) let 's go , people . why do not you take one giant leap out of there . 95 . they look at jay and Kay ... at the Colonel ... colonel that 's right , gentleman . you need to listen to they . we be go to protocol twelve . the astronaut acquiesce . buzz aldrin I do not want to get in that death trap anyways . neil armstrong I be still get my parade , right ? CUT to : ext . mission control structure entrance the same guard who stop jay and Kay be back on duty . they hear something -- they draw weapon -- and it 's yaz . still look like evil incarnate . the guard take in this unholy picture ... guard what the -- yaz I want in . the guard look at each other -- guard should we radio the Colonel ? guard ( cont 'd ) you wanna get yell at again ? they wave he by . guard ( cont 'd ) go ahead . launch platform Kay load the archanan into the capsule . , technician in clean suit assist . 96 . jay work like a secret service agent -- scan for all possible threat . jay check he stop watch -- four minute to go ... Kay work ' with the archanan -- jay we good yet , Kay ? I do not like be out here in the open -- too many way for yaz to get to you ... kay I be almost there . Kay 's get they inside , but have problem with the hatch . kay ( cont 'd ) hey , tech guy -- get back here and help I with the door . tech it 's call - a hatch . kay whatever , just get over here . jay oh , come on -- what 's go on ? kay this door be complicated . jay oh , for ... kay what ? it 's a Apollo rocket , not a plymouth valiant , ok ? it 's complicated . jay go over to help Kay with the door . they both fuss and fight over the door . jay lift it . you have to lift it . kay no , I be lift it . you have to hold the lever . 97 . jay no , if I hold the lever , the rubber thingie will not ... go in the thing where the thingie go ... Kay notice something in the reflection of the hatch glass . kay jay ... why do you think a highly train NASA technician would leave the back of he suit unzip ? they exchange a look that parallel the open scene in the chinese restaurant ... jay because it 's about to go down . they turn around , draw weapon on the tech -- it 's yaz ! note to reader : welcome to the good stuff from here , we launch into a giant set piece that will take we up and around the Apollo rocket ... as jay and Kay battle yaz and Devil girl in a super-high - stake confrontation to protect the archanan ... we will pay off that yaz isavirus , bentondestroyingthe earth to avenge the death ofhis brother -- smallpoxand bubonic plague . the launch clock tick down -- the action move around pipe breathe fire , the gigantic scaffold , liquid oxygen spew from the rocket ... all on top of a rocket taller than a 30 - story skyscraper . with t-minus 25 second to go , jay and Kay corner yaz against the lunar capsule . back to scene : yaz laugh at jay and Kay . yaz you can not stop I ! nothing on Earth can stop I ! jay nothing now . yaz raise a eyebrow ... 98 . jay draw he noisy cricket -- the gun he bring from the future . kay what 's that ? jay Little something I bring with I . jay point the gun at yaz -- but yaz just laugh -- as the clock tick down to t-minus 5 ... 4 ... yaz try it ! you would not dare ! one false shot and you will rip space and time ! jay that 's a chance I will have to take . jay blast yaz yaz stumble back into the capsule ... the hatch slam he in ! just as the rocket begins liftoff -- huge flame - huge cloud of smoke threaten to engulf jay and kay - kay uh oh -- but the archanan surround they with they aura -- where the flame and smoke flow harmlessly around they ... and then it 's over ... big victory moment as they watch the rocket carry yaz off ... jay we do it , partner . I hope you remember this when you recruit I -- you will not give I such a hard time . kay you know I will . jay yeah . 99 . kay I guess we will have to build a prison on the moon or something . jay realize -- grab Kay -- jay do a better job this time , ok ? that need to be one hell of a prison . you do not want that guy come back , or I be come back . look , once be enough , ok ? jay turn to the Colonel -- jay ( cont 'd ) thank you for you help , sir . hope we do not get you fire . colonel not too worried about that . jay can I ask you -- what do the lama show you in there that make you help we ? be it the Earth be destroy ? colonel no -- it be my son . all grow up . as a matter of fact , I be late to see he -- I promise I would watch the launch with he . jay oh. thanks . he 's a lucky kid . colonel I be a lucky dad . take care . jay offer he a handshake . the officer take it -- and pull jay into a hug . jay okay ... the Colonel leave . jay and Kay congratulate each other , smile over a job well do ... but then they see the archanan ... and realize ... 100 . kay we be sorry we do not get you home , guy . it be the only way to get rid of yaz . jay but we will make sure you be safe here . and the next rocket out ... lama all be well . you have do well . jay no we do not . you want to go home ... lama there be what we desire and what must be ... and now we gift to you ... jay gift ? but we do not get you home . archanan there be the action and there be the intention . it be the intention we reward . lama you do the right thing . and if human be capable of such sacrifice , such friendship ... perhaps we be already home . jay so then what 's the gift ? lama you already have it . jay look at pong . jay this ? pong ? lama yes. pong . the pan-galactic ordnance negation grid . agent Kay will use this technology ... jay to make the missile defense system . you use this to save the world . 101 . archanan yes . do not drop it . they take the pong and drape it around Kay 's neck the archanan leave , chant ... archanan ( cont 'd ) ( chanting ) bip ... bip ... bip ... and it 's just jay and Kay . jay look at Kay wear the pong ... just like in the case file picture ... jay hey . my watch stop . we see -- a minute to go . jay look at the watch . something about it bother he ... kay c'mon . let 's go watch that bastard leave the atmosphere . jay yeah , I will catch up with you in a second . kay get into the elevator jay hang back , approach the archanan , walk they down the scaffold . jay so you guy understand all this time stuff , right ? so be everything go to be okay now ? I mean , if I save everything , and yaz be really go , why be I even here ? should not I not have come in the first place ? and why do I still have time leave on my watch ? underground the scaffold lead jay and the archanan into the maze of underground hallway . jay walk , look at he watch , think ... 102 . , he see a wall clock -- 3:59 . jay 3:59 . but Kay do not get kill until ... and then the awful realization -- jay ( cont 'd ) he do not come yet ! Kay , he do not come yet !!! jay race to find Kay . with kay unaware that he appointment with death be near ... with yaz and devil girl Racing down a hallway ... hunt Kay ... with jay running ... run ... search ... where be Kay ? intercut between kay ... yaz ... jay ... all converge on destiny ... with jay running ... more frantic now ... and then he see he ! Kay -- at the end of the hallway !. backlit by the door to the outside ... jay Kay ! and then jay see -- yazl already there ! jay go for he weapon , but he do not have the shot ! yaz pull he gun ... 103 . Kay turn to see yaz -- there 's no time to react , only to know he's about to die ! yaz fire !! but -- the colonel be somehow there instead ! he catch the bullet for Kay -- he body dematerialize . and it give jay the split-second he need to FIRE on yaz and kill he , blow he outside -- where he be incinerated by liquid oxygen leftover from the launch . they look at each other -- it 's over . kay see ? I know you have my back . jay hear footstep . look up and see the shadow of a tall man -- remarkably similar to jay' own silhouette . as the footstep approach , the shadow grow smaller , shrink to kid size . it 's a boy . kide voice dad ? what 's go on ? the kid step into the light -- backlit -- but from the shape of he head and jay 's reaction , this kid could only be young jay . jay where there be death , there will always be death . he save you life . he swap he for yours . he save the world . Kay put a firm hand on jay -- kay I will take it from here . Kay step away ... but turn back . in a replay of the moment from the first movie , jay toss Kay a modern neuralizer . jay leave I some memory this time , ok ? kay sure , partner . I will see you around . 104 . jay yes you will . Kay turn back to the boy , take he hand . jay watch they from a distance : Kay take something off the ground where the Colonel 's body be -- hand it to the son . kay hey , look -- you dad want you to have this . Kay give the kid a shiny new commemorative Apollo key chain . jay look in he pocket -- the same key chain , scratch and wear . young jay where be he ? kay you daddy have to go -- he 's part of the space program , now . he 's okay , he just have to take a trip up to the star , but you will be just fine . I will keep a eye on you ... they be silhouett by the bright light of the Apollo launch ... jay take out he iphone and all goe white ... pure white light ... and it resolve into ... new york - back to present day ... jay come to in the Apple store , look to the sky and the missile be still coming !!! jay noo !!!! and then ... a giant pong paddle rise over the horizon and pong the missile back into space 105 . ext . mib hq entrance / ventilation build jay be walk on air -- thrilled to see the deadpan security guard . jay it 's good to see you , man . he give he a hug -- get a " what the hell ? " face . int . mib hq jay be thrilled to be back -- hugging everyone he can . no one else know what he 's talk about -- from they Pov he never leave ... it all seem the same except for quick shot of ex the bitter janitor , age Devil girl push the coffee cart ... jay bounce through the mib hq -- it 's just a regular day to everyone else , but it 's home sweet home to jay . he even give the worm guy a big , gushy hug . a crowd of people gather around Kay , congratulate he on win the bowl trophy ... again . Kay look up -- smile big when he see jay . kay alright , everyone , give I and my partner here a minute . they leave the guy alone . a beat -- and jay just wrap he in the biggest hug ever . jay it 's good to see you , man . so good . I just ... do you remember ... I mean , do you know what I have be through ? Kay just stare at he . kay you mean , do I remember that you travel back in time to save my life and the world ? not bad , slick . not bad . jay no problem . you would do the same for I . I just have one question ... ( more ) 106 . jay ( cont 'd ) when you disappear ... why do not I forget you when everyone else do ? kay well , I do not know exactly . because I be dead . but in a quantum reality , object can exist in contradictory state ... so multiple timeline with vary probability can exist , and the one you be close to mathematically -- jay oh , you be talk about we closeness ... you be talk about we love ... across timeline ! you be say we love will go on ! Kay swat he away -- but the love could not be more clear . jay feel something in he pocket -- the keychain . take it out . jay ( cont 'd ) he be a good man . kay yes he be . jay I be glad I know that . kay so you travel back in time , huh ? jay yep . kay wow . and you do not change anything ? jay no . kay you be sure ? because the littlest thing can have huge repercussion . jay I be very careful . 107 . kay good man , good man . well , let 's get you a uniform . jay Excuse I ? we pull back -- revealing present day mib in all its kickass grandeur . eternally vigilant in the struggle to protect the Earth and all its inhabitant ... and every one of that agent wear blue suit with short . jay ( cont 'd ) even I can not make that look good . fade to black .