metropolis by Corey mandell fade in : ext . manhattan - middle of the night freeze wind shutter through the shadow . relentless darkness . no sign of life , save for -- the SOUND of determine footstep . int . high rise apartment build - lobby - continuous the doorman at he post flipping through a magazine , rap music pound from he radio . Glass suddenly shatter as a glove hand punch through the window , reach in , unlock the front door . two man in dark suit blur inside . the doorman rush to stop they , only -- dex , the taller of the two man , slam the barrel of he gun into the doorman 's throat . dex life can be a illusion . ( low and deadly ) sometimes we see what be not there , and sometimes we do not see what be there . the doorman , wide eye with terror , nod he consent . dex remove the gun . doorman plant himself in the chair , eye glue to he magazine , make it clear he do not ' see ' the man as they stroll into -- int . elevator - continuous Old fashioned steel box struggle its way up the shaft . fluorescent yellow light stabbing through the grate . int . hallway - moment later dex slap a small plastic strip on a apartment door as both man turn away , shield they eye . a blind flash of light as the door be blow apart . int . apartment - continuous the man rush inside and straight into -- int . bedroom candle flicker on the dresser . a syringe on the bedside table , next to a sleep figure curl up under the sheet . both man start to pull gun , but -- dex this one 's personal . dex 's partner shrug , holster he weapon and step back through the doorway , watch as -- dex spin and fire . not the traditional booming gunfire , but rather the strange sound of electronic hiss as laser - fire rip the person to shred . dex finally stop fire and move to the bed to verify the kill , only on close inspection he see it 's not a person . he 's just blow the hell out of a mannequin . dex smile , blow out the candle and head out of the room . CUT to : int . church - dusk a lone priest light the sacrament candle , the sound of he breathe reverberate through the empty church . he suddenly stop , snap he head around -- a man in a wheelchair stare at he from the doorway . the man be christoph . Dark robe shroud he shrivel , decaye body but he eye still burn with life . christoph ( raspy voice which labor to be hear ) May I trouble you with a confession ? even in the flicker half - light of the candle , the Priest can see that christoph be die . priest never a trouble . the large statue of Jesus over the alter stare down as the Priest lead christoph into -- int . confessional booth christoph 's voice be weak , know each word could be the last . christoph forgive I Father , for I have covete . priest what have you covete ? christoph ( anguish whisper ) life . a small smile of compassion escape across the Priest 's lip . priest God give we all the need for life . and when the end begin to near , we all crave more time . no sin . christoph ( hesitantly ) but there 's what I would do for more time . priest what would you do -- a sharp hiss sound -- the laser burn through the confessional wall and straight through the priest 's chest . face freeze in a listen pose as the body crumple to death . christoph slowly lower he weapon with a look of genuine contrition . ext . manhattan - hell kitchen - continuous it 's the near future and the neighborhood be cover with graffiti scrawle in machine code and billboard project holograph advertising malt liquor and pleasure - dip cigarettes . a slick - black jet copter drop silently from the sky . int . warehouse - continuous piece of advanced computer technology lie scattered about the large work table . a small kitchen and bedroom in the back . speaker pour in one of handel 's aching melody . the music suddenly pierce by the shriek of a giant Bird of prey diving across the room . ext . STREET - continuous a tight knot of bodyguard disgorge from the copter . tense eye sweeping the street , they finally give the all - clear signal . halden , a charismatic bull of a man , emerge from the copter . he move with the confidence of someone who know he can not be touch . int . warehouse - continuous the sound of handel 's concert mix with the sound of claw tear apart flesh . tanner sit in the middle of the room . he be early forty , athletic build , and a face that hold too many memory . his insomniac -stain eye study the holographic chess board as the knight mount on the Bird of prey slaughter a pawn . disembodied voice ( o.s. ) Visitors . tanner snap he attention to -- int . wall size monitor halden and he man head toward the warehouse . int . warehouse tanner 's eye harden at the sight of halden . a long beat , then he finally shake he head in resign disgust . tanner permit entry . the sound of dead bolt automatically slide open . moment later the bodyguard stand motionless in the corner , do they best to look like furniture . halden move through the holographic chess board , he eye on tanner . halden a legend fall tonight . his stare now rip into tanner . halden the unrunnable maze . impossible to get through . ( thick smile ) well , some kid just dance it like it be some six bit video game . tanner do not blink . his voice matter - of-fact . tanner he have key . halden of course the legend would like to think that . but no one have key . ( fierce ) you maze be run . ext . warehouse - moment later halden and he man escort tanner to the wait copter . CUT to : int . vacant CITY STREET - that night christoph stand naked in the middle of the vacant street , stare down at himself in reverent awe . it be as if he 's be reborn . his body no longer decrepit , but rather pulsing with a almost inhuman vitality . he head down the street , the walk become a run , then a sprint , he head back , mouth open , taste the wind . CUT to : ext . manhattan sky - line - continuous a jet-copter scream across the night sky , while inside -- int . jet -copter - continuous tanner study the holographic image of the maze project in front of he : a constantly shifting sea of line swirl furiously in random direction . a small blue square rocket into the maze . sound of laughter as the square dodge , feint , spin it 's way down into -- the center of the maze . a pattern so intricate it seem to be a solid wall of light with no way through -- only the square suddenly shoot up , twist , somehow find the smallest of fissure and blur through . the square be go . only the laughter remain . halden he have fun rip you maze , that 's good . ( tight smile ) now that it 's obsolete for security purpose , maybe we can turn it into a amusement ride . tanner silently snap off the hologram as the jet-copter bank sharply for a landing onto -- CUT to : ext . VSI corporate headquarters - roof a tower black monolith which seem to burst straight up through the heaven . int . VSI corporate building - continuous halden lead tanner down the long hall . dex , who have trade he dark " assassin 's " suit for a VSI standard issue gray pin-stripe , stand wait for they . he keep he eye on halden , as if tanner be not even there . dex we just track the runner to the hotel district . halden nod as all three of they head into -- int . control room Long row of programming console manned by engineer wear wireless ' tele - com ' headsets . dex direct halden 's attention to one of the high - def monitor lining the wall . the monitor show -- int . savoy HOTEL room rock music pound the room as silver confetti drop from the ceiling . a kid , sixteen at most , watch excitedly from the bed as the two playmate , barbie - doll body , slow - dance a striptease . int . control room dex finally acknowledge tanner 's presence . dex still go through puberty and he shred you maze . ( hard ) that 's gotta hurt . tanner remain silent . eye lock on the monitor as halden turn to emma , VSI 's senior security engineer . halden get some internal police there . tell they to run a perimeter . tanner but have they wait for I ' till they move in on he . halden turn , shoot he a surprised look . but tanner ignore it as he head for the door . dex go to stop he , but something in tanner 's eye make he think twice about it . a freeze beat , then halden snap a silent command to dex to let tanner go . CUT to : int . interface room - moment later row and row of unconscious body strapped to interface seat , the room look like a warehouse full of people in coma . tanner climb into a interface seat as a technician wheel up he medi-cart and start prepare a iv . tanner should not be in that long . the technician shrug , return the iv to he cart and start hook tanner to a bio-monitor . dex stride into the room , stare down at tanner . dex be a while since you have be inside . ( off tanner 's silence ) go to look up old friend ? tanner meet dex 's stare . a deadly exchange . dex ( grin ) you know she ask about you all the time -- tanner plunge he finger into the connect BOX , he eye thrust back in he head , body go slack . int . the net - continuous cool silent blackness of the void . eternal stretch of nothingness . then the blink of a light racing toward we . color so intense you can feel they heat . disembodied voice ( o.s. ) destination ? tanner's disembodied voice ( o.s. ) Hotel district . the faintest sound can be hear . almost sound like music . disembodied voice ( o.s. ) Security clearance approve . welcome tanner . enjoy you stay . drop down . into the light . embrace by the color . CUT to : ext . night CITY it 's as if someone take the best part of the world 's night spot and put they together in one neon-drenched city . only this be the digital world . picture - perfect architecture . no pollution or decay . and color that be just a little bit more vibrant than the real world . Music pound the air as crowd of people roam the street , explore the countless pub , casinos and night club . ext . night CITY - HOTEL district - continuous tanner head down a street line with some of the world 's most famous hotel . unlike the party people all around he , tanner be all business , stare straight ahead with laser - like intensity . ext . the savoy a group of internal cop wear tele - com 's and night City Police uniform , stand huddle in the shadow across from the savoy . the sergeant greet tanner with a curt nod . sergeant Corp must really want this guy to have send the legend himself . tanner just do not want you boy have all the fun . the sergeant give the signal . the cop fan out . int . night CITY - virtual HOTEL room the kid 's still on the bed , suck down a beer . one of the playmate lean over , let he unhook she bra . he smile at she overly perfect body . she bite she lip in stage ecstasy , trace she finger down he chest , pull at he belt as -- the door burst open . the cop and tanner rush inside . the kid fly off the bed . a cop try to grab he , only the kid grab a chair and smashes it hard into the cop 's face , drop he hard to the floor -- int . VSI corporate build - interface room the cop 's real body lie strapped to a interface seat , twitching as the pain sear through he consciousness -- int . night CITY - HOTEL room - continuous the other cop ready to charge , but tanner get in front of they , freezing the kid with a look . tanner look , we be go to trace you . the confetti still swirl through the room . tanner so be smart about this -- kid -- you be the big man . Big fuck cop . he laugh as he make a imaginary ' gun ' with he finger and point it at tanner -- kid no gun on the system . that 's how it 's program , right ? ( pull the ' trigger ' ) so what be you go to do , huh big cop ? can not shoot I . tanner look , I know you do not run it . you have key . kid shake he head , full of bravado . kid that maze 's nothing . I could run it blind on a sixty - meg board . sergeant ( into tele - com ) ( whisper ) this be a waste of time . how about a little encouragement ? int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room everyone in the room watch the scene play out in the hotel . emma ( into tele -com ) here 's something which ought to help he talk -- her finger race over the console . int . night CITY - HOTEL room tanner still have the kid pin with he stare . tanner Fine , you run it . that 's felony system fraud . get you thirty year . ( let that sink - in ) or you tell we where you get the key and we start talk a deal . kid 's eye reveal he 's think this one through , only -- a huge doberman explode through the window . insane growl , deadly stare , rocketing for the kid , who freak , throw one of the virtual playmate into its path -- powerful claw rip through she , fling she against the wall . she lie there shred , but for some reason , not bleed . kid throw himself out the window . doberman fly after he , with tanner just a heartbeat behind . ext . the savoy the kid race down the crowded street with the doberman chase after he . tanner ( into tele - com ) ( yell ) lose the god-damn dog ! a couple cross the street , get between the kid and the dog -- int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room Emma slam in the command -- ext . night CITY - STREET the doberman about to tear through the couple , but flicker , then disappear . int . night CITY - casino - continuous slightly featureless waiter and waitress deliver drink . on stage , a young billy holiday belt out a soulful blue tune . the kid tear through the room . ext . casino - continuous the cop rush into the casino . but tanner stay on the street , racing around the side of the building . int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room the casino be now up on the monitor . Emma 's eye follow the kid . emma ( into tele - com ) grid eighteen . head for exit six . int . night CITY - casino the cop charge across the casino , but unable to get to the kid before he bolt out the exit -- ext . casino - alley - continuous the kid come fly out into the alley . there 's tanner , bear down on he . kid take off , run as fast as he can , turn the corner to -- ext . the gate the sprawling structure where people enter and exit night City . a crush of excited customer push past the hostess who welcome they with program cheerfulness . hostess and do not miss the tivoli , with firework every hour on the hour. ( smile ) and please remember to follow all safety rule while -- the kid racing through the crowd with tanner in hot pursuit . int . night CITY - STREET sound of rock music bounce off the building . the kid sprint out of the crowd and up and over a hill . tanner follow , find himself in the midst of -- ext . night CITY - concert a color light show scream down from the heaven . the huge crowd of people gyrate to the music pound from the band on the river - front stage . tanner push into the frenzy as a usher quickly step up to he . usher ( very politely ) I be sorry sir , but there be a premium charge for this event -- tanner pull he access card from he pocket and run it through the thin slot in the usher 's torso . a beat , before ... usher access approve . enjoy the concert , tanner . the usher step away as tanner slice through the crowd , eye probing for the kid . tanner ( into tele -com ) where the hell be he ? int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room Emma be study the monitor , try to find the kid in the churn sea of humanity -- emma ( into tele -com ) I be work on it . ext . night CITY - concert the band finish the song . the audience yell for more as the light show suddenly snap off -- pitch blackness . a new song . even louder . audience scream along as strobe light rip through the night . tanner try to focus in the quick burst of illumination . emma's voice ( from tele -com ) he 's north - east of you . head to crimson street -- tanner spin , cut a path through the throng . pick up speed . but suddenly freeze -- a face . katie . effortlessly attractive . the warmest of smile not quite able to hide the sadness . her expensively dress male companion 's arm wrap tightly around she waist as they watch the concert . tanner stare at she . do everything he can to hold it in . the light strobing she face . tanner struggle to pull he eye away . only now she look over . see he . they stare at each other for a long torture beat . Katie turn to she companion , whisper something , then hurry over to tanner . only he 's no longer there . her eye spin through the crowd . catch a glimpse of tanner as he disappear into the darkness . ext . night CITY - STREET - continuous the kid break out of the concert crowd . race up the street and over a bridge to -- ext . night CITY - red light district modele after Amsterdam . Canal -line street brim with business catering to every and any erotic desire . kid come run off the bridge and suddenly stop . a pair of cop charge he . the kid turn , rush into -- int . devil' lair customer browse the ten storey worth of virtual playmate enclose in small glass cubicle . the cop push through the crowd , racing after the kid . ext . STREET tanner sprint for the fire escape on the side of the building . int . devil' lair the kid racing for a exit , but can not find one . the cop almost to he , so he bolt straight for a cubicle -- cover he face , he throw himself through the glass , fly past the stunne playmate and out the cubicle 's back door -- int . stairway the kid charge up the stair to the top floor and out onto -- ext . roof the kid throw the door shut behind he as -- tanner's voice ( o.s. ) time to be smart . kid spin . tanner be right there . tanner not too late to cut a deal . ( coax ) all you have get to do be tell I where you get -- the kid back away from tanner , but quickly run out of roof , teeter on the edge of a ten story drop . a freeze beat , then the kid look up at tanner with a twisted grin . tanner ( realize ) don 't -- but the kid 's already laugh as he let himself fall backward into the air . tanner dive after he , smash face - first into the roof , grab the kid 's foot before it disappear over the edge . he reel the kid back onto the roof , slamm he stare into he -- tanner this be not one of that virtual reality system you be use to play on ! the kid shrug , unfaze . tanner this be hyper-reality . full immersion . kid Big deal -- tanner -- if you have come in through the gate like you be suppose to , you would know . ( intense ) full immersion . you die on this system , you consciousness die . the kid stare at tanner as this sink in . but he still keep up he tough guy look . kid why the hell do you care ? tanner wipe the blood from he chin as he rip all trace of compassion from he face , match the kid 's stare . tanner I do not . I just need you alive so you can tell I where you get the key . tanner hurl the kid back into the arm of the wait cop . tanner trace he . cop be my pleasure . they drag the kid down the stair , leave tanner alone on the roof , sound of music swirl through the darkness . CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room a engineer study he screen as location grid flash by . one of the grid suddenly freeze . the engineer punch a command into he console , enlarge the grid to show a cross-section of city street . CUT to : ext . night CITY - STREET - continuous tanner head down the crowded street toward the flash light of the -- ext . concert tanner stand on the outskirt of the concert , stare into the area where he have see Katie . the strobe light flash across he face . he finally force himself to turn away from it , head alone down the street , woman' voice ( o.s. ) ( call out ) tanner . frozen beat . Katie step from the shadow . a long , torture silence . katie least you could do be say hello . he slowly look at she . work hard to keep it under control . tanner hello . this be not easy for either of they . katie what bring you inside ? tanner Cleaning up a mess . katie ( small smile ) some thing never change , do they ? see the dry blood on he chin . Old reflex take over , she put a soothing hand on he face . he stand rigid . barely breathe . force himself to turn away . tanner I have get to get back . katie tanner . her eye plead into he . take everything he 's get to remain firm . tanner sorry . he head down the street . she call after he -- katie you know I want to tell you , but they would not let I -- but he 's already disappear into the darkness . CUT to : int . night CITY - blue bar - a little later the crowded joint watch as the late blue legend ' howling Wolf ' , let lose on stage . tanner find a spot at the bar and order a drink , he eye still dark with memory . the drink arrive . as tanner pick it up , a drop of blood fall from he chin , crimson spot smear through the amber liquid . woman' voice ( o.s. ) it 's good luck . means you real . tanner look next to he at -- gena , sexy , chatty , sense of long . she motion to the employee . gena the program do not bleed . tanner nod , wait a polite beat , then turn back around , take a hit of he drink , but she 's still talk to he . gena where you plugge - in from ? tanner ( beat ) New York . gena I be South dakota . she sip from she drink , eye still on tanner . gena that 's what you gotta love about this place . drink whatever you want , you real body do not gain a once . ( beat ) but you wanna know what 's a drag ? he drain he drink and motion for a refill . tanner what ? gena the weather . ext . the bar - continuous christoph stand outside , watch they through the window . int . bar gena lean in toward tanner . gena always a warm summer night . which be a shame , because there 's nothing like make love in the rain . ( flirty ) do not you agree ? he look at she , not sure how to respond . she read the silence . gena ( disappointed ) what 's she name ? tanner who ? gena the woman you be stick on . tanner ( quiet ) there be no -- his tele - com buzzing , then Emma 's voice in he ear . emma's voice ( from tele -com ) naile the trace . kid 's in Memphis . tanner talk into the tele - com . tanner ( into tele - com ) good , kick he out . emma's voice ( from tele -com ) you sure ? we can handle collection . CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room Emma be watch tanner and gena on a monitor . emma ( into tele -com ) I mean , I do not want to interrupt anything -- tanner's voice ( from tele -com ) -- you be not . kick I out . Emma shrug , turn to the console . CUT to : int . night CITY - bar tanner motion the bartender to refill gena 's drink , toss down credit to cover it . tanner take care . gena take care ? where the hell be you go -- he flicker , then disappear into -- int . the net - darkness the last thing tanner see be gena 's insulted face blur into the swerve of light bend into each other as -- tanner be pull out into the blackness of the net . eternal silence . finally -- a shaft of light slice the darkness . eerie green glow , the echoing sound of a electronic heartbeat . struggle to make out image . a line smear up and down . int . VSI corporate headquarters - interface room tanner blink back to consciousness . the weaving line be on the bio-monitor tracking he vital . a bored technician unplug he from the monitor . medical technician just lay there a few minute . but tanner force himself to get up . his chin show no sign of the wound receive in the digital world . he look around groggily at the sea of motionless people plugge into the system . place feel like a morgue . CUT to : ext . night CITY - bar - continuous christoph move straight for the now - empty seat next to gena . CUT to : int . house - dawn first light streak peacefully through the window . the place be sparsely furnish . empty beer keg be use as chair and textbooks lie scattered about . the stillness be shattered as -- the front door explode open -- heavily armored memphis swat team rush in , along with dex and a couple of VSI security guy -- weapon draw , everybody 's dead serious . tanner follow they in , watch as they rip through the place , kick in door , search everything , until finally -- swat team agent voice ( o.s. ) ( from basement ) down here ! everyone rush down into -- int . basement the kid lie unconscious on a cot , he finger stick in a connect - box wire to a old laptop computer . swat team leader start to pull the kid up off the cot , but dex 's hand shoot out , stop he -- dex bad idea . dex whip a mini-cell phone from he pocket . swat leader turn a confuse eye to tanner . tanner pull he off the system before he 's eject and he go brain dead . dex ( into mobile phone ) we get he . kick he lose . CUT to : int . night CITY - holding cell - continuous the kid be sit in the middle of a black cube . he suddenly flicker , then disappear -- CUT to : int . memphis house - basement the kid 's body twitches . eye flutter open . first impulse be to run , but as he focus sharpen -- a wall of laser gun train on he face . CUT to : int . night CITY - bar christoph settles into the seat next to gena . he order a drink , then turn he attention to she . christoph might I interest you in a question ? she turn , give he the once over , then flash he a playful smile . gena as long as it 's not ' what 's you sign ? ' christoph if you could meet God , what would you say to he ? she stare at he . he 's serious . gena that 's a strange question . you a strange man ? christoph there you be , sit next to the creator , what do you say ? gena ( amaze laugh ) this be how you pick up woman -- christoph -- no . the intensity in he stare unsettle she . but something about it keep she from move away . she look at he , shrugging . gena I would probably say something like why would you let the world get so fuck - up ? he nod , eye aching with compassion . christoph you life that bad ? gena no , not I , I have be lucky . but I have see what happen to other people -- christoph -- if you life 's so good up there gena , what be you do down here ? she stare at he . gena how would you know my name ? his drink arrive as he calmly meet she stare . christoph do you believe in miracle ? gena I be serious , how do you know my name ? he smile , dangerous charm . christoph ( toast ) to miracle . she 's still stare at he , not exactly sure what to make of this guy , but intrigue enough to join he in the toast . CUT to : ext . manhattan sky - a little later the storm have finally arrive . the jet-copter slashing through the dark rain . int . jet -copter tanner be hole up in the back with the kid 's laptop computer . program racing down the screen . he stop on a program , eye blaze in vindication . CUT to : ext . night CITY - the terrace - continuous flawless gothic architecture complete with gargoyle grow down from the roof . the building be dark and seemingly empty save for the outdoor glass elevator climb up its side . int . outdoor glass elevator - continuous gena and christoph stand next to each other in the elevator , stare down through the window at the firework raining over -- ext . the tivoli night City 's digital carnival . a roller coaster with no track , car rocketing through thin air over a merry - go- around with real horse . the carnival be surround by the track , where people race Ferrari 's at full speed . one of the car lose control , hurtle toward the wall , but freeze at the last second to allow the driver to climb out unhurt -- int . outdoor glass elevator - continuous gena turn , catch the flicker of almost child - like awe in christoph 's eye as he look out over night City . she smile , move a little closer to he . the elevator glide to a stop . he look at she . christoph you be right . gena ( beat ) about what ? the door open and he lead she out onto -- ext . the terrace - roof a brass bed surround by unlit candle sit in the midst of the elegantly design roof garden . christoph make love in the rain . she look from the bed to he , confuse . gena but it do not rain here -- the first raindrop beginning to fall as -- sultry jazz music envelope they . the candle wick crackle to life , flame dance in the night . gena 's stunne , shaking she head , insist . gena it can not rain here . not the way it 's program . her eye dart out over the roof . it 's not raining anywhere else . just here on the roof . just on they . she stare at he , fascination mix with fear . gena who be you ?! christoph ( quietly ) someone who believe in miracle . he pull she to he , warm rain caress they body . CUT to : ext . VSI corporate headquarters - continuous the jet-copter twist down through the rain for a landing . int . halden' office - moment later halden 's office be on the top floor of the building , window offer up God 's eye view of the storm batter Manhattan . tanner march in and before halden can react , slam a mini-disk into the wall player . a matrix of data swirl down the wall monitor . tanner recognize it ? halden 's silent . tanner 's stare digging into he . tanner kid have key . ( matter-of -fact ) the maze be unrunnable . halden be still silent , a sour eye on the monitor . halden do not make sense . how the hell do some fuck teenager get to the key ? tanner sorry , I just design the maze . ( tight smile ) keeping the key secure be you job . he turn for the door as the monitor buzze , now show -- int . interrogation room - continuous the kid sit like a statue in he chair . he do not look up as the VSI lawyer enter and take a seat across from he . the lawyer stare at the kid as if this could somehow make he break down and confess . finally ... lawyer Care to tell we how you come into possession of a illegal access program ? kid look , I be do mute ' till I have a mouthpiece here who 's on my side . lawyer you do not need a lawyer . ( hold up the disk ) we find the program on you laptop . int . halden' office - continuous tanner have stop in the doorway , he eye on the monitor -- int . interrogation room the kid stare impassively at the lawyer . kid do not know what you be talk about . lawyer of course you do . ( dead serious ) and the only shot you have get of keep you ass from sink in a sea of shit be to tell I where you get this program . the kid shake he head , laugh . lawyer what 's so funny ? kid this . no point to it . lawyer why not ? kid because you will never believe I . lawyer try I . the kid slowly stop laugh , he voice seemingly genuine . kid it be just there . lawyer there ? kid my uni- net account . I log on . the program 's there . lawyer just like that ? kid just like that -- int . halden' office - continuous halden be still watch at the monitor , not notice as tanner turn and silently slip out into -- int . hallway the voice play from the monitor be just barely audible as tanner head down the long hallway . lawyer' voice ( o.s. ) any idea how the program get there ? kide voice ( o.s. ) how the hell do I know ? maybe it be a gift from God ? CUT to : ext . night CITY - the terrace - roof rain stream down on christoph and gena as they have sex . she study he . his eye be burn with intensity , savore each and every sensation . gena you do not have much sex up there in the real world , do you ? christoph ( barely audible ) no ... hard to tell if it 's rain or tear which streak down he face . ext . VSI build - roof - continuous tanner move through the dark rain and into the wait -- int . jet -copter tanner climb in , practically have to yell to be hear over the storm . tanner ninth and Hudson . the pilot punch it up on the nav-board . the location pop - up on the grid . pilot Hell 's Kitchen . talk about you shit hole . what 's there ? tanner my home . take the pilot a full beat to realize tanner be not joke . pilot ( try to cover ) cheap rent . Close to the waterfront . I hear the area 's make a comeback . he quickly turn he attention to engage the thruster . tanner stare straight ahead , watch the rain slam into the windshield . CUT to : ext . night CITY - the terrace - roof it have stop raining . gena lie asleep on the bed . she be alone . CUT to : int . jet -copter thrusters groan to life . High - pitch whine , almost sounding like laughter . tanner be watch the blast of rain batter the window . the jet-copter twist up into the sky . a rain drop zig - zag across the windshield , run into another droplet , make one single , bigger drop racing down the glass . tanner stare at the windshield . suddenly realize -- tanner land it . pilot Sir ? tanner take I back down . Pilot shrug , float the copter back down to the roof . CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room tanner rush through the control room to Emma . tanner I need playback on the kid 's run . she read the urgency in he voice and pull it up -- int . on the high -def monitor a holographic image of the maze . the glow blue square racing through it , accompany by the unmistakable sound of laughter . tanner's voice ( o.s. ) freeze it . ( she do ) now pull - up play - back of the kid 's interrogation . a beat . the maze replace by VSI be interrogation room . kid ( on monitor ) do not know what you be talk about . lawyer ( on monitor ) of course you do . and the only shot you have get of keep you ass from sink in a sea of shit be to tell I where you get this program . the kid start laugh . tanner's voice ( o.s. ) freeze it -- the lawyer and the kid suddenly motionless . int . control room tanner stare at the kid 's freeze image on the monitor . tanner can you isolate and voice - print the last sixty audio-bit of both play - back ? Emma punch in the command . the sound of the kid 's laugh , play alongside the sound of laughter from the maze run . tanner stare at the voice print on the audio-board . tanner better get halden down here . CUT to : int . night CITY - STREET christoph hurry down the street , the sound of nearby party echoing all around he . he turn the corner , find himself in a -- ext . dead -end alley a holographic map of night City shimmer in front of he . disembodied friendly voice ( o.s. ) you be here . ( a red X glow on the map ) to reach the club district simply turn around and head east on crimson Street . ( dot line show the path ) to reach the mardi gras , simply -- christoph reach through the holograph , slide a access card into a all but invisible slot in the wall . the map disappear as the wall slide open . christoph head through the open -- int . pitch darkness christoph 's voice echoing through the blackness . christoph's voice ( o.s. ) light . the light snap on , revealing christoph stand at the entrance of a long utility tunnel which snake down under the ground . CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room halden , dex , and tanner watch as Emma play back the maze run . tanner that 's the runner 's laugh . Emma play back the kid 's interrogation . the kid laugh . tanner that 's the kid 's laugh . ( beat ) we run voice-print . it 's not the same person . everyone stare at he . CUT to : int . night CITY - tunnel christoph sprint through the tunnel . it wind around into -- int . digital employee storage CENTER a large room full of reserve employee . motionless waiter , bartender , playmate and bellhop stack along long rack , stare out into space with empty eye . christoph race through the room to the stair in the back . CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room halden still stare at tanner , realize -- halden two maze runner . tanner ( nod ) someone send the kid a copy of the access program , then run the maze at the same time the kid do , use the same code . emma why ? tanner because that way , the system only register a single runner . ( beat ) we go after the kid , leave the other person free and clear to do whatever the hell they want . a long terrify beat for this to sink in . CUT to : ext . night CITY - stair christoph rush down the stair and into -- int . hallway a pair of guard stand sentry in front of a large door . guard need to see you work order , sir -- christoph nod , slamm he fist into the guard 's wind - pipe with deadly force , then spin , snap the second guard 's neck . CUT to : int . VSI corporate build - interface room the guard 's flesh and blood body twitching , then fall still as the bio-monitors tracking they brain activity flatline . a alarm pound the room . Medical technician rush to the body . CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room a warning light erupting on a console . a stunne engineer stare at he screen . engineer ( call out ) two internal down right outside the nexus . the room spin silent . everyone stare at the monitor which show the two guard lay dead on the floor . halden snap at Emma . halden pull up the nexus -- CUT to : int . night CITY - hallway - continuous christoph punch number into the door 's keypad . a buzzing , then the door open for he . he pull a hooded mask from he pocket , throw it over he head as he rush inside -- int . the nexus CENTER a large room dominate by a web of catwalk provide access to the several storey worth of program panel lining the wall . CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room everyone stare at the monitor as the hood intruder race down a catwalk and open a program panel . Inside be a program keyboard and screen . the intruder begin type on the keyboard . emma ( stunne ) Jesus Christ , he 's interface . tanner spin to halden . tanner eject the system ! dex ( jump in ) be you crazy ?! tanner you do not have a choice , he 's interface with a core program -- dex -- try to interface . halden nod , siding with dex . halden he will not get through the security code . dex ( to Emma ) get every cop who 's in the area . tell they to rip this fucker out of there . tanner wo not be time if he get access -- halden -- he will not . his tone clearly indicate end of discussion . CUT to : int . night CITY - nexus CENTER christoph , still wear the hood mask , whistle the Lord 's hymn as he finger dance across the keyboard . emma's voice ( o.s. ) Internal Police in position -- halden' voice ( o.s. ) -- send them in ! several dozen Internal cop rush in through the door -- christoph 's up above they on a catwalk -- the cop sprinting up the stair after he -- christoph type as fast as he can , furiously try to break through the security code -- CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - continuous everyone 's eye glue to the monitor . watch the cop split into two group . christoph 's in the middle of a catwalk . cop charge he from either direction . CUT to : int . night CITY - nexus CENTER - continuous christoph 's finger blur over the keyboard -- the cop get closer and closer -- christoph type as fast as he can -- the cop be just heartbeat away -- nothing christoph can do -- suddenly stop type -- smallest flicker of a smile . spin to face one of the charge group of cop . christoph ( genuinely ) I be sorry . laser cannon materialize in christoph 's hand -- the cop 's face freeze in stunne terror . laser cannon erupt -- blast through the cop -- sharp scream of pain as body drop -- christoph spin . fire on the other group -- CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - interface room the internal cop ' real body line up in they interface seat . one by one , down the line , twitching , like some grotesque rockettes show . screen monitoring brain activity flatline -- alarm pound the room . Medical technician rush to body . but nothing can be do . the cop suffer full cerebellum arrest . instant brain death . int . VSI corporate headquarters - continuous everyone watch the massacre in stunne horror . tanner the first to react , yell at the engineer -- tanner eject the system ! engineer turn to halden . halden do it ! engineer reach for he command console . dex spin , flash of steel , laser hiss -- burn a neat hole in the back of the engineer 's head , drop he dead . halden whip around , stare at dex , shocked . the control room 's security force pull laser on dex , but he ignore they as he fire into the eject console -- spark fly as metal disintegrate . twisted remain of circuitry . Security guard open up fire , laser carve up dex 's body -- dex die , face freeze in a jeer smile . int . night CITY - nexus CENTER silence . none of the cop alive to scream . christoph 's surround by twisted body , blood pool at he foot . his eye burn in genuine anguish . CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room tanner spin to a engineer , motion to christoph 's image on the monitor . tanner run a trace . engineer nod , begin the trace . tanner stare down at dex 's corpse , then up at halden -- tanner ( realize ) he have access to the key -- halden -- yes . halden move away , that 's all he 's go to say . the engineer look up at tanner , shaking he head . engineer guy 's get one hell of a relay go . he motion to the multiple grid pop - up on the screen . each grid show a different location from around the world . engineer we be go to have to search through each possible grid to find he . it 's go to take a while . tanner study the screen as if it be a chess board . Long beat , before -- tanner grid fourteen . engineer how do you know ? tanner it 's the most recursive . take the longest to search . ( beat ) if he 's smart , that 's where he be . engineer shrug , might as well try . eliminate the rest of the grid . engineer let 's hope he 's smart . CUT to : int . night CITY - nexus CENTER christoph turn back to the program panel and punch in command . he move with the confident sense of someone who have total control . CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room halden stand over Emma , watch as she inspect the smoking remain of the console . halden how long ' till we can eject ? emma we be go to have to reconfigure . halden how long ? emma at least a day . not what halden want to hear . for the first time , a look of real panic in he eye . the engineer snap he eye up to tanner , impressed . engineer you call it . Dead center in the grid . tanner how far away ? the trace matrix flash a single - point coordinate . engineer two hundred and sixty - one kilometer . tanner and halden exchange a look . smallest flicker of hope . tanner we can be there in fifteen minute and rip he off the system . halden go ! ext . VSI corporate headquarters - roof - moment later tanner and the assault team rush to the wait jet - copter . CUT to : int . night CITY - nexus CENTER christoph have resume hum the Lord 's hymn . his finger racing over the keyboard , cause -- CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room all hell to break lose . alarm pounding the room . monitor go blank , engineer punch key in futile frustration . engineer he 's lock - it up ! emma completely seal -off . no one get in and no one get out . engineer system 's run on pure auxiliary . halden how long ? Emma 's eye spin down to a monitor . emma just over two million people plugge - in. ( run the calculation ) system can run seven hour before it crash . slowly look up at halden . emma then everyone die . CUT to : int . jet -copter - continuous the copter claw its way through the savage storm . CUT to : int . night CITY - nexus CENTER christoph strip off he mask and grab a tele - com from a fall cop . he calmly turn to the monitor . christoph ( into tele - com ) put on halden . CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room Emma try to hand she tele - com to halden , but he 's freeze in place , eye lock on the monitor . christoph , on the monitor , smile at halden . halden look like he 's stare at a ghost . finally take Emma 's tele - com . halden ( into tele -com ) this be halden . christoph ( on monitor ) halden , how nice to hear you voice . halden ( into tele -com ) what do you want ? christoph ( on monitor ) I have find in life that what one want be not nearly as important as what one need . halden ( into tele - com ) ( evenly ) what do you need ? christoph ( on monitor ) I need to take back what 's mine . halden stare at he , try to keep he voice calm . halden ( into tele -com ) there be two million people in there with you . christoph ( on monitor ) yes . halden ( into tele -com ) they have nothing to do with this -- christoph ( on monitor ) -- two million people lose in the digital night . what do they seek ? christoph wait for a answer . none be offer . christoph ( on monitor ) do they seek escape ? the comfort of eternal night ? or perhaps it 's more . ( beat ) unanswer sin . the taste of death . he turn to the keyboard , programming -- CUT to : int . night CITY - sky - continuous a small burst of fire fall from the corner of the sky . ext . night club - roof the flame drift down , searing straight through the roof -- int . night club - continuous the place be pack full of people . the fire swirl down , look like part of the light show . int . nexus CENTER christoph 's watch the night club on he monitor . a flicker of private torment in he eye at what he know be come . int . night club - continuous the flame drift down onto a young woman -- drop she to the dance floor , writhe in torture anguish . she yell for help through the slowest of death as the flame burn through she body . CUT to : ext . san francisco - telegraph hill - continuous the San Francisco VSI public interface center sit perch under the shadow of coit Tower . int . san francisco interface CENTER - continuous thousands of customer lie motionless in interface seat . the soft glow of bio-monitors check vital sign . one of the monitor begin to buzz . several medical technician rush over , whipping a curtain around the interface seat . it 's the young woman from the night club . her eye thrust back in she head , body contort in searing pain . then finally , mercifully , it 's over . her body limp , bio-monitors show she brain activity flatline . CUT to : int . night CITY - night club - continuous more fire cascade down through the roof . the dancer scream in panic , push and shove to get out of there but the door lock , trapping they inside . CUT to : int . VSI corporate build - control room halden 's watch on the monitor as the flame rain down . halden ( into tele - com ) ( yell ) God - damn you ! christoph ( from monitor ) yes , I believe he have -- halden ( into tele -com ) -- you have make you point ! you have get control of the system . int . night CITY - nexus CENTER christoph nod , punch in command for -- int . night CITY - night club the fire flicker , then disappear . no one else have to die . int . VSI corporate headquarters - control room christoph turn back from the keyboard , look out at halden . christoph ( on monitor ) but instinct be so hard to over - ride . ( matter -of - fact ) your will be to try and send someone in to stop I . halden say nothing . christoph ( on monitor ) the system 's lock - up , so the only way in be through the maze . ( stare at he ) which be why I have change it . you access program will no longer work . he scoops up the laser cannon , aim for a program panel . halden 's mind spin , try one last tact . halden ( into tele - com ) system 's run on auxiliary . only seven hour before it crash . christoph ( on monitor ) true . halden ( into tele -com ) you be in there . everybody die , you go with they -- christoph ( on monitor ) -- but do not you remember ? ( point ) I be already dead . he spin , laser cannon hissing . destroy the program panel , cause the rest of the control room 's monitor to plunge into darkness . sudden , eerie silence as the corporation be now completely cut off from night City . CUT to : int . jet -copter - continuous the jet-copter shudder through the storm . lightn slashing at the night . Pilot 's eye on the nav-grid . flash red . pilot ( to tanner ) we be right above he . search light pound the darkness . glint off some large metal object . it look like a steeple . ext . church - continuous the jet-copter drop through the tempest , landing in the field across from the church . int . church - continuous powerful search light scream through the stain glass window , wash the church in a ethereal mosaic of color . the sound of the storm crash into the wall . a flash of lightning revealing the door and window have all be rig with trip wire booby trap . ext . church - continuous tanner lead the assault team as they rush across the field . int . church the door crash open as tanner and the man charge in . the trip wire break . a explosion -- of sound as organ music suddenly blare out . record of a choir kick in , heavenly voice blast from all direction . the assault team stand rigid in place , stare up at -- christoph hang crucifixion style from the blood - streak cross . he be dead , a wire run from he finger down to a portable computer on the alter . CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - continuous halden hurry down the hallway with Emma at he side . halden have communication contact all interface center . tell they due to high demand , we be at full capacity and so temporarily there 's no room for anyone else on the system . emma what about the customer with reservation ? halden have the staff apologize profusely and issue credit voucher . ( adamant ) but remember , it 's a capacity problem . that 's all . Emma nod , understand . halden and send someone through the maze . she stare at he , not sure she hear this right . emma the maze have be change -- halden ( snap ) -- he say the maze have be change . I need to know for sure . he turn the corner , disappear out the door before she can respond . CUT to : int . church - continuous the assault team take christoph 's corpse off the cross and lay he out on the alter . assault team leader ( stare at tanner ) think you be just talk to this guy ? tanner we be . assault team leader yeah , well feel this fucker 's skin . Ice cold . ( try to understand ) I guarantee you this sonofabitch 's be dead at least half a day . a beat for this to sink in . everybody stare at christoph 's corpse like they be look at the Devil . CUT to : int . night CITY - nexus CENTER christoph punch a command into the keyboard . body and the blood disappear , leave no sign of the kill . sound of clap . christoph whirl . it 's dex . dex ah , the perk of paradise . so easy to hide you guilt . both man stare at each other . christoph remember , I be not the one who choose this . dex yes , so which one of we do that make the coward ? a deadly smile on christoph 's lip as he let this one go . he turn and head down the catwalk . dex where the hell be you go ? christoph unfinish business . dex and what about the reconfiguration ? christoph perfect opportunity for you to demonstrate you continue worth . christoph disappear down the stair . dex lean over the railing , wait until christoph come out onto the ground floor , yell to he -- dex you sure he 's go to come ? christoph ( call back ) it 's he nature . dex but what if he do not -- christoph -- he will . he head out through the door . CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - interface room Emma watch as a engineer climb into a interface seat . emma you do not have to run the whole thing . just probe the first few second . engineer piece of cake . he give she a thumb - up , no point in show the fear . then stick he finger into the connect - box . int . the net - continuous blackness of the void . a blink of a light . colorless . Racing into the maze -- a explosion of color and shape hurtle all around with blur speed -- the engineer navigate around the first corner , cut a safe path , the " key " seem to be work , only -- suddenly everything shifting . get the hell out of there . only behind he , the maze morph -- dizzy design of color . breath -taking beauty . close in on he . nowhere to run -- flash of bright light . the sound of a torture scream . then nothing . silence ... CUT to : ext . church - continuous the rain have start to slow . the assault team 's outside , smoking cigarettes , bullshit with each other , try to forget what they see in there , as -- int . church - continuous tanner probe through christoph 's blood stain computer . stop on a program . complex code flash down the screen . tanner Voice activate . synthetic voice ( from computer ) activate . tanner Program name ? synthetic voice resurrection . tanner describe program function . a soft whir as the machine check . synthetic voice resurrection . tanner stare at the code , he face tear with revulsion . CUT to : int . night CITY - nexus dex stand alone in the middle of the nexus . he punch a command into the programming panel , cause the small roll of fat to disappear from he gut . he smile in satisfaction , then throw in another command . his hair thicken , fleck of gray evaporate . he enter one last command . last fifteen year of line melting from he face . CUT to : int . church - continuous the roar of a jet-copter fill the church . tanner snap he eye out a window . halden and he man pour from the copter . tanner whip he attention back to the computer , talk as fast as he can . tanner transmit copy of program via satellite north uplink . synthetic voice destination ? tanner tanner-eighteen-six-two-nine . synthetic voice check connection . CUT to : ext . tanner's warehouse loft - continuous the place be dark and empty . the storm crash against the window as the wall monitor snap on to the garble sound of machine talk to each other . CUT to : int . church - continuous tanner stare out the window , watch as halden and company rush toward the church . synthetic voice connection approve . ready to transmit -- tanner -- transmit now ! CUT to : int . tanner's warehouse loft - continuous the program code racing down the monitor . CUT to : int . church - continuous halden and he man head straight for the alter , stare down at christoph 's corpse in disgust . tanner 's eye burn into halden . tanner you have no right ! halden calmly turn to face he . halden you be jump to conclusion . tanner he 's not plugge - into the system . he 's in the fuck system ! halden do not argue . tanner who the hell do you think you be -- halden snap a silent command for he man to clear out . he wait until they be out the door before turn back to tanner . halden we catch he work on neural map transfer . we dig through he system . he be try to transfer genetic module into data-molds . his employment be instantly terminate . ( seemingly genuine ) corporate hand be clean . tanner 's eye dig into he . tanner try harder . halden christoph have spinal cancer . his body keep rejecting gene therapy . he be desperate . ( insist ) it be he , it be not we -- tanner -- I see the program . this freeze halden . tanner corporate fingerprint all over it . halden of course they be . ( explain ) christoph be steal every piece of code he could get he hand on . tanner and you be not involved . it take all of tanner 's energy to hold back the rage . tanner because why the hell would you be interested in a program that allow people to live inside you machine ? ( lock eye with he ) I mean how much profit could there possibly be from own the universe and sell space in it to people who be die , or people who be just God - damned sick of this world -- halden -- come on , you know f.c.o. reg . anyone catch with they R and D hand in the bio-digitization cookie jar spend the rest of they life in federal penitentiary . ( swear ) it 's not worth it . tanner study halden for several long beat , then shake he head . tanner you be loose you touch . ( point ) use to be a hell of a lot harder to know when you be lie . he turn and head for the door as -- halden he seal - off the system . tanner do not stop , almost near the door . halden the only way to eject it be from the inside . tanner ( without turn ) you have get the key , send someone in -- halden -- christoph change the maze . this freeze tanner . halden I need someone who can run it blind . search light blare through the stain glass window , smear tanner 's face in color . halden two million people in there , tanner . tanner slowly turn around . halden and if the system crash , they all get to spend the rest of they life hook - up to God - damn coma machine . tanner stare at he . no choice . halden smile . tanner one condition . halden what ? tanner the truth . halden study tanner . no negotiation . halden 's smile fade . CUT to : int . night CITY - the terrace - penthouse - continuous the penthouse apartment be completely barren except for a beige couch . christoph's voice ( o.s. ) enlarge to one-hund and seventy . the couch increase in size . christoph's voice ( o.s. ) bump to one-hund and eighty . the couch get a little bigger . christoph sit on the floor , study the image of a couch which flicker on the screen of the small rectangular viewer he hold . christoph off-white pleat . the pleat appear on the couch across from he . CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - a little later halden escort tanner down the corridor . a small knot of guard stand rigidly in front of a office . halden nod to they and they unlock the door , step away . int . christoph's office halden motion tanner into christoph 's office . halden exactly as christoph leave it . the office be perfectly clean and organize . a dialysis machine next to the desk . several computer . Wall size monitor . tanner look through the desk . a couple of disk . empty morphine vial . a hypodermic . not much else . the work table dominate by a scale model of a building . tanner what be it ? halden the Terrace . first building christoph ever program for we . tanner a hotel ? halden it 's not use for anything . tanner look up at he for a explanation . halden christoph be a brilliant programmer , but very eccentric . ( beat ) he insisted it be keep vacant . tanner why ? halden he would not say . tanner stare at he . CUT to : int . the terrace - penthouse - continuous the apartment be now fully furnish in perfect Park Avenue chic . int . bedroom - continuous christoph sit in a antique chair across from the large canopy bed , stare in rapt fascination at -- int . viewer screen various unconnected image flash by in dream - like quality : a young freckle - face boy be tuck into bed . a rat-hole of a apartment , break window , and blood stain wall . two teenage boy with baseball bat beat the shit out of a young girl . a sickly look man take a shower . a black dress be pull from a store rack , a hand turn around the tag so the price can be see . the dress be quickly put back -- int . bedroom christoph look up from the viewer , he eye slide to the closet . CUT to : int . VSI build - christoph's office - continuous halden watch as tanner probe through christoph 's computer file . tanner christoph be in charge of design building module . halden that 's right . tanner then what 's with all the staffing program in he account ? halden good question . tanner look up , but halden be not go to give he any help on this one . the computer screen flash image of waiter , waitress , host , playmate , bell - boy . tanner stare at the picture of digital employee whipping across the screen , slowly realize ... tanner module . he stare back up at halden . tanner take you a long time to build a staffing program from the bottom up . halden 's not say a damn word . tanner look disgust as he put it together . tanner be a hell of a lot easier to digitize a real person , then strip they down to a module you can use to make as many employee program as you need . halden ( long beat ) yes , in theory , I suppose that would work . but tanner be not interested in theory , he eye tear into he . tanner who do he digitize ? halden listen to yourself . digitization . ( smile ) you know that officially that 's a pure fantasy -- tanner -- who do he digitize ?! a freeze beat , then halden meet tanner 's stare . halden christoph have complete autonomy . ( seemingly genuine ) because I do not want to know . he snap off the computer , signal the end of the conversation . CUT to : int . night CITY - the terrace - bedroom - continuous the candle - opera have be place on the dresser , bathing the room in golden light . gena materialize on the bed . she be naked . she look around the room disorientate . a long beat , then she climb to she foot , move unsteadily across the hardwood floor . it be almost as if she be drunk . she freeze as she catch she reflection in the mirror . she look surprised that she be naked . int . walk -in closet the closet be full of clothes . she stare at they with a puzzle expression , then pull a dress off a hanger . it be the black dress that be see in the viewer . CUT to : int . VSI headquarters - hallway Emma stand in front of the interface room , wait for tanner and halden as they head down the hallway toward she . she hold up a mini-disk for tanner to see . emma we be send you in with a top - level access card . it will get you into every program , include the core . halden lock eye with tanner . halden obviously , not something christoph should get he hand on . tanner nod as they head inside -- int . interface room Emma lead they across the room to a interface seat . emma we have rig the card so it should stay attach to you as you run the maze . ( beat ) so once you materialize inside , it should be on the ground right next to you . tanner good . she load the mini-disk into the interface seat . emma with the access card it should be easy . all you have get to do be get into the core program and hot- wire the eject sequence . ( warn ) but be prepare , it will be a hard eject -- a technician wheel up he medi-cart . emma all the infrastructure get dumped , then everyone 's rip out into the net . tanner nod , then turn he attention to the technician . tanner adrenaline . 140 cc 's . medical technician ( fill the syringe ) man like he juice . tanner and once I be through , bring I down fast with dexaline . medical technician ( under he breath ) if you get through ... Emma shoot he a hard look . technician shrug , call it as he see it . tanner roll up he sleeve as he climb into the interface seat . tanner let 's do it -- the technician stick the needle into tanner 's arm . only a beat before the adrenaline hit tanner 's system . his body shaking , eye roll back in he head . the technician eye the bio-monitor , wait until tanner be peak before plunging tanner 's finger into the connect - box . int . the net - blackness slice of color racing toward we . hyper-fast . tanner hurtle toward it . explosion of light . blind intensity . tanner rip through the maze , navigate at dizzying speed through the interlock pattern . dodging and twist through the blur of obstacle . under it all , a sound . almost a voice . female . too feint to hear . Calling out ' tanner ' . drop down . into the maze 's heart . line slamm at he . no way to beat it , only he 's -- spin between the line . always change . too fast to see . make it down into -- the center of the maze . a intricate pattern so dense it look like a solid , impenetrable wall of light -- the wall collapse in on tanner . no escape -- he rocket straight into it . inevitable death -- only he scream straight up , twist , spin , hurtle through the tinniest of fracture and out the other side into -- nothingness . empty blackness . then the muffle sound of breathe . dull thud of a heartbeat , follow by music . louder and louder . a hard drive samba . a thick mist cover flutter image . there be people here . too many of they . scream . a hideous sound . int . night CITY - marde gras square tanner materialize in the midst of the pulsing street party . ornate costume . vivid color . crush of celebrant gyrate to the music . the access card materialize on the ground next to he . tanner pick up the card , he eye blink , fight for clarity . but the adrenaline pound he vision . everything distort . grotesque ... a face cut through the chaos . angelic beauty . Katie -- tanner stare at she . she see he , face break into a smile . CUT to : int . night CITY - penthouse - live room - continuous gena , wear the black dress , stumble out of the bedroom and around the live room in grow confusion . christoph sit on the couch , calmly watch she . she finally turn to he . gena it 's all here ... christoph ( proud ) yes . she shake she head , stunne . gena but it 's everything . everything I have see . everything I have want ... ( barely audible ) only I know about all of this -- her eye suddenly freeze at the photo on the mantle . they be she photo . baby picture . High school graduation . wedding photo . she be beginning to tremble . the doorbell ring . several digital waiter and waitress head out of the kitchen , carry silver trays of hor d'oeuvre and champagne . christoph stand , kissing gena on the cheek . christoph the guest be here . gena ( whisper ) guest ? christoph just like you always want . a digital jazz band materialize in the corner . christoph get out of South dakota and move to New York where you can throw cocktail party in you Park Avenue apartment . she 's try to process all of this , but it 's too overwhelming . the only word she can manage be -- gena but this be impossible . christoph that 's the grace of this world . ( smile ) nothing 's impossible . the doorbell ring again . he motion to she bare foot . christoph better get some shoe on . he turn to answer the door . CUT to : int . VSI build - interface room - continuous the medical technician 's eye be glue to the bio - monitor . medical technician ( amaze ) he make it ! son-of -a-bitch actually run it ! Emma 's eye involuntarily flick down to she watch . emma just under five hour leave before it crash . halden 's face be impassive , revealing nothing . the medical technician shoot tanner up with dexaline . CUT to : int . night CITY - marde gras square - continuous tanner be still fight he way to Katie . she 's laugh , urging he on . the dexaline start to clear he consciousness . he 's finally able to focus . the street . building . and Katie . only it 's not Katie . just someone that look a little like she . the woman laugh with she companion . tanner stand freeze in the middle of the street . he look out of place . haunted eye in the midst of wild celebration . he quickly turn and head out of the square . CUT to : int . the terrace - hallway about a dozen well - dress guest stand wait outside . they all hold invitation . the door open and christoph greet they with a warm smile . christoph please , come on in . as they head into the apartment , the elevator arrive in the hall , bring more people . christoph usher in this new group , then slip into the elevator . int . apartment - continuous gena still stand barefoot in the middle of the room . the band start up , pour sultry jazz throughout the room . more and more people be filter inside . gena stand there rigid , a sense of grow panic in she eye . she can feel people beginning to stare at she . someone pop open a champagne bottle . sound of laughter . more guest arrive . a man in the corner smile at she , beckone she over . she back away from he , move unsteadily through the party and out the door . CUT to : ext . the terrace - roof top garden - continuous gena remain asleep on the brass bed . the sound of distant jazz music fill the air , waking she up . as she eye open , she see christoph head silently toward she . he motion for she to close she eye . christoph it 's okay , go back to sleep . but something about he voice set she on edge . gena what 's happen ? christoph ( soothing ) nothing , go back to sleep . but she see the glint of steel in he hand . the laser he have hide down by he side . she bolt upright -- gena what the hell 's go on ?! he look uncomfortable , this be not a confrontation he be expect . finally ... christoph it 's time to wake up . gena wake up ?! christoph from the dream . she do not know what the hell he 's talk about and she do not want to know . she fly off the bed , only -- he move with blur speed , grab she , throw she back onto the bed . she 's plead now . gena do not fuck do this . I have get a son . I be all he 's get . so do not you dare fuck do this -- hiss of a laser . burn a hole right between she eye . a blood trickle smear the mattress . christoph 's face be a study in anguish . the jazz music still bathing the roof . he whip around . gena stand across the roof stare at he . the digitize gena , the one who be barefoot and wear the black dress . she be shaking , she face white as a ghost . christoph it 's okay . digital gena ( barely audible ) okay ... christoph ( reassure ) it 's all be transfer . she do not understand . he move to she , he voice impassion . christoph genetic code . consciousness . unconsciousness . every single dream . every kiss , real or imagine . the shadow of she soul . it 's all in you . she stare at he , she voice tremble . digital gena why ? christoph to live forever . his face burn with compassion as he explain . christoph people plug-into this world , but remain link to they flesh and blood body . such a encumbrance . ( beat ) even if they body be keep on machine , nourish by iv 's , the law of nature eventually will be respected . the body grow old and die . then they be go from both world . somewhere deep inside , she be beginning to understand . but it bring she no comfort . christoph head for the elevator , motion for she to follow . but she do not . digital gena she say I have a son ... christoph no , she say she have a son . ( quiet ) in a dream she once call life . she stare at he . digital gena how come I can not remember ? christoph because I take it out of you memory . digital gena ( beat ) why -- christoph ( spin on she ) -- because there will be no remorse . not in my world . a private darkness in he eye as he turn and disappear into the elevator , leave she alone on the roof . the sound of party echoing through the night . CUT to : ext . night CITY - STREET tanner move down the crowded street , pass -- ext . the gate a grow mob of angry people bottleneck out front . hostess the gate be temporarily close for routine maintenance . but they will reopen soon -- older man -- be say that for a hour , now ! hostess it will not be much longer . ( cheerful ) and we do appreciate you patience . distraught woman but I need to get back now . I have get to pick my kid up from school ! the hostess keep smile , it 's all she 's program to do . hostess to help make the short wait more enjoyable , drink be on the house across the street at Dante 's tavern . but there be no taker . everyone keep they place in line as this people need to get home . tanner cut through the crowd , he eye burn with determination . CUT to : ext . night CITY - tivoli park tanner move pass the carnival and be about to turn the corner , but stop as he catch a glimpse of a familiar building . the Terrace be right across the street . the building be dark except for the flash light from the top floor . tanner stare up at the light . int . the terrace - lobby the marble lobby be like a museum . priceless painting and tapestry fill the wall . tanner head through the lobby and into -- int . outdoor glass elevator he push the button for the penthouse . the elevator glide effortlessly up the side of the building . the color light of night City swirl through the glass . int . the terrace - penthouse tanner slowly step inside . he 's tense , not really know what to expect . the party be in full -sw . someone offer tanner champagne but he decline . he look around the room , he eye stop on the mantle . he pick up one of the photo of gena -- older woman you look for she ? tanner look up at the woman . older woman she go up . tanner up ? older woman ( point ) to the roof . ext . the terrace - roof tanner move slowly across the roof , the candle throw flicker image across he face . he stop at the brass bed . it be empty save for the blood stain . gena's voice ( o.s. ) you work for they , do not you . tanner spin . the digital gena sit in the corner . she try to force a smile . digital gena that would explain you little disappear act in the bar . he take a slow , cautious step toward she . tanner what happen here -- digital gena -- he work for they too , do not he ? tanner ( beat ) who ? digital gena the sonofabitch who do this . she pierce she arm with a broach pin . she do not bleed . digital gena ( quiet shame ) I be not real , be I ? he stare at she , do not know the answer to that one . she meet he stare , terrify of the answer . digital gena and I can not go back , can I ? tanner wish he could lie . but can not . tanner that 's right . she absorb this in steely silence . longest of beat . digital gena he fail . she stare at he , try to keep back the emotion . digital gena I be make a sandwich . just like my mom would . it 's raining outside . the sandwich be not for I . it 's for he . and that make I feel something . ( barely audible ) no word for it . but I will never forget . her eye be wet . her voice come out in a torture whisper . digital gena all the memory around he be still there ... he watch she , torment by the fact that he can not find anything comforting to say . she turn she eye out into the night , give he silent permission to leave . ext . the terrace - moment later the elevator deposit tanner down on the street as the tivoli 's firework show start overhead . color explosion raining down as tanner disappear into the night . int . dead - end alley - a little later tanner head into the alley . a holographic map of night City shimmer in front of he . disembodied friendly voice ( o.s. ) you be here . ( red X glow on the map ) to reach the club district , simply turn around and head -- tanner reach through the holograph , slide he access card into the slot on the wall . the map disappear as the wall open . int . darkness tanner 's voice call out . tanner's voice ( o.s. ) light . the light flicker on as tanner race down the tunnel , sprinting around the bend and into -- int . digital employee storage CENTER the long row of storage rack be empty , the reserve employee no longer there . tanner stare uneasily at the barren rack as he make he way through the room and down the stair into -- int . hallway tanner slide he access card into the door . it open for he , revealing -- int . nexus CENTER the place be buzzing with activity . dex supervise a army of digital employee as they move across the catwalk rewiring the program panel with cable . tanner silently slip into the room and up the -- int . stair tanner make he way up around the corner , suddenly come face to face with a waiter -- only unlike the usual polite cheerfulness program into night City 's waiter , this guy have be give a hard , glaring face . the waiter pull he laser -- tanner hurl himself forward , knock both of they to the floor . it 's tanner who manage to come up with the gun . the waiter squeezing tanner 's throat with savage force as tanner fire , again and again . the waiter twitching , then fall motionless . his body slice with hole but not bleed . tanner pocket the gun and head up the stair -- int . catwalk the catwalk be crawl with digital employee , all of they armed . int . stair tanner take a deep breath , then walk right out onto -- int . catwalk tanner walk briskly , eye down on the steel grate , assume the attitude of someone who belong there . he open a program panel , type command into the keyboard . synthetic voice ( from program ) food and service program sub-six . access code require . tanner pull out he access card and slide it into the panel . a click sound as data glitter across the screen . tanner steal a quick look around . dex be head out onto the catwalk . he have he back turn to tanner and have not see he yet . tanner spin back to the program , data still whipping across the screen . tanner silently urge it on , faster and faster . and finally it buzze -- synthetic voice access grant . ( beat ) male or female ? tanner male . synthetic voice waiter , busboy , maitre - De -- tanner -- waiter . dex be now turn in tanner 's direction . synthetic voice Standard , modern , upscale -- tanner -- Standard . synthetic voice scan body type . tanner turn to the wall , try to keep he face hide as dex approach . Long freeze beat . dex be almost right on top of he -- the program buzze -- tanner be now wear a waiter 's uniform . dex 's hand slam down on the back of tanner 's shoulder -- tanner tense , hand reach for he laser , only -- dex twist tanner 's head so it 's look up at the open program panel . dex keep this one shut , we be not wiring it . tanner nod , keep he back turn to he . dex move on , continue with he inspection . tanner pull the access card from the program and head back to the -- int . stair tanner , still in a waiter 's uniform , head up to the -- int . fifth floor catwalk he move to another program panel and open it , type into the keyboard . synthetic voice core program . access code require . tanner start to slide in the access card but freeze . still heartbeat . tanner whirl to the side . christoph be a hair 's breath away . perfectly still . calm smile of someone who 's be stand there a while . christoph a honor . the legend visit . tanner 's hand dive for he laser . christoph mistake -- tanner be fast . but christoph 's a blur . Beyond human speed . snap the laser from tanner 's hand and fling it harmlessly down the catwalk . christoph turn , regard tanner with genuine respect . christoph Maker of the perfect maze . impossible to run . so many try , none succeed . yet , you be here . ( impressed ) you succeed . tanner stare at he , try to understand . tanner the pattern be move around , but they be not change . christoph true . but why ? he let the question hang there , then take a step toward tanner . christoph halden send man to kill I in my sleep , but simple illusion win out . ( beat ) so he now send the legend to finish the deed . tanner no . christoph then what ? tanner be silent . christoph 's eye burn into he . christoph eject the system ? christoph step even closer . tanner can feel he breath . christoph but what would happen to I ? I have no body to return to . tanner not my problem . christoph so wrong -- he move so fast , impossible for tanner to react . pick up tanner and hurl he down the catwalk . tanner crash hard into the steel grate . sear pain as he fight for a breath . he see he laser not that far away . tanner lunge , one fluid motion , grab the laser , spin and fire -- only christoph be no longer there . tanner 's shot burn through a wall . christoph be now on the other side of tanner . Foot blur down , pin tanner 's gun hand to the ground . christoph I will not die . not again . ( intense ) one of the perk of divinity . tanner stare at he . tanner divinity ? christoph yes . tanner you be not a God . christoph in here I be . no bravado in how he say it . merely a statement of fact . christoph God create man , man create technology , technology create god. ( beat ) end into beginning . tanner in a computer program . christoph the new world . tanner it 's not real . christoph not real ? his foot suddenly smash into tanner 's gut . christoph the pain be real . rip a steel pole from the railing and slam it into tanner . christoph deliciously real . he pull tanner to he foot . christoph and if I kill you ? dangle tanner over the railing . Hell of a drop . christoph you body could live up there . but on a machine . no mind . no dream . ( hiss ) so tell I this be not real . silence . pain spasm through tanner . woman' voice ( o.s. ) enough . a freeze beat . then christoph pull tanner back up to the catwalk . katie be there . tanner stare at she . she start to say something but christoph stop she cold with a look , then turn to tanner . christoph such a kind man , you employer . ( beat ) allow you to fall in love with a program . Katie can no longer look at tanner , she eye down on the grate . christoph but she be not a design program . not this angel . ( reverently ) we digitize she from flesh and blood . his eye flick from Katie to tanner . christoph I be go to tell you , but halden would not allow it . his nature demand no lose end . ( quietly ) so the flesh and blood Katie be kill . tanner 's face be a mask , revealing nothing . christoph lock eye with he . christoph yet she life on in here , mind , body and soul . his stare now rip into tanner -- christoph so you of all people , should know this world be just as real , if not more than the nightmare you call the real world . ( disgust ) people praying to god who do not listen . violence and decay . no rhyme or reason . to be young and tell you be die . nothing can be do . promise of life go . that will never happen here . tanner meet he stare . tanner you be the one who be die . christoph ( a whisper ) yes ... tanner 's eye burn with rage . tanner you seal off the system . when it crash , everyone die with you . christoph yes , but only in the dream they call life . tanner dream ?! christoph and all dream , no matter how appeal , must eventually end . tanner stare at he as if look at insanity . christoph smile , eerie calm as he turn to close the open program panel . tanner dive with savage speed , grab the laser from the ground . the nexus Center erupt with the SOUND of people pull gun -- katie tanner -- hundred of laser be train on tanner -- tanner grab christoph , use he as a shield , the laser jamme into christoph 's back . only christoph fade away . just like that . tanner stand expose on the catwalk . the sound of laser firing . tanner racing for cover . int . ground floor christoph materialize next to dex , watch up above as -- int . fifth floor catwalk laser carve the air around tanner . hiss and pop as chunks of metal disintegrate . tanner dive across the catwalk , throw himself down into the relative safety of -- int . stairwell tanner pull he laser as he race down the stair . int . ground floor christoph grab dex 's gun and calmly fire into a program panel . the panel spark , circuitry destroy , cause -- int . stairwell the stair to flicker , then disappear . tanner fall through empty space -- int . ground floor tanner crash hard to the ground with a explosion of pain . he come up limping as laser fire slam all around he , he hurl himself through the door and out into -- int . hallway he try to run but he leg buckle , send he sprawling to the floor . he pick himself up , claw he way up the stair -- int . hallway tanner be force himself to limp - run down the hallway , push himself as fast as he can . behind he , he can hear the footstep of dex and the man quickly gain on he . CUT to : int . the terrace - roof - continuous the party have migrate to the roof . the digital gena stand silently in the corner , stare out at the people . they all seem so happy . she grab a glass of wine from a pass waiter . she move out into the center of the roof , drink the wine and sway to the jazz music . several of the single man try to establish eye contact with she . she begin to smile . it 's the kind of smile that could turn to tear at any moment . a dreamy look on she face as she walk across the party and straight off the roof . falling through the night . ext . night CITY - sidewalk her bloodless body lay twisted on the ground . the soft breeze tug at she coat , open it enough to see the photo nestle against she chest . it 's a photo of gena as a small child . the saddest of smile ... CUT to : ext . dead -end alley tanner head out through the alley and into the -- ext . STREET his eye search for a place to hide . see the dance club across the street . tanner limp for the club as dex and he man come scream out of the alley in hot pursuit . int . hade dance club Strobe light slash the darkness . swirl sea of people . loud , angry , music . hard to make out face in the flash of illumination . tanner try to lose himself in the anonymity of the crowd . christoph have join dex and the man as they slice through the club , eye darting back and forth . tanner angle for the rear exit . a slam - dancer crash into he , send he sprawling to the floor . christoph cut across the club toward tanner . tanner try to stand but can not , he leg no longer able to hold he weight . he see christoph head toward he . tanner try to scramble out of the way . christoph 's eye be scan the face around he , and it appear he do not see tanner down on the floor . the song end , people stop dance . tanner find a table and hole up under it -- int . under the table tanner allow himself a deep breath . a sudden explosion of sound . tanner spin , laser point . but it 's just the next song start . tanner exhales . the table be no longer there . christoph have rip it off the ground and flung it out onto the dance floor . tanner swing the laser around . christoph ( shake he head ) halden 's little killer , who -- tanner fire ! the shot slam through christoph 's face but do absolutely no damage . christoph can not kill a God . tanner fire again . and again . the shot hit christoph but do not hurt he . christoph reach down , pull tanner to he foot . dex and the rest of the man crowd around , gun draw . christoph kiss tanner on the check , then step away . tanner look for a place to run to , but he 's surround . dex and the man fire -- Music drown out all sound . Strobe light carve quick burst of image . laser fire slamm through tanner -- hit from all side . again and again -- his eye strain to hold on to life . muzzle flash . more shot . tanner 's body twist . Music scream down from the heaven . laser rip through he body . eye finally go blank as he crumple to the floor . christoph motion to dex . christoph his access card . dex bend down for it , but suddenly freeze -- there 's no blood . not one single drop . dex whip he eye up to christoph in stunne realization -- dex son-of-a-bitch digitize himself ! but christoph 's no longer there -- CUT to : int . night CITY - nexus CENTER - continuous the real tanner stand on the catwalk , plugging he access card into the core program panel . data swirl across the screen . several long beat . disembodied voice ( from program ) access approve . tanner begin punch in the eject command . code streaking down the screen . he suddenly stop , grab he laser and whirl . a person in the shadow . tanner be about to shoot when the person step forward . it 's Katie . stand very still . watch he . his gun aim at she . katie you have to do this ? he slowly lower the weapon . katie someone you have to get back to ? tanner no . she nod , she eye aching . she step toward he , struggle for the word . katie I ask christoph to take it out of my memory . data smear down the program screen , reflect off she face . katie but he would not . her voice be suddenly very small and vulnerable . katie so every single time I close my eye it 's there . all of it . search he face . afraid of the answer . katie you ? Long beat . the word crawl from he throat . tanner I remember . she slowly reach out . touch he face . so familiar . katie be not it better than whatever you have wait for you up there ? he do not answer , he body suddenly shaking . a torture silence . her lip reach for he . christoph materialize on the catwalk -- rushing for tanner . speed of a demon -- tanner no longer think , merely reacting , spin and slamm in the last of the eject command -- christoph no -- but it 's too late . the god -awful noise , quickly get louder and louder . the sound of the end . the wall disappear . Katie 's eye lock on tanner , try hard to be brave , but it find a way out of she mouth . katie what happen to I -- he wish he know ... ext . night CITY - street the moon and star fade away . then the building . only the people leave . the light scream for they . everyone it touch , blast into emptiness . there be no escape from the light , it find everybody . int . nexus CENTER - continuous the light explode through . it touch christoph first , rip he into darkness . then Katie . then tanner -- int . the net - darkness for a still heartbeat , Katie 's face be visible -- before it smear into the silent blackness of the net as -- tanner be hurl into the darkness , spin toward the blink of cold color . CUT to : ext . manhattan - gloomy afternoon the rain have not let up . blankete the city in wet darkness . int . interface room - continuous tanner 's eye fight open . the room be full of shadow . very eerie . the sound of rain slamm against window . tanner force himself to sit . the shadow come into focus . they be empty interface chair . tanner be alone . he reach down , eject the mini-disk from the chair . ext . hallway - moment later tanner use the wall for balance as he push himself down the hallway . int . elevator - moment later he hit the button for the top floor . his eye start to clear as the rage burn through the fog . int . halden' office - continuous the room be dark . halden be behind he desk , stare out the window at the storm . the faintest of sound . halden do not look surprised . tanner be in the doorway . Dead silence . halden 's face erupt in one continual grin . halden there be never a doubt , buddy ! tanner step into the office , slamm shut the door behind he . halden keep that grin plaster on he lip . halden tanner come through ! tanner head straight for he . smell of violence . still smile , halden 's on he foot . a laser train on tanner . halden I just need the disk back , then we can put this whole thing behind we -- tanner rip away the weapon with savage speed , then grab halden by the wind - pipe and slam he back against the wall . tanner she be real ! halden try to say something , but all that come out be some awful garble noise . tanner you son-of -a-bitch ! halden 's face turn weird shade of red . then touch of blue . eye go slack . tanner finally let go . halden collapse , hack for air . a while to suck in enough to get out word . halden what do he tell you ? tanner the truth . halden ( shake he head ) not he style . tanner Katie be digitize . halden nod . tanner stare down at he . tanner then you have she kill . halden why would I do that ? tanner to hide the evidence . halden climb to he foot , struggle to regain some semblance of authority . halden we drugge she . so she would not remember . tanner try harder . halden there be no need to kill she . tanner then where be she ? halden come on tanner , think this through . tanner level the laser on he . halden she have no memory of it . she will not know who you be . tanner 's face tighten . tanner last time I ask . where be she ? halden stare at tanner . tanner will pull the trigger . halden blurt -- halden a interface attendant . tanner where ? halden Times Square . tanner nod , then fire the laser , again and again into -- the window . blow out the glass . tanner hurl the gun out into the storm . ext . hallway tanner hurry for the elevator . halden charge after he . halden one last piece of business . tanner do not stop . Elevator door open . halden need the disk back ! tanner insurance . halden insurance ? tanner ( hold up the disk ) if she 's alive , you get it back . he zip the disk into he jacket pocket as he step into -- int . elevator tanner jab at the button . the door slide shut . last thing tanner see be halden 's smile face . halden do not forget , tanner . ( amused ) she will not know who the hell you be -- door close . tanner be alone . halden 's word echoing around he . CUT to : ext . VSI corporate headquarters - moment later a solid sheet of rain drench the world . ext . time square - that day the rain seem even worse , pound the neon-strobe hell hole . it 's a mob scene outside of the VSI interface Center . aftermath of the system be eject . tanner slice through the crowd , fight he way inside . int . VSI interface station a small handful of overwhelm VSI employee pass out credit voucher to a crush of angry customer . tanner move through the crowd , search , but not find . work he way to the center , look everywhere , and finally -- Katie . in the back corner . manage to keep a professional calm as she hand out voucher . tanner be so close now he could touch she . she turn to he . wait for something . then finally ... katie I be sorry sir , we need you debit card before we can issue a credit -- tanner ( quiet intensity ) -- Katie . his eye burn into she 's . she look at he , confuse . katie do I know you ? Long beat . Truth tear at he . finally ... tanner lance stanworth . his father 's station wagon and sixteen year - old promise . she tense , study he face . katie you go to my high -school ? tanner no . katie then how do you know about -- tanner -- you tell I . katie what be you talk about ? the patron thrust debit card in she face . he practically have to yell to be hear . tanner you mother tell you you father die in a car crash . ( beat ) be not until you leave for college that you uncle finally tell you the truth . she 's stare at he . no longer notice anyone else . tanner most night you wake up cry . never know why . katie who be you ?! he motion toward the back . away from the people . int . back of the build - moment later Katie and tanner stand alone in the open doorway . outside , the storm smother the empty alley . tanner we work together on the inside . you be on my programming team -- katie -- the inside ? tanner night City . she stare at he like he 's crazy . katie I have never be inside . he look at she . katie my synapse would not connect . they say it happen with some people . a still silence as he 's suddenly not sure he should tell she . katie what ? he eye the ground . rivulets of light reflect off the black water . her voice pound into he . need to know . katie tell I -- he grab she arm , pull she out into -- int . back alley - continuous Dark storm batter they as he lead she into -- int . kinko be - continuous antiseptic light drip down onto the newest telecommunication toy . salary man and woman crowd the terminal . tanner lead Katie to the back . Old fashioned color xerox machine in the corner . he grab a price list . tanner they take you . slam the paper into the machine . punch the button . Machine kick out the xerox . tanner and make a copy . hold up the two piece of paper , side by side . tanner identical . one 's you . one 's digital . katie that 's not possible . no one can do that . tanner Corporation can . this hang there . Katie fight back believe . tanner that 's why they tell you you can not go inside . ( beat ) they can not have you run into she . katie her ? he hold up the xerox . tanner you . Katie stare at it , tremble , barely hold on . CUT to : int . bar - moment later tanner and Katie in the back . she 's still struggle to understand . katie you say we be on the same programming team . tanner yes . katie ( shake she head ) but I do not know anything about programming . tanner once they digitize you , they add it . she stare at he . katie why ? tanner it be a test . katie for what ? tanner 's face darken . work hard to stay emotionless . tanner to see how long it would take for I to realize . katie realize ? tanner ( quiet ) you be not real . she 's still stare at he . katie and how long do it take you ? his voice be suddenly very small . tanner they have to tell I . he 's suddenly no longer look at she . but she eye remain freeze on he . start to get it . katie it be more than work , be not it ? a long beat before he finally force himself to meet she stare . katie and it mean something . tanner ( barely audible ) yes . she nod , she eye aching . katie I do not know what that 's like . he 's look at she . like he 's do so many time . then he kiss she . she pull away . shake , try to say something , but it will not come out , so she kiss he back . a terrify connection . CUT to : int . tanner's warehouse loft - a little later mute light sift through the window . the door slide open . tanner and Katie silently enter . her mouth on he as she tug at he jacket . it fall to the floor . katie candle . get candle . she wait as he head into -- int . kitchen - continuous tear apart the cupboard . find several mismatch candle . grab match , return to -- int . hallway - continuous it 's empty . his coat have be pick up and neatly hang on the hook . he move into -- int . bedroom - continuous Katie 's sit on the bed , stare at he with tremble eye . katie pretend I be she . we be inside . ( quietly ) show I what it be like . sound of rain slamm into the window . he light the candle , throw wick shadow across the room . he turn to the bed look down at she . flicker of emotion . so much hold back . Falls down on top of she . both fully clothed . his mouth trace the line of she neck . her breath come faster . his hand roam she body . Raw passion . she flip he over , climb on top . kiss he . hungry . but suddenly stop . stare at he in troubled silence . tanner what ? katie Way you kiss I . SOUND of the rain drilling the metal wall . katie like you have do it so many time . he stare up at she , not sure how to answer . her voice wrap in darkness . katie I be not with you . tanner I know . katie but you be with I . tanner not you . a copy . katie what 's the difference ? the rain drum against the window . a jet-copter scream by overhead . he 's like a statue , watch she . something burn deep in she eye . move she mouth down to he . he 's not breathe . just stare at she . she kiss he . he erupt -- throw she off of he -- blurr into -- int . kitchen claw through the drawer for a knife . int . bedroom he return to the bed . she see the knife in he hand . katie what the hell 's go on -- he grab she arm . her eye now lock on he . katie you sure you want to do this ? he raise the knife . katie because this time can be different . ( plead ) this time we can stay together -- the blade flash down , pierce she flesh . no blood . not one single drop . she suddenly will not look at he . int . hallway he rush to he jacket , unzip the pocket , reach inside . it 's empty . no disk . whirl around . Katie stare at he from the bedroom . katie I be sorry . tanner sorry ?! katie there be no other choice . he come at she . eye wild . deadly . tanner none of this be real ! her voice now tremble . katie I do love you . she flicker . tear stain she eye . katie ( soft ) more than I should . then she 's no longer there . tanner be stand alone in the middle of the room . eye pound with rage . he spin , punch through the window ! Hand bloody , keep punch , harder and harder , until there 's no more glass leave . but the rain do not come into the room . stop by some invisible barrier . a primal scream rip from he throat . taste of the beast . he attack the wall , claw they down into darkness . christoph's voice ( o.s. ) I could not let you eject the system . tanner whirl . christoph stand across the room . christoph because I have see the world you would have return they to . he step toward tanner , voice rip with anguish . christoph and I have too much compassion for that . tanner slam he stare into he . tanner but this world do not last ! christoph calmly meet tanner 's stare . christoph what if it could ? the question hang there as the wall dissolve into nothingness , plunging they into -- ext . pitch blackness Jazz music pierce the darkness . then a flicker of light , expand out to -- ext . the terrace - roof - continuous the party be go . tanner and christoph stand alone on the roof , the light of night City spread out before they . christoph what if we take it out onto the net ? the question hang there . tanner shake he head , could not have hear it right . christoph unlimite energy out there . enough to run this world for all eternity -- tanner -- but you will never be able to get it through the maze . christoph I ? of course not . ( smile ) that 's why you be here . he lock eye with tanner . christoph you maze . you design it . you can lead we through it . terrify understanding beginning to flash through tanner 's eye . christoph he come to deliver they from a land of affliction and bring they to a good land , a land flow with milk and honey . there be a sense of almost relief in christoph 's eye . the secret finally tell . christoph with the energy from the net , we can program this world anyway we want . ( beam ) redwood forest . ocean . Mountains -- tanner -- two million people plugge - in here . christoph yes . tanner be horrify at put it together . tanner you can not let they go . christoph say nothing . tanner 's eye bore into he . tanner until you be on the net where the corporation can not touch you , you can not open the system . they will eject it if you do . christoph one would assume so . the firework show start up over the carnival down below . tanner do not seem to notice , he eye freeze on christoph . tanner but once the system touch the net , all link be severe . ( beat ) everybody die . christoph only up there in the dream they call life . tanner and down here -- christoph hold up the access card . christoph -- thanks to you , we can reconfigure the system to free up enough power to digitize everybody who be plugge - in . every last soul ... ( intense ) and bring they to a better world . tanner 's eye glow with fury . tanner and if I refuse ? christoph calmly meet tanner 's stare . christoph then the system crash . ( matter-of -fact ) and you have let two million people die . he fade away . leave tanner stand alone on the roof . ext . night CITY - STREET - continuous the street be crowded with people head in and out of bar . the firework from the carnival raining down overhead . nobody notice the small cloud creep in over the horizon . ext . the terrace - roof - continuous tanner stare out at the slowly approach cloud . tormented realization tear at he face . ext . glass elevator - moment later tanner ride the elevator down the side of the building . he watch through the window as more cloud drift overhead . the elevator glide to a stop , deposit tanner out onto -- ext . STREET - continuous he head out into the middle of the street . huge explosion tear apart the darkness as the firework boom across the sky . in the quick burst of light tanner can see the cloud be get darker and darker . the air fill with the scream of people riding the digital roller coaster . the first drop of rain beginning to swirl lazily to the ground . people stop what they be do and stare up into the sky . stun that it 's actually raining . tanner instinctively push through the crowd , yell -- tanner get inside ! get back inside ! but no one pay he any attention . the rain come down harder now . more and more people pour out onto the street as word begin to circulate that it 's raining . int . nexus CENTER - continuous dex and christoph stand silently in front of a program panel , watch the monitor across the room which show -- ext . night CITY - street - continuous tanner be still fight he way through the crowd . up above , the firework explode in the rain , create prism of flicker color . tanner suddenly freeze . see -- Katie across the street . she be watch he . tear in she eye . and then it happen . a horrific SOUND roar across the sky . hard to tell if it 's thunder or laughter , as -- the cloud unleash they rage . the storm rip apart the night . rain as thick as steel . knock people to they knee . struggle to stand . and it keep come . slam down harder and harder . threaten to wash the whole damn city away . int . nexus CENTER - continuous christoph pull he eye away from the monitor . a long beat , then he silently nod to dex , who punch the command into the program panel . christoph keep he stare away from the monitor , not want to watch as -- ext . night CITY - street - continuous the savage rain storm continue as a small burst of fire fall from the sky . the flame swirl through the rain . tanner , like the crowd all around he , be pin to the ground by the crush of water . the ball of flame burn right through he -- his body convulse on the ground in anguish pain -- he be probably scream , but it would be in vain as the storm drown out all noise -- CUT to : ext . chicago STREET - dawn a peaceful street in the downtown area , dominate by VSI 's Chicago Public interface Center . int . chicago interface CENTER - continuous row and row of people strapped unconscious to interface seat . a alarm pierce the room . a Medical technician rush to the sound , sweeping a curtain around the person . take one look down at the person , and -- medical technician ( yell ) I need help here ! the bulk man in the interface seat be in the throes of violent spasm , he eye thrust dangerously back in he head . then mercifully , it 's over . he flatline . CUT to : ext . night CITY - STREET - continuous tanner struggle to he foot , the rain crash down on he . he fight he way over to Katie -- flame now fall from every square inch of sky . a solid blanket of death float down onto the city . tanner lock eye with Katie , scream as loud as he can -- tanner christoph as God ! it be impossible to tell if she can hear he over the howling tempest . but there be the slight shift in she face . some torture realization . tanner turn back into the street . the flame drift down through the rain . only heartbeat away from hit the people . tanner stare straight up into the heaven , scream -- tanner enough ! they will not die -- int . nexus - continuous relief spill through christoph 's face as he turn to the program panel and throw in the command for -- ext . night CITY - street the flame disappear . just like that . then the storm stop . a silent stillness . the crowd in the street still shaking , not yet willing to believe it 's really over . the first glint of light as the night fade . for the first time ever , the sun rise over the night City . Dawn in the new world . tanner and Katie flicker , then fade away . int . nexus CENTER - continuous tanner and Katie materialize on the -- fifth floor catwalk they be flanke by christoph and dex , along with a army of armed digital employee . Katie silently stare at tanner . something be communicate . christoph smile at tanner . christoph and mose say , ' who be I , that I should lead they to the promise land ? ' tanner turn and stare at he in steely silence . christoph nine minute before the system crash . tanner 's eye reflexively spin down the catwalk toward the core program . christoph hold up the access card -- christoph you do not have access to it . you can not eject . ( dead serious ) so the only way everybody life be out on the net . tanner catch a quick glimpse of Katie as she slip through the guard and down the stair . dex motion to the program panel in front of tanner . dex this program interface will get you into the maze . the longest beat . then tanner nod . FOURTH floor catwalk Katie rush to a program panel and throw it open , punch in command . data whip across the screen . fifth floor catwalk christoph hand the access card to dex who in turn slide it into the program panel in front of tanner . several long beat , then the program buzze . disembodied voice ( from program ) access approve . dex pull out the card as tanner call out -- tanner now -- his hand rocket out with blur speed . one hand grab the card as the other grasp onto the program panel -- FOURTH floor catwalk Katie slam in the last of the command -- fifth floor catwalk the catwalk flicker , then disappear . christoph , dex , and the digital employee plunging down through thin air . tanner hang onto the panel -- FOURTH floor catwalk Katie punch in more command and now -- fifth floor catwalk the catwalk reappear . ground floor christoph , dex , and the man crash hard to the ground . fifth floor catwalk tanner race down the catwalk to a program panel . he throw in the access card . ground floor christoph be the first one to he foot . his eye spin up to tanner on the catwalk . christoph ( bellow ) kill he -- the army of digital guard spring to they foot , laser draw . fifth floor catwalk tanner slam in the last of the command , cause -- a laser cannon to materialize next to he . stair the guard charge for tanner . there 's too many of they . he will never kill they all . fifth floor catwalk tanner aim the cannon down onto the second floor and fire -- a program explode . the program that control the waiter . the guard who be reprogrammed waiter disappear . tanner fire into another program . the guard who be reprogrammed busboy disappear . tanner keep fire . destroy the employee program . int . stair the last of the guard flicker , then be go . dex be the only one leave on the stair as he race up to the catwalk . int . ground floor christoph stare up as tanner rip open the core program and throw in the access card . fifth floor catwalk data whip across the screen , reflect off tanner 's face . tanner suddenly spin . dex be up on the catwalk , laser train on tanner . tanner reach for he gun , but he be too late . the hissing of a laser . small neat hole burn through dex 's forehead . he crumple to the ground , bloodless face freeze in death . tanner whirl around . Katie stand behind he , laser in hand . she be stare at dex 's body . first time she have kill . a buzzing break the silence -- disembodied voice ( from program ) access approve -- ground floor christoph yell up at tanner -- christoph one thing you need to know ! ( beat ) there be no Katie out there ! ( intense ) halden really do have she kill . ( explain ) that 's why the digital one be allow to stay in here -- catwalk christoph 's warning echoing around tanner and Katie . she slowly lower the gun , she eye shaking as she look up at tanner . a anguish silence , break by christoph 's yell -- christoph's voice ( o.s. ) you hear I , tanner ?! she only life in here ! Katie stare at tanner , struggle for the word , but they will not come . so she lean over and kiss he . both of they body tremble . katie ( torture whisper ) I be already dead ... her eye wet , she kiss he again , know it will be the last time . he force himself to turn back to the program panel , slamm in the eject sequence . christoph materialize on the catwalk -- christoph no -- he hurl tanner away from the program panel . only he 's too late -- that god -awful noise . louder and louder . christoph 's face wrack with realization . last thing he will do be turn to tanner -- christoph life be too precious -- the nexus Center 's wall fade away -- ext . night CITY - street - continuous the building be all go . the light sweep down for the people -- int . nexus CENTER - continuous Katie 's eye lock on tanner . the light explode through , rip they all into nothingness -- int . the net - darkness tanner be throw out into the darkness , spin helplessly through the blackness . the faintest of light . grow brighter and brighter , as -- CUT to : int . VSI corporate headquarters - interface room tanner 's eye flutter open , struggle for focus . several blurry shape . tanner push himself to sit . the shape be people . halden 's bodyguard . one of they grab the disk from the chair 's interface . tanner I need to see halden -- woman' voice ( o.s. ) -- I be sorry . tanner turn . it be emma . she look torture by what she must do . emma he 's not take visitor . she motion to the bodyguard , who hustle tanner to he foot and out the door . ext . STREET - moment later the rain have slowed to a drizzle . a mud gray day . Emma wish she do not have to be the one who have to do this . emma f.c.o. regulation require all system provider to test they emergency eject sequence at least once a year . ( quietly ) we record will show that 's exactly what transpire . before tanner can respond , she disappear back inside . the sidewalk 's crowded , people brush against tanner , but he stand there not move , stare up at the top of the building . CUT to : int . VSI build - halden' office - moment later halden sit behind he desk stare out the window . Emma head inside , lay the disk on the desk . halden 's eye remain silently out the window . Emma leave , shutting the door behind she . halden look down at the disk . smallest flicker of guilt . CUT to : ext . hell kitchen - warehouse - that day a beat - up taxi drop tanner out front . int . tanner's loft - continuous the place be dark . tanner hit the switch . the monitor snap alive , bathing the room in eerie blue light . tanner display program receive from uplink . click sound as the program drip down the screen . tanner Program name ? synthetic voice resurrection . tanner nod , make himself a drink . tanner connect to public access . synthetic voice ( buzze ) access establish . tanner Select uplink for Federal Communications Office . Department of enforcement . synthetic voice ( beat ) uplink select . tanner settles into a chair , take a hit of he drink . tanner uplink resurrection program . tanner sit there in the darkness listen to the machine talk to each other . synthetic voice ( buzze ) uplink receive . he nod , a flutter of satisfaction . a noise from the bedroom . sound like a woman 's voice call out for he . he downs the drink , grab he gun and move into -- int . bedroom it be empty . the noise be just the wind howling against the window . he stare at the bed . several long beat . he do not move . CUT to : int . VSI time square - interface CENTER - that day the aftermath of the system be eject . VSI interface attendant pass out credit voucher as fast as they can to the crush of complain customer . tanner squeeze he way inside . his eye spin to the back toward Katie , but she 's not there . he move through the crowd try to find she . finally make he way to the front desk . tanner I be look for Katie Hall . the security guard at the desk look at he like he 's crazy . security guard you expect I to find someone in this crowd -- tanner -- not a customer . a employee . security guard ( shake he head ) no Katie work here . tanner be you sure ? security guard I have be here since we open . never be a Katie . Long beat . realization rip through tanner . he stand there freeze for several dark moment . then finally turn and head out the door . almost outside when he hear the voice . he spin . Katie . in the back , pass out voucher . but then the crowd shift , block he view . he cut a path to she , he eye tense , be he imagine she ? but he 's now stand right next to she . can feel she breath . katie can I please have you debit card . he 's stare at she . fierce intensity . katie Sir , you debit -- he look down at she name tag . it read ' Katherine ' . he nod , of course . tanner they change you name . katherine who do ? he stare at she , need to know . he reach out with lightning speed and pluck off she name tag . before she can react , he grab she arm , nick it with the pin from the name tag . she spin , yell to the security guard -- katherine frank -- the security guard , Frank , hurry over . tanner watch she arm . thin ribbon of blood rise to the cut . flicker of relief shudder through he . he stare she straight in the eye -- tanner you grow up in vermont . she stay silent , not want to say anything that will set this guy off . tanner when you be six , you father go out to buy a newspaper and never come back . ( beat ) you mother lie , tell you he be kill in a car accident -- Frank be there now , wrenching tanner 's hand back , twist they behind he back . tanner do not resist , he eye lock on Katherine -- tanner you have trouble remember you dream . ( beat ) but there 's one you always have . she 's stare at he . tanner a baby 's cry . but no one come to help it . so it keep cry . all night long -- Frank cuff tanner , then drag he away . tanner 's eye struggle for Katie 's face , but it 's swallow up by the crowd . ext . back alley - continuous tanner be uncuffed and hurl out into the alley . the sound of the door slamm shut behind he , dead bolt slide into place . a jet-copter scream by overhead . a old man , face stain with illness , lay on a bed of newspaper next to tanner . sound of the real world filter down the alley . a family argue . group of friend laugh . someone scream . tanner slowly turn around . Katherine be in the doorway , watch he . sunlight pierce through the cloud . she try to keep she voice from tremble . katherine who be you ?... tanner stare at she , do something he have not do in a long time . he smile . fade out . the end