" metro " screenplay by Randy feldman shoot draft fade in : closeup of scott roper he 's listen to the stretch call of a horse race , and he 's into it . track announcer ( o.s. ) ... at the top of the stretch it 's cozy girl in front with backtrack come on ... cozy girl by a length , backtrack close ... roper come on . stay up there , cozy girl ... the camera gradually pull back to reveal that roper be drive he tran be across the Bay Bridge . helicopter shot give a soar view of the San Francisco skyline . track announcer ( o.s. ) at the eighth pole it 's cozy girl by half a length ... backtrack close ... int . car - day roper 's police radio squawks . dispatcher ( v.o. ) one-one -four to roper . he pick up the radio . roper dig in , cozy girl ... ( into the radio ) roper go . dispatcher ( v.o. ) one-four , roper . code 2.c.p. 4th and Grand . track announcer ( o.s. ) it 's cozy girl hold on ... cozy girl and backtrack ... roper I be en route . e.t.a. in five . he toss the radio down . punch the accelerator . roper stay up there , girl ... track announcer ( o.s. ) cozy girl in front by a neck ... now a head ... ext . tran am - day weaving through traffic on the bridge . roper ( v.o. ) where 's the damn wire ?! track announcer ( o.s. ) here come the wire ... and ... backtrack get up in the last jump . cozy girl a very game second . roper ( v.o. ) shit ! the tran be streak off toward the city . ext . bank - downtown - day a hostage situation . Police barricade . dozen of squad car , ambulance , spectator , swat team . it 's a stalemate . roper 's tran be pull to a stop at the barricade . he hop out , weave through the spectator and past the barrier . a female detective , eiko kimura , rush up to he . kimura hi , roper . roper hi , kimura . where 's the command post ? kimura point to the diner in the middle of the block . roper head toward it . as they walk kimura brief he ... kimura the suspect come in shortly after the bank open . botched robbery . a teller hit the silent alarm . he take seven hostage . shot one -- the guard . he 's still alive . so far he 's ask for ... roper ...a car . kimura that 's right , and a plane wait at the airport . if he do not ... roper ... get them , he 's go to start shoot hostage in five minute ... kimura that 's right . roper what 's the suspect 's name ? kimura Earl . int . diner - day across from the bank . this be where the " command post " be setup . about a dozen cop and the accompany support staff be here . Lieutenant SAMUEL baffert be in charge . roper saunter in . roper hello , guy . baffert hello , roper . glad you could join we . roper walk over to the counter where baffert be stand . roper do we have a profile on Mr. Earl ? baffert hand he a folder . roper open it . baffert this guy be no genius . roper scan the profile . roper they be not usually graduate student . baffert swat want to go in . roper what 's the rush ? they have not kill anybody yet this week ? roper refer to the folder . roper we get a guy who 's probably on drug . he 's get a record of 459 's and he be bust on possession . but he 's never be bust on a major felony . what 's he demeanor ? kimura well he 's a little fuck agitate -- he rip the phone out . roper I have to go face to face . baffert no -- you can not do that . roper you get 7 hostage in there , 1 of they 's wounded -- we do not know how bad it be -- the guy rip the phone out -- swat say he 's get a gun to the head of a female hostage . if swat make entry now , you be gonna lose 1 hostage , maybe 2 . I gotta go in . maybe I can see what 's go on in there . baffert I do not know . roper he 's never offed anybody . his rap do not show any violence . baffert not that we know of . roper we do not know how much time we have . if I can get in to talk to he -- maybe we will not lose anyone . baffert maybe we can get a throw phone in there . kimura swat say it 's break -- the perp in the last situation render it inoperable . baffert what do you mean ? kimura he urinate on it and short out the circuit . roper we gonna stand here and talk about it or let the guy in there bleed to death . ( beat ... beat ) give I a dozen donut . roper pull out he gun and place it on the counter . ext . STREET - day roper eat the donut as he cross toward the bank . ext . rooftop across the STREET - day a team of two swat team member , forbe be a spotter and mccall be a sharpshooter . kevin mccall , be the one we be interested in . he 's 25 year old , handsome , all american . he 's the best the swat team have . he crouch motionless , stare through the scope of he rifle , watch as roper calmly walk toward the bank . forbe what do you think he 's get in the bag ? mccall donut . forbe you can not take a guy down with a donut . int . bank - day a tense situation . a wild - eye , white punk , fuck - up of a bank robber , earl , be hold a pretty , young teller around the neck with a cocked gun hold to she temple . the other bank employee be cower on the floor . a few be give aid to the wounded bank guard who be half - conscious and ooze blood from he side . roper stroll right through the front door and walk toward Earl , very sociable . roper hi , Earl , I be Scott roper . wanna donut ? I eat the glaze but there 's a bunch of chocolate and a -- Earl swipe the donut out of roper 's hand and start frisk roper for weapon with he free hand . the other hand still have the gun poise at the young teller 's head . roper I be a negotiator , Earl . I do not carry a weapon . roper smile reassuringly at the pretty teller . it seem to help . Earl finish patting roper down , straighten back up and put he hand around the teller 's neck . earl where 's the car ? roper I need to get something straight first . roper look over at the other bank employee huddle on the floor . roper who 's the manager ? a bald , middle - age man sheepishly raise he hand . manager I be . roper take a step toward he . roper when do you start keep longer hour ? manager last spring . roper really ! because I have be think of move to this branch . it would be really convenient for I -- earl hey , shut up ! Earl wag he gun against the teller 's ear . earl do you want I to start kill people ?! roper hold he hand up defensively . roper it 's my job to see that no one get kill , Earl ... include you . earl then where 's my fucking car ! Earl be pour sweat . his gun hand be shaking uncontrollably . roper I be get it , Earl , but we have to do this the right way . roper keep he eye lock on Earl . his voice be calm . roper first I need you to point that gun away from -- ( to the teller ) what 's you name ? teller ( voice tremble ) Debbie ... roper Point the gun away from Debbie . earl Debbie 's brain be go to be splatter all over the floor if I do not see a car in five minute ! roper take a long look at Earl . the guy be a hair trigger . roper alright ! but let 's be clear about one thing . if you kill someone , I can not help you . the swat guy will take you out . Earl glance at the army of cop car poise outside . reflect for a moment on the reality of the situation . earl what be my chance of get out of here ? roper calmly move toward where the wounded guard be lay . roper not bad . last month , a guy rob a bank in Daly City ... roper crouch down , smile at the blurry - eye guard . roper how ya doin ' ? the guard groan . he 's not do very well . roper peel back the bloody handkerchief , take a look . wince . roper ( to Earl ) ... cop give he a car , and he lose they on the freeway . Earl be encourage by that . earl really ? roper absolutely . Bank robber be generally you smartest criminal . roper look directly into Earl 's eye . roper he do not kill anybody , though . roper bend over the guard . roper this be gonna hurt . he grab the guard under the arm and start drag he across the floor . the guard moan piteously . earl hey , leave he alone . what be you do ? roper keep drag the guard toward the front door . roper it 's part of my negotiator 's oath . if there 's a injure party and I can help they , I be duty bound by my oath to do that . you can shoot I if you want , but the next negotiator in here be go to tell you the same thing . Earl be unsure what to do , but he guess a oath be a oath . he let roper drag the guard to the door . roper I will be right back , Earl . Point that gun away from Debbie . Earl compliantly move the gun away from the teller 's head , then re-think and jerk it back against she temple . ext . bank - day roper drag the guard out the front door and deposit he on the sidewalk . two swat officer rush up to give aid . one of they be jenning . roper ( whisper to jenning ) give I you gun . ( note : the method of disarming Earl be still to be determine ) jenning inconspicuously pull he gun out and slip it to he . roper quickly cock it and shove it in he waistband under he shirt and vest . roper I have not have to shoot anyone in three year . jenning why not keep the streak alive ? roper because this strung - out junkie be too stupid to get out of this without kill somebody . int . bank - day Earl watch roper through the window . he can only see roper 's back . he 's get very agitate . earl ( yell ) hey , what the fuck be you do out there ! the two cop hustle off with the wounded guard , and roper calmly walk back into the bank . stop about five pace from Earl . roper as a rule , I need one hostage release as show of good faith . roper glance at Debbie . gun press against she head . tear start roll down she cheek . she 's be tremendously brave . roper give I Debbie . Earl squeeze the gun even tighter against the side of she head . earl take the old guy . the other hostage watch this exchange tensely . roper the Old guy ? what kind of show of faith be that ? I want Debbie . earl be I gettin' the car ? roper you be gettin ' the car . Earl think about it , he gun hand twitching . he point at two of the female employee cower against the counter . earl take they . roper decide that this be the best he 's go to get . roper you two , leave . the two woman do not need any extra encouragement . they jump up and rush out the front door . ext . rooftop - day mccall and forbe watch through they rifle scope as the two release hostage be whisk away by uniform cop . forbe this guy be good . mccall that 's what they say . int . bank - day roper that be fine , Earl . now I be go to get you car . roper turn around and walk toward the front door . he stop and look over he shoulder . roper oh , there 's one last thing . Earl look like he 's right on the edge . earl what ?! roper you want a convertible or hardtop ? Earl think about that for a beat ... roper hardtop . roper turn around , start walk again . he keep he eye focus on the reflection of Earl in the front window of the bank . roper ( without turn around ) manual or automatic ? earl Automatic . roper you get it . in one swift motion , roper turn , aim and fire !... one shot . it tear into Earl 's shoulder . one inch from Debbie 's neck . Earl be blow back against the counter . Debbie shriek at the top of she lung . swat guy pour in from every entrance . yelling for everybody to " get down " ! point gun . they pounce on Earl . earl I give up ! I give up ! roper go to Debbie , put he arm around she and gently lead she out of the bank . ext . rooftop - day mccall and forbe still have they rifle train on the bank door . they police radio squawk ... radio the situation be secure . suspect in custody . repeat . situation secure . mccall lower he rifle as roper guide Debbie through the wave of cop rush into the bank . ext . STREET - short time later roper be exite the bank and put back on he gun when he hear the sound of a camera shutter . he turn to see veronica ( ronnie ) tate hold the camera . she snap one of roper with Earl in the b.g. be place in a squad car . ronnie there 's one for the front page . roper put he hand over he heart as if stricken with love ... which he in fact be . roper ronnie , why be you torture I ? I can not live without you . ronnie roll she eye . she do not take roper all that seriously . ronnie do not start . she sling the camera over she shoulder and start to walk off . roper dog she . roper this baseball player you be go out with ... ( shaking he head ) he 's no good for you . ronnie really ?! he 's a wonderful guy . he make two million a year , and he worship I . roper I worship you . ronnie you worship yourself . roper ronnie , forget this what 's -his -name . ronnie greg . roper do you know he 's already get a bad knee ? in another 10 year you be go to be push he around in a wheelchair . ronnie stop . look he in the eye . ronnie you know what I think ? I think you only want I now , because I be with somebody else . roper who care what you think . I want you back and that 's all that matter . ronnie smile , but offer no response . roper let I take you out tomorrow night ... pleeease . ronnie I be go out with greg tomorrow . roper ( frown ) this greg be really get in my way . roper get down on he knee . roper please . I be begging you . ronnie oh , I have get to get a shot of this . she take the lense cap off she camera . roper primp he hair to make sure he look good for the picture ... click ! suddenly roper notice that he tran be be be tow . he rush over to he car . roper hey , that 's my car . a repo man stand off to the side watch dispassionately . repo man not anymore . now it belong to Silver Hills Financial . roper sadly watch the tow truck drive off with he beloved tran be . int . metro division headquarters - day - raining lot of activity . officer in cubicle ; talk on phone ; type report on computer . most be plain-clothed . roper weave through the room . pass by baffert 's desk . roper hey , baffert , what 's the story for tonight ? baffert pull two ticket for the Warrior ' game out of he pocket . baffert floor seat . roper you be my hero . baffert dinner 's on you . roper deal . int . hallway - day - raining a quiet contrast to the squadroom . this be the executive branch of Metro . all the big-wigs be office here . roper walk down the carpete hall . no one here except Kevin mccall quietly sit outside Captain Solis ' office . roper and mccall make brief eye contact . roper think nothing of it . he go into the Captain 's office . int . captain solis ' office - raining captain frank solis be on the phone . there 's a file on the desk in front of he . he motion roper to sit down . solis he just walk into my office . ( look over at roper ) the Chief say , " good work this morning . congratulation . " roper smile as he sit down . roper tell he to give I a raise . solis ( into the phone ) he say , " thank you very much . " ( a beat ) I will discuss it with he right now ... good-bye , Chief . Solis hang up . look across the desk at roper . a long pause . he know he 's get leverage . solis roper . roper what ? solis be you go to make this hard for I ? roper depend . what 's up ? solis there 's be some concern about you continue to work without back -up . roper define concern . Solis dump he card on the table . solis what if you die and no one can do what you do as well as you do it ? roper you concern be heartwarming . solis it 's be decide that you take on another partner and train he to be able to take over for you . roper be that what the guy in the Sunday School suit be do outside ? solis his name 's Kevin mccall . every Metro Captain agree that he 's they top sharp - shooter and most likely to succeed . roper grab mccall 's folder off the desk . roper let I see that . roper scan it . roper tested high on he intellectual aptitude ... not as high as I but ... National marksman finalist ... attend n. y. C ... go to college . very impressive . f.b.i. sniper school ... mayorial commendation . int . hallway - same - raining mccall turn around in he chair . he can see roper and Solis through the glass wall of the office , but he can not hear they voice . int . solis ' office - same - raining roper " additional skill " : biathelete , marathoner , lip-read , speak Spanish ... roper throw the folder back on the desk . roper great , send he to the Marines . this guy 's not a negotiator . he will quit in two week . solis you let we worry about that . roper be there go to be a expression of you appreciation ? solis ( gloomily ) what kind of appreciation be we talk about ? roper the financial kind . I figure I be go to be work extra hour . all sort of overtime ... training session ... not to mention the extra stress ... solis what do you think would be in order ? roper like ahh ... I do not know ... ( boldly ) five thousand dollar . solis ( calmly ) okay , I think I could swing that . uh-oh , roper think maybe he sell short . roper ( quickly ) and a car . solis hey , you just get a five thousand dollar raise . get a car of you own . roper you know you have get nothing but car down there in impound . solis impound be not a rent - a- car company . roper ( firmly ) the car be part of the deal . solis what happen to you tran be ? Solis get up and tap the glass , motion for mccall to come in . roper repoed this morning . solis ( relenting ) I will provide you with transportation . roper and even if this do not work , I want all the money . this swat guy do not have the temperament . they do not have the background ... mccall enter the office . roper ( instant character change ) hey , glad to meet you . I have hear nothing but good thing about you ... roper reach out . they shake hand . mccall same here . I have watch you in action . very impressive . roper you have get a lot of hard work ahead of you if you want to be a negotiator . mccall I be ready to do it . ( a beat ) and I be go to be here more than two week . roper 's face darken . roper do not go read my lip , man . that 's a intrusion . save that shit for the sniper school . comprende ? mccall sorry ... habit . solis ( intervene ) let 's move past this , gentleman . roper smile . roper we be already past it , be not we , Kevin ? mccall if you say so . solis then you will have to excuse I . I have other work to do . roper and mccall head out the door . solis roper ... roper turn back around . solis about the transportation issue ... you check with the impound sergeant . roper smile . total victory . int . hallway - day - raining moving with roper and mccall . roper you ever be in a hostage situation ? mccall only at the very end . roper how do you feel after a shoot . mccall ( self - assure ) like it have to be do . they enter the squadroom , wind through the cubicle . roper it rarely have to be do . mccall I have rarely shot anyone . roper swat be a lifesave unit , you know . mccall ( flatly ) I know . roper try to remember that . they arrive at roper 's desk . roper okay , " Dead Eye " , lesson one ... roper grab a empty soda bottle from a neighbor desk . he take the cap off a ball point pen and drop it into the empty bottle . he place the bottle on he desk . roper extract that pen cap without touch or move the bottle . mccall look at the bottle quizzically . mccall what 's the point of this ? roper a little exercise in lateral think . the obvious solution be not always the only solution ... see you tomorrow . roper grab he jacket and walk off , leave mccall to ponder the problem . mccall look over at another cop who have be observe . the cop shrug he shoulder . he have not get a clue . mccall sit down and thoughtfully peer into the bottle . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . underground garage - night roper and baffert walk past the row of car , include Solis ' cadillac , search for roper 's " new " transportation ... roper be hold the key in he hand . baffert mind if we make a stop on the way ? we bust Frank antonucci on possession . he give we a lead on that Polk Street jewelry heist . roper " phoney Frank " ? do not waste you time . he would tell you he granny be in on the Kennedy assassination if he could dodge a collar . baffert I still gotta do it . wasting time be half my job . roper yeah , okay . roper be look at the numbered parking space . baffert this swat guy might be a good idea . he may be able to take a little pressure off you . I worry about you . roper you worried about I , too ? the chief 's worried about I . Solis be worried about I . maybe you guy should start some kind of organization . baffert speak of which . I see you talk to ronnie this morning . why can not you get it back together with she . you have gotta be out of you mind not to get with that one . roper it 's not I . it 's she . she 's go out with this baseball player -- greg barnett . baffert ( impressed ) no shit ! he 's good ! roper fuck he . he swing at anything in the dirt . I could strike he out . baffert do not give up on she . you be get to the age when you ought to be think about this thing . roper bend over like a old man . roper yep , my rheumatism 's be act up . they arrive at they destination . a parking space with a 1957 dodge pickup . baffert this be it . Space 742 . roper look at the pickup truck in disbelief . roper then he do not say 742 . he must have say 724 or something , because this can not be right . baffert unlock the pickup and offer the key to roper who be crossing to the truck . roper oh man ! what be I , Red foxx ? I be not riding in this shit . I can not roll in no shit like this . he take the key from baffert who move around to the passenger side . he open the door . baffert where 's the stereo ? roper fuck the stereo . what 's that smell ? baffert come on . just get in . we gotta go . ext . market STREET - night the pickup in traffic . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . korda' build - night it 's a four story twenty style walk - up . it 's evening now . the pickup pull to a stop out front . int . pickup - night baffert pull out a slip of paper . baffert apartment 306 . roper you want I to go up with you ? baffert Nah , it probably will not turn up anything . I be just gonna talk to he . roper good . I do not want to be late . baffert get out . roper grab he cell phone . roper you want anything on the game ? baffert turn back around . baffert what 's the line ? roper it be Warrior plus 6 this morning . baffert I will take half of you action . baffert go into the building . roper dial he cellular phone . beep ! beep ! detail shot a message on the display read : recharge battery . roper look around . there 's a payphone across the street . he get out of the truck and cross to it . int . build - night third floor hallway . Nice , middle class place . well keep up . baffert walk over to room 306 . knock . int . korda' apt . - night Jazz be play . michael korda sit motionless in a chair listen to the music . there 's a knock . korda respond as if pull from a trance . he rise and move to the door . korda who be it ? baffert ( v.o. ) it 's Lieutenant Sam baffert from the San Francisco Police Department . a slight hesitation from korda . he glance around the apartment . for what reason , we do not know . maybe to make sure there 's nothing incriminate around . he open the door . korda what happen ? be there a problem ? baffert May I come in ? I would just like to ask you a couple of question . korda step aside and let baffert enter . korda close the door . baffert scan the place . not bad . he listen to the music . a smile grow on he face . baffert Count basie ? korda smile back . another jazz aficionada . korda Duke ellington . " thing ai not what they use to be " , record July 30 , 1945 . baffert yeah ... yeah ... now I can hear it . korda go to the stereo , turn it down . Duke ellington play low . baffert where do you find a old recording like that ? korda use record shop down on Turk Street . I be in there look for some Robert Johnson . ( search for the name ) memories ... memory Lane or something ... baffert I have get to stop in there ... Mr. korda , do you know Frank antonucci ? korda you mean Frank who own the bakery down the street ? baffert smile . baffert no , this be a different Frank . this be a man who deal in jewelry . stolen jewelry usually . you would not know anybody like that ? korda drift to the other side of the room . take a look out he front window ... he Pov nobody there . just the truck . korda I certainly would not . he say it as if the very idea disturb he . he turn away from the window . baffert feign a cough spell . baffert could I please have a little water ? korda ( the perfect host ) of course . korda head toward the kitchen area . baffert use this as a opportunity to drift around the room . do a little snooping . baffert the reason I be ask you be because we arrest he with some steal jewelry . it be trace to the robbery of a store down on Polk Street . he say he be fencing it for you . baffert notice something in the trash can . he Pov several glassine envelope use for raw jewel . they have jeweler 's marking on they indicate gem weight and grade . int . kitchen korda , pour the water , notice baffert 's discovery , but he face betray nothing . korda ( calmly ) there 's obviously some mistake . I have a cousin who have have run-in with the law . korda re-enter the room with the glass of water . korda perhaps for he own reason he entangle I in this ... situation . baffert this cousin of yours ... what 's he name ? korda ( forthrightly ) clarence teal . they look at each other a beat . korda be still hold the water . korda you cough seem to be better . a real repress tension here . someone 's about to get hurt . baffert take the glass of water . baffert thank you . he take a sip . korda watch he like a cobra . baffert put the glass down on the table . baffert well , I be on my way to the game . I appreciate you cooperation , Mr. korda . korda smile . baffert walk to the door . open it to leave ... korda Lieutenant ... baffert turn back around . korda do you believe that story about Robert Johnson ...? that he make a deal with the devil at the crossroad ? baffert muse along with korda . baffert could be . baffert move off down the hall and korda close he door . int . hallway - night baffert get into the elevator . int . elevator - night baffert take out he cell phone . dial . baffert ( as the elevator descend ) hello , judge Stone ... this be Lieutenant Samuel baffert . I be at a suspect 's residence . I be request a telephonic search warrant in connection with a armed robbery at a jewelry store . there 's visible evidence on the premise . glassine envelope with jeweler 's marking be see in the trash can ... the elevator hit the first floor . baffert ... I believe a full search of the premise will turn up some steal property ... the elevator open . korda be stand there with a knife . baffert have no time to react ... the knife hand slashes forward ... stab the chest and slashing across the throat . ext . build - night korda calmly exit the building as roper cross the street , return from the payphone . neither of the man take any particular notice of each other . a woman carry she grocery enter the building . roper get to the truck . a scream from inside the building . int . build - night baffert be lay in the open elevator , knife wound to he neck and chest . roper rush over to he . it do not look good . the woman with the grocery be stand halfway up the first flight of stair . frozen . roper pull out he gun and rush by she up the stair . roper ( to the woman ) get a ambulance ! int . third floor hallway - night roper arrive at the top of the stair . korda 's door be ajar . Duke ellington can be hear faintly . int . korda' apt . - night roper nudge the door open , take a step inside , gun ready ... no one there . suddenly , from the hallway , the click of a door . roper race out . int . hallway - night roper sprint to the door at the end of the hall , kick it open . gun aim . int . apt . 302 - night a five year old stare up at he . scare stiff . roper hold up a reassure hand , and , as quickly as he arrive , he leave . ext . build - night roper burst out the front . down the stair to the sidewalk . look both way down the street ... realize in dismay that korda be long go . a siren approach . int . solis office - night - rain angle outside window to roper sit in a chair by the window look out to the rain . Solis be in the b.g. on the phone . solis ( on the phone ) yes sir . every resource will be bring to bear . we will find this guy ... yeah , he 's here now . I will tell he . Solis hang up the phone . solis the chief say to tell you how sorry he be . he know Sam baffert be a good man . roper ( still look out window ) he say he be just go up to talk to he . he say ... ( beat ; turn to Solis ) I want to be put on this case . solis I can not do that . roper ( emphatic ) I want to be put on this case . solis you know I can not assign you to this . you be much too close to it . you be much too close to Sam . the department will take care of it . roper who 's run it ? solis roper ... roper who 's run it ! solis kimura and Glass will head the investigation . roper turn to leave . solis Scott . go home . get some sleep . roper pause at the door . then pull out two basketball ticket and lay they on the table in Solis ' office . he exit . CUT to : int . metro office area - night two detective . a female name kimura and a tall guy name glass , try to make a getaway as they see roper come . roper hey , hey , hey ... roper intercept they . roper anything on korda so far ? kimura Solis say to keep you clear of this . roper respond louder than necessary with a half turn toward Solis ' hallway . roper I do not give a damn what Solis say . ( to the detective ) if you get a lead , I want to know . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . san francisco STREET - night - raining roper 's pickup drive by . int . pickup thru the windshield . we see roper as the windshield wiper flap back and forth . his face seem daze and lose . int . ronnie' hallway - night roper knock . ronnie 's cheerful voice can be hear . ronnie ( o.s. ) just a minute . roper make no effort to pull himself together . the door open and ronnie 's face register surprise . she 's dress casually in jeans , a nice shirt , but wear make - up and earring . ronnie hey . roper hey yourself . come by to see Troy . ronnie ( like hell ) a little late for that , scottie . he 's asleep . ( smell he breath ) Jack Daniels ? roper I be not drunk . yet . ronnie maybe you should be . roper you hear . she nod , sympathetic , but do not leave the doorway . ronnie yeah . I be sorry . roper can I come in ? ronnie open the door reluctantly . int . ronnie' house - night roper enter . instantly we see he 's at home here . he hang he coat in the closet , put he key on the table , notice a photograph on the wall . quite impose . very unique style . roper that a new picture ? ronnie about 4 month old . I be work in a new style . roper gaze at it indifferently . he fall silent . thought turn inward . suddenly , troy , ( the dog ) , bound in . he 's ecstatic to see roper . he put he front paw on the couch and he head in roper 's lap . roper hey , Troy . how ya doin ' boy ? ( to ronnie ) he hear my voice . roper smile briefly , pat the dog , take comfort from he presence . his word be light . his tone be not . roper how 's the good dog . I miss you buddy . you miss I ? ronnie watch they , suddenly show the sadness she 's carefully bury . roper he miss I . she nod . a moment 's silence . roper I will not stay long . I have to talk to someone . ronnie ( a bit surprised at he openness ) you do not usually talk to anyone when you be hurt . roper it be my fault . I be right downstairs . I should have go up with he . ronnie Scott , you can not save everyone . roper I have prove that , do not I ? she 's not come closer . she want to , but she will not do it . she seem uneasy , glance towards the door . roper rise . roper oh , hell , forget it . this will not work . ronnie ( gentle ) what do you want from I ? roper something I guess I can not have anymore . ronnie do not try to make I feel guilty . the whole time we be together , you go out of you way to prove you do not need I . now , suddenly , for one night , you need I again . I can not do it . I can not be more than you friend . because I know what will happen . in a few week you will be back on top , and you will shut I out just as soon as you do not need I again . roper ( surprised , hurt ) you think I do not need you ? ronnie if you do , you never show it . roper ronnie ... he reach for she and she look like she might give in to he , but at that moment there 's a knock on the door . ronnie pull back , confuse and guilty . roper you expect someone ? her silence be the answer ... a flash of pain from roper . roper this day just keep get better . ronnie watch as he search for he key in he pocket . ronnie ( soft ) they be on the table where you always leave they . he grab the key as she open the door . greg stand outside wait . he 's a big , good look guy with a smile on he face . greg hey , baby , I think maybe you be ... greg 's smile fade as he see roper . roper I be just leave . roper stride past greg who remain in the doorway . ronnie make brief eye contact with greg , but then move past he to follow roper . she call after he . ronnie scottie ... take care of yourself . roper do not look back . he just go . ext . pier 26 - early morning a huge warehouse . Sun come up over the East Bay , clarence teal ride up on a harley motorcyle , carry a large cup of coffee to go . he enter the warehouse . int . warehouse - same car and Boat part stack in aisle ten foot high . clarence shuffles through to he watchman 's quarter which be connect to the end of the warehouse . int . watchman' quarter - same built on piling with a panoramic view of the bay . korda be wait behind the door as clarence enter . he seize clarence from behind and slam he against the wall and spin he around . hot coffee soak the front of clarence 's shirt . korda if you be not family I would kill you . clarence be scared . he offer no defense . korda you tell antonucci that shit come from I . clarence so that we could get the best price . he 's get respect for you . he 's gonna try to lowball I , Mike . korda toss clarence down onto the cot . korda you fuck idiot ! why do you think I use you ?... to be a walk advertisement . clarence I be sorry , Mike . I never hear of lamarra flipping on anyone before . he say he have the cop pay off . antonucci never flip on anyone before . he have the cop pay off . korda not the fuck cop that show up at my door ! clarence what happen , Mike . korda you do not want to know . tear start to come to clarence 's eye . clarence I be sorry , Mike . clarence sincerely feel bad . it 's kind of touch in a twisted way . korda move over to the window to keep from strike clarence again . he look off across the bay . korda God damn it ! I still need to case that fuck store . it 's too risky to show my face now . clarence I get a couple thousand buck . you could leave town . korda leave town ? they be go to know I in fuck Des Moines now !... ( a beat ) they get over ten million in jewel in that place . that 's freedom , man . I could go anywhere I want . clarence watch korda warily . thing be beginning to add up in he head . clarence do you kill he , Mike ? korda turn to clarence with a penetrate stare that answer the question . clarence be shake by that . he start to whimper again . clarence I be sorry , Mike . I be really sorry ... we be talk major fear here ... korda move to he and we think he 's go to bash he around again , but , surprisingly , he hug clarence 's head against he chest . korda it 's not you fault you be stupid . tear of relief from clarence . int . metro division headquarters - day roper enter the squadroom . his mood be contain . he walk to a desk where kimura and Glass be huddle . a couple desk over , mccall be recline in roper 's chair , read a book entitle , " strategies and counter measure in hostage situation " . on the desk in front of he be the bottle with the pen cap still in it . roper ( to kimura and Glass ) what do you get on korda ? kimura we run a search on relative . he have a cousin in town -- clarence teal . smalltime thief . last know address be on pine Street . he move out a month ago . we have get a couple lead on he to check out . roper ( rapid fire ) do you check out dmv for any vehicle registration ? kimura be fax over now . roper how about the record room for any incident report ? he might be a victim . we can get medical record . check with burglary detail and see if anyone else know he , know he habit . kimura roper ... roper and what about bar ? we can talk to neighbor to see what bar he frequent . kimura roper , we be into it ... suddenly Solis appear at they side . solis we have have this conversation once , roper . you be not active on this case . roper look at he icily . solis it 's in everyone 's best interest . mccall , kimura , Glass all watch this confrontation tensely . after a beat , roper give in . indicate he compliance . Solis head back to this office . roper ( soften ) you guy be do good work . he move toward the desk . mccall get up when he see he come . mccall I be sorry about you friend . I have a friend in swat kill . I know how it can be . roper I appreciate you concern . let 's leave it at that . mccall respectfully drop it . roper look down at the soda bottle . roper I do not see much progress here . mccall hold up a finger . not so fast . he pick up a pot from a nearby " Mr. coffee " machine . it 's fill with water . he take the water and slowly pour it into the bottle . close on the bottle the pen cap float to the top and mccall pluck it out without touch or move the bottle . roper very nice ... you get a " a " . notice ... no force require . no damage . just then a sergeant call to roper across the squadroom . sergeant roper , domestic disturbance at 472 6th Street . possible hostage situation . mccall grab he duffel bag . roper start away from the desk , then notice the book on " hostage strategies " . he look at the title , then make a demonstration of drop it in the trash can . he and mccall head out . ext . market STREET - day the pickup be weaving through traffic . int . pickup - day start on one of that air freshener evergreen tree hang from the rear view mirror . pull back to show a police bubble flash on the dashboard . roper weaving through traffic . mccall be sit calmly as ever . roper so , mccall , how come you end up in San Francisco ? mccall they recruit I . Promised I fast advancement . roper recruited you from where ? mccall National marksman competition . roper with you qualification you must have have a lot of offer . why here ? mccall furthest point I could find from New York . roper you do not like New York ? mccall spend my whole life there . I just want to get out for a while . roper you would never be out of New York ? mccall be to Toronto . my mother be bear there . roper how do you like Toronto ? mccall it be okay . roper you be a real excitable sort , be not you ? mccall you catch I on a " up " day . ( a beat ) how about you ? how do you end up in San Francisco ? roper I grow up in oakland ... cross the Bay Bridge and here I be . ( a beat ) so you be look for " fast advancement " . mccall be there something wrong with that ? roper I be not sure . ext . 6th STREET - day several patrol Cars be park in front of a unappeal apartment building . a crowd have begin to gather . uniformed policemen hold they back . two cop be question a man wear only green slack . no shirt . no shoe . just the slack . he be very agitate . the pickup screech up . roper and mccall hop out . roper flash he badge to the officer in charge . ( officer # 1 ) roper roper. Metro division . hostage negotiator . give I the short version . officer # 1 husband come home . found that guy and he wife " in flagrante " . now he 's hold she at knife point . roper which apartment ? the Officer point up to the third floor . officer # 1 that one with the bar on the window . roper nod . walk back over to the pickup . look up . eyeballs the building . roper how be we gonna get he out of there ? mccall we could fill it with water . roper throw he a look . mccall walk to the back of the pickup , reach into the cab and dig around in he duffel bag . roper ( to Officer # 1 ) have you evacuate anyone ? officer # 1 only that floor . roper be the hostage injure ? officer # 1 do not know . she keep scream to stay out . he keep scream to stay out . we decide to stay out . roper well , there 's a good amount of agreement on that . mccall slam the truck door , sniper rifle in hand . mccall I will take " highground " until swat get here . ( surveying the area ) I can get a good sight - line from that roof across the street . mccall march off across the street . roper remember , Quick draw , we be try to limit the force here . mccall call back over he shoulder . mccall I know my job . at that moment , a scream echoe down from the third floor window . roper head for the front door of the building . int . apt . hallway / staircase - ( across the STREET ) mccall bound up the stair of the building to the rooftop . int . 6th ST . apartment build hallway - day the scream be get more panicky . roper come down the hall quickly . the door to the apartment be open . it 's be that way since the guy in the green slack fle . roper hurry toward the door . int . apartment - day the wife be in bra and panty and the husband be 6 '4 " . he 's give she a good beat . it 's a studio apartment . unmade bed . belonging strewn all over . window open with sun stream in , and a good view of the building across the street . we hear roper' voice from out in the hall . roper ( v.o. ) I be come in . I be not armed . the husband snatch he wife by the hair and hold a knife to she throat . wife ( shriek ) no , Raymond ! raymond ( to roper ) stay the fuck out of here ! but roper step into the apartment . see the wife . face swollen . knife to she neck . the enraged husband , contemplate murder . one inch from commit the act . roper do not bat a eye . roper I know how you feel , Ray . raymond you do not know shit , and I suggest you leave . he press the knife against the wife 's throat . she wince . her chest heave . roper I can not leave , Ray . it 's part of my negotiator 's oath . once I be in the room with the hostage , I have to stay . raymond you do not want to see what I be go to do to she . roper let I show you something , Ray . roper reach into he pocket and pull out he wallet . he extract a photo . closeup photo wife . two kid . a little dog-eare . Nice touch . roper hold it up so Raymond can see it . roper same thing happen to I , man . she cheat on I , but I forgive she . you know why ? raymond I be not interested in you life story . roper because I be partially to blame . I be not around as much as I should have be . I forget how to love she . raymond she 's the one to blame . not I . ext . roof across the STREET - on mccall in prone position . rifle in hand . Eye to scope . Pov through sight of Raymond 's open window . int . raymond' apartment everyone where we leave they . roper look at Ray with utter sincerity . roper Ray , think about how she look when you marry she . think about how happy you be . do not lose that , man . do not give up everything . raymond what be I give up ? I be laid off last year . I be down to my last unemployment check . I be out on the street look for work and this bitch be bang some asshole in my bed . and now Ray be cry . blubber actually . and he 's not that coherent . raymond I be down at consolidate and I be begging . I be say I will take half my pay . eight year , man . I do not even have to work the load dock anymore . I will do maintenance . " we be cut back . we be streamline , Ray . West Central 's run thing now . it 's out of we hand " fuck they ! fuck they ! fuck they ! ( deep sigh ) I be gonna kill she and then I be gonna kill myself , ' cause I do not wanna live anymore . roper reach out to he . roper Ray , if you walk out of here with I , I will get you a job . raymond do what ? Cleaning toilet ? roper I can not guarantee you what it will be . but I swear on my life , I will find you work . raymond and why the fuck would you do that for I ? roper not for you , Ray . for I . a close friend of mine be kill this week . the way I figure it , I stop you from doin ' what you say , I be one up on body count . raymond who the fuck be you , mother Teresa ? roper my name 's Scott roper . Ray stare blankly at roper 's outstretch hand , the knife clutch tightly in he fist ... the wife squeeze she eye close . everything wait for a excruciatingly long beat ... then ... raymond I need my coat . it 's on a coat rack in the corner . but to get there he have to pass by the window . Ray drop he wife on the bed , turn and go to get he coat . he cross in front of the window ... reaches for the coat . pop ! a bullet slam into he skull . Ray fall to the floor . the wife run out of the room , scream ! roper noooo !! he rush over to Ray . Circle of blood soaking into the carpet . Ray 's empty eye . his hand still wrap in he coat . he be dead instantly . roper slam he fist into the wall . a couple of cop , gun draw , arrive at the doorway . roper bolt out of the room ... pound down the hallway ... pound down the stair ... down another flight ... ext . apt . bldg . mccall come across the street . roper see mccall , cool as ever . rifle sling over he shoulder . roper step into he path . roper who the fuck do you think you be ? mccall give no answer . he push past roper and continue into the building . int . apt . build - hallway - day roper follow , scream he head off . roper do you think because the police department issue you a sniper rifle , it make you God ! what the fuck go on in you head ? mccall , still stone - face , reach the apartment . yellow " crime scene " tape be be place across the doorway . cop be tiptoeing around , surveying evidence . mccall duck under the tape . roper follow . int . apt . - day mccall go over to Ray 's body . crouches down . roper come up behind he . mccall pick up the coat cover Ray 's arm . clutch in Ray 's hand be a gun " Saturday night special " variety . mccall look up at roper . mccall swat be a lifesave unit , remember ? I just save a life . your . roper do not miss a beat . roper ( still angry ) you think I have never have a gun pull on I ?! you think every fuck time someone pull a gun they use it ?! mccall get to he foot . mccall eighty -five percent of domestic disturbance of this nature end in murder / suicide . roper ( fiercely ) not the one I be at . mccall and roper glare at each other . toe to toe . a beat . mccall 's face soften just perceptibly . mccall sorry . my mistake . he walk out of the room . roper whip the sheet off the bed , contemplate the gun grip in Ray 's hand ... then toss the sheet over Ray 's dead body . int . metro division - night roper seat in the hallway , wait outside a door mark " Internal affair " . thing be quiet . roper stare at the floor . wait . the door open . mccall come out , escort by two internal affair investigator . one of the investigator pat he on the back . investigator look like a clean shoot . go home and get some rest . mccall shake hand with the investigator and they disappear back into the office . roper approach mccall . he 's cool off considerably . even a tad friendly . roper come on . let 's go for a drink . mccall I do not really like to drink . roper you have to . it 's a tradition . mccall well , if I have to , I have to . int . billy goat tavern - night a neighborhood bar . roper and mccall be play pool . half - finish beer be on a nearby table . mccall be bent over the table try to make a particularly tricky shot . roper study he . roper you get a girlfriend ? mccall why ? you like my ass ? mccall miss the shot . roper better than you pool game . roper line up he shot . roper you would not want to put a small wager on this , would you ? mccall I do not gamble . roper smile . sink he shot . move around the table . mccall yeah , I have get a girlfriend . roper you live together ? mccall she 's back in Jersey ... go to graduate school . roper explain how that work . mccall she 's go to come here when she graduate and then we be gonna get marry . roper she grow up in livingtston , too ? mccall ( as if that be unthinkable ) no , no , no ... ( a beat ) she 's from hoboken . roper oh , " city girl " . do not you ever long for companionship with she such a long way away in New Jersey ? mccall we see each other every couple of month . roper every couple of month , huh ? a couple of month sound like a awful long time to roper . roper that 's a lot of commitment . I admire that . mccall do you really ? roper no. actually I think it 's fuck crazy , I do not know if I could do it . mccall thanks for clear that up . ( a beat ) I hear you former girlfriend be go out with greg barnett . roper where do you hear that ? mccall around . barnett 's tough competition . roper yeah , well that 's a sore subject , and therefore out of bound to a young sprout of a hostage negotiator under my tutelage . a beat and then mccall realize that this comment be a major acknowledgement of acceptance from roper . roper miss he shot . pick up he beer glass . roper lesson two , " Dead Eye " ... should have be lesson one . never exchange yourself for a hostage . mccall I think I can handle that one . roper yeah , you think so , but it come up . roper take a drink of beer . near the bottom of he glass . call to the bartender . roper Zack , another round . roper turn back to mccall . roper my partner give himself in exchange for a ten year old girl . he get catch in the crossfire . two dead . my partner and the bad guy ... ( take the last sip ) weird thing be , if he be alive , he would probably do it again . ( a beat ) some people never learn . roper put down he glass . roper you think you can learn , mccall ? mccall I think so . roper nod . maybe he can . int . room - day we be look at a door . it 's not clear where we be . mccall enter . we only see he face . determined . mccall I be Officer mccall , what 's go on ? reverse angle it 's a training room . it 's build to approximate a convenience store . several mannequin be place around the room to represent a hostage situation . the " bad guy " have a walkie- talkie strapped around he neck . roper 's voice crackle out of it . bad guy what the fuck do you think be go on , turdhead ? I be about to waste everyone in this place . mccall hesitates , try to figure out a response . he seem stiff and awkward . mccall h... how can I help you ? tell I what ... ( look off to he right ) I feel stupid talk to a dummy . roper enter the training room from a side door . he 's hold the other walkie-talkie . roper what do you think ? I be go to let you practice on real people ? roper come up beside he . roper first thing be , do not say , " what 's go on ? " everybody know what 's go on . I come into this situation , I say , ( address the mannequin ) " I be glad to see nobody 's hurt . that 's good . I be here to help you . " ( turn back to mccall ) second : you hesitate . do not hesitate . if you be think , talk while you be think , or else he 's go to think you be plotting . which you be . if he think you be plotting , you be go to make he nervous . you do not want he nervous . get that ? mccall no . roper it will come . try again . int . training room - moment later angle on the door . mccall come in . the room have the same set-up . mccall take a look around . launch immediately into ... mccall my name 's mccall . I be a hostage negotiator . I be here to help you . roper 's voice crackle back at he hostilely . roper ( v.o. ) how be you go to help I ? mccall 's confidence be grow . mccall tell I what you need . roper ( v.o. ) I need you to bring I the scumbag who run off with my wife so I can cut off he nut . now he 's stump . mccall ( hesitantly ) I can not do that . roper ( v.o. ) then get out of my face you worthless piece of frogshit . mccall look up to he right . mccall be all the name call necessary . roper re-enter the training area . roper Nah , I just throw that in because I enjoy it . mccall ( exasperate ) so what do I say to this guy ? roper you could say something like , ( address the dummy ) " tell I what the scumbag 's name be . maybe we can work something out . " mccall what ? bring somebody in so he can cut he nut off ? roper turn to mccall . roper if you want to be a successful negotiator , you have get to learn to lie . mccall I be not good at lie . roper get good at it . mccall it 's against my nature . roper give he a amused smile . roper you know the ten commandment ? mccall yes . roper what 's the first commandment ? mccall thou shall have no other God before I . that 's not the answer roper want . roper okay , forget that . what 's the main one . mccall be tired of guess . mccall you tell I . roper thou shall not kill ... you have kill , right ? mccall yes . roper why ? mccall to save life . roper so why would you hesitate to lie to save life ? mccall can not argue with that one . roper turn and head back to the side door . roper let 's try it again . int . training room - later mccall come through the door . hand in the air . the setup in the room have be change a bit . the bad guy be behind the counter . several hostage in various position on the floor . mccall my name 's mccall . I be unarm . roper ( v.o. ) okay , stop . roper come through the side door . roper Close you eye . mccall be surprised by the command but close they . roper turn he away from the hostage scene . roper what do you see ? mccall ( rapid-fire ) a dirtbag behind the counter hold a saw - off . a berretta nine millimeter in he belt . a female hostage , red dress , on the floor in front of the cereal display . male hostage , jeans and blue check shirt , three foot to she right . another male hostage , white pants , green shirt , nike , lay in front of the magazine rack . a female dirtbag with a gun under she shirt , sit against the beer cooler , try to pass herself off as a hostage , and there 's a special on toilet - paper , four for a buck twenty - nine . mccall open he eye . roper 's impressed . roper very good . you have get good eye . that 's important . int . conference room - day roper and mccall be sit in the dark watch a video tape . it 's grainy footage of a hostage situation in a sport goods store . a negotiator confront with a gunman hold a ten year old girl hostage . the negotiator hold he hand out imploringly ... carefully move toward the gunman . the negotiator exchange himself for the little girl . the gunman grab the negotiator around the neck , hold the gun to he head . the little girl run out of the picture to safety . roper remain dead silent during all this . mccall look over at he . the blue light flicker over roper 's motionless face . mccall be that you partner ? roper nod . mccall why do he do it ? roper ( quietly ) because he know the little girl have zero chance of survival and he chance would be a little better ... we have a plan , but swat open up too early . he get catch in the crossfire . ( a sad beat ) let 's move on ... notice this . always use the eye to keep the connection . it almost like hypnosis . that 's the most important thing . create a connection . you be always on they side ... mccall watch he for a beat , then turn he attention back on the screen . ext . golden gate racetrack - day beautiful day . roper and mccall lean against the rail at the walk ring . the horse be be parade and saddle . roper scrutinize they with a expert eye . mccall seem totally disinterested . roper you know why I like the track ? mccall you be a compulsive gambler ? roper ignore that . roper because there be a multitude of possibility 's . everything be there to see if you know what to look for . you have to read the condition , just like in a hostage situation . roper point across the ring to a particular horse . roper see the four horse . drop in class . no work . Front wrap . look like he 's break down . but notice the woman in the sun hat . she 's the owner . she would not have come if she horse be break down . he 's live . we use he . mccall listen indifferently . roper see the favorite ? tail up . washy . he do not want to run today . Cross he off ... now the six look good . on he toe . coat shiny . this trainer / jockey combo do well . we can not leave he out . ( turn to mccall ) what do you think ? mccall I have two word for you ... seek help . roper I have three word for you ... ex - ac - to . int . betting window - day roper be buy ticket . mccall be with he , watch the other bettor , the odd board , all the monitor ... strange place . roper finish and turn away from the window . hand mccall a ticket . roper I buy you a four-six exacta box . you owe I twenty buck . mccall ( puzzle ) I do . ext . seating area - day roper and mccall pass by a gambler . gambler hey , roper . roper how you doin ' , marv ? they sit down in a box right up front . roper we need the 4 and 6 to finish to first and second . mccall ( no enthusiasm ) Fine . roper use he binocular to watch the horse warm up on the backstretch . mccall I be tell that newspaper photographer be you former girlfriend . roper look over at he . what 's this about ? roper ronnie ... yeah , so . mccall now she 's go out with greg barnett ? roper so what do you want ?... a autograph . mccall I do not know why she would pick he over you . roper throw mccall a skeptical look . mccall ( straight - face ) I be just practice my lie . roper still need work . mccall ( downcast ) you be right . I will never be as good a liar as you . track announcer ( o.s. ) and they be racing ! on the track the horse spring from the gate . ( the track announcer 's call play through race ) in the stand roper watch intently through the binocular . mccall sit impassively . roper okay , we be in good shape . we be in good shape . mccall look across the track . mccall the 6 horse be last . roper that 's okay . that 's he style . mccall to run last ? roper to run late ! roper follow the horse into the turn . roper the favorite 's fade . I tell you he be not go to run today ... the four horse have get the lead ! mccall sit like a wax figure . mccall ( cynically ) the 6 horse be still last . roper he will be run at the quarter pole . on the track the horse head into the stretch . the four be on the lead and the six be start to unleash a big run . pass horse with every stride . roper ( v.o. ) there he go . in the stand mccall sit forward slightly . mccall they need to run first and second ? roper yeah , first and second . roper get to he foot . on the track the horse thunder down the stretch . the four horse be in front and the six be come on from behind . in the stand roper be on he foot scream . roper come on , Russell ! come on , Russell . mccall jump to this foot and join he . mccall come on russell !... ( to roper ) who the fuck 's Russell ?! roper the jockey ! mccall come on , russell ! roper and mccall cheer together . on the track the four horse cross the finish line in front . the six horse be fly ... need to beat one horse to be second ... he 's run out of room ... with one last surge he hit the wire and ... it 's too close to call . in the stand mccall , really excited , turn to roper . mccall we win ! roper ( dishearten ) we lose . mccall ( confidently ) we win . roper how much you wanna bet ? mccall you want to bet on whether you win you bet ? this be get sick . angle on tote board as the photo finish light go out and the number come on ... 4 - 6 - 8 . they win . in the stand roper yes ! High fives . roper that 's eight hundred buck . int . bet / cash window - day roper and mccall collect they money . four hundred a piece , not bad . mccall pocket he money . mccall how long you be come here ? roper about six year . my partner take I . mccall be it always like this ? roper occasionally you lose . suddenly roper 's beeper go off . he check it , take out a cellular phone and dial . roper ( into the phone ) roper here . ( he listen ) I be on my way . he hang up and turn to mccall . roper we gotta go . ext . jewelry store - union square - day marble facade . tastefully reinforce window and door . chopper circle overhead . both end of the street be seal off . barricade be up . spectator and news crew crowd behind that . numerous police circulate . this be a major operation in full swing . int . TRAVEL agency - command CENTER - day it 's across the street from the jewelry store . second story . the wall be plaster with travel poster . a poster of tahiti be the most prominent . member of police and swat be stand over a blueprint of the jewelry store spread out on a table . right behind they be a tv monitoring the front of the store . Solis be at another desk , on the phone . he 's talk to the suspect . solis we be work on that , Joe . this thing be not quite that simple . ext . STREET - day roper and mccall push through the barricade and come walk down the cordon - off street . mccall take a look at the jewelry store . well fortify , forebode . mccall this do not look good . roper look over there , give no reaction . they reach Solis ' convertible cadillac . it 's park out front of the travel agency building . roper see this . Solis have I drive the shit-mobile , and he pick this up straight out of impound for fourteen grand . probably worth thirty . mccall Police corruption . it 's everywhere . int . command post - day roper and mccall enter . mccall join the man who be study the blueprint . roper stand by Solis and listen , take note of the poster of tahiti . look invite . solis this will take time to setup . I will have to get authorization . ( he listen ) okay , you relax , and I will -- Solis pull the phone away from he ear . Joe have obviously hang up . roper what do we get ? solis 32 minute ago the silent alarm go off , then the fire alarm . a unit be a block away , and the suspect get trap inside . roper any verification on number . solis we have only see and talk to one suspect . he call himself " Joe " . there 's two jeweler , two salespeople , the manager , a security guard , and a elderly woman . this particular store be where they do a lot of jewelry make and repair . they have anywhere from 8 to 10 million in raw stone on any give day , so they sure as shit do not just wander in . they know what they be come for . roper what have you promise they ? solis just that I would talk to my superior . mccall return from check out the blueprint . roper any good point of entry ? mccall shake he head . mccall the place be design to be a vault . roper pick up the cellular phone . it dial automatically . roper ( into the phone ) my name 's roper . how be you people do in there ? ( he listen ) Solis be off the job now , Joe . I be the guy authorize to give you whatever you want . ( listen ) that 's right , but first I need to come down there to talk to you . int . jewelry store - day we do not see anything but the suspect on the other end of the phone . he 's wear a ski mask and glove . totally unrecognizable to the audience . we will find out soon that he be , in fact , korda . he appear very cool and collect . korda you do not have to come here . int . command CENTER - day roper yes , I do . that way there 's no misunderstandings . I need to make sure no one 's hurt , then we can take care of business . a long pause ... then a bit sinister . korda ( v.o. ) alright , roper . you want to come ... come . roper good . I will not be armed . we gotta operate on trust here . we be go to wrap this up and have you guy out of here as soon as possible . roper click off the phone . he already do not like the sound of this guy . ext . STREET outside jewelry store - day roper , bulletproof vest , hand in the air , walk across the eerily desert street straight toward the jewelry store . it 's quiet now . the chopper have be pull back . roper reach the sidewalk right in front of the store . korda crack the door open . korda ( warningly ) stay there . roper stop in he track . roper I be go to put my hand down , okay . roper slowly lower he hand . int . command CENTER everybody watch through the window . ext . jewelry store - day korda take a half step out the doorway . the glove hand that be visible be not hold a weapon . the other half of he body be hide inside the doorway . he wear jeans , a black shirt , and black nike tennis shoe . he stare fiercely from behind the ski mask . there 's no sign of fear in he . korda be you in charge , roper ? roper yep . korda I want a car . like a four wheel drive . I want it in perfect condition . I want a uniform cop to drive it up right here . I want he to leave the engine run and walk to the end of the street . then we will come out . I do not want any remote control device in it . I know all the trick . if it 's not in perfect condition , and I mean if its even low on wiper fluid , I be go to kill somebody and we be gonna start again . korda let that sink in . korda I want a plane wait at the airport . I will tell they where I want to go when I get there . roper be that all ? korda for now that 's all . roper you will get it . but , Joe , I want you to do something for I . let I take a look around inside . make sure everybody 's okay . korda no . you just do shit for I right now . korda 's eye glare from behind the ski mask . he 's a ominous figure . roper Joe , I be do a lot for you . I think you could give I something to cement the deal ... one hostage . korda I will give you something . korda pull a wad - up handkerchief out of he pocket and toss it to roper . roper unwrap the handkerchief . detail shot it 's a human ear . korda in fifteen minute it will be a bigger piece . I assume there be no " misunderstanding " . roper be as serious as we have ever see he . roper I understand you completely . korda disappear back behind the door . ext . command CENTER - day roper trudge back in . thing be more active now . logistical officer be make flow chart . photo of the hostage be be post on a bulletin board . roper approach Solis , mccall and the swat captain who be anxiously wait for he report . roper ( flatly ) we be go to have to take this guy out . that draw a long silence . that 's something roper rarely say . solis can not we wear he down ? roper hand Solis the handkerchief with the ear in it . Solis eye it with dismay . roper I believe there 's at least one fatality in there already . the fire alarm be probably set off by gunfire . I believe he 's work alone , both from he conversation and the fact that he would not come out beyond the doorway . he be hold a gun on the hostage while he be talk to I . his demeanor be calm and control , that 's what really scare I . the other bad news be that he also indicate a familiarity with we technique . ( a beat ) so , do you want to go in or wait for he to come out ? mccall calmly offer he opinion . mccall let he come out . too many unknown in there . Solis nod . that will be the plan . mccall when we drive up the car , make sure it 's at a angle about three foot from the curb . ( to swat Captain ) put we best man " highground " , twenty degree down angle . the swat Captain motion and turn to one of he underling . swat captain have Anderson prep it and notify we when he 's on line . the underl hurry off to take care of it . Solis look at roper dejectedly . solis I feel this thing go sideways on we . roper try to buck he up . roper there be some good news . he 's wear a ski mask , so he 's protect he identity and have not determine to kill all the hostage ... ( big pause ) yet . int . jewelry store - day the jewel thief pull off he ski mask to reveal he be korda . his face be sweaty . Hair matte . angle widen to show five very scared hostage : a jeweler , middle - age , bald . the male manager , good-look , thirty , three piece suit . two salesgirls , nicely dress , late twenty . a female customer , gray-haire hillsborough matron . they be all seat against the wall . there be two fatality lie on the floor . the guard and one of the jeweler . korda point he gun at the manager and the other jeweler and motion to the dead body . korda drag they behind the counter . the two man reluctantly get to they foot and commence the grim task . the two salesgirl watch korda fearfully . the older female customer seem to be in a lesser state of reality . her eye be a bit far away . korda move over to the remain display case that have not be loot . with the barrel of he gun , he smashes the glass , reach in and pick out the jewelry . he dump it in a open satchel already half - fill with packet of raw gemstone and gold chain . suddenly , the older woman customer get to she foot . she seem fairly out - of - it . maybe in shock . she start walk toward the front door frown with dissatisfaction . woman customer I be not stay here another minute . salesgirl # 1 ( panicky ) no , Mrs. dotson . korda rush around the display case . korda come here , hag . he grab a handful of the woman 's coiff gray hair and drag she away from the door . she shriek . the manager take a step toward korda . manager leave she alone ! korda pistol whip she across the forehead and drop she unconscious to the floor then turn the gun on the manager . korda you be a brave one , be not you ? the manager glare at he . he 's about korda 's size . he think about make a run at he . salesgirl # 2 ( plead ) sit down , Doug . a long beat ... the manager sit back down on the floor with the other hostage . salesgirl 1 be give aid to the old woman . korda look down at she . korda if she 's not conscious when it 's time to leave , I will have to kill she . korda go back to the display case to collect the rest of the gem . ext . STREET - day cop clear spectator out of the way as a green ford explorer rumble through the barricade and head down the desert street . int . command CENTER - day roper and mccall at the window , attention fix on the store . the explorer crawl to a stop in front of the jewelry store . Parks at a slight angle . the uniform police officer get out , leave the engine run , and walk off back to the barricade . roper okay . time to give this fucker a call . roper pick up the phone , wait . everybody tensely watch the store . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . build - same a sniper team watch the store from a third floor window . int . command CENTER - same roper hold the phone . it 's still ringing . ext . rooftop - different build - same another sharpshoot team . poise . wait . ext . another rooftop - same and still another sharpshooter team . int . command CENTER - same the phone be still ringing . roper this fucker 's not answer . just then , the front door of the jewelry store swing open . a spray of white vapor shoot out the doorway . korda be discharge a fire extinguisher . mccall there 's you answer . he 's smart . roper he 's cut down the visibility . mccall and do a very good job of it . a thick cloud of white hang over the sidewalk obscure the front of the jewelry store . roper put down the phone . mccall come on . give we one clean shot . swat captain ( into he radio ) all position , you have the green light . mccall they be out . roper grab a pair of binocular . he Pov through the haze , we catch glimpsis of the hostage circle around the figure in the ski mask . they slowly shuffle toward the explorer . mccall watch intently . ext . rooftop - same a sniper watch through he scope . finger poise on the trigger . angle through the scope low visibility through the haze . the figure in the ski mask waver in and out of the crosshair , shield momentarily by the jeweler , then he flash back into the crosshair . the sniper try to lock he in . int . command CENTER - roper be Pov - binoculars - same the figure in the ski mask lean slightly and roper catch a glimpse of the hostage right behind he . roper recognize he instantly . roper it 's korda . mccall see he now , too . mccall they switch clothes . roper drop the binocular and grab he police radio . roper ( urgently ) hold you fire ! hold you fire ! too late . a shot ring out . the figure in the ski mask go down , hit by the bullet . roper shit ! where would that shot come from ? hold you fire ! more shot ring out . down on the STREET the white vapor cloud swirl . the hostage , spatter with blood , scream and scatter . the figure in the ski mask lie dead on the sidewalk . korda , dress in the manager 's three piece suit , hold the satchel of jewel in one hand and he gun in the other fire back at the sniper . he grab salesgirl 1 and drag she into the explorer . int . command CENTER roper see korda move toward the car with one of the hostage . mccall he 's get the girl . roper damnit ! as roper turn into the room he notice a set of key on Solis ' desk . roper ( grab the key ; to Solis ) be this yours ? solis yeah , they be but ... roper ( to mccall ) come on ! as roper and mccall move toward the door ... solis roper , what be you go to do ? do not take my ... and roper and mccall be go . solis ...car . down on the STREET Police come rush onto the street . gun draw . the explorer roar off down the block . roper and mccall burst out of the command center building , leap into Solis ' cadillac and tear off after the van . mccall be behind the wheel . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . police barricade - day the explorer come barrel toward it . spectator scatter . two squad car screech up behind the barricade , try to block korda 's escape . the explorer plows through the metal barricade . bash the squad car out of the way . and scream off around the corner . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . STREET - day the explorer careen up a alley and burst into the congest traffic of a side street . honk -screech ! a Toyota swerve to miss it and broadside a park car . the explorer fishtail off down the street . int . van - day the salesgirl be terrify . korda check the rear view mirror . no one on he tail ... at first . then the cadillac come speed up behind ... int . cadillac - day roper and mccall have the Van in sight , about a block ahead . roper pick up the radio . mccall suspect head west on sutter now pass Jones . can we get a intercept ? a voice come back . voice ( v.o. ) r-32 - David . we be proceeding south on hyde . will intercept . int . van - day korda have one eye on the road and the other on the rear view mirror . the cadillac be make up ground . up ahead a squad car screech into the intersection and smoke to a stop . korda jerk the wheel , pull a scream right turn and head up the hill . ext . STREET - day the cadillac be only about a hundred foot behind the van ... brake squealing , it swerve around the corner in pursuit . the van hit the top of the hill and go airborne ... slam back down to the pavement . int . van - day korda floor it , and we get a frightening view out the windshield as they head straight downhill . the salesgirl be beyond petrify . the cadillac reach the top of the hill . go fast . int . cadillac as it rock forward violently . Front bumper slamm against the pavement . mccall see the van ahead . hammer the accelerator . no fear . van korda see traffic ahead ... intersection jamme . he pull a hard leave . the van cut straight across the corner ... up on the sidewalk ... shear a mailbox ... a row of newspaper machine fly through the air ... the van speed off down a one - way street ... the cadillac arrive at the intersection a few second later ... intersection still jamme ... people now stand on the corner gawk at the damage . the caddy screech to a stop . mccall honk ... the people scatter ... the cadillac drive through the corner . the van wrong way down a one - way street . Cars come right at we in every angle . frantic honking . salesgirl shriek . tire smoking ... no way to avoid collision ... except korda pull a leave a instant before impact ... the van speed back up the hill . the cadiliac down the same one way street ... come up on the head - on traffic , now stop , paralyze with fear from the near collision with korda ... ext . STREET - day the cadillac roar around the corner and head up the hill . int . van korda , check the rear view mirror . the caddy be a short distance behind . attention still focus behind , korda enter a intersection , run a red light ... cross -traffic ... korda stiffen ... pull on the wheel the STREET the van swerve ... but not quick enough ... grinding metal ... shatter glass ... the van roll over another car ... brief CUT - looking out through the windshield korda and the salesgirl toss about as the van do a dizzying roll ... the van ... and crash back down to the street upside down . after a beat , korda crawl from the wreckage carry the satchel of jewel . the salesgirl do not emerge . he spot a cable car reach the top of the hill and start its long descend . he head toward it ... int . cable car as korda come toward they from the wreckage , some of the passenger view he uneasily . the cadillac hit the top of the hill just in time for rope and mccall to see korda leap onto the move cable car . cable car other passenger give korda room . they can sense that he be not here merely for the ride . korda look out the back ... roper and mccall have not lose track of he . the cadillac be make up ground on the cable car . korda move to the back exit , pull he gun and fire off a couple of shot at the caddy . int . cadillac a bullet fracture the windshield . mccall swerve . back on the cable car that make up the mind of many of the passenger . they leap off the cable car . korda take aim on the caddy again and fire ! the brakeman charge down the aisle while korda have he attention focus out the back and try to shove he off the cable car ... almost work ... but korda be able to hang on by one hand ... he swing around toward the brakeman who turn involuntarily as he see the barrel of the gun point at he ... bang ! korda shoot he in the back . the brakeman stagger down the aisle and slump across the brake lever , release it more . ext . under cable car the brake be stress . ext . STREET now driverless , the cable car pick up speed ... broadside a car ... push it into park car ... the cable car korda and the remain passenger be rock around . the cable car thunder towards we ... fill the frame ... a side angle show the cable car leave the wreckage in its wake . cadillac it pass the smashed car . mccall look at the speedometer as he pace the cable car . it 's go at 45 mph . mccall what the fuck be go on . roper I do not know , but I have get to get on there . mccall you be crazy . roper pull up alongside . ext . intersection the cable car barrel through ... plow into two cross-traffic car ... knock they aside ... keeps pick up speed . the cadillac weave through the wreckage ... make up ground on the cable car , try to pull alongside . the cable car for the moment , korda be not shoot at the caddy . his attention be now focus downhill as ... korda' Pov the cable car nail another vehicle send it spin off to the side . the caddy dodge the spin car ... jump up onto the sidewalk ... mow down parking meter ... jump back onto the street . the cable car korda lean out the door , take aim at the caddy ... another jamme intersection up ahead ... int . car of man trapped in intersection he see the cable car come in he rear view mirror . he bail out ... the cable car slam into the back of the car . Major impact . the cable car korda and the passenger be throw to the floor . the rear-ended car tumble down the hill ... Hit a car come uphill and roll into a park car . the cadillac speed up alongside the cable car . roper climb over the windshield , onto the hood and leap onto the cable car . int . cable car korda see he come . fire . roper dive out the other side of the cable car . cable car roper hang off the side . he get he gun out of he holster ... up ahead , a car pull away from the curb ... roper swing around to get back into the relative safety of the cable car . as he do he gun be rake out of he hand by the car which avoid a collision by a millimeter . cable car korda aim as roper re-enter ... cable car as it crash into the back of a car turn leave . everyone be throw toward the front of the car . korda 's gun go fly . roper dive on top of he . they trade punch . mccall be in b.g. with the caddy pace the cable car . intersection pedestrain bolt out of the way as the cable car streak through ... the cable car roper hammer korda into unconsciousness . outside mccall be honk and yell like crazy . roper look over ... mccall point ahead ... roper' Pov the cable car . roper leap to the brake lever . pull on it . angle under the cable car the clamp try to slow the descent . it whine and smoke ... then disintegrate before we eye . the cable car roper feel the lever go slack in he hand . the cable car be speed toward the end of the line ... no way to stop it ... roper turn and take a run leap into the caddy ... int . caddy he land in the passenger seat . roper pound he foot down on the accelerator . the caddy lunge ahead of the cable car ... mccall can not figure out what he 's do . roper yank the steering wheel hard right ... ext . STREET the caddy collide with the front of the cable car . tire scream . the steel wheel clatter . a cloud of burn rubber form . the cable car grind forward push the cadillac ... but it 's work . the cable car be slow . bottom of STREET the crowd now see the caddy and cable car bear down on they . General hysteria as they flee . the cable car korda regains consciousness . see what 's go on . he grab the satchel and bail out of the cable car ... STREET ... onto the hood of a pass taxi . the taxi slam on its brake . korda roll off the hood , pick himself up and run into a underground garage . the cable car grind to a halt just short of the end of the line . roper grab mccall 's gun off the seat and leap out of the caddy to pursue korda . people approach to ogle the two vehicle in astonishment . int . garage - day roper move up a interior stairway , gun in " ready " position . he know korda be somewhere in the parking structure . he glide up the stairway to the third level . check back over the rail ... no one around ... then a sound from inside the garage ... footstep maybe . roper carefully open the door ... swing in with he gun ... int . third level - garage lot of car , but no one in sight . roper move quickly to the protection of a row of car ... he crouch down . scan beneath the car ... no sign of korda . roper search between two row ... come up beside a van ... thinks he hear something stir inside . whirl a gun toward the window . a dog lunge at the camera ... snarl ... bare tooth ... roper move on . new angle as a BMW crawl through the parking structure . roper step into the foreground , right into its path , gun visible . the BMW roll to a stop . roper approach with caution . roper come up beside the car and see a very frighten 30 year old blonde . roper take a check out of the backseat . roper sorry , go . inside the car the woman roll up the window and hit the gas . she drive off . int . garage roper stand in the middle of the garage and take a final scan ... he have the discouraging feel that korda might have escape . he head toward the exit ... suddenly a screech of tire ... roper whirl to see a sedan bear down on he . he drive and fire ! bullet shatter the windshield . the car continue toward roper . he have to roll out of the path of the car . the car swerve past roper . tries to make it down the ramp . roper fire again , take out the rear window and a rear tire . the car slide along the guard rail and continue down to the next level . roper run after it . garage - 2 nd level as the car reach the next level , korda lose control and pile into a park car . korda crawl out of the car clutching he precious satchel of jewel . daze , he stagger away from the wreck . roper move to he with a face grim as death . he strip the satchel from korda 's hand and slam he against the open car door . korda go to he knee . roper hold the barrel of he gun right up between korda 's eye . roper give I one reason why I should not kill you right here . korda stare back at roper defiantly . he know a cop will not kill he in cold blood ... what he do not know be that roper do not give a shit about that rule at this moment . roper you know Sam baffert be a friend of mine . he have a wife ... and he have a daughter . korda stare past the barrel of the gun . korda I do not give a shit about you or you fuck friend . and that make roper even angrier ... but he keep it all inside . his expression be as cold as a San Francisco night . he yank back hard on korda 's hair . pushes the gun tighter against korda 's forehead . he 's on the verge of execute this guy . korda you can not kill I like this . roper what if you and I get into a struggle ... and my gun go off ? in a flash , roper point the gun upward and fire off a shot ! roper could I kill you then ? ( beat , beat ) could I kill you then ? roper jam the gun back under korda 's chin . a pull of the trigger would send a bullet straight up through korda 's skull . and now korda be fully convinced . he squeeze he eye close . face strain so hard , he look like he 's go to burst out of he skin . angle - mccall move across garage into position . mccall roper ! put it down !... put it down man , we get he . ( beat ) come on ... put it down . Long , long beat . roper ease up and korda smile . just when we feel the scene be over , roper turn back quickly and kick korda in the stomach , then grab korda by the hair , pull he head back and shove the gun in he face . roper we do this shit by the book , but you be not gonna be smile . korda be double up cough , spitting up blood . roper walk away as mccall move in to put the cuff on korda . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . metro division - night roper be sit in a cubicle do paperwork . a group of reporter and photographer move down the hallway adjoin the squadroom . one of they be ronnie . through the glass wall , she notice roper sit alone at the computer . she bid good - night to the reporter and come into the squadroom . ronnie you be not at the press conference . roper keep tapping away at the computer . roper I want to get this out of the way . ronnie you get a bet on the game tonight ? roper as a matter of fact , I do . she nod knowingly . ronnie it 's already start . roper I be go to catch the last half on tv . ronnie watch he for a moment . he stop type , look at she and smile . she suddenly become self - conscious . guess it be something she be think . ronnie good-night . she turn abruptly to leave . roper find himself rise from he chair . roper you have dinner with Mr. Baseball ? she turn back around . ronnie greg be on a road trip . I be just go to make some pasta . he take a few step toward . roper that kind with the garlic and the oil that I like so much ? ronnie no . the kind from kraft , with the macaroni and the cheese . roper I have be craving that stuff all week . ronnie and it 's hard to get . he look at she innocently . ronnie just dinner . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . kitchen - night ronnie be make macaroni . roper help to prepare a dress to go with the salad . he be mixing oil , vinegar , sugar and spice . he let she have a taste . roper what do you think ? ronnie mmm , need a little something . roper what be you talk about ? this be it . this be the stuff right here . ( beat ; he taste ) well , maybe just a pinch more sugar . ronnie yeah that 's it . roper why do not you just stick you finger in and stir it up . ronnie ( laugh ) scottie ... there be a long pause as he look at she . roper what would you say if I quit gambling ? ronnie stir the macaroni . ronnie I would say you would be miserable ... it 's not the gambling . it 's what the gambling get in the way of . the track be where you would take you trouble instead of share they with I ... ronnie put the lid on the macaroni . there be a beat before she continue . ronnie scottie , remember the day you lose that hostage in union square . you come over that night and we make mad , crazy love . but I do not even know what happen ... ' till I hear it on the news the next morning . roper it 's because I want to keep you away from that world . ronnie it 's not that world . it 's you world . it 's part of who you be . roper ( beat ) Veronica , it 's not easy for I ... I do not know if I can change overnight . but what I be tell you be that I want to share everything with you , because I do not ever want to be without you again . the dog yawn . they laugh . roper move closer to she . he kiss she and she respond . int . ronnie' bedroom - night the lovemake be over . roper be gaze at the ceiling , think . ronnie be cuddle around he . a comfortable moment ... roper what about greg ? what be you gonna tell he ? ronnie it 's okay . we break up . roper ( surprised ) when ? ronnie just now . int . county jail visiting room - day clarence teal , korda 's cousin sit in front of the plexiglass wall . he 's edgy , fidgety . clarence do not like to make visit to jail . korda , wear prison clothes , be lead in by a guard . korda take a seat at the other side of the plexiglass wall and pick up the receiver . clarence pick up he receiver . clarence how ya doin ' , man ? korda grip the phone , lean forward and stare through the wall . korda you gotta do something for I ... this fucker , roper , he 's gotta girlfriend . she work at the newspaper . I want you to take care of she . clarence be totally unnerve by this request . clarence hey , Michael , that 's not my thing . korda glare at he murderously . korda you gotta do this for I . I be in here because of you . clarence man , what 's this about ? ya know , you be robbing a store . it be not personal . it be he job . korda ( explode ) fuck you ! you know what he do to I ?!... korda start to draw the attention of the guard . he control himself , lower he voice . but the viciousness be still there . korda he hold a gun to my head and say he should kill I right then ... he make I ... he do not finish that think . korda you do this for I clarence . clarence be get very upset . clarence do not make do it , Mike . korda be you go to turn on I too ? who help you when you be strung out ? who give you money ? who bail you out of jail ? clarence I will not get away with it . korda nobody know who you be . make it look like a robbery . clarence hold back tear , because he know he 's go to have to do this . ext . ronnie' house - night a gray San Francisco evening . it start to rain . int . ronnie' kitchen - night she 's cooking some kind of sauce . she have a taste . ext . ronnie' house - night a subjective Pov watch through the window as she move around the kitchen . int . kitchen - night ronnie pour some oil in a pan . the phone ring . she cross the kitchen to answer it . int . pickup - night roper on he cell phone . paco be on the seat beside he . roper hi , I be go to stop at the corner for some wine . roper notice the rain , search for the windshield wiper switch . int . ronnie' kitchen - night ronnie how 's paco do ? int . pickup - night roper he be go nut at the park . he meet this very attractive poodle . they make plan to meet again next weekend . paco sit there panting . roper pull the pickup over in front of the store . int . kitchen - store ronnie okay , dinner will be ready when you get here . she hang up . ext . ronnie' house - night through the window we watch she cross back to the stove . int . kitchen - night ronnie lift the lid on the sauce . stir . it spatter on she blouse . she regards the stain with dismay . put the lid back on and leave the kitchen . int . hallway - night ronnie unbutton she blouse as she move to the ... int . bedroom - night she take off the blouse , go to the closet door ... throw it open . she look around . something 's not right . she take a step into the closet and find what she 's look for -- a laundry basket -- tuck away in the corner . she put the soile blouse in the hamper and take a fresh one off a hanger . she button the clean blouse as she walk to ... int . bathroom - night Dark . she turn on the light . she go to the mirrore medicine cabinet . in the reflection behind she the shower curtain be draw , flutter ever so slightly . she open the medicine cabinet . take out some perfume . dab some on she neck . she put back the bottle and close the cabinet . we fully expect someone to be stand right behind she in the reflection ... there 's no one there . she turn off the light as she walk out of the bathroom . int . hallway - night ronnie walk back to the kitchen ... notice something on the floor further down the hallway ... what be it ? she move closer ... and now we get to the Pov that tell we someone be in the house ... watch she through a crack doorway . brief CUT a hand open a buck knife . Water drip from the finger . back in the hall ronnie bend down . it 's a wet spot . like half a shoeprint . she reach down to touch it ... buzzzzz !!!! the oven timer . she hurry back to the kitchen . int . ronnie' kitchen - night she turn off the timer and pull some chicken out of the oven . she put it down on the counter and cross to the refrigerator . she open the door and look inside . the refrigerator door obscure half the frame ... she dig around for something ... we be sure that when she close the door , he 's go to be behind it ... she take out a head of lettuce and ... close the door ... still no one there . she turn ... clarence be stand there . dripping wet . ronnie shriek ... the knife flash forward ... she grab the lid from the sauce pan and clang ... fend off the blade . she bolt for the hallway . clarence grab she by the blouse ... rip ! she pull away . in the hallway she race down the hall . clarence lunge into frame . she go down ... he go down ... the knife go skid down the hallway ... ronnie scramble to get it ... clarence have she by the ankle ... she claw for the knife ... just out of reach . ext . ronnie' house - night roper 's pickup pull up in front . he get out . paco jump out behind he . it 's raining harder . they hurry up the walkway toward the house . suddenly roper realize he forget the wine . he go back to the truck . paco pad after he . roper open the driver 's side door , reach in and grab the wine . he close the door , start away , but pause to check himself in the window . suddenly , a floodlight come crash through ronnie 's front bay window . it SPARKS and flash . still plugge in , it bungee to a stop hallway down the front of the house . flickering and flashing . roper rush toward the house ... crashes through the front door ... up the stairway ... paco bound after he ... roper hit she front door run ... wham ! he bounce off . he shoulder it again ... the door do not give ... he pull out he gun ... bam ! bam ! shoot off the lock . int . ronnie' apt . - night a quick shot of clarence 's hand grab the knife . int . stairway - night roper kick open the door . charge in . int . ronnie' live room - night ronnie be lay on the floor , gasp for air . choke mark around she throat . roper rush to she side . paco be on he heel . roper you okay ?! she nod . point out the back way . roper ( to paco ) stay . the dog obediently stay with ronnie . roper dash out the back . ext . back of ronnie be - night raining more heavily now . roper burst out onto the back porch . see clarence leaping off the last rung of the fire escape to the alley . roper fly down the fire escape ... vault the last flight and race after clarence . ext . STREET - night clarence sprint down the block ... through the intersection ... honk ! screech ! a car barely miss he . it do a one -eighty on the rain-slick pavement . clarence disappear into the shadow . roper arrive a beat later ... streak through the intersection ... into the shadow . ext . another STREET - night this one be steep . clarence huff and puff as he labor . he shoot into a doorway . tries the door . lock . he look back . roper be come . relentless . he rush across the steep street . almost slip on the reflective asphalt . roper spot he crossing and pick up the pace . he can see that clarence be falter . near the top of the hill clarence stagger into a alleyway ... ext . alleyway - night narrow , dark and drip with rain . roper arrive at the mouth of the alley . gun ready , he move cautiously , eye adjust to the darkness . the patter of rain off the rooftop . his footstep . no other sound . he reach the end of the alley ... a brick wall . no way out . or so it would seem . however , clarence be nowhere in sight . roper turn back . Brick wall tower on both side , rise into darkness . roper check a steel door . lock . he check another one on the opposite side of the alley . also lock . where do clarence go ? he move back toward the mist light of the street ... slowly ... the faint rattle of a fire escape ... and clarence leap down out of the shadow . slash with the knife . he catch roper across the arm . rip through he clothes right down to the skin . roper 's gun clatter under a park car and into the street . clarence have first jump . he scramble into the street , around the car and grab the gun ... roper dive over the hood of the car and knock clarence down before he can aim . they roll into the middle of the street . both have a death grip on the weapon . clarence fight like a trap animal . thrash desperately . roper pin he on he back , but can not pry the gun out of he finger . wider shot headlights radiate over the crest of the hill . come quickly . roper see this . he roll out of the way , abandon the battle for the gun . clarence struggle to he knee . turn the weapon on roper ... a speed cab lunge over the top of the hill . clarence turn , trap in the searing headlight . tire squeal . brake lock . clarence be transfix ... wham ! he 's launch through the air like a ragdoll ... his body land limply 30 foot down the street . the cabby get out of he vehicle . cabby Jesus Christ . what be he do ?! roper walk down the hill to the body . the cabby follow . cabby there be no way I could miss he . roper ignore the cabby . he look down at clarence 's body , contemplate something . cabby this be not my fault . roper shut the fuck up ! the cabby immediately clam up . roper get on you radio and get the police here . roper stare at clarence 's body , steel - eye . int . county jail visiting room - day korda be lead in again . a expression of surprise register on he face when he see who 's wait for he . korda' Pov roper be sit stoically behind the plexiglass wall . korda don a smug expression and take a seat . he pick up he receiver as roper pick up he . roper if you try again to hurt I or anyone I know , I be go to have you kill . korda feign total innocence . korda what in the world be you talk about , Mr. roper ? roper take out a photograph and hold it up against the glass . roper here 's a picture of you cousin clarence . that gentleman stand over he be the coroner . korda 's face tighten . he drop the innocent act . his countenance be now a study in hate . korda I use to have a apartment , a car , jewelry . I have a fuck eight thousand dollar watch . now look what I have . he motion around . korda you be threaten I ? you think I give a fuck ? you think you can scare I off ? ( a laugh ) why do not you come in here and kick my ass ? get some of you guard friend in here to help . I would like that . roper glare at he mount rage . korda ( smirk ) he really shook you up , do not he ?... I have get ten year worth of appeal to figure out how to fuck with you . who know ? maybe some scumbag lawyer will get I out on a technicality . roper sit there , suddenly feel powerless . korda you come here to threaten I ? that 's a laugh . maybe you should beg I ... go ahead . get down on you knee . roper leap from he chair and smashes the receiver against the plexiglass wall . roper you motherfucker , I swear I will kill you ! the guard rush over and restrain roper . wrestle he away from the glass wall . roper push he off and gather himself . he give korda one last stare . korda sit there smirk back at he ... roper turn he back and walk out . int . roper' office - day mccall be practice he negotiate technique in a mirror . mccall I be here to help you . not quite right . he adjust he stance . this time put a little hand movement into it . mccall I be here to help you . talk to I . he 's still not satisfied . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . roper' office - day Captain Solis poke he head in the door , he 's be look for mccall . solis we get a situation at the v.a. Hospital . the respond officer have request a negotiator . mccall where 's roper ? solis he 's on he way . get over there . ext . veteran' hospital rooftop - day a veteran wear green fatigue be dangle another wheelchair bound vet over the edge . fourteen floor up . the two front wheel be literally hang out there in space . vet # 1 ( rambling incoherently ) I can not fight this technology . they have microprocessor make in totally sterile environment . I have see that place . everyone be dress in white . it 's like paper clothing , man . they be not even human . vet 2 be struggle to stay in the chair and not be tip into the street 150 foot below . he be , needless to say , very panicky . vet # 2 Dave , do not do this , bro . pull I in . we will do a few lap in the park and figure out some other way . but he 's not get through to he friend . vet # 1 I can not help this , man . do you have any idea what that microchip look like ? how small they be when they put they in you brain ? int . stairwell - day lead to the roof . a couple of cop and member of the hospital staff peek out at the vet as he continue to rant and rave . mccall arrive at the top of the stair . officer # 4 sure look happy to see he . mccall take a peek out onto the roof . he be not happy about what he see . officer # 4 when we get here , he be already do he balance act . I be talk to he , but it make he more agitate so I back off . mccall why be he up there ? officer # 4 something about a microchip in he brain . mccall who be he ? a nurse answer he . nurse herrin David adler . he like to be call Dave . the other guy be walter sinclair . we hear the urgent cry of the vet in the wheelchair . voice ( v.o. ) somebody help I out here . somebody stop he . the nurse turn to mccall . nurse herrin what be you wait for ? mccall another negotiator be on he way . nurse herrin we can not wait for another negotiator . you have to do something . mccall what about the doctor ? nurse herrin he hate all the doctor . he say they be in on the conspiracy . vet # 1 ( o.s. ) where be everybody ? he 's go to kill I ! mccall take a deep breath and step out onto the roof . ext . roof - day mccall move slowly across the tar paper roof . Cloud overhead threaten rain . vet 1 turn to he suddenly , wobble the wheelchair . vet 2 shriek and nearly go over . mccall 's heart jump into he mouth . dave get the fuck out of here ! mccall be tense and stiff . he stammer . mccall I ... I be Kevin . I be here to help you , D ... Dave . dave you can not help I , man . so much for mccall 's opener . now what ? walter he 's high on something , man . give he some thorazine or something . Dave ignore walter . dave no one can help I . they be control my mind . mccall move a couple step closer . mccall who 's control you mind ? dave whoa !... the government . they control everybody 's mind . you be too fuck stupid to know that ? mccall fumble for the right response . mccall this have nothing to do with walter . dave they want walter dead ! ext . STREET below - day cop keep spectator back from the building . Fire truck and rescue vehicle be on the scene . everybody look straight up watch the wheelchair with its occupant dangle over the side of the building . ext . roof - day walter sit stock still in the wheelchair drench with sweat , eye close , praying . mccall Dave , look at I . Dave oblige . he look at mccall with eye that have lose the battle for sanity . mccall be momentarily freeze by that eye . bead of sweat have form on he forehead . mccall tell I what 's wrong . dave particle , man . I feel they all the time . I feel they in my arm and leg man , that 's how they punish I . mccall how can I help you with the particle ? dave it 's not just the particle man , it 's the whole fuck machine , this be how they get assassin to operate . it 's be this way since the cuban missile crisis . Dave start to look over into the street , he tip walter forward , walter shriek in mortal fear . White knuckle the armrest of he wheelchair and then : mccall ( blurt out ) they have less power over you if you look into my eye . dave huh ? mccall even surprise himself with that one . it be a sheer act of desperation . he hold he breath and wait to see what the effect be . Dave turn back around . dave huh ? ext . STREET - that moment roper 's truck come speed down the street , lurch to a halt . he leap out and speak to a fireman . roper whata ya get ? fireman some nut dangle a guy over the edge in a wheelchair . roper can you get a net out here ? fireman negative . it 's 14 floor up . no net gonna hold a fall from that high up . ext . roof - day mccall nod slowly . sweat pour off he . mccall we have be onto they for a long time . a glimmer from Dave . maybe mccall be a kindre spirit . mccall let I show you something . now he 's get Dave 's interest . mccall slowly take out he beeper . mccall see this . I be jam they , Dave . I be jam they frequency so they can not control you mind anymore . do not you feel that ? you do not have to do what they say . Dave listen to he head . walter he 's jam they , Dave . pull I back in . mccall you see , the particle be go , they can not punish you anymore . Dave try to feel for particle . tear form in Dave 's eye . dave tell my dad . mccall tell he what , what do you want I to tell he ? dave tell my dad I be sorry about the watch . mccall I will tell he . where do he live . we will get he on the phone right now . Dave be suddenly lose in think again . his expression turn to a frown : dave I hate fuck Springfield . mccall be that where you be family life ? then with sudden swiftness . dave I still hear they , man . you can not jam they . they have get the technology , man . they have get the satellite , Jack . they keep shoot beam off that satellite . what power do I have ? Dave push the wheelchair forward . mccall lunge for the wheelchair but do not make it . walter scream as he fall . mccall noooo ! walter and he wheelchair freefall down toward earth in slow motion . the wheelchair turn end over end . people scream as walter impact with the pavement . the wheelchair crash down nearby . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . roof - day mccall look over the edge at walter 's twisted body below . then he grab Dave and wrestle he down , cuffing he hand behind he back . the cop and Medical staff member rush out to restrain . int . lobby - day the crowd be disperse . roper be talk with some of the other cop . mccall storm out of the vet Hospital and down the stair . roper move toward he . roper mccall ! no response . mccall get into he nd sedan car and fire it up . roper mccall ! roper race over and manage to jump in just as the car screech away from the curb . BAY bridge - day mccall do not even seem to have register that roper be in the car with he . he drive . stone-face . roper study he for a beat . roper where be we go ? int . car - day move Pov through windshield of car , we see a freeway sign that say " Golden Gate racetrack . " ext . racetrack establish grand stand . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . betting area - day mccall pound over to the betting window . roper lean up against the window beside he . watch . mccall give I a twenty dollar four-six exacta . teller the six be scratch . this throw mccall for a beat . mccall then give I a fuck four-seven exacta . the teller punch out the ticket . mccall take the ticket and pound over to box seat area . roper follow a couple of step behind , give he some space . ext . BOX seat area - day mccall sit down in the same box as the last time . roper sit down next to he . ext . track - day the horse go into the gate . ext . BOX seat area - day mccall watch intently as the horse spring from the gate . ( the track announcer 's call play over the scene . ) mccall come on four horse ! come on Seven horse ! roper be not watch the horse . he 's watch mccall . watch he redirect all he pent up emotion . understand exactly how he feel . mccall be scream he head off . mccall come on four-seven ... come on ... come on ... come on ... the horse cross the wire . the four and seven finish mid - pack . mccall hang he head in despair . he do not give a shit about the race . he look inconsolable . roper it might have happen no matter who be up there . mccall bullshit ! would it have happen to you ? roper maybe ... there 's one thing you have to remember ... you do not create the situation . you can only try to save people from they . mccall I think I could do it . I be so damn sure of myself . but I do not know what to say . the word would not come . my mouth turn to mush . you make it look so easy , roper . but it be not . it 's not easy . ( beat ) it 's a different job than look through the rifle scope . roper that it be . a long silent beat . mccall how many have you lose ? roper I look at it as how many I have save . that 's the way you have get to look at it . mccall and what about the one you do not save ? roper you live with it ... and they haunt you . it do not leave . mccall and what if you can not live with it ? roper you have get to decide that for yourself . mccall squeeze he eye close . he can still see that vet fall to he death . roper can see mccall 's pain . roper I have lose three . one of they be my partner . I think about they every time I go into a situation . ( a beat ) there 's a million people in this city with all kind of twisted shit go on in they head , and the bitch of this job be that we expect to go out every day and do the impossible -- to somehow control all this craziness ... and we can not . ( a beat ) nobody 's fault you for this , mccall . my advice be you let yourself off the hook . mccall hear he but be still undecided . mccall I do not know ... I do not know ... roper get up , stand over mccall , put a hand on he shoulder . roper let 's get out of here . mccall slowly get up and they walk out . int . jail - day it 's a small interview room . korda sit opposite bail bondsman JOHN hawkins ( white , grizzle , forty ) . hawkins what the fuck ... you bring I all the way over here to tell I you have get no collateral ! what do I look like to you -- Santa Claus ? I be a bail bondsman ! korda no , no , see what I be sayin ' be , I have get the -- hawkins pick up a fuck phone for chrissake ! you think I get time for this crap ? korda hey , hey , I get shit on the outside . I get somebody cash it in for I and -- hawkins get up and go to the door . hawkins gimme a fuckin ' break . korda alright , alright , look , man , look , just leave I you card . I can get it to you by tomorrow night . hawkins look at he skeptically for a beat . then pull out he business card and hand it to he . he walk out the door as we hold on korda -- pockete the card . ext . postrio - night establish shot . int . postrio - night close - up of a glass of wine be pour . pull back to reveal roper and ronnie all dress up for a special evening . the waiter hover as roper taste the wine . roper ( snootily ) it have a nice " nose " . waiter the special this evening be braise sweetbread with a white truffle sauce on crack bulgar . roper look at he a long beat . roper that 's my favorite . ( smile ) why do not you give we a minute . the waiter retreat . roper look across the table at ronnie as she sip she wine . roper you like this place ? ronnie it 's very nice . roper I guess you realize that there 's something special that I want to talk to you about . she do not realize that . now she 's get nervous . ronnie there be ? roper for the last week thing have be go pretty well between we . I think we have be do a good job get intimate and all that stuff ... now she 's really worried . ronnie yeah ? roper ... let I just show you . roper reach into he coat pocket . ronnie scottie , we should think this over before we ... he pull out two airline ticket . roper tahiti . ronnie be immensely relieved . ronnie ohhh ... a vacation ... yeah that sound like a great idea . roper notice she relief and for the first time realize what she be think . roper oh you think I be go to ask you ... ronnie avert she eye , a bit embarrassed . roper oh , no-no-no-no-no ... let 's go to tahiti first and see if that work out ... roper pick up he menu and peruse it . roper I assume you be have you usual -- the " air dry venison " . int . hallway jail - day close on the wheel of a laundry cart , move slowly down the hall . a white metal door slide open , and the cart pass through . int . property room jail - continuous as the cart roll into the room tilt up to see korda push the cart . he stop . a guard ( guard # 3 ) stand with he back to korda . he 's on the phone . korda get another load . jail guard # 3 Rack them up . ( into the phone ) look , man , if it do not make it down here by five it 's not my problem . as the guard continue , korda hang several garment bag , zipped and tag , onto a electric trolley -- similar to the kind use by dry-cleaner to move clothing . korda all do . korda push a button and the trolley start to move . the guard , still on the phone , buzze open the door . on the guard back we hear korda wheeling the cart out the door . close angle on the door slide shut . on the guard back - close hold a beat . panning slowly around the room to find -- suit bag 's move on the trolley . boom down to find korda 's foot just as they lift off the ground and disappear behind the bag . angle on korda hang onto the trolley as it move along the wall and then down through a open in the floor and into ... int . basement jail - continuous as it loop around a large room , carry he toward the back wall . the metal ridge of the trolley CUT into he finger , draw blood . then he drop down , and quietly rummages through other bag of clothing . he try on a pair of pants but they come up to he ankle . he look like he 's about to go wading . as he rip they off and reach for another pair ... CUT to : int . long hallway jail - later korda appear around a corner , dress in street clothes , hold a clipboard -- move steadily toward camera . korda be Pov - down the hallway a female civilian employee head in he direction . as they pass he nod and she nod back . then korda pass through a door at the end of the hallway and into ... omitted sequence omit from original script . int . cell block - continuous the door close behind he and lock with the loud SNAP of metal . slowly , with deliberate step , he move down the corridor toward the door at the other end , past the first guard ( guard # 3 ) -- enclose in bullet proof glass . tracking - korda' feet step by step . the voice of prisoner , muffle behind thick glass . close on korda' face try to stay cool , he heart pound . then ... a voice ( o.s. ) hey ! korda freeze , then slowly turn to find ... a prison guard ( # 1 ) move toward he . the guard Pov - moving closer and closer to korda korda ... yeah ? the guard then stop in front of he and hold up he hand . jail guard # 1 you drop you card . korda take the card give to he by the bail bondsman . jail guard # 1 you guy be the scum of the earth . korda just tryin ' to make a live . korda turn and walk out the door into ... int . security room - continuous it 's the final step before get out of the building . a small room with another guard ( latino ; guard # 2 ) behind glass , and several tv monitor . a black woman ( forty -five ) be argue with a latino guard . jail guard # 2 I do not know what to tell you , mam , you brother be not here . try San bruno . woman I just come from San bruno -- they send I here ! jail guard # 2 I be sorry . then I do not know where he be . korda , fidget behind the woman impatiently , hold up he card ... korda listen , can I just sign outta here ? woman what do you mean , you do not know where he be ?! you can not just lose somebody ! jail guard # 2 ( to korda ) who be you again ? korda johnny hawkins . bail bond . I gotta be over at county in fifteen minute , alright ? jail guard # 2 johnny who ? woman ( to korda ) can you believe this people ? korda it 's the criminal justice system . what can I tell ya ? it 's a mess . the guard shove the sheet under the glass . jail guard # 2 alright , alright , just sign . korda sign the sheet . the guard push a button . the metal lock snap , and the door pop open . korda take he card and stick it in the woman 's coat pocket . korda if you find he , gimme a call . and korda walk out . ext . jail sally port - continuous it 's a small parking area , with security gate on either end , and a ceiling of heavy steel wire open to the sky . there be three or four car park against the wall . korda check inside the first car , look for key and find none . then the second , and the third until ... a voice ( o.s. ) hey ! korda turn sharply to find the latino guard ( guard # 2 ) , hold a clipboard , walk quickly toward he . jail guard # 2 hold on a second here . korda be there a problem ? the guard walk up to he . they be stand between the car . jail guard # 2 you sign out twice . korda I what ? jail guard # 2 look , why do not you just come on back inside for a second . korda wait a minute , lemme see that . as the guard show he the sign - in sheet , korda remove the pen from he own clipboard . korda well , that 's funny , I wonder how that happen . in a flash , korda plunge the pen deep into the guard 's throat . the blood jump out of he throat , onto the window of the car as the guard , gag in stunne silence , slump to ground . he then fall backward between the two car , drown in he own blood . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . ronnie' house live room - night empty . New front door . unpainted . Frame splinter from when roper shot it open . we hold a beat ... hear roper &amp ; ronnie come up the stair . laugh . the door open . they enter . roper how come in that foreign movie the young girl be always with some fat , old guy . ronnie in Europe woman find older man very sexy . roper close the door . roper when I get old and fat , I be move to Europe . ronnie suddenly remember something . ronnie I forget to leave food for paco . he 's probably starve . she walk back toward the kitchen . roper take a seat on the couch . flip on the tv . rub the back of he neck . roper damn , my eye be tired from read that movie . following ronnie she move down the hall to the kitchen . ronnie ( doggie voice ) I be sorry , paco . I forget -- but paco be not lie on he pillow like she expect . curious . ronnie paco ? she turn around walk back down the hall ... where could he be ?... she walk into the bedroom . ronnie paco ? he 's not in here either ... she walk back into the hallway . frown . sudden CUT a figure leap out of the bathroom doorway !... Big scare . it 's paco . he nearly knock she over . he stand on he hind leg , paw on she shoulder . breathe in she face . ronnie paco , have you be eat my face soap , again ? rack focus roper stand at the other end of the hallway . tense as a wire . gun at he side . one look at he demeanor tell ronnie something be very wrong . ronnie ( very concerned ) what be it , scottie ? roper untense . put away he gun . roper korda escape . ronnie and you think he will ... her voice trail off . he can see she 's worried now , too . roper hey , I be on edge a little . let 's relax . I be sure he 's just go to try to get out of town . anyway we leave tomorrow . he put he arm around she waist . roper why do not we do some of that european movie stuff . she put she arm around he shoulder . ronnie I do not think you be old and fat enough for I . roper use you imagination . ext . ronnie' house - night angle look up at she window ... the light go out . ext . ronnie' doorstep - day a suitcase thump to the ground . look like somebody pack for a six month trip around the world . angle widen mccall grimace as he lug the bag toward the truck . mccall you sure you pack everything ? maybe you forget you bowl ball . ronnie stand on the doorstep . ronnie I send that ahead , wise guy . paco be on the sidewalk explore from tree to tree . roper call to ronnie from the stairway . roper ( v.o. ) why do not you come back up with I , ronnie . ronnie I think I will stand out here in the sun . int . stairway - day roper be still very edgy . roper it 's better if you stay inside . she climb up the stair toward he . ronnie you have get to calm down -- omitted sequence omit from original script . int . ronnie' hallway - same roper reach the top of the stair . roper ronnie , come on baby , we gotta go . time to get movin ' . int . ronnie' apt . - same roper move into the room , listen . there 's no response . roper ( continue ) ronnie ? she do not answer . he call out again , move through the live room . roper ( continue ) ronnie , where be you ? time to go . no answer , the room be very quiet . roper ease he pistol out from under he shirt , move more urgently now , check out the bathroom , bedroom ... roper ( continue ) ronnie . then he hear paco , whining . he move around the entrance to the kitchen . the back door be open , paco stand in the doorway . roper rush forward , quickly look outside , the alley way empty . he sense a presence behind he , spin ... mccall stand in the doorway to the kitchen . roper 's lower the weapon ... roper ( continue ) she 's go . mccall see on the kitchen table , a fold piece of glassine paper , just like the one korda give roper at the jewelry store . mccall ( nodd ) Scott ... roper see it , approach , barely able to unfold the edge , a momentary tremble in he hand . roper that son of a bitch . if he ... we push in as he finger open the paper ... revealing inside a micro cassette tape . roper ( continue ; to himself ) he 's fuck with you , Scott , be cool ... keep you head . CUT to : close on a tape recorder , korda 's voice hear over the speaker . korda ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I get you lady , roper. ( laugh ) roper and mccall be listen closely to the tape . korda ( v.o. ) ( continue ) you get something that belong to I , and I want it back . ( beat ) twelve -fifteen , mare Island , North entrance off dixon . Building twenty - eight , by the dry dock . ( beat ) I so much as smell another cop , I will be send you part of this bitch for a month . roper punch off the tape . roper he 's gonna kill she no matter what . if I take he this jewel he 's gonna kill I and she . mccall so what do you want to do ? roper that 's a chance I gotta take . mccall then we better get move ... but there 's no way we can get the jewel out of evidence . roper stare at he , the wheel beginning to turn ... CUT to : omitted sequence omit from original script . int . police property / evidence room - day roper be stand at the counter to the steel - cage property room . on the other side be frank , the property sergeant on duty . the two man speak in hushed , urgent tone ... frank Scott , we go back a long way but you can not expect I to do this ! roper Frank , this guy be a psychopath and he 's get ronnie . it 's the only way I be go to get close to he . frank then go to the Lieutenant or the d.a. with it , for christsake . you be ask I to put my fuck job on the line ! roper they will never approve it , you know that . besides , I involve the department and she 's dead . I get one chance with this guy , Frank , alone . ( beat ) he kill Sam and he will kill she . Frank just stare at he , compassion and anger tear at he . roper ( continue ) what if it be Mary ? ( beat ) you would break every fuck rule in the book ... would not you ? Frank continue to stare at he , a long beat . frank I hope to God I never have to make that decision ... he push back from the counter . frank ( continue ) ... and this conversation never happen . I never see you today . now I gotta go take a leak . he turn and walk away . roper look down , seeing that the drawer beneath Frank 's counter have be leave slightly open . roper reach over , ease it further open -- inside a set of keys . he look around , then take the key . roper I owe you one , Frank . he walk down the hallway . CUT to : int . roper' pickup - day close on the satchel korda use in the robbery . widen to reveal roper and mccall , roper at the wheel , mccall read a fold map feature mare island . mccall mare Island be a abandon shipyard , crane , high building ... he will be in place where he can see everything . ( to roper ) how be we go to get I in there ? roper good question . roper think a moment , then turn , look out the back of the pickup , in the bed a loose canvas tarpaulin . he and mccall study the tarp a beat , then turn , look at each other ... ext . mare island - day wide view reveal the immensity of the abandon facility . at one end near the chain link fence , roper 's pickup approach the gate . ext . mare island - NORTH gate - day roper cautiously drive toward the gate -- the chain secure the gate have be cut . roper swing open the gate . as he drive past we see that the bed of the truck have be loosely cover with a tarp . roper drive on , wind through the maze of roadway , huge building and equipment dwarf the truc production note : the idea be to take we into the facility to sell that it 's abandon , immense , eerie in it 's scale -- a ghost town . we end up wherever we want for the next scene . int . roper' pickup - day as he round a corner , approach the dry dock area , huge crane and mothball ship in the b.g . he park near a building , a weathered sign read : bld 28 . roper shut off the engine , leave the key in the ignition . take the satchel he open the door . ext . dry dock area - day roper step out , eye scan the building , the crane ... korda could be anywhere up there , watch . int . build - upper level - day korda' Pov through the filthy window , roper far below , stand beside he pickup . ext . roper - day as he move away from the truck , hold the satchel . roper korda ! in response he hear korda 's voice , eerie , almost a whisper , come from everywhere and nowhere as if emanate from the ground and the building all at once . korda ( o.s. ) ( filter ) Nice of you to make it , roper . take you jacket off , put it on the hood . roper comply , he eye search the building , where be he voice come from ? korda ( o.s. ) ( continue ) now , over to the chain , to you leave . roper sees a chain off section nearby . roper take a few step when korda 's voice stop he ... korda ( o.s. ) ( continue ) but first , let 's have a look under the tarp . pull it back . a momentary anxious look from roper , then he walk to the bed of the truck , pause a moment , grip the cover before whipping it back , revealing ... ronnie 's luggage . CUT to : low angle beneath the truck mccall support under the frame by a makeshift harness around he waist and leg . korda ( o.s. ) all right , move it . mccall watch as roper head away , then release the harness , lowering himself to the ground . quickly he move the smoking leather glove he be wear , burn by contact with the hot exhaust pipe . roper reaches the the chain area , revealing a empty dry dock , easily one hundred foot deep and five hundred long . at the bottom of the dry dock be a portable radio , the acoustic of natural amphitheater so intense you could hear a whisper -- the source of korda 's voice . korda ( o.s. ) ( continue ) throw in and you piece . roper toss he pistol into the dry dock . korda ( o.s. ) and you back up . roper remove the pistol from he ankle holster , toss it . korda 's voice cut the eerie silence . korda ( o.s. ) ( continue ) walk under the crane and down the alleyway . at the end , turn right . Building thirty -six . the radio click off . roper walk towards the megalith crane , pass under they , then head down the alleyway create by the tall building . ext . roper' truck - day low angle beneath the truck mccall , he rifle case on he chest , watch as roper turn the corner and head down the alley way . outside the truck mccall roll out , scramble for the cover of the building . sling the case over he shoulder he find a ladder lead up the side of the building , beginning to climb . ext . roper - day walk down the alley way , near the end . ext . rooftop - build - day mccall move along the edge , look down . he spot roper , move fast to keep he in sight . he come to the edge of the building , have to walk across a narrow ramp to get to the next building . he look down , roper turn the corner , mccall move on , remove the rifle from its case as he go . ext . roper - day leave the alleyway , a complex of hanger - like building reveal . to he far right be a building , a sign read : bld 36 . he clutches the satchel , head towards it . ext . rooftop - build - day mccall negotiate another precarious crossing between building . he spot roper , eye quickly search the roof top and building for the sniper 's position . he see it , across the way , a location cover the building where roper be now walk . he head out . ext . roper - day walk towards building 36 , pass by a tower , glass fronted building on he right , he eye be search the roof top of the building around he . roper ( to himself ) where the hell be you , mccall ? as roper pass a set of partially open rolling door to the glass - fronted building , he 's startle by korda 's voice from within : korda ( o.s. ) right there , roper . roper 's eye go to building 36 , still fifty yard away . roper shit . roper stop , slowly turn towards the door . korda ( o.s. ) come on in , there 's someone just die to see you . roper hesitates . he turn a bit in profile , eye search . roper ( loudly ) where be you ? ext . high vantage point - day Pov telescopic sight : focus on roper , he lip move ... mccall , heaving for breath , have just drop down into position , provide a view of roper and the inside of the glass fronted building . mccall right here , Scott . he touch the laser sighting attachment to he scope , a red beam activate ... roper - day from inside the building korda 's voice : korda ( o.s. ) get you ass in here , roper . just as roper start to move he sees the red laser dot on the back of he hand -- mccall be up there , right behind he . roper move inside . mccall - day lying prone inside the operator 's booth , steady he rifle , look through the scope . telescopic Pov : he can see roper enter , he field of vision limited inside the building where the light penetrate , the room cast in hard shadow . he move to the window , all either paint white or so obscure with grime and dirt he can only see vague shape and shadow inside . he move back to the open , roper now just inside . mccall stay cool , real easy ... int . machine shop - day cavernous and dark , a jungle of huge machine , lathes and equipment once use in the design of nuclear submarine . roper move a few foot inside , remain in the light and keep he face in three - quarter profile to mccall 's position . roper where be she , korda ? I want to see she . from the darkness beyond ... korda walk to the table . roper walk to a steel shop table . korda ( o.s. ) ( continue ) open you shirt . roper I be not wear a wire . this be just between you and I . korda ( o.s. ) shut the fuck up and do what I say ! roper put down the satchel , unbuttone he shirt , hold it open . roper satisfied ? korda ( o.s. ) open the bag , dump everything on the table . roper open the bag , the jewelry and the dozen of glassine envelope spill out onto the table . he lay the satchel on its side , the bottom face roper . tape to the bottom be a short barrel .45 automatic . roper it 's all there . korda ( o.s. ) spread it out . roper spread the pile out across the top of the table . roper only the jewel , korda , you have get my word . a long beat ... korda ( o.s. ) show I something . without look roper reach to the pile of glassine envelope ... close on roper' hand palm in he hand , the envelope contain ronnie 's diamond . roper , without look , ' dig ' into the pile , hold up the glassine envelope between he finger , still hold the palm envelope . he start to toss the envelope in he finger ... korda ( o.s. ) ( continue ) not that one . roper hesitates , then drop the envelope , he hand move over the pile ... roper ( continue ) right there , the one in front ... yeah , that one . toss it . roper reach for the envelope . close on roper' hand as he flip the palm envelope into he finger with the skill of a card shark , exchange it for the one korda indicate . he toss it across the room ... from the shadow korda 's hand reach out , pick it up . a long beat . korda ( o.s. ) ( continue ) I be impressed . I do not think you could do it . what do you have to do , steal they ? roper yeah . korda ( o.s. ) ( wry ) that 's not go to look too good on you service record . roper I will worry about that . let 's get on with it . korda laugh as he slowly emerge from the darkness . korda my sentiment exactly . ext . mccall telescopic Pov - day on the floor he sees a shadow cast - korda . he move to the window ... inside the vague , blurred outline of a man . his scope go back to the satchel and the .45 tape to the bottom . mccall wait for the right moment , Scott ... int . machine shop - day korda move closer to the light , toss a athletic bag to roper , in he hand a automatic pistol . korda fill it up . just in case there 's a home device in the other one . roper slide the jewel into the second bag , eyeing the .45 on the bottom of the satchel . korda ( continue ) now bring it over here . roper hesitates , but all he can do at this point be play for time , he move forward ... ext . mccall Pov - day telescopic scope watch roper as he move away from the satchel and the gun . mccall oh , shit ... he move the scope ahead of roper , seeing korda 's shadow cast on the floor , still unable to see he . mccall ( continue ) all right , Scott , bring he out . int . machine shop - day roper grow closer to korda 's position . korda that 's far enough . bag on the floor . roper hang onto the bag -- there 's ' four million in jewel ' in there -- all he have to bargain with . roper I have keep my end . ronnie first . korda react in mock surprise . korda oh , shit , in all the excitement I almost forget . she right here ... a light switch be throw , a bank of light behind he come on , illuminate a massive flat bed circular lathe . roper 's eye in horror go to ... ronnie tied to the lathe bed spread eagle . some distance from she body a cutting device be position over the lathe bed . roper look into ronnie 's terrify eye . roper be cool , ronnie , I be gonna get you out of this . he turn back , korda grin at he . korda no shit , this I gotta see ... korda swing into position a control BOX , the button hold down with tape . korda pull free the tape , the huge lathe beginning to turn , very slowly , the cut device activate ... if the table keep turn , ronnie 's body will soon be under the blade . ( production note : lathe will be cut into a section of steel plate , demonstrate what will happen to ronnie . korda press the stop button , the lathe stop . he release he finger again , the lathe turn . he stop it . we can see that korda be immensely proud of he ' creation ' , he focus more on sadistic payback than anything else at this point . korda ( continue ) fuckin ' cool , huh ? I rewire the switch . you see , you have to keep you finger on the button or the little lady get cut ... he release the button , the lathe turn towards the cut device . he stop it again , hold the button . korda ( continue ; grin ) right in half . he ease towards roper , extend he arm on the control box , hold the button down . ext . mccall Pov - day through the scope , he can see korda as he step into view . the crosshair settle on korda 's upper forehead . mccall hold it right there ... his finger tighten on the trigger ... int . machine shop - day korda hold the control box towards roper . korda but then , that 's not my problem . he release the button and the box , the lathe turn , korda grin at roper ... ext . mccall Pov - day the red dot center on korda 's forehead ... mccall ( o.s. ) Light 's out , fucker ... and then roper 's head fill the scope , the red dot glowing on the back of he head . in shock , mccall release he finger ... mccall Jesus ! int . machine shop - day roper move to the control box , press the stop button , stop the lathe ... korda you see , it 's out of my hand . roper look at the box , ronnie 's life literally in he hand ... omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . mccall Pov - day through the scope , roper 's head block the shot to korda . mccall roper , move ... ext . machine shop - day but korda bend down , pick up the bag , step back away from roper , clearly out of mccall 's line of fire . korda well , hate to run but I have get a plane to catch . you take good care of the little lady , hear ? as korda walk down the corridor of the huge machine shop , we now see a car park near the end face we . korda suddenly stop , turn , gesture to the car . korda ( continue ) how careless of I . you see , there 's only one way out of here , and you be stand right in the way . ( grin ) you could move , but then ... he shake he head at roper . korda ( continue ) sure hate to be in you shoe . he turn , walk quickly towards he car , talking , laughing , to himself . roper look to the car , then back at the satchel where the .45 be still tape to the bottom . but roper can not move , unable to change he position more than a foot or two . he look around he , no way to stop the lathe if he release the button . ext . mccall Pov - day he can see roper hold the box , but nothing else . mccall what the hell 's go on ? int . machine shop - day now korda reach he car , hopping inside , starting it up . in desperation roper look back at the satchel , then turn , call out ... roper mccall , stop he , stop the car ! korda revving the engine ... ext . mccall Pov - day mccall read roper 's lip ... mccall what car ? he swing the scope up but the back of the machine shop be block by he vantage point . then he hear the faint squealing of tire . he lower he scope , hold , wait ... int . machine shop - day korda at the end of the long building , beginning to accelerate . roper turn toward mccall 's position ... roper mccall ! the car now scream down the long corridor ... ext . mccall Pov - day mccall still can not see the car ... int . machine shop - day the car now close in on roper , but roper hold he ground ... roper mccall , shoot the son of a bitch ! int . korda' car - day korda bear down on roper . korda bye , bye , cop ... roper holding he position , eye widen in fear ... ext . mccall telescopic Pov - day the car come into view , the crosshair on the windshield ... but the glare off the window be obscure any shot of korda . mccall take aim and fire ... int . korda' car - day the bullet punch through the window , catch korda 's leave shoulder , blood fly . korda whip the wheel in shock ... int . machine shop - day korda' car spin out of control , hit a table pile with machine part , send they fly ... but the car be now swapping end , still fly right towards roper , who can not move ... ; who will not move . the car fly past he , the side mirror catch roper 's shirt , tear it , a flash of blood from he arm ... the car then collide with a series of pipe crossing the floor , steam erupting in every direction as the car then slam into several propane bottle stack near the bench , a series of explosion rip through the building . . . roper thrown to the floor by the explosion , release the button , as ... the car Hit the glassed - in rolling door . ext . mccall Pov - day the car explode from the building , glass flying , the car roll , flipping over , come to a rest on its wheel , driver 's side away from mccall 's position . int . machine shop - day roper on the floor , recover . he catch a quick glimpse of the bottom section of the lathe , a gearbox , the gear turn ... the lathe turn , the cut blade inching towards ronnie ... roper stagger to he foot , grab the control box , press the button ... nothing happen , the lathe still turn , SPARKS come out of the box , it 's shorting ... only a few more second ... desperately he eye search the floor , seeing a huge wrench . he grab the wrench , jam it between the gear in the gearbox , the gear shudder violently , threaten to crush the wrench ... roper run to ronnie 's side , frantically pull at she bond , the cut blade now pause a inch away from she ... the gearbox hammer and clanking , the wrench can not last a heartbeat longer ... roper pull the last of the restraint away ... the gearbox just as the massive gear crush the wrench , the table turn ... the lathe the blade pass directly over ronnie 's position as roper haul she away , hold she in he arm . ext . machine shop - day mccall telescopic Pov of car korda be slump over the wheel . he look dead . mccall sling he rifle over he shoulder and move towards a drain pipe attach to the side of the building . int . machine shop - day roper hold ronnie , ease she away from the still turn lathe . ronnie scottie , scottie ... roper it 's all over , babe , it 's all over . ext . machine shop - day mccall slide to the ground via the drain pipe , but ... korda' car korda be not quite dead ... the door ease open , korda roll to the ground , bag in one hand , automatic in the other . he look up , seeing mccall . he open FIRE , mccall hit the deck and take cover as bullet hit the wall around he . mccall whip out he revolver , returning FIRE , a gun battle ensue . int . machine shop - day roper hearing the shot outside , haul ronnie out of the way , keep she low to the ground . roper stay here , do not move . ronnie scottie ... roper do it ! he push she towards the cover of some machine , then crouching low to the floor , recover the .45 from the bottom of the satchel . he head out towards the other side of the cavernous , machine - choke building . ext . machine shop - day mccall fire a round at korda , then try to close in on the car , run from he cover into the open ... korda leap up and fire , mccall take a slug in he leg , knock he to the ground . the slide to korda 's automatic have kick open , out of bullet . he drop the gun , pick up the bag and run alongside the machine shop . roper exit the machine shop , seeing mccall on the ground , korda nowhere in sight . combat-style roper run to mccall , drop to he side . roper mccall , you all right ? mccall ( in pain ) I be okay . korda ... go down the side of the building ... roper stay put . roper sprint towards the building , racing alongside it , catch a glimpse of korda just as he disappear around the other end . roper charge on ... ext . machine shop - rear - day korda run past the building , still clutching the bag . he run past another building , head towards the dry dock area and roper 's pickup . a moment later roper emerge from the machine shop just in time to see korda round the corner of the next building . korda clear the building see roper 's pickup . he run to it , jump inside , find the keys in the ignition . he start the truck , pull out , just as roper run into view . roper with the truck accelerate towards he he raise and fire , two bullet hole in the front windshield , miss korda , the truck still speed towards he . roper 's gun jam . roper leap , slide forward on the hood , almost fall as he grab on to the empty window frame and the windshield wiper blade for support , he weapon fly from he hand . korda speed around the building and down the alleyway , whipping from side to side , try to shake roper off , roper hang on for dear life . roper ( shouting ) give it up , korda , you get away with nothing ! nothing but a bag of shit ! it 's all fake ! korda can not help but look at the OPEN bag beside he . roper ( continue ) go on , you stupid fuck , look at it ! it 's all shit ! a hundred dollar worth of glass ! korda reach in , grab a handful of the costume jewelry . he can not believe it , it 's all fake ! korda you fuck !!! korda go crazy , slamm the truck into the side of a building , try to throw roper , but roper hang on . korda then carom off the side of building , leave , right , SPARKS fly , then smashes into box , crate , anything he can see stack alongside the road way , but roper stay put , cling on with all he 's get , swinging from side to side to avoid the obstacle . then korda sees ahead a huge pile of box , wood framing , pallet , trash , stack at the side of a building . he hammer the pedal , drive the right side of the truck into the pile ... box , wood , paper , debris fly everywhere , through the open fron window as well , korda shield he eye with he arm as object fly around in a mad flurry inside the cab ... roper in the maelstrom let go he grip , grab the upper frame of the window and assist by the speed of the truck , roll over the top of the cab , landing in the bed of the truck along with box , lumber , and trash . korda clear he eye , look up , roper be go ! he laugh hysterically ... he knock he off ! roper in the bed of the truck lean out the passenger 's side sees they be approach the dry dock area . in the bed of the truck , along with the box , suitcase and other object , he see several long 2 x '' . grabbing a board he brace himself against the cab and then in one swift movement , stand , swinging to the driver 's side , drive the 2 x4 through the side window , through the steering wheel , past the dash and catch the tip of the accelerator pedal , pin it to the floor . as roper release the board it wedge inside the door frame , lock the wheel and the accelerator , the engine scream wide open . korda react in panic ... roper cling to the cab , look over the top , the dry dock loom towards they . he prepare to jump ... korda suddenly sees the approach dry dock . he jam on the brake , but it 's not enough , the truck racing towards the edge ... in slow motion the truck vault over the edge of the dry dock as roper run down the bed , leaping off the tail gate , arm windmill as he go airborne ... the truck plummet towards the bottom ... roper land in a huge pile of cargo nets and cardboard box , pile near the edge of the dry dock ... korda scream in wide - eye terror as ... the truck Hit the bottom of the dock , exploding into flame . dissolve to : ext . tahiti - day roper and ronnie lay on a gorgeous white sand beach , drink from coconut with umbrella in they . ronnie I have never see sea so blue . tahiti be magnificent , scottie . roper yeah , I could get use to this paradise shit . roper hail a waitress , serve the hotel guest . roper ( to waitress ) I will have another pena colada . and this time could you shave the ice , please . waitress oui , monsieur . right away . roper stretch back into he chaise lounge , adjust he Ray ban . a purring cat without a care in the world . ronnie scottie ? roper hmm ? ronnie I have be think . two gorgeous french girl unstring they bikinis , flopping topless on the beach in front of they . roper hmm ? ronnie thing have be go pretty well between we , have not they ? roper ( sense something 's up ) yeah . ronnie you have change you know . I do not think there 's anything you can not do once you put you mind to it . uh-oh . he remove he shade to get a better look at the curve ball . ronnie I be just think ... ( here it come ) there 's something special I want to talk to you about . ( he 's listen ) I think it 's time we go to a whole other phase in we relationship . ( pointedly ) a deeper level . roper ( no longer relaxed , sit up ) a deeper level ? ronnie that 's right . we have get to bare it all . here and now . ' Cause I think I be finally ready to go for it ... roper ( cut she off at the pass ) whoa ! wait a minute , ronnie . hold on . I know it 's beautiful here . the sun , the sand , the sea and all that nature shit can really get to you . but we have get to keep we perspective here . this place be not real . this be not reality . ronnie Scott ... roper I mean I say this trip should be a ' roadtest ' . ronnie ... the hell be you talk about ? roper I be talk about ... what be you talk about ? ronnie I be talk about I and ' you stripping down on this beach and gettin ' you know ... ' naked in tahiti ' . roper you talkin ' about gettin ' ' nekk ? ' ( off she look ) shit , I think you be talkin ' bout , you know ... the " m " word . ronnie you think I be talk about get marry ?! she laugh she amazing laugh . ronnie I be talk about take we clothes off , silly . you say you would . ad lib dialogue below as camera crane back and we roll credit over ... roper you crazy ? with all that people around ? ronnie know what you be ?! you be a prude , roper . roper the hell I be ! ronnie ( amused ) prude . roper first you want I to put on one of that skinny ass bathing suit -- tong or thongs or whatever you call they -- with my butt cheek wrap around a piece of dental floss ... no way . over she laughter we ... fade out : the end