miami vice written by Michael Mann base on " Miami vice " create by Anthony yerkovich first draft 9/22/04 wga with fade in : fade in : ext . ocean - close up : water - morning light we be at the delicate interface between ocean and air ... liquid and gas ... the event horizon where molecule evaporate . this interchange be ethereal . then , low frequency rumble through depth ... louder ... closer , now ... and the ocean surface be tear by a 46 - foot catamaran and the roar of 2,700 horsepower , rocketing at we at 140 knot ... offshore racer : " born to win " in profile . aerial : " born to win " ...has a canopy , low like a B - 1 bomber and extend a half mile . it launch off two - foot swell , go airborne , push to 150 knot with another 1,100 rpm leave ... int . race boat - sonny crockett pilot the " bear to win " in full helmet . on the throttle and flap be ricardo tubb ... ext . ocean - " born to win " lead the frontrunner towards a finish line demarcate by a couple of $ 10 million yacht load with media . at the last moment occur a small power loss , and " bear to win " get nose into second place by the 46 - foot skater , " goddess " ... CUT to : ext . marina - " born to win " - later thunder to the dock , throttle down at low revs . the canopy be up . crockett and tubb ' helmet be off . dockhand tie it off . it 's the same crowd you catch at a Grand prix : nine - figure money , tall , Northern italian woman and minor german princess with swiss education , no bimbos and no question about asset origin . the exception be " bear to win 's " sponsor , a blonde , dreadlock , bearded 6 ' 4 " switek . he look like a dot - com entrepreneur who get out in time . next to he be a blonde ukranian lady with high cheekbone . we will see she again . winning circle - crockett + tubb in second position to the japanese driver and throttle man of " goddess , " neither of whom speak English . the # 3 boat , " bicardi Silver , " be drive by David Scott and throttle by John tomlinson ... crockett + tubb leave the win circle among asian and mexican billionaire . as the small crowd break up ... a deeply -tanned player name nicholas in vuarnet wraparound and buzz- cut white hair glide by ... nicholas ( low ) burnett , what 's crackin' ? crockett nothing . tubb maxin ' and relaxin' . nicholas ( do not believe they ) sure . Change you mind ; get inclined ? let I know ... whatever Nicholas be solicit , crockett and tubb do not want . ( Nicholas broker " go - fast " run , move load from offshore into South Florida . among guy who pilot offshore race boat , there be one or two who have never run a load , but no one 's find they yet . ) meanwhile ... CUT to : int . alonzo steven ' house - a kitchen - night a couple-hundr - thousand - dollar worth of granite and steel . off-screen a restaurant - grade sub - Zero open with a hiss . fan start . Beyond the kitchen we see through a dining room to a de . a chair be overturn . we hear muffle sound . we see foot extend through a door jamb . someone 's on the floor . a television be play , distantly . int . den - see family picture so close they almost come to life . a venezuelan family , two boy and a girl in a pool . Maria , alonzo , the two boy at they sister 's baptism . and we see hold the baby daughter be riccardo tubb . a family dinner at a South american restaurant . tubb sit with the youngest daughter on he lap . Maria be on the other side of he . this be the image that almost come to life . we hear the vivacious latin ambience late on a Sunday afternoon when family take the grandparent and have dinner . int . kitchen - sub zero refrigerator move from the bright glare of the interior onto the broad neck of a man . a Viking be tattooe there . the image morph into a naked woman present she rear to a muscle biker next to a chopper above a swastika reside between shoulder blade . ss lightning bolt be on he neck . pull back from this man , who be bent into the frig because he 's hungry . his head be shave and he 's naked from the waist up . a black hefty garbage bag be tie around he waist . yellow industrial glove be on he hand . something bad be happen in this house ... CUT to : int . helicopter - night it 's a sikorski skim across the water of biscayne Bay on a moonlit night at live - room level past stilt house . ricardo tubb pilot the chopper past the brightly light window of high - rise Collins Avenue condo for the fugitive rich ... and head towards the macarthur causeway . crockett what 's we deal ? tubb backup in case the Russians get physical . crockett how lucky 's miss Universe gotta be ? tubb skin have to touch skin . that 's the requirement for the warrant . then he make a credible excuse and he stop .... ( beat ) her crew blackmail and asset - stripped the last mark down to he social security ... in the back - she long copper leg stretch out under a short skirt - be gina calabrese . gina this I gotta see ... ( beat ) ... the " make up a excuse and stop " part . crockett have faith . gina I have faith . in horoscope and fortune cookie ... tubb so ? gina switek pull this off ...? that 's not faith ; that 's delusional ... wearing enough of nothing to hide the micro .380 , which gina check right now . there 's a round in the chamber . aerial : the sikorski cross past the stack of $ 5 million condo to a landing pad on a roof . the Miami of the ' 80' , that twilight - zone frontier build on coke - fuel cash flow , be over . the frontier development stage be pass . it have become casablanca . anything go ; everything have a price . CUT to : ext . rooftop landing pad - wide the chopper rocket in , settles . int . utility staircase crockett , tubb and gina descend to the 25th - floor penthouse , the target . as crockett and tubb continue down to 24 , she look over she shoulder at tubb ... tubb damn , girl ... int . surveillance apartment ( one floor below the target ) penthouse - crockett + tubb - night enter . two surveillance technician , rick and frank , be glue to a monitor show a bedroom in which nothing happen . lo. castillo be there , out of a past somewhere between CIA and the jesuit ... refer to the monitor on which there be no people in a empty bedroom . they be watch air move . tubb this be exciting ... rick that 's ' cause nothing be happen . crockett no shit ...? frank ( it go past he ) yeah . this be they surveillance ... how they video they mark ? see , we jack they fiber optic , like we piggybacked they signal . get it ? tubb cooool ... they exit to ... int . penthouse condo - crockett + tubb be meet at the door by security , who recognize they , and be welcome by they host , ugo . this be the baccardi Cup after - Party . the same player from the marina ... over crockett + tubb enter a 8,000 - square - foot penthouse ... offshore racer type , player , so bee model ... ugo runnin ' the biscayne 200 ? crockett wander off ... tubb if a coupla new exhaust manifold show up ... crockett approach a bar and female bartender ... crockett gin and tonic . plymouth or boodle . bartender ( scandinavian accent ) lemon or lime ? crockett lemon do not go in gin and tonic , darlin' . where ya ' from ? bartender ( lean in ) gottingen . that 's in Sweden . crockett you in Miami workin ' on you complexion ...? she 's beautifully bronze . bartender ( laugh ) no. I be in Namibia ... crockett do ...? bartender with the United Nations High Commission on refugees . famine relief . gina 's listen on she personal comm . crockett really ? I do refugee relocation in Somalia . but they transfer I out after I be wounded ... gina roll she eye as she cross by tubb . gina only African he ever " relocate " be a $ 2,000 - an-hour nigerian model for gucci , and he get wounded when she take a NBA draft choice to the Super bowl instead of he ... tubb he do volunteer one time ... trudy ( enter ) for a massage parlor bust ? ( beat ) why be I here ...? trudy joplin be a tall African - american . she whisper into a small mic . if you look closely , she 's rip ... as if steel cable move under she smooth skin . she slide past tubb and gina ... tubb ( low ) ...to backup switek . but only if it get lethal . trudy that 's impossible . tubb why ? trudy because you can not kill he . switek all white bling , be argue with he blade - thin , glassy - eye , adrenaline junkie partner , zito . approach be " miss Ukraine . " High cheekbone suggest one of genghis Khan 's horseman find she maternal ancestor as attractive as switek find she ... tubb clock three beefy Russians in a corner , one be unusually fit . tubb and there 's dmitri ... crockett the honey trap . and there 's the honey . tubb hello , miss Ukraine ... miss ukraine bring switek he glass of champagne ... she whisper something in he ear ... and be lead towards a back bedroom . gina amble over . trudy ( to crockett ) eleven to seven he blow it . crockett ( whisper ) twenty on my man ... trudy you be give away you money , fool ... tubb open he moto as if he 's about to make a call ... trudy look over he shoulder . what we see be the feed from the monitor in the surveillance room downstairs . closer : tubbs's moto two blonde people start to get naked . switek and miss Ukraine . a second call come in . tubb ignore it . tubb ( to Zito ) you bet you partner ? zito sure . switek versus primal impulse from the amygdala . Higher think versus the lizard brain . tectonic plate of libido confront the cognitive . gina oh , bullshit . she cop he joint . he push the button . trudy what 's so fuck difficult ? there face . they watch . and ... crockett 's cell phone ring . he separate from the group ... crockett yeah ...? steven ( o.s. ) sonny ...? crockett yeah . steven ( o.s. ) where 's riccardo ? crockett on the phone . steven ( o.s. ) I be sorry . I be sorry , sonny ... ext . balcony - crockett - night enter . he 's come outside to hear better . in the background gina shake she head about switek . he blow it . trudy look at crockett and see crockett 's focus , hearing ... crockett who be this ? intercut with : int . bentley - alonzo steven - night he 's cruise at 85 . he 's float in a magnolia leather interior . but it 's bloodstain from he nose and mouth . he 's be beat . his white shirt be tear . he do not care ... steven ( voice crack ) it 's fuck up . I be sorry ... crockett ( recognize he ) alonzo ? ( beat ) what be you talk about ? where be you ...? steven they have I from the gate . crockett I do not understand ... crockett 's alarmed . he catch tubb ' eye and wave he outside ... steven I give up nothing on you guy . do not worry . I keep you and Rico out of it . only the fed . they be on they own ... it 's all they deal , anyway , so fuck them . crockett ( o.s. ) alonzo , what 's goin ' on ?! steven after I check on francine and the boy , then I be go . sonny , tell Rico I be so sorry . I want you to know ... tubb join crockett on the balcony . crockett where be you ? steven ( o.s. ) ... look after she . ask Rico to . okay ? do that for I . I have to do it . they have I from the gate . do that . whatever you can do for they . okay ? ( break ) look what I do to they , sonny ...! crockett alonzo ...! steven ( o.s. ) Goodbye . crockett 's phone go dead . tubb what be it ? crockett alonzo ... tubb Stevens ? crockett ( nod ) something 's wrong . crockett 's enter a number while ... tubb ( dial ) I will try francine ... meanwhile crockett hear ... machine voice ( recording ) Federal Bureau of investigation . we office hour be ... ( crockett punch three - digit code ) FBI agent voice f.b.i .... crockett ( cut he off ) this be detective crockett . Miami - dade p.d. patch I through to you special agent in charge , James fujima ? it 's a emergency ... FBI agent he will be in on Monday ... crockett I say , " emergency . " if he 's not reachable , who 's run the weekend ? the asac ? FBI agent we do not give that out ... crockett listen carefully . crockett compel himself to be patient . meanwhile , tubb have strike out with alonzo 's home phone . crockett ( cont would ) ( into nextel ) a informant who be work one of you case right now call I . you may have a problem . so get I somebody on the other end of this telephone who know what the hell I be talk about ...! meanwhile ... tubb ( into phone ) c'mon ... voice ( o.s. ) Miami - dade PD tech ... tubb ( into phone ) Bobby G . the firefly we use to have on alonzo Stevens ' bentley , check if it still run ; if so , launch Air support . locate the bentley ... ( pause , listen ) I do not know ... we have not work with he for six month ... crockett ( wait , then hear a click on he nextel ) hello ? fujima ( o.s. ) this be agent James fujima . crockett detective crockett . fujima ( o.s. ) what 's you Miami PD badge number ? crockett 4-4-7 Charlie 12-92 . fujima ( o.s. ) ( pause ) okay . what 's up ? crockett a c.i. we cut loose to you Joint interagency Task Force . name of alonzo Stevens . now , he 's you informant . Stevens , call we . I have not speak to he for six month . I do not know what case you have he on . I do not know what he be talk about . but whatever he be do for you , it sound like it be go bad . right now ... fujima how do I discuss operation over a open line ? crockett how do I know ? ( beat ) I get the call from alonzo on a open line . that be the hand we have be deal at this moment , at eleven - forty - seven o'clock Friday night . okay ? I be try to alert you , here . ( beat ) you know whether or not ... you have a thing goin ' down . I do not. ( beat ) but we know this guy . I think you know this guy . normally , he be cool . tonight he be distraught . that be atypical . that engender forebode . do you understand the meaning of the word " forebode " ? as in badness be happen to you deal right fuck now ? CUT to : ext . abandoned metal shed , indian river - wide - night nothing . rusting marine part and corrugate metal fall into weed next on a channel of the indian River . it cut through inner-city Miami . distant noise . but ... int . metal shed - aryan brother in low light be strapping up . kevlar vest go over tattooe arm and chest . glimpsis of swastikas . handguns in waistband . smg ( small Machine gun ) sling from shoulder over white shirt , business - suit jacket . everybody wear surgical glove . shoe be industrial . rear shot : two of the brother be leave . one carry a very long rifle with a flash suppressor . it be a bolt action .50 caliber Burrows . nearby on the river be a second Aryan brother sniper team with a identical weapon aim at a empty lot a thousand yard away across the indian River ... int . metal shed two suburban and a escalade pull out ... CUT to : ext . indian river - empty lot Caribbean freighter seize by US custom rust at the bank . move in . two cadillac be park . wait . a door open . a interior light come on . move closer . two Russian slickster type . patient . one look at a watch . the other triggers he cell phone . a meeting be imminent . meanwhile : int . FBI office - rac jame fujima - night empty except for the FBI agent in a sweatsuit carry file , as if he stop by when crockett 's call come in . he 's on a computer . he pick up the phone ... fujima guy 's involved in a " meet " ... crockett " buy and walk " ? " buy and bust " ? " reverse undercover " ? what ? fujima meet and greet . " I flash you some of mine , you flash I some of yours ? " crockett and the deal go down at another place at another time . fujima that 's right . crockett ... so there 's no industrial - strength hrt weapon team out there tonight ? crockett put he nextel on " speaker " so tubb can hear , too . fujima correct . flash sample . flash cash . tubb ( into phone ) haitian , dominican , Russian , israeli ? fujima White supremacist type . crockett 's impatient . crockett omg , mongol , Nazi low - rider , prison gang ? fujima nlr , we think . I wanna know ... tubb ( sarcastic ) oh , good ... fujima ... what else , what else do he indicate to you ? I need to know everything he say . crockett he be say they have he from the gate . he be say to my partner and I and to he family " goodbye . " what do that tell you ? CUT to : int . miami - dade p.d. chopper - switek + zito in the back seat get lucky . the pilot react as the technician in the copilot seat have pick up a signal from the firefly ... the locator ...on alonzo 's bentley . switek ( key radio ; too much static , try cell phone ) sonny , we get he ... int . black sikorsky chopper - crockett + tubb tubb pilot it while crockett get the location of alonzo 's car and repeat it into the headset to tubb as the ... ext . sky over miami - C + t's sikorsky - night bank hard leave and head for north 95 towards lauderdale . meanwhile ... CUT to : ext . indian river - wide : the deal - night Three Aryan Brothers in business suit get out of the rear of the escalade and suburban with a driver in each . we two " Russians " approach from they cadillac with a backup cadillac and one driver on the other side . closer : aryan brother . friendly . hip-hop culture have invade White supremacist gang . buzz cut . goatee . a couple of diamond earring . russian # 1 ... sample now be okay . and we want sample load when we do deal ... aryan brother sure , man . russian # 1 what inventory you can supply ...? aryan brother # 1 meth . Glass , ice , k' , e's , mitsu 's , Ames , ex ... whatever you need . Coke ? tonnage . and colombian H. but give we a head up ... the Aryan brother pop he a couple of vial . aryan brother # 1 ( cont would ) Ice . spectra- analyze that shit . and party - on with the coke . you be look at ninety - two percent pure ... none of that jump - on powder they sell up in New yorioo ... aryan brother # 2 yeah ... ( beat ) now , let 's see the green ... one of the Russians put he hand on a weapon as the other open up a nike sport bag . russian never see money before ? this be call " money . " Aryan brother # 1 reach into the bag at the wrap stack of hundred . flip through a couple , take one or two at random . Russian nod for he to go ahead . aryan brother # 1 okay . you get lotsa green . we get all the goody . we party . Larry will call you in the am and talk money , quantity , time and place ... widen . everybody go back to they car . as the two " Russians " get into theirs , Aryan brother # 1 turn from the run board of the escalade with he driver 's door open . aryan brother hey , Ivan ! I forget to ask you something , my brother ... he look at he partner and nod , who say something into a nextel . aryan brother ( cont would ) ... they have a decent death - benefit program in the FBI ? for the Russians in the car , time freeze . as they start to react , they be blow up by .50 caliber round from the two sniper position . the .50 caliber round go right through car body , sheet metal , upholstery , glass , human flesh , bone , more upholstery and metal and out the other end . another round go through the passenger door , through the passenger , through the driver , out the driver door and into the night ... wide the three Aryan Brothers approach the steaming car with the chop - up occupant and take the gym bag full of cash . the escalade driver don night-vision goggle . they load up and drive off as we hear the " thump , thump " of Air support and some distant siren . meanwhile ... CUT to : int . miami - dade chopper - switek + zito - night at 170 knot watch a thermographic image of alonzo Stevens ' car on a monitor weave through traffic northbound on the 95 ... see tubb ' sikorsky beyond switek + Zito as it swoops from a higher altitude right past the Miami - dade chopper , bank and dive for the freeway . ext . freeway track with Stevens ' bentley from the front . the black sikorsky be almost on the bentley 's hood . tubb rack the chopper sideways so that alonzo can see crockett in the copilot seat ... closer : crockett have he handgun out and be wave alonzo over to the shoulder . tubb keep the chopper almost block alonzo 's bentley . alonzo pull over . tubb wheel around and land on the shoulder . they approach ... alonzo steven exit the bentley and walk toward crockett and tubb . he hold he hand out to keep they at a distance . freeway traffic roar past . crockett and tubb do not get too close , heed alonzo 's warning ... tubb ( incense , over traffic noise ) what the hell do you do ? steven the feeb gig be I front a coupla undercover , Russian - speaker to they . one 's atf . and broker the deal . set up the meet with the nlr type ... Stevens take a low-resolution e-mail image from he pocket and hand it to tubb . tubb look up , shocked , hand it to crockett . Stevens ' head rotate loosely on he shoulder ... he mind 's elsewhere ... crockett' Pov : image alonzo 's wife , francine , be bound - clothes tear - to a chair in a tv room . on the floor be two young boy bound with plastic tie . Paper bag be over they head . francine 's eye be as large as saucer . around she neck be a necklace of C - 4 explosive connect to a detonator . steven ( cont would ) ( shout ) so I give they up , man ! gave up the fed ! gave up everything I know . now I get to go home ... crockett how would they get onto you ? steven how do I know ? but it be from the get -go . knew the FBI have run I into they . ( beat ) sonny , I gotta go ...! meanwhile : int . alonzo steven ' house - trudy - night and a Miami PD swat team crash through the front door . another team through the back . trudy in a tactical vest be second in with a 12 - gauge . the house be empty . gina and other detective hang in the rear . first swat team " clear " the live room , dining room . second clear the kitchen , may 's quarter ... int . alonzo steven ' house - door to den - night ... last room to clear ... center of the house . swat team appear around corner . weapon up . the look on they face tell we nobody be here ... nobody alive ... and what they see give even this veteran pause as blood pool around the leg of a family and overturn chair . alonzo do not save anyone . trudy ( after change channel ) hello , sonny ...? ext . freeway - tubb on police radio listen to a message from trudy while ... steven ( to tubb ) I gotta , I gotta go ...! tubb alonzo ... steven what ...? tubb ( voice crack ) alonzo , you do not need to go home . now alonzo know . steven they say they would not hurt they , would not hurt they if ... tubb they lie . crockett they be know to do that ... alonzo Stevens have a strange look in he eye . he look at crockett and tubb , as if to say something . he do not . crockett and tubb walk towards he , to reach he ... to console he ... but alonzo steven back away . look at they sadly . and before they can stop he , he step out onto the freeway , open he arm , and embrace the front bumper of a 70 m.p.h. 18 - wheeler . int . mercede cl - 500 - crockett + tubb - night grim , silent , race through Miami traffic to the crime scene we know be ahead because ... over tubb ' shoulder we see all the light from two dozen emergency vehicle a quarter mile ahead . death be not procedural or casual , not when it 's somebody you know , like a informant you work case with . cell phone ring . tubb yeah . castillo ( v.o. ) what 's you twenty ? tubb Quarter mile away . we see the light ... castillo ( v.o. ) turn around . tubb ( take cell ) we know this people ...! castillo grieve elsewhere . CUT to : int . parking structure , top floor - angry men - 3 a.m. in a concrete space . we have enter mid-scene . fujima we be not certain ... castillo you say Nazi low-rider ...? fujima we be not certain ! tubb c'mon , man ! fujima we think nlr . we do not know ! alonzo only fronted as a broker for we guy to make the meet . he be not deep into the crew . crockett White gang ...? it do not track . tubb White gang be tweaker and a crystal meth lab in a trailer park . bounce around the old lady Saturday night and get you recidivist ass bust back ... fujima not anymore . this be a distribution network out of South Florida , move poly - drug load , crystal meth through coke , to Nashville , Atlanta , Memphis , Cleveland . and computer fraud , identity theft . it 's like that . castillo ( to the point ) tell they what you want . fujima they know about alonzo , before he make a move on they . they have we operation . they have cut into we . crockett how ? fujima we do not know . tubb break you encryption ? hack you e- mail ? employee database ? somebody on the inside ? fujima we do not know . and that 's the point . maybe there 's a mole . whatever , it 's a disaster . and it 's a Joint interagency Task Force . I have dea , atf , U.S. custom component in on it . so the penetration could be from any one agency . what we do know be I have to suspend operation right now from undercover work through interdiction ' cause I have to assume we operational Security be blow . tubb as in , you ass be dead in the water . fujima but Miami PD be not part of the j.i.t . and from what alonzo say , he do not give you up . crockett so what do you want ? fujima to recruit you . pause . castillo ... I do not want you around the crime scene because it 's crawl with federal law enforcement . we do not know who 's straight up , who 's not ... crockett recruit we to do what ? fujima get into business with this crew , identify they . illuminate they network . if you be lucky , discover they source , how they penetrate we . we will indict and take it from there ... crockett how do we do that ? make a buy ? ( wry ) that go well ... tubb reverse undercover ? we supply to they ? fujima they get a steady stream of supply . so , no ... crockett from whom ...? fujima a colombian producer . name archangel de Jesus montoya-londono . crockett never hear of he . fujima from the North valle area . New . low -level , we think . tubb Aryan brother be not go to change - up supplier . so ... crockett transpo ? how they bring the load in ...? fujima they be not . they collect in Miami . montoya , the producer , handle delivery . that 's he end , and he vary the route . we get some flir off a awac of a coupla go - fast boat , on one run , that 's all . fujima boot up he military - spec laptop to view the flir video . meanwhile ... tubb track with I , here ... ( beat ) they know the " Russians " be undercover feeb ? they should have no-show . but , no , this guy show anyway , and commit murder upon federal officer . and steal all you money ... ( beat ; to fujima ) what do that say to you ? crockett ( speculate ) it say , " we do not fear you . " ( to fujima ) it say , " fuck off and die . " it say , " we get down for recreation ... " fujima 's dell laptop glow to life . two almost indistinguishable boat and they wake be see . crockett ( cont would ) blow that up ... crockett 's attention go to something atypical he spot about the wake emerge behind each boat . he exchange a look with tubb . but they say nothing . tubb ( to crockett ) so ? crockett we could try to run load into this guy . ( to fujima ) run a few load for montoya into South Florida . into this group . fujima you need to consider a few issue . castillo ( to crockett + tubb ) ... you would be operate outside territorial United States . you badge do not count . you have no authorization to carry weapon . if you be bust , it could take a long time to get you re-patriate . and there 's no backup ... ( to fujima ) and you will share with they all you intel on montoya ... fujima sure . castillo I mean full disclosure . fujima of course . from my side , I do not want to know anything about what you be do or how you do it ... ( to castillo ) so let I know if we be on ... fujima split . castillo wait until fujima 's car pull away . castillo ( to tubb ) about the Stevens family , I be sorry . I know you be close to they . tubb I be the kid ' godfather . castillo ( intuit ) and ...? tubb " and " what ? castillo I get to know . there be never any room for " personal " ... crockett ( for tubb ) he be fine . and we know the joke . when it get vengeful , thing get messy . when they get messy the wrong people die ... ( beat ) everybody get it . castillo good . tubb and the answer be " yes . " ( beat ) before she meet alonzo , once upon a time , a long time ago . ( beat ) you bet it be personal . ... and be now compartmentalize in the past . castillo okay . ( to crockett ) what would you spot ...? crockett Three wake off the back of that boat . who run three sterling engine off a deep - V hull ? tubb sal maguda . castillo he any good ? tubb oh , yeah ... castillo so what 's gonna persuade montoya to change off sal maguda run he delivery ...? it 's a rhetorical question . CUT to : ext . indian river - thermal image of two deep v-hull go - fast boat - night they be two foot out of the water on they dry dock , next to a Marine shed . it 's a unlikely location because derelict factory , cheap apartment , weed and marine scrap metal be the neighborhood . ext . surveillance location - crockett + tubb and a swat team in the weed across the river . they include sgt . jean - louis bastide , a haitian in dark sweat . they all be in plain clothes . bastide odile , she say they be pregnant ... we do not know what that mean , yet . tubb yeah ? okay . only Jean-Louis and I do the talk ... CUT to : int . marine shed - door - night both steel door explode as if they molecular structure , itself , disintegrated from one blast of tubb m - 40 grenade - launcher fire a canister of ball bearing like a king-size shotgun on steroid as ... guard react , but crockett draw down on one with a AK - 47 . bastide wound the second guard who have draw down he h &amp ; K. a third Guard beg to live in french patois . they own the place . and crockett see ... 800 individually - wrap brick of North valle colombian cocaine be on a table . tubb comme on dit ... ( like they say ... ) jean -louis charger et les recoit d'ici ... ( load them up and get out of here ... ) bad guy you crazy ? que fais - tu ? tubb que faison - nous ? De qu 'a - t - il l'air , fou ! nous voulon tous votre drug . ( what be we do ? what 's it look like we be do , fool ? we be steal all you dope . ) suburban crash through the wreckage of the door and back to the table . Jean -louis and swat # 1 start throw brick into the back . tubb with crockett exit . ext . marine shed - dry dock - crockett + tubb approach the two deep v-hull go - fast boat with three engine off the back . tubb crack the breech of the grenade launcher and load a 40 - millimeter shell , while he stroll down the dock ... crockett toss two Willie Peters ( white phosphorus grenade ) into the boat . tubb fire the m - 40 at a third boat , which explode flame , follow by ... two carnation of white phosphorescence destroy the smuggler 's stryker , which we see in fujima 's video . crockett + tubb have just put sal maguda out of business . they walk away and around the side of the shed , disregard the curious citizen of Little Haiti , come to watch the firework ... CUT to : int . mercede cl 600 on a miami STREET - crockett + tubb - brilliant daylight drive . crockett reach into a paper bag full of cell phone and grab one . he dial up a number , grab another and hand it to tubb . crockett ( in the phone ) hey , sailor ... ( pause ) yeah , I be good . ( beat ) get a hole in the calendar ... look to charge up the cash flow . ( wait ) yeah , later . crockett strike out . while ... tubb ( into phone ) hey , Nicholas , my ace . wha 's up ? nicholas ( v.o. ) you know . same old ... tubb ( into phone ) we get idle all of a instant . you get something from somewhere that 's get to go someplace , somewhen , which be not too distantly in the future ...? int . collin avenue condo - nicholas - day ... the guy with the white hair . nicholas it be fortuitous that you call ... CUT to : ext . LA perla district of san juan , puerto rico - twilight corrosion and decay . people look coldly at we . malevolence and malefaction on every corner . no one 's pick up the garbage for a month . Poverty in the Caribbean half - light ... crockett &amp ; tubb cross the street to camera from they rental car . the La perla section be a 16th century haven for pirate . it 's have little civic improvement in 400 year . they enter a nightclub - shabby neon . int . nightclub - crockett + tubb - twilight there be no customer . they be cautious . Men stop they and frisk they . they expect that . crockett we be from Nicholas to meet josé ... they be wave to the rear . they start towards a back table . a small group of people wait ... over crockett + tubb approaching : josé " cochi loco " yero he 's a former right - wing colombian paramilitary from the North valle near the Pacific coast . he run operation , communication and security . he have cold eye and a corpulent face . he 's notorious for use torture to ferret - out informant . right now he watch this two Americans approach . Security people be on either side of he . josé yero ( extend hand ) josé ... crockett sonny burnett ... this be my partner , Rico . josé yero sit. as crockett sit , he notice that at a table a few to the side be a woman . this be isabella . behind glass , she seem immobile , fill with intelligence , well - dress in subdued Tom Ford and stare at he . reading he . crockett hold the look that extra beat and turn back to business ... crockett ( to Security ) do café . he 's security , not a fuck waiter . but yero nod . Security fetch coffee , anyway . tubb so lay it out , my brother ... josé yero Nicholas say you okay . that 's nice . but how I know if you any good ? crockett what ...? josé yero who you run load for ? Cause other than Nicholas , you know you ? tubb look at crockett . they think it be a do deal . crockett ( dark ) my mommy and daddy know I . isabella tilt she head imperceptibly . tubb and we do not come down here to audition . Business audition for we ... ( beat ) ... and know who we be and know they want they load run by we before Nicholas call . crockett that way we do not waste avga or we motherfuck time . yero 's security react to the tone and raise weapon . a few start up out of they chair as ... zito + switek appear at the door , smg from shoulder strap . Zito flip a d1 hand grenade which crockett snatch out of the air , pull the pin and slam on the table . everyone freeze . only crockett 's hand pressure restrain the clip . crockett ( cont would ) ( go right up in yero 's face ) you want to " know " shit ? who the fuck be you ? you get a side deal with U.S. custom to open up the coast in a few spot ... in exchange you flip they some gringo runner ? like we ...? tubb you wear a wire ? tubb rip open yero 's shirt . crockett or dea ? the feeb ? yero 's shirt ... open to the waist . no wire . yero 's furious . yero 's people have weapon point they way . they outnumber switek and Zito . slack 's take up on triggers . it 's on the edge . and the edge be overload . tubb read that , warn yero ... tubb people gonna walk into this place and say , " ola , hijo ! that some crazy wallpaper . whew ... it wild ! be that a Jackson pollack ? " crockett " no , viejo . that be josé yero , splatter all over he motherfuck wall . " tubb so we can close each other 's eye right now . Real easy . Real fast . ( pause ) but , then , nobody make any money ... yero gesture he security to calm down .... one notch . crockett and tubb still hold the grenade . then crockett open he shirt . no wire . so do tubb . pause . josé yero ( flat ) equipment ? tubb slow and low , Adam a-500s ... ( yero look quizzical ) ... carbon composite , stealthy , 1400 nautical - mile range , thousand ki payload ... all the way to caravel and 727 's from a source country to a transshipment point . small freighter . we have do container ... crockett and specialize in very fast go - fast boat for coastal run . tubb what kind of weight ? josé yero we do not talk weight . we talk logistic . isabella sit , watch this . she drink she coffee . josé yero ( cont would ) you get long and lat for the pickup . open ocean . you run it in . on shore , we people receive the load . crockett ( interrupt ) the people on shore who handle a load we run be we people , not you people . no tweaker , doper , first - timer we do not know . they do not do time with we , they be not do crime with we . tubb what you get from we be a date . a place . " in the parking lot of a Jack -in- the - box in north Miami . " at such - and -such time , a eighteen - wheeler will be there . key in the ignition . ready to roll . you pick it up . and you drive it ... ( wave he leave hand ) ...away . crockett money thing be do in advance in place where there be no gun . because when money and gun get together , there be violence ... josé yero you afraid of violence ? crockett I be not John Wayne . there be no " S " on he chest . we get down if the play call for it . but we be into business and make money . tubb and violence be extra . and expensive . so how much weight you look to move ? josé yero nothing . ' Cause how you do delivery on the beach , I do not like . maybe this do not work . crockett then it do not work . tubb what happen to the last transporter you have ? josé yero what do you care ? tubb ( to crockett ) do we need this ...? crockett ( rise ) Red light , green light , josé ? josé yero ( do not answer , lean back ) I be also call " cochi loco . " that mean " crazy pig . " ' Cause I enforce security and get people to tell I what I need to know . that part of what I do , you never want to find out about . ( pause ) other people will negotiate the money and go or not go . not I ... tubb then what be we talk to you for ? josé yero I have to lay eye on you . crockett and ...? isabella watch crockett ... josé yero ( to tubb ) you seem okay . ( to tubb be : crockett ) but he ? I do not like ... how he look ... everything go from tense to lethal . have yero make they ? tubb what do I care what you think about how he look ? you wanna fuck my partner or do business ? josé yero wait by the phone . ( pause ) you get a call . or maybe you do not . until then , piss off back to where you come from ... crockett flip the hand grenade and catch it with he leave hand ... and he drop it in front of josé yero . it spin on the table . he have reinserted the pin . and they back out . CUT to : int . miami safe house - tubb in the shower - night contemplative . offsccreen a door open . enter be gina calabrese . she 's naked . she wash he back . she dump too much shampoo on he head . he try to clear it from he eye . laugh . they start to make love under the water , in the steam , through the mist glass , offscreen we hear a engine rumble ... closer : gina somebody 's come . tubb ... sonny can wait . tubb and gina be not random lover , they be in love . the look in she eye , the openness be pure femininity behind the bronx presentation . she smile , touch the side of he face . ext . safe house , on the indian river - crockett - night tie up a 75 ' Sun seeker . it look like a 38 ' deep - V offshore racer on growth hormone . crockett 's alone , as dusk fade over the ' 60' ranch house on the river . it 's under tropical tree , with one strip of white neon utility lighting outline the flat eave . int . safe house , kitchen - crockett let himself in . he 's at a kitchen stool at the counter when tubb enter in sweat . tubb anything ? crockett nothing . gina enter in a robe ... gina ( beat ) " hi , gina . hi , sonny . " crockett hi , gina . ( put shopping bag on table ) this be from frick and frack . trudy ? tubb ( be : bag ) what do we get ? crockett pull out three overly - large cell phone ... crockett Satellite . New encryption . supposedly sharper than the g... ( to gina ) how good 's we background ? tubb and crockett look at the Mac screen as gina boot it up . gina 's finger tap dance on the keyboard . gina you be so not the PD , if you get bust on a DUI , you be in serious trouble ... you be bad man back to grammar school . ( to tubb ) San quentin . pelican bay. ( to crockett ) Marine Corps . statesville . pelican Bay , where you guy hook up . now you be too smart and too fast to get jack again ... crockett how will it stand up ? gina if they run the rental car or lease on this place ... even if it 's epic database in El paso ... they would have to work through the layer of bullshit three week deep . then they would find you deeper , hide criminal selve ... int . live room - bad 3 am television - later no one 's watch it . int . bedroom - gina asleep . tubb ' eye be wide open , stare ... int . second bedroom - ecu : pager light up . beep . crockett 's hand grab it . it 's the summon from josé yero . int . kitchen - gina - pre-dawn gina ( lazily ) what be I suppose to do after I get my nail and hair do ...? tubb reality tv and stay by the phone . that 's what all wife - in-crime do ... he lean over and kiss she . she hold firmly the back of he neck and look into he eye . gina be ...careful ... you hear I ? he wink at she in assurance and he 's go . her lazy smile drop off . " careful " ... she 's not so sure he will be ... CUT to : int . lear 55 jet - tubb pilot crockett in the copilot seat . switek and Zito be in the back , barely awake . Zito hand out coffee . switek 's stashing weapon behind the fuselage upholstery . tubb be clear US air space as we ... ext . sky - aerial : lear jet rocket through cumulonimbus against a black sky up to 35,000 foot . tubb where we meeting them ...? crockett Port - au-prince . ext . port-au -prince airport , runway - lear jet - dawn touch down , drive towards we ... turn towards commercial aviation facility ... closer : hatch open . switek and Zito emerge to rental car with two car - rental clerk wait ... CUT to : int . port-au - prince HOTEL room - door - day crockett and tubb make a careful entry . hand on weapon , carry bag ... crockett what do we get ? tubb five minute ... we see tradecraft . they clear the room . they check for bug and external surveillance . they pull curtain . tubb from a bag pull a scanner . under the two bed . behind the picture . the lamp . the telephone . meanwhile ... crockett " trap " the room to reveal if it have be searched while they be go . he align the suitcase perfectly parallel on the bench . a matchstick go against the close closet door . a ballpoint pen be lean against the telephone . tubb ( cont would ) ... show time . from he bag tubb pull a Smith &amp ; wesson j-frame hammerless in .357 Magnum . he holster this on he ankle . a remington 780 shotgun with pistol grip , saw - off to a 12 - inch barrel get sling on a bungee - cord shoulder strap under he right arm . .9 mm under he shirt in he waistband and two spare magazine clipped to he belt . crockett load a .45 " race " gun with round sight and a magna- ported barrel , cross -drawn , and a blunt .45 para - ordnance in the small of he back . they be ready . int . corridor - there door open . crockett " trap " that door , too , with a small piece of tape . crockett + tubb all of it tell we that where they be and where they be go be a high wire act without a net . no backup . they badge do not work . there be no law ; there be no order . they be in a state of nature where people get kill for they shoe . dissolve to : ext . port-au -prince cemetery ( haiti ) - crockett + tubb - late afternoon wait . shadows on white limestone monument . Bird song . dissolve to : white mausoleums - dusk they wait . and wait . and nothing happen . tubb they watch we watch they watch we wait for they ? or what ? crockett who know ... still apprehensive , conclude they be victim of a " no - show " ... tubb that 's it . they split . CUT to : int . HOTEL - third floor corridor - crockett + tubb - twilight approach they door . crockett stop . the tape " trap " be tear . weapon appear in they hand . someone 's be here . int . HOTEL room - crockett + tubb enter stealthily . then , they relax . they need not have bother be so careful about detect a clandestine surveillance . over crockett + tubb the room be overtly destroy . not one piece of furniture be unbroken . wall have be open . picture rip . curtain . they stuff 's strewn all over . and , then ... door crash in . haitian paramilitary in soccer jersey and short with assault rifle ... bedroom doorway - four more paramilitary AK 's be aim at crockett and tubb ' head . crockett 's .45 and he para - ordnance be in each hand . tubb ' shotgun be aim at the front door , he .9 mm at the man stream in the window . frozen moment . a woman 's voice ... isabella ( o.s. ) ( to crockett ) put you gun on the table ... ( enter , sit ) if we want you dead , you would no longer be draw breath in Miami . we would not have bring you all the way here . crockett really ? so , what be this , a party ? crockett + tubb put down they weapon . tubb we will have room service wipe up the furniture ... and bring drink . isabella say something in french . the cop ease - up . isabella 's personal security frisk crockett + tubb and remain . paramilitary leave . crockett glad we come . this place be a lot of fun if you be doctor without Borders . so ...? isabella take off she glass . she 's afro-cuban . isabella I run down the number . nothing be very negotiable . small load ? we pay three thousand a ki . we pay you fuel cost up front plus ten percent . the next ten percent on U.S. landfall . tubb define small . isabella two , three thousand a ki . two thousand ki 's , you end be $ 6,000,000 . ( beat ) complex transshipment or deal with container , this have front - load cost we pickup . ( beat ) for this kind of weight , the balance of 80 % be when we buyer pick up the load . ( beat ) transaction be offshore . dollar or euros . secure internet transfer . we have list of Cayman and Isle of man bank infiltrate by IRS , to be avoid ... ( beat ) no transaction of cash or other banking instrument take place on U.S. soil ... ( beat ) that 's the deal . crockett I think we have to meet the man . isabella you do . crockett when ? isabella right now . as she leave ... int . mercede - crockett + tubb - night in the back seat on a rural road . isabella be not with they . one of she Russians be . in the front seat , he smg be ready ; he eye never leave crockett and tubb . ext . road - caravan a military hummer in the front carry isabella with she security . behind be a crew cab with bench seat load with haitian paramilitary . int . mercede - tubb they approach a town . he nudge crockett . a police roadblock 's ahead . crockett have see something else . he indicate the pager on he waist . tubb ' Pov : pager - no signal that 's what 's surprising . tubb pull he cell phone . meanwhile , they be slow down for the police roadblock . crockett get tense ... tubb watch . his cell 's signal strength indicator step down to zero . ext . police roadblock - cop stop the caravan . be this turn bad ? int . car - crockett alarmed . ext . roadblock - haitian cop check under the vehicle with mirror . see all the weapon . salute . usher the convoy past . int . mercede - crockett + tubb exchange a look . then they get it . the cop work as security for the narcotrafficker . the caravan advance towards a major intersection . this one be block - off by haitian military . ext . second checkpoint - car door be snatch open . haitian soldier search crockett and tubb . they defer to the russian-speaking security . mercede pull forward ... crockett eye he pager ; tubb he cell phone : no signal in a urban area ? block signal traffic be something the CIA do over Baghdad . it 's not suppose to be happen in Haiti on a dope deal . crockett + tubb see a third circle of security approach . private - sector type in business suit carry automatic weapon , some more casually dress , some with night-vision goggle . the vehicle stop . ext . town square crockett and tubb be direct to get out . they be push around and searched . a work class glaswegion Scot , a couple of 5 '10 " brit be off to the side with short hair and shoulder that be too deep and face like rugby player ( ex - sas ) . Russians be ex -kgb . Languages overhear : smatterings of Russian , Hebrew and English . crockett and tubb look at each other : they get it . this be the cream of private sector security . and it say top dollar infrastructure . they + we see : ext . town square four avenue lead in . each avenue be block . the square be close down to vehicle and pedestrian . local have disappear . in the center of the square be four matching black suburban . crockett gesture to tubb to look up . they see ... rooftop : two - man team - sniper + spotter with night-vision goggle ... crockett + tubb be clean . crockett , tubb + isabella cross through a no-man 's land . it feel like be in the open in kosovo . tubb check out the first suburban 's uplink satellite dish on a hydraulic mast . the rear 's convert into computer equipment sit in ruggedize rack ... int . second suburban - wide Doors open . the interior have be convert into a luxurious , limo - like office with swivel seat . isabella follow by crockett and tubb enter . it 's occupy by archangel do jesus montoya -londono . he 's not flashy . he have smooth skin , slightly opalescent , black eye . his right arm be normal length , but shrivel . montoya please take that seat on the side ... tubb thank you . montoya ( polite , friendly ) Excuse I because I be very busy and have many thing to do , so this will be brief . yes ? ( beat ; not wait ) we will try you on a " run . " one . to build trust . we do a thousand kis . in all matter , when you work for we , you must do exactly what you say you will do . ( beat ) in this business with I , if you say you will do a thing , you must do exactly that thing . ( beat ) then ? you will prosper beyond you dream and you can live in Miami in millionaire style . ( beat ) if you be arrest , there will be lawyer make available to you in the United States . you will use they . anything you need , you will be provide by I . it cost you nothing . you will contact and work through josé yero on logistic and communication . to do with money , you will work through my wife , isabella ... crockett notice that montoya lightly hold she hand . it 's confident . and he see the slight smile on isabella 's face as she watch he and tubb ... montoya ( cont would ) more than I , in finance and business , she be very dangerous . I look forward to we do work together . whether we do or not , it be unlikely we will meet again . so I extend my best wish to you family ... ( to tubb ) particularly to you beautiful wife . ( beat ) thank you for make this long trip to see I ... dismiss , they exit . ext . town square - extremely close : tubb subterranean alarm be go off . tubb find himself in this small city , occupy by narcotrafficker and they security in the middle of nowhere . urgency agitate tubb . he control it ... crockett in the town square , now , too . but isabella stay inside montoya 's suburban . now , she lower she window . roadblocks break up . montoya 's suburban pull out . the security cordon deform . it all disappear around they . it leave only the mercede , a driver , and crockett and tubb ... closer : crockett look after the caravan . crockett' Pov : isabella's eye in the side- view mirror on the passenger side . she be look at he . crockett hold that look . isabella's eye in the mirror hold he . crockett sound deaden . his attention be on the woman in the mirror ... until it 's break by tubb ' attention to he cell phone . tubb ' cell phone signal strength return . tubb punch in number . tubb ( low ) ... who do we just meet ? he wait . a phone ring . it 's pick up by gina . gina ( o.s. ) hello ...? tubb be relieved ... tubb you okay ? gina yeah . tubb you sure ? gina yes . what 's up ? tubb nothing . Calling to say hi ... what 's up with you ? intercut with : int . safe house , kitchen - gina gina bore . to tubb , that 's good news . tubb okay ... see you soon . gina ... and thanks for the flower . ext . haitian town square - tubb tubb what flower ? gina the bouquet , here . five-hundred dollar worth of rose ... yellow . pause . tubb there a note ? pause . gina you mean with the flower ...? tubb what 's it say ? gina " salutation from the south ... " a deep chill . gina ( cont would ) I ... I think it be from you . and , now , she get it . gina be in the kitchen . alone , in they secret safe-house location . she and tubb have nothing to say . he look to crockett . the message from montoya - londono be clear : I know you . I can reach out and locate you we yours . anytime . you be not safe . tubb we be on we way ... int . kitchen - gina - night tubb ( o.s. ) ( force casual ) so why do not you ... meet the plane ... we sense this be code . it mean get the fuck out of there right now ! gina ( cool ) okay . tubb good idea . ( beat ) we will grab a bite . gina end the call , drop to the floor to the wall , kill the light , hold she sig .9 mm at she side as she move deeper into the interior ... CUT to : int . cuban cafe on calle ocho , miami - tubb + gina - 4 am Close on they two face . he 's hold she hand under the table . the noise of the surround crowd be a roar . that 's the idea . they want they word bury under noise ... past gina : crockett discreetly at the door , watch the street . trudy , switek and Zito be at adjacent table . gina ... the lease , the phone , the car ... layer of false ident . would take the FBI week . how long do it take they ? Three hour ? four ? ( be : the note ) this mean , " we can reach out and touch somebody . " like bad teleflora . tubb ( cut in ) ... even if they could run the identity you build to epic , all they will find be more cover ... trust what you build . it 's quality , girl . we be cool ... gina ( lean in ; hold he hand tighter ) ... you be try to reassure I because you know when people get anxious , they make mistake . you be worried about I . do not be. ( into he eye ) I be careful . I be cool . I get trudy , backup , whatever . you worry about you . because you be the one who be in deny territory , not I . if you focus be on I , you will miss something come at you . that 's how people slip up . get hurt . and I would die if anything happen . you worry about you . you and sonny ... be in the dangerous place . I be fine ... gina lean back in she chair . they eye still connect across the distance between they . they hand still touch . gina ( cont would ) ( loud ) fuck them . they send we some flower . Big deal . thanks for the flower ... gina calabrese shrug . tubb laugh , and we be ... int . safe house - bedroom - 4 am low music . Dark shadow . half - light wash the wall from pass headlight . tubb be gina be naked . it 's the lovemake of a man and a woman when they hold precious the moment they have because they know that in this moment they be safe . and that the present be fleeting . and they know they time together be about luck . because life be short . departure be imminent . nothing life forever . it 's in they face and they eye ... CUT to : int . shack ( guajira peninsula , colombia ) - crockett - dawn a lantern light he face . the night be soft . crockett 's with a couple of campesino , play poker and drink beer . whoever 's shack this be , be a tupac shakur freak . his image be on all the wall . a diesel truck start and pull away outside . ext . landing strip - tubb - night check the cargo tie-down inside a a-500 Adam aircraft . he 's sweat . his shirt 's off . the cargo be ten black plastic-wrapp and tape bundle . like any good pilot , tubb trust nobody but himself to tie-down the load . the rear seat be remove . there 's a plastic bladder hold a reserve of 50 gallon of avga . int . shack - crockett win . the girl shriek . crockett push the money towards the campesino . they refuse . crockett insist . one will only accept the money if crockett accept he randall hunt knife . he do . tubb be in the doorway . crockett we set . crockett kiss the girl , gracious about the gift . tubb look out into the night . tubb to the limit . crockett you worried about the tree line , US custom awac , or something else on you mind ? tubb like ...? crockett gina in the Miami pad . ( no answer ) you gonna give I phony denial ? tubb no. ( beat ) you gonna give I phony reassurance ? crockett no . tubb good . so let 's go ... they head toward the strange-look plane . it 's a single fuselage with two propeller ... one at the nose , one at the tail . off the wing be two boom that connect to a rear wing . it 's a burt rutan aircraft design . there be neither metal nor expose exhaust for radar or if to spot . it do 200 knot at 22,000 foot . it will fly , forever , 1,000 kilo of flake worth $ 23 million , and the total air weight be less than two bentley . it 's the smuggler 's dream airplane . ext . landing strip - end of runway - a-500 adam head for the tree-line . it will not make it . at the last moment , tubb pull back the stick and the plane loft over the tree , clipping the top ... int . a- 500 - crockett throw a look sideways at tubb . ext . sky - a-500 airborne over the Caribbean , head north ... crockett ( o.s. ) ( into radio ) transglobal Airlines flight zero - zero-zero ... be in the air ... zito ( v.o. ) Roger that . int . a- 500 - crockett - much later be doze . a signal . tubb point up and to the right . crockett wake , look . a aero Commander turbo twin be parallel the a -500 's course . now , it slide over they ... almost into a collision . it sit right over the a - 500 , separate by only 75 foot . int . opa - locka AIR traffic control - traffic controller - day handle a myriad of flight , react . on he radar he see next to the image of the aero Commander , a ghost image .... AIR traffic controller eleven -ten , Sierra , do you have a visual on another aircraft ...? int . aero commander - switek + zito - day switek be fly and look down at the a -500 below ... zito negative , opa-locka . int . opa - locka AIR traffic control - traffic controller key he radio . AIR traffic controller opa-locka Air traffic Control to jit 0 - seven-six -nellie-charlie ... awac ( v.o. ) hello , opa-locka . what 's up ? AIR traffic controller I have get a aero Commander come in on a two - seventy - nine head , but I have a double image ... like there 's another plane there , now I be only pick up on one . what do you read ? int . US custom awac - radar officer radar officer let I see ... his flir ( forward look infrare ) pick up switek and Zito 's Air Commander . he flip through all the different modality of detection , include thermography , for anything else suspicious in the airspace ... awac radar officer ( into mic ) too many mai tais at lunch ... you be see double . one blip . one plane . ext . sky - side shot : the aero commander like a pancake on top of the a-500 right below it we get the joke . the a -500 with its stealthiness under the aero Commander together like a single footprint . aerial angle : two plane piggybacked , enter US airspace and cross the coastline into Florida . from underneath , the aero Commander sweep to the right on approach as tubb radically dive for the tree , hugging the contour at 220 knot at 150 foot ... have snuck this plane and its load into the United States of America . CUT to : ext . circle 6 motel , parking lot - u-haul -it truck - night alone in the acid - yellow glare of the sodium vapor light . we wait . we do not know why we be here . parking lot perimeter - sawgrass move in ... and we reveal stake - out be crockett , Jean-Louis and tubb ... crockett Neptune gonna show ? we do not know who he 's talk about . jean-louis oh , he will show . this be he kind of deal . crime on crime . who 's gonna call the cop ? crockett ( skeptical ) usually he thing be street dealer . torture they family until they cough up the stash . this ...? jean -louis he 's ambitious . tubb head up ... escalade light off . cruise through the parking lot past the u- haul - it to the other side and disappear . tubb ( cont would ) that 's slick : Neptune 's escalade 's worth more than the real estate . but no one 's suppose to notice he drive - by ? crockett here 's another incognito genius ... another angle : malibu ss cruise the other end of the parking lot . the escalade return . all 's clear . both converge around the u-haul - it truck . out of the escalade step neptune - 6 '4 " , narrow - shoulder and bald . from the malibu and back of the escalade , four more haitian zo pounder with handgun , shotgun and shade ... neptune pop the lock on the u- haul - it with a crowbar . he roll up the door expect million worth of cocaine . instead he come face to face with the barrel of a 12 - gauge ... trudy April fool , motherfucker . trudy whip the butt end of the shotgun around , cave in Neptune 's cheekbone and nose ... wider - neptune go down for the count . switek - under the truck - roll out . crockett , tubb with shotgun , Jean-Louis and Zito with car - 15s emerge from the perimeter with bright light on shouting for the haitian to freeze ... tubb ( patois ) arrete ! arrete ! freeze ! ( to one ) et vous , mo -fo ! a 250 - lb. zo pounder bring up he weapon . crockett blows the guy 's leg out from under he . Zito disarm he . the other two be disarm . neptune be roll over by crockett . he plastic-ty he wrist and foot . other be manhandle ... jean -louis ( in french ) get the fuck in the truck ...! Zo pounder , plastic-ty , be throw into the truck with the thousand kilo of cocaine . but not Neptune . the gate be roll down and padlock . CUT to : int . safe house - crockett - night stare at he satellite cell . wait . he look out the window at the pass river . Soft voice from another room ... probably tubb and gina . it 's five in the morning . it ring . he answer . josé yero ( o.s. ) client get delivery . but there be ... " extras " in the back of the truck . crockett " extras " try to relieve we of you weight ... ( beat ) and by the by , you know of a player in overtown who go by the name of " thing aquatic " ? josé yero I do . we do not do business with he ... crockett he try to ... " do business " ... with you . around ten . his place . be there . josé yero I will be there . ext . overtown STREET - josé yero in a tinted excursion - day cruise storefront church , chacoutery , Baptist mission , haitian restaurant and palm tree . Men in dark trousers and white shirt lean in doorway . the suv precede yero stop three house before we . the excursion with yero stop two house beyond . Security - very casually - deploy . now , yero approach ... see through the curtain of the window we be look through . reveal tubb watch . and , he cross to the door and open it as yero cautiously enter . int . live room - yero and he face register surprise . crockett look familiar ? dope carefully stack in the live room be the plastic - wrapped brick of cocaine that crockett and tubb stole from sal maguda' warehouse when they blew up he boat . hog-tied and bleed all over he clothes , in the corner be Neptune . his mouth be tape . he 's shaking he head ... disclaim , disown and disavow ... tubb this the load you lose a while back ? josé yero it be . he try to take tonight 's load ? crockett yeah . josé yero and what do I do with he ? tubb ( shrug ) whatever you want . like we say , we be not into violence . yero look around the corner and see switek and Zito in the dining room , casually at ease with galil assault rifle ... meaning " do not even think about it " ... CUT to : int . a empty mansion - josé yero - day the empty mansion be on its own peninsula . through the window we see a yacht and crockett 's 48 ' stryker , its canopy open but without its racing supergraphics . the mansion interior ... all beaumanier limestone ... be devoid of all furnish . they sit on white plastic garden chair from sear . josé yero ( suspicious ) I walk into Neptune 's house ... very nice . but I also see you ... and we drug that get rip from maguda . tubb you do not like we find you load ? we can go and lose it all over again ... crockett how ' bout this ? how would Neptune know where to hit we ? huh ? whose op sec 's get a leak ? your ? josé yero what would Neptune tell you ? crockett he do not . interrogation 's not in we skill set . ( beat ) so c'mon , what suspicion have you master - minded off this association ? josé yero ( whisper in Spanish to isabella ) here 's what this be ... ask how much they want to turn back to we we load ... yero 's certain about they motive . isabella we want it back . crockett okay . isabella what 's the recovery ? how much be you look for ? tubb ( to crockett ) how much we look for ? crockett nothing . isabella what 's " nothing " ? crockett nothing . as in " free , gratis . " tubb and as a investment in the future ... isabella ( take off she glass and look at crockett ) " future " of ...? crockett a fine ...business ...relationship ... she hold crockett 's look ... as she do before . tubb it 's yours cause what 's yours , be yours . and what 's ours be ours ... ( to yero ) ... like the second ten-percent , which be now due , yero , my ace . isabella gesture . yero kick across the floor a cardboard box full of money . tubb glance inside . do not count it . tubb ( cont would ) what 's up next ? or be this a one - time deal ? isabella decide . isabella ( to yero ) give they the shipment on the seventeenth ... yero do not like it . she gesture " do it . " tubb conveyance ? isabella maritime . Jose will fill you in . and she start to leave ... and sense crockett 's get up and follow she . meanwhile tubb ( to yero ) Lay it out ... and crockett , close behind isabella , now ... crockett ( low ) there be one thing you can do for I in recognition of the death - defy risk we take to recover you product ... isabella ( low ) and what be that ? this be the wife of narcotrafficker archangel de Jesus montoya-londono . crockett let I buy you a drink . isabella pause . crockett may get kill right now . they be near the open door to the patio . isabella ( low ) what do you like to drink ? crockett ( low ) I be a fiend for mojita . isabella look over at crockett 's boat . back to crockett ... isabella ( low ) how fast do that go ? crockett it go very fast . isabella show I ...? isabella and crockett head outside towards the dock , tubb overtake ... tubb can I talk to you for a second , partner ...? they step aside . tubb ( cont would ) ( low , be : isabella ) wha 's up ...? crockett ( low ) I know what I be do . and he leave to help isabella board . switek unty and push off the boat . look out the window at they be josé yero , as perplex as tubb , who cover ... tubb ... secure satellite comm . encrypt e-mail , the long and lat for the transshipment point ... all that ? it 's all cool . but I need a vector , not a location . ' Cause ship move . that 's why they call they ship . ship stop ? it 's try to be a apartment building . at sea that attract attention . that 's bad ... meanwhile ... int . stryker , cabin - crockett + isabella pull away from the dock at 12 knot , repress the thunder of the 2,700 - horsepower engine . crockett leave the canopy sly back . they be open to the air . he give isabella headsets so they can talk over the roar . the wind start to move she hair . she 's not sure how to put on the headset . crockett let the boat rock over the swell while he arrange she headset around she ear . his finger brush she hair , touch she skin ... it be not intentional . but the look in crockett 's eye be as if a small voltage pass through he . he plug she headset into the dash , regains the wheel , shove the throttles forward and ... ext . OPEN ocean - " born to win " cut and then leap over swell . in seven second they be do over 70 knot . and crockett hold it there as ... isabella the wind whip she hair behind she , now . the two be small against the smooth 50 ' long hull . crockett hand she wraparound shade for she eye . she do not want they ... crockett ( through headset ) so where 's the best place for mojita ? isabella bodeguita del medio . it 's the only place for mojita ... crockett where 's that ? isabella off a little alley with cobblestone . hemingway go there ... crockett the key ? isabella Havana . crockett Havana ? cuban do not like we or my business ... isabella be you afraid ? ( smile ; crockett shake he head " no " ) good . and you do not need a visa . Cause you be with I . ext . OPEN ocean - overhead " born to win " - day rocket from one swell to the next , get airborne . wind and salt electrify isabella . she turn to crockett and smile , put on the glass , now . crockett gesture to she knee . she should keep they bent . crockett push it to 75 knot ... frontal : crockett + isabella in strong light , rip by wind . behind they be ocean and sky and twenty - foot plume which jet from the prop and make a wake that vector in diagonal to what each be leave behind they ... where they have be ... and converge to push they to the new place where they be head . behind , the sky be leaden . they be racing a storm . sunlight shaft through a gap in thundercloud , turn the cloud yellow . now , they turn peach against the darken open water and the grey sky behind . the boat vibrate , the engine scream and ... crockett wave she over to join he behind the wheel . he hold out he leave hand to steady she . he bring she to he . both lean against he high upholster chair . he hold she to he side . indicate the wheel ... crockett Light touch . everything come to you through the wheel . crockett stay on the throttle , throttling back when the prop be out of the water so you do not redline the engine and forward when reenter . the swell be now four foot . they launch off each , get airborne , cut into the next ... crockett ( cont would ) how do we get into Cuba ?! isabella my cousin be the harbor master . you must not bring in drug . you can not be armed . if you be carry , it have to go . or stow it inside . no one will go near you boat ... crockett you do business in Cuba with you husband ? isabella I never do business in Cuba . ( beat ) and nobody go to Cuba but I . ( smile ) and he be not my husband ... crockett 's surprised . and he do not push it . crockett be you bear in Havana ? isabella angola . my mother be be a surgeon there . she volunteer . mozambique and mali , too ... ( over the wind ) ... that day , in that day ... she be part of Cuba 's gift to the third world . she come from a bourgeois family with a house in verdado ... we still have the house . we will go there ... crockett where 's she now ? isabella she 's dead ... crockett look at she . her perspective be that of the ' 60' and ' 70' , the politics of national liberation , the perspective of marcuse and franz fanon . crockett you father ? isabella angolan military . go back to the fight . disappear . who know ...? isabella look at the look on crockett 's face . isabella ( cont would ) go ahead and ask ... crockett how 's he not you husband ? isabella I be no one 's wife . I live in my own house . I do not live in a man 's house . he have a wife . we be together . I be free . because of banking and finance and travel ... ( look at he , shout over wind ) and I can do anything I want ... she laugh . she have that combination of intellect , beauty and youth . everything be possible ... life will never end ... she can ride this crest eternally . and crockett know that she confidence make she oblivious to peril , make " right now " too real because she believe she will live forever . crockett can not help it . he look right at she . she lift she face to the spray . some cloud part and light strike she ... and crockett want to possess she ; to protect she . he want no one else to have she . he want no harm to come to she . and this be a impulse that take he over to the core of who he be . and , as we move in closer , crockett have to turn away ... isabella see this . she 's quizzical . crockett look back at she . they eye connect . " born to win " leap ... crockett he leave arm around she shoulder , he right on the wheel . she rock back against he body . they rip across the seas ... CUT to : int . " jazz " - a havana nightclub jammed with people - night 14 - piece afro-cuban band . in the PRESS of dancer at a small table , crockett and isabella ... crockett ( shout over noise ) mojitas ...? isabella ( shouting back ) later ! do you dance ? crockett I dance ... they move into the crowd under two -story high window overlook meyer lansky 's Hotel riviera - freeze-dry 1959 Las Vegas . crockett + isabella whatever we know about sonny crockett , we do not know he could dance . they foot , they knee and thigh , perfectly match , they samba , like lightning . he swing she around and turn she to a close embrace as they hip and leg parallel each other 's , as he turn she under he arm , stop she , pull she backwards into he body , she hip into he , the fast beat , the footwork , and he spin she back face he , press she closer as it get faster and ... CUT to : int . bedroom - crockett + isabella fall onto a bed , shed the last of they clothes , make love in a house somewhere . Beyond they be a open window to the ocean . the sky turn red and grey but the water stay molten . they eye be open ... because they be lock together the whole time and they face be steady and urgently surprised because this be not language ; not a symbol , not a representation of a thing . Jesus montoya be not here . Miami be not here . this be discovery . this be fact . they have discover each other and have never feel like this about anyone before in they life . CUT to : int . house , bedroom - crockett - morning his eye open . he wake up . Light and situation flood in . he do not know where he be . he pull on he pants . barefoot , he walk to the window . the interior be high - ceiling with immaculately polished floor . and crockett look around , a stranger in a stranger place . ext . the balcony - crockett enter . the paint on the outside of this house be peel and patina with stain . the yard be overgrown . the stucco fence around the streamline deco facade be crumble from weather and time ... crockett watch the ocean from the balcony of the futuristic villa in verdado ... a futurism from 1939 , peel aqua , aging science fiction . wherever we be in the world , this place be out of the stream , outside history . and isabella , this woman from a different world , enter , bring he a oversize cup of coffee . in he trousers , crockett drape a arm across she shoulder and they stand in the air . crockett hear voice from the interior . isabella my aunt . she 's ancient . she look after the place ... ( beat ) this be my mother 's family 's home ... CUT to : int . bodeguita del medio - crockett + isabella - afternoon in the funky yellow restaurant drink mojita . they have have lunch serve to they at the bar . frosted glass have sugar on the bottom and be load with crush Cuban herb . the bartender have be there for 40 year . crockett and isabella look like regular . they have serve chicken and plantain . like any restaurant , the people eat at the bar be the regular . they sit where hemingway sit in the slow part of the afternoon . isabella tell I everything . crockett no . isabella I insist . crockett ( flip ) okay . ( beat ) macon , Georgia be where I be bear . wound up in a juvenile facility . I be 14 . then the military . then prison . because I be dumb and angry . then I read . then I get smart . then I discover what I know , now ... it 's all business ... isabella smile . crockett ( cont would ) ( to bartender ) my friend , two more . ( beat ) what be you mother 's name ...? isabella blanca ... a rubio like you . ( pause ) I see she in a dress ... a old photograph from lucinda somebody 's wedding ... everybody be with couple . husband and wife . they all pose . my mother be alone because my father have to go back to the fight . ( she point ) ... she look right into the camera . she be the most beautiful woman in the room . by herself . in a party dress . and she look like she know she would die alone ... ( beat ... remember ) she speak many language . we be in luanda when she die . I go to she friend in mali . they send I to the ecole polytechnique in geneva to study mathematics , where I meet montoya in the discos . he have banking there ... I be seventeen and very much into the club . and he send I to University for a mba in Finance . ( pause ) you mother ? crockett die in childbirth , have I ... isabella to mother . and all that we owe they ... isabella look at crockett and smile and put on she sunglass . crockett you know how improbable this be ...? isabella " probable " ... apply to a event that may be real . do not apply here . crockett ...' cause we have no future ... be of today and not tomorrow . isabella ( laugh ) that 's right . crockett ... and therafore there be no consequence ? isabella exactly . crockett 's hand be around she waist and slip down she hip as he pull she closer and take off she glass and she put down she drink and kiss he at the bar and crockett 's eye dwell on she and she look back at he and , now , know what he 's think ... CUT to : int . the streamline house in vedado - leaden skie - late afternoon the water be like sheet metal as cloud allow only a sliver of light to illuminate the sea while rain grey - out most of it . Minute crimson be a freighter head to the stone harbor . fabric billow in the wind . pull back into the room to crockett and isabella ... two naked body ... one light skinned , the other brown , intertwine in the opiate moment after sensuality . the afternoon half - light drape part of they body , make a relief against which they eye hold each other 's ... CUT to : int . shower - crockett - later focus elsewhere . it 's as if he 's struggle to record the event of she in memory so she will sustain there , because he compel himself to a different place , now . then , the shower curtain part . it startles he ... isabella enter . she touch he back . he turn to she with a smile . crockett ( soft ) let 's talk delivery . isabella be not let down by the switch to commerce . she merely go there , too . after all , this be they subject . Soft smile . crockett ( cont would ) ... and a different kind of deal . isabella like ...? crockett like " three thousand a ki ? " that 's nice . and I can supply the transportation into South Florida and the Gulf , more reliable and on-time than fedex . but , three per ki be ok for opener . isabella and why should continue excellence cost more ? crockett cost less . that 's the point . isabella be it December ? crockett what do you mean ? isabella do Christmas come early this year ...? crockett better than that . ( beat ) we become partner . only in this territory and only on load we run . and you do not pay we three thousand a ki . you pay we zero . why we get be thirty percent of the load . product or cash . " and why , " you be think , " would I be crazy enough to out in this gringos like that ? be he chipping ? crazy for my love ? too many mojita ? " and the answer be , " of course " but also " no . it be because sonny can deliver what no one else can . " isabella good samba dance ...? crockett Zero risk . isabella ' Cause you do not lose load ? crockett ' Cause we guarantee every load . ( beat ) anywhere , for any reason , it come up short , we make good . you operation will , from now on , run risk -free . isabella and you be we thirty - percent partner ? her know smile speak of experience beyond she year . isabella ( cont would ) ( deadly seriously ) what if I tell you that you idea be too big for you skin ? ( beat ) that merely to propose this be a dangerous thing ? crockett then I would say to you , this have be fun ... there 's a long pause . this be business . this be what be . isabella the range should be between fifteen and seventeen-point- five percent of the p.o.e .... to even consider it . crockett I need thirty . calculate in , also , the cash you do not have to front ... isabella available cash be not a issue for we ... crockett twenty-eight-point-five . isabella what if I push to twenty - one ...? crockett I would say you be ... ( hesitates ; hold up four finger ) ... four percentage point away from a deal ... isabella maybe I be only one . and she slide into he arm . and smile ... crockett we will do it at twenty - two ... isabella laugh . she kiss he under the shower water . and it 's tough to know who be push it further out onto the edge . crockett ( cont would ) ... and now what ? isabella and now I make you breakfast again ... her breathe be heavier as she bury she head in he neck . CUT to : int . boat on stormy seas - day crockett be alone . Black sky mottle with grey . crockett rain and wind rip across he face . he leave isabella in Havana . satellite phone ring . crockett pick it up . it 's tubb ... tubb ( v.o. ) where the hell be you , man ? crockett ( into phone ) on my way back ... crockett disconnect . he push it . it launch from one swell , airborne , and knife into the next . it 's violent . crockett 's thought and expression be about isabella . they be criminal conspirator , a woman cheating on she narcotrafficker " husband , " a outlaw smuggler who 's really a undercover cop ... over crockett : government channel - " born to win " rocket in and then throttles back . CUT to : ext . indian river safe house - tubb - day sit on the u-shape jetty as we hear crockett kill the engine , tie it off . gina stand halfway up the small lawn to the early 60' ranch house under tropical palm . tubb ' mood be dark . as crockett approach , he look blankly at tubb , offer no explanation ... tubb ( mutter ) the meet with castillo and the feed get set up . it 's in 45 minute ... tubb go inside . crockett follow . as he pass gina ... gina what 's up , sonny ...? crockett look at she . he have no answer . int . house - crockett enter . while tubb be strapping up ... tubb where would you go ? crockett hit a couple of jazz club . fell back to she place . tubb where ? crockett verdado . tubb verdado where ? crockett it 's in the suburb outside Havana . tubb Havana , Cuba ...? crockett no. Havana , Louisiana . ( beat ) do not we have a meet ? tubb ... where you be makin ' a move on the wife of archangel de Jesus montoya ? crockett no . tubb you be not makin ' a move on she ...? crockett we be makin ' move on each other . tubb oh , that make it okay , then . CUT to : int . engine room of a tramp freighter seize by US custom and tied - up on the indian river - FBI rac jame fujima - day we have enter a secret meeting mid-argument . fujima who say , " go explore " ? we want this stay on track . crockett ( to fujima ) who 's the " we " ? there 's you and there 's we . and all we get from you be bad intel . " low - level producer . " yeah , right ... fujima what be you talk about ? crockett montoya . we go to meet the village priest . it turn into Alice in the fuck vatican and here 's the Pope ...of the North valle colombia dope trade . tubb his operation be kingpin size and first -class . his security be ex - Eastern bloc , ex -sas and Israelis . they comm be satellite uplink with mainframe encryption , significant sig int and in they zone of activity , they have signal - jam capability ... fujima be surprised ... crockett yeah . CIA - level stuff ... tubb and what do that level of spend on first - class , private - sector infrastructure signify to you ? crockett mega-tonnage and mega-cash flow ... fujima out of ...? crockett Haiti and Puerto Rico . money through Dubai and geneva maybe . tubb they load be poly -drug . " E " from Holland , methamphetamine precursor from Jordan , afghan " h . " mid-ocean transshipment . his real business be : he 's a network . crockett and we can illuminate part of it from the inside out . tubb so we want to change - up the mission statement . fujima ( no ) identify and indict the white supremacist group of importer . end of story . everything else I be hearing be speculation masquerade as intel ... crockett flip he a set of key . fujima ( cont would ) what 's this ? crockett key to the boat . go do this motherfucker yourself . fujima look at castillo ... who be this insubordinate prick ? fujima who be you talk to ? tubb he 's talk to you , bro. ( beat ) what he mean to say be he be reluctant to abandon the penetration of a major narcotraffick organization ... crockett ( be : fujima ) hey , fuck he . tubb chill out sonny . crockett we be the one do the death - defy shit ? and he want we to give that up ? for what ? a chump - change bust so he can get he picture in the Miami Herald to impress the slug farm in DC ... fujima ( to castillo ) Control you man . crockett I be my own man . and anytime you want to see how much man I be ? castillo ( low ) that 's . it . everybody shut up . castillo ( cont would ) ( to tubb ) where be you on this ? we know tubb have doubt about crockett 's motive and method , nevertheless ... tubb with sonny . 110 % . castillo then that 's it . ( to fujima ) Change the mission statement . crockett stay in . he keep work up the ladder . the local importer get a pass for the time be . fujima I do not know . castillo yes you do ... fujima I get to talk to my ado ... castillo no , you do not , jim. ( beat ) ' Cause if I close this down , you get nothing to make a phone call about . and my guy do not have a week for a feeb bureaucratic process . every hour longer they be in there , they risk exposure . so , right here , right now , they be back in or I pull they out and close you down . what 's it go to be ? fujima nod acquiescence . fujima okay . he leave . when he 's out of earshot ... castillo ( to crockett ) you fuckin ' better be right ...! CUT to : ext . freighter on the indian river - crockett + tubb - night step across to a second ship among the dozen tie - up along the river . its crimson paint be peel and it 's be stripped of everything salvageable . they be alone . tubb ( low ) what be go on ...?! crockett as in ...? tubb there be " undercover . " and there be " which way be up ? " crockett you think I be in so deep I forget ? tubb I be ask . you to I . crockett do you believe ... I have forget I be a cop ? tubb I would never doubt you . this be the answer crockett need to hear . tubb ( cont would ) and do you doubt I will slot anyone complicit in the death of Maria , alonzo and that child ? anyone ... whoever they be ... crockett no , I do not . and we know that might mean isabella . ext . montoya compound , guajira peninsula , colombia - isabella - night we be on a peninsula with palm tree . a bluff dot with a small forest of satellite dish . a ribbon of white - sand and beyond that be silver light off the water . it be rural and futuristic at the same time . isabella ( o.s. ) ...90 - and 120 - day future with short canadian and US dollar ... CUT to : int . master bedroom suite - archangel do jesus montoya - londono in pajama top and boxer short , smoking a cigar . in a sweatsuit be isabella , deliver a financial report . it 's from memory . nothing be write down , in the tradition of the elite section of swiss private banking in which clerk commit portfolio to memory . there be no document . isabella ... and we be look at nigerian crude ... montoya precursor shipment from ras tanura and ju'aymah ? isabella transshipped to a malaysian container ship . montoya not french registry ? isabella they have be target . and pakistani registry be too vulnerable to search and seizure right now . montoya josé do not like the deal in South Florida ... montoya 's refer to crockett . alarm bell go off . isabella ( cut in ) burnett ? ( shrug ) they want 22 % of the value on load they run into South Florida . it 's the juarez cartel model . they guarantee the load . the upside be we risk go to zero . that frees - up capital . montoya but what do you intuition tell you ...? be he suspicious ? do he suspect isabella and crockett be lover ? isabella my " intuition " ...? my intuition make he breakfast the other morning in Havana . her lieson with crockett be the last thing we expect to hear from isabella . montoya and ...? isabella they be serious . they be cautious . they will forgo a deal over a technicality of how a delivery 's handle ... they would walk away , rather than compromise operational security ... that 's good . montoya 's thoughtful . isabella ( cont would ) but they have to be watch closely ... montoya why ? isabella a good deal , like this with we , for burnett will be good only temporarily . he will get restless because he believe nothing be forever . life be dust , make it while you can . he 's ambitious . montoya appreciate she thoughtfulness . isabella ( cont would ) so I predict a few good run . then there will be a renegotiation . montoya that 's my girl ... montoya use isabella and she sexual allure to gather insight into the people he do business with . that 's part of they deal . montoya ( cont would ) on the next load , josé want to front they silver . but they they in lead ... ( beat ) he think they be wrong . what do you think ? isabella ( revealing nothing ) I think josé suspect anybody he do not intimidate . and people , who be good at what they do ? they have ego , too ... montoya ( careful ) what would you do ...? isabella ( equally careful ) I like the diminish risk . it frees up capital reserve . I like work with self - interested businessman who be competent . you can predict they behavior .... montoya look at she very carefully . she stare right back at he . isabella ( cont would ) on the other hand ... if what you wish , mis corazon , be la plumba ... the lead ? then let 's do that . accept they deal . after the load be receive ... we will close they eye forever ... she look at montoya squarely . it hang in the air . in he strange process of decision - make , montoya reach a conclusion ... montoya let 's try a few run with this partner , I think . I will tell josé ... if isabella be pleased , she do not show it . montoya continue to stare at she unwaver expression , freeze in stone . he smile , then , and start to take off she clothes . he reach for she hand and bring she to he . she kiss he and he put aside he cigar , pull she face into he neck , and she run she hand down he ... CUT to : ext . barranquilla , colombia airport - a g3 - night land . the door open . isabella emerge . closer ... she search , look for someone as she descend the ramp . then ... crockett emerge from behind a suv . he come to meet she plane . isabella be expression change , but she mask it . businesslike , she walk across the tarmac . there be two suburban . one for she ; one full of security . crockett and she meet . no show of affection . her Secretary , carry she briefcase , accompany she towards the second suburban . int . second suburban - door - night open . crockett and isabella climb in . the rear be customize cream leather , luxurious with three telephone and a divider . as isabella climb in , follow by crockett , she take the briefcase from the Secretary and indicate he ride in the front vehicle . Doors close . window go up . Air conditioning come on . she raise the divider , block the driver and lock the door . they be seal in the back . alone . and she assault crockett with a passion that 's desperate ... as if make love to he put she world back in balance . they clothes come off , crockett pause ... crockett hola , chica . isabella hola , viejo . he touch the side of she face . isabella ( cont 'd ) do not stop , bad man ... as they continue , we ... CUT to : int . barranquilla nightclub - tubb + gina - night at the bar . it 's jamme . " cochi loco " yero and he permanent bodyguard , El tiburon , pass , smile . tubb introduce yero to gina , as he wife . yero shake gina 's hand . he indicate to the bartender that tubb and gina be to pay for nothing ... and he move towards a office . cobalt blue light illuminate he face , and he fierce yellow eye be not fill with hospitality . CUT to : ext . fal do iguazu airport ( three border area ) - montoya - night deplane he G - 4 cross to he armored suburban . int . suburban - montoya climb into the back . it 's also a travel communication center , satellite uplink , encryption , the work ... montoya ( to a Assistant ) do you have he ? Assistant nod . montoya take the heavy handset ... montoya ( cont would ) josé , about the Americans ... intercut with : int . barranquilla club , office - josé yero josé yero ( in Spanish ) they be " wrong . " I do not trust they . montoya ( v.o. ) ( in Spanish ) why ? josé yero ( in Spanish ) too good at what they do , I do not know . something I do not like . they be wrong ... montoya think . montoya ( v.o. ) ( in Spanish ) isabella like they . we make they deal . montoya hang up . josé yero look at the phone . CUT to : int . club - crockett + isabella - night enter . they join tubb and gina . gina see crockett 's carriage with this woman . it 's different . intuitively , she exchange a look with tubb . crockett make introduction . then , they move away to dance to a fast samba in perfect synchronicity . and , they be also see by ... josé yero he watch they , too . his yellow eye be light by strobe . his eye lock onto isabella ... dance with crockett , they body close ... and in the way he look at they , hurt , like a betrayed lover , which he be not and never could have be ... we know now , the core of he antagonism . CUT to : int . honduran freighter , dine area - tubb - day it 's a 30 year old , well - maintain carribean freighter with a steel table and u-shape bench . in the dark interior , narrow spot reveal the group hover over a ruggedize workpad with navigational software . josé yero transshipment point be here at 17:00 hour on the 23rd . tubb uh-uh . no predetermine place and time to meet . give I they head and radio code and I will talk to they directly with the long and lat and time which will be a last minute deal ... josé yero you give yours to I . we position all the asset haul we load ... crockett now how we do it , blood . it risk signal interception and other bad thing like people who do not need to know where we be at know . tubb hand josé yero 's assistant , El tiburon , a pager . tubb at ten to three on the 27th , I will satellite page he with a website and encryption code . he will have ten minute to log on and receive he new head . ten minute and thirty second , website disappear and he can drive he fuck boat up to Iceland ... josé yero do not like it . josé yero malaysian registry . small containership . ( to El tiburon ) give they they code and head . everything yero tell they feel to he like exposure . crockett package ? josé yero fifty -gallon drum . thirty -two . a hundred kilo in each . you transship that to the malaysian boat . tubb importation value ? at twenty - two thousand a ki ... josé yero you work that out with La senora . ( beat ) you will get sixteen fuel bladder of crystal meth precursor from the malaysian ship . for collection in North Miami . you warehouse it . release it when we say . ( beat ) I be sure you have friend with fast boat ... crockett if you see a few new face , do not get jumpy ... tubb and josé , my ace , lot of transshipment . lot of action . Skies be crowded . and the jit have asset on land , air , and sea . ( beat ) so any intel you get that can come we way and contribute to the good and welfare ...? josé yero 's on the spot . josé yero sure . check you e-mail . yero get up and leave the confine dining room . he exit onto the walkway outside the bridge . his path take he past ... ext . honduran freighter - trudy with switek and Zito . trudy 's in a tank top . josé look at trudy appreciatively ... trudy return the look with a stare that say , " do not fuck with I " . josé raise he eyebrow and after note the two handgun holster in the waistband of she hiphugger ... CUT to : int . long cargo shed - josé yero + EL tiburon walk . cochi loco 's security lead and tail behind as ... josé yero ( to El tiburon ) you know what escobar use to do ? EL tiburon what ? josé yero ( go on ) in the ' 80' , air route come into favor . it require many pilot . the best be american . former crop-duster . they do not fly by the book . tell one : " put that 747 down on this fifteen- hundred - foot runway . " somehow , he would do it . great pilot . but Pablo have a rule . after they fly six load ... this good pilot who facilitate so much good business ... he would come back to medellín or barranquilla to pick up the next load ? ( beat ) and no one would ever see he again . he would disappear . ( imitate Pablo ) " you a good pilot ? make a lot of money for Pablo ? thank you very much . " and then Pablo would kill he ass . after six load . ( pause ) and who be Pablo escobar ? a provincial who get bust - out by the white collar from cali . when the gringos get he , he be nobody . we be three time better than Pablo escobar . ( beat ) the mean we kill this sonsabitch three time sooner . ( beat ) and do you know why Pablo escobar do that ? EL tiburon why ? josé yero he do not like pilot . ext . barranquilla harbor , cargo shed - josé yero + EL tiburon enter from the cargo shed onto a roadway just as ... yero Pov : gina pass by , drive by switek . they be en route to pick up tubb . josé yero ( cont 'd ) and put eye on she . put eye on she twenty - four hour a day ... CUT to : ext . barranquilla beach - crockett + isabella , tubb + gina - night isabella hand out banana leave wrap and tie around cook rice and barbecue pork . gina and tubb walk away down the beach towards phosphorescent wave . isabella I forget the napkin . crockett and the chopstick and fortune cookie ? isabella what 's the best fortune you ever get ? crockett they be all the same . " Financial security be around the corner . " " you friend love you . " isabella in Kowloon , once , I get one that say , " live now because life be dust . " crockett and isabella wander down the beach , hard from the ebb tide . crockett do you have asset somewhere else ? Bank account ? isabella why ? crockett ...to fall back on . you know , a fail - safe . insurance . isabella do I need it ? crockett ( shrug ) everybody need it . ask Prudential . or allstate . isabella ( laugh ) ' Cause whatever can go wrong , will ...? the perseid make the night sky over the water look like the fourth of July . crockett something like that . the odd catch up with you . the odd be like gravity . you can not negotiate with they . ( then ) so ...at some point , you should cash out , take you money and run ... isabella ( smile ) really ? crockett sure . as far away and as fast as you can . isabella when ? crockett whenever . maybe later , maybe sooner . what be sonny crockett try to say to she ? isabella would you find I ...? crockett of course . isabella where would I go ? crockett Zanzibar . the comoros Islands . somewhere in the indian Ocean . there 's twelve-hundred island there ... isabella ( smile ) be this the protective male talk ? crockett ( deadly serious ) this be the talk of a man ... if he be you husband ... he would never put you at risk . he would never put you within a thousand mile of anything that could hurt you . isabella and if I be in the comoros , in the indian Ocean , where would you be ...? crockett a few more moment , still in this business . then I would find you . isabella would you ? because if you could not , I would be very lonely ... I would have leave the only world I know and have know since I be seventeen . ( smile , touch crockett ) but none of this will happen . so it do not matter . because we be on the guajira Peninsula . and all you see around you ... look around ... be archangel de Jesus montoya - londono . he be my man . and you be a smuggler move a load ... her eye say that she listen to he warning and will disregard they . life be dust . meaning be in the moment , and that 's right now . the intensity be because it 's impossible . because it 's impossible , they have be free to imagine . and that 's make the heat of it stronger ... crockett ... in the morning . isabella I will be on board by noon . crockett do not expect that . isabella ( cont would ) what do you think ? this deal with you be my deal . I be responsible . she vouch for he . she have to stand behind it . he put he arm around she waist . CUT to : int . honduran freighter , bridge - trudy + crockett - dawn the freighter be anchore a half mile offshore . magenta break the horizon . trudy look at crockett , look away ... crockett go ahead . trudy too fast . too many move part . crockett switek ? Zito join they . switek same . but it 's you call , boss . tubb join they . crockett what 's you take ? tubb what 's the point ? it 's go down . crockett call the US Coast Guard : " come and arrest we ass . " ( beat ) and switek resume romance miss Ukraine ... crockett look at trudy . there 's a connection between crockett and trudy . it 's filial . crockett have a special regard for she judgment . trudy if we be for real , and know we shit , we would fade this one ... crockett then you should . trudy ( no ) if you be down , we be down for the play . CUT to : ext . safe house on the indian river - gina - night drive up . Parks . she approach along the sidewalk , down the walkway under the banana tree and bird of paradise . motion sensor trigger exterior light . gina cock she ear , wait to hear ... then , offscreen , Tommy the dog bark . reassured , she leave hand on she .380 , she reach for she key , open the door ... int . safe house - ghetto blaster a finger push the stop button . the dog stop bark . overhead : entry way - gina enter . from behind her - we move closer as ... a leather sap arc through the air and descend onto she leave shoulder , paralyze she arm . other arm grab she , push she head down . the same sap backhand with massive force across the back of she neck ... CUT to : int . double - wide trailer - ecu : gina - night slowly come to consciousness . she look around , disorient . her eye roll back in she head and she slip into dreamland for a moment . she rouse and open she eye again , blink , disorient ... wide past gina to which she sees : a emaciated woman in a plaid housedress stare at she from the back corner of the double - wide trailer . with she be a overweight autistic Boy of about 11 . he play in the corner and watch a small tv with a coat hanger for a antenna . the Old woman pay gina no attention on she face be zero affect . there be other sound in the room . wider : gina and we see she be tie to a chair that be bolt to the floor . her clothes be dishevel and rip . she try to focus . then somebody 's thick arm be fitting something around she neck . a blindfold go over she eye . around she neck be a C - 4 " necklace " like the one we see on Stevens ' wife in the beginning of the film . the arm and back belong to the deep - chest Aryan brother we see from the Stevens ' house and coleman 's double - wide . move in on gina . he reach below the frame and do something . gina writhes away from he in the chair . he laugh . he back away from she to camera ... and hold something in he hand . a camera he take a digital picture . CUT to : ext . homestead florida tract house - front yard - day a tall wall of plant hide the $ 150,000 house from the road . neighbor be double - wide trailer . the house have some sophisticated radio antennas as well as a twelve - foot satellite dish . on the driveway be two escalade and a bentley . out the back , off the dock be a two -million dollar sport / fishing boat . someone 's enter number on a cell phone . int . homestead florida tract house - coleman wait . the guy work the cell phone be the buzz-cut Aryan brother we see in the Stevens kitchen in the open . coleman 's shirt open in the barcalounger watch espn . his watch be load with ice , and a four-carat diamond in he ear . he be all white bling . coleman 's tattooe up . not with " cool " celtic symbol ... he tat be neo - Nazi , white supremacist , hard - core prison stuff . cell phone in the hand of the deep - chest Aryan brother . Three girl in cutoff and halter be make sandwich and laugh in the b.g.. then : aryan brother El tiburon . coleman take the satellite phone , attach to a laptop . he enter a number . a frequency - response graphic display in the computer . his conversation with El tiburon be encrypt so the voice be distort ... coleman so ...? EL tiburon ( in Spanish ) meth precursor and the dutch party favor be en route . coleman ( perfect Spanish ) all I want to know be the where and the when . spare I mini move , progress report and bullshit . EL tiburon ( in Spanish ) okay . you get the " item " ? coleman I get the item . EL tiburon ( in Spanish ) and we friend do not like the rest of the people bringin' the merch to you . coleman ( in Spanish ) how many ? EL tiburon ( in Spanish ) two main player plus three . coleman ( in Spanish ) my end ? EL tiburon ( in Spanish ) 25 % discount on the load . coleman ( in Spanish ) make it 40 % . EL tiburon ( in Spanish ) make it 35 . coleman deal . coleman hang up . int . honduran freighter - funky bridge in calm seas they be tie up to a malaysian small container ship . on it , yemenese with AK - 47 maintain a watchful eye . from crockett 's Pov as ... other angle : switek , trudy , zito with a assortment of car - 15s , galil and two rpgs mount a similar guard . ext . malaysian container ship - fuel bladder swing by the honduran freighter 's crane cross 10 ' of open water onto freighter 's deck to join 18 other already there . it 's the last of the transfer . ext . malaysian container ship - captain captain ( loud hailer ) I -a salama . ila l-liqa . ext . honduran freighter - tubb tubb yeah . whatever ... ( wave ) ext . ocean - the two freighters separate . int . honduran freighter , bridge - crockett watch crew stow the cargo . then , he satellite phone blink red light . crockett boot up the computer to encryption . pick up the phone . crockett yeah ? josé yero ( o.s. ) ( phone filter ) hey , Captain kirk . I think maybe I have second thought . tubb enter . crockett ( into phone ) you get something to say , josé , let 's hear it . josé yero I confess I have succumb to my weakness . a inability to see another 's point of view . ( beat ) I have discuss it with professional . even with one of you friend . she 's here now ... crockett put he on speaker . josé yero ( cont would ) ( beat ) so I want you to deliver my product , how I want my product deliver . isabella walk in . crockett gesture for she to be quiet . crockett what friend ? josé yero Mrs. Rico . but do not worry . she be safe . to insure that , I be keep she close to I . it 's always good to keep people you friend care about close to you . tubb reach for the phone . trudy intercept he . crockett turn it away and go off the speaker ... josé yero ( cont would ) so , I will tell you when you be 10 minute out where to drop the load into the hand of my people . you have 35 minute to enter government Channel . head up the River ... we will watch you . then I will call you . ( beat ) and you can reach out for La senora in barranquilla or wherever ' cause I do not give a shit ... josé yero do not know isabella 's on board . crockett proof of life . how do I know Mrs. Rico 's alive ? josé yero ' Cause she will tell you . he hang up . isabella that sonofabitch ! tubb ( turn on isabella ) you set this up ! isabella ( sarcastic ) of course ! that be why I place myself here , with you , know yero would pull this crap . crockett yero do not know she 's here ! crockett look at isabella , who 's distract in calculate what 's really happen . switek ( enter ) cigarette and the two starkey be come in . ( sense ) what ...? trudy they grab gina ... isabella punch number into a satellite phone . no result . isabella it 's all bullshit . Jesus be out of communication in fal de Iguazu . josé know that ... whatever he 's go to do , he have to do it fast because he 's act on he own . and he will need a story . tubb meaning ...? isabella they will kill you . and then they will kill you wife , too . crockett yero , by himself ? isabella maybe . maybe with the crazy white . Zito enter , make the situation ... zito we be half load ... trudy gina . like alonzo 's wife ... cochi loco 's get she . crockett dump the rest . let 's get the boat up that river . crockett pick up the phone and dial . his eye contact with tubb have tubb take isabella out of the Captain 's Bridge . she pull she arm away . as they head down from the bridge ... we see ... ext . honduran freighter - dope-on-a-rope line run from the freighter to two go - fast boat . the fuel bladder with crampon slide down the rope into the smaller " cigarette " boat ... " dope-on-a-rope . " wider : one starkey load , take off into the night , no light . a second one pull away as the third boat 's be load ; switek and Zito climb into a cigarette . meanwhile ... int . honduran freighter , bridge - crockett on the satellite phone . he wait . castillo ( o.s. ) ( filter ) yeah ? crockett josé yero change - up the drop plan on we . he 's grab gina . castillo where 's the new drop point ...? crockett they will have surveillance on we . we will know only at the last moment ... castillo what do you think ? crockett it 's a rip and a hit . castillo ( to someone else ) get I Air support ... ( to crockett ) we will be airborne and assault the ambush ... crockett you can not . tubb they will kill gina . castillo they may have already , so we protect the live . proof she 's alive ? crockett supposedly it 's come . int . scarab - switek , zito + trudy rip from one swell to another , airborne , in between they load . trudy 's on the comm . switek drive with night-vision gear . int . stryker - crockett , tubb + isabella crockett drive . tubb be on the throttles . isabella 's between they . then , tubb be send a page . read the number . pick up the satellite phone . crockett take control of the throttles , too . tubb ( into phone ) hello ...? and tubb hear ... " and weather on the southeast throughout today and look into the weekend be break cloud , humidity 78 % , small chance of rain . and come up in four minute at 5:45 be Lou dobb with Friday 's market preview ... " lou dobb ( o.s. ) welcome , folk . today 's Friday , the three - hundredth - and -fourteenth day of the year ... tubb they be prove it 's right now . and that she 's alive right now ... gina ( o.s. ) ... nice friend you get . trailer trash with a bad smell ... int . double - wide trailer - gina - night the phone be rip away from she . it 's disconnect . CUT to : int . stryker - tubb he put it together ... tubb smell . bad smell . trailer ... ( he get it ) she 's allergic to diethylene ... she in a meth lab ? crockett take the phone , dial castillo . crockett just come in . she 's still alive . castillo safe house be empty ... ( beat ) Air support 's set to jump when we know you drop point . gina ? tubb ( take phone ) she 's send a message . meth lab. trailer park . anything with interesting antenna array ...? castillo there 's three between Miami International and the glade . I be gonna try for she , but this be triage . protect the maximum number of life . you need to know that ... crockett know the Sophie 's choice castillo may have to make . and it may cost gina . crockett glance at tubb . crockett push the throttles forward ... ext . government channel - two boat : the scarab + the stryker jam over the swell into government Channel , not slowing this time , even though the limit be 15 knot . barely miss sport fishing boat , slower recreational craft . CUT to : ext . aerial - past helicopter CO - pilot over he flir monitor scan trailer park . nothing . then he note a double - wide with two satellite dish . castillo ( v.o. ) ( to tubb ) Three possible ... CUT to : int . stryker - tubb on with castillo . castillo ( v.o. ) ... eliminate one . swat 's on the next two ... tubb trudy and I be goin ' for gina ... int . scarab - switek slam the scarab sideways , spew a huge wake , drive it through a circle to slough off speed as he pull into a dock . crockett 's stryker do the same . tubb transfer into this boat with trudy and Zito . switek get into the stryker with crockett and isabella . as they speed up government Channel . CUT to : int . stryker - crockett isabella if they attack you ... crockett ( finish ) ... it 's gonna be a l-shape ambush . they be not gonna open up until they get the party favor , ' cause all they would get be a lot of police scramble to a gunfight . they will wait till they get the goods before they do the deed . CUT to : scene in which : ( a ) trudy + tubb discover + assault the perimeter security of the trailer in which gina be hostage . ( B ) crockett , switek , zito + isabella and the third boat make the delivery . during it isabella , furious that this traitorous sonofabitch , cochi loco , be making he own move , rage into the middle ground , calling down josé yero . blocked by a aryan brother , she push , he slap her , she shoot he in the leg . all side draw down impending chaos . crockett + coleman cool it . coleman want he load . the lure of easy money have a very strong appeal . and isabella be still completely unaware crockett + tubb be anything other than player . ( C ) tubb + trudy insert a fiber -optic surveillance tap . ext . trailer park , double - wide trailer - trudy - night castillo ( o.s. ) ( radio filter ) do you have she ?! trudy doesn 't answer . she 's totally focus on a clamshell video screen connect to a fiber optic ... follow the fiber optic ... as a swat technician feed it into ... CUT to : int . meth lab , double - wide trailer - cu : the floor - night where it meet the wall , a tiny hole have be drill and we see the 4 mm diameter lens connect to the flexible fiber optic poke through . the camera 's on the floor where it meet the wall . ext . trailer park , double - wide trailer - over trudy and trudy and we see in fish - eye a long-haire Nazi low - Rider and the bulk - out brother with the hefty garbage - bag apron . deeper in the trailer , she clothes tear , blindfolded , be gina with the C - 4 necklace . Beyond she , the woman in the house dress and she large , retarded son . trudy ( into radio , to castillo ) have eye on she . she 's alive . move in ... int . meth lab , double - wide trailer - long -haired nlr guy react to knock on the door . tubb ( o.s. ) asian Star ... aryan brother you order chinese ? long -haired nlr guy ( laugh ) no , but I be starve ... laugh , reach for the door ... aryan brother do not ... too late . door 's open . ext . double - wide trailer - tubb , hold the bag of chinese for the long-haire nlr . he reach and ... tubb rip Long -hair through the door , down the stair , where two swat slam he into the ground . he struggle . a baton slam twice across the back of he neck . he 's out . handcuffed , and tubb and trudy be in the interior ... int . meth lab , double - wide trailer tubb hold it !! bulk - out Aryan have a handgun in one hand , detonator in the other . eye wide . standoff . the Old woman in house dress be scream ... her retarded Son see tubb / gina as a threat to he mother ... grab butcher knife ... rush forward during ... trudy put down the detonator ! frozen . Aryan do not move . the farq - like necklace of C - 4 around gina 's neck . gina struggle against plastic tie , to hear , to see , as ... obese son shout , surge past bulky Aryan , head for tubb ... tubb prepare for the autistic son , not see behind he ... aryan brother # 3 rise from a bare mattress with a aluminum baseball bat , come up behind tubb . wide - tubb slip the autistic Son , rotate he right arm around the kid 's right arm , get slashed on the back of he forearm , but grab the Son 's wrist as the momentum propel he past tubb , who torque the wrist back . scream , Son 's ruin wrist , tubb take the knife , and as the Aryan brother swing the bat ... low angle : tubb duck the bat . it dent the faux - wood panele . tubb slam the knife twice into the man 's slide , double he up , leave the ab brother to crawl , bleed , with a 10 - inch butcher knife through he kidney into he right lung ... and tubb ' gun in he leave hand have never move off - target of the Aryan brother with the detonator in he hand the whole time until right now : he snap a round into the wounded Aryan brother 's head . and , that fast , tubb ' gun be back on target . and the fierce eye of bulked - out brother a nihilistic smile dawns there . aryan brother shoot I , she die . hey , fuck it , man . we can all go . trudy ( cool ) that 's not what will happen . ( that stop he ) what will happen be ... ( as she 's aim she car - 15 and slowly take up the slack on the trigger ... ) ... what will happen be , I will put a round precisely through the medula at the base of you brain , at a entry - point mid-distance between you upper lip and the bottom of you nose , and you will be dead from the neck down . you finger will not be able to twitch . do you believe that ? aryan brother fuck ... blam . that 's all he get out . trudy do exactly that . Aryan brother fall like a fell tree . tubb retrieve the detonator . trudy unty gina . carefully , tubb pull the sensitive remote detonator from he hand . tubb put he coat over gina . as she half leave , turn to the fall ab ... gina motherfucker ! she kick he in the head . tubb grab she to pull she off . tubb he 's dead ! trudy ( on radio , to castillo ) ...got gina . she 's okay . CUT to : ext . indian river - castillo - night hear . castillo ( into loud hailer ) go! ext . rusted freighter - ab sniper # 2 with a .50 caliber Burrows be hit about 15 time from mpd swat fire from across the bridge on a down angle towards he . mpd helicopter suddenly light up the sky . CUT to : int . suburban - yero observe from a block south on the bridge see the police assault , raise night-vision binocular . yero' Pov : he sees crockett + isabella behind structure on the jetty . crockett fire with the mpd swat . int . suburban - yero push " send " on he satellite phone ... CUT to : int . guajira peninsula compound , communications CENTER - encryption the technician be eat in the next room . we hear the recording ... yero ( in Spanish ) isabella . the gringos be police . she 's they informant ...! CUT to : int . suburban - yero yero go! ext . STREET + bridge - yero' suburban pull out , racing to get away from the firefight . but bright light freeze it ... heavy round slam into the engine , crack the block , stream spray , it seize up . suburban crash into a car at the curb . yero bail out . ext . sky - helicopter - tubb half out of he seat , a galil in full auto on he shoulder , hover above yero and the suburban . PA ( loud hailer ) freeze ! you be under arrest . down on you knee . put you hand on you head ... close : yero do none of that . enrage , he pull up a 'mm h+k smg to fire up at the helicopter on tubb aim down at cam . the assault rifle unload in three - shot burst . over tubb down to yero in the bright light the pavement , the car and yero be crater by the 7.62 mm round . yero go down . Dead . ext . STREET - wide : helicopter land . tubb bail , grab he duffle bag and the rifle and turn down the street towards the firefight and crockett ... CUT to : ext . jetty - crockett hold isabella down , fire past a Toyota . it 's turn into a sieve . he tell isabella to stay behind the engine block . then he assault the ambush . switek be shot in the calf , spin , go down , get up , limp to cover , keep fire . ext . scrap freighter - coleman ... take and return FIRE from crockett and Zito and from he leave flank from the swat team on the bridge ... know every moment more he 's here , more mpd asset be come in . he want to finish it faster . low + wide : coleman bail off the freighter onto the dock . dark -haired aryan brother with a full auto AK be with he . they move from cover to cover , they heavy kevlar body armor absorb round . and they attack crockett and Zito , who be outgun . crockett + zito run for cover , fire three - shot burst , run and cover . but ... isabella run from cover into the clear with she handgun fire at the crazy white , furious at the betrayal by yero . she 's shouting in Spanish . it 's insane . crockett see isabella , move . coleman see isabella , swing he assault rifle onto she as ... crockett isabella !! crockett run and see coleman because he 's turn he 's expose he leg and crockett slow and blow coleman 's leg out from under he . coleman 's on the ground , scramble for he rifle to kill isabella . Dark -haire nlr be pull the trigger on crockett when boom ... tubb fire the m40 grenade launcher load with shot . Dark - haire nlr be nearly cut in half . crockett + zito FIRE at the prone coleman . coleman 's dead . wider : the freighters - the firefight continue as other nlr battle Miami swat . meanwhile ... crockett go to isabella , pull she into the shadow away from dockside , keep she low , seemingly away from the police . ok , how will they get out of here ? over crockett + isabella : tubb approach from the leave . tubb and crockett 's eye connect . closer : tubb see he partner with this woman . the freeze moment . isabella do not understand the change expression on tubb ' face . we do . crockett eye to eye with he partner 50 yard away . all meaning be transmit . and tubb nod ... and the nod mean : " get she out of here ... " as tubb speak into he radio , he right arm belt where it be slashed , head towards the diminish firefight , now under mpd control , as ... crockett race isabella away through the weed and scrap , away from the firefight , away from the freighter , away from the police . Beyond they , we hear the gunfight diminish . CUT to : ext . STREET - crockett + isabella enter from the rubble - fill industrial lot . Cars have stop , they occupant seek cover behind they . crockett hesitates not at all . he grab a late ' 80 's mercede leave with its door open . its owner , a middle - age man at the curb , start to object . crockett raise he gun . owner demur . crockett steal away in it down the street into the night , its light off . CUT to : int . mercede - crockett + isabella breathe . she 's hyperventilate . he steady she . then , crockett see something and she do , too . crockett' Pov : a roadblock appear around the corner . rearview mirror : flash light on he tail . nowhere to go . crockett stop . isabella think this be it . she 's dead . swat , shotgun and assault rifle , approach . int . mercede - crockett crockett touch the windshield with you hand . let them see you hand be empty . steady . swat sergeant ( approach ) do not move ! do not move ! keep you hand where I can see they ... they do . then the swat sergeant stop ... swat sergeant ( cont would ) ... sonny ? crockett yeah . hey , Robert . the police relax , turn away . swat sergeant be you okay ?! crockett yeah . go to Miami General . check out gina . everybody 's okay . everybody 's fine ... crockett nod and drive through the roadblock . he drive away into the night . CUT to : int . mercede - crockett do not look at isabella . he shoot up the on-ramp onto I - 95 . his eye at the moment be world - weary and street - wise . it 's all out . all be in the open . finally , he look over he right shoulder at she . isabella stare at he . incredulous . for the first time she realize he 's the police and have be undercover . and now she hit he ... ext . highway - mercede swerve across three lane , up on two wheel , almost roll , cut off a semi , which barely recover , and spin out onto the shoulder , off the shoulder , down into the gravel . it come to a stop and ... int . mercede - isabella try to bring she .380 around . crockett overpower she . take the gun . she slam he in the face with a close fist . he grab she wrist , spin she around , push she at the door , handcuffs she behind she back . ext . highway he floor the mercede . it spin through 270 degree , scatter gravel and dust , and pull back onto the freeway , drive out of the city , away from Miami , out , into the night . CUT to : int . mercede - later she will not look at he . she will not reply . she 's freeze , immobile , withdraw deep , darkly into herself . crockett isabella ...? no reply . isabella wonder where he 's take she , what will happen to she , but she will not ask . CUT to : ext . two - lane blacktop through cypress - night nothing . the cypress be silhouettes against a lighter mauve sky . engine sound . then , the mercede enter and speed down the empty two - lane blacktop . and at the end , the tree open up and there 's the open ocean and , beyond that , the Florida key . we see a house . CUT to : int . house in the cypress - wide : night door open . crockett lead isabella in . he uncuff she . she rip away from he hand hold she arm . she walk to the other end of the large room with the picture window overlook the water and the jetty and a boat tie up there . low furniture . sparse , it be build in the ' 60' . she walk to a restroom , slam the door . offsccreen , a faucet run . suddenly , the door open . she come out , glaring , shouting . isabella what be you go to do with I ? be you take I to jail ? you think I will turn into you informant , be that it ? crockett no . CUT to : int . montoya compound , guajira peninsula - colombian military + dea type - day in stencill body armor storm in through door and window . it be a police action , a assault . reverse : emptiness it 's as if no one have ever live there . a few papers flutter in the breeze from the light wind enter through the open doorway . White papers against white marble against white wall . a profound statement of nobody be home . wherever montoya be , he be not here . CUT to : int . house in the cypress - crockett - late afternoon stare out the window at the narrow jetty . isabella sit , distantly , alone at the end . closer : isabella crockett join she . she 's withdraw into herself . crockett no part of it be not real . isabella I know . ( quietly ) and now ? crockett it still be . I be so in this , I do not know which way be up ... all I know be I will not let anything bad happen to you . ( beat ) just like I say . ( beat ) and I know we can not ever see each other again . and we never will . isabella sit there for a moment . she glance at he , look away . then ... isabella you say time be luck ... meaning , who can tell ? there may be a time for they somewhere else . crockett luck run out . ( beat ) this be too good to last . he touch she hand . and she lean all she weight against he arm . CUT to : int . cypress house , bedroom - crockett - later asleep . the moonlight be silver tinged with green . someone else have be in the bed with he , but he be there alone , now . crockett wake up . he look around . she be there and now she 's go . he get out of the bed and look out to the ocean and the jetty . the boat 's go . she 's go . sonny crockett look out the window . the end