Michael Clayton by tony gilroy final shoot script 2/11/06 int . kenner bach & ledeen / various shot -- night it 's 2:00 a.m. in a major New York law firm . ten floor of office space in the heart of the Sixth Avenue Canyon . Seven hour from now this place will be vibrate with the beehive energy of six hundred attorney and they attendant staff , but for the moment it be a vast , empty , half - light shell . a series of shot emphasize the size and power of this organization ; shot that build quietly to the idea that somewhere here -- somewhere in this building -- there 's something very important go on . music and credit already mixing with the craze , manic , express train chatter of -- arthur edens ( v.0 . ) ...- Michael . dear , Michael . nurse Michael . Dr. Clayton . secret hero. keeper of the Hidden sin . of course it 's you . who else could they send ? who else could be trust ? smoke on the horizon -- hole in the bucket -- voice cry from milwaukee to Manhattan , '' where 's we hero ? '' '' where 's we cleanser of the Hidden sin ? '' and here you be , sleeve roll up , lip seal -- broom -- dustbin -- bankroll at the ready ! fifty , be it still fifty ? when you come to Boston , you remember ? God , you must have have a thousand of they ! the cash -- the smile -- the quiet word in the corner -- of course it 's you , Michael , who else could it ever be ? but Michael , please , before you sweep , please just hear I out -- just try -- because it 's not like Boston -- it 's not a episode -- relapse -- fuck up -- I be begging you , Michael , make believe it 's not just madness , because it 's not just madness -- ( continue , as - -) int . law firm office / duplication CENTER -- night a xerox machine -- cranking out high - speed copy -- ten page a second flash before we eye -- all information a blur except for the letterhead which be constant : kenner , bach & ledeen LLP attorney at law as ... arthur edens ( v.0 . ) -- I mean , yes -- okay , yes -- element of madness -- the speed of madness -- yes , the occasional , euphoric , pseudo - hallucinatory moment that , yes -- fine -- agree -- distracting -- nostalgic -- all of that -- ( continue , as - -) a huge empty office bullpen . cubicle and workstation . arthur edens ( v.0 . ) -- but that 's just the package -- the plate -- think of it as a tax -- the mania tax -- the insanity tax -- or like advertising on tv -- it 's the freight -- the weight -- it 's the price of the show -- a long , dark corridor . a cleaning crew in the distance . arthur edens ( v.0 . ) -- just please , just hear I out , Michael , because I swear to you , this be so much , so very much more , than the raving of some hypo-maniacal , bipolar attorney -- document area . odd this late . three associate stacking paperwork onto a trolley -- arthur edens ( v.0 . ) -- two week ago I come out of the building -- I be run across Sixth Avenue -- there 's a car wait -- I have exactly thirty - eight minute to get to laguardia , and I be dictating -- there 's this frantic associate run to keep up -- a senior partner' office . a security guard sneaking a smoke in the dark by a OPEN window . arthur edens ( v.0 . ) -- we ’‘re in the middle of the street -- the light change -- the traffic -- unleash -- it 's come -- serious traffic -- but there I be -- I be babbling -- my mouth -- I can not stop -- some ridiculous , involuntary part of my brain just keep go -- I be stand there dictating this trade secret , motion to suppress ... a office phone . twelve line blinking in the dark . arthur edens ( v.0 . ) ... and there , Michael , in the middle of Sixth Avenue -- as I stand there jabber -- and this poor young woman be scream -- traffic speed toward we -- I look at my hand and my suit -- my briefcase -- and it come to I -- come over I -- through I -- the overwhelming sensation -- the feel -- the fact -- that I be cover with some sort of film -- a oil -- a ooze -- my hair -- my face -- like a glaze -- a coating -- and at first I think , '' my God , I know what this be , this be some sort of amniotic , embryonic fluid - - I be drench in afterbirth -- I have breach the chrysalis -- I have be reborn . '' -- associate # 1 wheeling that document trolley past a empty back office kitchen . arthur edens ( v.0 . ) -- but the traffic -- this stampede -- car -- truck -- the horn -- the scream associate -- I be think , '' no -- reset -- this can not be rebirth . if anything , this must some giddy illusion of renewal that happen in the final instant before death . '' -- a maintenance worker vacuuming a large reception staircase . arthur edens ( v.0 . ) -- and then -- in the fraction of a moment it take for that idea to form -- I realize all of that be wrong , because I look back at the building and have the most stun moment of clarity ... the word processing department . twenty people -- actor , dancers , artist , insomniacs -- the graveyard shift hammering out overnight legal paperwork . arthur edens ( v.0 . ) ... I realize , Michael , at that moment , that I have emerge -- as I have do nearly every day for the past twenty - eight year of my life -- not through door of kenner , bach & ledeen -- reception lobby . associate # 1 wheeling the trolley off the elevator . arthur edens ( v.0 . ) -- not through the portal of we huge and powerful law firm , but rather from the asshole of a organism whose sole function be to excrete the poison -- the ammo -- the defoliant -- necessary for even larger and more dangerous organism to destroy the miracle of humanity -- another empty hallway . a banquet table litter with the picked - over remnant of a all - night cater feed . arthur edens ( v.0 . ) -- and that I have be coat with this patina of shit for the better part of my life and that the stink and stain might in all likelihood take the rest of my day to undo -- and now -- wider to find -- associate # 1 wheeling the trolley toward big door at the end of the hall -- arthur eden 's ( v.0 . ) -- and do you know what I do next ? I take a deep , cleanse breath . I set that notion aside . I table it . I say to myself , '' as clear as this may be -- as potent as this may feel -- as true a thing as I believe I have witness here -- I must wait . it must stand the test of time . '' a attorney huddle over he mobile phone , seeing the kid coming , helping he by open the door , as -- arthur edens ( v.0 . ) and , Michael , the time be now . int . law firm conference room -~- night the big room . Bright . teeming . forty people jam a all - night deadline : attorney -- partner and associate -- paralegals -- assistant -- accountants -- work group bunker around a huge table cover with paperwork and laptop and coffee mug . several document '' village '' pile around the room . the credit have wrap . Arthur eden have stop talk . and if there 's music , that 's stop too . barry grissom come around the table . he 's maybe fifty . a killer New York lawyer in he prime . litigator . senior partner . always wrap a little tight and this moment be no exception -- slow now and ... barry ( kneel , whisper ) I have get that cunt from the Wall Street Journal on line eight . I tell she you be in bermuda , but I have try to patch you in ... marty bach look up from he papers . he 's seventy . it 's he name on the door . Big power . sweet eye . a thousand neckty . a velvet switchblade . marty ( punch up line eight ) marty bach . how can I help you ? reporter ( phone / over ) '' marty , hi , it 's Bridget klein . look , we be go with a story tomorrow about a settlement in the U / North defoliant case . you want to comment ? '' marty the case you be refer to , be now , as it have be for the past six year , pend and unresolved . until we client have they day in court or the plaintiff come to they sense and drop the suit , I 'il have nothing of value to tell you . barry kneel there , hang on every word -- reporter ( phone / over ) '' come on , marty , Barry 's tell I you be off at some conference . I know for a fact you be in the office right now with like six hundred people try to push this thing through . '' marty here 's what I know : you deadline be twenty minute ago , so either you be fishing for a story or try to get out of write a retraction . in either case , I wish you well ... best of luck ... ( as he hang up --) -.- sweet dream . barry so ? marty ( scan the room ) where the fuck be Karen crowder ? int . law firm lady room -- night a corporate logo -- emboss on a high - quality , kevlar , travel tote : u / north '' we grow you world together '' the U / NORTH bag on a shelf above a row of sink . Water run . but no one there . stall in the mirror and -- int . lady room stall -~- night karen crowder sit fully dress on the john . she be senior in - House counsel for the large agricultural / chemical supply manufacturer on the planet . she be hide here . she be try to fight off a panic attack use a breathe exercise she read about in a airline magazine . as we hear : arthur edens ( v.0 . ) ... even this , Michael -- even now -- that you be here -- there 's a reason , a reason it 's you -- every reason -- surely you can sense that -- how it pull together -- how it gather -- nurse Michael -- secret hero -- keeper of the Hidden sin -- tell I you can see that , Michael , for God 's sake ... int . chinatown card room -- night michael clayton 's face -- a photograph laminate onto a kenner , bach & ledeen id card -- fill our frame . it 's a man 's face . Son of a second - generation cop 's face . Father of a ten-year - old boy 's face . a face woman like more than they know why . the good soldier 's face . the id card just one of several object sit at the bottom of a shitty plastic basket . also here : one roll of breath mint , two mobile phone , business card , too many key on a mercede security pendant keychain , and one heavy - duty steel rolex . pull back to reveal three other basket on the table . Three other set of personal object . a SMALL holstered gun in one of the collection . a stack of empty basket to the side . we're in a chinatown casino . a _ basement hideaway on a dead night . two bore chinese bouncers sit with the plastic basket beside a walk - through metal detector . only one of the room 's ten table be light tonight . in the background , a cantonese announcer call the first race at happy Valley and -- michael clayton glance at he four hole card . four up card in the middle of the table . the game be pot limit omaha and the eye be weary tonight . michael check . the dealer be chinese and all business -- look to -- player # 2 ( dominican dude ) I go like that . check . player # 3 have a bad toupee and a plumber 's flashroll -- player # 3 / plumber ( peel off twenty ) half the pot . two hundred . player # 4 , a chinese landlord -- already push he card away -- he 's fold -- dealer ( back to Michael ) two hundred to you . michael shake he head . he 's out . player # 2 right behind he . the dealer start gather card for the next hand . plumber you do not remember I , huh ? ( to Michael as he rake in the pot --) we play a couple time that lamp place . on bowery . that guy 's showroom . all the lamp and shit ? michael galaxy . plumber that 's it . you have a restaurant you open , right ? on Franklin ? Cause my old partner bid that job , the plumbing . you do not remember I ? michael I remember . plumber I lose a lot of weight since then . michael you buy some hair . plumber yeah , with you money . michael just post he blind . tune he out . plumber so you bar , what happen ? just have to be in show biz , right ? player # 2 shit , man ... ( get cranky ) I want to listen to Larry King , I nil go home and put the fuck tv on . plumber ( just ignore he ) Cause that be a good location . michael yeah , that 's what my partner keep tell I . card come out as we -- angle on the basket with michael 's STUFF . the pager start vibrate . a moment later , the cell phone start ringing and -- int . chinatown freight elevator -- night ascend . michael leave in a hurry . strap on he rolex , try to read the pager and -- ext . doyer ST . -- night late . cold . quiet . michael come up the street , juggling a remote security pendant and a cell phone -- michael ( 0s ) -- be he drunk ? male voice ( phone ) ( nervous , hyper ) '' -- no , that 's the first thing I ask he -- no , he 's sober -- '' michael -- tell he to stay off the phone -- male voice ( phone ) '' -- so , Michael , I mean , you be on it now , right ? because this guy , he 's a huge client -- this be half my book , this guy , okay ? '' michael I be walk to my car . male voice ( phone ) '' let I give you my number in bermuda , I gotta call he right back and let he know you be on the way . '' a black mercede come alive -- light flaring as the alarm disable and -- ext . west side highway -~- night the mercede speed North . int . the mercede -- night ( cont michael try to drive and mess with the gps unit on he dashboard . something 's wrong with it . he 's tapping on it and the screen be flicker on and off -- finally , fuck it -- he slap the gps away -- step on the gas and -- ext . west side highway -- night ( cont ) the mercede racing toward the George Washington bridge . ext . westchester mansion -- night the mercede pull up the long dark driveway . int . mansion garage -- night the damaged front body panel of a mercede . dent in . michael 's hand -- he pen -- examine the freshly - chip paint , until -- 10 michael stand . we see he now . the mercede just one of half - a- dozen luxury vehicle line up here in this bright oversize garage . int . mansion kitchen night mega kitchen . the scale and taste of real wealth . mr . greer ( pace ) what they do , you see , they change the grade there . they widen the street , I be sure someone tell they they be make a improvement ... michael on a stool at the island . mrs . greer stand by herself . nightgown pull tight . her second tumbler of scotch . mr . greer but now , you see , when it rain ? with this new angle , and they put this new this sodium lamp -- it 's blind , that turn there . just blind . michael they ’11l have to take a look at that . mr . greer and this , it 's not just tonight . I have be say this for year . ( to he wife ) how many time have we talk about that corner ? gen ? mrs . greer silent . numb . michael Mr. greer , we do not have a great deal of time to work with here . mr . greer 's anxiety sharpen . arrogance under siege . mr . greer so the circumstance , road condition , none of this hold any interest for you ? michael what interest I right now be find the strongest criminal attorney that can get here in the next fifteen minute . 11 mr. greer ( bristle ) well , that sound ominous ... michael we have some good relationship up here in Westchester . mr . greer so what be you ? you be not a lawyer ? michael not the kind you need . mr . greer what kind be that ? michael you need a trial lawyer . someone to see this all the way through . that 's not what I do . there it be . and mr. greer do not like it one bit . mr . greer I think we be gonna need to pull walter back in on this . ( like it 's some kind of business meeting ) I want to get he back on the phone , get he into the mix . because , I 'il be frank , I be not sure I like the way this be go . michael Sir ... ( cut the crap ) we do not have time for walter . you option here , they be gonna get smaller very quickly . mr . greer what option ? I be not hearing any option . michael I be suggest you go local . I be tell you there 's several people up here I like for this . mr . greer and that 's it ? that 's what you have get ? ( to he wife ) you believe this ? ) E 12 mr. greer ( cont would ) ( incredulous ) I have be a client at kenner , bach for twelve year ! you think I pay that retainer every month for a place at the back of the line ? michael Mr. greer , you leave the scene of a accident on a slow weeknight , six mile from the State Police barrack . believe I , if there 's a line , you be right up front . mr . greer I can get a lawyer any time I want ! you think I need you for that ? you think we be sit here forty - five minute wait for a goddam referral ? michael look , I do not know what walter promise you , but whatever it w- - mr . greer '' Miracle Worker . '' ( cut he cold ) that 's a direct quote . that 's walter twenty minute ago , okay ? '' hang tight , I be send you a miracle worker ! '' michael well , he misspoke . mr . greer about what ? that you be the firm 's fixer ? or that you be any good at it ? mrs . greer elliot ... mr . greer this guy be run in the street ! ( lose it ) you add the light -- the rain -- the angle -- what kind of person 's out run in the street in the rain at midnight ? answer I th -- ( stop instantly , as - - ) glass shatter ! -- mrs . greer just hurl she highball into the sink . stare at she husband . silence , until -- 13 mr . greer what if someone have steal the car ? happens all the time . ( dead air ) hypothetically ... this awful pause . michael wield the silence like a club . michael cop like hit and run case . they work they hard and they clear they fast . right now , there 's a bci unit pick paint chip off a guardrail . tomorrow morning they be gonna be look for the owner of a custom - color , hand -rubbe , green mercede sl 500 . this guy you hit , if he get a look at the plate , it will not even take that long . like that -- the phone ring -- harsh -- sudden -- mrs . greer ...omigod ... michael ( ignore the phone ) there 's no play here . there 's no angle . there 's no champagne room . and I be not a miracle worker , I ’ma janitor . so the math on this be simple : the smaller the mess , the easier it be for I to clean up . the phone still ringing and -- mr . greer ( small now ) it 's the police , be not it ? michael no . they do not call . ( calmly pick up --) hello ? ( beat ) Jerry . hey , it 's Michael ... ( pause ) yeah , sorry . I be in the neighborhood . you get a pen ? michael on hold . silence now . mr. and mrs . greer park like glacier . Broken glass in the sink . 14 ext . westchester mansion driveway -~- night one hour later . michael lean on the mercede , munch on a loaf of stale french bread . look over , as jerry dante , local criminal attorney , come out of the house -- jerry he 's change he shirt ... ( as he arrive ) I talk to my guy at the State Police barrack . better we go over there and surrender and they can tell the town cop to kiss off . this kid he hit , he 's a waiter at one of that club along the strip there . he 's stable . I guess they be put some pin in he hip . good news be he get bust sell pot last year , so we get something to work with anyway . michael you do not need I for this , right ? jerry could not hurt . michael I ' 1l have somebody call you . jerry nod . okay . but linger a moment , because -- jerry so , Michael , look , I be think of you last week . my cousin Frank , from Brooklyn king , right ? he 's out in nassau now . they get a open on the probate bench . he 's kind of go for it . michael that 's a tough crowd . jerry no shit . can I have he call you ? michael sure . jerry and do not worry about this ... ( be : Mr. greer ) I ' 11 put my back into it . michael nod . head for the car and -- 15 ext . mansion driveway / country road -- night the mercede speed away from the house -- int . the mercede ~~ night michael drive . escape . running from more than Mr. greer and Jerry Dante . more than just a bad night boil behind he eye . driving hard and wild . turn suddenly and -- ext . westchester country road -- night the mercede racing along . int . the mercede -- night / pre-dawn michael -- turn again -- aimless -- window open -- cold air whipping through -- brake suddenly -- impulsive -- turn -- suddenly -- faster now and -- ext . new country road -- pre-dawn first light . a smaller road . the mercede speed past large estate tuck back in the fog and deep wood . ext . the field -- dawn a huge OPEN pasture . surrounded by forest . the sun just start to rise . cold mist hang over the whole valley . nothing but gray and green . Stark . perfect . the mercede speed toward we -- climb around the turn -- eat up the valley road that run along the pasture -- but suddenly the car be slow -- brake hard and -- int . the mercede -- dawn michael pull to a stop . stare out the window . ext . the field -- dawn michael get out of the car . stand there . three horse poise at the crest of the pasture . hanging there in the fog like ghost . michael jump the fence . walk slowly into the field . behind he , the mercede with the engine run . the horse aware of he now . watch he come . michael 's face as he walk . and later on we ’1ll understand all the force roiling inside he , but for the moment , the simple thing to say be that this be a man who need more 16 than anything to see one pure , natural thing , and by some miracle have find he way to this place . the wet grass and cold air and no coat -- none of it make any difference to he right now -- he 's a pilgrim stumbling into the cathedral . and he stop . just stand there . empty . open. lose . nothing but the field and the fog and the wood beyond . the horse stare at he . michael stare back . and just like that ... the mercede explode ! the horse already run before michael can turn back -- piece of the car that have be blow into the sky still raining down before he 's fully grasp what 's happen -- michael simply shocked . senseless . stand there freeze . stun . what just happen ? the car -- he car -- be go -- just like that . michael look around . look back . he should be dead . he be not . when the gas tank explode ! and suddenly it 's clear . all that staggered chaos in Michael 's eye suddenly replace with steel . he should be dead . he be not . and now he 's walk . toward the car . walk faster . determined . and suddenly he 's run -- run toward the fire . faster and faster , as we ... dissolve to int . henry clayton 's bedroom -- day a computer monitor . a screen saver . Dragon - slay wizard , orc , Nordic elve , samurai gnome -- all spin across the monitor in perpetual slow motion . and every few second this word appear : realm & conquest wider to reveal the small room of a typical pre-war West end apartment . loft bed . parquet floor . paint-chipped radiator . all of this subsidiary , however to the room 's overwhelming 17 decorative theme : fantasy . book , game , poster , model -- hundred of mythical land , creature , weapon and journey be stack , pin , pile and catalogue everywhere . four day earlier henry clayton be ten -- small for ten -- all bone and intelligence . he 's hustling around , stuff thing into he already bulg backpack -- rush off , take we with he into -- int . west end hallway / kitchen -- day henry scramble through a hallway clogge with book and bookshelve -- a clutter of intellectual / domestic funk -- bring we quickly to the kitchen and ivy , Michael 's ex - wife . she be 38 . her youthful beauty perhaps a bit too delicate for life 's perpetual harassment . gerald be ivy 's doctoral history professor , now he 's she second husband . he 's feed sophia , they eighteen - month old daughter . henry ( blow through - -) be my other deck in here ? ivy do you eat ? henry ( scroung around ) dad 's down there wait already . gerald there be card in we bathroom . henry ( ivy stare at he ) yes . I have a waffle . ivy since we be out of waffle I do not see how that 's possible . henry ( rush off ) it 's a miracle . ivy about to fire back . gerald wave she off . let it go . feed the baby . save you strength . 18 ext . west end avenue - day michael in the mercede stop at the corner . the good suit and tie . michael ( as he see he - -) Henry ! ext . broadway / upper west side -- day the mercede drive through morning traffic , as we hear -- henry ( v.0 . ) ...80 no one 's even sure exactly where they be because there 's no border or landmark or anything ... in ! the mercede -- day ( cont michael drive . henry shotgun . henry ... and the town , it 's not even a town , really , it 's just like this camp where this people have gather to hide , right ? all this deserter and guy that get cut off from they army , all this people that be hide in the wood and try to stay alive , this be where they all come . there 's thiefe , Gray mage , unbidden Warrior , Dark avian , riverwynder , sapper -- there 's like fifteen kind of character , okay ? michael okay . michael fight distraction . henry so eager and serious . henry so basically you have all this character who do not know each other and they do not know why they be here and nobody have any alliance , okay ? whatever alliance you have before be go . you can not even say who you be , because you do not know , maybe the person you be talk to , maybe they be like you mortal enemy in the war . so it 's just completely like everybody for themselves . 19 michael sound familiar . henry it 's really good . I be serious . you should really read it . michael right . and by the time I finish it you be gonna be onto something else . henry how much you want to bet ? michael I do not know . how much you get ? michael glance over . the boy just aching with sweetness . henry it 's not just the deck and legend book , it 's a massive player online rpg and they be gonna do game figure too . they work on this for like six year . but they be here . michael to the curb behind school van . michael Bus pass ? henry it 's in my locker . ( piss ) you be not even gonna look at it , be you ? michael what ? the book ? bring it Saturday . henry I do already . I leave it in you kitchen . it 's get a red cover . michael go. ( snagging a quick kiss ) go on . teach this people something . henry get out of the car . michael watch he son lug he backpack down the sidewalk and into the school . michael hold a smile , ready with a final wave goodbye . and then the boy be go and the mask come down . check he watch -- he 's late and tense and drop the car into gear , as -- 20 ext . '' tim be '' day a restaurant / bar near foley Square . tim be be a sweet - look , pubbish tavern that 's go out of business . several van double - park outside as we hear -- auctioneer ( v.0 . ) ...lot 37 , two fryolater six gallon unit . they be new , they be clean , let 's start five hundred the pair ... int . '' tim be '' kitchen -- day fifteen buyer bunched like starling around the auctioneer . Men with clipboard . equipment all tag and stack and ready to roll . auctioneer ... five hundred , I have get five -- five -fifty . six . this be two unit , folk . six , I see six - fifty . Seven ... int . '' tim be '' bar / dine room -- day Dark . stripped down . stool , blender , cash register -- everything stack and tag . michael alone at a table . sound of the carcass be pick over in the bg . gabe zabel , loanshark , enter from the kitchen . zabel he say you be still gonna be short . michael how short ? zabel sixty . plus the point . seventy - five thousand . a body blow . michael try to hide the impact . michael that 's liquor and everything ? zabel what have you think it be gonna be ? michael I do not know . less. thirty . twenty . ( the auctioneer bleat away in the bg - -) he 's take fifteen hundred on a refrigerator I pay four grand for . 21 zabel make a bid . michael nod . suck it up . be a man . zabel you do not have this seventy - five ? michael just lay around ? no. zabel where 's you brother ? michael forget that . zabel Michael , look , you want to front this , that 's up to you , but timmy 's name stay in the book until we be clear . ( gentle but firm ) if I know where he be , I do not have to keep ask . michael he 's upstate . his wife take he back . he 's live in he in - law basement . zabel he 's gotta have something . michael sure . he 's get the two kid with she . he 's get Jennifer , the coke - deal waitress he knock up -- four michelin snow tire he boost from my sister 's garage ... ( a fuck - it smile ) make he a offer . zabel nod . his version of sympathy . zabel I have a wife be a drunk . beautiful girl . Young girl . but live like that ? even they do a program . I think she do once two year . it 's like you be strapped to a bomb . michael timmy be sober six year . 22 zabel that 's what I be say . they slip ? forget it . they do not give a shit , they be stone . it 's everybody else who 's get a problem . enough with this . they both have place to be . michael what 's my time frame here ? zabel for you ? I do not know . I do not think it be gonna be a problem . ( Michael 's silence say it be ) I 'il ask . michael nod . the auctioneer still at it , as -- int . law firm build lobby -- day michael 's id card swiping the scanner . kenner , bach & ledeen logo by the elevator bank and -- int . elevator bank / elevator -- day michael make it as the door close . Three lawyer in here . dominant power be jeff gaffney . Big blowhard partner . gaffney hey , miguel , how 's it go ? michael great , Jeff , how 's it with you ? both man instantly into a superficial , glad-hand familiarity . gaffney you know brini ... michael sure . brini glass nod hello . she 's a young polished , go-getter . the guy stand beside she a chilly , forty year - old Brit -- gaffney this be Paul Julian . Paul 's visit we from the UK ... michael how you do ? Michael Clayton . 23 paul julian with a quick hello . handshake . the usual crap . gaffney Michael 's the guy who actually know everything that 's really go on here . ( with a smile ) he will not tell you , but he know . michael which be what the guy who really know what 's go on always say to cover they track . ( the door OPEN , step off as - -) take it easy , Jeff . brini . elevator door close . michael , alone , drop the punchline smile . head toward he office as we begin to hear -- michael ( v.0. / phone ) ... look , Del , I do not know how hard to press here . you be gonna have to let I know how brave he want to be . del ( v.0. / phone ) well , I be not sure how brave he can be right now . we just get a confirmation hearing schedule for the end of the month . ( continue , as - -) int . michael' office / time cut -- day a large corner twenty storey high . Midtown loom through window . probably the best office on this floor . but it 's not a partner 's floor . more comfortable than flashy . more clubhouse than a place to bring client . wall cover with photograph and memorabilia . a cluttere mix of banquet handshake pic and frame family snapshot . two decade of testimonial horseshit and tribal gathering . michael pace and the camera wandering as -- michael / phone any chance she know that ? del / phone it be in the paper . who know ? maybe she get someone to read it to she . ( incredulous ) she call he wife . she 's call he house . it 's a nightmare . 24 michael / phone my guess be that she 's gonna want to hang onto this condo . del / phone that 's insane . michael / phone what can I tell you ? do not piss off a motivate stripper . ( wrap it up ) look , find out he pain threshold and get back to I . i1 / x11 take it from there . or have he call I ... del / phone I hear you . lemme get into it . ( click , and --) michael ( hang up , call back out the door - - ) where be we with marty ? pam ( call back ) we leave word . time CUT later . New call . michael pace . speakerphone now . michael / phone how old 's the kid ? wendy / phone he 's not a kid . he 's twenty - two . michael / phone this be Miami ? wendy / phone Key biscayne . michael / phone they charge he ? wendy / phone reckless endangerment . my client , I think really what they want , they want a reality check on the attorney down there . Wayne say you have some connection in the area ... 25 michael / phone yup . lemme just grab a pen ... time CUT later . New call . michael still on speakerphone . randall / phone what be you try to do , Michael ? get I to kill the story ? michael / phone Randy , please ... I be say let somebody else write it . randall / phone why would I do that ? michael / phone Love ? decency ? fear ? want I to keep go ? randall / phone c’mon , man ... michael / phone ( pull it off speaker ) you know what story I keep wait to read ? the one about the business reporter who 's sick of watch everyone else get rich . silence . tone shift . michael wait . randall / phone this be break news , or something you be just spitballing ? michael the beverly Fund 's look for a new director of Communications . I give they you name , I hope you do not mind . time CUT later . New call . michael by the window -- michael / phone -- if she call INS directly she 's gonna get nowhere -- evan / phone -- even with the appointment ? -- 26 michael / phone -- it 's retail , Evan , it 's like dmv over there , unless they get a call from a District supervisor nobody move -- evan / phone -- but you guy can do that ? -- michael / phone -- he 's a former commissioner -- evan / phone -- and none of this come back to I , right ? Cause that do not do anybody any good . michael / phone no , I have be the one do the ask . evan / phone can you hang on a minute ? michael sure . ( on hold now , glance back because - -) pam , he assistant , be in the doorway . pam be we merge ? michael what ? pam marty bach 's in London . first they say he be in Atlanta , then lara say he be in the building , so I call back up -- I know you want this meeting -- now she tell I the truth , he 's really in London . ( quiet , nervous ) be we merge ? because that 's what everyone 's say . all this brit . that this time it 's for real . michael like I would know . ( she 's stare like , '' yes , you would . '' --) I do not know . 27 a phone start ringing now from behind she -- pam even if we be , even if they merge , it would not effect you , right ? michael Pam , you phone be ringing . she step out to answer . michael alone again . still stand there . still absorb this morning 's shrapnel , as -- ext . omaha nebraska ~~ day cold morning . Stark windblown flatness . a highway on - ramp in the foreground tell we where we be . ext . omaha riverfront townhouse -- day modern , tidy , downtown omaha live . as we hear : karen ( v.0 . ) at the moment , U / North currently have seventy thousand employee work in sixty - two country around the world ... ( continue , as we --) int . karen 's omaha home / bathroom -- day karen crowder alone at the mirror . Fresh from the shower -- karen ... around the planet ... sixty - two country around the planet . ( try it again ) at work in more than sixty country around the globe . int . u/ NORTH omaha conference room -- day later that morning . karen and she boss , don jeffries , a 60 - year - old corporate titan , on one side of the table . facing they , a SMALL video crew : cameraman , SOUND , and interviewer . the filming part of some in - house promotional puffery -- karen ... right now we have get seventy - five thousand employee in over sixty country around the planet . int . twelve int . video int . 28 karen 's omaha home / bathroom -- day minute later . make - up at the mirror -- karen +.- so the volume ... the quantity of legal issue be just overwhelming ... ( reset ) +.. just enormous . ( try it folksy ) you can imagine , the volume of legal issue ... it 's just enormous ... it 's ... U / NORTH omaha conference room -- day camera roll and -- karen ... it 's quite substantial . as general counsel , what I do -- we in - house department -- we analyze the dimension of the problem or the opportunity , we determine the jurisdiction , and we farm we business to the firm and talent we think can help we the most . karen 's omaha home / desk area -- day karen glance at a list of question -- karen Balance ? ( smile for the imaginary camera - - ) I think everyone have to find they own mix . I like work . I enjoy my job . ( try again ) I find I feel most alive when I be ... ( fuck ) I realize a long time ago , that ... ( hat this , and --) U / NORTH omaha conference room -- day int . interviewer so how do you keep a balance between work and life ? int . karen 's omaha home / bedroom karen pull on she stocking and -- 29 karen Balance ? ( try to pretend the question surprise she - -) honestly ? I think all this concern about '' balance '' actually create more stress than ... int . u/ NORTH omaha conference room -- day karen ...- you priority change , you make new plan . but my goal -- right now , today -- be to be the second best General counsel this company have ever see . don jeffries , the interviewer , everyone smile at this -- karen Don bring I in here twelve year ago ... ( big smile for Don ) trusted I . mentore I . int . karen 's omaha home / kitchen -- day karen ( have a lonely egg ) ... and when Don move up to the boardroom , I never really think I no have the opportunity to move into he place ... ( reset ) ..- he position ... he office ...his ... int . u/ NORTH omaha conference room -- day karen ..- because if you be ultimately not comfortable with the responsibility , you be in the wrong place . it 's you department . it 's you ability to make tough decision in real time and -- ( stop because - -) a secretary have nervously enter the room -- don jeffries we be in the middle of a interview ... secretary they say it be urgent . 30 int . barry grissom 's office -- day New York power office . barry grissom -- the senior partner we meet in the open scene -- he 's on the phone , listen to some very shitty news . three other attorney perch phone around the room . some major crisis -- barry ... Jesus ... Jesus ... Jesus ... ( listen ) ... this be ...oh , Jesus ... Jesus ... ( each pause more painful ) +.- Jesus ...oh , Jesus ... ( look up and --) ... hang on -- ( a savior ) -- there you be ! michael in the doorway . all eye rush to he -- michael what 's up ? barry Arthur eden just stripped down naked in a deposition room in milwaukee . ext . teterboro airport -- day fifty one minute later . michael crossing the tarmac toward a private jet , as we begin to hear the familiar express train chatter of -- arthur edens ( v.0 . ) ... even this , Michael -- even now -- that you be here -- there 's a reason , a reason it 's you -- every reason -- surely you can sense that -- how it pull together -- how it gather -- nurse Michael -- secret hero -- keeper of the Hidden sin -- tell I you can see that , Michael , for God 's sake ... ( continue , as - -) ext . milwaukee atrium HOTEL -- day the big one out near the airport . and it 's snowing . hard . start to really come down -- arthur edens ( v.0 . ) ... and yes -- I mean , okay , the nudity -- the parking lot -- I admit it -- mistake ! it be wrong . it be lame . it be obvious . and frankly , for I , ( more ) 31 arthur edens ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) therapeutically , it be useless , because Michael , I swear , if I stand there and peel off my fuck skin I could not get down to where this thing be live ... a luxury van whipping up to the entrance . karen and she two assistant , maude and todd , exite the vehicle . this a well - practice , military drill : maude rush for a assault on the front desk . todd flanking with the luggage and gear . arthur edens ( v.0 . ) ... six year , Michael ! six year I have absorb this poison ! six year -- four hundred deposition -- a hundred motion -- five change of venue -- eighty - four thousand document in discovery ! karen waste not a moment , work a cell phone and a call sheet -- a tightened jaw she only surrender to the urgency and crisis of the moment -- arthur edens ( v.0 . ) ... six year I have steer this beast , Michael -- six year of stalling and scream and scheme and ... int . milwaukee jail holding cell ~~ night a shabby , ugly pisshole . two chair . no air . arthur edens in the flesh . late fifty . brilliance and grace amidst the manic shamble . arthur look at I , Michael . twelve percent of my life have be spend protect the reputation of a deadly weedkiller ! michael ( sit there ) we have a agreement , Arthur . arthur ( oblivious ) -- one night , right ? -- I look up and marty 's stand in my office with a bottle of champagne -- michael do you remember we agreement ? 32 arthur -- I know , just let I -- just -- ( he simply can not stop ) -- he tell I we have just hit thirty - thousand billable hour on U / North and he want to celebrate . a hour later , I be in a whorehouse in chelsea and two lithuanian redhead be take turn suck my dick . I be lay there , I be try not to come , I be try to make it last , right ? so I start do the math -- thirty thousand hour -- what be that ? -- twenty - four time thirty -- seven-hund twenty hour in a month -- eight - thousand - seven-hund and sixty hour per year ... michael Arthur . arthur wait ! ( on he foot now , pace , faster and faster - -) because it 's year -- it 's life -- and the number be make I dizzy , and now , now I be not just try not to come , I be try not to think ! but I can not stop ! be that I ? be I just some freak organism that 's be put here to eat and sleep and spend my day defend this one horrific chain of carcinogenic molecule ? be that my destiny ? be this be my place ? michael you promise I , Arthur . arthur be that it , Michael ? ( edgy suddenly ) be that my grail ? two lithuanian mouth on my cock ? be that the correct answer to the multiple choice of I ? michael grab he -- hard -- pull he close -- michael you want to go off you medication ? Fine . but you call I first . ( face - to-face ) that be we agreement . 33 arthur stare back . eye wild . euphoric . arthur Sue I . crack ! -- michael startle -- behind he -- a milwaukee jail guard rapping on the bar -- jail guard we okay in there ? michael ( let Arthur go ) we be fine . the jail guard hesitates . move on . arthur ( whisper now ) they kill this people , Michael . Little farm . family farm . this girl , Anna , do you see she ? michael no . arthur you need to see she . talk to she . she 's a miracle . she 's be God 's perfect creature . and for fifty million dollar in fee I have spend twelve percent of my life destroy perfect Anna and she dead parent and she die brother . michael pull a prescription bottle from he pocket -- michael when 's the last time you take one of this ? arthur no . I be not lose this . ( back away ) everything be finally significant . the world be radiant and beautiful and you want I to trade that for this ? michael if it 's real , the pill will not kill it . arthur I have blood on my hand . 34 michael you be a senior litigate partner at one of the large , most respected law firm in the world . you be a legend . arthur I be a accomplice . michael you be a manic depressive . arthur I be shiva the God of death . michael let 's get out of milwaukee and we ’1ll talk about it . int . milwaukee HOTEL conference room -- day video footage . deposition in progress . drab room . drab vibe . half-a-dozen attorney on either side of a table . perhaps we glimpse a face or two , but the camera 's angle be set to feature the witness -- anna kysursen be twenty - three year old . Big . and blonde . cream skinned . ripe. open. plain . Arthur 's dairy madonna . anna ... we come back from the hospital and everybody be cry and we be in shock , but we still , we have to milk . lawyer' voice the cow will not wait will they ? anna no . lawyer' voice and when you go to the barn ... anna we find the note . my sister find it . lawyer' voice from you mother . anna yes . lawyer' voice could you read it for we ? 35 anna fight back a onslaught of emotion , find a piece of paper there in front of she . lawyer' voice Anna ? ( Anna look up , hand shaking - -) why do not you just read we the third paragraph -- just the highlight section there . anna nod . bear down . but it 's tough ... anna '' I do not want you blame ned hardy , or any of the people down at the feedlot . they be just farmer themselves . u/ North fool they just as bad as we and ned have have enough pain already ... '' ( but now she 's cry - - ) lawyer' voice Anna ? suddenly , another voice explode through the room -- arthur anna , I ’m sorry ! I love you ! i'm sorry ! I ’m so very very sorry ! for a moment there 's this weird paralyze silence -- everyone too stunne to react -- everyone except for arthur -- he 's stand and we be sort of see he from the back -- see he rip he shirt away from he body and -- another lawyer 's voice -- what the hell be he ? -- what be you do ? -- and another -- omigod , he 's -- and another -- Arthur ? -- arthur ! -- arthur I love you , anna ! and I ’m sorry ! I ’m so very very sorry ! I love you ! instant chaos -- motion -- voice yelling -- the camera jostle -- someone 's throw a punch -- arthur still stripping and struggle and begging for forgiveness , and then , suddenly , it all go black as we reverse to -- 36 int . karen 's milwaukee HOTEL suite ~~ night karen stare at a blank video monitor . todd ( with the remote ) I guess that 's it . karen stand . ashen. Silent . outside , through the window we can see the snow pour down -- karen they close o'hare ? maude across the room . sitting at a quickly assemble communication desk . laptop , printer , wireless antennae -- maude four minute ago . there 's a foot of snow in Detroit already ... karen you have Don ? maude still with the board . karen who 's the guy they send from New York ? Clayton . I never hear of he . int . milwaukee police precinct holding desk -- night active . milwaukee cop come and go . snow on boot . snow out the window . michael in he wheelhouse , chat up a desk sergeant and lieutenant as -- maude ( v.0 . ) Michael Raymond Clayton . bear September nine , 1959 , St. Joseph 's Hospital , bronx , New York ... int . milwaukee holding cell outer area -- night two guard processing arthur out of he cell . maude ( v.0 . ) ... Father be nypd patrolman , Raymond xavier Clayton , twenty -six . mother , Alice Mary Clayton , twenty -three ... 37 int . milwaukee police precinct desk area -- night michael with a cellphone . someone important on the line . handing the phone over to a police captain as -- maude ( v.0 . ) ... graduate washingtonville Central High School , Orange County New York in 1977 . graduate St. John 's University , 1980 . fordham Law , ' 82 .... int . milwaukee holding cell outer area -- night arthur smile -- beam -- as the guard process he out . maude ( v.0 . ) .../ 82 through ' 86 he 's a ada with the queen District Attorney 's Office ... int . milwaukee police precinct desk area -- night michael all smile as a young prosecutor arrive . she 's get Arthur 's paperwork , michael turn on the charm , get she to smile as -- maude ( v.0 . ) ++-1986 he 's with a Joint Manhattan - queen organize crime Task Force . and then , 1990 he start at kenner , bach & ledeen . int . karen 's milwaukee HOTEL suite ~~ night maude at she screen . karen over she shoulder -- karen so he 's a partner . maude nope . he 's list as '' special counsel . '' say he specialize in will and trust . karen he go from criminal prosecution to will and trust ? he 's there thirteen year he 's not a partner ? and he 's the guy they send ? ( read it again ) who be this guy ? int / ext . milwaukee police precinct -- night 38 michael , two milwaukee policemen and elston lead a smile arthur out of the building -- toward / into the snow and a wait milwaukee police cruiser . int . associate milwaukee HOTEL suite -- night temporary milwaukee home of kenner bach & ledeen . room than office . pizza box . mass of paper . and laptop . gym clothes and garment bag and -- michael so none of you , nobody have any idea he be come . ( he 's talk to --) four young lawyer . two first year associate . more dorm boombox one third year . one fifth . familiar face from the deposition video . third year ( be you kid ? ) to milwaukee ? for a deposition ? fifth year we think maybe there be some kind of settlement in the work . there 's be some rumor , so we think maybe he be here for that , but ... michael who talk to he ? first year I do . ( nervous ) he just say he want to depose this girl Anna . and could he borrow some headphone . michael all right , look ... ( he 's hear enough ) this be very simple . Arthur 's get a chemical imbalance . he 's suppose to be on medication . he fall behind with that . he 's back on the mend . he 'il be fine in three , four day . michael let that sink in a moment . now the hammer . michael what happen here stay in this room . this be not a piece of ( more ) 39 michael ( cont would ) information you want to be out in front of . anybody have a problem with that let I know right now . ( dead silence ) we be stick here overnight . I be gonna get he home tomorrow if I can . who 's in charge of the deposition schedule ? third year I be . michael where do it stand ? third year I guess it 's on hold . we do not know exactly what to -- michael nothing 's on hold . you just do what you be plan on do . the other side want to talk about it , let they call New York , okay ? ( four head bob - and I need he briefcase . fifth year Arthur 's ? I do not ... michael he say he leave it in the room . first year it might be with the stuff jody grab ... the search through the clutter have begin and -- michael find it . int . henry clayton 's bedroom -- night the camera move over a collage of fantasy image : poster , postcard ; magazine page and book cover ; fantasy landscape and fantasy castle , fantasy character , journey and battle , as we hear ... henry ( 0s ) .».. s0 all this people , they all start have this dream , okay ? you know what a vision quest be ? like for navahos and stuff ? 40 arthur ( phone / over ) ( thick with thorazine ) I think so . like a special dream . henry ( 0s ) except this be like a whole bunch of people have the same dream . they be all have this dream that they should go to this one place . they do not know why or anything , they just have this feel that they have to go there . arthur ( phone / over ) that they have be summon . henry in he loft bed . on the phone . past he bedtime . henry that 's the chapter ! that 's what it 's call . '' summon to Conquest . '' seriously , that 's the title . int . michael' milwaukee HOTEL bedroom -- night ( cont ) arthur edens alone in a dark hotel room bed . doped up . arthur do they know ? do they know they be all have the same dream ? henry ( phone / over ) no , that 's what 's so cool , they all think it 's just they , that maybe they be like go crazy or something so they do not want to admit it . arthur but they be not crazy , be they ? int . henry clayton 's bedroom -- night henry no , it 's real . it 's really happen . arthur ( phone / over ) it be happen , be not it ? something larger than themselves , they be just not ready , be they , to hear it -- '' henry -- yeah , but then later they do , so if you be gonna read it , I do not want to spoil it -- ( stop because - - ) 41 gerald ( stepfather ) stand at the bedroom doorway . gerald -- what be you do ? -- who be you talk to ? henry -- I call my dad 's room -- some friend of dad 's -- gerald -- it 's like ten-thirty , Henry -- int . michael' milwaukee HOTEL bedroom -- night arthur ( frantic suddenly ) -- hello ... hello ? -- ( he can hear they argue in the bg --) henry ( phone / over ) I gotta get off now . arthur -- wait ! -- the book -- I need the book -- the title -- and you , I do not know you name ... henry ( phone / over ) I be Henry . the book be call realm and Conquest . arthur ( fumble for a pen ) realm and Conquest . henry ( phone / over ) it 's Book one with a red cover . ( Gerald press in the background - -) I gotta go -- tell my dad I call , okay ? arthur thank you , Henry . thank you . ( dial tone ) thank you . ( silence ) thank you . 42 int . milwaukee HOTEL lobby / bar -- night michael enter . it 's late . he 's late . bartender start to cash out . michael see karen work across the room . int . milwaukee bar / table -- night karten look up as michael arrive . he 's get two drink . michael there you be . sorry I be late . karen where be he ? michael he 's asleep . he 's out cold . ( offer the drink ) he 's close up the register ... karen ( not have it ) tell I this be some kind of strategy . michael would not that be nice . karen you see this tape ? the video ? michael I hear about it . karen what happen after be worse . michael he 'il be fine once he 's back on the medication . but she 's not listen . she 's flipping through a notepad -- karen this be in the parking lot , okay ? this people be run for they car , he 's get nothing on but he sock , and whatever the hell you team be do to stop this be clearly not work , because -- ( read she note ) '' I be sorry . I be so sorry . I will not sit with this sickness any longer . I cannot aid this sickness any longer . '' ( more ) 43 karen ( cont would ) ( incredulous ) what do that mean ? michael I be not really sure . karen you have be with he all evening . what 's he be say ? michael not much . ( flat out lie ) we get he sedate pretty quickly . karen this be totally unacceptable , you realize that the -- michael -- once he 's back on the medication , it 's really just a matter of -- karen -- this be a three - billion dollar class -action lawsuit ! tomorrow morning I have to call my board and tell they the architect of we entire defense be arrest run naked in a snowstorm chase the plaintiff through a parking lot ! michael I understand . karen what '' sickness '' be he talk about ? michael could be a lot of thing . karen name one . michael frostbite ? karen you think this be funny ? michael look , he wife be sick , she die last year . his daughter do not talk to he . he 's all alone . all he do ( more ) 44 michael ( cont would ) be you case . he skip he pill . he have a bad day . it 's that simple . karen and you be a authority on this ? michael his last episode be eight year ago . I be there . I help bring he home . I watch he get better . ( beat ) I mean , c’mon ... you do not hire Arthur for he low - key regularity . you take he because he 's a killer and he 's brilliant and he 's just crazy enough to grind away on a case like this for six year without a break . karen Excuse I , but we pay for he time . michael I think you want a explanation . karen fold the notebook . steely silence . karen I be call marty bach in the morning . but then you know that ... michael nod . understood . int . michael' milwaukee HOTEL sitting room -~ night the police lt . ( elston ) -- the guy Michael be glad-hand in the precinct -- pull on he parka get ready to go home . elston he be mostly just quiet . I hear he move around , I give he the other pill about fifteen minute ago . michael take off he jacket . pull a nice , thick envelope from the pocket . time to pay the babysitter -- michael I really appreciate it , elston . ( hand it over - -) you get to New York , you know you be come -- you need ticket , a game , whatever , give I a head up . 45 elston I 'il do that for sure . int . michael' milwaukee HOTEL bedroom -- night a minute later . michael enter . it 's quiet . Dark . dim light from the bathroom . michael pull off he tie . what a fuck day . take off he watch , when -- arthur ( voice from the bed ) do you see she ? michael who ? arthur Anna . arthur bleary and soporific . beached there . michael Anna ? no . no , I do not see she . ( like you would talk to a child ) she probably go back to the farm . arthur we need she . michael nod . barely listen . kick off he shoe . arthur marty . even then . the rest of they . they will not understand . michael ( just humoring he ) do not worry , Arthur , if anybody can explain it to they , it 's you . arthur no . they be lose . they have what they want . michael let it go , man . get some sleep . silence now . michael move to the window . stand there . pull the curtain . loosen he collar . watch snow fall across the parking lot . when , suddenly -- 46 arthur ( loud and clear ) be this what you want ? arthur there in the half - light . sitting up . defy the medication . sheer will . arthur be a janitor ? live like this ? do this ? what you do ... michael catch off-guard . not prepare for clarity . arthur it can not be . that I know this . the burden . that 's what I be tell you . ( weaken ) how it feel . that I know ... ( go fast ) that we have be summon ... michael not sure what to say , or if there 's even anybody listen , because arthur be already sloping back into the pillow ; already drift back under the medication 's gravitational pull and ... michael alone now . stand there at the window . shaken . int . karen 's milwaukee HOTEL suite ~~ night arthur eden 's briefcase . bath in the light of a hotel desk lamp . the initial a.d.e. emboss in the wear , old leather . the camera moving across the desk , as we hear the sound of a phone ringing through the line and -- verne ( phone / over ) hello ? karen ( 0s ) ( tense , tentative ) yes . hi. I be look for vern ? the content of the briefcase arrange in pile around the desk . a chaotic mix of legal document , bizarre book , and a few odd , find object -- verne ( phone / over ) you have a number ? karen ( 0s ) Don jeffries give it to I , he say I could call anytime ... 47 verne ( phone / over ) the account number . karen ( 0s ) the code . yes . sorry . I have it ... ( papers rustling in the background , as - - ) the camera feature -- a twenty - page document -- at the center of everything . Space on the desk clear around it . it 's a photocopy , date , June , 19 , 1991 . on the cover ... UNITED - northfield culcitate -- internal res earch memorandum # 229 and there 's no need to get into the text of this memo right now . it be , however , important that we feel the extreme danger and power this document have for karen . karen ( 0s ) ...okay , it 's twelve - b-k-r - 6 . karen hold the phone with one hand , the other cover with a improvise glove make from a plastic hotel laundry bag -- karen be I speak with vern ? verne ( phone / over ) mister verne . karen I be sorry it 's so late . Don say just ... I be not really ... I do not know how this work so ... verne ( phone / over ) you have e-mail at you current location ? karen yes . verne ( phone / over ) I be gonna upload you a little encryption package we like . it 's pretty self - explanatory . karen okay . verne ( phone / over ) let I get to my desk . 48 she 's on hold . the '' glove '' hand reach down for the memo there at the center of it all . her eye scan the word , as if maybe he time they 'il be different . they be not . she catch she reflection now in the mirror over the desk . frozen like that . wait , as -- int . michael' milwaukee HOTEL sitting room -- day Morning . the storm be over . michael have shower . he 's drink room service coffee , pace around on a cell phone -- michael ... no , I know . we be ... we just could not stay open . ( impatient pause ) yeah , what I be wonder , I have get a option on the lease for six more year . you know the space , I be wonder if you think there 's any chance I could lay that off ? be the lease worth anything ? ( pause ) eighty -nine hundred a month . I mean , the fixture be go , but the bar , the kitchen , it 's great space ... michael listen and it 's not the answer he be hope for . and he 's pace around , take we toward the bedroom door . one open , the other one close . the SOUND of the shower run from the other room -- michael ( finally ) no ...no , I hear you . I just ... ( pause ) yup . you get it . thanks anyway . ( beat ) I will . michael hang up . numb . try to shake it off . michael ( check he watch ) let 's go , Arthur ! no answer . michael start to turn away . then he stop . michael Arthur ! ( he try the door , it 's lock - -) Arthur ! you hear I ? open the door . ( more ) 49 michael ( cont would ) ( bang on it now - -) open the goddam door , Arthur ! ( harder ) arthur ! OPEN the door ! because suddenly , the anger have transformed into fear -- he 's try the door again -- really try it -- michael arthur , can you hear I ? michael rear back -- come in hard now and -- michael -- shit ! -- ( he just bang the hell out of he shoulder - -) goddamit , arthur ! the body slam be useless , but it 's not a impossible door -- he 's stand back -- clutching he shoulder -- kick as hard as he can near the knob and -- the door groan -- give a little -- michael kick again -- now it splinter -- michael give it everything this time and this time the door shatter off its hinge , still sort of hang there as michael push and claw it away , rush now into -- int . michael' milwaukee HOTEL suite / bathroom -- day michael stop cold . the shower be run and nobody 's in there . written on the mirror in shave cream : make believe it 's not just madness ! michael back out -- rush into -- int . michael' milwaukee HOTEL bedroom window open . curtain wafting in the wind . arthur be go . ext . miami golf club -- day a corporate logo -- emboss on a high - quality , golf bag : u / north '' we grow you world together '' wider to reveal 50 the pro -shop / bag drop of a first - class golf club . it 's a gorgeous , sunny morning . a caddy reach in -- shoulder the bag -- caddy not play today , Mr. verne ? mr . verne turn . he 's one of that guy who look like he 's be in he late forty forever . trim but solid . Tan and clean . press and fresh . every piece of gear in place . verne yeah , we have a change in plan ... ( point out to the parking lot - - ) that 's gonna go in the Navigator . the black one . it 's open . the caddy start for the car , as mr . iker come out of the locker room . iker be a slightly young version of Mr. verne . country club slack . good loafer . hand and forearm that speak of deeper experience than the back nine . iker you want anything for the road ? they have get that great fruit salad ... verne ( check he watch ) naw , we better hit it . int . law firm / marty bach 's office -- day marty bach at he desk . in he hand , a copy of U / NORTH research memo # 229 . arthur' briefcase open beside he . karen watch he read . just the two of they . and the silence be deafen . finally , he finish . like a doctor hold a malignant x-ray ... marty that 's really Don 's signature ? ( she nod ) where 's the original ? karen we have a unfortunate warehouse fire five year ago . we lose a number of document . marty hesitates . okay ... 51 marty how do this end up in Arthur 's bag ? karen there 's a three billion dollar question for you . int . law firm / arthur _eden 's office -- night a silver framed photograph . Young Arthur eden with he wife and baby daughter . some fade happy moment . this one of several very traditional item , on a very traditional desk . in fact the whole place be almost disturbingly repress . the only thing out of place be the dozen of document box pile at the center of the room . marty and barry grissom digging through all of it . like they have be at it a while . marty I want all this -- everything here -- I want it all box up and send to my apartment . michael in the doorway . watch they plunder . until -- marty ( without look back ) any luck , Michael ? barry turn , surprised . michael step into the office . michael he book a limo from Newark airport at three . he get out at West fourth Street , tip the driver fifty buck , and walk away . marty you try he place ? michael it 's a loft . there 's no doorman . I ring , nobody answer . I call , I get the machine . barry ( thanks for nothing ) so basically , he could be anywhere ... michael bite he tongue . no love lose with Barry . 52 marty Arthur downtown be not a good idea . some goddam loft ? barry where 's he daughter ? michael he 's not sure . Spain ? India ? marty Mars . ( put down the photograph - -) she 's crazier than he 'il ever be . ( to Michael ) Barry 's go to take over on U / North . we have all get a lot of grovel to do with this people . ( pointedly ) you do not exactly charm Karen crowder . michael I be punting . barry you have get to saddle up here , Michael , and get this under control . michael saddle up ? barry he need to be under a doctor 's care immediately . he need to be admit . michael where ? barry do it matter ? marty Michael ... ( the voice of reason ) U / North need to know that he 's under control . that he 's in a facility . they have be shake up , they need to be reassure . michael it 's just not gonna be that easy . 53 barry why the hell not ? michael because the law in the State of New York set a pretty high threshold for involuntary commitment . barry do you see this fuck tape ? michael I be not argue with you , Barry , I be tell you how it be . marty you know what ? we have get six hundred attorney in this building . let 's find out which one of they know the most about psychiatric commitment statute . michael I can tell you that right now . ( beat ) it 's Arthur . smiling . as we hear -- iker ( radio / over ) '' okay . I be in . we be good to go . '' ext . new york STREET # 1 -- night arthur walk . bath in the miracle of it all . his eye seem lock open , gather stimulus faster than the speed of light . every moment -- every beatific instant -- have a purpose . everything be fuel for the significance turbine spin inside he . pass into the night , as -- the camera find -- verne fifty yard behind arthur . ftail he . look like just another nightcrawler do the cell phone walk - and - talk -- verne ( into he microphone ) '' Roger that . let 's keep a radio check every five , okay ? '' int . elevator landing / arthur 's loft -~- night ( cont ) a downtown building . iker stand at the door to Arthur 's loft . backpack . tool kit . same radio / cellphone rig . glove hand , already start to work the lock , as -- 54 iker ( into he microphone ) '' every five . Roger that . '' int . michael' apartment / bedroom -- night clean , slick bachelor decor . michael with a towel wrap at he waist , sit at the edge of the bed , speed dial a mobile phone . the sheet with a apres-sex chaos about they . arthur 's voice ( he answer machine ) '' you have reach Arthur . if you wish to leave a message , please do so after the tone . '' michael hang up before the beep . brini ( 0s ) ( from the kitchen ) you want I to heat it up ? michael ( call back ) do not matter . int . michael' apartment / kitchen -- night ( cont ) brini glass -- the young lawyer we meet in the elevator at kenner , bach -- be busy reheating a chinese takeout dinner that be obviously interrupt earlier . she 's wear nothing but one of Michael 's shirt . it 's a modern , one - bedroom apartment in a high -rise that tower over Columbus Avenue . the kitchen open to the live room . window to Central Park and the westside twenty storey below . a slick pad . small but clean , furnish efficiently , and the view be sharp . brini start the microwave . there 's a roach in a ashtray on the counter . she light it . take a drag , as michael wander in from the bedroom . brini ( the joint ) you want ? he wave it off . come around behind she . kiss she neck as he move to the refrigerator . michael now you be hungry ... 55 brini I know . there 's a open bottle of white wine . he 's pour . michael you never tell I you be work with Jeff gaffney . brini it 's just a project . ( pull plate from the cupboard - -) he hate you . you know that , right ? michael there 's a heartbreaker . brini you help he out , do not you ? michael Jeff gaffney hate everyone . brini what do you do for he ? michael I do not even remember . brini that be such bullshit ... he just smile . she try the wine . some subtle tension pull at she . and the dope do not get she where she want . brini I watch this people . at the office . how they relate to you . I can always tell , or I think I can anyway , the one that you have do something for . michael half of they do not even know I work there . brini or they be pretend to ignore you , or else they be super polite ... michael or they hate I . he look at she . she look away . brini I never know what you know or do not know . michael try I . brini they offer I London . ( awkward beat ) or do you know that already ? michael no . I do not know that . brini I be not sure . michael so this be the merger . brini I can not believe you do not know all this . ( try to laugh it off - -) well , there you go ... I be blow . there 's my big secret . michael I think I be you secret . brini really ? I always think it be the other way around . the microwave start beep . michael I be gonna say when be you gonna tell I , but I guess that 's what you be do . brini I really think you know . michael look away . something catch he eye . there on the counter '' realm and conquest . '' Book one . the red cover . pick it up . a momentary distraction . 56 michael 57 brini I have not decide yet either . ( try a smile ) seriously . nothing 's be decide . she 's wait for he to answer . he hesitates . put the book down . michael Jeff gaffney 's wife start this affair with they contractor in East hampton . it take about a month , the guy realize she 's crazy , he try to break it off . she get drunk . she drive out to he house , take a road flare and try to torch he truck . she 's just so fuck up she do not see the two dominican kid sleep in the garage . one guy it turn out okay . the other one need a lot of help . be that a gift or a bomb ? neither of they sure . brini Jesus ... ( stare at he ) how do you make something like that disappear ? ( off he silence ) I guess you do not . michael drain he wine . pour another , as -- ext . new york STREET # 2 -- night arthur march through the night . same glorious smile . just another madman loose in Manhattan . int . arthur' loft -- night a digital camera lcd screen . the image -- a overhead shot of a coffee table cluttere with magazine , newspaper and junk mail . the digital camera be sit on the actual coffee table . iker , wear glove and a hair net , be very precisely and quickly search through the debris . a consummate professional at work . as he proceed , he keep check the camera image to make sure every object be return to its original position . this be raw space . a box . High ceiling . industrial window along one wall . half - ass grouping of furniture define the space : bed and dresser , desk and computer , 58 bathroom and closet frame out along the far wall . the decor be odd . half the stuff be clearly from a previous life ; eastside antique , proper rug , generic oil landscape pile carelessly around . above all this , the clutter of Arthur 's recent manic acquisition -- book , papers , find object , curio -- as if a layer of madness be blankete the landscape of he old life . iker moving through the loft -- eye scan -- barely reacting as -- the phone ring -- and he begin to hear : arthur 's voice ( on the answer machine ) '' if you wish to leave a message , please do so after the tone . '' ( beep , and then - - ) michael' voice ( through the machine ) Arthur , look , I have be call all day , if you be there , please for crissake just pick up and talk to I ... ( continue as - - ) int . michael' apartment / bedroom -- night brini alone in bed . deep asleep . michael ( phone / over ) no ? yes ? shit , come on , man ... ( a weary beat ) Arthur , listen to I , I be leave my phone on -- we have to talk ... ( continue , as - - ) int . michael' apartment / live room -- night michael in the dark with the phone and a new bottle of wine . michael ... what happen this morning -- yesterday morning -- whatever it be -- forget it , okay ? someday we will laugh about it , right ? but you gotta get back to I here , okay ? and soon . ( about to hang up , when - -) Arthur , look ... I '' 11 tell you what -- because you say it yourself -- part of this be definitely madness , right ? ext . new york STREET # 3 -- night arthur walk . verne somewhere back there -- 59 michael ( phone / over ) ... there 's a chemical part of this , and you know it , and I know it , and if you be ready to start with that , then I be more than willing to meet you halfway and cop to the fact that , yes , the situation suck . the case suck . U / North suck . we can start with that ... int . arthur' loft / bathroom -- night iker with the medicine cabinet open . there must be forty prescription jamme in here and he 's check every single one , as he listen to -- michael' voice ( on the answer machine ) ...- you hear I , Arthur ? pick up the goddam phone . ( silence ) I be tell you you be right , okay ? about what we be . I be say you be crazy -- the behavior 's completely out of control -- but you be right . you call it . we be janitor . okay ? i_get it ... int . michael' apartment / live room -- night michael ... but we come to this , Arthur , we have choice . it do not just happen overnight . you can not just suddenly say , '' hey , sorry . game over . I be into miracle now . '' ( suddenly ) goddamit , Arthur , pick up the fuck phone and talk to I ! whatever the hell else you think be so important right now , you better let I help you on this , because I be tell you straight up here , janitor to janitor , I do not see anybody else with a broom on the horizon . ( one last hopeful pause , before , '' beep '' --) machine voice '' the answer disc be currently full . please try you call again later . '' michael leave hang . he put down the phone . drain he wine glass . stands at the window . 60 ext . time square night arthur walk through the neon canyon . bath in the miracle of it all . his eye seem lock open , gather stimulus faster than the speed of light . every moment -- every beatific instant -- have a purpose . everything be fuel for the significance turbine spin inside he . he slow he pace , hesitates for a moment and -- ext . arthur' time square Pov -- night diamond vision billboard -- a familiar logo -- u / north we grow you world together int . farmhouse kitchen -- day cold , rural Wisconsin . a tired old room in a tired old house . a wall phone ringing . big sister , the Farmer 's wife , haul a baby on she hip as she move to answer it . the farmer and young daughter sit over breakfast in the bg . big sister ( grab the phone ) hello ? arthur / phone be Anna there ? big sister hang on ... ( call into the house ) where 's Anna ? ( continue , as - - ) ext . tribeca STREET ~~ day ( cont same time . a panel truck park here . it 's a scuff - up , late model vehicle . some half - ass electrical supply logo bury beneath the graffiti . about as anonymous as it get . big sister ( phone / over ) '' , .. Anna ! where be she ? anna ! '' int . the panel truck -- day ( cont surprise . welcome to a perfect mobile , urban surveillance hq . Ugly and state - of - the-art . purely functional . nothing gucci about it . a cot . tool case . cooler . fold table . 61 couple laptop . Space heater . iker just now clamber in the back door . erne wear headphone , already plugge in , wave for he to hurry up -- big sister ( phone / over ) '' -- Anna , you get a phone call ! '' verne flipping switch , pull he laptop closer -- int . farmhouse kitchen -- day ( cont anna kysursen grab the phone as she come by , pull the cord as far as she can , make sure big sister be out of earshot before she answer -- anna ( finally ) hello ? arthur ( phone ) Anna ? hi. it 's Arthur ... anna hey . arthur ( phone ) do you sleep ? anna I guess . int . arthur' loft -~ day ( cont arthur pace with the phone -- arthur do you think about what we say ? anna ( phone ) yeah . arthur you do not tell anybody , do you ? intercutting now -- farmhouse / loft anna no. ( eye to the kitchen ) my sister 's spying on I but that 's normal . 62 arthur because I mean what I say . anna I know , it 's just there 's like four - hundred and fifty people in this lawsuit , why be you choose I ? arthur I do not know . I be crazy , right ? anna ( laugh ) that 's for sure ... arthur do it matter , Anna ? I mean , really ? be not it ? be not that what you wait for ?... anna smile . no one 's ever speak to she like this before . arthur ... to find someone , and they be like a lens and suddenly you be look through they and everything 's change . nothing can ever be the same again ... ( he 's rattling on , but -- ) big sister ( os ) ( sharply , from behind ) who be you talk to ? anna wheel around . big sister stand in the pantry door . sour look in she eye . squirm kid on she hip . farmer you be gonna tie up the phone all night , we get a right to know . anna it 's for I , okay ? I get call too ! anna pull the phone wire as far as it go , disappear into a back stairwell . close the door behind she , as -- int . the panel truck day ( cont silence . verne and iker listen to the continue conversation over headphone . audio light on the equipment rise and fall as Arthur and Anna keep talk . int . coffee shop 63 day zabel eat breakfast . michael with just coffee . Big news . michael I can get you twelve on Monday . zabel twelve be weak . twelve look bad . michael how do you figure that ? zabel they look at seventy - five . they look at you . they be wonder what the problem be . now you say twelve . that 's just gonna make people nervous . michael gabe , this be the day before yesterday , okay ? let I get my duck in a row here . zabel what 's the car worth ? michael it 's a lease . it 's the firm 's . zabel so go to the bank . you get the apartment . you refinance . michael I do that three month ago . a nasty pause . zabel with the polygraph stare . zabel you back at the table ? michael oh yeah , like I need the action . I do not have enough go on . ( the very idea ) I hope you be kid . zabel he find out you be play card with he money . there 's no dialogue after that . 64 michael so much for Old time 's sake , huh ? zabel do everyone a favor . get out the treasure map and start digging . you get a week . zabel go back to he egg . michael walk . int . marty bach 's townhouse / foyer -- day cindy bach lead michael in from the foyer . she 's late thirty . pure trophy . blonde , horsey , peppy . cindy ( walk and talk ) he 's be on the phone all morning . what else be new , right ? two six - year old run wild in the background -- cindy Jamie ! no run in the kitchen ! ( call to some unseen babysitter - -) soroya ! be you watch they ? ( back to Michael ) he 's upstairs , he 's take over the live room ... ( point the way ) go for it . soroya ! ( kid get wilder in the background now - -) do not you just love Saturday morning ? int . townhouse live room -~- day the grand parlor floor . everything perfect except for the two dozen document box pile around the room . on the side of each box , the word edens and a number . marty poring over paperwork . michael marty ... marty turn back . focus . marty you know what he 's do ? he 's make they case ... ( the box ) I be go through he file , I be eee et cmore ) " 65 marty ( cont would ) read this ... he 's building a case against U / North . michael no one 's gonna let he do that . marty let he ? ( furious ) who 's gonna stop he ? you know what I just hear ? he 's call this plaintiff now -- this woman from the deposition ? -- he 's call this people -- he 's get this discovery document stashed away here ... ( he 's stunne ) it 's a fuck nightmare . I have be try he all morning , you can not even leave a message , he 's get the whole machine jamme up . michael watch he pull another bunch of file from a box . michael ( something on the floor ) be that he briefcase ? marty yeah . why ? michael we have be look for it . marty I do not know . it come up with all the stuff from he office . ( lie effortlessly ) you can not believe the crap he 's get stashed away in here . michael nod . accept this . plus there 's another agenda he have like to get to here . michael so , marty , look , I be kind of ina spot here . ( marty focus ) I need a loan . I need eighty grand . marty hesitates . marty I think you be do with all that . 66 michael it 's not the card . nothing like that . it 's the restaurant . marty eighty thousand ? michael I do not mean to jump you like this . I have be try to get a meeting with you alone now for two week . ( just go for it ) and I know about the merger . whether I be suppose to know or not . marty nothing 's final . michael that 's why I be ask now . you be my meal ticket , marty . I mean , let 's face it , once this be out of you hand , I be screw . you will be cashed out and I 'il be stare at Barry and a bunch of stranger try to explain what the hell it be I do . marty everybody know how valuable you be , Michael . everybody who need to know . michael I '' forty - five . I be break . I have be riding shotgun for twelve year and I still do not have any equity . Excuse I if I do not feel reassure . marty nobody tell you to go into the bar business . michael I only open the place so I would have a way out . marty I have no idea you be so unhappy . michael c’mon , marty ... ( push down he temper ) how many time have I ask you to let I get back on a litigation team . how many time ? 67 marty anybody can go to court . you think that 's so special ? michael I be good at it . marty so what ? so be a lot of people . at this -- what you do -- at this , you be great . for crissake , Michael , you have what everybody want ; you have a niche . you make a place , you make this niche for yourself . and if it 's nostalgia -- '' oh , you should have see I when I be a d.a. back in queen . '' -- then let I give you a serious piece of advice : leave it there . God forbid you be not as good as you remember . because I have see that happen too . michael but I do not come for advice , do I ? marty so this be what ? quid pro quo ? michael what do you mean ? marty I give you the loan or you do not help out with Arthur ? michael I never say that . marty maybe you should . because this ... ( Arthur 's papers ) this be cancer . this be something we do not get it rein - in and clean up soon , everything 's vulnerable . everything . michael what be you tell I ? marty that I be count on you . ( the grand gesture ) I be tell you that by this time next week Arthur will be under control more ) 68 marty ( cont would ) and everyone who need to , will have be remind of you infinite value . michael Jesus , marty ... marty suddenly smile . good cheer blossoming . marty when the fuck do you get so delicate ? michael leave hang , no chance to respond , because here come the kide -- run up the stair -- squealing and scream -- chase each other into the room and -- marty -- there you be ! -- ( make a playful grab - - ) -- into the lion 's de ! -- gotcha ! -- michael stand there rock , as marty start roaring at the kid and they start squealing even louder and -- ext . tribeca STREET / door to arthur' loft -- day the build directory . five apartment . one per floor . five name -- one of they edens . buzzer . intercom . michael press the buzzer for the umpteenth time . and again . and nothing . he try the door . and it 's loose . but then he stop . stepping back . fuck it . glancing back up to the third floor window as he cross the street and -- int . the panel truck day verne alone at the console -- iker ( radio ) '' -- here come that guy again -- just pass you now -- '' there -- on one of the laptop -- michael jogging past some low-re surveillance camera as -- int . the mercede -- day a minute later . henry read as michael get back in . henry why do not you just call uncle gene and get the cop to help you ? 69 michael it 's not that kind of problem . henry how much longer be we do this ? michael I do not know . ext . tribeca street -- day half hour later . the mercede cruise tribeca . ext . tribeca STREET -- day later . the mercede double park . michael walk back to the car . another dead -end . in ! the mercede -- day ( cont michael drive . scan . henry 's patience have thin . henry if we be not gonna get to the movie why do not you just say so . ( beat ) I want to go home . michael hang on , Henry -- ( something they just pass --) michael whip the car to the curb -- michael ( already jump out --) -- stay right here -- lock the door -- i’1ll be right back -- do not move ! -- ext . tribeca STREET -~ day ( cont michael up the sidewalk to the alley -- ext . alley -- day ( cont arthur walk away . michael ( jogging after he ) Arthur ! Arthur ! wait up ! arthur stop . turns. caught . in he arm he 's cradling twenty - five fresh baguette . 70 arthur whoaa ... ( almost lose he loaf - -) Michael . Jesus . you scared I . michael make a delivery ? arthur no ... ( smile ) very funny . nothing like that ... ( as if it be all completely natural and need no further explanation - -) have one ... go on ... really ... ( offer ) it 's still warm . best bread I have ever have in my life . michael suddenly hold warm french bread . michael so welcome home . arthur I know . the hotel . I be sorry . I be get a little overwhelm . michael but you be feel better now ? arthur yes. definitely . much better . michael just not enough to call I back . arthur hesitant . strain to keep the mania down . arthur I want to organize my thought . before I call . that 's what I have be do . michael and how 's that go ? arthur good . very good . I just ... ( fight the flood ) I need to be more precise . that 's ( more ) 71 arthur ( cont would ) my goal . ( he smile ) speak softly and carry a big baguette . there 's a beat . they history rush in around they . michael as good as this feel , you know where it go . arthur no . you be wrong . what feel so good be not know where it go . michael how do I talk to you , Arthur ? so you hear I ? like a child ? like a nut ? like everything 's fine ? what 's the secret ? because I need you to hear I . arthur I hear everything . michael then hear this : you need help . before this get too far , you need help . you have get great card here . you keep you clothes on , you can pretty much do any goddamn thing you want . you want out ? you be out . you wanna bake bread ? go with God . there 's one wrong answer in the whole pile and there you be with you arm around it . arthur I say I be sorry . michael you think the hotel be overwhelming ? you keep pissing on this case , they be gonna cut you off at the knee . arthur I do not know what you be talk about . michael I be out there try to cover for you ! I be tell people everything 's fine , you be gonna be fine , everything 's cool . I be out there run this price - of - genius speech for anybody who ’1ll listen and I get up this morning and I find out you be call this girl in ( more ) 72 michael ( cont would ) Wisconsin and you be mess with document and God know what else and -- arthur how can you know that ? michael -- they 'il take everything -- you partnership , the equity -- arthur how _do_ you know who I call ? michael -- they 's 1l pull you license ! arthur how do you know I call anna ? michael from marty ! you be deny it ? arthur how do he know ? michael I do not know . I do not give a shit . arthur step back . flushed . paranoia rise . arthur you be tapping my phone . michael ( it 's to weep ) Jesus , Arthur ... arthur explain it ! explain how marty know . michael you chase this girl through a parking lot with you dick hang out ! you do not think she get off the phone with you and speed - dial she lawyer ? arthur she would not do that . I know that . michael really . you think you judgement be state - of - the - art right now ? ( before he can step away ) they be put everything on the table ( more ) 73 michael ( cont would ) here . you need to stop and think this through . I will help you think this through . I will find someone to help you think he through . do not do this . you be gonna make it easy for they . arthur draw himself up . we see a glimpse of this in milwaukee . the tooth . the shark beneath the breadloave . arthur I have great affection for you , Michael , and you lead a very rich and interesting life , but you be a bagman not a attorney . if you intention be to have I commit , you should have keep I in Wisconsin where the arrest record , videotape , and eyewitness account of my inappropriate behavior have jurisdictional relevance . I have no criminal record in the State of New York and the crucial determine criterion for involuntary commitment be danger : '' be the defendant a danger to himself or other . '' you think you have get the horse for that ? good luck and God bless . but I x11 tell you this , the last place you want to see I be in court . arthur muscle up he bread . he 's leave . michael I be not the enemy . arthur then who be you ? and he 's walk . michael almost call after he . then not . then nothing . stand on the sidewalk with a baguette in he hand and a great variety of failure arrange themselves around he heart . ext . hilton HOTEL gym -- night a glass box . like a aquarium from this distance . it 's empty this late , one lonely runner pound a treadmill . as music -- this catchy , electronic pulsing theme -- start play , and if it sound a little like a jingle , that 's okay , because it be -- choral voice '' , ..we grow you world together ... we grow you world together ... we grow you world together ... '' 74 and then , just as the music start to fade out , it begin again from the top , continuing again , as we -- int . new york hilton gym -- night it 's karen on the treadmill . running in place . and the music , that electronic pulse , rising and falling and -- choral voice '' , ..we grow you world together ... we grow you world together ... '' ( over and over , as we --) int . michael' apartment / live room -- night henry teach michael how to play realm and Conquest -- the game version of the story Henry 's be talk about . playing card spread across a glass table . each card a portrait -- orc , mage , riverwynders , etc . -- complete with description , number , code -color , etc . and the U / NORTH jingle just bubbling along in the bg , as -- choral voice '' , ..we grow you world together ... we grow you world together ... '' ( start over , as we --) int . the panel truck -- night verne and iker at the console listen over headphone . iker what the hell be he do ? verne we should have put a camera in there . int . arthur' loft -- night a television screen . a U / NORTH commercial . one of that huge , ambiguous , corporate feel - good spot . the music play over a series of comforting utopian image -- choral voice '' , ..we grow you world together ... we grow you world together ... '' except this time it finish . image freezing . silence . arthur stand in the middle of the room . he 's get two remote control in he hand . one go to the vcr where he 's just freeze the U / NORTH commercial in it 's final frame , the other control the cassette deck on the stereo . he 's replaying the video over and over to make a audio loop of 75 the U / North theme music . zap -- he 's rewind the vcr . zap -- he 's pause the cassette deck . zap -- he stop the vcr . zap -- he 's hit '' record '' and -- int . hilton HOTEL hallway -- night karen leave the gym . sweaty . arm load with paperwork . trudge toward the elevator . as the U / NORTH music start again , except now , we also hear : arthur ( v.0 . ) here it be . cover in sequin . a hide gem , rescue from the vault ... ( continue , as - - ) int . arthur' loft -- night arthur in mid-broadcast . talk into the receiver of he phone as if it he be a dj in the midst of a broadcast . in he hand , U / NORTH memo # 229 . and as the pre-record U / NORTH music blast from the stereo -- arthur +.- one of we all time favorite -- a underground hit that we think be finally ready for it 's day in the sunshine . without further ado ... United - northfield 's culcitate Internal Research memorandum # 229 .... int . michael' apartment / live room -- night henry crash on the couch . michael watch he son sleep . arthur ( v.0 . ) ( read it ) ..- conclusion . the unanticipate market growth for culcitate by small farm in colder climate demand further cost - benefit analysis . in -house field study have indicate the possibility that smaller , short - season farm with poor drainage , dependent on well - water for human consumption be at risk for potentially toxic particulate concentration ... int . the panel truck -- night emergency . Arthur 's read of the memo have spike the urgency level in here by a thousand percent . iker work the console . verne speed -dial a cell phone , as -- 76 arthur ( v.0 . ) ...- culcitate 's great market advantage , that it be tasteless , colorless and do not precipitate , have the potential to mask and intensify any possible exposure . further study and cost / benefit analysis need to concentrate in this eritical follow - up area .... int . karen 's hilton HOTEL room -~ night the phone ringing as the door open . karen juggling she paperwork and sweat clothes , rush to grab it , as we hear -- arthur ( v.0 . ) ..- Chemical modification of the culcitate product -- the addition of a detector molecule , such as a odorant or colorant -- would require a top down retool of the culcitate manufacturing process ... ext . sixth avenue -- night empty midnight . karen wear sweat clothes beneath a coat . clutch a pair of headphone to she ear , listen to -- arthur ( v.0 . ) ...- this cost while assume to be significant be not the subject of the study summarize here .. verne stand beside she . it 's he walkman . he bring the tape . wait for she to finish listen . arthur ( v.0 . ) ..- clearly the release of this internal research document would compromise the effective marketing of culcitate and must be keep within the protective confines of United northfield 's secret language . and it 's do . karen take off the headphone . hand they back to verne . she 's daze . she look ill . verne it seem to warrant ... karen yes . a awkward beat . people , car ... life go by . 77 karen this just ... whatever you do ... you have to contain this . verne contain ? karen right . that 's my question . short of , whatever else ... something more . what 's the option for something along that line ? verne you be talk about paper ? the data ? karen that there 's a more limited option , be what I be ask ... ( cold sweat fumble ) something I be not think of . verne we deal in absolute . karen okay . I understand . I do . verne the material , I be not a lawyer , we try . we do what we can . karen and the other way ? verne be the other way . heavy pause . life pass all around they . karen but you think it 's doable . verne we have some good idea . you say move , we move . the moment we idea do not look so good , we back off and reassess . karen okay . 78 verne you mean okay , you understand ? or okay , proceed ? ( silence ) maybe you want to bring Don in on it . karen no. ( on that she 's sure ) Don 's not in this . he 's busy . it 's get nothing to do with Don . verne nod . but hang . where be they ? still wait for a answer , as -- ext . subdivision ranch house -- day just another half - acre in a ageing 60 's housing development . the mercede park in the driveway . a dozen voice ( over ) happy birthday to you . happy birthday to you . happy birthday dear , pappy ... ( continue , as we --) int . ranch house / dine room -- day a cop 's house . michael , henry and a dozen member of the Clayton tribe , sing to raymond , 75 , the withere , widower , patriarch of this clan . a dozen voice ... happy birthday to you !!! stephanie , Michael 's older sister carry the cake . she life next door with three teenage kid , kay , MARK and eamon . her husband , norman , a simple guy who own a bakery route . stephanie go on dad , make a wish ... raymond I get what I wish for , it 'il kill I . this get a laugh . gene , Michael 's young brother , be a Major case detective in queen . his wife be michelle . he 's get two son in tow , greg , 16 ; eddie , 12 . grumpy jock . gene I do not know , pap , if you be still wishing for it , you get a fight chance . 79 raymond smile . send a emphysemic puff toward the candle . do not quite get it . stephanie to the rescue . so the candle 's out . and now it 's pass - the-plates , and who 's have coffee , and how-do- you-like - it ? , and Stephanie you be a saint for baking from scratch ... michelle ( to husband gene ) you have time for cake ? gene I ' 1l take one to go . stephanie Henry , honey ... ( hand he the slice to pass - -) +.. can you ?... that 's for uncle gene . henry hand gene he cake to go and -- michael you be go in ? gene I be late already . michael shit ... michelle ( catch this ) you be not both run out . michael I get a situation ... gene what ? you can not hang ? michael you be go in . gene I have get a shift . michael yeah , well so do I . gene c’mon man , you have not be up here in month . Henry have not see the boy , I do not even know when ... more ) 80 gene ( cont would ) ( quieter ) just stay for a hour , the girl do all this stuff , he 'il be asleep by then . walk I out ... int . ranch house / playroom -- day Minute later . downstair off the garage . gene put on a tie . badge . gun. as -- gene timmy 's be call I . he 's afraid to talk to you . michael he should be . gene it close out bad , right ? michael be that what he tell you ? gene the kid be freaking out ... he in - law be freaking out ... Linda can not stop cry long enough to start freaking out ... michael hey , she take he back ... gene so what ? fuck she and the kid ? michael no , fuck timmy . ( work up now ) and nothing 's close , okay ? I sell everything but the wall and we be still short . so do not talk to I about Pam and the kid . I have get my hand full . if it be you , he have be in traction . gene he 's sick . it 's a sickness . michael there 's a fresh perspective . gene I have see a lot of people fall off the wagon lately . it 's go around . 81 michael be that point at I ? gene when do I see you ? how do I know what you be up to ? michael I have not bet a game in over a year . I have not be in card room in ten month . gene okay ... michael iqgqamble on the bar . I bet on timmy and he wipe I out . that be my big play , okay ? I put up my walk - away money and it 's go and I be scramble . gene okay ... cool down . I hear you . ( beat ) I would be piss off too . ( beat ) just hang for a hour , okay ? michael nod . gene already check he watch . Brothers . say no more . the everbroken truce . int . arthur' loft -- day arthur head out -- pull on he coat -- head for the door -- check for key -- there -- grab they off the side table , as he open the door and -- zzztippp!h!!!! a taser -- 25,000 volt -- from nowhere -- arthur 's body clenching as it hit and -- we 're into one continuous shot now verne and iker -- already flooding in -- glove -- hairnet -- surgical boot -- like machine -- iker -- the athlete -- perfect -- hand catch arthur' writhing body before it hit the floor and -- verne -- attack -- glove hand thrust down and -- 82 arthur' face -- aerosol can -- verne 's hand -- two quick burst -- point blank -- word -- throat -- everything choke off -- eye roll and -- iker -- the body drop -- ready for the dead weight and -- verne -- kick shut the door -- back to the body and -- iker ready and ... verne lift. arthur -- like a prop -- limp -- effortless -- iker and verne fly he through the space -- this horrifying freight train pas de trois -- and so far this whole thing as take eighteen second -- head like a freight train for -- the loft bathroom -- here they come -- iker walk backward hold arthur' shoulder -- verne guide he -- verne ready and ... turn . iker shifting -- they be in -- twenty six second -- iker the coat . verne hold he . verne work off Arthur 's coat -- toss it -- iker let I just ... verne ready and ... iker down . arthur sprawle across the bathroom floor and -- verne ( check he watch ) we be good . prep it . iker -- like a shot -- unlace one of Arthur 's boot and -- 83 verne -- backpack off -- digging through it -- come up with -- a prepped syringe and -- iker -- pull off Arthur 's sock and -- the medicine cabinet -- fly open -- verne search -- know right where to look -- bingo -- bottle -- bottle -- bottle -- pull they down and -- iker -- foot be bare -- reach up -- forty - one second -- iker bag , I need the wipe ... verne -- toss the backpack -- scan the pill bottle -- iker -- come out of the backpack with a pint of vodka and a sterile handkerchief and -- forty - nine second -- verne -- stripping open the syringe -- kneel now and -- arthur' face -- gasp back to life -- he 's come to -- gag now as iker wipe the aerosol residue away from he mouth -- eye twitching , as they start to open and -- iker better hit it . arthur' bare foot -- the syringe -- up -- in -- between the toe and -- verne -- as he plunge it home -- no hate -- no fear -- no pleasure -- nothing -- sixty - seven second and -- arthur' face -- as the eye open -- just a instant -- catch the light -- this strange mask face -- then go -- just like that -- roll away -- a little sigh -- a puff of air -- tongue thicken -- and then still and -- iker we good ? verne ( check the pulse ) hang on ... iker I be gonna get the shoe back on . verne we be good . and it 's over . ninety second start to finish . 84 int . ranch house / live room -- day ranch house live room . early evening . Sunday television torpor . raymond asleep in he chair . cousins watch a college basketball game . camera find michael and henry get ready to leave . stephanie and michelle hover -- stephanie ( card in hand ) that 's he number . Dr. moolian , see if you have any more luck -- michael -- okay , let I get into it -- stephanie -- cause medicaid , they have just be run we in circle with this . michelle let he go , steph , he 's get a date . michael yeah , with a maniac attorney . stephanie take a night off . you look tired . michael one of this day ... ( a kiss for each of they , as we cut to -- ext . ranch house driveway -- day two minute later . michael and henry walk down to the mercede . come around the car , when -- henry uncle timmy ? michael turn and -- timmy how you do , hen ? timmy stand there . Michael 's brother . a big guy that 's be hollow out by too much of everything . his bartender smile , a phony tic he can not quite control anymore . michael get in the car , Henry . henry hesitates . then move quickly to get i : timmy ( before the door close ) good to see you , Henry . michael what do you want ? timmy 85 nto the car . I have be sober eight day . I be back at the meeting . I want you to know . michael in front of the kid ? timmy mikey , please , I know how bad I do . I swear . I do not know how to make it right , but it 's all I think about . ( he 's break ) what can I do ? tell I what to do . michael get in the car . Brick wall . michael get Stephanie she tire back . the car door slam shut . timmy fold . the tear of a wounded drunk . int . the mercede -- day ( cont michael put the car in gear . henry quiet as henry be he cry ? michael ( tight ) I do not know . henry because of drug , right ? michael that and everything else . shitty stoic they pull away . 86 they drive in silence down the hill . michael focus on the road , try to settle . then he look over , just now realize how upset the boy really be and -- henry ( as the car stop ) what ? michael uncle timmy -- and I mean this -- on he best day , he be never as tough as you . and I be not talk about ery or the drug . I be talk about in he heart . you understand I ? henry catch in the focus of he father 's sudden sincerity . henry okay . michael Big Tim ... uncle boss ... all he charming bullshit . and I know you love he . and I know why . but when you see he like this , you do not have to be afraid , because that 's not how it 's gonna be for you . you be not gonna be one of that people who go through life wonder why thing keep fall out of the sky around they . you have some real steel in you Henry . Inside . I see it every time I look at you . I see it right now . ( he try to smile ) I do not know where the hell you get it from , but you get it . henry silent . try to get that down . as a cell phone begin ringing . the moment break as michael start digging into he coat pocket and -- michael ( answer ) hello ... and there 's this just godawful pause . michael listen to some really bad news , as we -- ext . FOURTH precinct station house -- night est . shot . cop come and go , as we hear : 87 det . dalberto ( v.0 . ) ... the neighbor come by , they be renovate the loft downstairs , they have water flooding down from he bathroom into they place ... int . sixth precinct squadroom -~- night detective dalberto at he desk . friendly . sympathetic . michael sit there . seriously shake . det . dalberto ..- he front door , fire escape , he have everything lock up pretty good . it take we guy ten minute , they have to break the thing down . he have the perimeter alarm set . pill all over the place . so just the scene alone , it 's pretty definitive for suicide . then I speak to some of you partner , they run down this problem he would be have lately , so ... michael be there a note ? det . dalberto no . they look . there be paperwork all over the place -- wall and shit -- he have stuff up all over . but no note . could be a accident . or he be gonna write a note and just mess up ... michael can I get in there ? det . dalberto his place ? not now . it 's seal . once that seal go up it 's freeze . we be gonna try and reach he daughter , I guess , she 's off in Europe , she 's gotta come in , or the I 's gotta come back with a toxicology report . that 's a couple week at least it 's gotta stay like that . they bag up , you know whatever valuable they see , but ... ( beat ) sorry . michael sure . 88 det . dalberto I know you brother a little . my wife work in the one-sixteen out in queen . michael I 'il tell he hello . det . dalberto something come in , I 'il get back to you . michael I appreciate it . det . dalberto sorry for you loss . michael nod . stands . end of story . ext . new york bar -- night barry pace on a cell phone outside . he see michael approach and -- barry ( into the phone ) -- hang on -- just hang on -- ( to Michael ) there you be ... barry find a sad face . throw out a hand . michael join this little dance of grief . barry ... we have be wait for you ... they be all in there , I x11 be in ... michael nod . pull away and -- int . the new york bar -- night Dark . funky . somebody 's favorite joint . marty bach and half-a-dozen other attorney clotted at the bar . this guy all partner at the firm . everyone dress in they Sunday night come - as- you - be tragedy clothes . michael move down the line . a grim , quiet gauntlet of mumble hellos and handshake . marty , truly grief -stricken , half -drunk , shaky as he come off he stool to gather michael into he arm . marty ( as they embrace ) ... that stupid bastard ... 89 michael ++- I know ... marty ... what a thing ... michael +.- make no sense ... I know ... I can not believe it ... finally they separate . two wounded soul . marty I never even get to talk to he . ext . the new york bar -- night barry still on he phone call -- barry ( pace and talk - -) ... I be not gonna start negotiate against myself , if he 's get a number he like he 's gonna have to back it up . I be not get U / North all fire up if he do not have he people in line ... int . new york bar / booth -- night forty - five minute later . michael and marty alone now . michael do I push too hard ? marty not a chance . michael I just could not get through to he . marty what ? you scared he to death ? ( ridiculous ) the man be a bull . never happen . michael so why do he fold ? marty it 's get to be a accident . no note ? Arthur without a note ? guy could not take a piss without leave a memo . it have to be a accident . 90 michael I do not get that either . one minute he 's so pump up he 's gonna take on the world , twelve hour later he 's suck down pill ? why ? marty why ? because people be fuck incomprehensible . why ... ( wave the idea away ) you live this long , you be suppose to get something out of it . what do I get ? I be still horny and vain and afraid to die . what do I know about anything ? ( he drink ) thirty year I know Arthur . good year . and what I feel right now ? if I be honest ? I can not even say it it 's so awful . michael say it . ( silence ) that we catch a lucky break ? marty look over . hesitates . marty we do , do not we ? michael nod . they turn . barry ( 0s ) marty ? barry behind they . barry we need to get up to the office . marty they accept ? barry in principle . Don jeffries want we on the phone in half a hour . ( include Michael in this now - -) I try to explain about Arthur . they be a little short on sympathy at this point . 91 michael wait a minute . U / North 's settling ? barry they think there 's a window . they want to try. ( just the messenger ) it 's they show . what be we gonna do ? michael stunne . Silent . marty you do what you could , Michael . we all do . ( drain he drink ) it be what it be . barry help marty off the stool . holding he coat . barry you need a ride ? michael no . no , I be okay . marty with a misty wave good night . michael watch barry navigate the old man out toward the door , as -- int . the farmhouse kitchen -~ night Dark . the phone ringing . anna 's big sister pad in , turn on a light and -- big sister ( answer ) hello ? michael ( phone / over ) I be look for Anna kysersun ? big sister who be this ? ext . the new york bar -- night michael on the sidewalk -- michael / phone my name be Michael Clayton . I be a attorney in New York and I -- big sister / phone well you have get some nerve . 92 michael / phone Excuse I ? big sister / phone you get she all the way to New York and then leave she at the airport ? this be not a complicated person ! this be a girl who 's never be farther away from home than milwaukee ! int . the mercede ~~ night michael drive , as we hear -- michael / phone v.o . wait a minute ... big sister / phone v.o. no -- you wait ! -- she 's come home tomorrow ! -- and when she do , if you call here again , I be warning you -- ext . airport HOTEL / parking lot -- night La guardia in the background . the mercede pull in as -- michael / phone v.o. -- hang -- hang on -- wait -- be you say she 's in New York ? -- she 's in New York , right now ? big sister ( phone / over ) this be a young girl ! do you hear I ? int . ford taurus / airport HOTEL parking lot -- night verne and iker watch michael get out of the mercede -- iker what the fuck be this ? int . airport HOTEL hallway -- night empty . quiet . michael knock on a door . michael Anna ? ( knock harder ) Anna ? anna ( 0s ) ( through the door ) who be it ? 93 michael Anna , my name be Michael Clayton . I be a friend of Arthur 's . as the door open just a crack . anna stand there . a frighten small town girl in a strange place . int . ford taurus -- night verne and iker as they be . in the dark . not happy . iker what be you think ? verne I nil watch the door . why do not you give he car a good once over ? iker ( as he get out ) how do I know I be not get home tomorrow ? int . airport HOTEL room night anna sit on the bed . crying . michael in the room 's only chair . anna ..- he do not want to say exactly what it be , just that when I get here he would pick I up and show I and I would see that it be something that would win the whole case ... even this morning I think , okay , if I get to the airport and the ticket 's not there , then I will know , okay , you be stupid , now you can go home ... but it be there and he pay like eight hundred dollar for a first class ticket , so I just , I get on the plane , I believe he ... michael there for she . probe very gently here . michael you think maybe he be disappointed ? let 's say he know that you have tell somebody else about all this . you think that might have , in some crazy way , that he have be disappointed by that ? anna but I do not . 94 michael you must have tell somebody . anna no . he make I promise . michael nobody know about this ? you never tell anybody ? anna no ... ( new tear welling ) he really be crazy , be not he ? michael without a answer for that . watch she cry . ext . hundre and sixteenth precinct -- night queen . Midnight . patrol car park outside . couple cop change shift . int . queen precinct storage room ~~ night nypd ugly . gene clayton , shirtsleeve and shoulder holster , tear through a huge old filing cabinet . hand pull open the drawer . one after the next . search through the clutter of blank form and department stationery . michael wait by the door . gene ( finally ) you talk about this ? he 's hold a stack of protective crime scene seal . michael I only need one . gene you know what this be ? michael yes . gene you say a favor . this be more than a favor . michael nobody 's gonna know where it come from . 95 gene be you that jamme up ? michael what be you talk about ? gene it 's the restaurant , right ? one of this guy you owe ? '' get I a seal . '' michael do you really want to know ? gene hesitates . gene I be gonna go take a leak . you will probably be go when I get back . ( he toss the seal onto the table - -) you know you way out . michael stand aside . gene push past he and out the door . michael wait for he to walk away , as -- ext . tribeca STREET / arthur 's build -- night two a.m . Dark and quiet . ext . arthur 's build / front door -- night michael with a crowbar . push the door to the limit of the lock . check the street . wedge the crowbar under the lock . lean . now harder . and push , and ... SNAP . he 's in . int . the landing outside arthur' loft -- night the door to arthur eden 's loft . it 's a mess . the metal frame be bent and splinter where the cop beat they way in . the original lock have be destroy and replace by a short length of chain - link hold to a padlock that 's be screw into the wall . a seal -- '' crime scene do not enter '' -- plaster like a big bandaid across the door and frame . michael stand there . listen to the silence . in he hand , the seal he take from gene . framing it -- make sure he 'il be able to replace it perfectly . he will . now he 's pull the crowbar and -- 96 int . arthur' loft -- night Dark . and then light , as the door fall open . michael at the threshold . hesitate . listen . nervous . and then he step in . close the door behind he , as -- ext . someone's Pov -~- arthur' window -- night as a light come on in Arthur 's loft . int . the ford taurus night ( cont verne and iker . it 's they Pov . two grim face . iker this just get better and better . ( verne just stare up at that window -- ) what be we do ? verne do not answer . check he watch . look back up to the window . lot of ugly wheel turn , as -- int . arthur' loft -- night time cut -- michael search -- move quietly through the space . he 's not really sure what he 's look for , so everything 's important . -- michael flipping through stack of newspaper . -- michael check a pile of photography book . -- michael at a wall cover with picture of farm . -- michael stare at the baguette pile on a chair . finally to int . arthur' loft / bathroom -- night michael at the threshold . know this be where it happen . creeped out . turn away and -- there on the floor . Arthur 's coat . michael kneel to pick up the coat . stop suddenly . something much more interesting there beside it -- '' realm and conquest '' Book one . the red cover . michael just stunne . stall . confused . 97 close -up -- the book as he begin to flip the page . and we have never see the text before . there be illustration at the start of every chapter . line drawing depict the dramatic high point of a epic quest . chapter one : the avian Warrior . chapter two : Exile of the deserter . chapter Three : summon to Conquest . Arthur have clearly read this first three chapter . Whole passage be underline . Notes scrawle here and there in the margin . page fold back . and then -- a bookmark fall out . flutter down to the floor . michael reach down to pick it up . close - up -- the bookmark . it 's a receipt . '' copy master -- you one stop for copy '' michael stare at the receipt . then the book . then the receipt . then -- voice ( 0s ) freeze ! -- michael -- totally -- completely startle -- voice ( 0s ) ( it 's behind he ) -- right there asshole ! -- get you hand up ! -- now ! -- now ! -- michael -- okay -- do not shoot -- raise hand -- voice ( come closer ) -- what 's in you hand ? -- drop it ! -- michael -- it 's just -- it 's a book ! -- voice -- drop it ! -- turn around slowly ! -- who else be here ? -- michael drop the book . turn around slowly as the SOUND of a police radio begin to rattle and -- two young nervous police officer -- gun draw -- come from the open door -- cop / voice -- I say , who else be here ? -- 98 michael -- nobody , I be alone -- cop ( to he partner ) -- check in there -- this closet -- ( to Michael ) you move I ’1ll take you head off ! michael freeze like that and the two nervous cop circle around he and police radio chatter rise and the big stink of a terrible mistake wafting through the air , as -- int . sixth precinct questioning room -- early morning michael alone with a cold cup of coffee . stare at himself in the one - way mirror . wait . finally , the door open -- det . dalberto we need the room . int . sixth precinct hallway -- early morning dalberto walk off . michael emerge from the question room . gene wait for he . absolutely furious . he want to scream but can not . wait for dalberto to disappear -- gene so you know , I now owe this scumbag and he wife -- who 's a total piece of shit in my unit -- now I owe they my ball for this . michael I be sorry , gene . you know I be . gene '' nobody 's gonna know it 's I . '' ( you asshole ) you know what happen he do not bury this ? that I give you this thing ? michael it 's bad . gene I be eighteen month away from my twenty ! you just put my pension in jeopardy ! michael you make you point . 99 gene it 's not a point ! michael who call 911 ? gene what ? michael the building 's empty . I be quiet . I be there maybe six minute . who call it in ? do that make sense to you , that happen like -- gene grab he -- jerk he close -- gene this never happen . michael hesitates . nod . impatient -- he push back -- hard -- break gene 's grip . Brothers . toe-to-toe . gene all this cop think you be a lawyer . then you get all this lawyer think you be some kind of cop . you have get everybody fool , right ? everybody but you . you know exactly what you be . michael just take it . gene back away . turn , and now he 's walk ... go . ext . village STREET -- day Morning . nyu student swarm the sidewalk . '' copy master -- you one stop for copy ! '' int . copy master -- day Big college operation . michael at the counter watch a copy kid come from the back with a heavy cardboard box . strain it to the counter . copy kid we try to call like six time , I guess you answer machine be mess up or something . we take a shot ... ( open the box ) we run out of red cover . ( hand one over ) we only have two thousand in stock , so the other thousand we do in blue . michael do not answer because -- in he hand a booklet . a bright red plastic cover . the title : summon to conquest and when he flip it open . there it be , the by-now - familiar UNITED - northfield memo # 229 in all it 's ugly splendor . michael read the memo . lose in it . as we watch the realization take shape -- how dangerous ... how sensitive ... how threaten this few sheet of paper must be . copy kid ( Michael still read ) it 's okay , right ? michael look up . daze . michael what ? yeah . it 's fine . copy kid you get a van or ... ( sense confusion ) there 's like ten box . michael right. ( force himself to rally here - -) look , I ' 11 tell you what ... ( find he wallet ) i‘1l give you fifty buck to keep the rest till the end of the week . copy kid smile . sure . michael grab that one box on the counter . turn away to exit and -- iker stand there . next in line . watch he go -- ext . sixth avenue -- day don jeffries walk with Karen 's two assistant , maude and todd and several U / NORTH executive toward the kenner , bach & ledeen office . karen on a phone call , fall behind -- karen ( call to the group ) Don ! ( more ) karen ( cont would ) ( he turn back ) you guy go ahead . i1 /’11 catch up . and they do . and karen stop there . turn -- ext . karen 's Pov / across the plaza -- day ( cont ) verne wait . watch she come . not a happy reunion . karen what be you do here ? you be leave ... verne do you know Michael Clayton ? karen from the ... yes . why ~ '' verne we have a situation . he hand she a red cover booklet . calmly check the perimeter as she open it and -- int . law firm / senior partner hallway -- day another red booklet . this one in michael 's hand . this one in motion because he 's walk and -- we 're tracking with he power central . normally it 's quiet and subdued up here , but the combination of Arthur 's death the night before and the sudden paroxysm of activity on the U / North settlement seem to have draw a crowd . michael head briskly for the central reception atrium , pass attorney and support staff cluster along the way . there 's a weepy group bunched near Arthur 's office and -- attorney # 1 ( as Michael go by ) do they find you ? michael who ? attorney # 1 marty . ( point around the corner and --) I do not think they go down yet ... michael move around the corner and into -- int . senior partner' reception area ~~ day ( cont ) thirty people -- associate , support people , attorney -- scramble over stack of presentation document -- this stuff be suppose to be ready for the U / North meeting and there 's be some sort of clerical fuck up . so now there 's twenty - five opinion on how to fix it and fifteen conversation go and nine cell phone ringing and six people on they knee go through the page and -- barry ( on a mobile phone in the middle of it all --) -- so either we cap the interest on the primary trust or somebody figure out how to split the custody fee -- ( spot Michael ) -- the audit 's mandatory , right ? -- ( cover the phone , call back over he shoulder - -) -- marty ! -- ( then the phone - -- no , just hang on ( then to Michael - - ) -- he 's be look for you -- ( then back to the phone , as - - ) michael cross the chaos to the elevator bank and -- marty you phone be off . there 's too much go on for you phone to be off . michael I need a minute . marty ( impatient , tired ) yeah well , now we be late , so ... michael we never get to finish last night . marty what have you do ? Close the place ? you look like hell . michael I leave right after you do . marty if you say so . ( check he watch ) we have be here all night . we have to make a announcement . ( turn now - -) Jean ! jeannie ! ( call to he Assistant across the way --) where 's the thing ? the envelope ? ( back to Michael ) so I want you input , but I could not get you and I have to pull the trigger . I put Bob nast and Kim -- which be probably a mistake -- they be gonna try to pull together a memorial service by the end of the week . I tell they to call you if they need help , okay ? ( distract now because Jean 's hold something up for he to see - - ) -- no , no , the other one -- ( back to Michael ) so we cut a check for you this morning , but there 's some string attach . and Barry , there 's no way around it , he 's get to be involved . michael what if Arthur be onto something ? marty what do you mean ? onto what ? michael hesitate because here 's jean , tapping she watch for marty to hurry up as she hand he a SMALL gray envelope -- michael U / North . what if Arthur be not just crazy ? what if he be right ? marty right about what ? that we be on the wrong side ? michael wrong side . wrong way . all of it . marty this be news ? we be defend cancer for crissake . the case reek from Day one . Fifteen year in , I have get to tell you how we pay the rent ? michael what would they do , though , if they think Arthur be gonna go public ? marty what would they do ? be you fuck soft ? they be do it ! ( honestly incredulous ) we do not straighten this settlement out in the next twenty - four hour , they be gonna withhold nine million dollar in fee they owe we . then they be gonna pull out the video of Arthur 's flashdance in milwaukee and sue we for legal malpractice , except there will not be anything to win because by that point the merger with London will be dead and we will be sell off the furniture . ( hand Michael the envelope now - -) that 's eighty . we be call it a bonus . you be get a three year contract at you current number . that 's assume this all work out . and now , before michael can get he foot , here come -- barry ( the envelope ) you be do this now ? marty ( the document ) be they ready ? barry almost . they be proofing . ( to Michael ) ) look , I agree to this , okay ? but there 's rule now . you want the contract , you be signing a confidentiality agreement and it 's gonna be retroactive and it 's gonna be bulletproof . because marty 's too nice to say it , but with everything you know about this place and the client and the people who work here , it make thing just a little too weird when you come in and ask for eighty grand . a nasty beat . michael stung . roiling . michael if I be gonna shake anybody down , Barry , I have come right to you . and it would not be for eighty grand . ( to marty ) be this he or you ? barry hey , if I be wrong , I apologize . michael you be wrong . you be way - the-fuck wrong . barry so there you go . marty enough . okay ? everybody . ( to Michael ) he 's a asshole . but he know it . ( to Barry ) and you be on the record . okay ? ( to both ) everybody happy ? nobody 's happy . and here 's jean with a nudge -- jean Don jeffries be in the conference room ... marty okay , we be come ... ( to Barry ) tell they to bring the paperwork down when they be ready . ( to Michael ) call Bob nast , just see if they need help with this thing ... ( start to walk away , then he stop , turn back - - ) you be welcome . michael stand there , with the envelope in one hand and the red booklet in the other . stand there watch marty and barry hustle away . all the power , all the oxygen , leave with they . the moment pass , as -- int . law firm elevator -- day Minutes later . crowd . michael , look shaky , flee the office . and the door open and -- int . build lobby day ( cont michael step off the elevator . karen only a few foot away . she 's wait to step onto another elevator car that 's also arrive . they pass within a yard of each other . both of they wrap so tight just now they never even know it . ext . '' tim be '' -- night Dark and forlorn . as we hear -- verne ( over ) mercede put this little tag ... iker ( over ) yeah , they shield that cable ... in ! the taurus night ( cont park down the block . iker on the driver 's side . verne beside he , hold a schematic draw . several bag and box in the back and -- verne +.. there 's room here for the kel ... ( the schematic ) ... once you tap into he gps just make sure it 's flush , we be pack the charge in the backseat armrest . iker can I see it ? ( verne open the box , very carefully - -) could you make it any uglier ? verne it 's a work of art . iker who make this ? verne Russian mafia . albanian try to look like Russian mafia . it 's as far from the other thing as we can get . iker nod . verne carefully take the box back . int . '' tim be '' bar / dine room -- night michael sit on the bar watch zabel open a bank envelope . just the two of they . zabel you say twelve ... ( check in hand ) this be seventy - five . michael do not get too excited . ( a bottle of vodka ) you want a drink ? zabel I be work . ( watch Michael serve himself ) so we be square then . no bad blood . michael just do you job , right ? zabel that 's it . michael everybody 's get a job to do . zabel like it or not , right ? michael like it or not . zabel walk . michael alone in the dark , dead bar . int . chinatown card room -- night a basement hideaway on a slow night . we be back where we start . michael at the table with the plumber , the dealer and the two other player . michael check . player # 2 I go like that . check . the plumber start to peel bill off he flashroll , as -- ext . doyer ST . -- night Chinatown late . cold. quiet . iker walk up to the mercede . he 's hold a remote unit . press it once . nothing . again . nothing . third time 's the charm . light flash as the alarm disable and -- 108 int . law firm lady room toilet stall -- night karen crowder -- exactly where we first meet she -- sit fully dress on the john . hiding here . try to fight off a panic attack use a breathe exercise she read about in a airline magazine . lose the battle , as -- int . chinatown card room -- night michael post he blind -- plumber so you bar , what happen ? just have to be in show biz , right ? int . the taurus -- night park just down the block from the card room . verne at t he wheel . eye scan . operational energy . int . the mercede -- night ( cont iker hard at it -- something not fitting under the dashboard -- he 's struggle -- sweat -- bingo -- he 's get it -- int . chinatown card room -- night michael away from the table now , over by the metal detector . he 's just pull he pager out of the shitty plastic basket , try to read the message and -- plumber ( from the table ) what be you do ? you just get here . michael start put stuff into he pocket and -- plumber guy play nine hand and walk away ? what would I do ? I scare you away ? int . the mercede -- night iker into the backseat now -- cut open the armrest -- int . chinatown freight elevator -~- night ascend . michael leave in a hurry . strap on he rolex , try to read the pager and -- int . the mercede ~~ night iker -- he 's a machine -- pull the bomb from a bag -- one hand wedge open the hole he 's cut in the armrest -- try to get the thing in there and -- int . chinatown card room hallway -- night a doorman wait as michael step off the elevator and -- int . the taurus -- night verne -- see michael -- grab the radio -- verne -- abort ! -- abort ! -- he 's out -- he 's on route -- abort ! -- int . the mercede ~~ night iker -- not quite do -- fuck -- slapping the armrest back into place and -- ext . pell st./ chinatown night michael on the street -- on the phone -- head up the block toward doyer Street and the mercede -- michael ( walk and talk ) walter ? walter ( phone / over ) '' Michael -- thank God , there you be . I have a problem -- big problem -- '' int . the mercede ~~ night iker -- close up shop -- grab he supplies -- fast -- verne ( radio / over ) '' -- get out of there ! -- '' ext . pell st./ chinatown -- night michael still on the phone -- on the way -- michael -- just now ? walter ( phone / over ) '' -- I do not know -- ten , fifteen minute ago -- he be drive home -- '' ext . doyer ST . -- night iker out of the mercede -- close the door -- hit he remote unit -- light flash as the alarm go on and -- ext . corner of pell and doyer -- night michael just turn onto doyer Street -- pull he remote security pendant and -- walter ( phone / over ) '' -- he do not kill he -- he see he get up -- try to get up -- '' up the STREET -- the mercede -- light flash as the alarm disable and -- michael -- be he drunk ? walter '' -- no that 's the first thing I ask he -- no , he 's sober -- '' int . the taurus -- night verne fire up the engine and -- ext . chinatown -~- night iker walk away toward Canal Street and -- int . the mercede ~~ night michael jam the car into gear -- peel out into the street and -- ext . chinatown -- night iker turn as the mercede go fly past -- just make the light -- squirting out onto Canal Street and -- int . the taurus -- night verne skid the taurus to a stop -- door fly open -- iker jump in beside he -- and they be off again -- verne -- be we good ? -- iker -- it 's in -- I do not know -- I have no time -- I could not check it -- verne -- where the hell 's he go ? -- get that laptop up -- find he -- ext . west side highway -- night the mercede speed North -- int . the mercede ~~ night michael try to drive and mess with the gps unit on he dashboard . something 's wrong with it . he 's tapping on it and the screen be flicker on and off ... fuck it . he slap the gps away -- step on the gas and -- ext . the west side highway -- night the taurus in pursuit -- int . the taurus -- night verne drive . iker work a laptop computer -- iker ( tapping on the keyboard ) -- it 's he gps -- it 's in and out -- he 's up there somewhere -- verne good news be he 's head out of town . ext . west side highway -- night the mercede racing North toward the bridge , as we -- dissolve to ext . westchester mansion driveway -- night / pre-dawn the westchester mansion driveway . four hour later . just before dawn . michael lean against the mercede , munch on the stale baguette that 's be in he car since Saturday . look over as -- jerry dante come walk out of the house . jerry he 's change he shirt ... ( pull a cigarette as he wander over - -) I talk to my guy at the State Police barrack . better we go over there and surrender and they can tell the town ( more ) jerry ( cont would ) cop to kiss off . ( lighting up , as - -) ext . country road -- night / pre -dawn the taurus park on the shoulder of that quiet two - lane outside the mansion gate . the hood be up . verne stand there pretend that something 's wrong with the motor and -- int . the taurus -- night / pre-dawn ( cont ) iker stare at he laptop , when suddenly -- iker we get power -- it 's on ! -- it just go on ! -- verne slamm the hood shut -- rush around -- verne let 's make sure he 's alone . ext . mansion driveway / country road -- night / pre -dawn the mercede speed away from the house -- int . the taurus -- night / pre-dawn verne and iker not ready -- the mercede tear ass out into the road -- speed off in the other direction and -- verne fuck ! iker I could not see -- do you see ? -- verne he go the wrong way ! iker go ! -- go ! -- ext . westchester country road -- night / pre-dawn the mercede racing along . int . the mercede -- night / pre-dawn michael escape . driving wild . and this time around we know what 's in he head . definitely run from more than Mr. greer and Jerry Dante . int . the taurus -- night / pre-dawn verne drive hard . iker direct off the laptop screen -- iker -- right -- he take a right ! -- verne -- which one -- there 's -- iker -- now he 's -- verne -- which right ? -- int . the mercede -- night / pre-dawn michael -- turn again -- aimless -- window open -- cold air whipping through -- brake suddenly -- impulsive -- turn -- suddenly -- faster now and -- int . the taurus -- night / pre-dawn mounting panic . military style . iker -- I do not know -- it 's a leave -- verne -- I do not have a leave ! -- iker -- turn -- turn -- turn around ! -- verne slamm on the brake and -- ext . country road / the field -- dawn the mercede skid to a stop . pull back to reveal the huge OPEN pasture . surrounded by forest . the sun just start to rise . cold mist hang over the whole valley . nothing but gray and green . Stark . perfect . int . the taurus -- dawn verne and iker be lose . all system fail . iker ( point at the screen ) -- he 's stop -- verne -- where ? -- iker -- I do not know -- we be close -- I have get signal , but -- verne -- let I see it -- ext . the field -- dawn michael out of the car . jumping the fence . walk into the field . behind he , the mercede with the engine run . the three horse poise at the crest of the pasture . hanging in the fog like ghost . watch michael come toward they . michael 's face as he walk . everything that 's happen writ large in this eye . everything he 's do wrong . all the thing he have not do . wound and weary and humble by the abundance of he inadequacy . it be to weep ... and finally he stop . just stand there . int . the taurus -- dawn still stop there where we leave they . verne now with the laptop -- iker scan out the window -- verne -- we be on the other side -- iker -- we go past it -- verne -- it 's just over this hill -- iker -- but he 's stop -- verne -- gimme the box -- give it ! -- ext . the field -- dawn michael stand there . the horse . the fog . the wood . the mercede explode ! the horse already run before michael can turn back -- piece of the car that have be blow into the sky still raining down before he 's fully grasp what 's happen -- 115 michael simply shocked . senseless . stand there freeze . stun . the car -- he car -- be go -- replace by a skeletal shell of fire -- smoke plume -- little follow - up explosion pop every couple second . michael look around . look back . he should be dead . he be not . and now , as the reality of that sink in , as the smell of burn car finally reach he , we can see the confusion drain away . all that staggered chaos in Michael 's eye suddenly replace with steel . he should be dead . he be not . and now he 's walk . toward the car . walk faster . determined . he start run -- run toward the fire and -- ext . the nearby road dawn the parked taurus . erne and iker stand there -- ext . there Pov -- dawn cloud of smoke rise over the hill just in front of they . thick black smoke wafting up above the fog , as -- ext . field / road / burning car -- day michael come toward the car . glancing around to make sure he 's alone . wiping away at the smoke to get close . recoil as another little explosion fuel the flame and he 's throw thing into the burn frame of the car ! the rolex . his cell phone . his belt . a ring . throw in anything that might survive the fire and -- ext . the nearby road day verne and iker have see enough . verne better check it out . ext . field / road / wood -- day michael do throw shit into the car . one last look around and now he 's run . up into the wood . scramble up the mountain , toward the trestle , into the sun , as ... int . the law firm conference room -- day forty people -- attorney -- assistant -- paralegals -- accountants -- karen -- marty -- don jeffries -- all sit 116 absolutely silent amidst the debris of a eighteen hour work session . all eye on -- barry hunch over a phone . listen and listen and ... barry ( finally ) I ' 1l tell he .... of course ... you too ... 1’11 check back . and now he 's hang up the phone . turn to the room . barry we have a deal . a beat . and then someone start to clap . and someone else . and then they be all applauding -- marty -- don jeffries -- barry -- happy warrior all -- and as the backslapp and smile keep building . the camera find karen hesitate . but only a moment . because it 's easier then to join the party than not . smiling now . her tight smile . but be she let it in , or force it out ? ext . westchester strip mall parking lot -- day a beat - to-shit chevy caprice rumble into the lot . stop there . michael walk from a pay phone . he 's wear new sneaker , new parka , knit hat pull low . get in and -- int . the caprice day ( cont timmy behind the wheel . quiet . tentative . michael ( look over ) what ? timmy thanks , mick. michael just get I out of here . timmy nod . drop the car in gear , and -- int . law firm mini - conference room -~- day Glass box . brini , jeff gaffney , and two associate in the middle of a meeting . look over as -- partner ( at the door ) do you hear ? gaffney yeah , they close U / North . partner no , about Michael Clayton ... gaffney what ? partner car bomb . upstate . this morning . he be kill . gaffney what ? someone in the hallway , call the partner away from the door and gaffney rush out to join the conversation and -- first associate Holy shit ... second associate who 's Michael Clayton ? ( turn to - - ) brini . but she will not answer . implode . holding herself . Hand to she mouth . press back against the tear that be come no matter what she do , as we -- int . new york HOTEL bathroom -- day karen at the mirror . still wet from the shower -- karen ... there have be a series of overture from the plaintiff dating back ... ( try it again ) over the past several month we would get word that the plaintiff be consider settlement number ... int . new york HOTEL grand ballroom -- day a rush meeting . thirty people -- U / NORTH boardmembers and primary stockholders -- seat in a room that could hold three hundred . everyone have a information packet and a copy of the lawsuit deal memo . security guard man the door . and up front , address the assemble -- karen ( smile and confident ) -- we would also discover that they legal fee be cap at thirty - two percent of the judgement up to four hundred million , and drop to twenty - four percent after that , so we know there be this motivational dead zone in the middle for they ... int . new york HOTEL bedroom -- day karen try to choose a suit -- karen ..- it be also at this time that ... ( reset ) we have a meeting in June with the finance team and ... ( try again ) we be inform by we finance team , last June that they have run the number and that the benefit ... int . new york HOTEL grand ballroom -- day they be eat out of she hand . karen +.- that the tax benefit -- if we could keep the settlement under six - hundred million and get it do this fiscal year -- that the write - off would essentially pay for itself . int . new york HOTEL bathroom -- day karen at the mirror put on makeup . karen we have negotiate ...requested ...we ... ( catch she reflection and almost lose it for a moment --) int . new york HOTEL grand ballroom -- day the ballroom . she 's roll now -- karen we have insisted that kenner , bach & ledeen cap it 's fee at fifty million and we anticipate no further legal fee in the close of this settlement . ( more ) karen ( cont would ) ( pause for triumph ) the package you have before you represent , in my judgement , the very strongest possible position for we company under the circumstance . as Chief counsel it be my recommendation that the proposal be confirm . and she 's do . and it 's go very , very well . many happy prosperous face . don jeffries thank you , Karen . ( take over now ) if you could just give we a few minute to talk it over ... karen ( with a smile ) ) I ' 1l be right outside . ext . HOTEL ballroom foyer -- day the big , weird hub of three different huge reception room . Wall - to - wall carpet . chair stack in distant corner . empty . karen walk off she excitement . stand there . catch she reflection in a wall of mirror . and then ... michael ( 0s ) how have it go ? she turn . stops. blink . freezes . michael pretty freaky , huh ? ( he 's come toward she ) you see Arthur ? he 's hang around here somewhere ... she 's just paralyze . he 's carry one of that copy - shop box . michael hey , I be kid ... ( he smile ) C ’mon . lighten up . he drop the box . pull out a red-covered booklet . 120 michael you have one of this ? ( offer it ) great memo . a oldie but a goodie . ( she do not move ) get you heart racing , do not I ? karen I do not know what you think you be do ... michael what do you think I be do ? karen the suit be over . we have a deal . this ... ( the memo ) whatever this be , it 's meaningless at this point . michael you think ? ( so enjoy this ) I must have get it wrong . I hear you have a tentative proposal . I do not realize you would write all that check already . what a drag ... ( the box ) I have get thousand of this thing , what the hell be I gonna do ? karen I be call marty ... michael do it . call he . that 's a great place to start . l let 's find out who tell he Arthur be call Anna kysersun . let 's find out who tapped that phone . karen +.- this ... this memorandum ... even if it be authentic -- which I doubt -- I highly doubt ... michael I know what you do to Arthur . karen ... even if it be , it would belong to U / North , it would be protect ... 121 michael I know you kill he . karen +.. this be a cut - and -dry case of attorney - client privilege ! michael see that 's just ... ( here come the steam ) that 's just not the way to go here , Karen . for such a smart person , you be lose , be not you ? you have get the move , but you do not hear the music . karen ( back away ) ... this conversation ... this be over . michael I be not a guy you kill ! I be the guy you buy ! ( that stop she cold ) be you so fuck blind you do not see what I be ? I be the easiest part of you whole problem and you be gonna kill I ? do not you know who I be ? I be a fixer ! I be a bagman ! I do everything from shoplift wife to bent congressman and you be gonna blow I up ? what do you need , Karen ? Lay it on I . you want a carry permit ? need a head - up on a insider trading subpoena ? need someone 's name erase from a escort service list ? get a rich kid bust for dope ? somebody beat up they mistress ? ( wide open ) I sell out Arthur for eighty grand and a three - year contract and you be gonna kill I ? karen ( barely ) what do you want ? michael what do I want ? I want more . I want out ! and now , with this ...... ( the memo ) I want everything . karen be there a number ? 122 michael ten be the number . karen ten what ? ten million ? ( incredulous ) where do you think I can get ten million dollar ? michael you know what 's so great about this ? ( the memo ) do you read to the end ? you see who sign it ? let 's go in that ballroom and ask Don jeffries if he want to pass the hat for a worthy cause . karen be reeling . she can hardly breathe . karen this ... it would have to be a longer conversation ... and someplace else ... michael where ? my car ? ( on she hard now ) let 's make it easy . let 's call it five to forget about Arthur 's murder . karen five be easier . ( hopeful for a moment ) that would be something that we might be able to do . five could work . michael great . and the other five million be to forget about the four-hundred - and - sixty - eight people who get wipe out by you weedkiller . karen let I finish this meeting . let I talk to don. let I ... michael do I look like I be negotiate ? across the room -- the door to the ballroom open and -- don jeffries ( all smile ) Karen ... 123 karen ( over she shoulder ) one second . don jeffries ( step out ) ... everything okay ? karen ( to Michael ) yes . michael ten million . off shore . Bank of my choose . immediately . karen yes . michael say it . karen ten million dollar . you bank . as soon as this meeting be over . michael hesitates . she 's serious . it 's he . ten million . don jeffries ( insistent now ) Karen , everyone 's wait ... karen I be come ! ( back to Michael - - ) so you ... i’1l just ...we ... michael you be so fuck . karen Excuse I ? michael you be fuck . it 's over . ( he pocket , he phone , flip open , like it 's on --) karen what do you mean ? michael take a wild guess . 124 don jeffries ( come toward they ) be there a problem ? karen I do not understand ... michael ( the phone ) want I to take a picture while I be at it ? karen ( small and faraway ) you do not want the money ...? michael keep it . you be gonna need it . don jeffries be this fellow bother you ? michael ( to Karen ) I think I x11 let you tell he . she can not make sense -- swamp -- lose -- don jeffries Karen , I have get the whole board sit in there . what the hell be go on ? ( wheeling on Michael ) who be you ? michael I be shiva the God of death . michael start to walk away and -- don jeffries ron ! ronny ! ( yell back toward the ballroom - -) I need security out here immediately . ( turn because - -) dalberto and two other detective be come quickly from one of the distant empty ballroom and -- don jeffries here we go ... ( think they be part of he team - -) that guy , right there -- stop he -- ( more ) 125 don jeffries ( cont would ) grab that guy ! ( but they do not ) what be you do ? ( totally confuse now because - -) two security guard be jogging out of the ballroom and -- dalberto slow down , guy ... ( flash he badge ) Police Department . n.y.p.d . don jeffries what ? karen just drift to the floor and -- michael walk away . leave chaos in he wake . there 's don jeffries still carry on and dalberto try to calm he down . U / NORTH boardmembers spilling out of the ballroom to see what 's go on . karen sit there on the floor in shock like some sort of accident victim . finally gene wait by the exit . watch michael come toward he . headphone around he neck make it clear he 's be listen to the whole thing . gene you okay ? they trade a look . michael have just tear off he skin . nake to the world . michael I need some air . gene sure , just ... stay close . michael nod . walk away , as we -- ext . sixth avenue -- day rush hour . michael walk -- walk toward the park -- walk through the sea of people and face , as we begin to hear the craze , manic voice of -- 126 arthur edens ( v.0 . ) Michael . look at I , Michael . look at I and make believe . make believe it 's not just madness . because it 's not just madness ... tail credit begin -- arthur edens ( v.0 . ) ... I mean , yes -- okay , yes -- element of madness -- the speed of madness -- yes , the occasional , euphoric , pseudo- hallucinatory moment that , yes -- fine -- agree -- distracting -- nostalgic -- all of that -- but that 's just the package -- the plate -- think of it as a tax -- the mania tax -- the insanity tax -- or like advertising on tv -- it 's the freight -- the weight -- it 's the price of the show ... as we fade out and ... the end