int . SMALL bathroom —- early morning tight on a bottle of '' draakar noir cologne . then tight on two eye . slowly widen out to reveal stevie , 12 . caucasian , thin and child like , stevie stand shirtless in the mirror . his thin frame , hairless arm pit and the sun hit he baby face make it so he could pass for a eleven year old . he be extremely nervous , look at himself in the mirror . he then focus he attention to something on the counter and get more nervous . he be look at the bottle of cologne . his eye dart back and forth at the bottle and the mirror . he start pace a little bit . finally he stop , look at the bottle , take a deep breath , and lightning fast grab the bottle of cologne . he spray himself five time rapidly and then clumsily and nervously rush the bottle back in its place . he exhales loudly and look at himself in the mirror . his face look almost expressionless but inside he be think " I do it . it 's do . let 's get out of here . " int . narrow hallway —- moment later stevie walk the narrow hallway of he house with he head down . his brother ian , 17 , walk towards he down the hallway with he head down . Ian be thicker , taller , and look a few year older than he be . they pass each other silently like prison inmate in the hall but it be so narrow they graze shoulder ever so slightly . neither of they make any sort of gesture to one and other . once Ian be a few step past stevie he head raise . his face change to confusion mix with annoyance . he recognize the scent on stevie . without a moment 's notice Ian run at stevie lightning fast and start beat the shit out of he . the only sound we hear be the sound of slap and punch hit flesh in rapid succession . no vocal noise be make or exchange except for mute grunt from both party . the beat 's not horrific , but be definitely crossing the line of uncomfortably violent . it 's ugly to watch . whipping around the corner of the hallway like a bat out of hell be they mother , dabney , 36 . she be wear a baggy T - shirt and baggy sweatpant . she be scream and , in the blink of a eye , be tangle up in the violence attempt to stop the beat . she be now hit and slapping Ian in the same manner he be hit stevie . Ian get up in a flash without say a word ... and be go . revision 2 . stevie and dabney sit exhaust across from each other in the hallway , they back against the wall , breathe insanely heavily , and not say a word for what seem like forever . stevie get up , walk over to dabney and slump back down next to she . they sit close . she put she hand on he face . with he eye he tell she he be okay . she apologize with she eye . CUT wide as they continue to breathe heavily . CUT to : title card : ( this will be a image of the word key into the back of a Los Angeles public bus seat ) : mid 90 's close on puma 's with the fat lace pedaling a bike rapidly . ext . palm neighborhood - morning we widen out and see stevie riding he bike through the palm area of Los Angeles . he have he headphone on and a mid 90 's hip sop song play . he be wear a oversize white T-shirt and baggy jeans . he gently nod he head to the song . we pass by liquor store , auto body shop , taco truck , a store call ultimate that have not yet open for the day . he continue to nod he head and ride he bike when all of the sudden the song start skip on one of the song 's lyric . it keep repeat as stevie pull over and stop he bike . he pull out a beat up discman and handle it with extreme care like a priceless jewel . he be freak out something be wrong with it . close on discman as he shake it and hit the " play / pause " button rapidly . we hear breathe and the noise of the CD reloading and then all of the sudden the song kick back in where it leave off and stevie be riding again , nodd he head . ext . palm middle school stevie ride up to palm middle school . he lock up he bike against a chain link fence . ext . stairwell —- lunch stevie sit with he two friend , randon , 13 ( a obese white kid ) & CHRIS , 13 ( rail thin white kid with brace ) . revision 3 . they sit in the stairwell . stevie use he shirt to clean he discman thoroughly . randon and Chris play with pog , little circular paper disc that you stack up and hit with a metal " slammer " . the pog that turn over be keep by the person who throw down the " slammer " . randon yessssssss !!! randon gather up all of he new pog . CHRIS fuckin ' motherfuckin ' cunt-pussy . randon and the '' special edition green pounder '' slammer ! Chris reluctantly hand the slammer to randon . CHRIS that 's my favorite fuck slammer ! fuck ! I need a do -over . randon no do -over 's ! ( smile proudly ) you 'il have a chance to win it back tonight . Chris stare dagger at randon . randon realize he say something he should not have . stevie think for a second . stevie oh , be you guy hang out tonight ? randon and Chris share a uncomfortable look . CHRIS yeah ... randon be gonna sleep at my house . you be welcome to come hang out for a while . stevie ( sense something be weird ) okay ... CHRIS it 's just ... my mom say I could only have one friend sleep over . or whatever . stevie take this in . this clearly hurt he very much . stevie oh. beat . CHRIS I wish there be something I could do . stevie ( this be hard to ask / almost pathetic ) could you , like , ask she again maybe ? like , if that 's not weird ? Chris do not know what to say . it 's uncomfortable . Chris and stevie uncomfortably avoid eye contact . stevie ( cont 'd ) ( very leave out ) well ... CHRIS randon and I have already talk about it , like , Monday or whatever . stevie be quiet . hurt . randon ( very well intentioned ) you should still come and hang out and play pog . CHRIS yeah , and then just go home when it 's time to go to sleep or whatever ? stevie be hurt and can not figure out what to say . silence . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ( change subject ) it 's you turn . stevie stand up and begin to walk away . beat of revision 5 . ext . palm middle school - moment later stevie unlock he bike . he breathes in five time deeply and grab the chain link fence with both hand , double over and ram the top of he head into it like a bull . he smushes the top of he head and part of he face as hard as he can into the fence until he can not take it anymore . he remove he head but keep he hand interlocked on the fence . he smushes he head until he exhaust himself . ext . palm neighborhood - afternoon stevie ride he bike down the street , listen to he discman , the battery die and the song abruptly stop . he stop he bike to see if he can fix the music situation . he hear the sound of skateboard wheel roll on concrete , wood slapping on concrete and laughter and shit talk of teenager . he turn to see what he be hearing . from across the street outside of the ultimate skate shop , stevie see ruben alvarez ( 13 , skinny mexican kid ) , fuckshit ( 17 , skinny black kid with a shave head ) , FOURTH grade ( 15 , white kid with long hair and a flannel ) , jorge silva , ( 18 , handsome mexican kid who look like a real athlete ) , skate outside the shop . there be a boom box play hip hop music . ruben be on the ground with a bar of wax , waxing up the curb . the other be do flip trick and olly and 180 's on the sidewalk out front of the shop . the curb be do be wax and the skater start riding up and grind and do board slide on the wax up curb . some fall hard onto the street while other narrowly avoid be hit by car . they be crack joke and laugh at each other 's expense the whole time lovingly . fourth grade film they do they trick . stevie watch this whole scene go down . close on stevie 's face watching . close on cigarettes be lit by skater . close on stevie' eye . jorge land a perfect nose blunt on the curb and land perfectly . the crew of skater go nut celebrate and slapping they board on the ground . slow motion shot of the crew run up to he and celebrate he victory . rubbing of he hair and bro-hug continue in the slow motion celebration . fuckshit shake he head like '' that be dope '' and can not not give jorge a pound . jorge try to look at the playback . fourth grade whip the camera away . FOURTH grade nuh uh . no peek . no one see anything ' till the whole thing be do . jorge come on ! stevie clock this respect and affection between they . fuckshit ( regard jorge ) do not worry , you do not wanna see that sloppy shit anyway , nigga . jorge ha ! you wish you be landing that ! ruben laugh . fuckshit I do not know what you be laugh at ? I only see you landing kickflip with one foot like a bitch ! the crew laugh . ruben ( embarrassed ) I land ‘em on carpet every time . the crew let out a '' come on '' noise . fuckshit maybe we can have the city pave all the sidewalk with carpet for you , nigga ! the crew all laugh . ruben be use to this treatment . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) go back in the store and unpack the box of hoodies . fuckshit playfully push ruben into the store . ruben run in to do what be ask of he . the crew pay and leave the store . slow motion of stevie watch this . his face be fill with a almost smile . 7 . the sound of the skater 's joy fade out as the sound of the clinking of silverware against plate fade up . dabney ( 0.s. ) you be eat too fast . int . stevie 's house - dinner table - evening stevie and dabney be mid conversation . there be a third place set with untouched food and a vacant chair . stevie ( embarrassed ) sorry . dabney ( without even think ) you look sloppier than you be when you do that . stevie feel shame . he put he silverware down and sit up straighter . beat . beat . dabney ( cont 'd ) any - way . dabney ( cont 'd ) I have not call that guy Todd back . stevie look up . she need he to listen . stevie oh . dabney he 's nice and everything but I feel like a third date say a lot . stevie do you think you may like he ? dabney he 's fine . he 's nice . I be attract to he and all . it 's just ... I do not know . I do not have a lot of time as it be . and I like to spend that time with you . stevie smile and look down . neither of they realize the oddness of this dynamic . dabney ( cont 'd ) you be the only person I do not get sick of . they both giggle a little . beat . dabney ( cont 'd ) how be school ? stevie ( uncomfortable / distraught sigh ) I do not know . dabney what happen ? stevie I do not know . randon and Chris be have a sleepover or whatever . dabney ( quickly / guilt provoking ) oh and you want to have a sleepover with they ? I would not have cook if that be what you want to do ... so that 's what you want to do ? ( with guilt ) that 's fine . Fine . stevie ( stop she ) no. no. Chris 's mom say only one of they could sleep over and I guess Chris choose randon or whatever . dabney slam she fork down . dabney what ?! stevie look down . dabney ( cont 'd ) I have have that little shit , no offense , over here so many time , how dare she make you feel that way ? stevie it 's fine . dabney ( sweetly to stevie ) it be fine . you know why ? because you and I be go to have so much more fun here than ... randon and Chris be go to have . it 's a good thing if you think about it , because we get to have a amazing night together . stevie want to say more about how this hurt he but , he swallow it . he eat more of he food quickly . dabney ( cont 'd ) slow down . dabney put he fork down and look into stevie 's eye . dabney ( cont 'd ) you get to watch whatever you want tonight . beat . stevie ( hide pain ) yeah . we will have more fun together . she put she hand on stevie 's face . dabney ( sincere ) you do not deserve to feel shitty . stevie look down and smile with he face still in the palm of she hand . Ian enter and break up this moment . Ian clock this sweet moment . he keep it inside , but he clearly notice they affection for each other . they notice Ian enter . stevie stiffen up and gather some courage . stevie ( very nervously try ) hey . Ian do not acknowledge stevie . this hurt stevie . Ian quickly pick up he plate of food and walk away . dabney ( call out to Ian ) do you want to eat in here ?! 10 . Ian walk into he bedroom and slam the door . loud hip hop music play muffle through the door . slow push in on the door vibrate . back at the table dabney look upset . stevie look hurt . stevie look down at he food . he can not figure out word to say . beat . dabney ( cont 'd ) he 's just ... ( search for word ) so angry with I ... ( think out loud ) I be figure all this out as I go . ( a bit sad ) I do not know . stevie feel uncomfortable hearing he mom say she do not know what she 's do . she clock stevie 's discomfort and lighten thing up . dabney ( cont 'd ) ( where do the time go ? ) he turn eighteen this week . ( beat . crack a smile ) benihana . stevie almost smile . dabney ( cont 'd ) ( very dead pan ) should be a blast . they both let out a little laugh . take the pressure off . wide shot on they eating dinner . int . dabney ’'s bedroom - later that night dabney lay in bed in a oversize T-shirt with a blank expression watch the 0.j. simpson trial on television . stevie sit on the floor at the foot of she bed watch with she . int . stevie 's bedroom - later a jerky boy prank call play on the stevie 's stereo over the scene . '' teenage mutant ninja turtles '' figure and Micro Machine mini car be strewn all over the floor and desk . 11 . a '' Street fighter 2 '' poster , a '' NBA jam '' poster , a bo Jackson poster , and a '' ducktale '' poster hang on the wall . '' dinosaur '' play on a tiny tv in the background on mute . the baby from '' dinosaur '' hit the Father dinosaur with a pan . stevie stand in front of he mirror in he underwear . he examine the bruise on he arm and chest from he fight with Ian this morning . he stare into the mirror . close ups on the bruise . close up on stevie 's eye take they in . he 's not sad or even angry . they be badge of honor . like a soldier 's war wound . int . stevie 's bedroom - later stevie hear the front door open . he look out the window to see Ian get in he car and drive away . he bolt out of he room . int . ian be room - continuous stevie burst into Ian 's room . he do not know how much time he have . Ian 's room be a ocd wet dream . so clean and fill with a teenage obsessive collection . Ian 's room be cover with east coast hip hop poster ( nas , o.c. , brand nubian , Pete rock and c.l. smooth , Grand puba , gang Starr , etc. ) and ton and ton of CD organize perfectly in alphabetical order . stevie delicately inspect they like a archeologist inspect a bone . he notice the name of the album and rapper . he pull a pen and piece of paper from he pocket and begin write down some of the name of the rapper . stevie brushes he hand gently over the rack of hip hop CD . he carefully pull one out like it 's a museum . he put it in he prize discman . he sit indian style on the floor with he back to camera nodd he head to the music . he be enjoy hearing this music so much . learn who Ian be . learn about the world of hip hop . hold on stevie from behind nodd he head . after a long beat , stevie hear a noise ! he scramble to put the CD he be listen to back in its case . he run out of Ian 's room and into he room . int . stevie 's bedroom —- continuous he breathes heavy , almost hyperventilate . he be safe , but still need a minute to calm down . 12 . int . SAM goody music store - the next day stevie approach a female employee , 20 , who be stand in the '' hip hop '' CD aisle . stevie Excuse I . female employee how can I help you ? stevie I need to buy a birthday gift for someone . female employee okay . what be you think ? stevie he have really , really good taste in music . in hip hop . female employee ( smile ) okay . stevie pull out he list of rapper . she look stevie he probably have all the good one already . at the list and smile at the cute - ness of it . stevie ( cont 'd ) but if I could , like , get a really good one that he do not have yet ... that would be really cool . she look up from the list . she have a idea . she pull a CD off the rack and hand it to stevie . female employee do he have this ? it just come out two day ago . stevie look and it 's '' labcabincalifornia '' by the pharcyde . stevie 's eye widen and he smile while look at it . stevie ( so excited ) he do not have this . I do not see this one . he do not have it . ( serious but excited ) ( more ) revision 13 . stevie ( cont 'd ) like people who know a lot about hip hop would like this ? and you be sure it 's like , really cool ? female employee ( smile ) yes , I be sure . stevie ( smile ) thank you . wide shot of stevie in line as he pull out he chain wallet and have barely enough money for the CD . ext . palm street - afternoon stevie get catch at a red light on he bike . as he wait for the light to turn green , he see two ten -year-old start squirting each other with nerf Super soaker water gun . slow motion on the kide as they be have the time of they life . laugh . this kid be only two year young , but they seem in a different stage of life than stevie . he be snap out of he reflection by see the skate crew , from the day before , skate by as a crew weaving in and out of car . this look like the coolest thing he have ever see . they seem like such badass , but they be all interconnected even though they be not verbally communicate . they fly past stevie , leave he alone . ext / int . stevie 's garage - late afternoon stevie rummages through the messy garage . he find what he be look for ! his brother 's warpe , old 1980 body skateboard . the body of the skateboard be bigger , bulkier and '' neon '' - er than the board he see the crew from the bodega hold and skate on . the board have a giant , neon dinosaur scream '' cowabunga '' on it . it 's cheesy as hell but to stevie it 's beautiful . he roll the board back and forth under he foot a few time . the concrete outside he house be smooth . he put he foot on the board and push on the board sloppily with he other foot . he ride on it for a few foot , then jump off . he do the same thing again . he do the same thing ... slam ! he fall on the grass . he 's shocked , but okay . the grass keep he from really hurt himself . 14 . quick flash of the skate crew skating on there board do trick . quick cut of stevie push and roll on he board . sometimes he jump off and sometimes he fall off . stevie carefully put the board back exactly where it be in the garage . int . stevie 's bathroom - later stevie look at himself in the mirror as he practice a monologue very meticulously and nervously like Luca brasi in the beginning of '' the godfather '' . stevie ( mutter to himself ) hey Ian . I be so sorry to bother you ... I see you old skateboard in the garage . I notice that you never use it ... hi Ian . I be think that maybe there be a trade that could be make for something of mine that you ... oh hey Ian . I do not see you there . I know my stuff suck but ... hi Ian ... stevie breathes out nervously . he clenches he fist . he do not want to blow this . stevie ( cont 'd ) hey Ian . sorry to bother you ... stevie close he eye and take a deep breath . int . stevie 's bedroom - later low angle shot from the floor up to stevie and ian . Ian and stevie stare into camera for a long beat of silence . stevie look incredibly nervous and be perspire . Ian look intense into the camera , think hard . a shot of the skateboard face up on stevie 's floor . ian how much cash you get ? stevie I ... I do not have any ... ian why ? revision 15 . stevie I spend it ... on something ... ian ( shake he head ) Fucking dumb fuck . ( think ) I ' 1l trade you for you discman . stevie 's face be confuse and shocked . this be a massive ask . Way bigger than he could have expect . stevie ( very timid ) well. ( beat / look down ) it 's just that ... I use my discman ... all the time ... or whatever ... ( beat / nervously look down ) and mom get it for I for my birthday ... and Christmas ... or whatever ... ian ( sharply ) I do not need to do this . Ian bend down to grab the board . stevie wait ! wait ! Ian stand back up . stevie ( cont 'd ) it 's the one thing in the world I can not trade . I be begging you . anything else . literally anything . Ian think about this . we see in Ian 's face he be go to completely fuck stevie over on this deal . ian ( icy ) you do not even know about music , anyway . this hurt stevie . beat . CUT to : revision 16 . moment later stevie hand ian 10 super nintendo game . all the good one . '' STREET fighter 2 '' , '' f- zero '' etc . stevie 's face be elate with he new board . he face slowly turn to confusion over the possibly terrible deal he may have just be manipulate into . ext . stevie 's house - a little later stevie obsessively practice on he new board . he can glide pretty much every time without fall off . over and over and over again . ext . stevie 's house - that evening stevie , dabney and Ian exit the house . Ian , stevie and dabney wear they '' fancy clothes '' . the boy in baggy polo shirt and baggy khakis . dabney in a dress . stevie have the CD he buy for Ian , crudely wrap in newspaper . there be two car park out front . Ian and dabney walk towards they own car . stevie gather up some courage and walk towards Ian 's car . stevie ( regard the gift ) I get you ... he barely take two step towards Ian 's car as ... ian ( sharply grumble ) go with mom . stevie jump back like a scared puppy . Ian hustle to he car and get in . stevie slowly shuffles towards dabney 's car disappointed . int . benihana restaurant - night dabney , Ian and stevie sit at a group table at benihana with stranger fill out the rest of the table . a young white couple , 30 , and a african american man , 64 , and he grandson , 11 . the benihana chef be do he thing on the grill . it be quiet amongst the three of they as they watch . it 's a uncomfortable dinner . stevie have the CD he buy on the table with he hand on top of it . dabney ( to Ian ) at my eighteenth birthday party I be breast feed you . 17 . the boy say nothing . it 's a uncomfortable image for all party . dabney ( cont 'd ) ( to herself almost ) I be a baby who have a baby . Jesus , could you imagine if you have a baby right now ? dabney laugh to herself at how insane that seem and how insane it be at the time . Ian take a deep breath . this subject matter strike a deep nerve with he . stevie be listen but more focus on the gift he have for Ian . dabney ( cont 'd ) what be you gonna do with you friend tonight ? ian ( rush / quiet ) chill . beat . no other explanation . dabney sound fun . the chef flip a shrimp tail into he shirt pocket . the couple and the grandpa and grandson smile and clap . dabney , Ian and stevie sit in silence . dabney ( cont 'd ) I get you a present . dabney hand Ian a card in a envelope . he take it . rip it open , do not read the card , open it , take out the two twenty dollar bill and put the money in he pocket and put the card and trash on the table without ever read the card . he look back down at he plate . dabney look offended but not surprised . ian ( look down / barely audible ) thanks . deep breath from dabney . dabney ( exasperate ) you. are. welcome . ian. 18 . beat . stevie look very nervous . he be gather up the courage to give Ian he gift . his heart be racing . he take a deep breath . stevie I ... uhh ... get this . here . stevie hand it to Ian . stevie 's heart be racing , he try not to look to eager to see Ian 's reaction . Ian grab the present and rip open the newspaper . he quickly look at the CD and with no expression put the CD and the trash down on the table without look at it again . with no emotion or expression , Ian make the slight hint of a head nod to stevie in he direction . he show no appreciation or enjoyment of the gift . stevie be crushed . he swallow it the best he can , but this sting more than anything we have see sting stevie thus far . beat . ian ( to dabney / look at he plate ) how much longer be this ? dabney ( frustrated ) until we be do eat dinner . ian I want to leave . dabney ( piss ) well we order and I be pay for this food , so you be stay . ian ( shaking he head / look at plate ) whatever . the chef scoops chicken and shrimp onto dabney 's plate . she force a smile to the chef then back to Ian . dabney ( to chef ) thank you . ( to Ian / mute yell ) what be wrong with you ? Ian say nothing and just stare at he plate . 19 . dabney ( cont 'd ) why do you make it so difficult to be around you ? Ian still look at he plate . dabney ( cont 'd ) huh ? ian ( aggressive to dabney ) shut the fuck up . dabney what do you just say to I ?! ian I say : '' shut . the fuck. up . '' the African american grandfather uncomfortably try to talk louder to he grandson so he do not hear this argument . dabney ( lose it ) just leave if this be so fuck miserable for you ! you think we want to be here ? ian ( serious and scary ) you be a fuck bitch ! Ian dart up and leave the table . dabney flinch with a mix of anger and fear . she put she face in she hand and let a emotional grunt into she hand . Ian leave the CD on the table . stevie look shattered . he just stare at the CD . Left to die . it be very unpleasant and uncomfortable with the other people at the table and with the chef . dabney ( to the other patron ) sorry . dabney start cry in she hand . stevie console dabney by rub she back . hold on a close up of stevie holding back he own tear . wide shot of the uncomfortable table at benihana with the stranger . stevie be crush . everyone else in the restaurant be have fun . 20 . hold on close up of the CD for a long beat . ext . ultimate skate shop - across the STREET - the next day the camera lead stevie as he skate across the STREET . his face be determine and display a nervous hardness . Cars pass as he dodge they , he stop short , let they pass they honk at he and then he keep push . he get to the other side of the street outside the shop . he pick up he board and walk up the curb . he reach the front door of the shop . he put he hand on the handle . he take a deep breath . he enter the shop . int . ultimate skate shop —- continuous stevie quietly enter the shop for the first time , try to be as stealth as possible . the door open loudly . stevie look overwhelm . we feel the energy of all the skater we see in the bodega fill the store , but we only see piece of they sit down in a couch area in the back . we hear they yell , talk shit and laugh with each other . they be block by various clothing rack . stevie walk through the store as quietly and incognito as possible . he see a giant wall line with skate deck ( girl , chocolate , flip , hook up , alien workshop , World industry , plan B , blind etc . ) . he notice how subversive the artwork be on all the skate deck . he keep walk . he see another wall line with skate shoe . on another side , he see glass encasement fill with skate truck , skate wheel and skate sticker . he 's puzzle and not sure how all the piece fit together . he walk through rack of t-shirt and hoodies that fill the middle section of the store . the voice of the crew grow louder as stevie get closer . through the t-shirt we see ruben , fourth grade , and jorge sit on couch and the floor surround a television . the crew be watch a skate video and talk shit to each other . behind the couch be a work area , where board be set up . fuckshit be behind the work area set up a board for a young customer . stevie look at all the cool board on the wall . examine all the truck and wheel in the glass case . 21 . walk back over to the t-shirt and pretend to look at they but really be look at the crew hang out . no one even look in he direction or ask he if he need help with something . stevie watch . time CUT : a baseball hat be hold by a hand as money be stuff inside by various hand . we widen out to reveal fourth grade hold the hat . FOURTH grade ante up . everyone pitch in for tape so I can film . fuckshit I just kick in , nigga . jorge that be a week ago . and without footie , no one 's go pro around here , son . Greater good , yo . fuckshit nod he head understanding . he pull out a couple bill and toss they in fourth grade 's hat . they all go back to watch plan B 's '' virtual reality '' skate video on the screen . fuckshit ( fantasy mode ) okay , if you could go pro for one team , who would it be ? the whole crew get excited at this day dream . jorge easy . girl or chocolate or menace . easy . fuckshit chocolate or menace for sure . jorge fuck . chocolate , yeah , that 's the one . imagine you and I deck out in all chocolate gear . free gear they just send we on the regular . we would have the whole crew deck out in all chocolate gear . fuckshit and jorge smile . they have have this day dream before . 22 . jorge ( cont 'd ) I already know what the first graphic on my board would be : a sick illustration with I wrap in the mexican flag manual the stage at the courthouse . fuckshit ( super into it ) so sick , nigga . so sick . he and jorge give a hand shake . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) I know what my first board graphic would be . the tribe call quest album cover with all the rapper head on it , but it would be we whole crew 's head on it . the crew that 's tight ! / so dope ! jorge that would be so sick , yo . we would never have to buy board again . free board forever . jorge ( cont 'd ) whatever team we end up on . it 's we together . fuckshit give jorge another excited hand shake . fuckshit ( joyously ) that 's what 's up , nigga . that 's what 's up . the crew sit happily and think about this day dream . time CUT : stevie be at a closer rack of clothes pretend to browse , but be secretly watch the crew watch video and talk shit . there be a few other different random skater kide be browsing and hang out in the store . a classic intro to a wu tang clan song blast on the stereo . super close up on fuckshit 's face as he perfectly rap the intro to the song . when the beat kick in we widen out . fuckshit be stand up rapping every word perfectly . 23 . he be jump up and down get everyone hype up . the crew be into it and laugh and playfully punch he . stevie be smile and laugh at this infectious joyous energy . time CUT : stevie be wait by the glass case in front of the store with the sticker in they . he admire all of the amazing sticker . he see a copy of thrasher and Big brother magazine on the counter . he flip through they delicately . ruben finally approach stevie . ruben yo . stevie be pretty stunne anyone in here have acknowledge he , let alone talk to he . stevie uhh ... hey . uncomfortable silence . ruben do you need something ? stevie oh. uhh ... can I have this sticker ? stevie thoughtfully and carefully point . stevie ( cont 'd ) and that one , please ? ruben slide open the glass , grab they and toss they on the glass towards stevie . stevie ( cont 'd ) thanks . ruben two buck . stevie take out he chain wallet and take two buck out . ruben ( cont 'd ) what grade be you in ? stevie seventh . ruben I too . where do you go to school ? 24 . stevie palm . ( nervous ) you ? ruben crenshaw . ding ! fuckshit walk into the store with a Subway sandwich in a clear Subway plastic bag . he walk by stevie and see the board he 's hold . fuckshit ( very dry / subtly sarcastic ) cool board . stevie ( not get the sarcasm ) thanks ! fuckshit have already keep walk . ruben smile about the interaction . ruben atight . stevie cool . thanks . ruben later . stevie leave the store . once he be outside he have a huge beam smile . they acknowledge he . ext . magazine stand —- late afternoon stevie skate up to the magazine stand . he scan the rack through the fitness mag , beauty mag , and on the bottom right finally find the skate magazine . he grab a copy of thrasher , slap and Big brother . he pay the guy and skate off . ext . stevie 's house - that night stevie practice skate obsessively . Quick cut of he riding back and fourth on the sidewalk . turn , zigzagge , etc . he be sweat . it 's get later and later into the night . dabney finally call he in from the front door . 25 . dabney stevie ! it 's late ! come on ! stevie pick up he board and run inside . int . stevie 's bedroom - that night quick cut of stevie take down ninja turtle and NBA jam poster and put up he two sticker and tear- out from he skate magazine with scotch tape . his room be now three - quarter kid poster and one wall be all skate . int . ultimate - the next day ding ! stevie enter the store . unlike last time the store be quiet and empty . he wander towards the back , but no one be there . as he get towards the very back he hear noise come from outside the back door . he follow the sound . the back door , which be half open , lead to a parking lot . partially obscure by the door , we see the crew skate . stevie creep outside with he board . ext . ultimate - back parking lot stevie watch the kid skate . they be attempt and landing some cool trick as music play from a ghetto blaster . stevie sit on the ground with he back against the wall and he board flip up next to he . he continue to watch the trick and commit they to memory . he spin the wheel of he board with he hand while watch . jorge walk by and notice stevie 's board . jorge ( dry / sarcastic ) Nice board , yo . stevie ( elate / unaware of the sarcasm ) thanks ! jorge smile , shake he head and skate off . ruben attempt a kickflip and land it with one foot as stevie watch . ruben fuck ! 26 . ruben skate over next to stevie , but do not notice he . stevie be subtly try to make eye contact with the only person he 's break ground with within the crew . ruben pick up the bottom of he T-shirt and wipe the sweat from he eye with it . he pick up a gallon of water from the ground and start chugge . late in he chug he notice stevie sit there . he take the gallon away from he mouth . ruben ( cont 'd ) ( to stevie ) oh , what 's up fool ? stevie smile . stevie what 's up ? ruben ( frustrated ) skate like shit today , man . stevie ( unsure what to say ) look cool to I . ruben ( a compliment be a compliment ) I be ruben . stevie stevie . they give a '' teenager new acquaintance lazy hand shake '' . ruben clock stevie 's wack 80s board . he want to say something but he decide not to embarrass he . he just kind of smile and shake he head . jorge skate over to they and pick up the jug of water which be now empty . jorge ( to ruben be : empty jug ) will you go fill this up , yo ? ruben instinctively go to refill it . he think of something and stop in he track . ruben ( to stevie / in front of jorge ) yo stevie , go fill up this jug with water ? 27 . stevie ( with excitement ) for sure ! stevie 's eye light up . he be excited to be give a task by ruben and in some way help or be involved with the skate . he run off with the jug with enthusiasm . int . ultimate store bathroom —- continuous stevie be fill up the jug with water at the sink . he be smile wide . happy to be a part of this at all . ext . out front of the ultimate shop - later stevie practice the cool trick he see the crew do in the back parking lot by himself . quick flash of the crew member do they trick intercut with stevie 's awful misguide attempt . he slam and fall constantly try this trick . he can take it . he get up . scrape and all . ext . ultimate shop - back parking lot - later stevie watch they skate and gather up he courage . he take a few deep breath . stevie put the board under he leave foot and roll it back and forth under he foot a couple time . there be something really rough and intense about this . stevie put he leave foot on the board and kick a couple of time , push he into the middle of the parking lot in full view of the crew . the crew watch he like a new young cub in the animal kingdom . he get on the board and coast for a couple of foot . he then do he pathetic attempt at a ollie ... slam ! stevie crash into the concrete . he be in a lot of pain and shock . we be close on he face and the gravel underneath it . the crew erupt into laughter , mock the shit out of stevie . we stay close on stevie . he all of the sudden leap up to he foot . the pain of fall do not phase he at all . ruben be watch . a bit worried and embarrassed for stevie . quick CUT close up of stevie grabbing he board . quick CUT close up of stevie rolling it under he left foot a couple of time . 28 . stevie push a couple of time and start glide again . he be glide for a few moment with determination on he face and he bust another ugly attempt at a ollie and ... slam ! close again on he face and the gravel underneath it . his face be not shocked this time . he 's okay . the crew laugh even harder this time . stevie leap up and brushes off some dirt . he be filthy . he make eye contact with ruben . ruben 's expression be '' what the fuck be you do ? '' stevie 's not bail . stevie see fourth grade be filming he now and the crew laugh at he . quick CUT close up of stevie grabbing he board . quick CUT close up of stevie rolling it under he left foot a couple of time . stevie push a couple of time and start glide again . he glide for a few moment , determination on he face . he bust another awkward attempt at a ollie ... and slam even harder . it take the wind out of he but will not let it stop he . close again on he face and the gravel underneath it . stevie could not give a fuck about the pain . he will not fuck stop . he leap up again . the see the crew 's face change to subtly from laugh at he to slightly impressed with how hard of slam he 's take and pick himself back up again . Big ball . quick CUT close up of stevie grabbing he board . quick CUT close up of stevie rolling it under he left foot a couple of time . a hand grab he by the shirt off the board . it 's ruben 's hand . he pick up stevie 's board and walk stevie into the store . int . ultimate shop - hang out area - continuous ruben be walk fast and stevie be follow he through the store . stevie what 's up ? ruben come here . 29 . ruben walk he out of the store to the front of the store where no one be skate . ext . ultimate shop - out front - continuous ruben and stevie stand out front of the shop with they board . ruben ( in shock ) be you fuck crazy , yo ? stevie ( worried ) do I do something wrong ? ruben think . ruben dude . that be embarrassing as shit for you , yo ! stevie ( beat himself up ) oh. damn . ruben and do you , like , not feel pain or something ? stevie what do you mean ? ruben you slam fuck hard a ton of time and it do not even phase you for a second ? stevie think for a beat . stevie ( genuine to ruben ) I just really want to get better . ruben take this in . shake he head . beat . ruben you be fuck crazy , yo. ( think ) I think what you be try to do , I can not tell because that look fuck insane to I , be a ollie . 30 . stevie what 's that ? ruben it basically be what it 's call when you jump off the ground with you board . you can not do any fuck trick if you can not ollie , yo . ruben think for a moment and then pick up stevie 's board and place stevie 's back wheel of he board in the crack of the sidewalk . ruben ( cont 'd ) get on the board . stevie get on the board silently . ruben ( cont 'd ) the wheel be in the crack so you will not roll away and you can do this shit over and over . like a billion time in a row . because it 's gonna take that many before you can do it . just keep do it . stevie nod he head . ruben place he board parallel to stevie and step on it so stevie can watch he . ruben ( cont 'd ) when you pop back on you tail , you be go to slide you front foot to the front as you jump so you pop up into the air and the board stay with you . ruben do a perfect ollie . the board look as if it 's stick to he foot . ruben ( cont 'd ) you go . stevie do the lamest look attempt at a ollie you have ever see . ruben ( cont 'd ) damn , son . that be the ugliest shit I have ever see in my life . eww . come chill for a minute . you be gonna have a fuck heart attack . 31 . stevie sit next to ruben . he 's sweaty and out of breath . ruben pull out a pack of camel light and a lighter . stevie be not use to be around people he age smoking cigarettes and we see it on he face . it 's quiet except for car pass by . ruben light he cigarette . he offer one to stevie . ruben ( cont 'd ) here . stevie look fuck terrify as hell but he do not want to be see as lame for not take one . he nervously take a cigarette out of ruben 's pack . ruben hand he the lighter . he very awkwardly light he first cigarette . he puff it awkwardly without inhale , try he best not to cough . it look very unnatural . ruben chuckle . ruben ( cont 'd ) ( chuckle ) you do not smoke do you ? stevie ( debate on whether to lie ) uh. I mean ... not like ... a lot . ruben look at he like '' come on dude '' . stevie ( cont 'd ) very casually . stevie take another awkward puff . he try not to cough . smoke get in he eye and it 's uncomfortable . ruben laugh . ruben you be funny , yo . stevie take a break from he cigarette and rest it on the edge of the bench . stevie so , how long have you skate for ? ruben ( think ) since last year ... ( squinting / think ) maybe like eight month ? stevie ( so interested ) you love it ? 32 . ruben yeah , it 's cool . ( think ) yeah , I do . beat . stevie ( sincere ) thanks for teach I that . ruben ( confuse / upset ) what be you gay ? stevie what ? ruben ( what the fuck ) why the fuck be you ... thanking I and shit ? stevie be freak out and confuse . stevie ( terrify ) you think I be gay because I thank you for help I ? ruben yeah . do not fuckin’ ... thank people , man . that 's gay as hell , yo . stevie ( genuine ) I be sorry . I do not know that . ruben ( smoking / calming down ) it 's fine . now you know . it 's a little uncomfortably silent . ruben ( cont 'd ) ( shaking he head / under he breath ) fuckin 's weirdo . silence . stevie be worried he 's blow everything . 33 . ruben ( cont 'd ) ( gotta get something off my chest ) can I tell you something ? stevie yeah . sure . ruben you gotta get a new fuck board , dude . stevie ( surprised ) really ? ruben yes . that shit be eighty as fuck and have a wack ass neon velociraptor on it scream '' cowabunga '' . you look retarded , yo . stevie ( maybe you be off on this one ) be you sure ? everyone keep compliment I on it . ruben they be fuck with you , stevie . stevie realize and be hurt . stevie ( sad ) oh. ruben ( it 's okay ) it 's fine . everyone here fuck with each other non-fuck stop . you just gotta get a new board fuck fast , yo . stevie okay , I will . for sure . how much be they ? ruben hundre twenty for a complete . stevie ( shocked ) I do not have that kind of money . 34 . ruben I 'il sell you my use setup for 40 buck . stevie think this over . he may be able to swing that . stevie do not you need you board ? ruben ( smile ) I be save up for a '' ultimate '' board . stevie ( so curious ) what 's a '' ultimate '' board ? ruben ( super proud ) it 's the shop team 's board . you have to be allowed to buy one . you can not just walk in off the street and buy one . ( now brag ) I just get the okay from the crew , so now once I get the money , I can get a ultimate board . all stevie want in this universe be to be allow to buy a ultimate board one day . ruben ( cont 'd ) so I will sell you mine for forty buck which be a dope ass price . stevie than .... stevie be about to speak , but stop himself . reconsider . stevie ( cont 'd ) I be about to thank you , but I know now how gay that be . ruben ( what the fuck ) you do not have to say that shit either . just fuckin’ say nothing , yo. Jesus Fucking Christ . stevie smile . 35 . stevie ( smile ) sorry . ruben chuckle to himself . ruben you be fuckin’ funny , yo . weird as hell but funny . they both laugh a little . stevie realize something . stevie what time be it ? ruben I do not know , probably like eight ? stevie ( super nervous ) oh man . I ... I gotta go , man . stevie get up . ruben aight , man . stevie gather himself and he board . stevie you do not have to be home at a certain time ? ruben look down for a beat . he stare down . ruben ( brush it off ) Nah . it 's better for I if I get home after my mom be asleep . uncomfortable heavy silence . stevie ( pick up on the trouble at home but do not know what to say ) oh . beat . ruben look up finally . ruben see you tomorrow ? stevie light up ! ruben just invite he back to the shop ! 36 . stevie ( smile like a idiot ) yeah . ruben a'ight . ruben reach out for the '' lazy new homie handshake '' . stevie skate off smile from ear to fuck ear . int . shell station bathroom - minute later stevie burst into the gas station bathroom with he board . he immediately , and in a mad rush , head over to the sink . he start pump excessive amount of soap all over he arm , hand , face and scrubbing it off with water . he smell he breath and can tell it smell like smoke . he 's panicked . he literally begin to wash he mouth out with soap aggressively . he continue pump soap , lather and wash out the soap from he mouth manically . ext . palm street - minute later stevie be skate home as fast as he can . all of the sudden , it start pour rain . he keep skate even though it 's slippery and new to he . he have to get home . int . stevie 's house - front entrance - minute later we hear the key jangling outside and the lock open . stevie burst through the front door . dabney rush from the kitchen to greet he . dabney stevie ? ( then ) you be soaking ! stevie I be so sorry , I lose track of time , I be so sorry it will not happen again . sorry . dabney be confuse . dabney it 's only seven thirty . stevie ( sigh of relief ) oh. great. 37 . dabney be puzzle and amused . stevie be worried she will smell smoke . he take off to he room . stevie ( cont 'd ) ( run ) I be gonna put on dry clothes . int . stevie 's bedroom —- continuous stevie burst through the door and slam it shut behind he . he take off he shirt and dry himself off with it . he look at he board and shake he head . stevie ( to himself ) so lame . he look out the window and it 's pour . he look back at he board . he want to skate more , but it 's pour . he put he board on the carpet and stand on it . he practice some olly on the carpet . he do not notice how loud the sound be inside the house . he do a few more . dabney burst through stevie 's door ! it scare the shit out of he . she be scared also . dabney what be that noise ?! be you okay ?! she see it 's the skateboard . she laugh a bit . dabney ( cont 'd ) what be you do , kid ? stevie practice . she laugh . it 's cute . she throw herself on he bed on she stomach with she head at the foot of the bed face stevie . it 's a invasion of stevie 's space . he be annoyed by it but swallow it . he sit in he desk chair . dabney ( relieved / laugh ) you scared the shit out of I . stevie sorry . I would have practice outside but it 's pour . she think for a moment . 38 . dabney you love this skateboard , huh ? stevie look at she sincerely . stevie ( half smile ) yeah . ( then ) actually , there 's something I want to talk to you about . dabney always . stevie ( deep breath ) I want to ... ask you ... for money for a new board . dabney ( confuse ) do not Ian just give you that board ? it be actually nice of he to do that and it 's perfectly good . stevie protect he lie that Ian give it to he and launch into he argument . stevie the thing be . it 's not . I know that seem weird to you , but it 's like , from the eighty and it have like a neon dinosaur and say '' cowabunga '' and stuff on it . dabney so ? dinosaur be cool . stevie it 's like ... not a cool board . I need one of the '' cool '' brand or whatever . dabney ( wishing she could ) I be sorry , kid . stevie please Mom ? dabney no. 39 . stevie Mom , I be begging you . please ? please ? I be begging you . I be gonna be a joke . dabney kid . I want to give you everything in the whole world . I do . but I do not have money to just throw away on skateboard . I be sorry . I be sure it 's not as bad as you think . stevie look down , bum . dabney ( cont 'd ) ( try to cheer he up ) on the bright side , it 's Saturday ! blockbuster night ! stevie be still bum . dabney ( cont 'd ) you can choooooose . '' defend you life '' ? beat . stevie I can not . sorry . I have to practice . dabney be hurt and confuse . dabney not in the house . and it 's pour out ? beat . stevie get up and pick up he board . stevie ( upset ) I will survive . dabney ( upset / guilt he ) that hurt my feeling , stevie . we always watch movie on Saturday night . do you realize you be hurt I ? beat. revision 40 . stevie ( under he breath but she can hear ) you 'il survive . dabney be hurt . stevie leave the room without wear a shirt still and shut the door . ext . stevie 's house - 2 hour later it be pour and stevie be shirtless , practice he olly angrily and with determination . over and over . he be soak . he fall some of the time , but continue and practice more . he look at the window of dabney 's bedroom . he can see she watch '' defend you life '' by herself . she seem worried and lonely . stevie take this in and feel guilty . he watch for a moment and debate go inside . he do . we stay on dabney 's bedroom from outside in the rain and hold for a few moment . after a bit , we see stevie enter she bedroom and go sit on the floor in front of she bed in he usual spot . they say nothing . they both just silently watch . she crack a slight smile , relieved the fight be over . int . dabney 's bedroom - the next day we be over Ian and stevie 's shoulder as they look at dabney 's dresser drawer next to she bed . dabney be out of the house . it 's silent . finally ... stevie ( scared ) I do not know ... ian do not be a pussy . it 's the only way . we be now on a two shot of Ian and stevie . stevie look really terrify and really uncomfortable with do this . stevie this ... do not feel right ... ian you come to I and say you need forty buck . that 's a lot of fuck money . just open the drawer and grab forty for you and forty for I . simple . stevie 's eye become a bit glassy . this feel very wrong . revision 4l . ian ( cont 'd ) ( manipulate ) Fine I be fuckin’ outta here . you be act like a fuck baby ... Ian turn to leave , but know stevie will cave . stevie Fine ! Fine ! stevie be upset with himself for do this , but have no other choice . he know this be very wrong . he open the door and very carefully grab eighty dollar in cash from dabney 's money stash . he close the drawer shut and look like he might start cry . Ian grab he forty buck and leave the room . hold on stevie look incredibly guilty . he look at he forty buck . he catch a glimpse of himself in the mirror . his eye glass up again . he 's mad at himself for do this . he spit at the mirror onto the reflection of he face . he look at himself in the mirror with shame . beat . int . ultimate shop - later that day stevie give ruben the forty buck and ruben give he stevie use board . it be a new style shape , but the graphic be all smear from use and the truck be all grind down . ruben this be a sick deal . you be lucky you catch I at the right time . stevie ( so thrilled ) thank ... ( rapidly change he word ) I ... do ... not ... appreciate ... this ? stevie and ruben share a laugh . stevie look at he '' new '' board like it 's the mona Lisa . ruben ( to the rest of the crew ) I get the money , yo ! I get the money ! jorge and fourth grade head over to ruben . jorge that 's what 's up ! 42 . fuckshit grab a brand new ultimate deck off of the wall . he smile and bring it over to ruben . ruben be smile from ear to ear . this be a massive moment for he . ruben hand the money over to fuckshit . this be a joyous moment for everyone . stevie be excited for ruben . stevie 's face say , '' I would do anything to have this be I one day '' . the crew give ruben prop and fist bump . ruben smile at stevie , brag silently about he new status . stevie smile back . happy for he new pal . int . ultimate skate shop - afternoon the whole crew be in the couch area of the shop watch kareem Campbell 's World industry 's '' New World order '' skate video and talk to each other . stevie sit on the floor admire he new treasure . he have not yet earn a place on the couch . he be able to listen in on the conversation , but be not include in they . fuckshit okay , okay , okay . I do not fuckin’ get this one . why do people say mexican be lazy and shit ? the crew laugh . some uncomfortably . the crew look at jorge . jorge why the fuck be you look at I ? that 's fuck up ! do people say that shit ? fuckshit I hear that shit . but it do not make any sense to I . every time I see a mexican dude he 's building like a fuck building and shit , nigga . jorge that 's fuck up , yo . fuckshit I do not say I say that . I say people do ! the whole point of this game be you can not get offended . jorge okay . okay . Fine . fourth grade , I get one : why be white people so fuckin’ obsessed with they dog ? the crew ahhh ! right ?! jorge all my white friend 's parent have a dog that they talk about like it 's one of they kid and shit , like : ( valley girl impression ) '' Eric have be , like , really in he own world lately '' . the crew crack up . FOURTH grade ( laugh ) I do not even have a dog . I have a gecko . the crew laugh hard at this . fuckshit a gecko ?! they laugh harder . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) I do not know one nigga in the universe with a gecko ! the crew be die . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) that be the whitest fuck animal on planet earth , nigga ! FOURTH grade why be that so fuckin’ funny ? nico be awesome . jorge nico ?! fuckshit you have a gecko name nico ?! aaahhhh ! the crew die laugh . FOURTH grade ( genuine ) that 's mean . ( more ) 44 , FOURTH grade ( cont 'd ) ( interrupt the laughter ) okay ! okay ! I have one : the crew simmer down . FOURTH grade ( cont ’d ) can black people : ( wait for it ) get sunburn ? fuckshit Jesus Christ . FOURTH grade what ? fuckshit you be one of the dumbest motherfucker I have ever meet in my life . FOURTH grade what ?! I have genuinely always want to ask that ! I honestly feel like a load off my chest even have ask . like every time I have talk to you when it 's hot outside I be like '' do he not even need sun screen ? '' '' be there black color sun tan lotion ? '' fuckshit yes . Black people can get sunburn , you dumb fuck . how do you know not know that ? ruben you can not lump all white people in with fourth grade . that 's fuck up to do to white people . the crew laugh . FOURTH grade ( to himself / a little sad ) fuck you guy . he pick up he camera and start filming because he do not know what else to do with he discomfort and hurt feeling . 45 . fuckshit okay . ( to stevie ) yo. kid . stevie be like '' be he talk to I ? '' fuckshit ( cont 'd ) do you know black people could get sunburn ? stevie genuinely look like he 's about to shit he pants . his nightmare be be within a thousand mile of this conversation . a deer in headlight . his face turn from fear to deep think to '' fuck it , now or never '' . what be he go to say . beat . stevie ( dry / now or never ) what be black people ? beat . what be they reaction go to be . stevie be freaking out . beat . fuckshit break the silence and give a very slight laugh . almost silent . the other let out very minor laugh as well . they be not crack up by any mean , but they barely audible chuckle be the nicest we have see they be to a outsider . stevie be insanely relieved . the crew go back to watch the video . on the television , kareem Campbell do a giant 360 Ollie over a massive gap as he last trick in the video section . fuckshit fuck ! shit ! that be dope ! let 's go hit lockwood , yo . the crew all get up and grab they board . stevie stay seat . fuckshit hover over he and notice he '' new '' board . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) you come , sunblock ? stevie be in shock . not only have he just be invite , but he even have a nick name ?! fuckshit ( cont 'd ) let 's go . fuckshit leave through the front of the store . stevie get up with he new board . ruben wait for stevie . 46 . ruben ( confuse himself ) what the fuck be that ? stevie ( so happy / confuse ) I do not know ! ext . los angele street - minute later the crew skate through the street of L.A. dodging car in slow motion . stevie be do he best , but struggle to keep up . this be hard and beyond he skill level but he be ina pack . a feel he have never feel before . a pretty fuck good one . ext . lockwood elementary school - day the crew , include stevie , skate up to lockwood , a elementary school and famous L.A. skate spot in a rough neighborhood ( at the time ) . the gate be lock and the crew immediately start throw they board over the giant fence and start climb up and hoist each other up . stevie look a little freak out . he have never hop a fence before . he struggle over , awkwardly . the crew start lining up bench and set up picnic table in a order to they like . they start do trick on the bench and picnic table . we see shot of the crew try trick , talk shit and laugh . stevie be practice incredibly hard . he take hard fall and the crew notice . after a particularly hard slam , fuckshit extend a hand to stevie to help he up . he take it . it mean a lot . fuckshit skate off and attempt some trick . stevie skate over to ruben who be drink from a big gallon of water . he offer the last bit of water to stevie . stevie have the last few drop and put the jug down . stevie thank y... ( very quickly ) I mean ... nothing . ruben shake he head . ruben ( a little sarcastic ) so you be '' sunblock '' now . 47 . stevie smile . proud to have a nickname . stevie ( genuine ) how come some people have nickname and some do not ? ruben ( annoyed because he do not have a nickname ) I do not fuck know . ( then ) jorge do not . and he 's the best skater so whatever , yo . I think it 's like better not to have one . stevie nod he head . do he just offend ruben ? stevie yeah . jorge be the best and he do not have one . that 's cooler for sure . stevie look at fuckshit skate . stevie ( cont 'd ) why do they call he fuckshit ? ruben ' cuz any time he see a dope trick he always yell out '' fuck ! shit ! that be dope ! '' stevie laugh . the boy watch fourth grade filming jorge do trick on the picnic table . ruben ( cont 'd ) I mean ... they be both fuck dope . ( think ) I mean they can land pretty much the same trick , but jorge ... ( smile to himself ) jorge 's just get the sickest style ever . stevie take this in . a new concept for he . style be vital . two shot of ruben and stevie watch fuckshit attempt a trick jorge just land elegantly . fuckshit slam hard . ruben flinch hard . stevie do not flinch at all . the violence of fuckshit hit the ground hard do not phase stevie at all . 48 . ruben ( cont 'd ) ( be : fourth grade ) his name be '' fourth grade '' because he 's as smart as a fourth grader . stevie laugh . stevie ( nervous ) be I allow to call he that ? ruben ( a little mean / jealous ) I would not call anyone anything yet , homie . stevie be confuse about why ruben seem a little weird with he for some reason . jorge skate over sweaty and out of breath . he pick up the empty gallon of water . he turn to stevie . jorge ( matter of fact ) yo sunblock , go fill this up . stevie ( happy ) for sure . ruben be elate he be not ask for the first time ever . he give stevie the nod to go do it . stevie be elate that jorge remember he nickname and ask he to do something for the crew . stevie skate off with the empty gallon to fill it up at the water fountain . int . stevie 's bedroom - that night stevie sleep in he bed with he new board next to he . we hear various '' skate sound '' . wheel roll on concrete , tail slapping against concrete . this sound swell into a symphony of skate sound . int . stevie 's house - kitchen - the next morning stevie walk into the kitchen . dabney be cooking egg . he look at the clock on the wall . he grab a capri Sun from the fridge and take it down in second . he be in a rush . dabney Morning , kid . 49 , stevie I gotta go , mom . I be sorry I be late . dabney I be make egg . what be you late for ? stevie uhh ... I be meeting some people to go skate . dabney ( disappointed ) oh. ( guilt he ) it would be very hurtful to I if you run out the door because I wake up early to make you egg . ( more guilt ) but if that 's what you feel you want to do and if you feel that that 's the right thing to do . stevie want to rush out , but the guilt take its hold . he exhales and sit down . dabney ( cont 'd ) I actually have a question ? stevie ( impatient ) yeah . dabney so I finally call this Todd guy back and now he have not call I back and it 's be over a week . be that like , a major red flag ? stevie think . he be engage , but still really want to go skate . stevie ( think ) umm ... maybe he do not get the message ? dabney yeah I think that . and then I be gonna call he again , but then I be like '' I be not even into he 's ? I do not know . 50 . beat . stevie yeah . I do not know . beat . dabney I all give it another day or two . whatever . Ian enter the room and crash towards the fridge . he open it and pull out the carton of orange juice . he shake it and look furious . it feel light . his face change from blank to furious . ian who drank my orange juice ? dabney no one , Ian . ian there 's less of it . I know one of you drank it . stevie ( terrify ) I do not . I swear . dabney I neither , Ian . ian it 's my orange juice . why do not you fuck understand that ? fuck ... dabney hey ! ian fuck this shit ! dabney hey ! language ! jesus ! Ian take the carton and leave the kitchen . dabney swallow she anger and pain . stevie ( see he opportunity ) I be sorry , I have to go . sorry . stevie run out of the room . 51 . ext . stevie 's house - moment later stevie rush out of he house . he be worried about be late for something . he skate around the corner from he house . he reach a house and wait outside of it on the sidewalk . he pace around wait . he look around suspiciously . finally , a 1990 mitsubishi montero suv pull up to the house stevie be wait in front of . fuckshit be drive and jorge be riding shot gun . fourth grade and ruben be in the back seat . fuckshit whassup , fool ? stevie smile . FOURTH grade hey man , I have to pee . can I use you bathroom ? stevie be freak out , he do not know what to say . stevie uhh ... we toilet be ... break . FOURTH grade ah , crap . ruben get out of the car to let stevie in . ruben you be riding bitch , yo . stevie cool . stevie be about to get in when all of the sudden , a old asian woman leave the front door of he house and walk towards the sidewalk to she car . the crew look confuse . so do she . stevie look panicked . stevie ( cont 'd ) ( panicked to asian woman ) bye ! have a great day ! old asian woman ( super confuse / polite ) uh ... you too . stevie rush in the car . ruben get in after he . the car drive off . 52 . int . mitsubishi montero - moment later the crew be blast music and talk shit . fuckshit be drive fast to impress he friend like teenager do . stevie be beam . this be the most freedom he have ever have . stevie ( whisper to ruben ) I have never be in a car without someone 's mom or dad or whatever . this be awesome . ruben ( baffle / irritate ) yo ! keep this shit to yourself , stevie . fuck ! stevie ( so excited ) sorry . sorry . the crew smoke cigarettes and blast music as they drive . ext . ARCO handrail —- downtown LA - later that day jorge bust amazing trick down the stair at the spot . fuckshit do some slightly lesser trick but still impressive down the stair . fourth grade be filming fuckshit and jorge . stevie watch fuckshit watch jorge land a amazing trick . stevie clock this make fuckshit quietly resentful . ruben be landing kick flip more and more and they be get cleaner . stevie be practice he olly intensely and get closer to landing one . ext . ARCO handrail — downtown LA - later the crew and stevie sit on the stair smoking cigarettes and drink from gallon water . they be mid argument . fuckshit nigga , fuck you ! I think you lose you fuck mind ? ruben what ? you know I get that look though , son . fuckshit there 's no way in hell you be better look than I , nigga . 53 . ruben I think it 's close , but I be maybe a point higher . fuckshit what be you ? ruben Seven . Seven and a half ? fuckshit and what the fuck be I ?! ruben six . six and a half . fuckshit what the fuck ?! fourth grade be filming and laugh . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) you get that little ass crusty ass mustache , son . I think you be fuck crazy . jorge ? jorge just give a cocky smile . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) you get nothing to say here ? jorge ( cocky / you already know ) come on , man . fuckshit what ? jorge you guy can argue over be six and seven all day . fuckshit oh , and what be you nigga ? jorge ( cocky ) come on . do not make I say it . fuckshit what the fuck be go on here ? you think you be more attractive than I ? beat . 54 . jorge do not make I have to make it weird . fuckshit no , what the fuck number do you think you be ? jorge you be really gonna make I say it ? fuckshit yes ! jorge if not a ten . incredibly close . fuckshit what the fuck ?! the crew start laugh . jorge no disrespect , but come on , I be clearly the best look in the crew . fuckshit nigga , fuck you ! you be pretty like a girl . jorge I be marketable , son . I get that marketable look . that 's part of why I be gonna blow up once I go pro . fuckshit dog . you can not say shit like that ! and anyway , you be pretty like , feminine . like a beautiful girl or some shit . I be ruggedly handsome . Young denzel , son . get that rugge power . the crew laugh . jorge Young whoopi Goldberg , son . the crew laugh . 55 . fuckshit ha . ha . you look like selena , nigga . jorge you be just jealous . I get that model good look , though . fuckshit actually be jealous , but will not show it . jorge ( cont 'd ) fourth grade , what number you think you be ? fourth grade be filming . FOURTH grade ( shook up / to jorge ) I do not ... who do you think be better look , ruben or new kid ? stevie feel very uncomfortable . he be not comfortable with he look . he can not even look at ruben who be a bit uncomfortable even be compare to the new kid . ruben ( annoyed at the comparison ) oh , come on . stevie be so uncomfortable . he do not want to argue this point . fuckshit I do not know , yo . it 's close . sunblock get that nigga from '' Home alone '' vibe go on . jorge he doe , though ! stevie laugh embarrassed . ruben oh fuck off . stevie ( let 's change subject ) ruben be a lot higher number than I . I be like a one . ruben like and respects stevie put himself below he on the food chain . a homeless man , 40s , be wander through a trash can near the crew . 56 . fuckshit I do not know , you be modest , nigga . ( to the homeless guy ) yo homie ! come here ! the homeless guy look up and walk up to the crew . homeless man any change ? fuckshit yo , homie . which one of this niggas be better look ? ( point to stevie and ruben ) this nigga or this nigga ? the homeless guy think for a second . ruben ( laugh but nervous ) you fuck stupid , yo . jorge and fourth grade be laugh . stevie be shitting he pants . he think he 's ugly , but he do not want to go over ruben 's order in the crew . fuckshit like , if you have to give they each a number from one to ten what would they be ? the homeless man think . homeless man ( to ruben ) five . ruben be piss . homeless man ( cont ’d ) ( to stevie ) Seven . the crew all die laugh ! ruben be furious and stevie be scare shit -less . he look down so embarrassed . fuckshit ahhhh !!!!!!! ( to ruben ) you ugly , nigga ! revision 57 . fuckshit hand the homeless guy some change . he walk away . the crew get up and skate . stevie walk up to ruben . stevie I think you be way better look than I be ... ruben ( piss ) shut the fuck up , yo . ruben skate off and practice kickflip . stevie look upset , but go back to practice olly . int . mitsubishi montero - minute later the crew be drive by a movie theater in westwood . the line be around the block for people wait to see '' the usual suspect '' . fourth grade be filming as they pull up to the line and stop . ruben the weird guy telling the story be keyser soze !!! that 's the twist at the end !! the crew crack up laugh . the people in the line look fuck piss and upset they now know the end to the movie they be wait to see . the car speed off as the crew die laugh . int . mitsubishi montero - later that day the crew be in they same seat in the car . fourth grade be filming as the crew fuck with people from the car . throw shit at other car and laugh . holler at girl . Fucking with other driver . they pull up to a soccer mom , 30 , ina mini van . fuckshit ( to the soccer mom ) yo what 's up , baby ? soccer mom ( disgust ) leave I alone . the crew laugh . fuckshit just give love a chance , lady ! 58 . soccer mom ( piss ) fuck off . fuckshit you can deny it all you want , but I be sense a real back and forth here . spark , ya know what I mean ? soccer mom in you dream . you be a four . the crew explode laugh !!!! the crew ahhh !!!! she call you a four , son !! fuckshit ( upset / to himself ) four . that 's fuck up . they sit awkwardly at the stop light . she smile that he 's get clown on . fuckshit awkwardly roll up the window , embarrassed . ext . west L.A. courthouse - late afternoon dolly in over stevie 's shoulder revealing the vast outdoor plaza of the West Los Angeles courthouse . this be the street skate Garden of eden . the place be packed with over 100 skater of all age , skate the abundance of ledge , a giant drain fountain you can do trick into , stair and a taller stage to grind or manual on for the most advanced . close on stevie 's face take it all in . he 's make it to heaven . back to all of the skater tear it up . stevie make he way close to ruben . ruben be a little colder to stevie because of the look conversation , but have cool off some of he anger towards he . stevie ( with wonder ) what be this place ? 59 . ruben the courthouse . stevie take it in . he sense this place be special . it 's burst with energy . ruben ( cont 'd ) illest skate spot in LA . shot of skater grind on the ledge . shot of skater ollie and do flip trick down the two set of stair . shot of the way better skater do big trick into the fountain . it look scary hard . we see jorge ollie up the stage to manual and manual the whole stage and pop off of the other side . it 's remarkable to watch . stevie it 's a actual courthouse ? ruben it 's super fuck illegal to skate here . trespass , destruction of public property , and it 's federal property , you have to watch out for cop constantly . they do surprise raid usually once a day . and the craziest part be , the court house be attached to the police station . aerial shot of the courthouse ... which be attached to the police station . ruben ( cont 'd ) the two building be literally connect . chyron : courthouse . police station . ruben ( cont 'd ) so if you hear someone yell out '' 5 - 0 " , you just take off run as fast as you can outta here do not try and find the crew . every man for himself . meet up at Subway on sawtelle . understand ? stevie look a little freak out , but excited by the danger of it all . stevie yeah . 60 . we see around 30 homeless men , all age , on the upper deck of the courthouse at picnic table look down on all the skate , play checker , drink from paper bag cover beer can . two of the man appear to be in a pretty ugly argument that look like it 's about to become physical . stevie ( cont 'd ) ( be : homeless guy ) what 's up there ? ruben that 's where the bum hang out . they usually be pretty cool and keep to themselves . sometimes they 'il get shit face and cheer on the skater , but sometimes they go nut so you gotta watch out . if one of they offer you something to smoke , do not fuck smoke it . it 's probably crack . stevie 's face tell you '' that be fuck terrifying . '' stevie and ruben stand on they board with they back against the brick wall . they both smoke a cig . stevie be slightly more comfortable smoking now . stevie and ruben clock daniel castillo , early 20 and chico brene , early 20 . stevie 's face light up ! ruben can not even help he excitement . ruben ( cont 'd ) ( try to be cool but can not help it ) Holy shit , that 's Daniel castillo and chico brene . stevie whoa ! I know who they be ! I see they in thrasher ! ruben yeah , they skate for chocolate , yo . they be so fuck sick . stevie ( shocked ) they skate here ? like where you guy skate ? ruben yeah , yo . everyone skate here . 61 . Daniel and chico cross path with fuckshit and jorge , who pick up they board and show the pro respect . stevie watch jorge laugh and joke and make the pro laugh and smile . fuckshit be more shy and put on way less of a show for the pro . stevie and ruben watch from a distance as jorge bust a couple beautiful trick with sick style and land they perfectly . the pro seem impressed . they then watch fuckshit try to nail the same trick . he land all except the last , but with a lot clunkier of a style . the pro seem less impressed . fuckshit try that last one again and land it . the pro be into it , but not nearly as into it as they be with jorge 's display . fuckshit sit on one of the ledge and tie he shoe a little defeat . stevie watch jorge be the '' life of the party '' and continue to make the pro laugh and be entertained . stevie see fuckshit skate away form jorge and the pro , a little dishearten . time CUT : stevie be practice he olly non stop in he own world . random kid ( 0.s. ) s-ol!l1e ! s-olleiiee fuckshit and stevie 's head turn up . fuckshit take off run !!! stevie be freaking out ! all of the hundred or so skater take off running in different direction ! cop chase skater out of the courthouse in all different direction . Three random skater in different part of the courthouse be catch and handcuff and the cop take they board . stevie pick a direction and take off running ! a cop swipe at he but he narrowly escape and make it out of the courthouse . he run like the wind with he board in he hand . ext . STREET near the courthouse - continuous stevie be run . he be alone , scared and unsure of he fate . he 's see the subway !!!! int . subway - continuous stevie burst into Subway in a panic . the crew be all sit down while ruben be in line calmly order sandwich . stevie be freaked out . the crew see he and laugh . 62 . fuckshit sunblock , what be you do here ? we think you be do ten to fifteen in San quentin ! the crew explode laugh . stevie compose himself and get in line with ruben . ruben ( with authority ) four meatball six inch . ruben hand stevie the money and sit with the crew at the table . stevie happily wait in line , but it be a bit mean spirite the way ruben say that and hand he the money . stevie watch ruben sit with the crew while he wait in line . int . mitsubishi montero - later the crew be eat they Subway sandwich in the car as music blast . the car pull up to a house and stop . ruben get out of the car . FOURTH grade hey , rube , can I pee in you house , man ? ruben freeze . he 's uncomfortable and do not have a response . stevie look over to the window of ruben 's house . the shade be close and there be something unsettle and off about the vibe of ruben 's house . ruben uhh ... my toilet be break . ruben give stevie a little look . FOURTH grade man , fuck ! be everybody 's toilet break in this city ? ruben later . the crew later , ruben . the car drive off . stevie look over he shoulder at ruben out the back window . ruben go up to the front door and act like he 's go to go in , but then once the car have drive away a bit he skate off around the corner go somewhere else . stevie be the only one who clock this . 63 . int . dinner table - that night stevie be shoveling food into he mouth rapidly as dabney watch with a disgust look on she face . dabney Jesus Christ , slow down . you look so unattractive when you eat like that . Jesus . stevie uncomfortable stop . he feel bad about the comment , but be more focus on finish so he can go practice more . stevie ( with a mouth full of food ) sorry . dabney as I be say , he finally call ... stevie stare blankly at dabney as she talk about Todd . we hear faint bit of she word , but we hear loudly the swell symphony of skate wheel sound . ext . stevie 's house - that night stevie practice . he 's get better . in fact , he 's get pretty good . after we see three close attempt he land he first ollie ! smile . to say he 's satisfied be a understatement . he celebrate and go ape shit ! running around the front of the house take he shirt off and wave it around ! stevie wooooo !!!!!! ian ( 0.c. ) shut the fuck up , faggot ! stevie be freaked out . he look at Ian 's window , which have Ian hang out of it . ian ( cont 'd ) skate 's fuck gay . shut up . Ian slam the window shut . stevie be shake but this be too good of a moment . he go back to celebrate ... but quietly . 64 . ext . lockwood elementary school - the next day the crew sit on lunch table smoking cig . it 's a Sunday so the school be theirs . jorge two week ?! what the fuck ?! fuckshit I know , nigga . I get my report card and my parent be fuck pissed . no car for two week . might as well cut my dick off . the crew laugh , but be bum fuckshit have no car for two week . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) Parents be so fuck retarded , nigga . the crew Word . so fuck retarded . fuckshit I be a senior in high school , it 's not like all of the sudden I be gonna get into Harvard or some shit . everyone be quiet think about they own situation . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) I mean , my parent go to good school and become lawyer and get pay and shit . I mean , they be not puff daddy or some shit , but I respect what they do . that shit just be not I . I get C 's and I be a’‘ight with that shit . I spend my time skate and chill with my niggas and I would not have do it any differently . stevie be take this in . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) I hope I go pro for sure . that would be so ill . but no matter what , I be gonna work in skate for sure . ( do he even believe this next sentence ) and who know , I may go pro ? 65 . jorge fuck yeah you will , yo . fuckshit smile , but be this he friend be just nice ? jorge ( cont 'd ) you know my ass be go pro and the second I do I be gonna be like I do not ride without fuckshit on the team ! jorge do not realize this be a hurtful thing to say . fuckshit be almost in shock that jorge be so unaware . fuckshit ( in shock ) oh really ? jorge ( still not realize ) yeah , really ! I see so many people not do shit with they life . I be lucky as shit I might be able to do something with mine . we be go all the way , yo . I get the illest style , yo . nobody do the trick I do , look as good as I do . style over everything . stevie watch fuckshit take this in . jorge ( cont 'd ) I be gonna fuckin’ ball out , yo . drive Range rover and shit . and you be gonna be do that shit with I , yo . i’1l be on the cover of thrasher in no time like , '' this be my crew , yo ! ultimate fo’ life ! '' the crew all laugh and think it over . jorge most likely be go pro and that 's a weird thing for they to think about . fuckshit look especially perplex maybe realize that he friend be go to go all the way and he probably will not . he seem sad . jorge ( cont 'd ) what about you , fourth grade ? fourth grade be put on the spot . he fiddle with he camera nervously . FOURTH grade oh ... I ? 66 . jorge yeah , you . FOURTH grade shit ... ( beat ) I guess , like ... ( look down / nervous ) maybe like ... make a...movie ... or whatever ... the crew crack up ! it feel mean and fourth grade look super embarrassed and angry he open up like that . FOURTH grade ( cont ’d ) ( angrily into he camera ) fuck you guy ... shut up ... fuckshit this nigga think he spielberg and shit ! the crew laugh more . stevie be not laugh . he see fourth grade 's pain but there 's no way he 's say shit . FOURTH grade ( embarrassed ) never mind . ( make a joke out of it ) that be stupid , yo . ( then ) I do not know , maybe I x11 work for my dad or whatever . ruben ( interrupt ) I do not give a fuck what I do , yo . I just wanna smoke the most weed . do the most cool shit . fuck the hot bitch . and have the most fun ever . all the fuck time , yo . I feel like every old person I see do not give a fuck about have fun , yo . the crew laugh . jorge ( laugh ) you be fuck stupid , yo . what about you , sunblock ? stevie think deeply . he have no clue . 67 . stevie ( genuine but matter of fact ) I do not know . the crew do not know how to react . ruben dope answer . the crew laugh at stevie . that be a harsh reaction from ruben but stevie take the abuse . stevie laugh it off . beat . stevie ( dry / with the most confidence we have see from he ) maybe find cooler friend to hang out with . holy shit stevie made a joke !!! beat . everyone except ruben laugh . ruben look away not give he prop for he joke . everyone think about the conversation for a silent moment . jorge let 's skate this gap , yo . fuckshit oh you wanna skate the gap ?! jorge yup . fuckshit big ball over here ! the camera pan up above they and show a roof gap over the lunch area . there be at least a ten foot drop if you fall through the gap and do not make it to the other side . scary . ext . lockwood elementary school - the roof gap - minute later the crew stand on the roof of the roof gap . it 's scary up there and everyone have a nervous energy . without hesitate jorge skate up and kickflip over the gap effortlessly . the crew smack they board and hoot and holler . jorge put he arm up from the other side . fuckshit be shake by this . after the conversation they just have there be no fuck way he 's not go to bust something over the gap . fourth grade be filming . fuckshit push hard towards the gap . he 180 's it . it 's not a kickflip but he land on the other side . 68 . pride in tact . jorge put he fist out for a fist bump . fuckshit be still sting from earlier but give he the fist bump . jorge ( from the other side ) a'ight ruben ! ruben try to psych himself up . he be shook by this . scare . he finally skate up to the gap , but at the last possible second he jump off and pick up he board . jorge and fuckshit '' boo '' he . he go back to the start point . ruben look embarrassed and piss . he psyches himself up . stevie clock ruben 's nerve . stevie ( genuine / quietly ) you get this , man . ruben shoot dagger at stevie . ruben ( to stevie ) shut the fuck up , fag . stevie be hurt by this . ruben be now just be mean to he . it remind he of Ian 's treatment of he . stevie be hurt . out of nowhere stevie skate by ruben !!!!! without any fear stevie approach the gap and try to ollie it !!!!! everyone in the crew react like '' what the fuck this guy be insane ! '' ruben look like he be see the '' ghost of friendship past '' skate by he . stevie pop off the gap and nowhere near make it to the other side ! he immediately crash down the ten foot drop and slam onto the picnic table below ! be he fuck dead ?! he lay on the table motionless . the crew rush down to see if he 's okay . fourth grade be filming . fuckshit fuckkk !!!!! shit !!!!!!! this nigga dead ! !!!! stevie lay there motionless . jorge be he fuck dead , yo ? fourth grade , while filming , poke stevie with he finger . FOURTH grade sunblock . be you alive ?! fuckshit do not poke he asshole ! 69 . stevie wake up a little . he be fuck up but he be alive . the crew pick he up onto he foot . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) you okay , sunblock ? stevie be out of it . as he stand up he head be leaking blood . the crew eww !!! oh shit !!! fuckshit take stevie 's shirt off and wrap it around he head to stop the bleed . the white shirt almost immediately be soak with blood . stevie come to . he notice the blood , but do not make a big deal . jorge be you okay ? stevie take the pain . he be okay . stevie yeah . I be cool . I be cool . the crew minus ruben cheer he on ! they hoot and holler ! fuckshit this nigga sunblock be insane ! jorge fuck yeah , fool ! jorge and fuckshit shower stevie with prop and hug and back slap . fuckshit big ball , yo ! ruben be piss at the love stevie be get right now . . he realize something he will never shake . stevie have something he never will . ruben 's skate have a ceiling that stevie 's do not have . ruben have fear and stevie do not . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) ( to ruben ) take off you shirt , he 's bleed through he . ruben look furious . ruben ( deeply insulted ) Hell no . 70 . jorge look pissed at ruben for defy he . jorge I say '' give he you fuck shirt , yo '' . right fuck now ! ruben be humiliate . he reluctantly and with a horrible attitude , take he shirt off and angrily throw it at stevie . stevie catch it . he and ruben lock eye . ruben 's eye say '' do not fuck put that on you head or else '' . stevie look into he eye as he make the decision to wrap ruben 's shirt around he head over he own bloody shirt . ruben can not even look at stevie because he hate he so much right now . ruben feel incredibly disrespect . fuckshit ( to stevie with respect ) you crazy , nigga . stevie smile . he have never feel so accept . fourth grade review the footage . FOURTH grade ( genuine ) hey sunblock , I be not in love with the angle of the shot . can we try one more ? jorge and fuckshit shut the fuck up , yo ! / you be retarded ! ruben look as if he might cry . stevie be woozy , but be in heaven . both shirt be now soak through with blood wrap around he head . fuckshit pick up stevie 's board which be break in half . he hand it to stevie . stevie be really upset he board be break . fuckshit pat he on the back . stevie get woozy again and back to the high of the positive attention he be receive . int . stevie 's house - front entrance stevie try to sneak inside the house with he board without make a sound . almost the moment he walk in dabney rush towards the front door . dabney stevie ? she see stevie with he head wrap in a blood soak shirt . she let out a screeching scream ! 71 . int . kitchen - minute later stevie sit in a chair shirtless as dabney carefully clean the wound on he head . dabney ( worried / piss ) okay this be do . you be do . the skateboard ... stevie ( please listen ) Mom . dabney no . it 's do . that 's it . stevie ( respectful but passionate ) Mom . please listen to I . please . dabney hold she angry word for a moment . stevie ( cont 'd ) Mom . this be what I love . I love it . I love it more than anything . dabney ( heat ) I be sure I would love heroin but I be not go to do that every day . stevie ( do not even know how to argue that one ) I ... what ?! ( fire up ) that be ... such a weird thing to compare that to ... dabney well I be not gonna let you get kill by smash you head ! stevie I can ’t stop ! dabney ( can not keep it in ) you 're bleeding from you head ! 72 . stevie ( incredibly passionately yell back ) I know ! I know that ! I ’m sorry ! I ’m sorry !!! stevie calm himself . he do not like explode like that . dabney see he be serious and can not help but think about what he be say . stevie ( cont 'd ) ( calming himself ) I love you . but I can not ... ( choose he word very carefully ) I will not let you take this away from I . stevie take a deep breath . he 's calm . stevie have never stand up for himself like this before . both he and dabney be shocked . dabney realize he will not back down from this one . she think for a beat . dabney ( genuinely confuse ) what do you love about it so much ? stevie think . he just kind of look off and smile . he do not know how to put it into word . he look at she and smile . she nod she head and bite she lip nervously . not happy but she understand . dabney ( cont 'd ) ( but for real ) who be this kid that you skate with ? stevie think . dabney ( cont 'd ) be they older ? be they ... from good ... family ? I mean , who be they ? stevie look at she with real sincerity . stevie they be my friend . stevie get up from the chair . stevie ( cont 'd ) ( calmly / sweetly ) I can not stop . 73. stevie give she a hug for a moment and then leave the kitchen . int . stevie 's room - minute later stevie examine he break board . what be he gonna do ? he put the break board back down and walk up to he mirror . he examine the bloody wound on he head . it be not go to kill he , but it 's ugly and hurt . he try to touch it but it sting . quick flash of the crew give stevie prop while he bleed from he head . stevie try to touch the wound again . another quick flash of the crew celebrate he reckless wound . he stare at himself in the mirror . he seem proud of he wound and in pain at the same time . int . ian be room - the next day stevie hand Ian he discman as Ian hand stevie twenty buck . ian ( confuse but do not want to blow the deal ) you sure ? stevie ( definitely ) yes . Ian look at stevie in a weird way . why be not stevie upset about give up he discman ? his usual dickish expression turn more to puzzle and possibly even a sliver of concern . ian ( be you sure ? ) twenty buck . for you discman . stevie ( more definite ) yes . stevie leave Ian 's room with the money . we se on he face he do not miss he discman . that 's the past . int . ultimate shop - a couple day later stevie enter the shop . ruben be at the counter . stevie think and make the decision to just walk by without acknowledge he . ruben do the same . 74 . the silence and the lack of eye contact speak volume . stevie walk towards the back of the shop . he head to fuckshit over at the work station by himself . fourth grade be on the floor look at footage on he camera . jorge sit on the couch watch a video . fuckshit fuck ! shit ! look at this crazy ass nigga over here ! stevie can not help but smile . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) how 's you head , psycho ? stevie it 's fine . fuckshit ( laugh ) it 's not fine , sunblock . there 's something wrong in that head . stevie laugh . he then get a bit serious . stevie my board break , though . stevie look down . bum . fuckshit ( smile ) you should ride one of this . fuckshit pull out and hand stevie a ultimate deck . stevie be smile huge , but then ... stevie ( in SHOCK ) I ?! fuckshit yeah . ruben be fuming . fuckshit be let stevie buy a ultimate board already ! ? stevie ( elation turn to sorrow ) yeah ... I be able to get twenty buck . I know that 's not even close to enough ... 75 . fuckshit ( smile ) this one 's for you . no one will miss it . stevie ( in SHOCK ) be you fucking serious ?! ruben ( in more SHOCK ) be you fucking serious ?! fuckshit , jorge and fourth grade can not help but smile / laugh at how genuinely happy stevie 's reaction be . fuckshit it 's yours . ruben get up and storm out of the store . jorge call after ruben , unaware that ruben be piss . jorge ( call after ruben ) ay ! go grab some skittles ! ruben be already out of the store in a huff . stevie ( to fuckshit in disbelief ) really ? stevie might actually cry tear of joy . the smile be embarrassingly big on he face . dopey even . it 's cute but not subtle . fuckshit ( laugh at how adorable ) yes , fool ! stevie think deeply for a second . stevie be I allow to thank you for this ? fuckshit ( confuse ) what ? stevie be I allow to thank you for this ? I want to , but I do not want you to think I be gay ? 76 . fuckshit nigga , what the fuck be you talk about ? stevie I really appreciate it , but I be not gay or whatever . fuckshit ( what the fuck be he talk about ? ) nothing gay about say thank you , dumb fuck . it 's just basic manners , yo . stevie ( embarrassed ) oh ... I ... thank you . fuckshit be stevie 's new hero in life . he be now a G -d to stevie . stevie ( cont 'd ) ( so genuine ) thank you so much , fuckshit . fuckshit you be welcome . now watch closely . you be gonna be set up a million of this . I be only do this for you once , homie . rapid quick CUT montage of setting up board : - two deck . - the tape . - the hand precisely lay a piece of grip tape on the wooden hand massage out all of the air bubbles in the grip side of a screw driver rub furiously against the grip tape outline in chalk the outline of the wooden deck . close on stevie 's eye watching . - a razor blade precisely cut off the excess grip tape . the board take its shape . - a screwdriver be use to poke four hole on each side of the board where the screw will go through . - four screw on both side of the board go through the deck . close on stevie 's eye watching . 77 . - the metal truck be place on the bottom of the deck with the screw go through the little hole . - a electric drill screw in the four screw on both side of the deck attach the truck . - eight bearing go into eight wheel use a giant contraption on the work space . -close on stevie 's eye watching . - the eight wheel be place onto the truck and tightened with a skate tool . - lastly , the board be flip over and close on the grip tape as a '' U '' insignia be carve out near the tale of the board with a razor blade . end of montage . fuckshit hand stevie the board and also a ultimate hoodie . stevie put the hoodie on immediately . he can not stop smile . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) go skate that shit . stevie be grin like a fool . he turn to run out to skate he new treasure . ext . ultimate shop - back parking lot - continuous stevie burst out the back . he jump around celebrate what just happen . he have never be so happy in all of he life . he admire he new treasure and almost squeal with excitement . Joy . beautiful , pure , joy . fade out . fade in : int . stevie 's house - den stevie and Ian sit in silence on opposite end of the couch watch the television . stevie now have a shave head and the full '' skater look '' . he look edgier and more confident in the room with Ian than he ever have be . they be expressionless zomby . Ian look over at stevie and notice a pack of camel Light cigarettes hang out of he pocket . Ian get a weird look on he face . why the fuck do stevie have cigarettes ? Ian be confuse and have no idea he be feel it , let alone how to show it , but this concern he . this be really fuck with Ian by the look on he face . 78 . he almost say something , but do not know how . it come out very grunt and uncomfortable . ian ( grunty ) you fuck smoke now ? stevie notice the cigarettes hang out of he pocket and quickly shove they back into he pocket . stevie look at the tv , nervous to make eye contact with Ian . stevie ( not sure what this be about ) I be hold they for my friend . Ian can not figure out the word he want to say . we see he struggle to find something to say in the form of brotherly advice or concern . Ian stay look at the tv . ian ( awkwardly grunt ) you friend smoke and shit ? you think that 's cool ? stevie do not recognize the intention or tone of this type of conversation with Ian . they both feel incredibly uncomfortable . be he about to start ridicule stevie ? what be this ? stevie stay look at the tv . stevie I uhh ... I be hold they for a friend . beat . stevie get a bit nervous . stevie ( cont 'd ) you be not gonna tell mom I have they ? Ian think for a beat . he have a hard time find word . ian you know mom use to smoke , right ? stevie think Ian be fuck with he . stevie what ? ian ( watch tv ) she do a lot of stuff like that . 79 . beat . stevie be try to figure out what Ian be try to say . ian ( cont ’d ) ( not take he eye off the tv ) she be a lot different when I be a little kid than when you be a little kid . beat of uncomfortable silence as they both continue just stare at the tv . no idea how to talk to each other . Ian be struggle to find word even harder while remain focus on the tv . as he struggle to find what he want to tell stevie he end up just make a awkward noise of find word . stevie feel uncomfortable . what the fuck be this conversation ? Ian swallow the ember of concern he have for he brother and pick up the remote and change the channel on the tv . they both go back to they zombie tv watch face . long , uncomfortable , deafening silence . beat . ruben ( 0.s. ) when do you get you car back , yo ? fuckshit ( 0.s. ) do not fuck worry about it , homie . int . bus - evening the Crew and stevie sit on the public bus in the harsh florescent lighting . laugh and joke around . they have take over the back of the bus . jorge and fourth grade write graffiti with paint pen on the back seat of the bus . fuckshit be scraping the word '' ultimate '' into the back of the seat in front of he with he house key . fuckshit you should feel lucky you ever get to ride in that car , nigga . ( piss at he parent ) my parent be be so fuck retarded , though . for real . 80 . jorge I can not wait to get my first whip so I never have to ride the fuck bus again . soon , son ! fuckshit roll he eye . jorge do not notice . fuckshit yo . so tonight should go pretty fuck smooth . Angela be have a kick back and I have be work she for like two month , nigga . she want my shit , yo . and if y’all niggas ' aint too corny you might be able to get some pussy too . she get friend come . jorge roll he eye at that and laugh to himself . fuckshit do not notice . jorge ( on the low to the crew ) yo , put out you hand . everyone kind of smile . stevie be curious and pretty nervous but will not show it . jorge pull out a prescription pill bottle and put a pill in each of they hand . stevie be really shook by this , he do not know what the fuck this be . fuckshit clock stevie 's nerve . fuckshit ( mot a great idea ) yo nigga , do not give they that shit . jorge ( do not tell I what to do ) relax , yo . do not be a bitch . fuckshit swallow he concern and repress he urge to fight with jorge . jorge ( cont 'd ) ( to stevie ) it 's ritalin . it make you hyper as fuck . it 's crazy fun . stevie look at the pill in he hand . stevie be it dangerous ? 81 . jorge my mom make I go to a fuck psychiatrist and he say I have add . he give they to I after like a hour . stevie ( nervous ) uh. be it , like , bad for you ? jorge if a doctor give it to you it can not be bad for you . this make perfect sense to stevie . jorge and the Crew all take the pill . so do stevie . fuckshit quietly throw he on the floor of the bus and pretend to take it . the crew use they saliva to swallow it , awkwardly . it take some a few try . int . angela' parent 's house - that night angela , 15 , ( caucasian but try to look like a chola with dark lipstick etc ) , and she friend , teresa , 15 , estee , 15 and zoe , 15 be in the kitchen , eat chip and salsa . jorge grab a grocery bag full of 40 ounce out of the fridge . he coyly smile at the girl . they all like he . we follow jorge through the kitchen to the back yard ... ext . angela 's back yard - continuous Fucking wire on ritalin , the crew play s.k.a.t.e. ina small concrete area . stevie be have fun , but he heart be beat out of he chest . jorge start skate around while drink a 40 . the crew grab 40s out of the bag . jorge skate over to stevie and hand he the 40 . it 's huge compare to he small body . jorge cheer , homie . stevie nervously start chugge from the 40 . jorge laugh and skate again . stevie hold the 40 take sip and watch . laugh with the crew . 82 . ext . angela 's back yard - later now the guy and the girl be a little more intermixe . they be pass around a little pipe with weed in it . fourth grade be filming people smoke and hang . stevie go to hand ruben the pipe to smoke . a peace pipe if you will . ruben coldly turn away , grab he board and skate away . stevie give a '' well , I try '' look , and smoke some more . stevie notice fuckshit watch jorge flirt with Angela . she be super into it . she want jorge . stevie see this really upset fuckshit . int . angela' house - later the boy and girl have mostly pair up with one and other . ruben and fuckshit sit on the couch watch cartoon . they be all high and hazy . stevie notice jorge take Angela into a room and how sad this make fuck shit . stevie and estee stand by the stove in the kitchen . she be taller than he by at least seven inch . stevie be fuck up for the first time ever . he do not really know how to talk to she . estee I can not believe you be in seventh grade . that be so fuck crazy . stevie ( look down ) yeah . it 's cool . I fuck hate it actually . she laugh and so do he . stevie ( cont 'd ) School be the worst shit ever . estee ( still giggle ) yeah , it 's a fuck nightmare . especially middle school . stevie just kind of nod he head . do not know what to say . estee ( cont 'd ) how long have you be friend with jorge and that guy ? stevie ( pretty fuck up ) like a couple month . it 's cool . fuckshit 's my best friend for sure . he 's so cool . fourth grade be cool , he just do not talk a lot and be always filming the stuff we do . estee cool . stevie ruben and I use to be homy , but he hate I now I think . estee why ? stevie I do not know . maybe ' cuz fuckshit like I more now I think . stevie think about this . stevie ( cont 'd ) jorge be so cool . he 's like , the coolest fuck person . but he probably do not think I be that cool . like he probably do not want to be best friend or whatever . she smile at how cute stevie be . estee you be so cute . Angela like jorge a lot . do you think jorge would actually date Angela or just like hook up with she and then like , not talk to she for like a month until he want to hook up again ? and then , like , pretend to be nice again ? stevie really do not know what to say ... stevie uh ... estee you be nicer than that guy . you be , like , naturally nice . not like , fake nice . 84 . stevie try to figure out a response . stevie thank you . you be nice too . estee you be like at the age before guy become , like , mean . stevie look down and smile . estee ( cont 'd ) have you ever do stuff with a girl ? oh shit . stevie be nervous as fuck . pull it together best he can . stevie yeah . estee look at stevie skeptically but with a sly smile . she 's pretty sure he 's full of shit . she grab he hand and lead he away ... through the live room , where fuckshit be watch the cartoon show '' Doug '' on the tv. fuckshit and ruben clock estee lead stevie ... fuckshit ( whisper to himself in disbelief ) what the fuck ? int . angela' parent bedroom - a little later stevie and estee sit on the bed with the light off . only the moonlight show we anything . stevie be crazy nervous . after a long silence , estee lean in and kiss stevie . they start make out ... not in a movie way , but just a long early teenage make out . no music , just sound of make out . after a uncomfortably long time , she stop kissing he . she take off she shirt and bra . she take she pants off . she take he hand and very slowly move it up she leg . she guide stevie 's hand up she thigh and into she underwear . she move stevie 's hand around . after a few moment of search we see he face turn to surprise / confusion / shock but he be hide it well . she then take stevie 's pants off . she put she hand in he crotch . 85 . we show whatever be legally possible to show and try and make this as authentic as possible to convey the awkwardness and discomfort of teenage sexuality . close up on there face for a uncomfortably long time . hard CUT to : int . angela' parent bedroom —- minute later in silence , stevie sit on one side of the bed pull he jeans up over he boxer . estee be put she shirt on . no bad feeling or anything like that , just awkward teenage '' I do not know how to have a normal conversation after this '' . estee get up and walk towards the door but do not exit . she turn towards stevie . estee come on . stevie get up and walk towards she . she give stevie a sweet smile . he give she a sweet smile back . she open the door and they walk out , but not hold hand this time . int . angela' live room - second later the girl clock estee and stevie and know where they have be . estee veer off towards the girl in the kitchen and they all giggle a bit . stevie hear the guy outside and walk out the door to go be with they . the crew laugh at jorge 's retelling of what happen in he hook up with Angela . everyone be into the story except fuckshit who be fume . jorge be so unaware that he hurt he friend tonight . stevie walk up with a smile he can not contain . they shift they focus towards he . except for ruben , they be all happy as fuck for stevie and a little ready to give hima hard time / be go to make he tell they everything . jorge ( huge smile ) what the fuck 's up , sunblock ? stevie smile from ear to ear . the Crew start laugh . give stevie bro hug prop . 86 . fuckshit you need to tell we what the fuck happen in there . whip pan to stevie . he look like the happiest deer ever to be catch in headlight . stevie ( mind blow ) she put two of my finger in she vagina . whip pan back to the Crew . the crew ooooohhhhhh / shit ! / hahahaha ! whip pan to stevie . he 's fuck up and laugh with they . he 's way looser than we have ever see he . stevie it 's like , so much further down than I always think . it 's so low . whip pan to the Crew . they explode with laughter . whip pan to fourth grade . FOURTH grade ( laugh then '' the more you know '' ) you know there 's a third hole just for pee ? whip pan to stevie . stevie do not know that . whip pan to fuckshit . fuckshit everybody fuck know that . what else happen ? whip pan to stevie . stevie ( so happy ) she touch my dick . like , a lot . whip pan back to the crew . they be give he prop . the crew shit / that 's tight ! 87. stevie feel like the man . stevie ( so genuine / waste ) I would like to have that happen more . fuckshit estee be bangin’ . props little , nigga . the crew that 's dope / prop . jorge look at stevie and smile and laugh a little . jorge be pretty waste and be proud of the other casanova in the group . jorge that 's what 's up , homie ! the guy all drunk skate . jorge be veer on uncomfortably fuck up . he put he arm around stevie . jorge ( cont 'd ) ( slurring ) look at yuur man , fingare grll and shit . you , fuck yeah , man . jorge hand he the 40 . jorge ( cont 'd ) drrnk that shit , sunblock . stevie be drunk but continue to drink more . jorge watch stevie drink more . smiling at get stevie fuck up for the first time . jorge ( cont 'd ) you fuck up , huh ? stevie smile and nod he head . jorge ( cont 'd ) you know it 's only get better from here . only get better and bigger , yo . stevie nod he head . he be loving this attention from jorge . jorge ( cont 'd ) ( to stevie ) you my homie , lil 's homie . 88 . stevie be in heaven . he be accept by jorge . he be so proud that jorge consider he a friend . stevie 's hero worship have now be transfer from fuckshit to jorge . jorge ( cont 'd ) ( to himself / drunk ) we about to blow up . ( to stevie ) drink that shit , yo . stevie do . jorge want stevie to be as fuck up as he be . it 's uncomfortable . jorge ( cont 'd ) ahhh . that 's funny shit , yo . you love this shit ? stevie what ? jorge ( wave he arm ) all this fuck shit ? stevie ( smile ) yeah . jorge yell that shit , then ? stevie look confuse but into it . stevie I fuck love this shit ? jorge louder , yo. fuckin 's louder . stevie ( scream ) I fuck love this shit ! jorge ( yell ) louder , yo ! in heaven to be bond with jorge . stevie I fucking love this shit ! I fucking love this shit !!!!! I fucking love this shitii111 ! 89 . jorge and stevie laugh . stevie ( cont 'd ) do you guy fucking love this shit ?! the crew ( waste ) we love this shit ! / what ? stevie I love this shit ! jorge I love this shit ! fuckshit look over piss at jorge . fuckshit you too drunk , nigga ! jorge just laugh at fuckshit . fuckshit skate around in he own world . jorge y'all love this shit ?! ruben reluctantly scream . the crew I love this shit !/ I love this shit ! wide shot of all of they in the back yard scream . everyone I love this shit ! I love this shit ! int . stevie 's house - front entrance - 1:30 am that night we hear a key attempt to open a lock . stevie enter the house , try to be super quiet . dabney be pass out on the front hall chair . stevie sneak past she . int . hallway - continuous Ian stand in the hallway wait for stevie to walk by he sheepishly as he normally do . instead , stevie bullishly and confidently walk up to Ian in the hallway without lowering he head or even acknowledge Ian be there . Ian be almost in shock he do not know how to react to this version of stevie . stevie stare he dead in he eye . 90 . ian ( dead serious / scary / as concerned as he can ever be ) what the fuck be you do , stevie ? you be fuck up . stevie be fume . he breathes deep sigh of anger and finally spew out ... stevie ( fill with rage ) you can't fuck with I anymore ! !!!! before Ian can react stevie shove Ian as hard as he can . Ian , catch off guard and in shock , fly back into he door really hard and hit the ground . stevie cannot believe what he have just do , but be have a rage black out . he run away from Ian and head towards the kitchen . Ian shoot up like lighten and chase after stevie into the kitchen ! int . stevie 's house - kitchen - continuous stevie crash into the kitchen and frantically open the fridge and grab Ian 's orange juice with he name write on it in sharpie . Ian crash into the kitchen immediately and look like he be go to murder stevie . stevie frantically open the orange juice and unzip he fly . he take he dick out of he pants and begin pissing in Ian 's orange juice . Ian rush over and start beat the shit out of stevie . the hardest beat we have see stevie take so far , but this time stevie be fight back . hard . he be take real shot at Ian which only be infuriate Ian more . this be so brutal and uncomfortable to watch . tear be flow from both kid and fist be say what word should be in a perfect world . Ian very deliberately punch stevie in the face . twice . the first actual full face punch we have see Ian throw . dabney , all of the sudden , crash into the kitchen and messily break up the fight . it be violent and ugly even when they mother be in the middle . she finally get they to stop . it be similar to the beginning of the movie , except all three of they be sit silently on the floor breathe insanely heavily . this be a incredibly emotionally charge moment for everyone . this time , stevie pop up and run out of the room . int . stevie 's bedroom - moment later stevie run into he room and slam the door . he stumble as if he do not know where to go or what to do . he be search for something but do not know what . he lunge to the floor at he nintendo . on he knee , he grab the nintendo controller and wrap the rubber cord around he neck . 91 . he pull he hand and different direction , aggressively choke himself with the cord . this be painful to watch . he do it for a few second in real time . his face turn bright red and as he be run out of air he lets go of the cord . he fall onto he back gasp for air . we see the red mark around he neck leave by the cord . he gasp for air and breathes heavy for a uncomfortable amount of time . ext . ultimate shop - out front - the next day close up of dabney 's hand on the back of stevie 's neck forcing he into the shop . stevie mom , please ! dabney say nothing and just drag stevie into the store . stevie have a giant black eye from the punch he take from Ian the night before . int . ultimate shop - hang out area - continuous ding ! dabney burst into the store with she hand on stevie 's neck . the crew all look up like '' what be go on here ? '' dabney drag stevie over to the work station where fuckshit be read a magazine . dabney what be you name ? stevie be so embarrassed . fuckshit my name ? dabney what be you name ? this be not gonna be good . fuckshit ( reluctantly ) fuckshit . dabney fuckshit ?! perfect name . listen to me. you do not give my son alcohol . fuckshit Lady ... 92 . dabney don 't you '' lady '' I . you do not give my son alcohol . you do not give my son drug . do you understand I ? fuckshit look at stevie , who be mortify . fuckshit decide to do he friend a solid and nod he head to dabney . fuckshit cool . dabney it better be cool , fuck head , or whatever the fuck you name be . ruben laugh . he be happy stevie be be embarrassed so hard right now . dabney ( cont 'd ) ( to ruben ) you think this be funny ?! ruben yes . jorge and fuckshit chuckle . dabney you know what I find funny ? ( beat / quietly frantic ) I find it funny that ten year from now I 's will be go to the gas station and one of you will be clean my windshield . this actually hurt the crew member . she 's be way too harsh and be hit some nerve . dabney ( cont 'd ) so laugh hard now . because stevie will be at he good job while you will only have the memory of my anger to laugh about while you be sleep in a cardboard fuck box . the crew be silent and hurt . stevie be mortify . fuckshit ( sincere / hurt ) you do not know we . 93. dabney I do not . and I do not want to . beat . FOURTH grade ( 0.s. ) ( super confuse / genuine ) why be not you asian ? dabney whip around to fourth grade . dabney what ? FOURTH grade I think you be asian ? dabney be so furious and confuse . dabney ( confuse anger to stevie ) what be he talk about ?! FOURTH grade be she mad about the finger ? stevie 's face turn bright red and be somehow even more mortify . fuckshit and jorge shake they head like '' Jesus , fourth grade '' . ruben be in heaven at this embarrassing scene . dabney ( confuse / even more angry ) what finger ?! stevie mom ! stevie have have enough . he grab he mom 's hand and forcefully lead she out to the front of the store . dabney ( over she shoulder ) say goodbye , stevie ! this be the last time you ever come here ! ding ! ext . ultimate shop - out front - continuous stevie be fuming as be dabney . stevie what be you do ?!!??!? 94 , dabney what be you do ?!? stevie be search for word . he can not find they . stevie ahhhhh !!!! dabney who be these kide ?! they look like ... ( can not find non- racist word ) gang ... member . stevie have have enough ! stevie be that it ?! you mean they look black ?! and mexican ?! you mean they look , not white ?! dabney be very hurt by this assumption , not realize he may have find some uncomfortable truth . dabney oh jesus fucking christ ! you think I ’m racist ?! I love all race ! stevie just not when they 're hanging out with you son ! dabney I won ’t even entertain this conversation ! stevie be that it ?! be that it ?! dabney 's eye tear up . dabney ( to herself ) I can not do this . you can not put I through this , too . tear stream down she cheek . stevie ( so hurt . he 's do with she ) what you just do to I ... in there ... ( more ) 95 . stevie ( cont 'd ) ( swallow he tear ) I can not be around you . he can not not hate she in this moment . beat . dabney ( very upset ) you use to like spend time with I . beat . stevie I finally make some friend that be not my mom . you best friend be a twelve - year-old . you think I give a shit about you date ?! ( dabney be really wounded ) it 's pathetic . ( with hate and tear in he eye ) I get a life . you need to get one too . dabney be crush . beat . dabney you have become ugly . she walk away in tear , fumble with she key , get in she car and drive off . stevie be by himself . he pick up he board and smack the wheel into the concrete a few time in anger . ext . back parking lot of ultimate shop - evening with a intense and angere look on he face , stevie do ollie after ollie . he now landing 90 percent of they . it be impressive and obsessive . he be drench in sweat . fuckshit walk out back and light up a cigarette . stevie do not even notice . he just keep ollie . close up on stevie 's intense face . close up on fuckshit notice this and smoking . fuckshit yo . stevie be startle . fuckshit laugh . 96 . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) relax , dude . stevie fetch he board . do not say anything . fuckshit walk over to stevie and sit against the wall he be near . stevie sit down next to he against the wall . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) you a’ight ? stevie be catch he breath while look down at he foot . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) you do not look a’ight . stevie stay look down at he foot . catch he breath . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) you mom be a uh ... real serious . beat of stevie breathe . stevie I can not take this shit sometimes . fuckshit nod he head for a second . fuckshit what kind of shit ? stevie just shit . fuckshit take it in . figure out what to say . fuckshit I think sometimes we think we own life be the most fuck up . ( beat ) but I think if you look in anyone 's closet , you would not trade you shit for they shit . stevie look at fuckshit for the first time in this conversation . beat . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) fourth grade 's mom die when he be like , a baby . stevie have never think about fourth grade 's life beyond filming and hang out . 97 . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) and he 's also , literally , the poorest person I have ever meet . like , not even make a joke . he be the brokest ass motherfucker I know . like , homeboy do not own sock . stevie take this in . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) ruben 's mom beat the fuck out of he and he sister . stevie be affect by this . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) jorge can not see he mom sometimes . she 's hook on pill and shit . he come home from school , like a year ago , and she have take like a million pill . she should have die . but she do not . and now he can not see she sometimes for like month . that 's why he life with he grandma . stevie can barely swallow he 's so shook up by this . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) my young brother die . Three year ago . he be like a year young than you . cross the street to go to soccer practice . hit by a old man who should not have even be fuck drive . stevie be so upset for he friend he eye water . fuckshit stare ahead of he . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) and now I have this car , right ? no way my parent could afford two truck . it 's like they spend the money they would have spend on he , on I . every time I drive that motherfucker I think , '' I would not have this car if my brother be here . '' fuckshit take a deep breath . stevie be silent . 98 . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) after he die . you know what happen the next night ? stevie do not say anything . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) jorge come to my house , drag I to the courthouse , and make I go skate with he ' till the sun come up . they sit in silence for a long beat . fuckshit punch stevie 's arm with a love tap . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) let 's go . they get up . ext . courthouse - night emotionally tonal music play as we see shot of stevie and fuckshit skate the courthouse at night . there be a aggression , beauty and a therapeutic nature to they skate . they be sweat and skate into the wee hour of the night . fuckshit be asleep on one of the ledge in the middle of the night . stevie look up at a homeless man , 50 , sit on the Upper deck drink out of a bottle of liquor at a picnic table by himself . stevie stare at he . stevie approach he and sit at the table with he . the homeless man barely look up at stevie and breathes heavy . stevie put two dollar on the table and slide over to he . stevie can I have some ? the homeless man pass he the bottle . stevie take three big swig . homeless man hey . stevie hand he back the bottle . choke a bit from the amount of alcohol he drank . 99 . stevie pull out a pack of cigarettes and light one up and start smoking . he offer one to the homeless man . he light he and smoke . homeless man ( cont ’d ) I like watch the kid skateboard . stevie do not say anything . the homeless man take another swig from the bottle . he put it down . homeless man ( cont ’d ) it 's nice . the homeless man start breathe heavy and pass out . stevie stare at he for a long beat . stevie pick up he bottle and start swigging from it . he make sure the homeless man be asleep . CUT to : ext . courthouse - later that night stevie skate around while swigging from the bottle of alcohol . he be clearly fuck up . CUT to : ext . courthouse - sunrise stevie be asleep on one of the ledge near fuckshit as the sun come up . stevie 's board be next to he as be the now empty bottle of alcohol . ext . back parking lot of ultimate shop - a couple week later banner : third annual ultimate bbq stevie be wear he ultimate hoodie . he carry a tray of freeze burger patty and hot dog and breeze past ruben as they give each other a dirty look . ruben be collect two buck a head as skater pour into the store for the party . stevie weave in and out of skater hang and drink in the store and make he way out back . the back parking lot be packed with a 150 skater kide , all age . there be a barbecue set up with fourth grade grill hot dog and hamburger and talk to another skater , 18 . stevie drop off he tray of freeze meat to fourth grade . 100 . FOURTH grade ( to stevie ) thanks . ( to the skater ) I know it sound crazy , but cinnamon . just a fuck dash of cinnamon . this be ready ! kid swarm and grab at the burger and hot dog like zomby at flesh . within second the tray be empty . FOURTH grade ( cont ’d ) ( to the skater ) this people be animal . there be a Quarter pipe and knee high metal handrail set up that the best skater be skate as the other kid watch . it look crazy fun . stevie approach fourth grade and drop off the freeze meat . fuckshit pull he truck into the back parking lot , narrowly avoid kid . he jump out . fuckshit look who 's get he fuck ride back , nigga ! the crew be excited . he pop the trunk and stevie and the crew help he carry booze and 40s out of the back and put they in ice bucket . the skater all attack the booze . time CUT : int . ultimate store bathroom - later stevie walk into the bathroom and see jorge meticulously groom himself in the mirror . he slick back he hair and make sure he outfit look absolutely perfectly '' messy '' . every tear in he dicky or roll up sleeve be incredibly think out and deliberate . he notice stevie walk in , but do not have a shred of shame or embarrassment about he groom ritual . jorge ( happy to see stevie ) oh what up , sunblock ? stevie ( happy to be greet by he hero so warmly ) what up , jorge ! 101 . jorge reach out for a fist bump with one hand , and pick up a almost empty 40 ounce off the sink . he take a few swig and hand it to stevie . jorge kill it , dog . stevie start chugge it . jorge ( cont 'd ) finish that shit ! pound that shit ! stevie be a old pro at this point , take down the rest of the 40 with ease . jorge laugh and go back to make he hair look perfect . jorge ( cont 'd ) Big fuck day today . Heard a bunch of pro be come through . stevie ( light up ) for real ? jorge ( still groom in mirror ) for real , yo . I gotta kill it today . I look fresh , I just gotta land everything . stevie give a encourage smile . stevie ( in awe ) you get this . jorge ( pump / a little nervous ) I look dope as fuck , right ? stevie so dope . jorge fake wrestle with stevie as they crash out of the bathroom door . ext . ultimate shop - back parking lot - later stevie be follow jorge around like a puppy as jorge work the room . stevie be work the room , emulate jorge best he can . time CUT : 102 . jorge be now busting trick and landing everything clean as hell . stevie be follow he around busting he little trick he can do . Little olly . 180s . he 's get better . stevie clock the chocolate pro , Daniel and chico , that jorge be hang with at the courthouse watch jorge skate . they seem really impressed . stevie see jorge clock the pro and head over to they . stevie watch jorge and the pro bro-hug and exchange laugh . stevie watch for a moment and then we see he make the decision to approach jorge and the pro . jorge introduce stevie to the pro like he little buddy . jorge this be the little homie '' sunblock '' . the pro say hi , but barely give he a polite greeting . jorge see the pro be not into this little kid . jorge ( cont 'd ) this little bitch will do anything we tell he to . the pro laugh . we see on he face , this make stevie feel really bad . he think he be past that kind of thing with jorge . we see stevie make the conscious decision to lean into what make they laugh even if it hurt he inside . stevie ( make fun of himself ) that 's right . I be the ultimate bitch . stevie do a mock curtsy . the pro and jorge laugh . stevie laugh along with they , but it 's painful to watch he degrade himself for they . stevie see fuckshit across the lot clocking stevie do he dance monkey act for the pro . fuckshit look subtly disappointed in he . jorge go grab we some forty , bitch . stevie ( brave a smile ) for sure . stevie walk away . we see he fake smile turn to a painful expression . 103 . ext . ultimate shop - back parking lot - a hour later everyone be wasted . stevie skate around and finish off a 40 . ruben bump into he . stevie catch himself before he fall , but this be aggressive . they be both very drunk . ruben watch where the fuck you skate at . stevie look at he . stevie what be you problem , man ? ruben you be my fuck problem , faggot ! kid start to notice and gather around . fuckshit be no where to be find . jorge be celebrate and get fuck up with he new friend . fourth grade just film . stevie fuck you . ruben I would , but you be too busy suck jorge 's dick ! stevie why do not you go get I a forty since you be the store bitch ! ruben push stevie . stevie ( cont 'd ) do not fuck touch I . ruben what the fuck be you gonna do , faggot ?! ruben push stevie a little harder . stevie I swear you touch I again and I '1l beat you ass like you fuck mom do ! ruben push stevie hard . stevie crash down ! the crowd be excited for a fight . flash of Ian beat on stevie from the open . stevie leap up and start beat the shit out of ruben ! !!! it be violent and really ugly . 104 . stevie see flash of Ian beat he in the open . ruben 's face be bleed and stevie just be blind with rage . punch and punch . his hand be bleed . his eye be fill with tear . more flash of Ian punch stevie in the face in the kitchen . ruben be bloody as hell . stevie keep beat . finally , fuckshit pull stevie off of ruben ! fuckshit what the fuck be you do , nigga ?! stevie can not speak . he be sobbing . he be overcome with emotion and tear . fuckshit pick up ruben . he be bloody but fine . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) you okay ? ruben fuck you ! the two boy be sit on the concrete separate . exhausted and terrify . it be intense . Long , tense beat . ext . ultimate shop - back parking lot - later the bbq be almost empty . fuckshit and fourth grade clean up the back parking lot . stevie sit by himself on the ground get really fuck up , drink a 40 . he be really shake by what go down earlier . fuckshit and fourth grade go over to stevie . fuckshit you okay ? stevie can not look at he or talk . he 's really shake up . jorge and ruben walk over really waste . ruben 's face be fucked up . he and stevie avoid eye contact . jorge where the muthafuckin’ party at ?! jorge be laugh . so happy and fuck up . the rest of the crew have a dark vibe about they . jorge be , of course , unaware . 105 . jorge ( cont 'd ) we celebratin’ life tonight , yo ! ( to fuckshit ) the chocolate dude tell I about a party let take you car and fuck rage , yo ! fuckshit and jorge need to talk but now be not the time . fuckshit I be fuck waste . you be fuck waste . we be all fuck waste . no fuck way I can drive . it 's be a crazy day , let 's just call it quit , nigga . jorge ( no way ) fuck that noise , yo ! not tonight ! not tonight ! we celebrate tonight ! you can drive , yo ! fuckshit ( serious ) no I can not . I be fuck up . jorge grab into fuckshit 's pocket and grab he key . jorge Fine pussy ! I will drive ! fuckshit look piss . jorge get in the driver 's seat . jorge ( cont 'd ) fuckshit you riding in the back ' cuz you be a bitch , dog ! sunblock , you be riding up front because you get pussy like I , yo . stevie look at fuckshit like '' should I get in ? be you get in ? '' jorge ( cont 'd ) sunblock get in the fuck car ! stevie be not sure what to do . jorge ( cont 'd ) sunblock ! get in the fucking car ! stevie be nervous and scared . he get up and get in the front seat . 106 . jorge ( cont 'd ) fourth grade get you fuck ass in here ! fourth grade be scared of jorge and get in the car . jorge ( cont 'd ) ruben , you better get you ass in the fuck car , now ! ruben , drunken and angrily , get in the back seat . jorge stare at fuckshit . fuckshit stare back . it 's a showdown . fuckshit will not let stevie go by himself with a drunk jorge . he reluctantly get in the car in the back seat . int . mitsubishi montero suv - minute later jorge drive down the street of palm . he be drunk and all over the road . he squint he eye but be full of happiness . fuckshit ( drunk but concerned ) just pull the fuck car over . jorge I be not gonna let you bring I down . not tonight , yo . fuckshit what 's so special about tonight ? something you want to tell we ? jorge turn around to yell back at fuckshit . it 's scary . we see fourth grade get very nervous . he fiddle with he camera because he be drunk and nervous and do not know how to vocalize he concern for jorge 's drive . stevie be in he own head . stevie ( to himself really freak out / drunk / teary eye ) that be really bad . jorge turn around recklessly to talk to fuckshit . jorge yeah there be something I want to tell you , but I can not because you will just be a fuck hater about it ! revision 107 . fuckshit watch the fuck road ! ruben ( furious / embarrassed ) you be a fuck piece of shit , stevie ! jorge this be the best night of my fuck life and I can not even tell my boy about it ! fuckshit say what you gotta say motherfucker ! ! jorge keep turn around recklessly while yell at fuckshit . fourth grade be uncomfortably toy with he camera . he be really scared right now . his eye be now close . ruben I be the only person who even fuck talked to you ! stevie ( fully in tear to himself ) I should not have fuck do that . stevie see more flash of he beat ruben and Ian beat he . jorge they put I on the chocolate amateur team !!! there ! I say it ! it 's the best thing that 's ever happened to I !!! now say all the negative shit you want to say about it and I , yo !!! jorge keep look back to the road and then turn back to yell at fuckshit . everyone be scared shitless but emotion be run high . fuckshit I want to be fucking happy for you but you 're such a piece of shit about everything , nigga !!! 108. ruben ( freaking out ) the second jorge and fuckshit start talk to you , you fuck bail ! stevie ( to himself / cry ) what the fuck do I do ?! FOURTH grade ( begging he friend ) stop fighting , guy !! jorge shut the fuck up and film ! that 's why you're here ! fourth grade look deeply hurt . fuckshit don ’t fucking talk like that to he !!!) jorge you don ’t do shit but film ! you don't contribute , you just film our live ! so shut the fuck up and film ! fourth grade be crush and also super freak out . stevie be cry into he hand . he roll down he window to heave in fresh air . fuckshit you don ’t think about anyone but yo 's fuckin 's self , nigga !!!!! jorge check the road . jorge you're just jealous of I !! stevie be rock back and forth freaking out . he hang he right arm out the window almost try to escape the car . fuckshit fuck ! you ! ruben you're a piece of shit ! 109 . stevie ( freaking out ) I fucked up ! jorge you just don ’t have it , yo ! just be happy that I do , and you know I ! jorge turn to continue yell at fuckshit but as he do , he arm turn the wheel ... the car violently flip over !!! the car be on it 's side and stevie 's arm be trapped under the car . jorge be above he strapped into he seat belt . the car skid across the asphalt . there be only deafen natural noise hear . the car skid to a halt on its side . we only hear natural noise which be only heavy breathe from the crew and the blinker blink . jorge be conscious and hang from he seat belt , suspend above stevie . stevie be unconscious but breathe . there be glass and blood all over he . we can not see he arm . jorge look down at stevie . he be not sure , as be we not sure , if stevie be about to die . jorge unclick he seat belt and come crashing down on top of stevie . jorge make a grunt but stevie just breathes heavily . jorge be awkwardly on top of stevie and be try to wake he up silently by grab he face . stevie be breathe but not respond . stevie finally open he eye , but he cannot really move or talk . he look right into jorge 's eye . jorge look back into stevie 's eye . silence for a long beat . fuckshit ( freak the fuck out ) what the fuck ?! ( in pain ) be you guy okay ? FOURTH grade ( in pain ) yeah . ruben ( in pain / shock ) yeah . jorge ( in complete SHOCK ) sunblock be ... sunblock be fuck up ... 110 . close up on stevie as he lay there breathe silently with he eye open . we hold on stevie for a uncomfortably long time in silence except for the click of the blinker . very haunt and simple music be now all we hear as we hold on stevie 's face even longer . int . emergency room - 15 minute later we still only hear the haunt and simple music as two ambulance guy , mid 20 , come crashing through the automatic door of the emergency room wheeling stevie in on a gurney . stevie have some cut on he face and we see a massive blob of white bandage around he right arm . he look beyond out of it . stevie be in shock . int . emergency surgery room - moment later two doctor , 40s , stand over stevie have a hurried discussion . the song fade out . stevie 's Pov : of the two doctor stand over he . ( it look like there 's vaseline on the lense to create stevie 's haze view . ) doctor 1 I think we might have to take it off . doctor 2 he 's lose a lot of blood but I think we can graft and he can keep the arm . stevie 's Pov shift past the doctor with the same vaseline hazy filter to the corner of the room where dabney be sit in a chair sobbing . int . operating room - minute later the doctor do a skin graft from stevie 's right leg and graft the skin to he right arm . his right arm be tear apart and we see the bone . fade out . fade in : 111 . int . stevie 's hospital room - the next morning dabney be fold stevie 's ultimate sweatshirt he be wear during the crash . the right arm be completely shred . she look at the damage of the sweatshirt . she continue to fold it to keep it for he . stevie slowly open he eye . his arm be bandage up post surgery . dabney sit next to the bed in a chair . dabney and stevie look into each other eye . Silent beat . dabney ( shook up and quiet ) they be talk about take you arm off . stevie can not look she in the eye . dabney ( cont 'd ) ( tear up ) they say you be lucky you do not die . beat of silence . stevie look down . stevie this feel so weird . ( beat ) I be in the hospital . all hurt . and it feel like you should feel bad for I , but you be so scared and ... mad at I . it make I ... sad ... that I be make you feel this way . beat . dabney take this in . dabney I be disappointed . ( beat ) and freak the fuck out . ( beat ) I be ... furious . and terrify . this crush stevie . dabney ( cont 'd ) ( into he eye ) stevie , come on . I know you can do it , so just do it . stevie tear up look at he mom . revision 112 . dabney ( cont 'd ) you know that I love you . you can get through this time . we can . beat . stevie I be not try to scare you because I be scared to . dabney tear up . Long beat . dabney ( look away ) where would you go , stevie ? beat . dabney ( cont 'd ) you use to be my best friend . Long beat . stevie tear up . stevie ( really quiet ) I just be not sure if I be a good person . they both sit in silence . she put she hand on he face . beat . dabney you be not old enough to be a bad person . beat . int . hospital waiting room - minute later dabney walk out of the room , exhaust , dishevel and hold she rumple coffee cup . she stop in she track as she enter the wait room . she see fuckshit , fourth grade and ruben dangle off of chair , fast asleep . they have sleep there all night . she stare at each of they baby face . while sleep they seem angelic . this be just kid . Children . dabney be overwhelm with emotion that this boy sleep there all night . she understand the love this boy have for each other . she walk over to fuckshit . he gently wake up . he look deep into dabney 's eye without say anything . she say nothing . they make a very emotional lock of eye . dabney show warmth in she face towards he for the first time . beat. revision 113 . int . stevie 's hospital room - minute later we enter mid conversation between stevie and fuckshit . fuckshit sit in the same chair next to stevie 's hospital bed . stevie be jorge in a lot of trouble ? his fight with jorge still sting , but fuckshit feel really bad for he at the same time . fuckshit yeah . they be quiet for a beat . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) ( nervously ) can I see it ? beat . stevie ( little laugh ) they take a picture . stevie show he the photo of he mangle arm with the bone stick out . fuckshit scream . fuckshit fuck ! shit ! nigga what the fuck ?! stevie laugh . fuckshit be take aback but let out laugh . the laughter chill . beat . fuckshit ( cont 'd ) ( emotional / sincere ) I be really glad you okay , nigga . stevie painfully smile . it mean a lot that fuckshit say that to he . beat . stevie ( emotional ) I too . fuckshit extend he hand for a bro handshake with stevie . stevie take he good arm and weakly extend it back . they bro-shake carefully and thoughtfully . beat. revision 114 . fuckshit ( sincere smile ) you take the hardest hit of anyone I ever meet . beat . stevie really take in the photo of he mangle arm . stevie ( really thoughtfully ) I do not think I need to that anymore . they both think about this . beat . int . stevie 's hospital room - minute later ruben sit in the chair next to stevie 's bed . you can feel in the heavy silence how bad both this kid feel about how they treat one and other . Long beat . stevie ( heavily sincere ) I be sorry . beat. ruben ( the absolute truth ) no , I be . shot from behind of the two boy sit in silence . int . stevie 's hospital room - minute later we enter mid , well not conversation , more like extremely awkward silence between fourth grade and stevie . they have probably never speak before . they uncomfortably do they equivalent of twiddle they thumb in the uncomfortable silence . fourth grade sit in the chair next to stevie 's hospital bed . stevie so ... uncomfortable beat of silence . stevie ( cont 'd ) you know , fourth grade , I really do not know you that well . 115 . stevie smile realize the truth . fourth grade take this in and think deeply about it . after a long beat of think he look at stevie in the eye and give a thoughtful response . FOURTH grade ( very sincere ) yeah ... but ... I be still there . stevie take this in . there be a beat of silence but it 's not awkward as much as it 's cathartic . another beat . FOURTH grade ( cont ’d ) do not tell anyone I show you this . but since you be all fuck up , I 'il show it to you . fourth grade get up and pull some cable out of he pocket . he be hold he camcorder and begin put the plug in the hospital tv and the camcorder and mess with the aux setting . it 's ready . FOURTH grade ( cont ’d ) it 's something I have be work on . you be awesome in it . fourth grade hit play and as he walk out of the room he lovingly squeeze stevie 's shoulder . he leave . dead CENTER shot on stevie watch the television from he hospital bed as we hear music and skate sound from the crew off the camcorder . we stay dead CENTER on stevie as the camera slowly move in closer and closer to stevie . the camera slowly move closer and closer to stevie 's face as he watch . his face be expressionless but he take a couple deep breath , experience emotion while watch this . the camera slowly move closer and closer to he face until we be locked on he eye . the same shot that open the movie . we hold on he eye . his eye very , very minimally glass up . hold on stevie 's eye for a long beat . we hear the sound of the crew laugh and skate . we hear a knock at the door . stevie turn the t.v. off with the remote . stevie look over he shoulder to see Ian stand at the doorway . Ian nod towards the chair . ian can ... stevie yeah . revision 116 . Ian sit in the chair next to stevie 's bed in the heaviest silence we have feel so far since we have meet stevie . this silence feel like it 's last forever . stevie ( cont 'd ) ( the hardest question he 's ever ask ) why do not you want to be my brother ? this shred Ian like a blade . Ian look off to the farthest corner of the room with he eye to avoid stevie 's eye . Ian take a deep , staggered breath . Long beat . ian ( the hardest sentence he 's ever say ) it 's not you . ( beat ) I be fuck up , stevie . Ian keep he eye focus at the furthest corner of the room away from stevie 's eye . beat . stevie there 's no one I like more than you . beat . Ian 's eye do not well up with tear , but if they could , they would . Ian do not say anything . he just get up and begin to leave the room while look down the whole time . he stop by stevie 's bed . ian ( he eye be well up / so quietly ) you friend seem nice . stevie 's eye can not help but water up but he rapidly wipe they away . Ian look into he jacket pocket , and reach in . he pull out the half bottle of drakkar noir cologne from the open and gently place it next to stevie 's torso on he hospital bed . he make eye contact with stevie for the first time for a split second and exit the room . stevie be alone . he examine the bottle of cologne and just the corner of he mouth wrinkle into a fragment of a smile . he stare at the cologne . CUT to black .