fade in : int . tv studio - day a susskind - type moderator be speak into camera : moderator tonight we will discuss a subject most of we seem to consider either bad taste or frivolous or funny . but if we expert be right , we face what might be call a masculinity crisis . every fourth american man uptight , threaten by the increase sexual demand of american woman ... ext . sidewalk interview - day a irate woman speak into camera : irate woman they always put it that way , but well , all it mean , you know , be every fourth american woman 's never satisfied . that 's it . I never be -- have be , you know ... ext . sidewalk interview - day a cool woman speak into camera : cool woman this , this image of the , the man eat woman . it be not we increase demand . I think it 's the shrink american male ... ext . sidewalk interview - day a sad woman speak into camera : sad woman no , I never have , well , whatever it be you call it . but the hour he work , I can not blame he ... int . cafeteria scullery ( TEXAS ) - day full frame -- a scandal sheet picture of a sex -starve wife , naked while she husband sleep , caption I buy what my husband can't give . sad woman' voice ... but it 's a problem . a big problem . with so many woman I know ... camera pull back to show the picture among other pinup of woman -- rich , beautiful or naked , but all blonde -- steam wilted on the wall over a dishwash machine . joe buck grin at the wall as he scrape garbage . job just keep you pants on , lady ... multiple split screen a lady commentator , gradually surround by lonely woman ... beauty parlor fashion show psychiatrist's couch cocktail bar gymnasium statue of LIBERTY lady commentator before World War one -- american man outnumber woman by over six percent . today american woman not only outnumber man , but live five year longer -- leave they in control of vast corporate wealth and seventy - five percent of America 's purchase power ... the Lady commentator be replace by Joe , stack dish , surround by frustrated lady . he laugh tolerantly . joe y'all , line up and take you turn ... int . tv studio - day the moderator smile into camera . moderator my question be this -- will american know - how come up with a marketable male to replace all the man who be worry themselves into a early grave over woman 's increase sexual demand ? int . stall shower - day Joe sing as he soap himself , " whoopee it yi yo , git along little dogy , for you know New York will be you new home ! " sound and image freeze on Joe 's open mouth . superimposed MAIN title and credit title follow as indicate , sound and action continue after each credit . int . sunshine cafeteria - day Joe 's song continue over a sweat waitress , glance up . waitress where 's that Joe Buck ? int . HOTEL room - day wrapped in a towel , sing in front of he dresser mirror , Joe spray himself with deodorant , aim a last playful blast at the unseen crotch -- freezing song and image as credit continue over ... ... a calendar girl on the wall blush orange , mouth freeze in a tiny o , stare wide - eye . Joe 's song continue as ... ... Joe rip the wrapping from a new stetson and set it on he head , freezing song and image as credit continue . int . cafeteria scullery - day ralph , a aging black man , face a mountain of dirty dish . ralph where 's that Joe Buck ? int . HOTEL room - day sing as he button he new cowboy shirt , Joe interrupt himself to answer Ralph ... joe yeah , where 's that Joe Buck ? ... continue he song as he pull up and zip he tight thighed black slack , freezing song and image for credit . int . remembered beauty parlor - another time sally buck , a pretty middle - age blonde , smile down at camera , sally buck you look real nice , Joe baby ... int . HOTEL room - day Joe sing as he pull on he new cowboy boot , arrange he cuff to show off the yellow sunburst at the ankle , freezing song and image for credit . int . sunshine cafeteria - day the pink manager scowl at he pocket watch . manager where 's that Joe Buck ? int . HOTEL room - day Joe hum as he pile a complete wardrobe of cowboy clothes , still in they wrapper , into a shiny new suitcase of black and white horsehide . joe yeah , where 's that Joe Buck ? int . sunshine cafeteria - day holding he watch , the manager wag a finger at camera . manager you be due here at four o'clock . look at that dish , look ! int . HOTEL room - day Joe laugh as he lock he suitcase . joe know what you can do with that dish ? and if you be not man enough to do it yourself , I would be happy to oblige ... Joe pick up he suitcase , a portable transistor radio , walk away from the mirror , then pause to run a comb through he hair , hook a cigarette at the corner of he mouth and strike a match on he thumbnail before he turn back for one admire glance at himself in the mirror -- proud , exultant , ready -- freezing the image as credit end . ext . TEXAS town MAIN STREET - day Joe leave the hotel , carry he suitcase . int . cafeteria scullery - day the pink manager point at he watch angrily . manager four to midnight , understand ? angle widen to include Joe , hold he suitcase and radio . Ralph stare at he curiously , stack dish . joe say , look , uh , I gotta have a word with you , if you get a second . manager later . later maybe . the manager hurry away , carry a basket of dish . ralph you be not come to work ? joe do not guess . just come for my day 's pay owe and to tell you I be head East . Joe tilt he stetson as the waitress appear at the door ... waitress cup ! ... but she disappear without notice Joe . Ralph offer he hand . Joe take it , hold it . ralph what you gonna do back there , East ? joe lotta rich woman back there ... ralph yeah ? joe Men , they mostly faggot . ralph must be some mess back there . joe well , be not no use hang around here . ralph ai not gonna collect you pay ? joe I get I two hundred twenty - four buck of flat fold money ... ( slap hip ) he know what he can do with that chicken - shit day 's pay . and if he be not man enough to do it for himself , I be happy to oblige ! int . sunshine cafeteria - day the door mark employees only swing open and Joe appear , measure he effect on the customer and he fellow employee as he cross the sterile white dining room , observe the drab detail of the life he have leave behind - garbage on greasy dish , limp food in steam table trays , coffee-soaked cigarette butt , cake mustard and ketchup on formica table top -- two pimply high school girl slurping suggestive noise after Joe through the straw of empty coke glass . o.s. a tiomkin-tradition chorus sing , " from this valley they say you be go -- we will miss you bright eye and sweet smile for they say you be take the sunshine ... " ext . town MAIN STREET - day the song end as Joe come from the cafeteria " ... that brighten we pathway a while . " joe tough tiddy , lady , you have you chance . from a high angle -- Joe start he long walk toward the bus depot along the street of a small western town struggle to urbanize itself . the click -clack -click of he boot be loud but somehow lonely the radio at he ear drone grain price on the commodity change . Joe 's pace slow as he pass ... ext . sally buck' beauty salon - day ... a gilt - lettere sign in the window , glitter in the sun , momentarily hide the fact that the shop be desert . Joe grin as he hear remember sound and voice incomplete flash , more significant in tone than content a girl giggle sexily -- " keep you meat hook off my beauty operator , sugar " -- tinkling noise of a busy beauty parlor - Sally Buck sing " hush , little baby , do not say a word , grammaw gonna buy you a mockingbird ... " ... a shift of light revealing a row of tarnish drier , a break mirror , a for rent sign in the window . Joe turn toward the bus depot , radio press to he ear . announcer's voice benson and hedge one hundred make special award from time to time for anything that 's longer than anything ... joe Care to get out you yardstick , gentleman ? at the same moment , a recognizable variant of the " Big country " theme blare loud . intercut western film clip Gary Cooper ( or John Wayne ) walk a frontier street . ext . bus depot - day High angle of the depart bus , intercut " Big country " fashion , alternate high shot with close - up of the bus wheal . ext . freeway cloverleaf - day through the bus windshield -- a dizzying montage of traffic line , arrow and sign as the bus sweep around and up onto the freeway . int . bus - day Joe sit at the front , opposite the driver , crack he gum as he watch the huge billboard streaking by , promise he power , happiness and beautiful woman if he choose the right breakfast food , hair oil or automobile . Joe listen to the hum tire , the roar of the engine , shaking he head . joe this be a powerful mothah , be not it ? ignore by the driver , Joe rise and walk back to he empty double seat , glance around to see what impression he 's make on he immediate fellow traveler -- a old lady in front of he -- a hostile young sailor with acne behind he -- two teeny - bopper flirt with Joe hysterically -- a pale blonde directly across the aisle , smile at Joe weakly . pale blonde do you have a stick of gum ? Joe lean across , snap he gum as he offer she a stick . he watch she nibble it daintily on she front tooth . pale blonde ( cont 'd ) thank you . joe plenty more where that come from . pale blonde thank you , no , it 's just till the dramamine work . I get carsick . joe I only get carsick on boat . ( wait , then ) but seem to I that 's more the fish smell than the bounce ... Joe realize that she eye be close . mildly depressed , he stretch himself across both seat and turn on he radio , find only static and snap it off . further depressed , he examine he reflection in the bus window , squeeze a black head and run the comb through he hair , pick a piece of tobacco off he tooth and light a cigarette , watch the flame die in reflection , forget to discard the burnt - out match as he stare out at a vast lonely prairie , a solitary cowboy in the distance , a row of sharecropper shack apparently desert , a barefoot little girl motionless at the roadside , watch the bus pass . through this , lead into the next scene , Sally Buck sing softly " ... if that mock bird do not sing , grammaw gonna buy you a golden ring ... " int . remembered beauty salon - another time Sally Buck , relax in the middle of a busy day , eye close wearily , while little Joe massage she neck . her song continue over the noise of the busy beauty parlor " ... if that golden ring turn brass , grammaw gonna buy you a look glass ... " sally buck no , a little lower , sugar , yeah , yeah , that 's good . grammaw 's beat . salesman' voice you gotta sell yourself , that 's the whole trick ... int . bus - day a seedy traveling salesman with badly - fitte denture and a fray collar have take the aisle seat next to Joe . as he lecture Joe on salesmanship , he figure he expense in a wear leatherette notebook , nervous finger and eye unconsciously revealing the extent of he failure . salesman it be not the product and it be not the price , no sir , and it be not what you sell , it 's personality , pure and simple . I be not shine my own shoe or shave my own face in forty year , how 's that ? not bad for a kid that do not pass the eighth grade , right ? joe yeah , hell , yeah . salesman and that 's my golden rule . make them love you . put yourself over and you can sell they anything . if they like you , they will buy horsemeat for prime beef ... int . remembered beauty salon - another time a gawky , adolescent Joe sit sprawle on the couch , leaf through a magazine while Sally Buck bleach the root of a young woman 's hair . sally buck you get he to the church , honey . he be not gonna find out you be not a real blonde till after you be marry , then 's too late . Sally Buck turn , pretend to be stern as toe laugh . sally buck ( cont 'd ) you get too big for you britches , sugar . ext . highway - night the headlight of the bus flash past a huge sign , paint on the slant roof of a barn : jesus save . int . bus - night Joe be alone again . the salesman have disappear . the bus be dark , most - passenger try to sleep . only one read light still burn , over the head of the old - Lady in the seat ahead of Joe . Joe squirm , restless , try to lull himself to sleep with the music of a revivalist gospel group on the radio . sally buck' voice do not forget to say you prayer , honey ... Joe lean forward to help the old Lady , irritably struggle with the release button on she seat . she scowl as Joe lean over to release she seat , then pull she blanket around she and turn away from he . Joe switch off she read light . old lady I want it on . Joe switch it on again , fake a good - nature grin , settles back with he radio , aware of a old cowhand seat opposite he , replace the pale blonde . the Old cowhand be appraise Joe 's wardrobe curiously . he look away when he see Joe watch he . Joe settles back , unable to think of a way to open a conversation . evangelist voice oh , my friend , I say unto you , invest with Jesus , put you dollar to work where they will pay off at compound interest . the good Book say money answereth all thing ... the Old cowhand have roll - himself a cigarette . Joe quickly light a match on he thumb and hold it across the aisle . joe Light ? the Old cowhand 's " thanks " be lose in a fit of cough as he inhale he first drag . he settles back , wiping he watery eye on a fade bandana . evangelist voice ... everyone who send a dollar to the Evangelical congregation of the Air will get free gratis a genuine leatherette hymn book so you can sing along with sister rosella and the Evangelical choir ... joe you throw in sister rosella and you get a deal , right , old timer ? Joe glance across the aisle . the Old cowhand manage a faint , humorless smile . joe ( cont 'd ) go far ? old cowhand up the line . not far . joe I be bound for New York City . the Old cowhand reappraise Joe 's wardrobe even more curiously . joe ( cont 'd ) ever happen to come across a cowman name of woodsy nile ? friend of my grammaw Sally Buck ... the Old cowhand consider , shake he head . Joe lean back , laugh to himself . int . remembered bedroom - another time Little Joe 's head be lose in a beat - up cowboy hat , similar to the one wear by the old cowhand . Sally Buck smile on woodsy nile -- a long - legge cowboy with a shock of black hair -- who stand at she dress table , admire himself in a new stetson . sally buck like it , honey ? do it fit ? woodsy you do I good , sal , you do I real good . you know what I gonna give you for that stetson ? woodsy grab Sally Buck , lift she off she foot , carry she to the bed . struggle , they fall across the cover together , Little Joe laugh with they . sally buck woodsy nile ! the boy ! woodsy he do not know what make little apple by now , it 's time he find out . int . bus - night Joe shake he head , grin , offer the old cowhand a cigarette . joe smoke ? the old cowhand shake he head , show the roll cigarette Joe light for he . Joe nod , still bemuse . int . remembered bedroom - another time Little Joe be cuddle in Sally Buck 's arm , under the cover , watch woodsy , sit cross -legge on the bed , naked except for he stetson and guitar , sing drunkenly . woodsy ... git along little dogy ! ext . midwest town - morning from a high angle -- the bus slow to a stop . int . bus - morning Joe awaken , stiff - neck , momentarily confuse . he straighten in he seat as he see the old cowhand lift a sweat - stain saddle down from the overhead rack , start toward the front of the bus . Joe call after he . joe Nice talk to you , old timer . Joe stuff a stick of gum in he mouth , turn to wave at the Old cowhand through the window as the bus pull away . woodsy voice she-dogs squat , boy . he -dog stand up and lift they leg ... int . remembered men' room - another time woodsy , in he new stetson , watch Little Joe in he beat - up cowboy hat , try to balance on one foot , one leg lift in front of the trough . woodsy roar with laughter . woodsy ... but he -men stand and shoot from the hip . int . bus restroom - day Joe laugh , flush , check he hair in the mirror . ext . highway - day the bus streak past a brightly - color billboard -- in new york , a welcome await you at the time square palace HOTEL ! int . bus - day Joe be now sit in the wide rear seat , between two young marine and a group of veteran wear campaign cap and convention button , pass a bottle , sing " from the ball of montezuma to the shore of tripoli ... " Joe follow the conversation between a veteran and a marine , participate only because he 's sit beside they , adopt a remember military stance . veteran ever station at Kennedy ? that Florida chick ... marine instant v-goddam -d. veteran this pensacola teeny - bopper -- jail bait -- but build ? ten buck she want . Three of we make a deal for , twenty - five , see , big goddam bargain ? marine Big peni-goddam - cillin bargain , right ? veteran you get it . marine no . you get it . joe Jesus goddam Christ , I be not laugh so hard since I be out at Fort ben , Georgia . marine do you make the viet ? joe what ? oh , hell no . motor pool mostly ... ( shake he head ) kee-rist ... int . remembered whorehouse - anoteer time a plump , aging prostitute laugh up into camera . prostitute hey , hey , what you try to do to I ? you gonna cost I money , soldier ! int . bus - day Joe laugh as he pass the bottle , try to sing along without know the word as the Veteran segue into " over hill , over dale , we will hit the dusty trail , as the caisson go roll along ... " int . remembered beauty salon - another time Sally Buck fondly wipe lipstick from Joe 's lip . sally buck keep you meat hook off my operator , sugar , hear ? int . bus - day Joe slap one of the Veteran on the back , try to follow the song into " off we go , into the wild blue yonder ... " int . remembered movie house - another time anastasia clutches a young Joe , eye wild , gasp . anastasia you be the only one , Joe , the only , only one ever ! int . bus - day Joe be lean across the two Marines , stare out of the window as the Veteran switch to " anchor aweigh , my boy , anchor aweigh ... " ext . manhattan skyline - day a stun view through the bus window past Joe 's reflection . joe' reflection gonna swing my lasso and rope that whole goddam island , yeah ! ext . broadway parade - day drum majorettes lead the parade -- ticker tape and confetti -- girl at skyscraper window . intercut newsreel clip Charles lindberg ( or James Stewart ) wave at the crowd . ext . new york harbor - day Girls lining the pier -- flag , banner , bunt -- ship horn , whistle , bell . int . bus - day Joe crowded as the veteran prepare to leave the bus , lift down banner and flag . ext . lincoln tunneel - day the bus suddenly surround by converge traffic , horn honk , seguee into the noise of Times Square . ext . marquee - day flag drape , read : welcome veteran . ext . STREET - banner - day flapping in the wind -- welcome veteran ! ext . time square palace HOTEL - day the marquee announce transient welcome . o.s. a sing radio station break blare " w-i -n-s new york ... " ext . radio tower - day the sign flash win " ... ten - ten on you dial ! " a torchy woman 's voice sing from a lonely echo chamber -- introduce a love theme which will haunt Joe throughout the film . int . room 1014 - day Joe set he radio on the dresser , he suitcase on the bed , then turn to examine he new home -- as anonymous as he Texas hotel room -- but boast a coin-operate television set . fascinate , Joe insert a quarter . ... the love song continue over a television talk show feature a poodle wigmaker defend he profession against a Joe pyne - type panel host , " ... well , I perform a real service , there 's a need , so many people , you know , really live in they pet , I mean , lonely , I grant you , but they feel be real . they want to lavish as much love , give they as much , yes , pamper they like they be really human child or whatever ... " sally buck' voice there 's a tv dinner in the fridge , lover boy ... int . remembered parlor - another time Little Joe stare sullenly at a antique tv box while Sally Buck put she hat on at the fireplace mirror . there be a frame picture of woodsy nile on the mantle . sally buck you be okay , will not you ? maybe I bring you a treat if you be a good boy ... int . room 1014 - day Joe watch the panel host , " ... you be a nut case , fella , a real nut case ... " int . remembered beauty salon - another time Little Joe massage Sally Buck 's neck -- continue the earlier scene . sally buck I be so beat , no point you wait round , toot , think I will stop in for a beer or two ... int . room 1014 - day Joe sit on the edge of the bed , watch the poodle primp . int . remembered parlor - anoteer time Little Joe stare unblink at the tv screen as Sally Buck kiss he on the forehead , dress for the street . sally buck expect I when you see I . look like I get I a new beau , lover boy , how 's that for a old grammaw ? I will leave you movie money ... Sally Buck tuck a dollar bill under a frame picture of Jesus , who have replace woodsy nile on the mantle . int . room 1014 - day as a fairy godmother 's magic wand remove sticky hair spray from a pretty model 's head , Joe 's quarter run out and the screen go blank . at the same moment , the love song be cut off by a sing station break " w-i - n-s new york " Joe rise , flipping the dial of the radio to a culture woman 's voice read " ... the Dow Jones average , bring you by Morgan vandercook . up you income with sound investment counseling ... " joe up yours , lady . ... but Joe leave the lady on , savore the expensive sound of she voice read the stock quotation . Joe seat himself at the desk , pleased to find a postcard photograph of the hotel . he pick up a ballpoint pen , count ten floor up from the street and mark a huge X -- this be I , then turn the card over , pen poise over the address blank . int . cafeteria scullery - day Ralph stare at the card , surround by dirty dish . ralph Hell , he know I can not read ... int . room 1014 - day Joe 's pen waver , start to write and stop . ext . sally buck' beauty parlor - day as we see it last , desert , a for rent sign in the window . Joe 's reflection appear , stare at himself , dress in he dishwasher 's clothes . joe' voice after all they dish be wash , what ? joe' reflection then they bring some more dish and I wash they and then I , uh , sleep some and then wash some more dish and then I ... joe' voice say it , lover boy ! joe' reflection die . int . room 1014 - day Joe stare at the postcard , bemuse , joe' voice well , you better just shake you tail , lover boy , and root , hog or die . Joe rise abruptly , rip up the postcard and toss it out the window . joe goddam if I come to this town to write postcard . ext . time square - day the tear fragment flutter down on the crowd -- a woman brush irritably at she hair -- a man grimace , glance up -- a cop remove he hat to examine it . ext . time square palace HOTEL - day from a low angle -- identical with the postcard photograph -- a unseen hand scrawl a huge X --- this be I . camera zoom up to a close - up of Joe at the window . ext . fifth avenue - day from on high -- as though Joe be watch himself -- the stetson move through a crowd of fifth Avenue shopper ... ext . glass build - day ... pass a glass bank , lady teller count money ... ext . car showroom - day ... pass a display of import luxury car ... ext . jewelry store - day ... pass a window which feature a single gem -- pause as horn blast o.s. and a mod blonde in a stall sport car motion to Joe -- she need a push . Joe grin , glance at himself in the window , run a comb through he hair , then turn back to see a cop help the mod blonde . ext . park avenue - day Joe 's heel drag as he walk a desert block of luxury apartment house . o.s . the torchy woman 's voice sing Joe 's love theme in counterpoint to the blast horn , a siren , a fire bell , a screech of brake . Joe 's spirit rise as he hear the tic-tac-tic of high heel overtake the heavy click - clack - click of he boot . he adjust he pace to arrive at the corner at the same time as a smart and -- in Joe 's eye -- very rich lady . Joe grin boyishly , hold he stetson over he heart . joe beg pardon , mar 'am , I be new here in town , just in from Houston , Texas , and look for the statue of Liberty . the delicate profile give no sign of hearing . Joe follow she to the parkway in the middle of the avenue . there she stop and turn , neither friendly nor hostile . rich lady be you look ? about the statue of Liberty ? joe joke ? no , mar 'am . oh no ! I mean business ! rich lady I be sorry . I think you be -- never mind -- I have never actually be there , but let I see , you take the seventh Avenue subway , I think , to the end of the line ... joe you sure be a pretty lady . the Rich Lady try to frown , take aback , blush . rich lady you be not look for the statue of Liberty at all . joe no , mar 'am , I be not . rich lady why , that 's perfectly dreadful . be not you ashamed of yourself ? a twinkle of amusement and sympathy reveal the age line at the corner of she eye . then she continue on quickly , just as the light turn . Joe 's view be block for a moment by traffic , then he see ... ... the Rich Lady , newly aware of she flank as she climb the step of a brownstone and search for she key . still from Joe 's viewpoint , he see himself move into frame and follow the Rich Lady up the step . the love theme swell o.s. as the Rich Lady lead he into the house and close the door ... ... leave Joe stand alone on the parkway island , surround by tower wealth . the love theme continue over ... ext . lexington avenue - day ... a pair of high - heele pink slipper , walk a miniature poodle -- slow slightly , reacting to Joe 's cowboy boot as they pass , pause and turn back . cass voice hurry up , baby . do um goody - goods for mama . Joe grin , hold he hat over he heart as he approach cass trehune , a blonde lady in a tight black dress , with the look of a movie star who wreck she career with food . joe beg pardon , mar 'am . I be brand spanking new to this town , come from Houston , Texas , and hope to get a look at the statue of Liberty ... cass you be hope to get a look at what ? joe the statue of Liberty . cass it 's up in Central Park , take a leak . if you hurry , you will make the supper show . now get lose . but as she turn , Cass wink , dimple the corner of she mouth , signal Joe to follow she . int . apartment house elevator - day Cass hold the door OPEN button till Joe enter the elevator , then the door close with a soft expensive little kllooosh and Cass turn with the smile of a very tiny girl ... cass hi . ... she lip close on Joe 's as the poodle yap shrilly at they foot . superimpose , almost subliminally , a golden dollar sign appear , halating like a star , and the bell of a pinball machine ring o.s . int . cass apartment - day a princess telephone be ringing on a gold and white desk . Cass run to grab it ... cass hello ? ... as Joe step from the elevator , which open directly onto Cass 's penthouse . Cass beckon he toward she , hook a finger into he neckerchief and pull he mouth toward hers while she talk on the phone . cass ( cont 'd ) morey ? hi-ee , honey ... Cass gurgle happily as she free hand unbuckle Joe 's garrison belt . cass ( cont 'd ) I be just out of breath , honey , run to catch the phone . as she finger reach for Joe 's zipper , cut to ... ... Joe 's hand unzipping she dress . cass ( cont 'd ) I be walk baby . him get to do he goody - goods , right ? the poodle tug at Joe 's slack until they fall . Cass steer she ear to Joe 's mouth , shudder deliciously . cass ( cont 'd ) oh God , oh stop . I can not stand that . I just die ... ( quickly into phone ) it 's baby , morey . him try to say hello . say hello to morey , baby . Cass hold the phone toward the yapping poodle , twist herself against Joe as she wriggle out of she dress , pass the phone from one hand to the other . cass ( cont 'd ) okay , old goosie ? now lookie , when do you want I to meet you ? whatever you say . I will take a nap , watch tv , you know , kill time . okay , but just one , a big wet one . Cass hang up . the poodle yap hysterically , disentangle himself from she tumble dress -- hop onto the couch glance off and flee again as a overturn lamp crash o.s. int . cass bedroom - day the poodle bounce onto the bed -- remain long enough to establish a tv remote control tuner lie on the satin coverlet -- then leap down in panic as he hear Joe and Cass explode into the bedroom , laugh lustily ... ... the remote control tuner bury suddenly under the full flesh of Cass 's hip , activate ... ... a twenty - five-inch television screen , blast at full volume ... ... Cass 's eye widen , profoundly impressed ... cass ye god ... ... the image and sound of the television set flick joyfully from channel to channel ... ... Joe laugh , engulf by Cass 's abundance ... ... Cass wild - eye , overflow the frame ... ... a gleam slot machine -- three sahara cowgirl click into line for jackpot -- silver dollar overflow the frame ... ext . manhattan skyline - day ... the mutual of New York tower flash mony ! joe' voice Holy shee - it , this be a goddam penthouse you get here , Cass , a real goddam penthouse . int . cass bedroom - day Joe turn away from a small terrace , buckle he belt , glance off toward the sound of Cass in the shower . he flick the tv remote control , enjoy he power , ignore the silent image on the screen -- battle casualty , a pretty girl recommend aspirin , a man 's stomach flash animated pain , starve war refugee , a dog eat pzazz -- flick it off to concentrate on the costume jewelry and perfume bottle on Cass 's dress table . cass voice do not look , baby ... Joe turn to look as Cass come from the bathroom , hold a towel around she as she run behind the closet door . joe say , Cass , I , uh , sure have enjoy be here . believe it 's as fine a time as I have have in my life ! cass voice I , too , lover . joe that 's good , it be , cause , well I guess I do not tell you why I come to New York , do I ? a tower of black bugle bead emerge from the closet door . cass Zip this thing , will you , tex ? Joe zip she dress , follow she to the dress table , where she spray she hair with lacquer . job Truth be , Cass , I be , well , I be in business . cass oh , poor you . morey 's get terrible ulcer . Cass stretch she upper lip across she tooth and she smear it with , orange lipstick . joe do not know what line morey 's in , but myself now , fact be -- I be a hustler . cass ( lip stretch ) hers and zodda meg a livig . joe beg pardon , mar 'am ? cass Said , a person 's gotta make a live . joe you sure you hear what I say ? cass scuse I , hon , fraid I be only half here . maybe you oughta run on along . but why do not you take this phone number ? Joe grin , relieved as she take out a gold lame purse and open it . he frown as she fold ; it upside down , empty . cass ( cont 'd ) darn ! I do not get to the bank -- tex -- could you let I have a little coin for the taxi-waxi ? Joe stand mute as she cup he chin in she hand , seductively . cass ( cont 'd ) you be such a doll . I hate money , do not you ? God , it 's be fun . joe funny thing , you mention money . I be just about to ask you for some ... Joe try to laugh but it stick in he throat as Cass speak -- a impassion whisper -- still hold Joe 's chin . cass you bastard ! you son of a bitch ! you think you be deal with some old slut ? look at I ! you think just cause you be a longhorn bull you can get away with this crap ? well , you be out of you mind . I be a gorgeous chick , thirty - one , that 's right , you say it ! sob suddenly , she throw herself on the bed . Joe stand bewilder by the vastness of she grief . joe hey . hey , Cass . do you think I mean that ? Christ , would I be ask you for money with a wad like that riding on my hip ? Joe wave he wallet at she , but she only cry louder . he hand she a kleenex . she clutches it to she face , wail . Joe lean over the bed , whisper in she ear : joe ( cont 'd ) hey . you be a gorgeous-looking piece , Cass . guy get horny , just look at you . it 's a fact . how much you need for that taxi ? ten ? twenty ? there you go . Joe tuck a twenty - dollar bill into she bosom , tilt he stetson and start out . Cass blow she nose , look after he . o.s. chorus sing , " from this valley they say you be go -- we will miss you bright eye and sweet smile ... " ext . lexington avenue - day from a high angle , Joe walk away from the apartment house , chorus continue o.s. " ... they say you be take the sunshine that brighten we pathway a while . " int . everett' bar - day Joe sit at the bar , stare morosely at he image in the mirror , already quite drunk , oblivious to the assort type hide from daylight in the barn- like saloon , wait for night to fall . ratso' voice Excuse I , I be just admire that colossal shirt ... ratso study Joe across the corner of the bar -- a sickly , child - size old man of twenty - one -- hopefully nursing a empty beer glass , contemplate the money on the bar in front of Joe . ratso that be one hell of a shirt . I bet you pay a pretty price for it , be I right ? joe oh , it be not cheap . I mean , yeah , I would say this be a all right shirt . do not like to , uh , you know , have a lot of cheap stuff on my back . ratso spit as jackie lean on the bar next to Joe -- a feminine young person , heavily make - up , hair tease , wear earring and a lace - trim blouse over shocking pink levis . jackie get a cigarette , cowboy ? ratso ( a stage whisper ) more goddam faggot in this town . reaching for a cigarette , Joe glance at Jackie , startle as Jackie twitches he pink levis angrily and turn away . joe Shee - it ... ( shake he head ) kee-rist , you really know the rope . wish to hell I bump into you before . I be Joe Buck from Texas and I be gonna buy you a drink , what do you say to that ? ratso enrico rizzo from the bronx . do not mind if I do . joe ( slap bar ) same all around ! for my friend , too ! the tv screen over the bar feature a mate game program as Jackie cruise down to join a tall farm boy with pluck eyebrow . the tv host point to three young man , visible only from the shoulder up , from whom a pretty date girl in blindfold must choose a escort . tv host ... and for the loser , who do not get the girl , we will give as consolation price -- a six month supply of underarm deodorant ... in a booth now -- the tv screen in the background , continue the game -- Joe be refilling ratso 's beer glass as he speak , loud over the laughter of the tv audience . joe ... you see what I be get at here ? she get a penthouse up there with color tv and more goddam diamond than a archbishop and she bust out bawling when I ask for money ! ratso for what ? joe for money . ratso for money for what ? joe I be a hustler , hell , do not you know that ? ratso how would I know ? you gotta tell a person this thing ( shake he head ) a hustler ? pick up trade on the street like that -- baby , believe I -- you need management . joe I think you just put you finger on it , I do . ratso my friend o'daniel . that 's who you need . operate the biggest stable in town . in the whole goddam metropolitan area . a stud like you - pay ! -- not that I blame you -- a dame start cry , I cut my heart for she ... jackie' voice I would call that a very minor operation ... ratso grab the neck of a bottle , slide back in the booth . Joe scowl as Jackie appear with the tall farm boy . jackie ... in fact , you just sit comfy and I will cut it out with my fingernail file . you will not even need Blue Cross , ratso . ratso the name be rizzo . jackie that 's what I say , ratso . joe ( suddenly ) hey now , you hear he . on the tv screen -- the date girl announce : tv date girl I pick number two ! he 's cool ! ratso that 's okay , Joe . I be use to this type that like to pick on cripple . sewer be full of them . jackie May I ask one thing , cowboy ? if you sit there and he sit way over there , how 's he gonna get he hand into you pocket ? but I be sure he have that all figure out ... ( to ratso ) good night , sweet . tv host May present you choose mate ! the tv host pull aside the screen which have conceal the lower half of the three young man . number two , she choose mate , be a dwarf sit on a high stool . the girl 's spontaneous dismay start everyone laugh hysterically , include the dwarf . ext . sixth avenue - day Joe have difficulty keen up with ratso , who swing himself along with surprising agility , he half skip little gate favor one game leg . ratso look , with this chick that want to buy it , most of them be older , dignify , right ? Social register type . they can not be trot down to Times Square to pick out the merchandise . they need a middleman , right ? that 's o' Daniel . Joe hesitates as ratso dart into traffic against a red light , yell unheard obscenity at a cab driver who blast he horn . Joe run recklessly forward as ratso slam the taxi fender with he fist , pretend to be hit , fall into Joe 's arm . the taxi stop , halting traffic . ratso , recover , stroll casually in front of the cab , bite he thumb at the driver . ratso ( cont 'd ) it be a crime , a stud like you pass out double sawbuck to a chick like that . with proper management you should be take home fifty , a hundred buck a day . more if you wanta moonlight ... ext . sidewalk cafe - cocktail hour at , the corner of Central Park South , ratso point toward a young man with diamond cuff -link , sit with a blue-haire matron who puff on a small cigar . ratso wave jauntily at the young man , raise he thumb and forefinger in a circle , leave the young man baffle as ratso hurry Joe on . ratso him I place with o' Daniel just two week ago . and look . not much of a stud either , what I hear ... ext . central park south - cocktail hour ratso automatically check the coin return box of the phone booth they pass . walk the park side of the street , look across at the limousine and taxi wait outside luxury hotel and apartment building . joe hey , listen , how about you take I to mee this mister o'diddle bird right now ? ratso well , Joe , you be a nice guy , and I would be do you both a favor , but why ? what be I drag my bum leg all over town for ? it 's no picnic and what for , for I myself , what ? ratso stop opposite the Plaza hotel , point across at a aristocratic blonde step out of a roll royce . ratso ( cont 'd ) tomorrow when some piece like that 's scratch you back in a fifth Avenue townhouse , where will you pal rizzo be ? nedick . joe hold it , just hold it . you think I be that kinda sombitch ? just name you cut , whatever you want , you get it right now . five ? ten , how 's that ? Joe peel a ten from he wallet and offer it to ratso . ratso Joe , please . you know what I would ask anyone else ? oh hell , tell you what I will do , I will take the ten ... ( he do ) ... but when I hand you over to Mr. o' Daniel , I will have to have another ten , Joe ; just to like cover expense ... int . public phone booth - dusk ratso be on the phone . Joe hold the door open , listen . ratso this boy be just you meat , Mr. o' Daniel , believe it , I be tell you -- what ? -- enrico rizzo from the bronx . the point be he need you . right now . tonight ... ( aside to Joe ) I get he tongue hang out ... ext . west side HOTEL - dusk camera move slowly up the anonymous wall of a drab hotel , follow the line of dim red light mark the fire exit . ratso' voice name 's Joe Buck . cowboy . just in from Texas , do not know the rope , new to the city , but very promise material , sir , and ready , if you get what I mean . fabulous . right away . what 's that room number there again ? int . west side HOTEL elevator - dusk as ancient open cage lift rise at the same pace as camera in precede shot . Joe grin excitedly at ratso , who nod but glance significantly at the elevator operator . ratso follow Joe to door as the operator grind to a stop . int . west side HOTEL corridor - dusk ratso step out with Joe , gesture to the corridor ... ratso hold it a second ... ... but the operator slam the door and start on up . ratso lean heavily on the down button , glance at Joe . ratso ( cont 'd ) nine- oh-one , get it ? ratso glance up the elevator shaft nervously , ring again and turn back to Joe . ratso ( cont 'd ) let 's see how you look . Fine . you look fine . now I be gonna have to have that other ten ... joe ( dig in wallet ) ten , ten -- I get a twenty -- take that ... ratso oh hell , forget it . joe now take it . go on. ( give it to he ) listen , where can I reach you ? Cause I be gonna make this right with you soon 's I get I set up ... ratso forget it . joe I mean , dammit , where you live ? ratso lean on the down as the cage grind slowly down into view and stop . ratso sherry - Netherlands Hotel . now get you ass in there . he 's wait ! ratso step into the elevator as the door open then close , leave Joe alone , repeat " cherry neverlin " as he start along the corridor look for 901 . ext . west side HOTEL - dusk ratso burst from the hotel , almost run as he disappear . int . west side HOTEL corridor - dusk Joe find 901 at a dark end of the corridor , knock confidently , hearing a few bar of he love theme as he stuff a fresh stick of gum in he mouth . then the door be throw open by o'daniel -- for a instant appear to wear a diamond - studd skull - cap , the naked overhead light bulb bright after the dark corridor , halating in Joe 's eye like the earlier dollar sign . o'daniel you must be Joe Buck . come in . o' Daniel , fat in a wear - out bathrobe , examine Joe like a prodigal son as he lead he into the room -- as anonymous as Joe 's own room . o'daniel ( cont 'd ) be I tickle to find you , boy ! come on in and let 's get a look at you . turn around . good strong back . you will need it . so you want help -- take a seat , relax , tell I about yourself . cowboy , huh ? joe no sir , I be no cowboy really , but I be a first class stud . o'daniel take it , easy , boy ... ( laugh ) seem to I you be different than a lotta boy that come to I . most of them seem troubled , confuse , but I would say you know exactly what you want . joe you bet I do , sir . o'daniel but I will bet you get one thing in common with they other boy . I will bet you be lonesome . joe well , not too , I mean , a little . o' Daniel rise suddenly in a fury of self - righteousness , pace , he voice simper , whining sarcastically . o'daniel I be lonesome . I be lonesome so I be a drunk . I be lonesome so I be a dope fiend . I be lonesome so I be a thief , a fornicator , a whore - monger . poop , I say , poop ! I have hear it all and I be sick of it , sick to death . joe yessir , I can see that . o'daniel lonesomeness be something you take . you bear ? dammit , you take it and go about you business , that 's all . joe well , uh , I be raring to go . o'daniel yes , I believe you be . cowboy , huh ? joe uh , yessir . o'daniel ready for hard work , son ? joe ready for anything . o'daniel I get a hunch , Joe Buck , it 's gonna be easier for you than most . joe gonna be like money from home . o'daniel money from home , see , there 's you strength , you put thing in earthy term any man can understand , son . I warn you I be gonna use you , I be gonna run you rag ! Joe laugh , drive a obscene uppercut into the air . o' Daniel laugh with he . o'daniel ( cont 'd ) you be a wonderful boy . you and I gonna have fun , dammit , it do not have to be joyless . say , why do not we get right down on we knee now ? joe get down -- where ? o'daniel right here , why not ? I pray in saloon , I pray in the street , I pray a the toilet . he do not care where , what he want be that prayer . o' Daniel drop on all four , crawl to find the plug of a electric cord . he shove it into a wall socket , switch off the overhead light and suddenly a hollow , tinted plastic Jesus glow on the dresser . o.s. a revivalist congregation sing . and now we notice , with Joe , placard and flag , horn and tract , all the paraphernalia of a street corner evangelist . job Shee - it ... o'daniel that 's the ticket , just open you heart and let it flow . it be not the word , it 's the love beyond them ! ext . remembered baptism - another time Sally Buck sing with the congregation while a rawbone preacher stand in the river , prepare to immerse little Joe . oxdaniel' voice do not fight it , boy ! int . west side HOTEL room - dusk o' Daniel try to pull Joe down beside he . o'daniel pray and you shall be hear ! ext . remembered baptism - another time camera become little Joe , glimpsing the fevere face of Sally Buck and the congregation sing on the riverbank , just before be plunge under the river . o' Daniel 's voice reechoe , filter through water . o'daniel do not be frighten , son ! ext . time square - night Joe run in aimless panic , push through the crowd , pursue by o'daniel 's voice and the sing congregation . o'daniel do not run from Jesus ! Joe stop short as he see the front page of a tabloid on a newsstand . there be a picture of Joe be lead away by two deputy , under a headline alabama murderer shotguns eleven . ext . forty - second STREET - night Joe search the face of the crowd , run forward suddenly as he see Jackie and the farmboy pick up by two man in a large convertible . Joe chase the car to eighth Avenue but stop , frighten as he see himself in multiple image on the front of every newspaper display on a newsstand . int . everett' bar - night the saloon be almost empty during the after dinner lull . the bartender do not look up from he newspaper as Joe approach . joe say , you know that runty little bastard I be with ? bartender I do not know nothing . Joe tense as he see the . tabloid picture of himself on the back of the bartender 's paper . Joe 's hand close around a empty beer bottle , a terrible violence surging very near the surface . o.s. woman scream . int . remembered beauty salon - another time reflected in the mirror , we see little Joe wildly smash bottle and glass display cabinet -- the voice of woman scream o.s. -- little Joe hurl a perfume bottle which shatter the mirror and he own image . int . everett' bar - night the empty beer bottle stand where it be . Joe have disappear . on the tv screen over the bar , sound drown out by the jukebox , we see a blowup of the tabloid photograph , revealing a young man very similar to , but clearly not Joe . ext . time square - night colorful light still flash seductive promise . the vertical , light on the mony tower reach bottom and freeze momentarily . still photograph Joe at he hotel window stare out blankly . gun fire o.s.... int . shoot gallery - day the radio at Joe 's ear be drown out by a kid in cowboy hat , shoot alone in the gallery . two policeman idly slap they thigh with night stick . Joe move on , unconsciously check the coin return box of a pay phone . still photograph Joe curl up on he bed like a baby , fully dress , he radio on the night stand . o.s. he love theme , remote , hollow ... ext . forty - second STREET - night Joe 's radio be at he ear " ... never too late to look great , Ben 's bargain basement 's open ' till five a.m. , mile and mile of western style , worth more at any store , money talk and nobody walk . " for the first time , Joe be aware of the other midnight cowboy lurking in doorway , the cruise queen , the middle - age man in sport shirt . Joe move on self consciously as he see a scar- face policeman , unconsciously massage he night stick . camera hold on a window display of gag button , feature new york will break you heart , baby . still photograph Joe soaking in the tub , eye close . ext . time square dance hall - day Joe 's radio promise job opportunity for young man eighteen to twenty - five in the U.S. Air Force . he stand with a crowd stare up at a girl go - go dance in the window of sergeant pepper' lonely heart club . still photograph Joe stare in the mirror . o.s. static over he love theme . ext . sixth avenue - night by work -light , the tarrier in metal helmet lean on a jack hammer , beyond the sign dig we must , drown out Joe 's radio . still photograph Joe flex he muscle in he jockey short while -- live on tv screen -- a physical culture personality finish push -up and start pitching he own extra protein bread . ext . time square pancake house - day Joe 's radio continue the super- break commercial while a fry cook flip flapjack in the window . but Joe 's eye be on a sign dishwasher wanted . Joe look up and he eye meet that of the young man scraping garbage behind the counter . it 's Joe . joe Shee - it . still photograph Joe sit in the hotel lobby , stare out at the street , unable to concentrate on he comic book . on two - way radio , a woman 's voice giggle as she speak , " when I can not sleep , well , I just dial the time and listen to that old second click by like , you know , count sheep ? " ext . sidewalk cafe - cocktail hour Joe watch a young man hold a taxi door for a older lady , at the same corner where ratso wave to another young man . the woman 's predatory eye linger momentarily on Joe before she lead the young man into the Cafe . the two - way radio continue over , " ... that 's what I do about insomnia . " joe well , now , mar 'am , next time you get that feel come on , you dial Joe Buck . I will show you what to do ... still photograph Joe straddle a chair , stare at a blank tv screen . singing commercial need a little easy money ? it 's e- Z . want a little easy cash ? it 's E - Z . e-z loan commercial as the jingle continue , we follow Joe and he radio into the loan office , the depress reality photograph and edit in the style of a tv commercial : jingle easy location to get to easy lady to greet you easy chair to seat you easy payment to meet let e- Z set you on easy Street Joe arrive confident harass e-z receptionist line of uneasy customer desperate , angry face ream of e-z form to fill clerk 's sneer , say Joe have to be kid int . time square palace lobby - night Joe 's image freeze -- as if another still photograph - stand at the desk , wait for he key . joe' voice Key to 1014 ... action continue as the desk clerk hand Joe a fold paper instead of a key . Joe open it , deeply perplex . desk clerk look like you be lock out of you room , buddy . till you pick up you tab . joe uh , what about my thing and all ? desk clerk we keep they nice and safe till you get this straighten out . intercut room 1014 warm and invite , Joe 's suitcase on the bed . joe listen , tell you what , you can keep all the rest of the goddam junk if you let I have just the suitcase . that suitcase mean a lot to I . intercut the postcard photograph mark X -- this be I . desk clerk we keep everything . House rule . ext . time square - night Joe stand outside the hotel , stunne , see the bright color light turn suddenly grey . the film continue in black and white as Joe walk into the crowd . ext . sally buck' beauty salon - day the for rent sign flap in the wind . int . bar - day Joe nurse a short beer , like the regular . he look up as a crippled panhandler approach , vaguely reminiscent of ratso . joe screw off . int . room 1014 - night the bed turn back , clean sheet , a soft night light . int . bus depot - night Joe be stretch on a bench , he stetson over he eye . a loud speaker announce a bus " depart for Texas " but Joe do not move . a policeman tap Joe 's boot with he night stick . Joe rise and start away with mix anger and apprehension . int . public men' room - day two match ivy leaguer exchange a glance as they see Joe wash he foot in the basin . Joe stare back with a belligerent grin . joe any objection , gentleman ? int . all night cafeteria - night Joe balance a cup of coffee , walk past the other solitary night people , avoid each other 's eye . Joe spot what he 's look for and seat himself next to a gaunt woman and she ten year old son , both freak out , erratically touch thing , themselves , each other in a futile effort to make contact with reality . but Joe be only concerned with the plastic-wrapp cracker leave by they empty soup bowl . job y'ai not gonna eat they ? the woman stare at Joe blankly . the boy run a toy mouse across the table , up he mother 's arm and around she face . with a polite nod , Joe open the cracker and squirt one with ketchup . Joe upset he chair as a great gob of ketchup spill onto he pants ... joe Shee - it . ... glance around with a embarrassed laugh , but the only one look be a cop , scratch he calf with a night stick . Joe keep he back to the customer as he move to the water dispenser , wet a paper napkin and try to wipe away the stain . but the water have only spread the stain across he pants and down he leg . he blushes as a blonde young streetwalker giggle . sally buck' voice wet you britches , lover boy ? int . subway arcade - night Joe try to hide the stain with he jacket as he check the coin box of vend machine , wary as he pass a burly policeman , abstractedly snap he handcuffs in front of a bakery window display of bride - and - groom wedding cake . Joe barely glance at a confuse middle - age lady . middle - age lady how do I get to Grand Central ? joe shuttle . follow the green light . automatically , check the trough of a gum vend machine , Joe unexpectedly face himself in the mirror , the eye stare at he tired and hopeless . his hand reach unconsciously for a cigarette , the package be empty . he crumple it in he fist but hold it . joe ( cont 'd ) alright , cowboy . enough of this shee - it . you know what you get to do ? ( nod ) then go do it . ext . forty - second STREET - night Joe hurl the crumpled package into a don't be a litterbug basket as he emerge from the subway , he radio at he ear . the torchy voice belt he love song , merge with street noise cry danger -- a ambulance , a burglar alarm , a policeman 's whistle -- the light flash lurid color for the first time since Joe be lock out , no longer promise but threaten , clash , warning as ... ... from a high angle , across the street , Joe join the other midnight cowboy , offer himself to all comer . his figure be momentarily obliterate by traffic then ... ... zoom in , we see Joe self - consciously try to hide the stain on he pants , embarrassed as a large sedan slow then move on to stop in front of a motorcycle freak . Joe be briefly obliterate again by a pass police car ... ... the recede flash of its turret light revealing Joe in close conversation with a frighten young fat boy , whose eye plead for reassurance as Joe scowl . int . room 1014 - day Joe 's black and white suitcase gleam on the bed . joe' voice twenty - three buck , I get to have twenty - three buck ... int . all night movie - night from a apparently empty balcony -- a old science fiction film grind endlessly through the night -- a lose spaceman try to make contact with a tantalize martian maiden across a invisible time barrier , theremin voice call , " earthling , where be you ? " fat boy' voice okay . sure . I get twenty - five ... at the top of the balcony , Joe lean back , turn he face away as the fat Boy embrace he , kissing Joe 's cheek and neck , he head move down out of frame to show -- on the screen -- the spaceman and martian maiden meeting , arm outstretch . but the martian maiden move right on through the spaceman , cry , " earthling come back , however many century it be , I will wait ! " Joe close he eye , force he memory back ... int . remembered movie house - another time ... repeat the remember image of anastasia and a young Joe , behind the movie screen ... anastasia you be the only one , Joe , the only , only one ever ! ... the remember passion continue , mount -- intercut with flash impression , like flipping page of a nudie magazine -- naked , half - drape blond gaze into camera with sultry eye , include one comic strip sexpot and the calendar girl in Joe 's Texas hotel room ... anastasia' voice you be the best , the very best , yes , yes , kiss I , oh God please kiss I , Joe , now , now , now ! ... Joe 's face in extreme close - up , sound of both movie house merge , confuse , dominate by the voice of adolescent boy ... boy ' voice hey , Joe , give someone else a chance ! what 's he do for chrisake ? he kissing anastasia ? you better swallow a whole goddam drugstore , man ! ... a adolescent ratpack wait in line behind the screen , laugh in coarse whisper , watch Joe and anastasia . o.s. theremin voice call " earthling , where be you ? " int . all night movie - night on screen , the martian maiden move through the spaceman , cry , " earthling , come back , however many century it be , I will wait ! " int . all night movie restroom - night Joe watch the fat Boy double over , retching . joe I be awful damn sorry you be sick , kid , but you gonna have to gimme that money like you say . fat boy I be lie . I do not have it . what be you go to do to I ? joe ( control fury ) what you get in you pocket ? eagerly , the boy produce a family photograph , a subway token , a dirty handkerchief . Joe grab he wrist , revealing a watch . joe ( cont 'd ) how much 's that worth ? fat boy I can not go home without my watch ! my mother would die ! she would die ! take my book ! not my watch ! she would die ! but Joe have already kick open the door . theremin voice drow out the fat Boy , call " earthling , where be you ? " int . all night movie - night Joe sprawl , try to sleep , he foot on the balcony rail , the radio at he ear . on screen , once again , the martian maiden move through the spaceman , cry , but we hear the voice of a desperate woman on two - way radio . as she speak , a policeman move along the aisle , slapping he palm with he night stick . desperate voice Bill , can I call you Bill , mister bonner ? I feel like I know you from listen . what I call about , Bill , I be gonna kill myself ... ext . sixth avenue - day from a high angle , only Joe 's stetson and radio can be see above a pass bus , its side panel advertising bill bonner' straight line , a straight talk show . bonner' voice why call I , baby ? if you want to do it ; just do it , do not talk about it . be we drunky ? feeling a little sorry for ourselves maybe ? Joe appear in full figure as the bus pass . he stand look at the suitcase in a luggage shop window . desperate voice well , Bill , what I get think , I do not want the neighbor to have to find I , this young couple with the boy I want to have my cat , see , Bill ? int . radio station - day bonner , tough in a grey crew - cut , talk on the phone . bonner okay , baby , now listen , just hold on while I leave the line for a minute . and think about all the kid that be die overseas for you , okay , baby ? get that ? I will be back in exactly sixty second . after this message from ... a taxi bear blast , interrupt the sponsor 's message . ext . sixth avenue - day Joe 's fist slam a fender violently , use ratso 's fake injury trick to stop traffic , run across the street toward ... ext . nedick be - day ... ratso stare out at Joe , paralyze in the act of lighting a cigarette -- intercut in flash close - up -- Joe outside the window , ratso inside -- reflect they conflict emotion -- Joe 's murderous rage -- ratso 's panic -- one almost subliminal flash of each revealing something like pleasure at find a long - lose friend ... int . nedick be - day ... ratso stare up into camera , hold he breath . ratso do not hit I , I be a cripple . Joe 's hand fall on ratso 's shoulder . joe oh , I be not gonna hit you , I be gonna strangle you to death ... the cigarette in ratso 's mouth burn into he lip . he jerk spasmodically , choke on smoke as he rip skin away with the butt and drop it in he coffee cup . joe ( cont 'd ) ... only first I be gonna turn you upside down and shake you out right here and now . cough , eye tear , ratso empty he pocket on the counter , finally produce : sixty - four cent , a few stick of gum , a almost empty cigarette package , a book of match and two pawn ticket . he raise he eye , somehow ashamed . Joe kick the toe of ratso 's loafer . joe what 's in you sock ? ratso not a cent , I swear to God , I swear on my mother 's eye . ratso remove he loafer and shake they , glance at the counter man . his sock do not even conceal he toe . disgust , Joe shove ratso 's small pile back at he . ratso ( cont 'd ) you keep the sixty - four cent . I want you to have it . joe it 's sticky . what you do , slobber on them ? I would not touch them . Joe should leave -- ratso obviously have nothing tangible to offer -- but Joe hesitates , lighting a cigarette as ratso pull on he loafer . ratso how do you like that o'daniel , flipping out like that ? I want to get in touch with you when I hear , but I be laid up with this cold ... ratso touch he chest , force a cough which continue itself beyond he intention . joe you want some free medical advice , shut you goddam mouth about that night . ratso okay , right , right , okay . another subject . where you live ? still at the hotel ? int . room 1014 - day the black and white suitcase lie open on the bed . int . nedick be - day Joe turn abruptly and walk away . joe Shee - it . I get better thing to do than talk to you . ext . sixth avenue - day Joe stride north , pretend he do not hear ... ratso' voice hey , wait up , for crissake ! ... ratso hop-skipp to overtake Joe at the traffic light . joe listen , keep away from I , hear ? you come near I again , I snatch you bald -headed ! ratso I be invite you . I mean if you be not locate , I get a place . I be invite you , goddamit . joe you invite shee - it . ext . tenement STREET - day a contractor 's sign announce luxury apartment available in high - rise co - op , under construction beyond a raw of tenement with X 's tape on the window . ratso 's voice continue over the click - clack -click of Joe 's boot and the flip - flap-squeak of ratso 's loafer as camera move toward a condemn building . ratso' voice the X on the window mean the landlord can not collect rent -- which be a convenience , hey ? -- on account of it 's condemn . int . tenement stair - day footstep climb past rubbish pile outside empty flat . ratso' voice the electric 's off . another convenience . I do not mess with con Edison , hey ? what the hell , I get candle , right ? int . X flat - day Light from the X window shine on a Florida tourist poster as ratso lead Joe into a abandon tub-in-kitchen flat , barely furnish with a table and chair , a rumple of blanket on a burnt - out mattress . ratso I get no heat , but by that time , you know , cold weather , hey , I will be in Florida . stretch out . make yourself comfortable . you hungry ? I will put up some water for coffee . ratso fill a saucepan from the tub-sink , set it on a sterno stove . Joe sit himself on the mattress - bed , pretend to test it , week of exhaustion and tension overwhelming he suddenly , he only immediate problem be the effort to restrain a large , comfortable yawn . joe comfortable , kee-rist , I sleep on subways softer than this . Joe stretch himself , yawn , he eyelid droop heavily . the sound of the city recede . Joe 's love theme play softly on a distant radio . Joe 's eye close momentarily in spite of he elf . int . remembered car - another time a vintage dashboard , radio dial glow , anastasia 's face . anastasia Love I , Joe ? ext . demolition site - day a huge metal ball arc on chain , demolosh a brick facade . int . X flat - day ratso 's face seem to radiate evil as he light a sterno can . Joe force he eye half - open . joe smart thing for I to do be haul ass outta here . ratso whatsa matter now ? Joe shiver , pull a blanket around he , resisting sleep , but the noise of demolition fade , the love theme lure Joe back . joe you do not seem like no fag ... ratso what 's that suppose to mean ? Joe 's eye close , he voice continue out of half - sleep . joe want I to stay here , y'after something . what y'after ? int . remembered car - night Joe 's thumbnail flare a match , expose anastasia on the car seat with Joe , both nearly naked . anastasia butterfly - kiss Joe 's chest as he light a cigarette . anastasia say you love I . just say it . joe okay . I love you . anastasia purr as she lip find Joe 's breast , try to nurse . a flashlight flare suddenly through the car window . nightmare - multiple split screen low angle ratso bend over Joe , into camera ... ... Sally Buck shocked , hand still on switch ... ... Joe blind by halation ... ... anastasia 's mouth scream soundlessly ... ... flashlight multiply on car window ... full frame -- anastasia catatonic in hospital gown -- a woman 's voice " what would he do to you , Annie ? " ... ... gang - bang ratpack surround car with flashlight ... ... Jackie shriek " he love she he love she " ... ... hand close on Joe 's buttock ... ... hand close on Joe 's naked leave foot ... ... hand on naked right foot ... ... dentist lean over Joe 's mouth ... ... hand pull Joe 's leg apart ... Zoom close - up -- anastasia scream soundlessly ... ... thermometer under Little Joe 's tongue ... ... Sally Buck shove chocolate in she mouth ... ... bewigge poodle lick she finger ... ... Sally Buck hang enema can on bedpost ... ... ratso lead ratpack chase naked anastasia ... ... corona of flashlight ... anastasia scream soundlessly -- flashlight shove into she mouth -- electronic rock blast ... ... blank - eye go - go girl in dance hall window ... ... Joe hold naked by ratpack ... ... ratso break beer bottle on Everett 's bar ... ... dwarf laugh on television ... ... ratso aim break bottle at Joe 's crotch ... ... shoot gallery cowboy riddle Joe 's pelvis ... anastasia catatonic in courtroom -- between gaunt parent - whining singsong " raped she rape she Joe Buck rape she " ... ... fat Boy 's mouth find Joe 's breast , try to nurse ... ... Sally Buck kiss he open-mouthed ... ... slug crawl up Joe 's stomach , trail mucus ... ... Cass 's poodle lap at he toe ... ... butterfly settle on he eye ... anastasia catatonic in courtroom between parent -- who be now o'daniel and Sally Buck ... ... drawl voice " evidence of repeat violation " ... ... Bill bonner in flag-cloth judge 's robe ... ... police advance , swinging night stick ... ... Joe run into Times Square , suddenly naked ... ... anastasia sit in all - night cafeteria ... ... freaky child run toy mouse over she naked body ... sire scream -- anastasia stare catatonic from rear window of ambulance ... ... ambulance racing away ... ... Joe chase naked after ambulance ... ... run into the arm of the police ... ... ratso laugh as police beat Joe ... int . X flat - night Joe awaken in a cold sweat , fight the blanket , wild - eye as he see ratso at the table , examine Joe 's radio by candle - light . Joe lunge across the room to snatch the radio from ratso 's hand . ratso for crissake ! still wild - eye , Joe suddenly point at he stock foot . joe where 's my boot -- ? ext . time square - day Joe face the crowd , naked except for he boot . int . X flat - night ratso point to the boot on the floor by the mattress . job how would they get off I ? ratso I take them off . joe what for ? ratso so you could sleep ! I mean Christ ! Joe inspect the boot , seat himself on a batter Army cot - which have be add while he sleep -- swinging a boot by its strap , consider whether to stay or go . ratso ( cont 'd ) I drug in a cot , if you want to stay . joe well now , ratso , I be gonna tell you something for you own good , only first gimme a cigarette . ratso offer a cigarette from he crush package , Joe strike a match on he thumbnail and light up , stare at ratso . joe ( cont 'd ) you want I to stay here tonight , be that the idea ? ratso I be not force you , like , I mean , who 's force you ? joe oh. guess I get the wrong impression . Joe make a slow move to pull on one boot . ratso I want you to stay , okay ? I goddam invite you , do not I ? joe well , I hope you know what you be in for . I be a very dangerous person . someone do I bad like you . if I catch up with you that night , there would be one dead ratso long about now . hear ? ratso I be impressed . you be a killer . joe so if you want I to hang around for a few day , I think you should know . Joe yawn , pick up a few blanket and spread they on the cot . he puzzle out the fade printing on one blanket . joe ( cont 'd ) property of the ymca . you make I wanna puke sometimes , ratso . ratso blow out the candle and wrap himself in blanket . ratso Joe -- do I one favor -- this be my place , be I wrong ? you know , in my own place my name be not ratso . I mean it so happen my name be enrico salvatore rizzo . joe Shee - it , man , I can not say all that . ratso Rico then , at least call I Rico in my own goddam place . joe Rico ! Rico ! Rico ! be that enough ? ( then ) and keep you meat hook off my radio . ext . vegetable market - day ratso wear a threadbare raincoat of fade black , several size too large , as he shop with housewive at a sidewalk vegetable stand -- elbow he way through the lady , testing fruit , pick up vegetable and put they back -- till the greengrocer spot he . greengrocer you ! out ! out ! I tell you , I calla cop ! the other shopper deliberately turn they back , avoid involvement . as the greengrocer grab ratso , Joe amble into the scene , wear he dangerous little smile . joe hey , looka here , that be not nice , pick on a cripple ... Joe intervene just long enough for ratso to escape , then amble on , leave the greengrocer in frustrated fury . camera hold on a tray of coconut . int . X flat - day Joe lie on he cot , watch ratso struggle to penetrate the fibrous husk of a coconut , experiment with a variety of rusty tool in a old cigar box . ratso the two basic item necessary to sustain life be sunshine and coconut milk . that 's a know fact . if I can find the goddam hole the milk squirt out . joe this be a okay setup you get here , but I would say you be not just exactly , uh , flush , be that right or not ? ratso I be sick . hold this , will ya ? Joe take he time rise to hold the coconut while ratso try to poke a hole with a bent ice-pick . ratso ( cont 'd ) in Florida , they come smooth , ready to eat . down there , you only problem be , diet - wise , you gotta lift a arm to wipe warm milk off you chin . tough , hey ? joe I think find you 's the smartest thing I ever do , for both of we . you just the crooked kinda sneaky little sidewinder I need to get I hustling in this town . hey ! Joe jerk he hand away just in time to avoid the ice-pick . the coconut bounce on the floor . ratso pick it up , hold it , while Joe try to crack it , swinging he boot like a hammer . ratso Miami Beach be the only place for a real hustler . Florida have more rich chick per square yard than any resort spot in the world . they lie out in they pagoda and pergolas wait to grab the first jockstrap that pass . joe what 's all this sweet talk about Florida ? you friend o' Daniel get a stable down there now ? Joe swing violently . ratso yelp , hopping on he one good leg , suck he thumb . ratso cowboy killer ! break my finger , Christ ! I get news for you , baby , no chick with any class busy that big dumb cowboy crap ... ratso hold he thumb under the tub-sink faucet . ratso ( cont 'd ) ... the cowboy bit 's out , except among fag of a certain type , which take a certain , type hustler to exploit . like I could handle it -- be a steal operation basically -- but take you average fag , very few of they want a cripple . Joe hold the coconut like yorick 's skull , think hard .* joe well , I be dumb , that 's for sure . I do not talk right . I can not think too good . just only one thing I ever be good for 's loving . woman go crazy for I . fact. crazy Annie . have to send she away . so I do not cash in on that , what be I ? I be shee - it . May 's well flush I down that hole with the dishwater . Joe set the coconut on the floor , hold it with both hand while he try to smash it with the heel of he boot . joe ( cont 'd ) that 's why you gonna stop crapping about Florida and get you skinny butt move to earn twenty buck worth of management you owe I ... int . room 1014 - day the suitcase lie open , display Joe 's wardrobe . joe' voice make that twenty - three buck . int . X flat - day Joe slam he heel down . the coconut shoot out from under he and he land on he ass . ratso look at yourself , Joe , no offense , but frankly , you be beginning to smell . for a stud in this town that 's a handicap . joe you talk like a man with a tin twat . ratso set the coconut on the window sill , balance it as he raise the X window . ratso you be not get a chance in hell . you need thread and glitter , baby . a front , hey ? joe well , uh , my manager 's gonna manage all that crap , or else he gonna get a coconut up he flue . Joe slam , the window down . the coconut fly down to crash o.s. on the sidewalk below . ext . sidewalk - day a alley cat lap up the milk of the break coconut . ext . time square - fantasy Joe stand naked in the middle of traffic . a siren shrill . anastasia , catatonic in a hospital smock , move toward Joe like a sleepwalker , pass through he . int . laundromat - day wearing only he boot , Joe sit like a indian chief , wrap in a blanket -- angle widen to show ratso , spot Joe 's jacket , slack and shirt with clean fluid -- he eye on a very pregnant italian lady . as she start to load a coin clean machine , ratso intervene solicitously , speak in italian ... ratso a woman in you condition should not do that . let I help ... ... adroitly slip Joe 's clean in with she load as she turn to seat herself beside Joe . joe' voice it be not right , steal from a pregnant lady . int . hat cleaners - day Joe and ratso stand wait at the counter . ratso what do it cost she ? the laundromat syndicate lose a couple coin . I be cry . the owner bring Joe 's clean and block stetson from the rear of the shop . Joe set it on he head and examine himself in a mirror as the owner hand ratso , the bill . ratso ( cont 'd ) where 's mine ? the black homburg ? I bring it in the same time . the owner glance at the slip , puzzle , return to the rear of the shop to search for the nonexistent homburg . ratso quickly drag Joe away from the mirror and out of the shop . int . subway arcade - night the rhythmic duet of boot and loafer follow Joe and ratso - check coin box and telephone booth -- till they reach a shoeshine stand , lock for the night . they loiter till a young couple have disappear , then Joe kick loose ' the padlock on the equipment drawer , mount one of the chair and ratso go to work on he boot with furious expertise , flourishing double brushes , snap the rag like a jazz drummer . joe hey , you be good ! I bet you could pick up a live at this if you try . ratso and end up a hunchback like my old man ? you think I be crippled ? you shoulda catch he the end of a day . ratso demonstrate a chimpanzee walk . Joe laugh . ratso turn back in panic as another man take a chair next to Joe . ratso be about to retuse when a cop take the third chair , swinging he handcuffs around to the front , tapping he shoe with he night stick . ratso quickly drop a rag over the break padlock , cursing under he breath as he start work on all three customer at the same time . ratso' voice you think it 's funny ? int . X flat - day Joe be seat in a straight - back chair near the X window , a towel tuck around he neck as ratso trim he hair , almost as expert a barber as shoeshine boy . ratso stupid bastard cough he lung out breathe that resin all day . they bury he with glove on . even the fag undertaker could not get he nail clean . as if by condition reflex , ratso choke on the cigarette in he mouth , cough painfully . he crush it out , open the window to spit , shiver , then slam it and turn back to remove the towel from Joe 's neck . joe kee-rist , you pretty damn clever for a skimpy little gimp . ratso you like it ? take a look . joe do not rush I . how I do it , see , I get myself prime , like I be turn on the charm for some pretty little blonde lady , then kinda mosey away slow and easy and - swing around ! -- and there you be , you handsome devil . Joe perform he ritual as he speak , but more relaxed , faintly laugh at himself with ratso . the wall mirror have be add since we last see the flat , along with a legless overstuff chair with burnt - out cushion , a tasselled table cover , pinup , calendar girl and several new Florida tourist poster , ratso move to Joe 's side , arrange the neckerchief , nodd . ratso not bad -- for a cowboy -- you be okay , you be okay . joe what I be gonna do , I be gonna make a cowboy outta you , kid . how about that ? build you up a little , teach you couple little trick and turn y'out to stud , rat-stuff . Joe slap he hat on ratso 's head , tilt it , hook ratso 's thumb in he jeans and shove a cigarette into the corner of ratso 's mouth . ratso laugh till he choke -- for one instant , self - consciously , mimick Joe -- then remove the hat and reach for he threadbare black raincoat . joe ( cont 'd ) okay , you get yourself one handsome , sweet - smell cowboy , strut you stuff ... ext . converted town house - day Joe and ratso peer down through a basement bay window , into the office of the perfect gentleman escort service -- endorse by lead travel agency and credit club offer discreet companionship and personal guide tour in any language . a large-bust matron , on a french phone , fill out a memo and hand it to a immaculate young escort , who slip the memo into he topcoat pocket as he come from the office and hail a cab . ratso dart forward , limping exaggeratedly , hold the door , lift the memo as he brushes off the escort 's topcoat . the young man wave he away with out a tip . ratso slam the door and bite he thumb after the cab , unfold the memo as he join Joe on the sidewalk . ratso how do you like that ? cheap bastard ... ( read , then ) I think we strike gold . this be one high - class chick . the barbizon for woman ! ext . manhattan skyline - dusk the mutual of New York tower flash mony . int . corner phone booth - dusk ratso consult the memo as he speak into the phone . ratso Mr. mcneill , I be call for miss beecham at the barbizon Hotel for woman . she will not need you tonight ... ext . barbizon for women - night a doorman help a young lady into a limousine . ratso' voice would you believe a whole goddam hotel with nothing but lonely chick ? Joe and ratso watch from across the street . ratso score once in that setup , the way chick talk , Christ ... Joe crack he gum , tilt he hat , start across the street . ratso ( cont 'd ) get the money ! remember Cass trehune ? Cash ! this rich bitch write a check at night , call the bank and stop payment in the morning . get the cash ! in ratso 's eye -- as Joe enter the hotel -- its facade suddenly wipe away to reveal rich lady in negligee wait in every room . int . barbizon for women - night Joe start up the stair , two at a time . a bellhop grab he . bellhop hey ! no man upstairs ! ext . barbizon for women - night ratso warm he hand at a chestnut vendor 's cart , see ... ... zoom close - up , a lady in a window grab Joe . int . barbizon for women - night Joe pick up a house phone , watch by the bellhop . ext . barbizon for women - night ratso see Joe zip from room to room in wild animation . int . barbizon for women - night the lobby watch Joe blow a gum bubble at the elevator . ext . exclusive dress shop - night stare at a window display of Florida sportswear , ratso 's imagination soar , see ... ext . florida beach front - fantasy ... ratso , like a model in a travel poster , in gaudy sport shirt , talk on the phone against a background of hotel ... ... ratso like James bond , surround by bikinis , dictating while girl serve coconut milk and massage he game leg ... ... ratso like George raft , in evening clothes , run a posh casino , flick a coin ... ... ratso simply himself , dress as he be , sit on the beach , at peace in the sun ... ... the same identical picture with Joe sit beside ratso . int . barbizon for women - night Joe face miss beecham , a reserve and rather plain young lady in evening dress , she try to speak softly . miss beecham I be afraid there 's be a terrible mistake ... ext . exclusive dress shop - night ratso lean against the window , flipping a coin . ext . barbizon for women - night miss beecham be flushed with humiliation , the entire lobby watch Joe in the hand of two bellboy . joe I want my money , goddamit , you owe I my money whether you get laid or not , lady , shee - it ! ext . exclusive dress shop - night the light in the window suddenly switch off , black out Florida . ratso glance toward the growl of a siren o.s . ext . barbizon for women - night a police prowl car slow in front of the hotel . ratso swing across the street with incredible speed to meet Joe as he 's toss onto the sidewalk . ratso pick up the stetson and brushes it off , then help Joe to he foot . ext . sixth avenue - night from a high angle -- the two figure move slowly along the desert avenue , they rhythmic musical duet grow more and more faint in the distance , a break grasshopper and a six foot tarnish cowboy -- pass a tuxedo rental store , next to a light sign -- temperature in miami beach , florida 89 degree -- they pace slow to a dead stop ... int . X flat - night ... Joe and ratso freeze -- rain on the X windowpane freezing into sheet ice . o.s. a radio commercial play warm , sentimental music while a cozy voice explain how easy it be to heat with humble oil . ext . condemned tenement - day Joe and ratso freeze in a narrow shaft of sunlight , watch the huge metal ball demolish the building next door . o.s. a radio announcer sell frozen sunshine orange juice . int . X flat - night Joe and ratso freeze , stare significantly at Joe 's radio . o.s. a sing commercial , " do not wheeze and sneeze the winter away ! drink frozen sunshine every day ! " ext . pawn shop - day through the window -- Joe and ratso watch the pawnbroker examine Joe 's radio , " be healthier , wealthier , life can be fine , when you drink frozen " -- Sunshine be click off by the pawnbroker . int . X flat - night Joe and ratso freeze , wrap in blanket as ... ... the can heat die with a faint puff ... ... water drip in the tub-sink freeze into a icicle ... ... the candle burn down and out , leave the screen dark . ext . condemned tenement - day Joe and ratso warm themselves on the smoke and steam rise from a subway grate -- watch two official in fur collare coat inspect the front of they X flat building . reading they doom , Joe and ratso , continue on , disappear into the subway . ext . forty - second STREET - night Joe stand alone , watch the midnight cowboy ply they trade . camera pull back as Joe turn away and enter a store front blood bank , offer ten dollar to blood donor . insert a huge hypodermic fill the frame , suck Joe 's blood . o.s. ratso cough uncontrollably . int . X flat - night ratso lean over the tub-sink , dry-heave while he cough , wear a sheepskin coat much too large for he . he control the cough with effort -- hearing the door open and close o.s. -- wipe he mouth and turn to grin at ... ... Joe , try to light the empty sterno can , deliberately ignore ratso . ratso shrug , wash he mouth at the faucet , find a cigarette butt and light it , careful to avoid inhale the first puff . joe Shee - it . cough yourself inside out , then light a fag , a goddam fag . you make I puke . where would you steal it ? in the movie ? ratso the coat ? a guy I do a favor once give it to I . Christ . joe who would you ever do a favor for ? you just let some poor bastard freeze to death , would not you ? Joe slam ten dollar on the table . ratso glance at Joe with curious concern . ratso where would that come from ? joe forty-second Street . where and hell you think it come from ? ratso you wanna know the truth ? you dumb bastard , I get it for you . look at it . goddam thing 's ten size too big for I . ratso pull off the coat and throw it at Joe . joe wear it yourself . I would not put it on my back . Joe throw it back at ratso . ratso goddamn if I will wear it ! ratso hurl it in a corner . Joe shove the ten at ratso . joe go get you medicine . before you die on my goddam , hand ... ext . east river bridge - day High angle -- Joe and ratso cross a foot , chill by wind , neither wear the sheepskin coat . the queen riverfront and factory appear cold and bleak , desert on Sunday . ext . long island cemeteries - day camera move into acre of tombstone , pile like low - rent housing project for the dead , the various faith segregated by crumble boundary . joe' voice Shee - it . I hate boneyard . ratso' voice so split . he be not you goddam , father . ext . protestant cemetery - day ratso lead Joe past a negro family at a grave -- glance around -- snatch a elaborate floral piece from a headstone and hide it under he black raincoat as he dart toward a low divide wail and swing himself over into ... ext . catholic cemetery - day ... a endless section of plain stone marker . Joe touch he hat to two nun , guiltily hurry to overtake ratso at ibis father 's grave , indistinguishable from the other grave except for the name on the headstone . ratso place the floral piece on the grave with almost absurd solemnity . Joe laugh . joe kee-rist , you sure be one twisty little bastard , ratso . ratso the name 's Rico , at my own father 's grave , a man deserve some respect . joe respect shee - it ! you even steal flower for he grave . ratso can he smell the difference , eh ? Joe read from the ribbon on the floral display . joe well , uh , he dam well know he be not ' be -love aunt winifre ' . ratso he can not read . even dumber than you . could not write he own name . X -- that 's what it ought to say there on that goddam headstone . one big lousy X like we flat . condemn . by order of City Hall . Joe be frown , stand at the , headstone , momentarily depressed with a undefine sorrow . joe my grammaw Sally Buck , she die without let I know . ext . sally buck' beauty salon - day through the window , past the for rent sign , the tarnish drier be line up like tombstone . ext . jewish cemetery - day Joe frown , puzzle , as ratso pull out a black skullcap , lead Joe toward a group of professional mourner , whisper : ratso just keep you hat on and cry a little . they tip you when it 's over . Joe and ratso join the mourner as the funeral move to the grave , ratso mouth a authentic double - talk ... ... Joe stand self - consciously , aware of the covert glance of the other mourner , automatically reach up to remove he hat , remember when ratso elbow he in the rib ... ... Joe scowling , tight - lipped , embarrassed by the tip that be thrust in he hand . int . lunch counter - evening a weary Santa Claus , in a rent beard and over - large costume , warm he hand over the steam of he coffee cup . Joe and ratso be argue farther down the counter . joe just be not right , cheating someone dead and can not cheat back . in the background , as ratso speak , hansel and gretel macalbertson enter the lunch counter , inspect the customer one by one . both wear black turtleneck and jeans , dress as twin , both blond and pretty . ratso you and my old man . same kinda mind . put I down till the day he die ... ( mimic ) ... why can not you be like you brother ? son a father could be proud of . yeah , sure . my brother . too goddam busy make something of themselves to show up when the old man 's die ! condition reflex , ratso start to cough . Joe see the macalbertson in the mirror , stand behind he , study he . gretel nod , hansel hand Joe a large black card , smile vaguely , then move on . ratso ( cont 'd ) what be that all about ? Joe study the black card , frown at first , suddenly smile , turn as if to call after the macalbertson , but they be disappear around the corner . Joe hand the card to ratso . joe you wanna read something , read this . I be invite somewhere . shock pink letter on the black card read you be invite to help US bury love -- tonight at broadway and harmony lane - hansel and gretel macalbertson . joe ( cont 'd ) they pick I . the only one in the whole goddam place . you see how they look I over , up and down before they give I that ? ratso so ? Joe see a young man wash cup behind the counter . Joe shake he head , wonderingly , turn to study himself in the mirror . joe well , this think just strike I . it be not too long ago I be wash dish way the hell somewhere in Texas . ratso yeah , well , so ? joe now I be here . I be in New York City . get pick for thing . do not you see what I be drive at ? ratso what you be drive at , you want I to get lose so you can go to you fancy - ass party . joe do I say that ? do I ? ( study card ) it do not say nothing about you ... ratso do not say nothing about you either . joe but they pick I , right ? so what I will do , I will just say , now look , you want I ? well , I do not go nowhere without my buddy here . ratso ( shrug ) well , what the hell , I get nothing better to do . ext . loft build - night snow swirl in the aureole of a street light as Joe and ratso run , head lower , turn into ... int . loft build - night ... a drab entrance hall , dimly light -- sign identify various commercial tenant -- a pink -on - black placard read macalbertson , two flight up . Joe have start up before he notice ratso , lean on the bannister at the foot of the stair , struggle to catch he breath . his face and hair be wet with perspiration , he lip lavender - blue . in swift flash -- intercut -- Joe read the panic in ratso 's eye , so intense that Joe share it , unable to speak or offer reassurance . joe better dry you hair some . you sweat all over the goddam place . Joe pull out he shirttail , grab ratso by the neck and rub he head dry . joe ( cont 'd ) you get a comb ? ratso do not need a comb . joe few dozen cooty will not kill I , do not guess . Joe hand ratso he own comb . ratso swipe at he tangle hair angrily until two tooth break in the comb . he hand the comb back , tug at he hair with he finger , pat it in place , then look back into Joe 's eye . ratso okay ? I look okay ? in a moment of silence , distant sound can be hear -- a siren , the grind tooth of a garbage truck , the twang of a electric guitar upstairs at the party -- then ratso make a quick gesture of impatience and start up the stair , pull himself on the bannister . int . macalbertson ' loft - night a bank of light blind Joe and ratso as they enter -- electronic rock blast they ear -- a bearded cameraman on a step - ladder photograph they as they stand confuse -- face a monstrous collage of tabloid photo blow up , show the murder of a hippie know as groovy -- in - huge black letter , love be groovy -- groovy be dead . Joe shout over the amplify music . joe better get a hold of someone and tell they I be here . ratso point to he ear -- he can not hear -- follow Joe across the room . the huge loft be crowded with a random selection , gather to serve as dress extras in a underground film . the party be the scene . the macalbertson merely supply the ingredient and allow it to happen , with camera strategically place to record the happen ... ... hansel with tape recorder , gretel with hand -held camera drift through the crowd -- catch word and image in a detach , whimsical fashion . gretel turn she camera on Joe and ratso as they approach . joe ( cont 'd ) well , I make it . this here be ratso rizzo and I ... ratso rico. Rico rizzo . gretel smile without recognition . hansel gesture vaguely . hansel do you need anything ? I mean there 's beer and so forth . whatever you thing be ... the twin move away together , pause to confer with the operator of a tripod camera -- focus on a emaciate flower girl with long hair and dirty foot , stretch in a sarcophagus , clutching a dead daffodil , she eye glaze . scrawle in huge letter on the wall over she head -- love ! ratso if you want the word on that brother and sister act , I will give you the word . that hansel 's a fag and gretel 's get the hot for herself . so who care , right ? load up on the salami ... ratso head for the refreshment table . Joe start after he but pause , intrigue by a alcove under the balcony where a light show be in progress -- surreal image of naked body project against abstract current of color and strobe light ... ... a bored fat lady in a muu-muu , squatted like a buddha at a low table , roll joint for the guest . she light a joint and offer it to Joe as he wander in to watch the show . Joe laugh delightedly when he realize what it be ... joe Shee - it , this be one helluva party ! ... glance around at the other , imitate they technique -- the quick inhaler , who follow with sharp gulp of air - the deep inhaler who draw air as they inhale -- the stylist who let the smoke drift out and inhale through the nostril -- Joe puffing himself slightly dizzy , start to laugh at the silent flick effect of the strobe light -- the action around he slow almost imperceptibly , overcrank -- a veil of smoke hang over the fat woman 's face , transform she into a laugh witch -- a similar veil around Joe 's head , relax the self - conscious tension of he face , spontaneously curious about the play of light on he hand , grin at ... ... a serious young technician handle the light show , scatter psychedelic star across a sky of magenta flesh ... ... Joe reach for the star as he rise and wander back to the crowded loft , fascinate to see ... ... a crew with camera and light , on the balcony at one end of the loft , photograph the scene below ... ... a dark - haire lady by the name of shirley -- chic in the style of a gangster 's moll -- drink beer from the bottle , predatory eye search the crowd ... ... ratso surreptitiously stuff he pocket from the buffet table , glance nervously over he shoulder , unaware of gretel and she hand -held camera , photograph ratso as he steal , turn away casually , disinterested ... ... Joe laugh as he dance for a moment with a tall black girl -- the light swinging around they -- face swim ... ... shirley in fleeting close - up , go in a instant , reappearing ... int . macalbertson bathroom - night ... she face in the mirror smile in a dark , provocative way -- Joe stand at the bathroom door , forget to be embarrassed as shirley turn away from the mirror , unhurriedly , run she finger through she hair , boldly meeting Joe 's eye . shirley I can tell , can not you ? joe yeah , oh yeah . shirley what will we do ? leave now or what ? you place or mine ? oh God , the second I look at you I know . do you ? Joe grin , watch shirley 's lip move , unable to keep she in sync , startle to hear ratso 's voice . ratso' voice she 's hook ... int . macalbertson ' loft - night Joe realize he be back at the party , ratso whisper hoarsely . ratso ... I would say she be good for ten buck , but I will ask for twenty ... but Joe be watch with terrible fascination as hansel and gretel lift the flower girl from she sarcophagus . shirley' voice do you know ? we be go to make it ? Joe glance down to see himself flanke by ratso and shirley . ratso you really want to do business ? shirley who 's he ? oh God ! do not tell I you two be a couple -- ? the flower girl , hypnotically daze , accept a broom dip in black paint and smear a huge X across love . Joe laugh . hansel's voice why be you laugh , Joe ? hansel hold a microphone toward Joe , who shrug , grin at ratso and shirley . gretel 's camera move down Joe 's body . hansel be you for real , Joe ? joe well , I be not a f'real cowboy , but I be one hell of a stud ! shirley glance at ratso , who nod , whisper in she ear . ratso a very expensive stud . and I happen to be he manager . the scene -- from Joe 's viewpoint -- become increasingly confusing and fragment , dialogue and image move in and out of focus , camera and light surround he , keep the center of attention in he own blow mind ... ... shirley 's eye unnaturally bright , inspect he body , linger on he thigh , moisten she lip ... shirley it 's too much -- to come face to face with a walk talk sex fantasy -- to buy a man 's -- God ! ... the tall black girl dance in stroble light , start to remove she clothes -- gretel follow she with a camera ... shirley' voice I can not wait to tell my man Monday . I should be take note . look at my arm ! ... shirley 's talon - like fingernails caress the gooseflesh on she tan arm ... ratso' voice I gotta sit down . I feel crummy . ratso stretch out on a victorian love seat -- the flower girl walk unsteadily , pass out dead daffodil , place one in ratso 's hand gretel photograph he reaction ... shirley' voice eat it -- a man in you line of work have to keep he strength up ... ... shirley bring Joe a massive sandwich on a paper plate , watch he bite into it ... shirley it 's fantastic , now I know , everything you do have sexual implication . if I you know , buy it -- could I take picture of you naked ? that 's part of it , be not it , kinky kinda thing ? ... the tall black girl and a few other be try to promote a orgy . a scrofulous old wino dance spastically , work he toothless gum , prepare to expose himself to two girl dance together ... hansel's voice we want you , Joe . you have be choose . ... five youth stand beside the sarcophagus -- two sailor , two cycle freak , a weight - lifter -- wait to be pallbearer . Joe join they . all light and camera be turn on the slow funeral procession , carry the flower girl out of the loft to the tune of " moonlight and rose " . Strobe light add to the unreality of the scene ... shirley' voice I have a thing for he . before I know . why should know make it more of a thing ? ... shirley talk to gretel as she photograph the funeral . shirley naturally I will have to ask myself why a cowboy ? and why a cowboy whore ? but not tonight . int . macalbertson landing - night shirley be pull she coat out of the pile on the bannister . shirley incidentally , how much be this go to cost I anyway ? Joe turn to ratso , whose attention be fix on the coat . joe tell she , ratso . ratso twenty buck ... shirley sold . let 's go . ratso ... and taxi fare for I . shirley get lose . ratso I agree . and for that service I charge one dollar taxi fare . she take a dollar from she purse and hand it to ratso , take Joe 's arm and start down the stair . ratso linger , start quickly through the coat , frisk they for loose change . int . loft build lobby - night at the foot of the stair , shirley kiss Joe violently . shirley you name 's Joe . which be fabulous . Joe could be anyone . kiss I , Joe , move over , Joe , go away , Joe . it 's just perfect . they glance up as ratso appear , swinging down too rapidly on the bannister . he miss a step and fall -- a clown 's fall , unable to stop but apparently not hurt himself . shirley and Joe be laugh when ratso land at the foot of the stair . shirley ( cont 'd ) he fall . hey , fella , you fall . be he all right ? ratso ( rise , mimic ) be he all right ! joe well , if you be awright , why you hang on the bannister . can you walk or not ? ratso walk ? naturally I can walk . shirley he 's get taxi fare . joe sure you be all right ? ratso ( shout ) I say yeah ! yeah , yeah , yeah ! int . taxicab - night Joe and shirley be kissing . shirley roll away , flushed , fan herself . Joe roll down the window . ext . village STREET - night Joe lean out of the taxi window , wave he stetson , bellow at the snow . joe whoopee it yi yo ...! ext . loft build - night ratso make he way slowly from the building to the curb , whistling between he tooth sharply , hail a cab . the cab slow to a stop . then the driver see ratso , shift into gear and drive on . ratso bite he thumb after the cab , rest for a moment on the lamp post , then start painfully inching he way along the desert street . int . shirley' bedroom - night Joe lie on he back , stare fixedly at a fragile mobile hang from the ceiling , stir listlessly . shirley' voice that happen . do not worry about it ... shirley lean on one elbow , look at Joe sympathetically , fight a almost irrepressible desire to laugh . still avoid shirley 's eye , Joe find a cigarette on the side table , search for match . joe well , that 's something never happen to I before , you can bet you bottom dollar . uh , where 's the match , mar 'am ? shirley top drawer . maybe if you do not call I mar 'am , thing would work out better . Joe find the match , light up and lie back , stare at the mobile as he smoke , still not look at shirley . joe first goddam , time it ever quit on I . fact . the repress laugh finally break through . shirley stifles it quickly as Joe sit up , look at she . joe ( cont 'd ) you think I be lie ! shirley ( control herself ) no . of course not . just something strike I funny ... Close on Joe -- watch shirley closely , reacting . shirley' voice I just put myself in you shoe . I have this image of a bugler without a horn , a policeman without a stick , etcetera , etcetera and I ... ( giggle ) I think I would better shut up , I be make it worse . shirley compose she face , reach out to touch Joe . but that do not help either . he react sharply . shirley maybe we should take a little nap , see what happen ? joe I be not sleepy . shirley I know . scribbage ! extreme close - up of Joe -- frown , puzzle ... joe Shee - it ... ... camera pull back to show Joe concentrate on a game , spread out on the sheet , consist of nine dice lettere on all side , the object be to build as many word as possible , scrabble fashion , while a sand timer count the second . shirley watch Joe 's effort to think with sympathetic amusement . the only word Joe have compose so far be man . shirley that 's pretty freudian , Joe . joe what ? it 's a perfectly good word , be not it . how much time I get ? ( glance up ) goddam sand thing drive you crazy . kee-rist . spell never be a very strong point with I . even in school . shirley if you do not talk so much , maybe you could think more . joe talk help . do not talk , you get muddle in you head . hey ! now you just look at this here ! Joe spell out mony , down from the m in man . shirley there 's a E in money . if that 's you word . joe m-o-n-y -- I be right ! that 's just exactly how they spell it up there on that big building , bet you could see it from here . m-o- N - y . shirley ( stifles giggle ) okay . never argue with a man . joe y -- what in hell start with y ? shirley slyly trail the tip of she fingernails across Joe 's chest as she lean over to study the game , breathe softly into he ear as she speak . shirley it can end in y day , pay , lay -- hey , pay lay ! one predatory hand rest on he knee -- as if by accident - disarrang the sheet , talon nail lightly brush he thigh . joe cut it out . that 's cheating , teasing I so I can not think . just one bitsy y word and I gonna beat you ! shirley you gonna beat I , Joe ? joe beat you butt , you do not lemme think ! shirley Gay end in y. fey . you like that -- gay fey -- be that you problem ? joe I show you what problem -- but the end of he sentence be swallow by shirley , take he kiss in she open mouth , crush by its impact , a animal noise snarling deep in she throat -- the agonize alley cat wail of pleasure -- Joe 's problem be solve . Joe 's love theme swell triumphant . at the same time , shirley half -rise , try to force Joe 's head down , she own on top . the issue be join . shirley have name the game . her objective be to force Joe onto he back . Joe 's objective be to retain he initiative . camera ignore the classic action on the central front , concentrate exclusively on peripheral tactical maneuver ... ... Joe 's elbow pin she shoulder ... ... she eye bright , accept the challenge ... ... he tight smile revealing clench tooth ... ... she finger search out then tickle he underarm ... ... Joe laugh as he fall lopsidedly ... ... shirley laugh triumphantly ... ... he hand close on she wrist ... ... she talon - nail claw the air ... ... she toe walk up he calf ... ... she leg suddenly lock around he knee ... ... she free hand grab he hair ... ... she shoulder rise as she force he head back ... ... she lip press down on he ... ... he hand swatting a unidentified mass of flesh ... ... she eye pop , tooth clamping he ear lobe ... ... he hand catch she ankle ... ... she tooth lose the ear lobe as she scream ... ... she foot appear upside down beside she face ... ... she talon - nail furrowing flesh , draw blood ... ... he head rear back , roaring ... ... both roll to the floor , out of view ... ... she foot suddenly fly up into view ... ... she hand tug rhythmically at the blanket ... ... she other hand wildly explore Joe 's back ... ... she ankle lock spasmodically ... ... she eye and mouth wide , gape ... ... the blanket suddenly rip free , fly into the air as she arm fling itself around Joe ... ... the bedclothes spilling down around they , muffle she ascend shriek . joe' voice whoopee it yi yo ... int . shirley' bedroom - morning shirley have difficulty reverting to she nine - to- five role as a madison Avenue career girl . half - dress for work , she be talk on the telephone , she eye on the open door to the bathroom , through which Joe 's voice continue sing . shirley well , I really can not talk now , if you know what I mean , but believe I when I say , myra , it 's a experience every emancipate woman owe herself . I be not . I be not exaggerate . well , what 's phil 's poker night ? ( yell off ) Joe -- be you available next Thursday , eight - thirty ? int . shirley' bathroom - morning thoroughly shave , bath and groom , Joe be sprinkle a expensive cologne into he boot . he yell back enthusiastically . joe well , lemme think now , Thursday , eight - thirty , yeah , I guess I could be available . Hell , yeah . int . shirley' bedroom - morning shirley turn back to the phone . Joe appear , grin . shirley why do not you just come here ? I will be work every night this week . I will leave a key with the super ... joe' voice well , mar 'am -- shirley -- I sure hate to trouble you , but ... shirley open she purse , savore the moment . as she place the money in Joe 's hand ... int . men' store - day ... Joe slap a bill on the counter , admire a fine new cowboy shirt in the mirror , wriggle new white sock into he boot . suddenly remember , he go to the sock rack and busy two pair , one large and one small . gradually dominate , Joe 's love theme recur , continue over ... int . chain drug store - day ... Joe slap down money to pay for a assortment of medicine . int . condemned tenement - day Joe take the stair two at a time to burst in on ... int . X flat - day ... ratso huddle in the overstuff chair -- wear the steal sheepskin coat -- wrap in blanket , he tooth chatter , in spite of the sweat on he forehead . Joe stop abruptly , he mood shattered by ratso 's alarming condition . they simply stare at each other for a moment , then Joe turn away to see soup heating on the sterno stove . Joe toss one of he paper bag onto ratso 's lap ... joe see what you think of that crap . I will pour you soup . get some of that junk you like to swill , too . mentholatum . aspirin . all that shee it ... ratso open the paper bag , try to control he shiver , pull out the sock and a suit of long underwear . he see Joe watch he for a reaction . the best ratso can do be a slight shake of he head . joe ( cont 'd ) they wrong ? ratso no . but while you be buy the underwear , I could have lift the sock . joe you could not lift fly speck from a sugar bowl . can you hold this ? Joe hand ratso the soup . ratso seem steady by the warmth in he hand . he nod , sip the soup . ratso but thanks . ( hesitates , then ) hey , Joe , do not get sore about this or anything . you promise ? joe yeah . ratso well , I do not think I can walk . ( embarrassed ) I mean , I be fall down a lot and , uh ... joe and what ? ratso I be scared . joe what of ? ratso what will happen . I mean what they do to , you know , do with you -- if you can not -- ah , Christ ! joe who ? ratso I do not know . cop . or the -- how should I know ? ratso be tremble so violently that the sou , start to slop over . Joe take it and set it on the table . joe okay . here it be . you gonna go see the doctor . I get nine buck and twenty more Thursday and I gonna be riding high before you know it . so you gonna get you the best goddam doctor in this town and get yourself straighten out , that 's what . ratso no doctor . no , sir . not I . doctor be like goddam auto mechanic . fix one - thing , unplug another . operate for pile and while they be there , they unscrew you liver . my old man , for God 's sake , be not any sicker and I be when he go to the doctor . joe well , just exactly what the hell you think you be gonna do ? die on I ? ratso I be go to Florida , that 's my only chance . joe you know what 's wrong with you ? you get fever . you kinky as a bedbug . how you gonna get to Florida ? ratso I will find the money . if you just get I on the bus , that 's all I ask . joe just when everything 's go my way , you gotta pull a stunt like this . ratso I do not even want you to go . whaddya think of that ? I get other plan for my life than drag around some dumb cowboy that think he 's God 's gift to woman . one twenty - buck trick and he 's already the biggest stud in New York City . it 's laughable . Joe set he stetson on he head . joe when I put you on that bus down to Florida tonight , that will be the happiest day of my life ! int . phone booth - day Joe strike a match with he thumbnail and watch it curl away while he wait , hearing a phone ring . then the phone be answer by a woman 's voice . joe hey , shirley ... miss who ? oh , yeah , well , when will missus gardner be home ? ... I be a friend of hers , a goddam good friend ... Shee - it , I can not wait till then ... Joe hang up while the answer service 's voice be still talk . the match have burn out . Joe flip it away . insert headline -- walter P. BOX take new york by surprise . ext . time square - dusk Joe loiter outside a gag headline print shop , he eye follow a man in homburg and chesterfield . ext ./ int . metropole - dusk Joe linger momentarily , identify with the violence in a jazz drummer , he eye search for a pickup . int . arcade - dusk Joe test he skill in a shoot - down with a large metal cowboy and kill he , a record voice sneak , " get I ! " as the cowboy slump . Joe glance off as he hear polite applause ... towny' voice bravo ... ... towny -- a stout , round - face man -- clasp Joe 's hand between both of he own , like a old friend . towny how be you ? ( more quietly ) townsend P. locke , from Chicago . call I towny . I be here to attend a paper manufacturer ' convention and , frankly , to have a little fun , dammit ... towny grip Joe 's elbow , almost forcibly lead he away . ext . side STREET west of broadway - dusk towny 's face appear huge at Joe 's shoulder . towny this be my first night in town and I will consider it a ghastly omen clouding my entire ten day , if you do not consent to have dinner with I . anywhere you like ... towny 's mouth continue speak at a incredible rate , but he word be drown out momentarily by the grinder of a sanitation truck , chew up a discard Christmas tree with tinsel cling to it . towny be still talk when they have pass the truck . towny ( cont 'd ) ... never mind how you be dress . they know I . I will say you be with the rodeo . there 's always a rodeo in New York , dammit . besides , you look very elegant ... ext . STREET corner - night Joe hardly notice o' Daniel on a far cornet , he whining scarcely audible . " ye be the salt of the earth , Jesus say , but if the salt hath lose its savor , wherewith shall it be salted ? " towny but , dammit all , I just remember , we will have to eat in my room because I have this phone call come at nine-thirty ... int . towny' HOTEL elevator - night a ancient open cage lift . towny what I like about you , you be such a wonderful conversationalist . so will not that be nice to have dinner send up ? int . towny' HOTEL corridor - night a threadbare , carpete but spacious hallway . towny fifty year ago this be the only hotel in Manhattan . my mother always call I at she bedtime , so I have get to be there . int . towny' bedroom - sitting room - night the room have little to recommend it except its size and large french window , through which -- ignore by Joe -- the mutual tower flash mony . towny wave Joe toward the couch , quickly slip several physical culture magazine from the coffee table onto a shelf beneath . towny a drink ? I have get some nice gin . if you would prefer something else , they will send it up ... joe gin 's okay . towny it 's so exciting . New York . the mad forward thrust of everything . my sense of time here be completely alter . int . tenement stair - day Joe carry ratso down the stair , wrap in a blanket . int . towny' bedroom - sitting room - night the coffee table be litter with empty carton of chinese food , soak through with brown sauce . Joe find the last egg roll and eat it as towny 's voice drone on . towny sometimes it seem to I time stop twenty year ago . there be this war , there be this handsome young man with quite black hair and he be suppose to die . but he do not . be not that amusing ? joe what ? towny 's dialogue move out of sync . towny 's eye seem to look into camera -- from Joe 's viewpoint -- but slightly past it . the quality of the scene grow increasingly disjoint as Joe glance around the room , look for something to steal , lose personal contact with towny , view he as a object to be use for a specific purpose . towny enough about I . I be through talk for the evening . now I want to hear about condition in the West . the romance of the West hold a tremendous power over I . mother be actually a pioneer woman , can you believe it ? when she call , I will introduce you and she will be so thrilled . ext . tenement neighborhood - day ratso sit a a stoop while Joe hail a cab . int . towny' bathroom - night towny 's voice be only a shrill monotone from here , Joe search with increase desperation for something of value . a old electric razor be too bulky for Joe 's pocket , probably worthless anyhow . towny 's array of medicine merely recall Joe 's purpose . towny' voice mama , a coincidence . guess who be be discuss . discuss . not disgust . discuss ! do you have that thing turn up ? why be not you wear it ! this be impossible ! ext . greyhound bus terminal - day Joe lift ratso from the taxi and carry he inside . joe' voice listen , towny , do I mention I get a sick kid ? int . towny' bathroom - night Joe be rehearse the speech in the bathroom mirror . joe well , he be , he 's sicker and shee - it . and I have gotta get he South quick as I can ... int . greyhound bus terminal - day Joe stand in a long line , glance impatiently at the clock while ratso wait on a bench , wrap in he blanket . int . towny' bedroom - sitting room - night towny be stretch out on the couch , stare morosely . towny I be so childish with she . Joe move into frame past camera , stand in front of he , so that we can see the scene from behind Joe 's waist . joe what d' you want ? towny what ? joe what you get I up here for ? towny oh , difficult , it 's so difficult . you be a nice person , Joe -- I should never have ask you up -- a lovely person . oh , how I loathe life . I loathe it . please go . please . joe you want I to leave ? towny no , yes . no , I mean yes please go . help I to be good . come back tomorrow . promise . joe I be go to Florida . towny this be terrible . I meet someone who -- then -- wait , I want to give you a present . for you trip . you will let I please ... int . greyhound bus terminal - day Joe 's face be expectant , next in line at the ticket window . he nod reassuringly toward ratso . int . towny' bedroom - sitting room - night Joe 's face be puzzle then angry as towny take a Saint Christopher medal from he sack and hand it to Joe . his eye be look past Joe , he speech out of sync . towny please take it . you do not have to be Catholic . Saint Christopher be the patron saint of all traveler . I want you to have it . for help I be good . int . greyhound bus terminal - day it 's Joe 's turn . the clerk look at he expectantly . int . towny' bedroom - sitting room - night Joe 's voice be angry . joe listen , I gotta have money . towny oh. yes . of course . I should have think . you should not have to ask . that be thoughtless of I . yes . wait here ... towny hurry across the room to the bedside table . beside the telephone be a picture of a prosperous pioneer woman wear a hearing - aid . towny try to conceal he movement as he take a wallet from the drawer , lift out a bill and tuck the wallet back and turn -- terrify to see Joe close behind he -- almost knock the lamp off the table in he fright . press against the table , protect but call attention to he wallet , towny hold out the bill . towny ( cont 'd ) here . do not even thank I . joe ( take the bill ) I gotta have more and ten . I gotta have fifty - seven dollar . towny I simply do not have it , Joe . joe get outta my way . towny you be waste you time . there 's nothing in there . towny clutches the table , stare at Joe , shaking he head like a bad little boy . Joe backhand he angrily . try to duck the blow , towny stumble and slip to the floor , but grab the table in he arm , watch Joe out of the corner of he eye , whimper . Joe grab he hair , turn he face up . joe let go . let go of the table . Joe slap he , but towny cling more fiercely to the table as Joe try to jerk it free . Joe strike he with he fist . towny I deserve that , I know I do . but he clutches the table wildly . his mother 's picture fall unnotice . Joe stand in panic , sicken , unable to fulfill the role towny have assign he . towny ( cont 'd ) I bring this on myself . I be bleed , my nose be bleed , be not it ? towny 's eye shine , tooth clench in a crazy smile , blood trickle from he nose . suddenly Joe jerk the lamp free of its socket . joe you wanna gimme fifty - seven dollar or you wanna bust skull ? towny simply stare at the lamp . joe ( cont 'd ) please let go of that table . Joe threaten , swing the lamp down , but stop short of hit towny . towny shriek -- eye roll back as he fall limp -- loose he grip on the table , lean on the bed , laugh and cry hysterically . Joe have to step over he to reach the wallet in the drawer . he take all the money -- probably twice what he need -- desperate to get out of the room . int . greyhound bus terminal - day Joe carry ratso up the step onto the bus . int . towny' bedroom - sitting room - night towny 's shrill little whisper say ... towny thank you , Joe . ... provoking Joe to glance back . towny be reach for the telephone , he eye on Joe with wild brightness , hold he hand on the receiver . Joe knock the phone from he hand , hit towny in the mouth , jerk the cord from the wall as towny fall -- gag -- finally dislodge he denture on the carpet . Joe stand sick and confuse , hold the useless phone in two hand ... ext . greyhound bus terminal - day the bus driver revs the powerful engine , shifting gear . int . towny' bedroom - sitting room - night ... Joe be about to hang the dead receiver on its hook when on sudden impulse -- he shove the small end of the receiver into the toothless mouth of the man on the floor . ext . lincoln tunnel - day the bus roar into the tunnel . int . greyhound bus - day Joe and ratso sit near the rear of the bus . ratso 's tooth chatter , wrap in the blanket . ratso thirty - one hour . they ride a few moment in silence . ratso ( cont 'd ) the trip be . nine -thirty in the morning we get there . not this morning but the next one at nine thirty . both nod for a moment in silence . joe this guy be good driver . ratso they gotta be . joe yeah . ext . highway - day the bus tire sing as it speed South . int . greyhound bus - day Joe and ratso have reverse place , put ratso by the window . Joe watch a middle - age couple try on they new straw hat , unaware that Joe be watch they . ratso you get you first palm tree in South Carolina . joe how and hell a dumb bronx kid like you know that ? ratso I read it . joe Shee - it . you believe all you read ? ext . bridge - night the metal grate ring as the bus soar onto it . int . greyhound bus - night two aging young lady in brand - new resort wear be casually examine Joe , along with the other man on the bus , but Joe be frown at ratso , who shiver despite the bright sun . joe if you have to shiver , why do not you pull the blanket up more ? ratso I be think . I hope we be not gonna have a lotta trouble about my name down there . because like what 's the whole point of this trip anyway ? joe keep the goddam blanket on . ratso I mean New York 's one thing , but can you see this guy , imagine it , run around the goddam beach all suntan and he 's go in swim , like , and then somebody yell ' hey , ratso ' -- how do that sound to you ? joe sound like they know you . ratso sound like crap , admit it . and I be not gonna have it . I be Rico all the time , okay , do you blame I ? that 's agree , okay ? we be gonna tell all this new people my name 's Rico ? Joe nod . ratso close he eye , momentarily at peace . ext . highway - dawn the bus pass a Florida hotel sign too swiftly to read it . int . greyhound bus - dawn Joe frown in he sleep , awaken , lift he stetson to see ratso wide awake , in misery , wiping tear from he eye . joe hey -- whatsa matter ? ratso ( barely audible ) I be wet . joe you be what ? ratso I wet my pants ! my seat 's all wet . joe Hell , do not cry about it ! ratso here I be go to Florida and my leg hurt , my butt hurt , my chest hurt , my face hurt , and like that be not enough , I gotta pee all over myself . Joe laugh suddenly , uncontrollably . ratso ( cont 'd ) I be fall apart , that 's funny ? joe ( nod , laugh ) you just -- just -- what happen , you just have a little rest stop be not on the schedule . ratso begin to laugh with Joe as if it be the funniest thing they would ever hear . then ratso 's face pale as he start to choke and cough . Joe pat he on the back . joe ( cont 'd ) hey , what size pants you wear ? ext . SMALL town STREET - day the bus be park in the distance . Joe come from a clothing store , bare -headed , wear plain slack and sport-shirt . he carry the boot , stetson and cowboy suit in one hand , a bundle under he arm . he dump he cowboy regalia in the trash bin of a sandwich stand and call to the waitress . joe couple cruller and coffee to go . the waitress draw coffee , wrap cruller . waitress where you from ? joe New York . Joe pay . she smile , give he change . Joe smile , start on toward the bus , hardly aware that he have accomplish something rare and remarkable for Joe -- a simple human contact without fear or threat , a pleasant everyday happen . int . greyhound bus - day Joe and ratso have move to the seat farthest back , wider than the other . Joe block the view of the other passenger as he help ratso into a new pair of corduroy pants and a Florida shirt . in the middle of the operation , ratso doze off . Joe shake he head , scowling , annoyed , but continue , lift ratso enough to slide the pants around he waist . ratso awaken as Joe zip the fly . ratso hey , what the hell you do ? joe I be zipping you fly , what the hell you think I be do ? they both smile . it be not funny enough to laugh at . Joe arrange the blanket , take out a package of cigarettes , glance at ratso and put it away . ext . traveling shot with bus - day Palm tree be streaking past the window . the sun be glaring hot . a group of kid in bare foot and straw hat wave to the bus as it pass . int . greyhound bus - day ratso 's eye squint in a daze half - sleep . Joe lean across to pull down the shade . he hesitates a moment , watch ... ... past he reflection , a group of young man on they way to work , carry lunch pail , dress exactly as Joe be now dress ... ... then Joe lower the blind and seat himself . ratso nod slightly , he voice practically inaudible . ratso thanks , Joe . joe Shee - it , you know , I get this thing all figure out , ratso . I mean Rico . when we get to Miami , what I will do , I will go to work . I gotta do that , ' cause see , I be not no kind of a hustler . I be not even any goddam good as a bum . I be a nothing , that 's what I be . so reckon I would better go to work and get I a goddam job . okay ? Joe glance at ratso , but there be no response . surreptitiously , Joe take out a cigarette , turn he face away from ratso and light it , hide it cup in he hand as he smoke . joe ( cont 'd ) yeah , guess that 's what I be gonna do . they ride for a moment in semi-darkness , Joe smoking , look at the other people on the bus , brighter without the shade down . Joe turn , check the blanket around ratso , notice that ratso be sit in a peculiarly stiff , awkward position . Joe lean over to straighten ratso 's head , block we view for a moment . then Joe lean back , frown , thoughtful . we still do not see ratso 's face . Joe rise slowly , start forward in the bus ... ... pass a older couple , a schoolgirl , two lady with straw hat , a young man try to read , pause when he reach ... ... the driver , stare out at the Sunshine Parkway with the Driver , lean over so he will not have to speak too loudly . driver yes , sir ? joe , my friend 's dead in the back seat . driver you friend 's what in the back seat ? joe Dead . Dead as a doornail . driver be this some kind of ... he glance at Joe , then pull off the road and stand up . driver ( cont 'd ) okay , folk , everything 's fine . nothing to worry about . the passenger crane they neck as Joe follow the Driver to the rear of the bus . the passenger at the rear be stare ahead , try not to see what be go on . the Driver touch ratso , straighten , touch he hat , but do not remove it . driver ( cont 'd ) be he kin to you ? Joe nod no . driver ( cont 'd ) do not you want to close he eye ? joe Close they ? driver just reach over and close they . that 's all . Joe close ratso 's eye . driver ( cont 'd ) I guess we will just drive on , right ? nothing else to do . joe no , sir . not till Miami . I will see to bury then . the Driver move to the front and turn to the passenger . driver just a little sickness , folk , nothing serious . we will be in Miami ... ( look at watch ) ... in forty minute . int . greyhound bus - day Joe sit stiffly , very frighten , as the bus start on . then he glance at ratso , frown , reach out a arm and put it around ratso , settling back , stare straight ahead . the end