midnight express screenplay by Oliver Stone base on the Autobiography by billy haye with William hoffer revise draft June , 1977 prologue black screen - superimpose : the following be base on a true story . it october 6 , 1970 istanbul , turkey - SOUND under , sharp : crackle - rip - snip ... fade in : a set of clothes on a HOTEL room bed -- trenchcoat , bulky white turtle - neck sweater , T-shirt , jeans , western style boot . sound continue , accentuate . move across open TRAVEL bag on the bed . clothes , possession . continue across furniture , washbasin , toilet ... a large room , high old ceiling and window suggest ancient Europe &amp ; design , a haunt greenish afternoon light . we move to hand , tight - draw out a strip of adhesive tape , scissor move in tight ... snip ! underarm , tight . tape be laid over it . back of shoulder . tight . tape go on . bellybutton , tight . tape go then : a harsh rip ! SOUND and the tape come off the bellybutton . hand with new strip of tape . move to : hashish plaque . four of they , thinly press . one on top of the other . the hand wrapping a portion of the tape around they and : belly , tight . sound of breathing stop . the belly be suck in . the tape be pull hard across , then clinched . we hear f.x. of heart beat -- move up the chest to : billy haye - 21 , baby - face , attractive , medium build a aura of innocence . his eye move off he belly to : mirror . full shot . climax . a creature in a bondage of he own devise , he be naked in he underpant , he body criss -cross by a network of tape and 40 tightly press plaque of hashish in every conceivable crevice of he body . the eye be hard . nix through heart beat , sound of airport . CUT : interior istanbul AIR terminal dirty , crowded , wooden bench , peddler . turkish flight instruction on loudspeaker , follow by mediocre English translation . note : all dialogue in turkish to follow will be marked off by parenthesis . a certain will be subtitled , but some not . loudspeaker voice Pan american Flight 1 to Frankfurt , London , and New York have arrive and will be ready for board at Gate 7 in 20 minute . repeat in english over : bill walk down a long corridor . he move somewhat stuffly in the clothes we see laid out on the bed ; he face complicated by dark , rather ridiculous aviator sunglass and a increase edge of nervousness to he action . with he be : susan 23 , healthy outdoor look , dress casually colorful like a american student abroad . approaching p.o.v. - a group of turkish security guard , in rumple green uniform , at a security checkpoint inspect the carry - on bag of several passengers . billy tensely contemplate the guard as he walk . susan digging in she bag for she passport as she walk . billy , look from guard ahead to susan . he suddenly break stride , still a fair distance from the checkpoint . susan glance at he . he be hold he belly . billy I think I have be poison . susan and you eat two baclavas , right ? I not to touch they , mine be awful . billy ( he voice strain ) look , I think I be go to have to go to the john again . you go on through , I will catch up . with a sense of panic , he turn and go back down the corridor without wait for a response . susan concerned , move on . CUT : billy in the washroom mirror , again check himself out . his glass be off , and he have just water himself down . but the SOUND of he heartbeat be up , and he nerve be visible in he eyeball and he know it . he dab at the sweat on he sideburn . he close he eye , take a deep breath . a pause . he put he dark sunglass back on . turn away from the mirror . no go back now . advancing p.o.v . - security checkpoint . the guard again . closer , closer , gun in they holsters . SOUND of billy 's heartbeat , close - guard smoking a cigarette , bored , uniform , look at billy . CUT : the guard again . SOUND of billy 's in a tatter olive guard passport ! billy passport . the Guard 's tobacco-stained finger take it open it . Basic information on billy : birth date April 17 , 1949 . birth place : Babylon , Long Island . no wife , no minor . signature . guard give it back to billy . guard bag ! billy open he shoulder bag , proffer it . the guard toss it , push aside book , grab a white plastic dish . guard nebu ? billy ( understand the turkish expression , " what 's this ? " ) it 's a frisbee . guard nebu ? billy a frisbee . ( make a throw gesture of the wrist ) you throw , catch it . game ! curious , one of the other guard amble over look at the frisbee . billy tighten . cursing the frisbee . sweat now run he sideburn again . heartbeat up . 2 nd guard american game . Baseball . guard ah ! ( puzzle , turn the frisbee around and around ) the second guard study billy curious about the sweat . suddenly reach up , indicate the eye . guard take off the glass . billy understanding the gesture rather than the word , remove he glass . his eye . straight , stare at the guard without try to look away . a long moment . first guard stuff the frisbee back into the bag . scowl . take a puff on he cigarette , cough . phlegm rattles around in he throat . read the International Herald tribune , seat on a crowded olive - color out on the tarmac she have save he a seat and pull she bag off as billy sit down . first guard aaaah ! he wave billy through . billy put he glass walk past the back the second guard turn away . billy walk past the checkpoint . his heartbeat drop . susan read the International Herald tribune , seat on a crowded olive - color bus out on the tarmac . she have save he a seat and pull she bag off as billy sit down . susan be you all right ? he look at she . relief . a smile , awkward - he wish he could tell she . billy yeah ... yeah . lay he head back on the wooden bench . reaches out : take her hand in he . she return the grip . the bus door slam shut . the turkish bus driver roll the bus out towards the plane visible in the far distance ?. susan , feel billy be better , show he the Herald tribune . susan ( sadden ) D ' you see this ? Janis joplin die yesterday . billy , he sunglass remove , look at the paper , almost abstractedly . susan ( off ) overdose , in a Hollywood motel . newspaper picture of janis joplin . that big , earthy , rugge smile . billy p.o.v . - move up page one to the headline : nixon out -raged at palestinian hijacker : call for capital punishment susan ( a faint voice ) never be anybody like Janis . billy , think other happier thing , reach over and playful !.: squeeze she tit twice , rapidly . billy ( smile ) never be anybody like you ... susan ( annoyed , brushes he hand away , a click sound in she throat ) you can not take anything seriously . billy ( smile ) you be right . Bus stop suddenly . billy change expression . through front windshield we see turkish soldier in several halftracks draw up in a semicircle block the bus . the Pan american plane be directly behind . also jeep and a policeman wave the bus down . bus boor open and the turkish Police officer hop aboard briskly : officer attention please , lady and gentlemen . for you own safety we be conduct a security check before you board you airplane , kindly file out the back . woman and child in one line . Men in another . passengers . a confuse hum . various passengers what 's he say ? I do not know ... marian . hey marian , what the hell ... the turkish -speak passengers be gather together they item and beginning to exit as : police officer repeat , in english police officer idem . close billy . the police officer be only beginning the speech . in English but already billy realize , and it 's panic . Silent panic . that horrendous cold feel all over he back : oh God what have I do , what can I do now ? he freeze . move to susan rise , fetching she thing , irritate . susan Jesus , they do everything ass backwards in Turkey . behind she we see the other american passengers beginning to disembark with the usual chorus of overlap conversation , expletive , include : passengers they be check for hijacker . any Palestinians aboard ? hey Harry , get rid of you grenade ... laughter be return from several of the american contingent , but we move back to billy in foreground ; all of a sudden he be on he knee try to crawl under the seat . susan ( off ) billy , what 's the matter ? billy my passport ! susan no ! she bend down to look , come face to face with he . he grip she arm . billy ( low voice ) Susan - forget it . go get we a seat on the plane . now . susan ( pick up the real fear in he voice ) what be it ? . . . billy ? billy ( a fierce whisper , panic ) for Christ 's sake , just get on the plane , okay ! his tone stun she ; never before have he speak to she like that . a look between they ; he have he glass off now . she 's not a stupid girl by any mean and realize something be very wrong and for the both of they , she would best do exactly as he say . and fast . she move out of shot . billy , crouch low in the aisle start to work fast , he finger : shaking reach into he sweater start to work the tape loose from around he chest ; look from under the bench . still quite a bit of commotion as passenger be exite . but then : billy p.o.v . - uniformed legs come slowly down Isle towards he . the muzzle of a m-l rifle tapping loosely against the side of the kneecap . pan with and move up as turkish military lieutenant come into view , intersect outgo passengers , eye casually come to rest on : billy look up from he kneel position on floor ; he sweater roll back down ; he indicate the passport in he hand . " just find it " expression . move to the lieutenant not necessarily suspect anything , but with a customary insolence reserve for young vagrant - type , he stretch he rifle arm length with one hand and gently prod billy up with the tip of the muzzle place under he chin . move back to the officer , bring the rifle back to he side , indicate billy get off the bus with the other . all in silence . CUT : billy among a group of male passengers funnell into two line that pass on either side of a wooden inspection table . thirty turkish soldier with rifle ring the area . it be open , vast , no place to run or hide . the only apparent hope be to melt into they regular jostling pattern of the passenger impatiently wait . two plainclothesmen ( Police ) be on each side of the table , body - search the male passenger alternately . susan be in a similar set - up twenty yard away , with female attendant do the search . she glance at billy as she undergoe search . she be clear , pass on , towards the ramp of the plane . billy , he sunglass off , smoothly melt among the male passengers pull some book from he shoulder bag . glide to the head of the line . move to : the first officer patting down a passenger , he back partially turn to billy . move around bring he into foreground as : billy skirt he in the background , camouflage among two other converse passengers wait for the second officer who now appear in foreground on the lateral track ; he be busy with another passenger . in pass he , billy replace the book in he shoulder bag as though he have already be searched by the first officer , tension . follow billy as he approach the board ramp . billy p.o.v . - susan at the top of the ramp wait . smiling stewardess . Pan America . Haven . billy - foot rise off turkish soil onto ramp . turkish hand lightly touch billy 's elbow , then grasp the arm . turk ( off ) just a minute ! billy he eye flatten . susan in long shot , reacting . billy turn try to seem casual ; he confront the second officer face to face and gesture towards the : first officer who happen to glance at they . second nebu ? do you search he ? first officer ( frown ) no ! second officer tighten he grip on billy , angry , and pull he back to the table . move with they . the officer have be lie to ; in addition he be young , inexperienced , about eighteen . second officer ( grunt a command , make a gesture ) billy , comprehend , spread he arm . the officer pat he down carefully , brush against he armpit . precisely in the area where we see the hashish . but incredibly he do not notice , continue to work he way down the hip and leg . close billy eye on the sky behind the officer , praying silently for a break . turkish finger move up the inside of he leg , onto he belly , touch the hard bulge below the navel . but again not notice . billy in limbo , SOUND of he heartbeat . second officer pause , he finger around billy 's chest , about to let it go , then : place he hand suddenly flat on billy 's heart . officer , sense the accelerate heartbeat , stare at : billy whose eye jump , startle by this technique . finger like excited spider quickly run back up into the armpit area . stop - right on the packet . turkish eye swivel to billy eye close . frozen moment . then , sudden blur of movement at the edge of frame . second officer jump back , grab he pistol from he holster , crouching on one knee , aim the gun barrel at billy , hand shaking . he be terrify . second officer ( scream ) bomb ! he 's get a bomb ! american passengers scream and the deck all around . american passenger bomb ! bomb ! billy stand there , arm straight up in the air , eye clamp shut , try not to breathe . chorus of rifle and revolver click off as : pull back to overhead shot billy surround by thirty soldier with rifle point at he from all direction , crouch nervously . the passengers all huddle on the ground . billy , eye close . Edge of frame show a shaky muzzle a revolver poke into he belly , move up . move to the first officer , older , more experience but scared , poke with the revolver ; reach in with he hand cautiously , start to pull up the turtleneck sweater . move with the hand , revealing the hashish plaque around the navel . a pause . his hand draw the sweater higher . more plaque . first officer's face relax . start to smile , find it funny . first officer ( yell out ) it 's hashish . just a smuggler . soldier ( off ) ( in chorus echo , relax , chuckle ) hashish ...smuggler...hippy ... master angle soldier regrouping . passengers start to rise from the ground . susan dumbfounded watch all this from the door of the plane , start back down the ramp . but a flow of upcoming passengers slow she descent . billy be lead roughly by two soldier parallel to the plane he hand on he head . he manage a glance at Susan . a slight but strong movement of the head and eye . ' no . do not come down the stair ' susan understand it , look helplessly , hesitates lose between two world . a silent shaping of a puzzle mouth . susan ... billy ...? she be wash back along in the flow of passenger . CUT : VIP room airport lounge . the scene move very fast , indicating a sense of chaos . much smoke . many phone call . half a dozen turkish police officer be bizarrely seat in a row of fold up chair next to a desk . chatter among themselves ( ad lib ) lighting they turkish cigarettes . they hardly pay attention as : move to billy , scared , sweat - backlit by the huge window overlook the airstrip . in background , we see the 707 Pan american plane beginning to circle towards the runway . guard have stripped he down to he bare chest and now knife through the adhesive tape from two side at once . then rip the tape off . billy wince . another angle the room . billy 's luggage be be toss . clothes fly through the air . a sweatshirt ; marquette University rowing team . a 35 mm camera . a gift package for he mother rip open . a silver turkish kettle , clanging to the floor . another package be rip open and a set of turkish tea cup smash and break all over the floor . very fast . billy watch , bewilder . he be stripped of the last plaque in of the confusion be that each time another police officer he navel . follow the plaque clatter onto the pile of forty plaque . firstofficer ( off ) name ? billy ( off ) William haye . move back quickly to the officer with notebook at the desk . part of the confusion be that each time we see another police officer we see he have another face . first officer vi ... vilyum ... vilyum ... billy ( off ) haye . first officer hi-yes ... ( write it down ) another angle -- first officer ' merican ? billy ( nod ) New York . the officer be puzzle . billy New York ... New York ... first officer ahhhh ... nev yok ! ( write it down ) a loud SOUND off . the door fly open and another officer stride in . paunchy , moustach . the room be suddenly silent as we track he in , follow by a grin civilian flunky with a big portable photo instrument and bulb . the first officer jump up from the desk , make a obsequious salute to the second officer who arrogantly acknowledge it and take the vacate chair behind the desk . the first officer move to the first fold - up chair in the row , push the police officer in that chair further down . this officer , in turn , shove the next man down . it go all the way down the line like a comedy until the last man in the row stand up against the wall . but this be all in the background as : second officer name ? billy William haye . second officer vil ... vilyum ...? billy haye ... sharp SOUND off of film be ripped from camera . he dart a look at policeman stretch the undevelop film out . another loud SOUND off , interrupt this -- the door fly open again and a third officer stride in , obviously the most important yet , because the second officer jump up from the desk , and all the other immediately move down one seat in the hierarchy without a moment 's hesitation . but the third officer stride right up to billy , wave to the second officer . the cameraman in background bubbles with enthusiasm , slide into position . billy be puzzle - what 's go on ? his arm be grab and he be swivel around . reverse angle - over cameraman billy in the middle , flanke by second and third officer , grin like big game hunter , they arm on he shoulder . the first officer , stick a bunch of hashish plaque into billy 's hand , run out of frame . billy look from side to side . the second officer pat he hard on the back of the head , meaning ' look at camera ' . billy glance at he , see the grin on both the officer ' face . think this be the necessary expression , he grin at the camera . cameraman disgustedly look up from he eyepiece . cameraman no .. he 's smile . make he look miserable . second officer slug billy in the stomach with a quick back -hande fist . billy groan , sink to he knee . the plaque fall on the floor . first officer ( run up ) gel? gel ?? he growl , grab billy 's arm and haul he up , gather the hashish plaque and put they back in he arm . the two officer put they arm back on billy 's shoulder . billy , in pain , make the proper expression of misery . flash ! the bulb go . CUT : the 707 pan american plane , destination New York , roar up into the sky . pull back all the way to billy sit next to the window , huddle over , feel woozy and near vomit . he glimpsis the plane but it be anti-climatic now ; as he stare down at he boot . then remember something ! surprise . another angle - room . the turkish officer talk ad lib among themselves , congratulate , slapping shoulder , point to the hashish plaque , etc . in center background , we see billy submissively lift he arm for permission to speak , third officer nod , approach , follow by other . billy slowly , partly out of pain , pull off one of he boot , bang it on the heel and two more plaque clatter to the floor . turkish mouth drop open . billy finish the process with the other boot . a awkward silence off . billy ( try to explain , innocent ) I forget ... I really do . ( make ineffective gesture ) another angle . the room explode with scream and commotion . ad lib : third officer ( scream at second officer ) you idiot , you fool . you tell I the american be searched ... and he 's pull hashish out of he boot ! you be all dogshit ! second officer ( turn on first Officer , scream ) you worthless piece of garbage , where do you learn to search a prisoner ? he 's be in we custody for a hour , etc . first officer ( scream at the other ) who searched he ? who ? amid all the scream two policemen rush over and yank billy upwards , and start to strip all he clothes . billy ( protest ) that 's it ! that 's all I have ! CUT : billy spread - eagle stark naked against the wall . he be afraid to move . a strange silence . another angle . billy naked in center b.g. against the wall . the officer and soldier quietly leer at he trim , muscular buttock . hungry stare . bisexuality be prevalent in Turkey . but there be also embarrassment among the officer ; none would do anything openly in front of the other ; instead they just stare and smoke they cigarettes . low murmur . continue telephone call . much thick smoke all over the room . another door open off . obsequious greeting in turkish . billy be afraid to look over he shoulder , feel enormously humiliate . voice ( off ) howdy , billy . howya do , ok ? a perfect Texas drawl . billy glance over he shoulder . see : tex a tall , lanky blonde-haire american in a business suit with boot . clean cut , very handsome , with a strong flavour of danger in he blue eye . tex ( smile , extend billy 's clothes ) I think this gentleman have finish for the time be if you would like to put you clothes on . another angle - billy , so grateful at last to see a fellow american , reach quietly for the clothes , he eye never leave tex. release ? CUT : turkish detective sit at the main desk in the room . unlike the other , he have no moustache ; a skeletal face , intelligent look . tex be behind , lean casually up against the wall . angle to billy 's side be the entire array of seat officer look on like a tribunal . detective ( thickly accented English , sympathetic ) be you afraid , vilyum ? billy , stand to the side of the desk , clothed now , buckle he belt - afraid . billy no , I be not afraid . detective good . there 's nothing to be afraid of . if you co-operate with we , you will be on the plane for New York tomorrow ... yes ? billy ( softly , hope ) yes ...? detective good . now , where do you get the hashish ? billy a cabdriver . he pick I up in the pudd shoppe in the bazaar . detective would you recognize he again ? billy yes . I think so . detective good . would you go back to the pudd shoppe now and point he out to my man if you see he ? billy eye move to : tex who make a cool affirmative nod of the eye to billy . billy ( off ) yes . street , istanbul , afternoon . tex drive he american car ; billy in the passenger seat ; two turkish plainclothesmen in the rear seat . various background shot of the city . tex ( casual tone ) you decide to fly at a bad time billy palestinian guerrilla all over the place blow up plane and all . billy ( shake he head ) stupid . tex four plane in four day ... but I guess you kid do not read the newspaper ... and what with we people kick up a shit storm ' bout the flow of heroin from Turkey you get ... billy but do not have heroin . turk ( grin ) well I be not up on all that . a drug 's a drug seem to I billy and ... billy ( sweat ) but it be my first time . I be not really a smuggler , be just two kilo . tex well , you see billy , it do not really matter right now if it 's 2 kilo or 200 kilo . the Turks love to catch any foreigner smuggle - it show the world they be fight the drug trade . billy but just ... tex just what ? billy I just need some extra money . I be break , the guy offer I the hash and ... it sound bad . tex look at he without expression . pause . billy try to sense a sympathy in this ambiguous man , a like towards himself . but feel nothing yet , except someone who can speak English . billy ... be you with the Consulate ? tex ( not look at he ) something like that . cigarette ? another angle - billy nervously take the pack and match . tex how much you pay this joker ... this cab driver ? billy two hundred dollar . it be my last two hundred . tex how much do you figure to make ? billy fumble to light up he cigarette . he be nervous , grateful to volunteer any information ... anything . billy Three , four thousand ... I do not know . the guy offer I the hash -- ( shake he head ) ... it just seem like easy money . tex beat work . billy I be just go to sell it to friend . I be not a pusher , honest . tex grin , sceptical of he naivete , change the subject . tex get a family back there ? billy ( inhale deeply ) yeah . Parents , brother , sister . Babylon , Long Island . tex what 's you father do ? billy he sell insurance for Metropolitan life . tex ( a pause , not look at billy ) be tough on them . billy nod , take a deep drag on he cigarette . another angle tex girlfriend ? billy ... she be on the plane . tex glance at he , questioningly . billy she do not know anything about ... I would not have want she to . tex lucky girl . billy lean back in seat , blow out the cigarette smoke . billy jeez , she use to say I be the lucky one . tex let 's hope so , billy . let 's sure hope so . a narrow cobblestone STREET . tex pull the car to a halt . CUT : the pudding shoppe twilight internationally - know cafe , adjacent bazaar . crowd , noisy . women dress in black hold cry child by the hand . foreigners , mostly student and hippie , move about laugh , joke . hawkers , street peddler , vendor cooking shishkebab . small gypsy boy lead a huge muzile bear on a leash . billy sit at a small outdoor table alone sip tea and eat baclava - nervous , very nervous , still try to sort it all out in he head . if he do not find the seller , what will happen next ? move across the table , past a middle - age american couple , to two turkish plainclothesmen watch he closely . they look evident . two hippies make a wide berth around they . hippies ( off ) ( in pass , low ) hey Janet , why do not you go sell them some dope . move on to another table where two more plainclothesmen sit , equally evident , watch billy . tex sit in he car , in the distance , casually glance at a newspaper . billy 's eye rove . interior pudding shoppe large . many table . stair . a back exit . another gypsy boy lead a huge pink pig leash with a wooden sign around its neck proclaim " pig " in turkish . various turk point the pig out , laugh at it , some disgust by it , make face and gesture : " go way , go way ! " ayip ! " the pig move past billy , who shift he gaze to : Pov - cabdriver # 1 linger at the curb . pan to cabdriver # 2 pan to cabdriver # 3 . pan back to # 1 and again to # 2 indicate no real fix on identity . billy tense now , know this be the chance he must take , nod with he head , point at cabdriver # 2 , off . the plainclothesmen move out towards cabdriver # 2 . billy tentatively rise , as if to join they , but move slyly towards the interior of the cafe . plainclothesmen move in roughly on a surprised cabdriver # 2 who begin to protest loudly ( ad lib ) . billy move through the interior of the pudding shoppe , past the table , past the stair , towards the back of the shop , at a normal.to attract attention . a plainclothesman look around , see he be go . tell the other ( ad lib ) they spread out look , abandon the cabdriver # 2 who spit and curse they ( ad lib ) . billy , with one backward glance , now ease out the back door , into a bilious sunlight , onto a STREET . pause . a hand with gun move into frame point a six - inch barrel right at he temple . billy freeze , move just he eye to : tex look down at he calm , merciless . tex you seem like a nice enough kid to I billy , but try it and I will blow you fuck brain out . billy - the sense of betrayal in he eye . establish prison - overhead angle . a large and byzantine structure suggest the 15th century sultan 's janissary barrack . irregular crescent various wing ; a mosque inside the prison . the possibly a shape to the sense of a endless a decorative a equally in a city , labyrinth build by some mad arab architect to suit purpose and now , in the 20th century , transformed by mad turkish bureaucracy into a prison . it should be preferably make to look like Istanbul . faint background atonal turkish chanting . even Muslim prayer . " Allah wakbah , Allah wakbah ... " on and on , suggest to we fear rather than praise . billy voice dear Mom and dad . this be the hardest letter I have ever have to write . know the confusion and the pain it will cause you . and the disappointment ... billy - he scalp be shave off by a prison barber in a un-specify anti - chamber , his eye be stare dead ahead . billy voice ( continuous ) I really think know what I be do with my life . I would hope somehow to get out of this quickly so that you would never know about it . but that just be not possible now . I do not know what 's go to happen . but what can I say to you ? will ' I be sorry ' make a difference ? will it ease the pain , the shame you must be feel ? forgive I ... please ... billy be now completely bald , SOUND sharp over : CUT : a cell door sliding OPEN . billy step in , bewilder . ziat voice ( off ) git ! the cell be dark , almost black , a overpower stench ; a small grey metal bunk be bolt to the floor with a lumpy mattress . billy turn , look back at the man stare at he from the door . ziat be quickly summing up billy 's character . this be he craft . he be a prisoner and trustee . sinister man whose one motivation in life be the accumulation of money , in the pursuit of which he have acquire a ugly purplish scar run the width of he throat , various other facial scar ; and one blind milky white eye . he 's stocky and strong -- about five ten , with bushy eyebrow , brown cigarette tooth , big dirty nail , repulsively in need of a bath . what 's surprising be that he be no more than thirty year old look and behave like sixty . the personification of the denaturalization of a man . time , body , mind - all of they warpe . billy , not yet attune to he nature , only repulse , be still wear he own clothes and make a shiver gesture , enunciate very clearly , hope he will understand . billy cold . very cold . can I get blanket ? blanket ? ( make a gesture of a blanket wrap around he ) ziat smile , show he stain tooth , and start to slide shut the cell door on its roller . ziat ( in English ) Mo sell ... too late . tomorrow ... a cobra smile flash , as the cell door bang shut . ziat ( through the bar ) you be here tomorrow . " ayi gedjaler " ( " good night " ) go . billy walk around the cell , hugging himself for warmth . voice ( off ) pssst ! billy stop , go to the edge of the cell . a bony bare arm motion from the bar of the cell next to he . we never see the face but hear a thick italian accent , hoarse and crack . voice ( off ) ( whisper ) you cell , no key . open ...! blanket . Three cell down . you get I one . take ... extends a stick with a big nail pound into the end , twisted over to form a hook . billy take it . hesitates . voice ( off ) Ziat go for night . go ! billy cautiously slide the cell door open , amaze that it 's be leave open . nothing make any sense to he in this labyrinth another angle - billy step out into a walkway . a bare bulb overhead cast light . he glide past the three cell , seemingly empty . find the cell with blanket , sheet , towel and various supplies stack inside . but it 's lock . he slip the stick in between the bar and stretch , hook the first blanket . billy asleep with the blanket pull up to he chin . suddenly dirty hand reach into frame and rip the blanket off . widen to : ziat ( tug the sheet , growl ) brack !... brack ! then slap at billy . billy duck away . encourage , ziat step up closer to he , stick he finger in he chest scream . ziat you , goddamn you , give I sheet . give I ! and feint as if to hit billy again . billy react to defend himself , push ziat off and jump out of the bunk . ziat , enrage by the shove , come back at billy , scream , arm flail like a bear to pummel he , but billy , not understanding the turkish bluster in he mannerism , meet he with a sharp right fist into the front of he face . ziat stagger back , startle into silence ; he have misjudge this kid . billy wait , ready for the fight in the defensive position . the guy be bigger than himself . ziat , however , now feel the blood from he mouth and nose and freak out , run out of the cell scream at the top of he lung as if he 's die . CUT : billy be blindfolded , stumbling down stone step push by a guard , into a dungeon - like basement room . the punishment cell . CUT : the guard remove the blindfold . billy , adjust to the light , stare around . the cell be spartan , with a series of pulley and primitive bondage device hang from the cobwebbed ceiling . a door open and : hamidou step in , lowering he head to get through the door . Chief of the guard . a clean uniform . four stripe . the only guard to carry a holster gun . very frightening man . he be about six two , two forty , and muscular , and move lightly like a fighter on he foot . his skull be bullet - shape and completely shaven like billy 's , enhance this effect , he have no eyebrow , and he pale blue eye ( suggest a trace of indo-european stock in he ancestry ) be set deep in he skull somewhat like turtle eye , give nothing away . his nose be a beak of skin he neck broad , he mouth a small crescent that move as lightly as he foot between anger and amusement . he approach billy , look into he eye , draw out the moment for himself , enjoy the tension and the fear he instil in other . billy meet he eye respectfully , then realize this be perhaps not the thing do to , look away . but , fascinate by the man 's feature beyond he self - control , he look back . hamidou , amused by eye action , smile thinly . the sort of smile that could imply friendship such be its hint of charm . hamidou ( to one of the guard ) name ? guard ( check a clipboard ) vilyum hi-yes hamidou ( look at billy , repeat it ) vilyum hi-yes ... and slowly he hand move up to caress the edge of he hairless upper lip . a erotic gesture in Turkey . hamidou vilyum hi-yes " its in my memory lock . " he slowly extend he right arm stiff out to he side . billy watch , fascinate . hamidou let the arm linger ; then : smashes billy across the face with a open palm . billy shoot back : and smashes against the wall just from the force of one blow . stun . hamidou advance , take a wooden club ( faluka stick ) about foot three long and three inch wide from a guard . billy scared , emphasize the word , try to make himself understand . billy it be cold . cold ! I get blanket . blanket ! cold ! thwack ! billy leg buckle , where the faluka stick have just smashed he behind the kneecap . he scream go down . billy look up from the floor : hamidou with he club in hand . hamidou ( in some sort of English , smile ) no do . no do . raise the club . billy try to block it with he hand , and the club smashes he thumb . scream . sharp CUT : billy be hoist upside - down in he underpant only with thick rope tie about he ankle , the leg spread - onto a pulley suspend from the ceiling . he be yank upwards , then lower slightly , he head and back of shoulder bang against the stone floor . the pulley be locked into place . ( loud SOUND ) billy have this surprised look on he face still , through the tear . what 's happen ? hamidou motion the guard out of the room ( ad lib ) . turn back to billy , raise he club . bring it down force on the sole of billy bare feet . scream . he cock the club again . billy twist to avoid the blow club catch he on the anklebone billy scream louder than ever as we hear the SOUND of wood on bone . whimper sound follow . billy look through teary eye , sure now that he be go to be kill . the club - off - smack sole skin with the same force as the first blow . no let up . CUT : billy still in the same position , vomit all over himself . hamidou spin the pulley to a new position bring : billy into a steeper , more vertical position . he be on the verge of fainting , bleary - eye , look as : hamidou move around in between he leg . do something indistinct with the stick between he leg , then drop the stick . then , with this bizarrely excited expression on he hairless face , he begin to undo he own pants . but , for billy , it all blur out to : japanese silk screen depict a fat jovial Buddhist monk , fishing placidly by a stream . then move to soap carving of chess piece then a bed -sheet hang as a curtain with astrological symbol paint ; on it . SOUND off , of a blaring radio . atonal turkish music . voice ( close , intense ) hey man , he 's gotta walk , or he foot gonna swell up worse . 2 nd voice ( softer , sonorous , swedish accent ) we take he down to courtyard ... then : erich - a gentle long bird 's face . Long whitish - blond - hair , swedish , well above six foot , 25 . another face move into view jimmy bell , american , 23 fiery eye , black hair and moustache , intense , strong . bell smoke this rocket , it will cool the pain . another angle - bell put a huge cone - shape joint with aluminium foil filter into billy lip . he hardly know what it be , puff weakly . though dehydrated and he face white without color , he have no facial marking . bell you gotta walk around some man , or you foot gonna swell up something bad ... billy look down at he feet bloat black and blue with inflame red point in various spot . a vicious bruise on he anklebone . erich be run a cold rag from a basin of water over they , he finger tender . bell ( over ) you have be out for day man , talk all kind of shit . come on , we will walk you down to the courtyard . bell ease billy up from the bed , as erich put a pair of clip-clop on he foot . erich okay ? billy nod . they rise together , brace he shoulder . billy adjust to the sensation of stand . erich how 's it feel ? billy ( dizzy ) about as good as it look . bell getchmis olsun billy getchmis ...? bell olsun - " May it pass quickly . " I be Bell , Jimmy Bell . this be erich something swedish . erich ( smile ) just erich . billy I be billy haye ... at least I use to be . look around . a dormitory type room with 24 bunk bed set head to head in horizontal fashion , cramped and with minimal privacy . a narrow walkway lead towards a toilet area and staircase . billy look like a cheap hotel . bell yeah ... only the room service be lousy . come on , let I show you the tennis court . help he with erich to take the first step . the courtyard . the three of they emerge in a thin afternoon sun , billy now disengaging and hobbling on he own power . erich ( watch billy limp ) feeling all right ? billy ( still groggy ) yeah . that guy who beat I ? ( stop , slightly puzzle ) I feel stone . bell ( grin , interject ) ' figgers . billy ( vague , go on ) ... he have a bald skull and ... bell hamidou . Chief of the Guards . do not fuck with he . he almost kill a italian dude couple month ago . bad news . he try anything with you ? billy glance at he , understanding . pause . billy no ... I do not remember . glance at erich . bell with this fuck Turks , soon as the light go out ... I keep one hand on they foot and they foot better not grow . you will meet Max . he get rape something bad down in section 13 . that 's the pit . the courtyard various angle the yard be 30 by 50 pace with a wall 20 foot high . cigarette butt , orange peel crumpled news - papers , rock , stick , break glass litter the place . no guard be on the wall ; the only guard be unarm inanimate lump of boredom who look as helpless as the prisoner with whom they intermingle ; they have raggedy olive green uniform and wear boot ( they make $ 1 a month , augment by bribe ) . on one side of the yard be a 2 - story rogus ( cellblock ) with bar window from which billy and he two companion have just emerge . on the other side of the yard be another 2 - story kogus ( the child 's kogus ) . the courtyard be colorful , almost like a bazaar , about 8o people in it - group of exotically dress african , afghan , arab , malaysian , european , and predominantly turk pace back and forth talk in little circle , hawk ware , trading illegal currency . scream turkish STREET urchins 10 - 14 year old , share the space play soccer and volleyball with a surprising viciousness , continually hit each other and cursing . a bunch of they vehemently lay bet on the soccer game . other aspect of the prison which should become evident : 1 ) noise - continuous , loud . radios , turkish music , scream , shouting . 2 ) cat - all kind , some of they pet , some stray , tolerate because they kill the rat . 3 ) the prisoner all wear they own clothing ; the foreigner prefer jeans , clip-clop , sneaker , sweat suit . 4 ) the head of only the new prisoner be shave , then allow to grow back . 5 ) many prisoner have physical disability . carbuncle on the back from wet mattress . boil on the lymph gland around the neck , buttock , under -arm , sometimes so painful the victim walk with he arm up in the air . arthritic in the knee , hip , ankle . fungus on the foot . many limp . another angle - the prisoner glance at billy as he walk , note the beat he have take and size he up , then go on with they business . billy the kid ? why be they ... bell ( snort ) Little fucker be thief , rapist , pickpocket , murderer , you name it - they do it . do not trust any of them ... bell 's eye follow a knot of kide to : ziat have a window open on the first floor kogus and be sell little cup of tea to the kid from inside where he work a gas stove . the kid push and punch each other to get the tea faster . bell ( over ) ... they tell Ziat everything . he 's the squeal round here . go all over the prison . sell water - down tea , blanket , hash , black money , nembutol -- anything for a buck ... ziat leave the stove in the hand of a assistant and move down the window to a particularly gaudy afghani a fierce hawk - face old man with a chunk of he ear miss . he wear a colorful flow robe , various scarve , turban , trinket , ring , baggy pants , and point curve shoe , and make emphatic violent gesture at ziat with he mutilate three finger . ziat seem to speak something of he language and bargain back . bell ( continuous ) he be a informer on the outside but he try to screw the cop out of 60 kilo of opium . watch he , he 's a fox . billy say nothing to they about the Ziat incident , size he up for himself . the afghani have conclude the deal with ziat reach deep into he layer of clothing around he crotch and pull out several scrofulous $ 10 bill which discreetly take in exchange for a thick wad of turkish currency , he eye move around , stop on billy . a hood look . bell ( over ) whatcha ' in for , smuggle ? rash ? billy turn he eye away from ziat billy yeah . bell ( shaking he head ) History , man , history . how much ? billy two kilo . bell where ? billy the airport . try to get on the plane for the States . bell ( whistling a kind of punctuation ) could be ten or fifteen . maybe even twenty . billy ( tensing ) twenty month ? bell twenty fuck year , man - year ! I figger ten at the least . billy stunne . billy ( soft ) year ? bell yeah , what do you think this be , the good USA ? this be Turkey , man ... ( laugh bitterly ) ) it 's a fuck accident here if you be innocent . and anyway ... ... be not nobody who 's innocent . another angle - all the color and breath seem to have go from billy . erich ( he English be halting but have a calming effect ) do not pay too much attention , anything be possible in Turkey . you might get bail . bell snort , amused , kick the soccer ball away hard as it dribble towards they . erich ... if you make bail , you be free . you can get a fake passport or sneak across the border to Greece . the Greeks hate the Turks so much they never send you back . the Turks know it . they just keep the bail . money . bell sure , keep dream and see where that get you ... like Max , up in the head , you know ... ( make a crazy signal towards the head ) you gonna eat a lot more fasoulia bean , billy baby , ' fore you taste a hamburger ' gain cause you break the law man , and you get catch ... ( grin ) and that ... be history . erich the law be sometimes wrong . bell ( eye feverish ) the Law be never wrong , asshole . the Law be ! and stalk away , disgust . a deep anger inside he . erich look at billy who be quiet ; by way of apology . erich New people sometimes get on he nerve . billy ( lifeless ) what do he do ? eric he be catch steeling from a mosque . that 's heavy here . he get 30 year . billy thirty year ? erich Jimmy have more ball than brain . he do not tell he parent he be in jail for a year and a half . he say he get himself in and now he 's go to get himself out . he shake he head , look at : bell he across the courtyard huddle with a cigarette , barter angrily . a raggedy guard give he a cigarette , barter angrily . billy and erich . billy and you ? erich hashish . ninety percent of the foreigner be in for hashish . they walk . billy what they give you ? erich ( passive ) twelve year . billy stop . billy how much do you have ? erich a hundred gram . billy ( appal ) it 's not fair ! even erich have to smile now . erich there be no fair in Turkey , billy . it 's all " sula - bula " like this , like that . a italian hippie have a car accident and a Turk be kill . so , they throw he in here for six month ... billy that do not seem so bad . erich but he be eat lunch a mile away when the Turk smashed into kill himself . billy he be not even in the car ? erich ( shake he head ) aslan , there ... ( point ) aslan - a young big fat heavily moustach Turk , wear a black silk double - breast business suit , grotesque cuff - link , heavily pomade hair , be huddle in a section of the yard with five other grin gangster type , all in suit . erich ( over ) kill a guy . but he father 's a big gangster on the dock . a " kapidiye . " he will stay in ... twelve month no more , and get parole . in Turkey , murder be manly - " erkek " . erich glance back at billy erich you just get to get yourself a good lawyer . and some money ... talk to Max . he 's be in the longest . billy how long ? erich Seven year ... CUT : max - " eskilet " ( skeleton ) . british , tall , straggly long hair with wire spectacle set crookedly over he nose . a earing in one ear . the far away eye of a international junkie , preoccupy and uninterested in small talk . tough in he skinny way , like apiece of old dry leather . he occupy with he young stripe cat a bunk in the far corner of the second floor kogus - in the process of shoot himself up with " gastro " a smelly brown liquid stomach medicine . no one be in the vicinity except another angle erich and billy who watch repell as max fumble with a piece of twine tie around he arm in a tourniquet , search for a unused spot amid dirty infect track mark . plunge the needle in , pump in the black gunk . glance at billy . max ( smile ) gastro . stomach medicine . have codeine in it ... best can do pull out the needle , loosen the tourniquet . his eye take on a far away stare . erich lawyer ? max yeah ... there 's no straight lawyer in Turkey ... they be all bent bent as hairpin ... give a spoon with a taste of the black residue to : he cat who be full of spunk , and try to catch Max 's hand . he look at billy , not remember he . erich his name ? max who ? erich the lawyer ? max be beginning to go . he sit on he bunk . max what lawyer ? erich who get the frenchman out ? max oh yesil ... yesil 's he name but I ... do not know anything ... ' bout ... yesil ... another angle - max be head begin to bob back and forth . focus on billy . max best way be get you ass out ... any ... way ... you can ... billy what do you mean ? max get the ... midnight ... express . billy what 's that ? max smile from faraway like a cheshire cat and he head drop forward onto he knee , nodd off . CUT : hamidou , swinging he falaka stick rhythmically against he leg and that calm killer look on he face , lead a uneasy billy down a MAIN walkway with a roof overhead ; we gather that the prison contain several separate wing . administrative build - hamidou glance back at billy , indicate with he stick " come here " and open a office door . billy , still bewilder , he bruise foot almost back to normal , limp in warily eyeing hamidou who follow . necdit yesil , the lawyer , fleshy , grin , thin black hair heavily grease , sit at a conference table . stand adjacent be stanley davis , the U.S. consul - eyeglass , stripe tie , neat summer suit with stripe , trim hair , ivy league look , he eye move from billy to : older man , late 50 's white hair , blue -ey New York irishman . a suburban insurance agent , rumple suit , a anxious look on he face . move towards billy fast : father billy ! father and son embrace ; the father 's leave hand grab billy 's arm tightly as if never to let go . billy dad ! hamidou look on , intrigue by the Father and Son ; leave silently , close the door . father look into he son 's eye , he own eye moisten . he look tired , pain all over he face . billy look down . billy dad ... I be ... another angle father ( voice quivering ) ... do not worry about it . ( manage a smile ) I can punch you in the nose later . right now we have get to get you out of here . you all right ? billy ( eye moisten ) yeah . how 's Mom ? father bad . she could not make the trip . you know her boy ... ( break off ) Susan tell we before we get you letter . she 's fine ; she 's try to get the money to come back and see you , but ... billy no , do not let she ! I will ... how about peg? Robbie ? father same . none of the neighbor know . we tell they you be in a hospital in Europe . oh ... this be stanley Davis . he 's the american consul here ... and necdit yesil , the lawyer you want ... another angle davis ( shaking hand ) hello , billy . billy hello . the professional smile from the consul , but in the handshake and the eye contact , billy be cool . the unanswer question : where be you before my father arrive ? davis I want you to know we be go to do everything , in we power to get you out as soon as possible . believe I . billy thank you . another angle yesil move forward . unctuous . bubbling with high spirit , profusely shaking billy 's hand , exude confidence in fracture English , yesil vilyum , I be necdit yesil . billy Mr. yesil . yesil I know exactly what you feel but you must not worry , we be act immediately , we get the right court , the right judge , I arrange everything - just right . and I think we get you bail . if very bad , maybe twenty month sentence ... but I think we get you bail ... pause , billy look at he wonder how to take he in . yesil ( reassuringly ) you know I have lecture at the University of maryland in you country ? also University Michigan very nice country . we both go back . ( smile ) billy ( try to concentrate ) if I get bail , mister yesil , they say it 's easy to cross the border into Greece ? father ( pace up , hungry ) right ! that 's what we be shoot for . mister Davis and have be in contact with the State Department , but right now relation with the Turks be not too good , Nixon 's upset the hell out of they . we best bet 's ... right here . billy dad ... ( pause , glance at Davis and yesil , embarrassed ) I will pay you back for all this , I promise . another angle father do not worry about it . right now money do not count . okay ? a pause . yesil shift , throats be clear . billy move to sit down , limping faintly ; he be wear sneaker and the bruise do not show . father where would you get that limp ? billy ( not want to alarm he ) nothing . just twisted my ankle . sit down at the conference table . billy where you stay , dad ? father ( pull up a seat next to billy ) the Hilton . billy how do you like it ? Istanbul ? father well , it 's a interesting place ... ( lower he voice , a hint of a smile ) tell you the truth , I think the food be lousy . the crap they sell in this little restaurant . I go out to eat in one of they last night , and I have to run to the damn toilet ... you shoulda ' see the toilet . billy laugh . billy you mean you get toilet ? father be happy to see he son laugh . father yeah , with real toilet paper - and you do not have to use both side . billy laugh again . father so now I be eat at the Hilton every night . billy smile . a pause . a worried look return to the Father 's face father why would you do it , billy ? billy for the money ... ( look away ) ) father ( sigh ) I know you kid smoke that stuff , and we drink booze , but take it across a border - it be stupid , billy . stupid . billy I know . glance at davis , yesil back to he father , he voice beginning to tremble , ashamed of himself for let it show . billy dad get I out of here . another angle . the father understand the desperation in he voice , put he hand on he so n's . father I promise you , billy . just sit tight and do not .. don 't do anything stupid . let I work with Mr. yesil and Mr. Davis . we will get you out ... okay ? billy , okay ? all the assurance of the world be write in this kindly irishman 's face . billy feel it . billy be lead by two guard down a huge arched corridor in the courtroom build . billy okay . CUT : prosecutor voice ( over ) the world be now look at Turkey . we be call the heroin supplier of the world . story about we be in newspaper and on television every day all around the world . the time have come , you honor , to alter this image before we find ourselves isolate and morally ostracize by the rest of the human race ... the courtroom - monolithic , frightening , immense with cross - current of greenish light from the enormous window . people seem insignificant . the prosecutor , wear dark green glass , continue , scowling , gesture profusely at : billy in the prisoner dock , baroque design , isolate . do not understand a thing , erich 's extra-large blue pin- stripe suit make he look rather absurd . he father , consul davis , yesil and another lawyer be seat together at the defence table confer in low tone with each other . yesil look over at billy with a big reassure grin , nod he head - nothing to worry about . turkish girl from the Press with a yellow legal pad , make note in the spectator Gallery . her leg flare out from a short skirt . billy pries he eye away to : prosecutor continue in front of the three judge high on a Alice in wonderland podium wear long black robe with scarlet collar . one of the judge be bald , the other have he eye close , could be asleep . the chief judge in the middle have a sagging somewhat kindly face and short grey hair . a young man below the podium , be clack at a ancient typewriter on a small table . prosecutor voice ( over ) ( continuous ) ... we must alter this image by punish only we own drug smuggler - but by hand out foreigner who infest we culture with they depravity ungodly and behavior . we must start now - by sentencing this american , vilyum hi-yes , to the maximum sentence for smuggle , to be hold up to the light of the world as a example of turkish justice and its intention to halt the drug trade once and for all .. . I ask the Court therefore to sentence vilyum hi-yes to life imprisonment . he sit , stare malignantly at billy . the judge rise . judge thank you , prosecutor . the Court will now recess to consider its verdict . the judge exit . another angle , General commotion in the courtroom as people move about . the father and davis and the other lawyer consult among themselves , the father vigorously nodd he head . yesil approach billy . billy lean forward anxiously in the dock . billy what would the prosecutor say ? yesil ( hurried ) it 's not important , just technical thing . we make we case . you be very good , you speak well . the judge like you . it look good . do not worry . billy ( press ) do you ask for bail ? but yesil be call over by the other lawyer and hurry off . a soldier come over and sit billy down . CUT : the chief judge put on he glass , stand to read the verdict . yesil , stand with the other , motion billy to rise . billy rise , tense . father look over at he , manage a reassure smile . judge continue , after preliminary : judge the defendant have be find guilty by the Court of the illegal possession of hashish ... prosecutor , he expression souring , make a gesture of defeat . we want a conviction for smuggle , not possession . billy , not understanding see the prosecutor 's gesture , and a hint of hope cross he expression . judge put the paper away , look at billy directly . judge ... therefore . this court sentence you , vilyum hi-yes to be imprison at sagamilcar prison for a term of four year and two month . this case be now close . billy look at the judge do not understand . thinks he might be free . but suddenly two soldier move in , and start chain he hand together . he be bewilder , look at : yesil hastily confer with billy 's father , more concerned about make a good impression with he than with billy . yesilf four year , two month . it 's good . father ( stunne ) four year ! yesil ( quickly ) we appeal it . billy watch this , a lose look . father be too shocked to do anything but look at yesil who continue on : yesil you will see , he will have maybe one year take off this sentence for good behaviour . remember , it be only for possession ; the prosecutor want life sentence for smuggle ... ( a smile ) to be honest Mr. haye , it be a great victory ! billy be forcibly remove from the dock - in chain . CUT : the father , in the same conference room , father ( embarrassed ) ... with good time billy it work out to about 3 year ... then there 's the appeal . yesil , Davis , they be all work for you we be go to try to make a deal to get you transfer to a stateside prison . and Davis think there might be a political amnesty any month ... stop . know it sound bad . billy look down . father look - I know it sound tough , billy , but we be gonna get you out ... father grip billy by the arm hard . father ... I promise you , but I do not want you to get stupid again . pull anything . they can play with you sentence . billy nod , acquiescent . fattier ( he voice start to crack ) I be put $ 500 in the bank for you . anything you need you write ... billy nod . his father point to a stack of item on the conference table , pick up a cigarette carton . father there 's food , candy , write paper , soap , book ... ( he eye start to water ) ... cigarettes , soap , tooth - brush , there 's ... Jesus ! ( crack , throw down the cigarette carton ) I be write insurance policy on people for thirty goddamn year ... ( laugh and cry at the same time ) and now I gotta see my own son ... Jesus ! Jesus ! if I could be where you be billy , I would be there ... goddamn Jesus ! this bastard . hug he son billy be on the verge of tear . billy dad ! father oh Jesus ! ( sobbing ) hamidou enter the room . a morbid curiosity in he expression about this show of grief . watch a few moment , then indicate the visit be over , he tap he falaka stick lightly a few time on the hollow door . thwack ! thwack ! father break the embrace with billy , tear streaking he cheek . silently indicate for he to " go , go fast . " billy go , past hamidou father shaking he finger at hamidou father you take good care of my boy , you hear , or I will have you fuck head , you turkish bastard ! it sputter out of he mouth , senseless to : hamidou who close the door . he have a angry glint in he eye . CUT : billy lie on he bunk at night deeply depressed , paler . candlelight flutter softly against the stone wall . a photo of susan take outdoors with a mountain range in the background , be on he wall with various soap carving of little chess piece she have design . in the distance , very faintly come upwards into we sound consciousness we hear a train whistling in the night , on a old railroad track bypass the prison wall . two whistle . chugge . then pass off . the Midnight Express . billy voice dear Susan . 1970 have now pass into 1971 . you can drift in here and never know you be go . you can fade so far out and you do not know where you be anymore or where anything else be ... the camera drift around the second story kogus revealing the sleeper : erich , bell , max ... billy voice ( continuous ) I find loneliness be a physical pain which hurt all over ; you can not isolate it in one part of you body . I so much need you softness , you strength . I have you letter . they charge I , give I courage . News about amnesty and get out - tangle , complicated ... the camera linger on ziat in a far corner of the kogus , top bunk , against a wall . never secure , he shuffles in he sleep . voice ... I feel myself drift more heavily into smoking hashish . the haze help the time pass . also I do soap carving . erich teach I . and I have be learn turkish because it help I to deal with the guard and the prisoner . I be try hard to maintain some sort of schedule to my life , but sometimes it seem like I be just try in order to try ... ziat be evidently awake he pull he radio over into the bed , and peer around to make sure no one be watch , here move the screw from the back of it , pull off the cover and put in a sheaf of large denomination german mark : inside we briefly glimpse a wad of different - color currencie stack with rubber band . CUT : courtyard . volleyball game in progress . erich be tall and play with dexterous grace . billy be fast , agile . bell be muscular , intense , he hit power - pack . billy voice ( continuous ) ... in the daytime we sometimes play volleyball against the big turkish gangster ... the three they play against be hilarious look in this context , move like big clumsy bear , wave they arm and scream at each other , disorganize . ever conscious of fashion , they have they jacket and vest off but play in they elvis presley shirt roll up at the sleeve , shiny slack , black point pump . the boy wear short and sneaker . on the sideline we see a group of prisoner lay bet and shouting encouragement . billy leap up for a ball close to the net and as the turkish opponent back off , he dink the ball in just over the net ; the Turk scream he teammate scream at he . CUT : bell go up for another ball close to the net and really smashes it with all he might , and : ball bang right into the eye of a turk who flail he arm and scream with pain , very theatrical . CUT : the same turk now swagger around the courtyard , wear sunglass so no one will see he black eye . billy voice ... to the Turks all foreigner be " ayip " - unclean , dirty . we do not shave we under - arm or around we crotch ... bell across the pointyard grin at he and point he out to billy , and erich . billy voice ( continuous ) even the yoga I sometimes do be " ayip " - too suggestive ... the turk scowl back at bell , huddle menacingly with another turk . billy voice ( continuous ) and you be never suppose to eat with you leave hand . you know why ? because that 's what they use to wipe they ass with instead of toilet paper . and yet they hate pig . there be no pig in Turkey . they be consider dirty ... bell , smirk at the Turk , turn and walk away . billy voice ( continuous ) so be homosexuality . that 's a big crime here but most of they do it every chance they get . there be about a thousand thing that be " ayip " . but they be really so hypocritical , like child break the rule . for instance ... suddenly a cry off and : the turk run up , pull a sharp shiv from he pants , and use the cloth as a handle he repeatedly stab bell in the ass and back of he thigh . one , two , three , four , five quick stab , like a cook hammer veal . in spite of its violence , the action seem like slapstick . bell tumble to the ground , cry out . the turk stashes the shiv and disappear among he friend , he honor restore . billy and erich run over to help bell who be obviously more in pain than in danger . billy voice ( continuous ) ... you can stab or shoot some body the but not above the waist because that 's intent to kill . so everybody run around stabbing everyone else in the ass . that 's what they call ' turkish revenge ' . there 's also a lot of " baksheesh " that 's a favorite turkish word for bribery ... long shot - hamidou and aslan the young fat turkish gangster point out previously by erich , be take tea together in the first story kogus alone except for ziatr and hamidou 's two fat son , 7 and 8 year old , both dress in little suit listen politely as hamidou gesture to they , in couch term . the voice be distant and , after a few beat , under billy voice : hamidou unfortunately my youngest son arief be have problem with he tooth ; he need brace , but dentist be so expensive this day aslan ( patting arief on the head ) poor kid ... you know I have a friend , a very good friend ; he 's a dentist ; maybe he could get you some brace at a ... reasonable price . hamidou ( protest with he hand , shaking he head ) ) oh , no ... it 's out of the question ... would not want to ask you friend ... aslan yes. please ! as a favour ... I insist they go on , each protest . billy voice ( continuous ) hamidou hint that he need new brace for one of he son . aslan of course have a friend who 's a dentist . they bullshit for half a hour and hamidou finally accept the " baksheesh " in return ... a burlap bag come fly over the wall of the courtyard late at night . then another come over , land in the yard . one be around . billy voice ( continuous ) dope and all kind of shipment get deliver to aslan , who be - sell it through he runner . people like Ziat . but one night , it backfire ... a third bag come over , get catch on a hooknail and rip right open . hundred of yellow pill spill out . CUT : courtyard . the SUN be just come up in the East . prayer can be hear in the distance . thousands of bomber be scattered all over the courtyard . billy voice ( continuous ) there be thousand of yellow nembutol . aslan as usual have the privilege of go into the courtyard before anybody else to pick up he stuff but ... aslan argue vehemently with a guard , in he rag uniform , who will not open the cell of the first floor kogus into the courtyard . billy voice ( continuous ) ... it happen to be a new guard that day and he do not understand the system . guard no . it 's too early . aslan open the fuck Gate , you asshole ! do you know who I be ? you want to get in trouble ! guard ( angry ) hey , I you mother ! get back to you bunk . aslan , red in the face , step back , suddenly pull out a little revolver . he promptly shoot the guard in both leg and stalk back towards he bunk . CUT : prisoner rush out into the courtyard , scramble for the windfall of free nembutol . the prison director , a bald unimpressive look man in a western suit , be call up the circular stone stair to the second story kogus from the first story . with he be several guard , equally reluctant to move forward . hamidou be absent . prison director aslan ... be reasonable . come down and talk . aslan ( off ) ( from second story ) you come up here and talk ! prison director ( not move ) aslan ... if you give up the gun , you can keep the bullet billy voice ( continuous ) a week later aslan have a new gun ... a photographer , seedy look , ready a big old fashioned box of a camera . he snap the shutter on : billy voice ... I know all this must sound crazy to you , but this place be crazy ... CUT : aslan and a group of fellow gangster , all impeccably dress and grin for camera , fresh from they victory . billy , erich , max , form they own group ; in contrast to the Turks , none of they be smile , max have he young cat in hand . the photographer be lining up he shot , pose they like actor . billy ( continuous ) everything be " sula- bula " which mean " like this , like that " - you never know what will happen . one day one of the new kid be rape in the child 's kogus , so they pick out six of the worst kid ... courtyard . guard pull out six kide by the ear from a line -up . CUT : close kid be pin onto he back on the floor in children' kogus : then he be bent over double by a wooden bench ; and two guard sit on each end of the bench , hold he down . a silence , hamidou appear in a hat and mohair suit with narrow lapel , accompany by he two little fat son , also in they Sunday best . with a ceremonious solemnity , hamidou take off he jacket , hat , vest , hand they to he son . billy watch through the window with other prisoner . hamidou be pass a falaka stick . he raise it high in the air and begin to whack at the buttock , leg , and foot of the scream kid . another angle - on this cue , the five guard on the other bench begin whack away ; the kide squirm , scream , struggle but the guard sit on the of the bench brace they leg farther apart to keep they balance , in immediate background , the other kide watch , scared . the two son with wide - eye but passive expression , stare at they father at work . hamidou beat he victim , scream out : hamidou pis ! pis " ( " obscene , filthy " ) then stop . billy watch as : hamidou be hand back he vest , jacket and hat by he son : put they on ever so neatly and lead they off as if on a Sunday stroll leave the crying behind . on they back , we hear , placidly : hamidou you see mamur , mamet - what happen when you be not a good boy . billy voice ( continuo ) then there 's Ziat . the more I know of he ... CUT : ten dollar bill exchange hand . the dirty nail of ziat clutch the bill , wave it to the candlelight to see if it be authentic he milky white eye across the bill . he be next to he bunk at night . billy voice ... the more hate he . max and billy be next to he , max eagerly gouging with he knife into a small bar of soap : pull out a ball of hashish inside , neatly conceal . bring it up to he nose , sniff . another angle - billy be watch with glaze eye - stone . approve of the $ 10 , tuck it into he belly cloth look over and scowling at : max's young cat on he bunk scratch playfully at one of he wool sweater . another angle max hold the ball of hash : max ten dollar for this shit ? you greedy one - eye git . ziat no ! be good ! ( get he English wrong ) I good shit . ( meaning my shit be good ) max no ! you big shit ! ziat think max be correct he English , nod and repeat : ziat yeah ! efe big shit . billy and max snigger and ziat realize they be make fun of he . he hate that and suddenly reach over and : ziat jaaaash ! shake the cat hard off he bunk . a squeal from the cat . max surprised , glare at Ziat . max you asshole ! then hurry after it , call its name ... max hikmet come here boy . hikmet ziat shrug . so what ? billy ( irritate ) what be it with you man , what the hell be it ? ziat cat , ah ! ayip ! billy you be ayip ! ziat ( glare at he , then let it go ) look , you do not fuck with I , I do not fuck with you , right ? billy but you fuck with I . you fuck with I all the time . you make crummy tea . you rip we off on the hash . ziat ( amused ) I make special tea for you , hiye , okay ? we have to live like brother . we have to be in here together . billy ( tired of it ) oh shove it , Ziat for all the money you have , you have nothing ! ziat grin , shrug , squat and fiddle with he key and footlocker . ziat you ' merican . you do not know . billy watch , repulse and fascinate . billy know what ? ziat be .. ( make gesture with he finger ) ... seven year old . I be on street in suk. buy . sell . no family to take care . I learn . billy learn what ? ziat shrug . he think billy be a idiot . ziat Dog eat dog , hi-yes . you fuck other man before he fuck you . ( grin ) and you must fuck last . billy that 's a great philosophy . ziat ( shake he head ) you ' merican . you do not know . max have follow he cat down to the end of the floor but it have run up into a rafter which he cannot reach . he call up . max here hikmet ! come down here boy ! hikmet ... rafter nothing . Max give up . max sodd cat ! he shuffles off back to he bunk . the cat be back on ziat be bunk - night scratch with he paw around the radio. of the neck , hard . suddenly he be grabbed by the scruff of the neck , hard . CUT : billy jerk up from he bunk as he the hear a loud , pierce screech , off , echoing through the kogus . then silence . CUT : ziat , industrious as always , be prepare he tea on the three burner of the small bottled gas ' stove in the kitchen , first floor kogus ; needless to say the area be filthy with scrap all over the floor , cat and two large wooden eat table occupy by some prisoner . the Kitchen open up in background into a washing room with sink . it be early morning - Muslim chanting off , three turkish prisoner walk in , talk ( ad lib ) , follow by max stone , who shuffles over to the table , about to sit , see something . he cat , dead stab , and lie there neglect in the corner , just another scrap ready to be sweep out . ziat calmly pour the tea for the table , pay max no attention , a excellent actor . prominently seat , however , be a guard . max quietly glare at ziat and the Guard but say nothing ; he have be in prison long enough to know how to hold it in . another angle max - silently walk over and gently pick up the corpse in he arm , start to walk out . CUT : billy listen impassively to : yesil the lawyer . they be in a booth in the visiting camber . bar separate prisoner and visitor . yesil ( smile ) the new american ambassador here be follow you case very closely . he say there be progress . but there be another route that be quite possible ... ( lower he voice and lean close ) ... for the proper amount of money it be possible I can convince certain official to lose track of you papers before the High Court in ankara confirm the sentence of the lower Court in Istanbul ... you would not exist ; and you could be in Greece by the time the turkish court discover a stupid clerical mistake ... but I have to act before the official sentence be hand down , and for that I must pay certain official in advance ... billy close he eye as yesil' voice drone on , explain the detail , the cast , the simplicity of it , fading out under : billy walk the courtyard count he pace 48 , 49 , 50 turn , go back . susan's voice ... my dearest billy . I know it be long and it be hard for you , but you family and I be think about you all the time . I be try hard to make enough money night to come and see you . you father say that lawyer yesil want another $ 2000 . I know you distrust he more and more , but you father want to do everything he can , and he be borrow all he can on the mortgage of the house . money seem to be the only way out of there . except of course the other way ... billy , max and bell ( bandage around the ass from the stabbing ) be huddle around bell 's bunk late night candle burn , a sheet sealing off some of the kogus . Bell furtively look around , pull out and elaborately unfold a set of drawing from a pack of letter . susan's voice ( continuous ) ... but I can not say I be for it . nor be you parent . they consult the priest , and he say to send you money for that reason would be like sealing you death . bell ( excited ) the blueprint ! max to what ? bell the prison , man . there be this german cat a architect in the hospital . he be help the Turks build some shit round the place . I laid some bread on he and he let I copy they . billy , puzzle , turn the drawing upside - down , sideways . the drawing be a lunatic mess of scramble line , dot , cross . another angle max and billy , try to follow the map , look at each other dubiously . max too bad you do not have a machine . bell ( intent ) there 's two way out I figger - over the roof , but that 's only one person , maybe two . the other way be under . billy tunnel ? bell ( grin ) it 's already build ! there 's a basement substructure where they use to keep weapon and stuff , but beneath that there 's this old catacomb that the Christians build ' bout a thousand fuck year ago to bury they dead . we be sit right on top of it -- here . insert drawing , illustrate roughly the structure of the prison . his finger trace , bubbling with nervous enthusiasm . bell ( over ) the kraut say there 's a whole bunch of hollow seal shaft sort of like dumbwaiter run along this wall ; one of they be right in there , right next to we shower . we get in there , he say , we can get down into the catacomb . with three of we work .... ( stop ) max be stand , tapping on the wall , listen , a funny look on be face . max gotta be here someplace . think I hear a couple of dead Christians sing down there . another angle bell ( irritate ) stop shitting I , man ! billy ( try to be serious ) but how would you get into the shaft , Jimmy ? max I suppose you knock three time and ask for St. Peter . bell ( turn on Max ) hey ! I be get this together man and I do not need no fuck gastro-head along on this trip ! ( a fierce look at Max then back to billy ) we go through the wall . billy ( a resign look on he face ) we go through the wall ? max ( quite sure Bell be out of he skull ) we go through the wall . bell between billy and max walk in the courtyard continue intently : bell ... the kraut be right ! I check it out - there 's no reinforce steel in that bath wall . they be real soft from underground seepage -- bell reach the wall , turn around and continue lower he voice occasionally as other prisoner intersect they . bell ( gesture profusely ) -- the water like " ' weep " through the cement , see . twenty , thirty year , you can almost push it over . all we do be use gastrohead 's screwdriver here and scrape the mortar out . pull out 2 , 3 stone , squeeze through , put them back , and get we ass down the shaft , it 's a two night operation , maybe three . max and what do you do when you in the catacomb ? bell the catacoomb ? whaddya want , a door ? there 's mile of they like a sewer system but they get to come up someplace in Istanbul . Max be feed up with it now , no longer joke . max you gotta be fuck crazy ! you get stab in the ass once too much , sweetheart , cause you be gonna end up in section 13 , that 's what - not the ' catacomb . billy section 13 ? max ( look at Bell ) yeah , for the criminally insane . ( look at billy ) I be there once for two week and it be not a illusion . it 's awful . namidou run it like a death camp , that 's where he spend most of he time ... billy where be it ? max I do n ' t know . it 's someplace down in there .... ( point at the ground ) ..deep .. a big door ... a wheel .... his eye go back in time , haunt , vague break off . another angle bell ( low - key ) hey , you know what 's gonna get we out of here ? it 's not a map , Max . it 's we ball . you know what I mean ... ( straight at Max , billy , very sincere , he eye almost water ) ... I gotta get laid man , I do not know ' bout you guy , but if I do not get it on soon , I be ... I be not gonna make it . max ( under he breath ) shit . bell billy ? billy ... the roof sound better to I than digging through a wall . Ziat 's round there all the time . but the roof .... ( look up ) p.o.v . - the roof , its edge visible over the courtyard . billy shake he head . billy the bullet percentage be awful high . a pause . billy look away from bell be stare . billy if I get catch , Jimmy , I be face another month . I would be back up to 3 year , maybe more ... look down . bell understand , deeply disappointed . bell well fuck it ! choose you own death , babe , I be take the roof out of here ! Bell leave : CUT : a long dungeon corridor at the end of it , the frame of a small ; door , crack of light at its edge . track in - f.x. of a siren , capture and now beat - heavy beat from behind that door . closer we reach it . the door fly OPEN and hamidou be glimpse lighting a cigarette . like a surreal dream , he hand hold the match have a thick leather thong bound around its knuckle and blood speckle on he finger . a blur of foreground movement a guard come out the door - drag : bell by the hair across the floor . his face contort in agony . billy voice dear Susan . poor Jimmy be catch and beat so badly he get a severe hernia and lose a testicle . he 's be in the hospital for month have operation .. CUT : close billy tooth be pulled billy voice ( continuous ) ... in comparison my problem seem very small . but two and a half year have now go by , and in they own fashion , the Turks be slowly drain my life away ... widen to a stone chamber and a crazy look dentist in a filthy long white smock , puffing on a cigarette holder , he ash fall over billy as he work he mouth . a motorize drill be plugge into the wall , adjacent a filthy spittoon cover with blood ; dry blood be spatter liberally around the chamber . billy spit out the blood and look in the mirror . billy voice ... I have problem with my stomach and my leg muscle feel very weak . my gum seem to be shrink and they sometimes bleed when I massage they ... they have pull five of my tooth ... suddenly he start shout angrily in turkish . the dentist scream back at he . ad lib . the dentist still scream , lean billy back in the chair and look in he mouth . billy voice ( continuous ) ... sometimes they null the wrong one ... CUT : billy be wash himself in he undershort at the sink with erich ; the hot water be on full blast and billow of vapor fill the small stone room , like a sauna . he pour a pitcher full of hot water over he head ; he eye linger on : the stone of the wall with they crack molding ; some area be noticeably darker than other - Bell 's " wet spot " , the alternate escape route . billy voice ( continuo ) ... even my dream do not seem to work any more . because the outside do not seem real any more . it 's not even a fantasy ... because there be no fantasy . erich use a coarse wash sponge on billy 's back . billy voice ( continuous ) even masturbation have become boring . it teach you , like the rest of prison life , to seal up you emotion , and this be the great danger , this be what make so many of the man change into something monstrous ... eye of the arab peer through the musky vapor at billy and erich ; they loll about the door curious , lecherous for they body . CUT : erich massage billy on he bunk in the second story kogus . billy voice ( continuous ) it be erich who have teach I how it be to be conscious , to channel and direct my energy . he have convinced I to stop smoking hashish , he be the calmest man I have ever know . if you do not control you energy in here if can blow you apart like with Bell . and you can not waste it either . you have to weigh up every one of you action - for and against . too little sex , too much sex either will throw you off balance ... erich lean forward and kiss a tentative billy on the lip . a gentle kiss . they be stand inside the toilet stall ; lower themselves down onto the seat . erich look back over he shoulder , guard they privacy . it be late night . billy voice ( continuously ) ...he have teach I about feeling , and the need to express they . and he have teach I about love ... billy close he eye , softly - and with hesitation - return erich 's caress . they hand probe each other 's body . billy voice ( continuous ) ... and what love really be , beyond its physical form .. . I think up to now I have only consider my own self , never really another ... CUT : erich and billy do yoga position together early morning fully clothed , in the first floor kogus empty space . erich lie on he belly , he back stiffly arched , foot raise . billy stand silent , balanced lightly on he foot , he palm press together beneath he chin , center , eye close . billy voice ... and now strange as it seem , Susan , without have see you in so long I feel myself more inside of you than ever before . I feel you female mind . I sense you , touch you ; ... know you ; and find myself fall more and more ... in love with you . billy rise gracefully onto he toe , stretch he arm out above he head . it be the beginning posture , he body greeting the day . billy and erich sit silently now in lotus position , face each other , breathe slowly , relax mind still , look into each other 's eye . billy close eye . billy ( chant-like , gather momentum ) a prison a monastery a cloister a cave , prison monastery cloister cave , prison monastery cloister cave , prison monastery cloister cave , prison monastery cloister ... SOUND off , interrupt the clomp of footstep on the stair . ziat come down , stare at the two of they as he go into the kitchen to prepare early morning tea . billy 's expression change . billy prison . rise from he position . CUT : the SUN flowering up over istanbul . billy rise from he bunk to the chant drine of " Allah wakbah " off , and move to the close wall , take out a old wet rag . billy voice dear Susan . erich have be transfer to a prison back in Sweden . he have profoundly affect my life and though I be lonely without he I be calmer than ever ... billy erase out a scrape numeral ( 54 ) on the wall and with a chalky piece of rock , inscribe in bold stroke the numberal : 53 billy voice ( continuous ) though I only have 53 day leave , I feel I have never be so well adjust to prison and to live as now .... bell ( off ) Allah fuck off ! jimmy bell wake , hearing the perpetual " Allah wakbah " chant . bell asina covaciml . ( I stick it in he mouth ) he be noticeably pale and weaker than before . billy voice ( continuous ) ... poor Jimmy ... billy cut hair in the first floor there with a disturb tight look on he face , work with a pocket mirror . bell sit inspect the billy voice ( continuous ) ... though he health be bad he still will not give up ... guard approach with a slip in hand . billy voice ( continuous ) ... he still talk of escape . the guard hand the slip to billy who be pleasantly surprised . a visitor . billy , walk down and turn a corridor into : in the prison , follow a guard and turn into : the visiting room where the little booth with bar separate prisoner and visitor . behind the grill be the consul , stanley davis . his face be grim and grey . billy sense it immediately . billy what 's wrong ? davis sit down a moment , billy . I be afraid I have some bad news for you . billy sit , tense . billy something happen to dad ?... Mom ? davis swallow hard , not to say it davis no ... it look like you go to have a new court . billy what do you mean ? davis the prosecutor object to you sentence for possession ; he want a smuggle conviction and the High Court in ankara review it . another angle billy and ? davis we have be notify that they reject the sentence ... billy 's face drain of all expression . davis ( continue ) there be 35 judge on the High Court . twenty eight of they vote for a life sentence . billy eye . numb , daze , surreal . davis ( off ) the lower Court in Istanbul will have to go along with the decision . the judge like you and he will do the only thing he can do under the law .... . he will reduce the sentence to thirty year ... we be notify ... billy . suddenly he be grabbed by he ivy-league stripe tie and he face be yank up to the bar , he glass fall off . billy be berserk , he face right up against the bar , gripping Davis tight . billy what do you mean life for for what ! for what ! davis ( choke ) billy ! please ! commotion off as guard run in , hamidou in the lead . billy for what ! for what ! the guard try to pry loose billy strangling grip on davis ' tie . billy I have fifty three day left ! hamidou take out a knife and cut the consul 's tie in half . davis fall backwards . billy be haul now . back , still grip half the tie . he be tremble now . billy I have fifty three day left ! davis be shake . he have red bar mark across he face and be absent- mindedly try to adjust half a tie as he look at : billy be haul out by hamidou , scream something indistinct . CUT : courtroom . same as before . billy , in the prisoner 's dock , address the Court ; as he speak , a turkish translator . drone underneath he voice level : billy ... what be the crime ? and what be the punishment ? the answer seem to vary from place to place , and from time to time . what 's legal today be suddenly illegal tomorrow cause some society say it 's so ; and what 's illegal yesterday all of a sudden get legal today because everybody 's do it and you can not throw everybody in jail . well I be not say this be right or wrong . it 's just the way thing be .... yesil the lawyer ; davis the consul . the PRESS girl from the previous trial in the short skirt . billy billy ( continuous ) but I spend the last three and a half year of my life in you prison and I think I pay for my error and if it 's you decision today to sentence I to more year , I ... I ... ( a break ) you know my lawyer tell I 'be cool billy do not get upset , do not get angry , if you be good I can maybe get a pardon , a amnesty , a appeal , this that and the other thing . ' well that 's be go down now for 35 year ... yesil look over , surprised he be talk like this . look at davis . billy . billy ( continuous ) and I have be play it cool and I have be good and now I be damn tired of be good cause you people give I the belief that I have 53 day leave . you hang 53 day in front of my eye and then you take that 53 day away , and mister prosecutor ! I just wish you could ... prosecutor look over , through he dark green glass . billy ( over ) ... stand right here where I be stand and feel what that ... ... feel like , cause then you would know something you do not know you would know what mean , mister prosecutor and you would know the concept of a society be base on the quality of its mercy mean , of its sense of fair play , its sense of justice ... but ( shrug and scoff at himself ) I guess that 's just like ask a bear to shit in a toilet ... translator stop , look puzzle . billy billy ( same self - mock tone ) for a nation of pig , it 's funny you do not eat they . fuck it , give I the sentence . Jesus forgive the bastard , but I can not . I hate you . Nation . I hate you I hate you people . and I fuck you son and daughter ! sit down , disgust ; under he breath : billy ... cause you be all pig . silence in the uncomfortably . courtroom . people look at each other davis look down . yesil flip some page abstractedly . translator scare : translator would you honor like I to translate ? the old chief judge , the same one as before shake he head . judge that will not be necessary another angle - the judge turn to billy in the foreground rise , and unexpectedly cross he wrist out in front of he . judge ( emotionally ) my hand be tie by ankara ! make the gesture of the hand forcefully , with anger . translator ( off ) my hand be tie by ankara ! billy watching , judge ( off ) I must sentence you , vilyum hiye ... judge judge ... to be imprison at sagamilcar for a term no less than thirty year ... getchmis olsun translator ( off ) " I must sentence you , vilyum hiye , to be imprison at sagamilcar for a term no less than year ... " getchmis olsun " as he translate , the judge unable to control he emotion exit rapidly , not look at billy , follow by the two other judge . translator ( off ) " May it pass quickly . " CUT : three old gleaning women swathed in black like three fate turn from they sweeping as billy be lead out courtroom number six down a long stone corridor . Dust float through long slant shaft of yellowish light , like a stripe leotard dream . billy walk , he eye straight ahead - determine . song over ( bell ) ( old Southern blue beat , improvise ) " mmmmm ... get the blue babe , get that old Istanbul blue , Said yeah , I get the blue babe get that old Istanbul blue ... thirty year in Turkey , babe , ai not get nothing leave to lose ... " CUT : bell sing it , strumm sloppily but with feel on he guitar . billy lie , he back up , on he bunk nearby . max , stone , sit at the base of the bunk . it be night . the song falter , but max now join in , improvise : song over ( max and bell ) " busted at the border two key in my shoe Said I be bust at the border with two key in my shoe a they give I thirty year , babe to learn the old Istanbul blue ... " several turk be party it up down at the other end of the second floor kogus , play a " sas " - turkish type guitar , counterpoint by a little drum ; the music be stridently turkish , and one of the man do a belly - dance in underpant with two lemon masquerade as breast under he shirt . the loud twanging of Bell 's guitar can be hear off , interrupt they . they be annoyed . bell lead max into the next stanza : song over ( max and bell ) " I say Lord now save I please save I from this pain " billy , touch - listen , think . song over ( over ) " I say Lord come and save I , come save I from this pain come set I free sweet Jesus ... " turk ( off ) hey knock off that shit music ... two turk from the party walk up , wave at bell 's guitar , annoyed . turk ... we be play the sas . bell ( understanding they turkish ) omina koyden you sas ! ( put you sas in you cunt ! ) the two turk tense , the mood change . bell get even angrier , put the guitar aside , ready to spring . bell ... and besides that I fuck Allah and I fuck you Muslim mother too ... they do not understand but one of they be reach into he pants for he shiv . bell you get that , shit face ? asina ... billy ( off ) knock it off ! another angle billy be move fast between the two turk and bell . a new authority in he voice , and control anger in he face . billy ( to Bell ) cut it ! no more fight . bell look . billy we be get out of here . bell astonished . CUT : billy , with Max 's little screwdriver and a metal spoon , dig hard at the crack around a dark stone in the sink room , first floor kogus . with he be max work on the same stone . they be sweat , shirtless , look back over they shoulder at : bell guard the stair . billy work the stucco out , jiggling with the stone ( about a nine inch circumference ) use he finger and screwdriver . painful work . billy voice dear Susan . it 's take I a long time to find out that it 's get to stop somewhere . I have learn painfully not to trust the Turks , the court , the lawyer , the consul , the United States government , and not even my loving parent . there be only one way out of here .. the Midnight Express . billy kick with he sneaker at the stone , as silently as possible . a loud noise - crumble dust , stucco . bell at the stair freeze , fearful . then silence . he run over . max , bell , billy . max ( in a whisper ) we be undermine the other stone ! bell study it , point to the stone above leave the one that have be loosen . bell we gotta take a chance and do that one next - ( point ) then pull out this one - ( point to the one directly leave of the loosen stone , excited ) just jiggle it , scratch it out , loose nit up , it 's soft real soft ! billy have he head press close to the loosen stone . suddenly : billy it 's there ! bell what ? billy listen ! another angle - all three press they ear to the stone . a silence . the faintest whisper of wind and drip ' water - indicate a shaft of some nature . bell look back at billy . bell I tell you , I tell you you cock - sucker ! you do not believe I . billy smile . max reach over and grab Bell 's face between he hand , kiss he violently . max fuck I ! you beautiful mother , you ! CUT : max now on guard at the stair , look over at : bell and billy - with fresh paste put the finish touch on the edge of the stone which have be replace in its original position . Bell 's half naked torso reveal a pair of dice with lucky seven tattooe on he shoulder . CUT : the replaced stone . on close inspection , it be apparent that the stucco around it do not match the other stone one bit , but as we pull back to see ziat wash he tea cup in the sink during the day , this irregularity be lose in the great mosaic of the wall structure . at least ziat do not notice as : billy nervously come into the sink area , watch he , and call to he . billy ( use turkish ) hey , Ziat , hurry up with the tea will ay ! ziat ( mutter to himself ) work , work , work , that 's all do billy I do not hear you bitch about the money . billy follow by ziat into the kitchen cast a look of relief at : bell and max who wait at a table with empty tea cup . CUT : a horde of cockroach stream out from a crack in the stone as billy and max dig , scrape , jiggle the third stone . both cover with sweat , work with confidence now . a dark empty shaft on the other side . dripping water . two stone remove . bell run over : bell want I to take over ? billy you want to split you hernia again ? max get off we tit ! Bell turn to go . suddenly a loud crumbling noise and : a FOURTH stone start to go - but brake itself . billy , max , bell all frame in a posture of fear -- not dare to move . second story kogus remain silent . bell look up the stair , tiptoe back , indicate they be clear . max and billy . all three of they look : the three a half stone space . easily big enough for they to squeeze through . billy shine a candle in the shaft , off . the three look at each other . the same think . eager eye . the train whistle by in the night , off . bell ( sudden ) let 's go ! billy look at he watch , hate to do it . shake he head . billy no . no time . put them back . max groan to himself . CUT : billy tense and restless at he bunk twilight . a loud radio off - turkish News . billy we go early . any fuck - up we should be back here and have the stone in by dawn . another angle - max , bell , and billy . a pause . billy you get you stuff ? max yeah . bell ( persistent ) hap , railroad , bus timetable ? max ( business - like ) everything . billy okay . ( look around the group ) let 's do it . he extend he hand and the other two cross in a six - hand shake . CUT : max signal down the stair - " all clear " . billy go through the hole in the stone that night into : a dark shaft spookily lead downward . he light a thick candle tie horizontally across he sneaker so as to give he he light source where he foothold be . his p.v.o : part dumbwaiter shaft , part water well from a previous century a series of corrugate mossy old foothold and iron spike lead down at irregular interval . CUT : billy , max and bell , each with they own foot candle , be space along the shaft ease downward . billy look up at max about ten foot above . billy okay ? max yeah ! billy Jimmy ? bell ( struggle . ) what ? billy how 's you hernia ? bell do not make I laugh . billy in a sweat , slip . a tense moment - then he catch himself . off - the train whistle can be hear , echoing into the shaft . mix suddenly with loud talking off . argue in turkish . billy freeze , signal upwards with a sharp hiss of breath . voice # 1 ( off ) what do you mean , you forget , he will have my ass ! voice # 2 ( off ) well I can not do two thing at once , you be suppose to be here at nine o'clock ! billy identify the relative location of the voice , ease downward , come to a grill , look in at : a basement room with furnace . two turkish guard throw the prison rubbish in the furnace , still argue , ad lib . billy signal upwards . reverse angle , from inside the basement , of billy slip past the grill , he face sharply illuminate by the flame of the furnace . off the wall around the grill we can see the giant silhouettes of the two guard still argue . billy come to the base of the shaft . a puddle of scummy water . unstrap the candle . a current of wind he peer around . p.o.v . - a winding narrow catacomb , with beehive burial place on both side . billy , sniff the stench , unroll a ball of thread tie it to a marker and head in . CUT : billy , bell and max be in the catacomb . a scratchy hideous sound and : bat fly out squealing from the ceiling . the boy hit the ground as batwing flap over they , collide against each other , knock off wall , screeching , then diminish in sound . fewer and fewer . then go . max ( look up , scared ) Jesus ! billy look up . billy anybody bitten ? another angle bell Nah , just cover with batshit ! billy ( get to he knee ) they go out over there : must be some kind of exit . head in that direction . CUT : a huge spider scatter off , as billy 's candle illuminate : another endless walkway . billy come to a stop - frustrated . billy let 's go back the other way . intersection two walkway . bell lead in , unwind the thread , stop . bell ( desperate ) the fuck be we ? billy come into view , equally frustrated . billy what time be it ? max two thirty . another maze of walkway . the three stop exhaust , face blacken . billy , in utter rage and frustration start kick the wall . billy shit ! shit ! shit ! max ( slumping to the ground ) it 's a dead end . the Turks musta ' seal it up . bell what the fuck we gonna do ? silence as the three pathetic escapee ponder they fate . billy , get a grip on himself , think . billy we go back . another angle max what ? you gotta be joke . billy ( resolute ) we go back , seal it up again , and come in tomorrow night - every night ' till we get out of here . there 's gotta be a way . that bat get out someplace . ( rise ) now let 's go . doubletime ! take the thread and start to follow it back . CUT : the shaft . billy lead the climber up . max reach a new foothold , stop , get he breath . look down at bell heavy breathe off . urging he on . max you gotta have a lot of ball for this bell , suffer , can not help but grin . bell ( murmur ) Count I out . ( to himself , shaking he head ) who ever hear of anybody sneaking back into a fuck jail ? max overhear it . max yeah , what if get catch ? bell start to giggle . billy ( off ) ( up the shaft ) hey Max , do not make the dummy laugh . max laugh , shaking he head . max ( between giggle ) who 's laugh ? I mean I find this terribly depress ... can you see old hamidou 's face when he try to figure this one out ? billy can not go on , start to giggle at the think . billy ( between giggle ) we will tell he we be check out we escape route . we want to be completely sure before we try it . another angle - the three of they , space along the shaft , be all giggle hysterically . echoing . hold on they . CUT : billy come through the hole in the stone in the sink area . it be still night . he look around - silence . max follow through the hole . CUT : billy and max work fractically to seal up the stone . bell , exhaust , be at the stair guard . distant early morning sound of prison waking up . we feel they will be spot this time , but : CUT : billy slump into he bunk as the first ray of light come up in the sky and the chant from the mosque commence . he immediately sink into sleep . close on old tea leave be wash in the sink . a milky white eye follow into view . ziat be prepare he early morning tea , he good eye now move to something beyond the tea leave . curious , he straighten , throw the withere bunch of leave the sink . ziat approach the irregular stucco paste around the replaced stone ; run he finger along the ridge , notice the paste be fresh . billy snore from fatigue . bell wake he quickly . bell billy , wake up ! they find it ! off there be a lot of shout downstairs . billy who ? bell Ziat ! CUT : billy stand in a group of prisoner with bell and max . he have a look of total despair on he face , as he watch . the sink . prisoner be everywhere jabber excitedly among themselves . ziat be confer with hamidou as guard rip out the last stone , revealing the hole lead to the shaft . billy 's gaze shift to ziat fix all he hatred on he . ziat grin , move away , and he falaka stick cocked like a sergeant major - move among the prisoner . hamidou shut up ! they all fall immediately silent . hamidou continue he walk among they , bypass : max who shift he gaze onto : billy . hamidou approach , he eye move over billy with contempt , and shifting he aside with the stick . to he billy be the same passive prisoner as before . he move on , shifting other aside and then stop at : bell . hamidou swing he stick up slowly and tap he lightly on the chest . bell realize and be afraid . hamidou no do ! no do ! I tell you I see you again .. finish ! he punctuate this last with a theatrical tap on the chest and he gesture to the guard . hamidou take he ! bell , already break by bad beating , shiver . bell . no ! oh no ! no ... guard grab he , hurry he out the kogus behind hamidou billy hold himself rigid , try not to break . Bell 's protest continue off . max unable to contain he anger , stride right up to ziat , collar he , livid . max you bastard ! this time I be gonna kick you fuck brain all over this kitchen ! ziat ( calm ) fine. good. man to man . we fight now . and when finish I bring hamidou and he kick you fuckinq ass . max be about to swing when billy grab he . billy Max ! cool it ! ( look at Ziat calmly ) Ziat 's just do he job . ziat glance from billy back to max fix on he as billy walk he away . CUT : max be at he bunk that night ; put away the hypodermic needle , stone and speed at the same time , smoking a cigarette . billy inwardly tense , sit with he head in he hand . max Bell 's gonna talk . they get to find out . man , we gotta out . tear have form in he eye . max goddamn gastro 's kill I . make I blind . hey billy ! billy ( sympathetic ) yeah . max I get some acid man . maybe we can drop some on the guard huh ? in they tea or something . billy look away , not even consider . but max be catch up in the notion . max yeah I get it all work out . billy , listen to I . ( look at billy , he eye glaze ) that old guard like you , you drop some acid on he . when he 's see rainbow yer know . walk out - tonight . billy then we be outside the kogus . then what ? max what ? billy after we be outside the kogus ? max oh we ... we ... billy Max ... you billy shirt 's on fire ... max clumsily brushes the burn ash off he shirt where it 's make a hole . max oh shit ! oh Christ ! his eye cloud with tear . he sit down , head between he hand . max there just come a time you know ... you know you be never go to git it on . suddenly shift mood again , stand , pull out a shiv , resolute , eye brighten . max that 's what I be gonna do . ( giggle ) billy look up wonder . billy what ? max ( crazily ) cut he fuck throat . billy whose ? max ziat ... what do I get to lose huh ! what do I get to lose . and I would really enjoy it . lurch against the bunk . billy Max , sit down . you be in no shape to kill anybody . max I want to cut he throat . billy it 's already be cut . max then I will cut he ball off . billy smile , shake he head , then : billy if you really want to hurt Ziat ( pause ) max slump back down on the bunk , suddenly tired of kill . billy ( reflective ) ... his money - steal that , you steal he blood ... could you see he face when everything he work so hard to get get snatch ? ( play with the think idly , then shrug ) if we know where he hide it . ( wave it away ) anyway , steal from he they would pick up the whole prison and shake it sideways . we could not hide it anywhere . max ( head bob now , murmur ) you know where it be ? billy what ? max ( a vague grin ) I know where it be . billy glance at he , not sure whether he hear . billy his money ? max give he a goofy nod - and a grin . imitating Robert Newton as Long John Silver . max ' dem that hide can find say I ' ... I see he , the clever tit , sneaking look at it late at night , talk to it . billy ( beginning to believe he ) yeah ? where ? max , distract , let 's he attention wander back . inaudible he head bob now . max hishradyo . billy Max - where ? max ( he mouth hang open , eye close ) his radio back of he open , radio ... he lurch over gently on the bunk . max that 's why he never play it ... max sleep . billy surprised , then reflective . CUT : the back of the radio be unscrewe ; the cover pull off . empty ! move to ziat . the look be as billy expect . horror , shock , anger , fear . ziat scream hysterically like old Greek widow and : beat he chest and tear at he hair , ziat run out of the kogus wail , moan . CUT : the second story kogus be be " control " by the guard . wide angle reveal a circus of clockwork destruction as the guard , make abundant noise , systematically rip up each bunk , locker , mattress , picture , book , etc. , they face flushed with this opportunity for orgy . CUT : the prisoner be line up in the courtyard , each one be body searched . prominent be max and billy , look up amused at the second story window - feather from a mattress fly around . ziat briefly appear , he face at the window , look at the prisoner in the yard , frustrated . hamidou break apart a with he bare hand . ziat be stripping max 's possession , sure he will find it here . voice ( off ) down here ! Ziat spring up . guard call out from the stair . guard we find it ! CUT : ziat lean in close , over the stove in the kitchen , frame by guard . it be the same crouch posture he always use to work the stove but now he eye show complete despair as he see : a thousand shred of paper money float in he pot amid he withere tea bag . from ash to ash and dust to dust . ziat fold he head into he hand , sobbing then wail very human , very sad . CUT : kitchen - negdir a arab , be now run the tea concession . a jolly ebullient man . pour a cup for max . several other be at the table . negdir ( heavily accented English ) ... he sell I tea business - everything . no the same . Ziat lose all ... ( make the gesture towards the heart and the gut , use the Arabic word ) heart ! soul ! max he never have one . negdir soon he go back street Istanbul . thousand enemy . no money . ( make throat cut gesture ) max I will drink to that . ( toast with the tea ) just as : ziat enter the kitchen ; he eye Max with hatred , sit at the other table and order tea . surprisingly , he be wear a suit and clean shirt - unlike he usual grimy appearance . billy , look shake , enter the kitchen , glance at ziat sit with max . billy just get some news on Bell . max what ? billy bad . send to the City Hospital . they rupture he hernia again . max ( grim ) oh shit . billy I guess he do not talk ... poor bastard . billy glance over at : ziat drink tea . billy and max billy why the suit ? max maybe he 's change job . voice ( off ) sayim ! sayim ! billy look over to see : hamidou and a dozen guard spread through the kogus , assemble everybody with shout of " sayim ! " CUT : the prisoner be line up in rank in the first floor kogus . billy glance at max next to he , wonder why . hamidou go down the line , he flunkies search each man . a guard reach into ziat be pocket and come out with a matchbox . yell to hamidou who come over . hamidou ( open the matchbox ) nebu ? matchbox contain a small amount of hashish . hamidou reach over and pull ziat out of the ' line roughly . hamidou nebu ? start to slap he around . billy glance at max . max ( worried ) what 's go on ? maybe Ziat can not pay off ; hamidou 's take it out in trade . hamidou smashes ziat again , but pull the punch . hamidou where do you get this hash ? raise he arm again . ziat ( cower , pretend fear ) from Max . Point at : max who stiffen , eye like crack egg . max ( under he breath ) you get to be kid . hamidou peer at max , advance . hamidou what 's happen with this hash ? indicate the matchbox in he hand . max I do not sell it to he . I do not have anything to do with this , I ... hamidou ( lean closer ) I know you face . where do you get the hash ? billy ( interrupt in turkish ) ) ( he know nothing about it . Ziat 's lie . hamidou ( turn on billy , in English ) you , goddamn you , shut up ! ( back to max ) take he to the cellar ) guard drag off . max get out of here ! he 's lie ! that cock -sucker ! billy ...? CUT : billy sit on he he anger building , he imagination run wild . CUT : max be drag down a corridor by he foot . a scream . billy CUT : bell , he feature distort , be carry into a ambulance . CUT : bell , max and billy at the wall , digging together , max hugging bell the time they find the shaft . CUT : max twist out of the grip of a guard and , grab the glass from he smashed spectacle , he cut deep into he wrist . guard grab he . a loud laugh off carry over . billy turn on he bunk to see : ziat joke with two guard as he enter the second story . the guard back down the stair . billy already in movement . ziat , in he suit , collect suitcase from he bunk , prepare to leave . voice ( off ) ziat ! turn and catch a fist in the side of the face . stagger into a bunk . billy , fist clench , yell a string of turkish curse word at he : billy asina covacim , ipnave pesankek ... yosakt . lunge . ziat be bulky , throw the smaller billy off and scramble past a bunk . billy be up and after he . jump back as a shiv cut the air in front of he . his side be cut . ziat hold the shiv , feint , cursing billy in turkish . billy skip back , take a mattress off the bed and run it right into knocking he and the whole bunk over . the two scramble around , billy tackle he into another bunk which also go over . chair break . ziat butt he head into billy jaw . billy stagger back from the blow and ziat jump he , biting into he ear . ziat , get a better hold , now bite into billy nose . billy slam ziat in the nose hard with the palm of he hand . ziat relinquish he hold , grab at he break bleed nose . billy beat he around the head but though the blood now flow and tooth be break , be like a clumsy bear , hard to kill . ziat scramble away on he knee under another bunk now scream as loud as he can . ziat help I ! guard ! help I ! several prisoner watch from further down the second story kogus now move in sync , turn on they radios loud as possible , drown out the cry for help , other watch the stair . billy take the bunk and throw it over , revealing ziat cower in pure terror . he grab ziat by the hair , haul he up and launch he knee into he face . ziat thud onto the floor . billy stomp he in the gut hard . ziat scream unnaturally shrill . billy , drive by supernatural anger , now jump on he and clamp he mouth right on ziat be open scream . a struggling kiss ensue . billy pull back , he mouth fill with blood , spitting out . a unidentified piece of flesh which bit the ground with a odd slow motion grace . ziat - close in terror ; throat cord rippling ; eye bulg with disbelief , body quivering , mouth open and scream , but it be a silent scream and the mouth be a dark hole fill with blood and without a tongue . billy , without a moment 's mercy , crash he fist into ziat be face . ziat he strength now break , collapse on he back . billy crash he fist again into the hate face . he be grabbed now by a guard , but : another angle - billy shake the guard off , then as another guard run up , billy slam he aside and , obsessed , lunge back down on ziat and both hand clamped together high in the air deliver a final blow to ziat be face . the bone shatter . pause . his ogre unconscious beneath he , billy , now in slow motion , extend he arm in the AIR - in the fighter 's victory gesture , and he eye glow with the fever in they , and with he mouth and face bloody , he look like a savage . no longer billy haye . sharp CUT : billy bound in a thick leather belt ( a kiyis ) which screw tightly around the waist and cinch the hand together , be be hauled in continue slow motion through a huge door somewhere in one of the cavernous corridor of the prison . the door be approximately nine feet by six feet , strong and wooden with a circular iron handle which one of the guard now pull open ; a glimpse of darkness within . the door close . superimpose : section 13 - asylum for the criminally insane a year later max , barely recognizable in a tear sheet and with a blacken face , come rush into a crowded room , scream louder than any other inmate . mark on he face , he be enraged , blood drip from scratch attendant in white smock chase he over the bed . Max be yell in turkish . max please , will you listen to I ? will someone please listen to I ? just listen to I ! attendant hamidou ! get hamidou ! get the kiyisl ! the attendant wrestle with he , but he throw they off , tear around the room mindlessly . in the process we see that not much attention be pay he because everybody else be crazy ! there be 50 other lunatics yell at each other in fight over sheet , blanket , bed , cigarettes , jump : scream , push , shove ; some babbling to themselves , rock , cry , chant , sing . several of they ( the craziest ) be stark naked . some , wrap in tear blacken sheet , patrol the room like quick ferret , sharp eye open for anything they can steal . other move in meaningless , blank - eye silence . the wall be filthy black and join the ceiling in arch rather than angle , give the look of a old dungeon . fifty bed be line up right next to each other so that you walk right into you bed . a constant nerve-rack noise . hamidou burst into the room , the angry look in he eye spelling real trouble for Max . move with he as he sweep sin on max and pick he up with one move and smashes he against the wall . Max hardly notice . another angle - hamidou take the leather kiyis from a attendant , move in on max and start clamping it around he . a attendant walk through the room with a apron contain several large pocket bulg with red , green , blue , white pill , which he distribute by the handful . attendant ( cry out ) hop ! hop ! hop ! full moon . hop ! hop ! hop ! the lunatics gobble they up as if they be candy . in some of the cluster area , nine lunatic occupy as little as three bed . max be tightly bound now by hamidou , but he body arch against the binding , he neck strain , he tooth snap at the air . hamidou grab he with one hand by the leather waist , haul he high up in the air and throws max half - way across the room , max smash heavily against some bed , continue to scream off as : the attendant with the pill - now bypass billy on one of the bed . attendant hop ! hop ! full Moon - take you pill ! billy gobbles they up . he have change . line in he face . no smile , no sense of humor ; a brood silence about he , a straight ahead look . he pay no attention to max off ; he be in grubby white pyjamas and shower sandal . roll back onto hi&amp ; bed with its filthy tear sheet , totally ignore the surround commotion , and another angle - turn onto he shoulder , billy suddenly find himself face to face with a dark sadden visage . the man be very young and stark naked but for a old black rag wrap around he head and clutch under he chin . his eye be yellow , the voice plead . young man cigare ? ( pause , same tone , hold out he palm ) cigare ? cigare ? billy shake he head sharply -- too sharply -- and bark , irritable . billy go away ! turn on he other shoulder , try to sleep . young man ( off ) cigare ? cigare ? young man in a surprisingly meek tone . young man s'il vous plait , monsieur ? s'il vous plait ? billy , really aggravate now , spring up from the bed , and in the quirky way the mad and the eccentric adopt walk determinedly away from the young man , look back to shake he head bizarrely at he one more time . another angle billy walk down the aisle bypass max int he kiyis , roll on the floor , still scream in turkish . max will you listen to I ? please listen to I ! several lunatics be gather around torment he , one of they yanking on he penis as if it be make of rubber ; another be play with he ass . a third one , also in a leather kiyis , be lean over max jabber and drool into he face . max , more enraged by this than the other bodily offence , lunge up sharply and bite the man 's face . scream , etc . billy , pay no attention except for a brief disinterested glance , keep go into : a second room . more lunatics . a scream old man be chase after another old man who have steal he tespe bead , wave they back at the first old man who howl with rage , frantic to have he bead back . the second old man throw the bead to a third old man who hop across the bed with the first old man chase he . billy intersect . old man ( plead ) Allah ! Allah ! yok ! yok ! yok ! brack ! a little nervous man stare into a break pocket mirror finger the large round carbuncle under he eye , try to rub it away with little grimace and flurry of nervous motion . two attendant in smock indifferently finish eat on a newspaper spread across one of the bed ; they shake out the paper . chicken bone , orange peel hit the floor . a flurry of movement , as the lunatics scuffle like rat over the leave - over . ad lib curse , yell . a old man obscenely gesture to billy from he bed . old man hey american . fik ! fick ! come . fik ! fik ! his blacken tooth leer . billy , seemingly immune to all of this in some private island of he own madness , walk in he determine way past a partition to : a circular stone staircase lead downward , the stone damp , dark , slippery . billy continue with the same straight - ahead determination to : a loner level . at last billy 's expression change to almost childish relief , for here at last be the refuge he seek the relative comfort and silence of the wheel . it be a grim , squat pillar dominate the room and bear the weight of the ceiling . and around it some sixty lunatics trudge slowly , near silently , in counter - clockwise flow . it be a hypnotic shuffle and billy blend right in , slide easily into the sluggish , mindless river , he eye hang loosely on the floor , watch : the soothing rhythm of feet shuffle at a comforting pace . this be the spoke of the wheel . CUT : two tiny bare light - bulb give faint , eerie illumination to the chamber . one one side , a pot-belly stove flicker , etching the shadow of the walker in a strange orange glow . some lunatics , not walk , hover around the stove . other be jamme onto a low l-shape wooden platform that run the length of two wall . of this man be naked , cover with open run sore over they knee , elbow , buttock . but they be much quieter than the upstairs crowd . they be the lowest order of mad . they have no mind leave . they be the damned . billy walk among they , expressionless . a tall , thin cadaverous turk with a grizzle beard now shuffles up alongside billy , look at he , walk with he . be about fifty , he pyjamas relatively clean , look more sane than the average but he eye be bright and scary and he wet hair be matte down on he head , and big clump of it have be pull out . he speak with a culture English accent . ahmet you be a american ? billy be interrupt but keep he eye on the ground . ahmet do not wait for a answer . ahmet ah yes , America ! my name be ahmet . I study philosophy at Harvard for many many year . but actually Oxford be my real alma mata - I have also study in Vienna . now I study here . billy do not notice , shuffles along . ahmet ... they put I here . they say I rape a little boy . I have be here very long time . they will never let I go . billy pay no attention , keep shuffle on . glance at he , smile . ahmet they will not let you go either . the smug certainty of he manner reach some chord deep inside billy , because billy glance briefly at this lunatic who be smile . billy look back at he foot . ahmet no , they will never let you go . they tell you they let you go but you stay . you never go from here . billy plod on . grin and try to explain the situation like a father lecture a child . ahmet you see we all come from a factory . sometimes the factory make bad machine that do not work . they put they here . the bad machine do not know they be bad machine , but the people at the factory know . they know one of the machine that do not work ... they walk on . ahmet 's expression change . ahmet ( polite ) I think we have speak enough for today . I say good night to you . he wrap he rag around himself quite carefully and we follow he out of the circle . he drop to he hand and knee and with a sense of dignity , crawl into the filthy blackness under the l-shape wooden platform , disappear like a cockroach . billy plod on . CUT : a old white - beard madman the hoja , grandiose in he rag , lead muslim prayer in the first room . some of he follower have prayer mat , other a scrap of sheet or newspaper ; they tone discordant , still push and shove at each other during the prayer . two spastic can not follow the routine of kneel and bend ; they tangle up absurdly and fall to the floor in a ball of arm and leg . a falaka stick poke billy wake SOUND of the chanting fill room . it be evidently impossible to distinguish night from day because there be no window . attendant poke the lunatics awake with they " club . attendant head count ! head count ! CUT : a Mass of lunatics in the room all at once . attendant take a redundant and comic head count . the place sound like a " yadi yadi room " the noise fearsome . another angle attendant # 1 sixty two , sixty three , sixty four .... attendant # 2 seventy four , seventy five , seventy six .. . get back there , you ! . . . seventy five , seventy six .... ) attendant poke around underneath a bed and pull out a very old tremble vegetable . other attendant wrap a old dead lunatic with no tooth and foam on he open lip into a dirty sheet and haul he away . billy amid the lunatics . we move closer and closer to he , the head count regress . the room have become a torture cell - the noise louder , louder , close in on billy . CUT : billy be lead down a corridor by hamidou into : a visiting room - cabin be line up like narrow wooden phone booth . hamidou kabin on - yedi billy plod without interest to the specify cabin , close the door , sit in the chair . no one be there . he wait - indifferent to any sense of time . dirty two glass pane separate visitor and prisoner booth ; bar be between the pane . a erratic microphone be the method of communication , give a weird and distant aspect to the voice . hamidou open a small peep-hole in the cabin door , look in unseen as : tee visitor door open and susan tentatively walk in hold a large photo album ; it take several moment for she to react , and then she face show the shock . billy stare at she , he face rabid , decaye ; if he remember she even , he do not register it because she be a shock to he as well . reality , the outside world all at once . his mind be spin , unbalance , unable to grasp it . susan ( off ) oh my God ...! susan susan billy , what have they do to you ... my God ! the microphone make she voice jarring , gag . she look silently . no sobbing , no big sad look . just shock . shock of recognition , shock of time go by . billy look at she , he eye move down to : billy p.o.v . - susan , she neck , she breast strain against the thin shirt . susan finger the photo album nervously , speak slow and distinct ; not sure she be communicate . susan ... billy , you family be fine . Senator Buckley just make a special plea on you behalf in the Senate . newsday have write several big article about you . they have call you a pawn in the poppy game between Nixon and the Turks . the letter be come in , billy . people care .... stop , shake she head . it sound all wrong in this context . billy be still stare at she breast . he have not see a woman for five year and now a hungry animal look come into he eye he move suddenly press up against the glass , rabid . and in turkish : billy ( in turkish ) take it off . take it off ! ( then remember the English ) take it off . take it off ! his voice be savage , demand . susan understand , startle . look around . susan billy - you will just make yourself crazy . billy billy take it off ! take it off ! ( suddenly in a very soft voice ) ... s'il vous plait ?... a strange look in he eye . susan slowly , scared , begin to unbutton she shirt . hamidou look on silently , do nothing . billy follow every movement with wild - eye lust . susan lean up close to the window . with both hand on the front of she blouse , she slowly draw it apart . billy go wild ! against the window . his hand down in he pyjamas . her breast spring free , quivering , full and ripe with a deep cleavage and hard dark nipple . they hang full and loose . full screen billy eye - full screen . billy beat on the window , work he mouth soundlessly . susan be shattered , scared of billy 's sanity . susan oh billy , billy , I wish I could make it better for you . please do not ... do not ... tear . fear . billy tighten dramatically and come right in he pants , slump against the window . susan realize he have come , surprised . billy look at she . furtive , animal shame . and suddenly he start to cry . a flood of feeling lock up too long come pour out . he murmur some word , turkish sound sputtering out in he throat , then : billy s.... Susan ? softly , work he mouth find it hard to speak . susan yearn . tear sprinkle she eye . susan yes , billy ? billy strain , not out of physical weakness but a emotional one . sputter , eye close . billy ... I love you .... it sound pathetic , lose . susan be work up to the limit , try to hug he through the window . susan oh billy ... billy ! do not give up . please do not give up . you will get out . I know you will ! remember something . grab the photo album with all she strength , hold it up for he to see through the glass . then remember herself , look around the room to make sure they be alone and in a contain voice : susan billy , you father give I this for you . there 's picture of you Mom and dad ... Rob ... peg ... billy look at it listlessly . he p.v.o - susan hold the album open to picture of he mother and father in front of the house , rob on a bicycle , peg in she cheer - lead outfit . susan and there 's picture in the back of you old Mr. Franklin . remember he ... from the bank ? a certain tone slip into she voice . susan he 's over in Greece now . he buy a ticket . billy look from the album to Susan . possibly there be a gleam of understanding in he eye but it be very faint . a attendant bang on Susan 's door , off . voice visit be over . susan quickly put the album away as if it be a hide weapon . susan I will give it to they for you . she button she blouse but she eye be worried , on billy . susan you be right billy do not count on they , you hear , do not count on anybody but yourself ! the attendant now swing open she door , annoyed . attendant let 's go ! Susan stand , about to go , then suddenly lean up close to the bar , hard and practical . susan ( quickly ) if you stay you will die billy ! get out of here . get to Greece , you hear I ?... billy ? pause . silence . she close she eye , in pain ; she do not think she have reach he . she turn to go , resign . billy look at she . behind he hamidou open the door . a calm and cun look on he face , glance with billy towards a brief glimpse of susan look back , the album under she arm . the door close . CUT : billy , with the same deaden expression as before , come down the stair towards the wheel . it be early morning and the walker have not start yet . billy look at the pillar a dire look of reflection pass over he eye . then he start walk but in a clockwise motion , opposite the normal pattern ; in the same methodical manner as before . another angle billy , on the inner track , pass two lunatics who be walk counter - clockwise . they glare at he , motion for he to turn around . billy just keep walk . billy intersect several more lunatics go counter - clockwise they motion for he to turn . lunatic ( grunt ) gower ! tries to block billy 's way , but billy shake he head , brushes by he - determine . ahmet slide up next to billy in he rag . ahmet good morning , my american friend ! there will be trouble if you go this way . a good Turk always walk to the right . Left be communist . right be good . you must go the other way ... it 's good . more lunatics join the flow , gesture or grunt at billy . billy stop , turn , look at the rest of they slogging in the usual direction , look as if he ' see ' they ; and he walk out of the wheel , towards the stair . ahmet curious about he unusual behavior , follow billy . ahmet why you go ? why do not you walk the wheel with we ? ( suspiciously lean forward , suddenly realize the answer ) the bad machine do not know he 's a bad machine . you still do not believe it ? you still do not believe you be a bad machine ? another angle billy stop and turn to look at ahmet at the base of the stair . billy carry on up the stair . ahmet ( shake he head ) to know oneself be to know God , my friend . the factory know . that 's why they put you here . you will see . you will find out . later on you will know . billy stop and turn to look at ahmet . his eye glint with special knowledge and he take ahmet into he confidence use the latter 's tone of voice : billy I already know . I know that you be a bad machine . that 's why the factory keep you here . ( lower 's voice ) you know how I know ? I know because I be from the factory . I make the machine .. I be here to spy on you . eye narrow . surprise . fear . he shuffles away . billy look at he and turn up the stair . CUT : billy in he bed . the usual uproar . the attendant come by with the pill , offer a handful to billy . attendant hop ! hop ! take ! he take they , put a few into he mouth , swallow . reflective , unsure . a radio play off blare suddenly with the U.S. armed force Station - janis joplin sing " take another piece of my heat now , baby " then it 's switch back to a turkish station , loud . billy rise . billy enter the toilet with the photo album tightly clutch under he arm . a dark stone room , very shadowy . pile of waste on the floor . a vacant -ey barefoot lunatic shuffles past billy who go to one of the four partition hole cut into the floor . another angle - billy squat over it and with he filthy long nail he start to slit open the back binder of the album Susan give he . flicker shadow . he look up absently . three lunatic face stare in at he through wooden slat , tongue hang out and drool - play with themselves - off . billy make a lunatic face and scream kick at the partition . billy aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!! the lunatics , petrify , scatter off but one lunatic skid in a puddle of urine and crash onto the tile howling . billy slit open the binder to reveal ten hundre dollar bill with picture of Mr. Franklin ' neatly insert . another angle billy have no particular expression on he face . reflective , stare at the money ; he look up . a large silhouette be move towards he . billy just watch , transfix , not try to hide the money . hamidou come into a faint light , look down at he ; glance at the money . shake he head gently . hamidou no do ! no do ! reaches for and : another angle - hamidou take the money from billy like candy from a baby , then take he by the ear and slowly lift he up . billy be like a vegetable in he hand . hamidou ( in he break English ) I tell you I see ' gain ... ( into turkish ) I take you down to bath and you foot be big like ... breast ( a gesture ) hamidou lead billy roughly out of the lunatic room , pull he by the ear . hamidou still pull billy by the ear , guide he through the guard quarter . hamidou lead he up a narrow wind flight of stair . hamido first you make mistake with Ziat , now you make mistake with money . you be not a new prisoner , vilyum hi-yes . the tone of he voice indicate a severe reckoning this time . hamidou pull billy by the ear into a large echoing bath . billy look , bent over by the ear - a hint of awareness of new surroundings . another angle - the bath be desert , spooky with greenish yellow fish light flitter down from hole in ceiling around damp mossy arch . steam rise off a bath . bench , bucket of water . hamidou swing billy around until he be face he . hamidou make a elaborate gesture of put aside he falaka stick and holster gun ; he will use he hand . hamidou ( shake he head ) you have be in prison too long , vilyum hi-yes . he take that : stiff arm all the way back to its full arc and whack billy up against the wall . billy bounce back off the wall . the print of hamidou 's finger be imbed like a flaring white rainbow in the redness of he leave cheek . slam - a backhand whack . billy bounce right back from the wall . steady he . hamidou you go crazy here vilyum hi-yes . many people go crazy here . best thing for crazy people be this ... the blow , in slow motion come sailing into : billy , and we see the brief boxer 's distortion of all he face as he fly upwards and back into : the bench smash it . echo like jarring f.x. billy be hold up by the pajamas , steady . the turkish word seem far away , incomprehensible . hamidou ( off ) vilyum hi-yes . you die here , hi - yes . whack - another blow , but : hamidou this time hold onto the pajamas use billy like a punch bag . whack - a reverse blow . hamidou increasingly excited . hamidou babba sikijam ! I fuck you mother , I fuck you sister ... whack - another blow in slow motion hamidou ... I fuck you father , I fuck you brother ... rip ! - a loud SOUND as hamidou move with a blur of speed , and shred billy 's pajamas with he hand . billy naked , totally passive , semiconscious . hamidou suddenly shift position and snap billy into a strenuous wrestle hold across he knee on the steamy floor . he loosen he up by crack he bone along he back . hamidou - sweat pour off he face , excited . hamidou ... and I fuck you grandmother and I fuck you pretty girlfriend ... and I fuck you hi-yes ! ) a bizarre otherworldly scene . this man be dredge billy through a sadistic imagination spark by the steam , the sweat , and a ethnic identification with a turkish steam bath as a bedroom . he loosen he hold abruptly , rise , move off as : billy hold himself on he knee , head sink on he chest , gasp for breath , about to vomit . pause ; he look up horrify at : hamidou pour fresh bucket of water on the floor . ssssssssss ! the awaken steam coil like a snake into every cranny of the little room . blurred visual - hamidou stripping he shirt off . a huge muscular flash of chest , a belt be snap open . billy wait . a figure move through the steam , closer . billy back away from it . steam - a glint of a face come through . hamidou - he eye so intense they seem to burn off the steam like sun cut haze . then disappear again . billy pull back . a pause . silence . cat and mouse . then very suddenly : a hand reach out of the steam and grab billy by the hair . a grunt , off . billy he eye move fast . a flash of a huge darken penis , fully erect cut forward into the steam like a from drill , detach from the rest of the body . a SOUND - grotesque and so sudden after the silence it jar the sense . a blurred visual then : billy launch forward in slow motion , desperation distorting he feature and : steam - then billy head slam through it in slow motion and : smashes the penis with its skull . a horrifying gasp . blurred visual - steam - hamidou staggering close - surprise , pain ... billy moving . a foot come up fast through the steam , connect again with the genitals . another scream . a body hit the tile . billy grop for the falaka stick . raise it . a struggle - two body thrashing , one of they scream now in pain . a definitive sound then a thwack ! another thwack ! the steam seem to clear and billy be on top of the gigantic hamidou smash he with the falaka stick with all he might . hamidou be in contortion , he nose bust and bleed . his hand grip billy by the neck , force he back and strangling he at the same time . billy be red in the face , such be the force of this creature but continue to beat he , harder , harder . his expression fill with a life energy , seed in hatred , that he think he have lose . again , again - billy babba sikijam , hamidu ! I fuck you mother , I fuck you daughter , I fuck you son , I fuck you wife ! the band slip from he throat , then spring up desperately again and clenches billy 's whole face with one gigantic palm , claw to get in , then just as quickly slip away . billy beat on - again , again . blood flow fast in agitate swirl into the little pool . CUT : billy open a door gently , move across a empty corridor , dress in and gun in intense . hamidou 's holster . large uniform with he he look shake , weak , falaka stick dizzy but voice ( off ) how about a shoe shine , friend ? billy start , clenches the falaka stick ready to spring , spin . a little shoeshine boy be he case down the corridor . billy have not see a child in a long time . get word out , then manage : surprise . can not get the word out , then manage : billy no ! the kid shrug , move on , look at billy strangely . billy go up a flight of stair . ahead , voice pass . he stop . go on . billy go through a empty guard quarter . billy be in another corridor , approach a SMALL portal , daylight at its edge . lock ? billy , tense , try it . it swing open on : daylight ! billy squint . adjusting to the harsh sensation . a istanbul STREET - traffic , sound . two guard approach the portal in the distance , drink soda pop . billy step back , straighten he clothes , step out briskly and at such a angle that the two guard do not notice he in the traffic as they enter the open portal . long shot - billy walk down the street , look back , almost bewilder , not quiet believe this . CUT : tight - railroad ticket be stamp . SOUND - SNAP . move up to ticket clerk behind a grill . voice ( off ) edirne to uzun kopru ? the clerk look puzzle . billy be on the other side of the grill . a ill-fitting new western style suit , a hat over he dyed black hair ; totally paranoid . he have not sleep in three day and the bruise from the hamidou beat now show clearly black and blue on he face . his eye be alert , darting around , he speech clipped and to the point . billy what 's the matter ? the clef !! shrug . clerk ' what be you crazy ? there 's no train anymore to uzun kopru , it would have to go through Greece . the border 's close . billy take by surprise . billy no train ? clerk ( off ) no more train . billy move off a small provincial railroad depot - day . he look at the : empty track - no ' midnight express ' . CUT : billy , tenser than ever , use the occasion of buy a newspaper at a outdoor stand to study : the MAIN square of the village ( edirne ) - day . soldier and police be abundant , chatter bustling amid tank and half - track . Mountains can be see in the far distance . billy camouflage he face as best he can in the newspaper " hurriyet " study : cabdriver in the Main Square . most of they be older , grizzle look stand next to they old batter dusty cab talk with stray soldier . billy 's eye settle on a younger driver with longish hair , possibly a ally . billy glance down at he newspaper as a soldier intersect and he expression go stony as he see : full color drawing ( first page ) of a ridiculously fierce heavy - muscle barechest man beat a facsimile of hamidou into the ground . next to it a blurry badly reproduce photograph of billy with a superimpose gun in he hand . you can not really tell it 's he . billy , control himself , crumple up the newspaper into a baton , he eye everywhere . be the darting a cross square . another angle - billy , intersect a policeman who glance at he , join the young cabdriver .. billy listen , I have swedish friend camp south of the town . I be suppose to meet they here this morning but I be late . can you take I there ? driver look at he neutral . driver you know where they be ? billy ( anxious to get in the cab ) sure . driver how far ? billy ( impatient ) about ten kilometer . driver sixty lira ? billy ( surprised ) sixty ? billy eye : approaching soldier . billy ( off ) okay . the driver , notice billy 's look at the soldier , get in the cab . billy climb into the back seat , feel already he have make a mistake . there be something too alert , too hard in this young driver . CUT : billy p.o.v . - the mountain as they roll in the taxi . forest - field . interior taxi billy that mountain ? be they ? driver ( Greece ( shake he head ) very bad now . maybe war . that Greek pig try to steal cyprus again ( pause ) ) how would you lose you friend ? billy lean back in he seat , casual . billy oh , I drank a lot of raka last night in Istanbul . get into a fight . indicate the bruise on he face . driver look at he in the rear view mirror . his curiosity narrowing . driver how come you speak turkish so good ? billy casually glance out the window . billy do twenty month in prison in Istanbul . hash the driver study billy in the rear-view mirror . then : driver you want to score some ? cheap ? billy look at he hard . something 's wrong with this man . billy ( curt ) no ! cut off further conversation , he look out at : the mountain of Greece - with long . billy stare back at : the driver whose eye now move away from the rear-view mirror under the pressure of the stare . SOUND off loud machinery . billy turn - in rear window , we see a turkish halftrack pull alongside the cab , soldier wave they arm for the cabdriver to get out of the way . another angle - the halftrack pull level . the cabdriver slow down , with a curse . billy - bead of sweat trickle he brow the personnel carrier , disinterested , pull past . billy breathes heavily with nervous relief . CUT : the cab pull up to the end of a dirt road . billy have he map out , study it . billy the maritas River ? where be it ? another angle - the driver , exasperate , wave southwest . driver two mile ! minefields over there . do you know where this campground be or not ? billy not far . just a little way . driver no ! I be not go any further ! it will wreck my car . billy I will pay extra driver how much ? another angle - billy slip he fifty lira . the driver take it , mutter under he breath , jam the cab into gear . the cab follow rutte track into low hill . interior cab - very bumpy . billy where be the minefield ? driver all over . turkish Army up there . it 's against the law . they shoot we . ( look up in the mirror ) you sure you look for you friend , man ? billy ( very sharp now ) ( very sharp now ) okay ! ley I out right here . I be get tired of all this bullshit from you . I will walk it . driver ( look back , then ahead , suddenly brighten ) ah , look ! they probably know where the camper be billy 's entire expression change . it be all over . a tank and halftrack be sit there by the rutte track , with soldier . and a little lean - to with several police . also a couple of attack dog on leash . the Driver honk he horn on the approach . another angle driver hey officer , we be look for the campground . do you know where it be ? another angle - two policemen and a soldier come saunter over , they collar open , beer bottle in hand , slightly drunk . policeman ( curt ) you be not suppose to be here driver ( indicate billy ) he 's a tourist , what do you want , he say he 's look for friend at the campground . first policeman glance billy policeman campground ? ( shrug ) never hear of one . driver see any swedish foreigner in a camper - bus ? second policeman meanwhile ease he arm down on the OPEN window bring billy into foreground . the cop be mouth be open and exhaling a wave of beer breath over - billy . billy p.o.v . - Beer face focus past he to soldier at tank read " hurriyet " - the picture of billy on page one , spread for all to see . Beer face noldu ? driver turn around to address he . driver see any foreigner in a camper bus ? soldier circle the cab from the other side . billy motion to the driver . billy okay , they have not see he , let 's go back to town , it 's get late . the driver ignore it . call out again , louder to Beer face . driver foreigner ! kamper . volkswagen billy rigid . this asshole of a driver ! Beer face glance at billy , pull he head out the window . look down the road . take a sip of beer . soldier , disinterested , move back towards the tank . Beer face look in the other direction down the road , burp . very conscious of he authority , shake he head without look at the driver . move away . billy nudge the driver . billy okay , let 's go . the driver impatiently turn and look straight at billy , aware of he anxiety . driver be no volkswagen , man ! something wrong with you ? billy harden . driver call out . Beer face turn . driver lean out the window . driver this guy 's fishy ... I think he might be try to get to Greece . billy look around fast . Beer face start back lazily , half drunk , with the other policeman Beer face huh ? driver driver I do not know , there 's his eye grow big suddenly as he see the barrel of hamidou 's revolver right in his cheek . billy all business , very quiet . billy get out -- right now , move ! beer-face advance look puzzle , think he see something , then crouch as : driver get out the door crouching , yell . driver he 's get a gun ! billy fire shot off to distract they have climb over the front seat , jam the cab into gear . it stall ! again he try , and now shoot off . the cab roar past the roadblock . the cop and soldier , scattered by the shot , now scream at each other . they run . shot be fire . billy gun the cab down the road , fly . cloud of dust trail the cab . the tank start to roll after it . full speed . the halftrack follow , the men riding it shouting . billy look back , then look ahead see something . p.o.v - a speck in the far distance . another roadblock . billy decide , then - the cab swerve right off the road and jump into the gently roll field on the border of the road , pock mark with hill . the turk come roaring down the road , point to the cab . low angle - the tank make a flat out stop , gear grind . the gun turret swing leave . the cab in the far distance , at a angle to the tank , start run up a incline . the tank fire . p.o.v . - shell blast wide of the cab . billy , startle , look back , gun for the top of the incline . he p.o.v . - another shell now blast to he front right , closer . something heavy ( shrapnel ) thud into the rood of the cab . billy drive all out . p.o.v . - the incline closer , closer , about to make it , then : a blast tank p.o.v. - the cab spin in the blast of the adjacent shell - burst . billy , shake but unhurt , stagger out of the cab , look : p.o.v . - a wheel blasted away , fuel pissing out from the shrapnel hole , smashed windshield and fender . the turk be come up the incline now , like the cavalry -- some on foot run , other on the halftrack . bullet whistle and pop nearby . billy run . he tear off he jacket . soldier pass the wreck car , at the top of the incline shouting , point and fire at billy in the distance . one soldier seem lighter than the other and take off in a sprint as the other follow . the halftrack now crest the incline and gather full gear and momentum , roar off down the slope after billy . close billy run sweat all over he . in background , the halftrack and run figure . billy run into a high dry cornfield with the sun start to set ahead of he in the Greek mountain . mountain - must make that mountain . billy run all out - eye fix on they , breathe , skip heartbeat . the personnel carrier bypass the fast soldier who slow down , panting . billy have outrun he . other soldier run up in the distance . billy , tireless , obsessed , run right into a poppy field . it be a splendid beautiful scarlet red , set off by the dip ray of the sun . he feet smash down the poppy plant . fast - thuck ! thuck ! thuck ! thuck ! thuck ! thuck ! crosscut the metal tread of the halftrack into the poppy , mow down entire row . two soldier on the personnel carrier be wave encouragement to the driver inside . they have he . another angle the halftrack close the distance on billy now thirty yard apart . billy look back , start to fade . huge wheeze gasp of breath . soldier run up look at the halftrack in the distance . soldier yell . soldier minefield ! minefield ! come back ! stop ! ( no subtitle ) billy run out of the poppy field into a thin forest . the soldier scream in the distance , jump up and down wave for the halftrack to come back . low angle - the halftrack with the wave soldier on board now blast out of the poppy field at full speed . billy -- he have no chance , in immediate background be the fast halftrack . one soldier on the halftrack now look back to the shout of he comrade . confused . turn bout back to yell something and : enormous explosion the halftrack disintegrate in a tank landmine . billy throw to the ground by the force of the blast , look back , gasp ! a burning wreckage . Black spiral of smoke . secondary explosion . billy stumble up . a gash of blood be on he temple but he do not know it or feel it such be he stress . he run on , shot whistling towards he from the poppy field . turkish officer scream angrily at billy , cursing , shaking he fist at the sky . billy , in the forest , be totally out of breath and out of eyesight of the pursuer . he stop against a tree . frog sound . the gurgle of water . muddy ground . he look : the maritas river rush ahead . a strong current . billy peel off all he clothing except he pants , not delay one more moment . he feel he must keep go . and he 's right . dog be bark off . a snarling attack dog be tear through the minefield , fast , ahead of the other . billy look , see it . thirty yard - the huge dog come right at he ! billy run for the edge of the bank and plunge in . the attack dog sprint up to the edge of the river bank and without a moment 's hesitation , plunge right in after he . billy lash into the current with a fierce breast stroke , be sweep downstream kick futilely . the dog , its jaw open and clack , be also sweep down river . billy go under , come back up - fight , still fight . the dog struggle sail past as billy haul himself out of the river , go in a circle , dizzy . Falls . struggle up again . look back . must keep go . must . the base of ' mountain - hilly , rugge . billy run , drag , run again . he be a lamentable sight - naked except for rip wet pants , barefoot , bleed , muddy . dimly he make out : a farmhouse - twilight . some cow , goat , chicken . no sign of people . billy stagger towards it . wear something . a root SOUND . stop . something familiar about it . a family of pig snort and root in the mud , little piglet run around . billy stagger towards they , mutter to himself . billy Pigs ...! Pigs ...! then yell in the recognition of it billy Pigs ... you ... beautiful ... billy billy fall to he knee in the confine pen ; the pig run around squealing . try to reach out for one of they , he fall face first into the mud and lie there . pause . a wooden door squeak open off . billy slowly turn he muddy eye over he shoulder . billy p.o.v . - two soldier , khaki-colored uniform , helmet , olive face , mustaches , approach cautiously from the farmhouse , rifle ready . follow they be a old farmer , further behind in the doorway be he wife and child . billy mutter to himself , in turkish . billy Greek ?... Greek ?... the soldier approach close , stand above this strange figure , look at each other . soldier ti leei ? ( what be he say ? ) 2 nd soldier mou fainetai san toupkika ( it sound like turkish ) billy with dimming strength . billy the farmer understand , make a vigorous nod of he head . farmer malisee ... ellada ! ( ah , yes ... Greece ! ) CUT : car door slam shut - and billy , he movement still weak , move a few step from the car and stop . subtitle : october 24 , 1975 - babylon , long island framing billy be susan and he father , both silent . they look with he at he sister , brother , uncle , aunt , sister -in-law family friend - and grandmother , all on the porch of the ordinary house in babylon , long island - day ; all of they return he gaze in that first silent moment . curiosity . recognition . shock. Love . and then they move . but we do not hear they movement . it be soundless reunion ; the sister run out first in slow motion , the mother follow last , cry ; the grandmother too infirm to move , the shaking she head from side to side in slow motion , she tear lose somewhere in the wrinkle of she face . billy surround by family - slow motion - soundless . his eye flooding . all the feeling in he . and deep inside - a solitary question . epilogue black screen - superimpose : the character name bell be still inside . as be : ( roll the list of name ) and over this , the SOUND of a passing train rush by in the night - up , fast and away . ( getchmis olsun ) the end