midnight in paris written by Woody Allen montage - Pov shot of paris set to music we hear voice over - gil and inez , a young couple of Americans , engage to be marry as we shall learn . ( Standard location be list here but they will be determine later when we location scout . Music . ext . monet' garden - day 1 1 gil ( v.o . ) this be unbelievable - look at this . there 's no city like this in the world . there never be . inez ( v.o . ) it 's become so touristy . gil ( v.o . ) well that 's just the awful era we live in but can you just imagine what this be like before - but even with all the fast food joint and the traffic - god , you just can not imagine what it be like year ago . inez ( v.o . ) well you like city . gil ( v.o . ) I really do - I love city - I love big city with all the crowd and all the action . ( have see a panoramic view of let we say the champ elysee we embark on a montage of the city . the comment offer above and follow be a approximation of what the actor feel . ) CUT to : ext . tbd - day 2 2 gil ( v.o . ) look at this place - the street - the boulevard . inez ( v.o . ) you act like you have never be here before . 2 contd : 2 2 gil ( v.o . ) I do not get here often enough be the problem . every once in a while for a few day be nothing - my biggest regret be that I do not settle here the first time I come . I should have go with my instinct . inez ( v.o . ) I admit it 's pretty but so be so many other place I have visit . gil if I would have stay the first time I come by now I would be a parisian . inez ( v.o . ) starve . CUT to : ext . tbd - day 3 3 ( pause here for third dialogue exchange ) gil ( v.o. ) I be think of a painting by pisarro I have see of Paris in the rain . can you picture how drop dead gorgeous this city be in the rain ? imagine this town in the twenty - Paris in the twenty - in the rain - the artist and writer - I be bear too late . why do God deliver I into the world in the 1970' and in pasadena yet . inez ( v.o . ) why do every city have to be in the rain ? what 's wonderful about get wet ? gil ( v.o. ) it 's romantic . inez ( v.o . ) it 's annoying . 3 contd : 3 3 gil ( v.o. ) or Paris when it 's just get dark - the light go on - or at night - it 's great at night - or no , sunset on the champ elysee - gil ( v.o. ) could you ever think of we move here after we be marry ? CUT to : ext . tbd - day 4 4 inez ( v.o . ) oh god , no . I could never live out of the United States . and if I could it would be someplace totally different . gil ( v.o. ) like ? inez ( v.o . ) I do not know , Hawaii . gil ( v.o. ) Hawaii be America . inez ( v.o . ) yes but it 's - Hawaiian . gil ( v.o. ) if I have stay here and write novel and not get into grind out movie script . inez ( v.o . ) right , and become rich and successful . tell I the sad story . gil ( v.o. ) but this be where all the artist come to live , to work - the writer , the painter . inez ( v.o . ) that be ninety year ago . 4 contd : 4 4 gil ( v.o. ) Boy , I would drop the house in beverly Hills , the pool , everything - in a heartbeat . look - this be where Monet live and paint - we be thirty minute from town . imagine the two of we settling here . if my book turn out we could do it - you could just as easily make jewelry here . CUT to : ext . monet' garden - day 5 5 inez ( v.o . ) you be in love with a fantasy . now we CUT around and see gil and inez live . gil I be in love with you . ( kiss ) CUT to : int / ext . HOTEL lobby - day 6 6 gil and inez enter lobby of hotel they be all at . in the lobby they be await by she parent , JOHN and helen blair . JOHN there be we sight - seer . inez if I never see another charming boulevard or bistro - gil what a town . helen to visit . gil I could easily see myself as a parisien - strolling the Left Bank - a baguette under my arm - finish my novel - at a table at the Cafe flore . a moveable feast - hemingway call it . 5 contd : 6 6 helen in this traffic nothing move . gil well yes it be different then . JOHN can we continue this talk of moveable feast at Grand vefour because I be starve . gil Americans eat dinner so early . JOHN and I be proud of it . CUT to : int . grand vefour restaurant - night 7 7 helen ( lift wine glass ) a toast to John 's new business venture here . JOHN well I will be perfectly frank - I be excited over this corporate merger between we people and the french company but otherwise I be not a big francophile . helen John hate they politics . JOHN they have certainly be no friend to the united States . gil ( amiably ) you can not say they be not right in not back Bush 's moronic war in Iraq . inez please let 's not get into that discussion yet again ? 6 contd : 7 7 gil there 's nothing wrong with you father and I disagreeing . that 's what democracy be . you father defend the right wing of the Republican party and I happen to think they represent sub-mental neanderthals . but we respect each other 's view - be I right ? ( this last direct at John get no enthusiasm but a cold look from he ) helen can we discuss the wedding plan ? you father 's use he good office with the opera to get some of the singer to attend and sing . I think puccini would be nice . inez be not that great gil ? gil just no wagner . when she walk down the aisle not the ride of the valkyry . hey look , I just want to say that I be politically bipartisan in that , in my view , to be a politician of any party one must of necessity be a whore . inez gil . just then another young couple pass the table and recognize inez . paul and carol bate . paul inez . inez Paul ! Carol - ( ad -lib introduction ) Paul and Carol bate - Mom , dad , you know gil - you do not mention you would be here . carol it be sudden . Paul get invite to lecture at the sorbonne . 7 contd : ( 2 ) 7 7 inez oh - how terrific . dad 's here on business and we free-loaded along . paul it 's great . we can spend some time together . gil do not we have a lot of commitment ? inez what ? carol what be you do tomorrow ? we be drive to versaille . inez I be die to see versaille . gil do not we have something tomorrow ? we be go to have lunch at the brasserie lipp . my old professor once actually see James Joyce there . he say Joyce be eat sauerkraut and frankfurters . ( silent pause ) inez be that the end of the story ? gil it be actually - inez we would love to go with you guy . versaille be beautiful - I have to see it gil - it 's perfect for you with you obsession with " les temp perdus " · gil yes - but - paul it 's such a lovely treat run into you here . a demain . CUT to : 8 int . HOTEL suite - night 8 8 inez ( as they do they nocturnal ablution ) I hope you be not go to be as anti-social tomorrow when we go to versaille . gil how be I anti-social ? inez it be so clear you do not want to go . gil well they be you friend and I can not say I be as take with he as you be . inez he 's brilliant . I use to have such a crush on he at college . and Carol 's very bright . gil I find he a pseudo-intellectual . inez I hardly think the sorbo nne would have he lecture if he 's a pseudo - intellectual . you should give he you novel to read . I be sure he would be able to critique you write and show you why you be have so much trouble . gil I be have trouble because I be a Hollywood hack who never give actual literature a real shot . inez ( say with she usual seductiveness ) gil , promise I if this book do not come off you will give up beat you brain out and get back to what you do best . ( more ) 9 contd : 8 8 inez ( cont would ) the studio adore you - you be in demand - I do not think you want to trade everything just to struggle . CUT to : ext . versaille - day 9 9 next day . the two couple be there and Paul wax pedantically as they tour the grounds or inside . paul I believe Louis move he court here in about 1682 - originally this be all swamp land - in fact , if I be not mistaken , in old french the word versaille mean something like " terrain where the weed have be pull " . the main structure be french classical style at its height - the work , I believe of Louis Le vau , I think mansart and Charles lebrun I believe ··· CUT to : ext . versaille / picturesque spot / garden - day 10 10 inez I think I could get use to a summer home like this . paul I too except , remember , in that day they only have bath and I be definitely a shower man . carol where be you two plan to live after the wedding ? inez we be look in malibu . we love where you live . gil I keep try to talk she into a little attic with a skylight in Paris - 10 contd : 10 10 carol La boheme . paul all that 's miss be tuberculosis . inez he do not even know if he can write a novel . so far you track record 's - you know - whereas , everyone like you movie - gil yes movie script be easier . inez tell they about the lead character in the book you be work on . gil I do not like to discuss my work . inez not the plot , just the lead character . he work in a nostalgia shop . carol what 's a nostalgia shop ? paul not one of that store that sell shirley Temple doll and old radio ? I never know who busy that stuff - who would want it . inez ( pointedly ) people who live in the past . who think they life would have be happier if they live in a earlier time . paul and just what era would you have prefer to live in , miniver cheevy ? inez ( teasing gil ) Paris in the twenty - in the rain - when the rain be not acid rain . 11 10 10 contd : ( 2 ) paul I see . and no global warming , no tv or suicide bombing , nuclear weapon , drug cartel . carol the usual menu of cliched horror storey . paul nostalgia be denial . denial of the painful present . inez he 's a romantic . gil would be just fine live in a perpetual state of denial . paul the name for this fallacy be call , Golden Age think . inez touche . paul the erroneous notion that a different time period be better than the one , one 's live in . it 's a flaw in the romantic imagination of that who find cope with the present too difficult . CUT to : ext . chopard / place vendome - day 11 11 helen it 's definitely the nicest ring we have see . inez I love a diamond wedding band . the way it sparkle they will see it in the last row when he put it on my finger . helen this be go to be such a event , inez . I only wish - 12 contd : 11 11 inez ( cut she off ) I do not want to keep go over it , Mom . helen look , he 's you choice . what can I say ? inez gil 's smart and successful . helen and yet he talk of g 1.v1.ng it up and move here . that frighten I . inez the world be full of people who dream of write the great american novel . let I handle he . helen you be father think you be comfortable with gil because you can control he . inez he like to please I - be that so terrible ? oh gosh - I have to go - Paul arrange a private tour of the rodin Museum . CUT to : omitted 12 12 ext . rodin museum garden - day 13 13 Paul , Carol , gil and inez get guide tour . guide speak french and mostly English - as she feel . guide this be , of course , rodin 's most famous statue . a cast of this work be place next to he tomb . rodin wish for it to serve as he headstone and epitaph . 13 contd : 13 13 paul that would be in meudon . he die of the flu if I be not mistaken - 1917 I believe . guide exactly correct . you know you art history , monsieur . the design - paul ( cut she off ) the thinker be so powerful because he think not just with he brain - he think with every limb and muscle - you feel the concentration . inez ( to gil ) he 's so knowledgeable , be not he ? paul so much of rodin 's work be influence by he wife , Camille . guide yes , she be a influence - though Camille be not the wife but he mistress . paul Camille ? no. guide yes . Rose be the wife . paul he never marry Rose . guide yes , in the last year of they life . paul I think you be mistaken . carol be you argue with the guide ? paul be . I 14 13 contd : ( 2 ) 13 guide ah , non , non , je suis certaine . gil I be afraid she 's right . I just read the recent two volume biography of rodin - Rose be definitely the wife , Camille the mistress . paul you read that ? where do you read that ? gil I do - no question . Camille - Rose . inez do not forget , dad invite you to join we at a wine taste tonight . carol it will be so fun . Paul 's a expert on french wine . inez ( walk with gil ) when do you read the biography of rodin ? gil I ? why would I read a biography of rodin ? CUT to : ext . wine tasting - evening 14 14 inez already a little high . her parent have fun . gil be also feel it by now . inez ( taste ) I can not tell the difference . they be both delicious . JOHN take it easy inez . that little sip add up . 15 contd : 14 14 helen you should talk , John - especially for someone who once advocate the boycott of french wine . JOHN I will always take a California wine but the Napa Valley be six thousand mile away . they laugh and drink . inez ( to gil ) which do you prefer ? gil to I they be all great . what the hell do I know ? inez I do not think I have ever see you cheek so red . gil pheromone , it 's you pheromone . Paul and Carol have amble over , have hear gil 's last amorous remark . paul ah yes - sex and alcohol - it fuel the desire but kill the performance - accord to the bard . carol have you taste the ' 61 ? it 's divine - though Paul find it - what ? paul slightly more tannic than the ' 59 . I prefer a smoky feel to a fruity feel , do not you agree ? gil you will admit she 's a sexy woman . paul this I have know for many year . you be a very lucky man . ( toast ) ( more ) 16 14 14 contd : ( 2 ) paul ( cont ' d ) May you make the transition from movie to literature and may you book glorify all the shirley Temple doll and Charlie chaplin wristwatch that make we nostalgic for a allegedly once simpler , more charming world . gil ( a bit high ) to the little green heinz pickle pin . CUT to : ext . wine tasting / STREET - night 15 15 paul Carol and I be go to go dance - we hear of a great place . interested ? inez sure . gil I do not want to be a party pooper but I just want fresh air . inez oh come on - although if you be just go to sit there and obsess over where the fire exit be . carol if gil do not want to go , I will share Paul with you . I be very democratic . and he 's a marvelous dancer . gil if it 's okay with you , I would really just like a little walk and go to bed . we can do it another night . inez well I can go , right ? gil you go ? 17 canto : 15 15 inez I be not tired and I be die to dance . I will just meet you back at the hotel . paul I will take good care of she . gil I - I - guess so ··· CUT to : int . taxi - night 16 16 the three be have a fine time . inez be not it great we be all on holiday at the same time . carol back home we just join a marvelous tennis club and Paul say you play . do gil ? inez I can not introduce he to tennis - daddy 's have the damndest time pressure he to learn golf . paul be he a good writer ? have you read he prose ? inez he will not let anybody - paul if he want I would be glad to go over he novel and critique it for he . inez that 's what he need , to have it read by someone who really know and would not pull any punch . the problem be - when it come to he write he have no respect for anyone 's opinion . CUT to : 18 ext . STREET - night 17 17 gil walk street , obviously lose . ext . lovely spot - night 18 18 gil wander . eventually he be at a lovely spot . perhaps by the river , the bridge - or somewhere else but he 's just wander lose . finally he look at he watch . either by he watch or a nearby building clock , the hand move to exactly midnight . perhaps midnight chime somewhere . at precisely that moment a car happen to pull up along side he . Inside be two men and two woman - elegant - they have champagne and glass and they pour from the open bottle and drink happily . doug come on - get in . gil huh ? DENISE ( speak with french accent ) let 's go , we be late . gil you have the wrong person . DENISE mais non , pas de tout - allez montez - gil look , I be a little drunk - doug c'mon - for god 's sake - we can not sit here all night . gil this be a great old peugeot . I have a friend in beverly Hills who have the same one - he collect - DENISE let 's go . ( drag he in ) we have so many party to go to . 19 18 contd : 18 gil what party ? doug a venez - la prochain gauche . DENISE here - you need some champagne - gil get in . they shut door and pull off . CUT to : int / ext . car - night 19 19 gil where be we go ? phil 36 rue de ( tbd address ) and let hurry . gil it 's not fair - my head be swim from wine . DENISE ( refilling glass of champagne ) prenez du champagne - detendez- vous un peu . gil I do like champagne . DENISE the night be young - drink up , drink up , drink up . gil I be drink up . he drink , befuddle . CUT to : 20 ext . left bank STREET - night 20 20 car pull up at some great old street . they all get out and take he inside to a party in progress . CUT to : int . party - night 21 21 there be a mixture of elegant plus bohemian type . in the background a man sit at the piano sing a Cole porter tune . gil look at the reveler . a few cut . Music play . finally a woman come over to gil . zelda ( glass in hand drink ) you look lose . gil you be american . zelda if you count Alabama as America which I do . I miss the bathtub gin . what do you do ? gil oh I - I be a writer . zelda what do you write ? gil right now I be work on a novel . zelda oh yes ? I be Zelda by the way . oh Scott - Scott come over here . here 's a writer from , where ? gil California . scott ( Scott join ) Scott fitzgerald , and who be you old sport ? gil I be gil Pen - oh you two have the same name as - 21 contd : 21 21 scott as what ? gil Scott fitzgerald and - scott ( drink ) Scott and Zelda fitzgerald . the fitzgeralds . be not she beautiful ? gil yes - its a coincidence . I mean it be a funny coincidence . zelda you have a glaze look in you eye . stun , stupefy , anesthetize , lobotomize - gil I - I - I keep think that man at the piano - believe it or not I recognize he face from some old sheet music - what be I talk about here ? zelda I know if I put my mind to it I could be one of the great writer of musical lyric not that I can write melody - and I try - and then I hear the song he write and I realize I will never write a great lyric and that my talent really lie in drink . gil yes but - he do not write that song - do he ? that 's not possible - scott what kind of book do you write ? gil I - I - I - I be - I be work on a - exactly where be I ? scott I be sorry - do not you know the host ? some friend have get together a little party for Jean Cocteau . 22 contd : ( 2 ) 21 21 gil ( look around , drink it in ) hey lady , be you kid I ? zelda I know what you be think - this be boring - I agree - I be ready to move on - let 's do bricktop 's , Scott , I be bored , he 's bored , we be all bored . scott whatever you say , sweetheart . see if Cole and Linda want to come with . come ? gil stare open mouth . CUT to : int / ext . car - night 22 22 shot of group ( gil , Cole porter , fitzgeralds ) pile into period open top car tear down a parisian street . ( note : we can include denise and Doug or phil if we want ) CUT to : int . bricktop be club - night 23 23 the group be watch someone like josephine Baker . gil be stunne by it all . the fitzgerald 's drink a lot . CUT to : ext . cafe # 3 - night a24 a24 Group enter cafe . int . cafe # 3 - night 24 24 a little late night cafe , very bohemian . Scott , Zelda and gil enter , the group have thin out . the fitzgeralds drink a lot . zelda Une bouteille de bourbon . 23 contd : 24 24 scott ( stop at another table ) greeting and salutation . you will forgive I - I have be mixing grain and grappa ··· this be gil - gil ? yes , gil . gil gil pender . hemingway hemingway . gil hemingway ? hey , be this some kind of a - hemingway you like my book ? gil like - I love - everything you write - hemingway yes it be a good book because it be a honest book and that 's what war do to man and there 's nothing fine and noble about die in the mud unless you die gracefully and then it 's not only noble but brave . gil Ernest hemingway - this be - I - hemingway ( introduce he drink partner ) say hello to pender - the bull in the ring do not frighten belmonte - he 's kill many brave one . Fine brave bull . gil I be sure - good bull , true bull ··· hemingway why be you smile ? 24 contd : ( 2 ) 24 24 scott ( drink ) in New York you can not buy this - it can only be make in a bathtub - and some of the bathtub mixture be damn good - ( to Zelda ) be not that so ? she prefer she hootch from a homemade still - more kick . zelda ( to hemingway ) do you read my story ? what do you think ? hemingway it begin well - really well - then it become weak . zelda I might have know you would hate it . scott darling you be too sensitive . zelda you like the story but he hate I . hemingway there be some fine write but it be not fulfil . scott please old sport - you make matter extremely difficult . zelda I be jumpy - suddenly I do not like the atmosphere here anymore . ( to belmonte ) where be you go ? juan belmonte para reunirse con amigo en el St. germain ... zelda he 's go to St. germain . I be go with he . 25 contd : ( 3 ) 24 24 scott Zelda - zelda if you be go to stay and drink with he I be go with the toreador . scott ( to a polite belmonte ) get she back at a reasonable time . they go . hemingway she will drive you crazy , this woman . scott she 's exciting - and she have talent . hemingway this month it 's write , last month it be something else . you be a writer - you need time to write - not all this play around - she 's waste you - because she 's really a competitor - do not you agree ? gil I ? I just meet - hemingway speak up for Christ 's sake . I be ask you if you think my friend be make a tragic mistake . gil actually I do not know the fitzgeralds that well - hemingway you be a writer - you make observation - you be with they all night . scott can we not discuss my personal life in public ? 26 24 24 contd : ( 4 ) hemingway she have he on yacht , at party , jump into swim pool you be waste you talent . scott you do not understand she . hemingway ( to gil ) she 's jealous of he gift and it 's a damn fine gift . it 's rare . you like he work ? you can speak freely . scott stop it . hemingway you like Mark twain ? gil I do - very much . scott I be go to find Zelda . I do not like the think of she with the Spaniard . ( stumble out ) hemingway he 's a fine writer , fitzgerald . you box ? gil no . hemingway what be you write ? gil a novel . hemingway about what ? gil a man who work in a nostalgia shop . hemingway what the hell 's a nostalgia shop ? 27 contd : ( 5 ) 24 24 gil where they sell old thing - memorabilia . do that sound terrible to you ? hemingway no subject be terrible if the story be true . if the prose be clean and honest and if it affirm courage and grace under pressure . gil would you do I the biggest favor in the world - I can not even ask ··· hemingway what ? gil would you read it ? hemingway you novel ? gil it 's only about four hundred page - if you could just give I you opinion . hemingway my opinion be I hate it . gil you do ? hemingway if it 's bad I will hate it because I hate bad write and if it 's good I will be envious and hate it all the more . you do not want the opinion of another writer . gil but there 's no one I really trust to evaluate it - hemingway writer be competitive . gil I could never compete with you - 28 contd : ( 6 ) 24 24 hemingway you be too self - efface - it 's not manly . if you be a writer , declare yourself the best writer - but you be not the best as long as I be around . unless you want to put the glove on and settle it . gil no - no - that 's okay - hemingway I will not read you novel but I will tell you what I will do . gil yes ? hemingway I will bring it over to gertrude stein . she 's the only one I trust to read my work . no one discover new talent like gert - whether it 's poetry , painting , music - she will tell you if you have a book or not . gil you could have gertrude stein read my novel ? hemingway give it to I . gil I have to get it . it 's at the hotel . hemingway she get back from Spain tomorrow . gil ( rise ) I be so thrilled - my heart be beat . I will go home and get it - I will give it to you - I can not tell you what this mean to I . to have gertrude stein read my novel - thank you , thank you - he exit the place . 29 ext . cafe # 3 - night 25 25 gil calm yourself - get a grip , gil - deep breath - be quite a night - fitzgerald - hemingway - the hemingway - papa - where do I meet he - he never say . gil go to return to the cafe - he can not find the door , nor the club facade . it 's go . we be in the present and he search the wall of a facade where he come out but he be in despair over the fact he can not find it . CUT to : int . HOTEL suite - day 26 26 next morning . gil and inez probably dress . inez lucky you do not go last night . you would have hate the music and the crowd - but I have fun . gil uh-huh . inez what be you think ? you seem in a daze . gil if I tell you I be with Ernest hemingway and Scott fitzgerald last night , what would you say ? inez be that what you be dream about ? you literary idol . gil but if I be not dream - inez what do that mean ? 30 canto : 26 26 gil if I tell you I spend time with hemingway and fitzgerald and Cole porter - inez I would be think brain tumor . gil can I tell you Zelda fitzgerald be exactly as we have come to know she from article and book - she 's mercurial and moody and she do not get along with hemingway - and Scott know hemingway 's right about it but you can see how conflict he be because he love she - inez right , right - er where 's my cold cream - we should knock off the idle chatter because we be go to be late . gil actually I want to stay and work on my novel - it need a little polish . inez you can work on it later . and we can use Mom 's decorator 's discount . CUT to : int . antique store - day 27 27 helen , inez and gil in antique store . helen come look at this inez - would not this be charming for a malibu beach house ? owner dix-huit mille . helen ( to inez ) it 's a steal at eighteen thousand dollar . 31 contd : 27 27 gil eighteen thousand dollar ? helen oh wait , that 's euros so it 's more - inez that 's over twenty thousand dollar , Mom . helen yes but it 's very hard to find anything like this at home . inez she 's right , gil . gil yes but we have not even find a house yet and I be try to keep expense down so I can turn down job . helen you get what you pay for . cheap be cheap . gil I know you love malibu but - inez ( sotto seductively ) do you ever make love in a chaise like this ? imagine the possibility . gil er - of course when you think of it that way it do help amortize the eighteen grand . helen and do not forget - we be take you to dinner tonight at ( * tbd ) . inez great . gil ( sotto to inez ) and after I have a terrific surprise for you . 32 contd : ( 2 ) 27 27 inez what ? I be not big on surprise . gil you will be . believe I . helen look at this marvelous blackamoor . I see they in you live room . CUT to : l ext . lovely spot - night 28 28 gil and inez arrive at the spot he be pick up by car . he wait nervously . inez where be you take I ? you make I rush through dinner . dad be not finish with he profiterole . gil you be go on one of the most amazing adventure of you life . inez where ? and why be you carry around you manuscript . gil you will see - you will see - and you jaw will drop . dissolve to : ext . lovely spot - night 29 29 they be still wait with nothing happen . Cars pass but no action . inez I do not know what it be you be carry on about but this be not my idea of a amazing adventure . I be exhaust from the gym and the massage . gil inez . 33 canto : 29 29 inez look - you want to walk the street and " drink in Paris by night " - go ahead . I be in the middle of a great book Carol leat I and if I be asleep when you get in , do not wake I . ( she get in cab ) gil ( to himself ) what be I do wrong ? unless she 's right and I need to see a neurologist . Left the wine taste - a little high yes - right here . the clock begin to chime midnight . gil ( cont 'd ) I remember the river - the clock strike midnight - I - the clock strike midnight ! yes - on the dot of midnight I he look at he watch which obviously confirm the chime he hear . the period car come - the door open . we hear hemingway ' S voice : hemingway ( V. o. ) get in . gil get in , car pull off CUT to : int / ext . car - night 30 30 only gil and hemingway . hemingway the assignment be to take the hill . there be four of we . ( more ) 34 contd : 30 30 hemingway ( cont would ) five if you count vincente but he have lose he hand when a grenade go off and he could not fight as he could when I first meet he and he be young and brave and the hill be soggy from day of rain and slope down toward a road and there be many german soldier on the road and the idea be to aim at the first group and if we aim be true we could delay they . gil be not you scared ? hemingway of what ? gil get kill . hemingway you will never write well if you fear die . do you ? gil it 's my biggest fear . hemingway but it 's something all man before you have do and all man will do . gil yes but - hemingway have you ever make love to a truly great woman ? gil my fiance be very sexy . hemingway and when you make love to she you feel true and beautiful passion and you at least for that moment lose you fear of death . gil I do not know about that - 35 canto : ( 2 ) 30 30 hemingway I believe that love that 's true and real create a respite from death . all cowardice come from not loving or not loving well which be the same thing and when the man who be brave and true look death squarely in the face like some rhino hunter I know or belmonte who be truly brave , it be because they love with sufficient passion to push death out of they mind till it return as it do to all man and then you must make really good love again . think about it . CUT to : ext . gertrude stein' place - night a31 a31 shot of they arrive at gertrude stein' . int . gertrude stein' place - night 31 31 they enter . hemingway this be gil pender . he 's a young american writer . I think you two should know each other . stein I be glad you be here . you can help decide which of we be right and which of we be wrong . she lead they into other room , introduce gil . stein ( cont 'd ) this be gil - gil pender . stein Pablo Picasso . they ad-lib greeting . Picasso speak french and be with a beautiful girl - Adriana . 36 contd : 31 31 stein I be just tell Pablo that this portrait do not capture Adriana . it have universality but no objectivity . pablo vous not le comprenez pas correctment . vous not connaissez pas Adriana mais c'est tout ce qui la represente . stein no tu n'a pas raison . look how he 's do she - drip with sexual innuendo . carnal to the point of smolder and yes she 's beautiful but it 's a subtle beauty - a imply sensuality . ( to gil ) what be you first impression of Adriana ? gil ( very take ) ····· exceptionally lovely . stein Belle , mais plus subtil plus implicite , Pablo . hemingway you be right gertrude - of course you can see why he 's lose he objectivity . ( flirt with she ) stein you have make a creation of place pigalle , a whore with volcanic appetite . pablo mais c'est comme elle est , si vous la connaissez . stein yes - avec vous en prive - because she 's you lover - but we do not know she that way - so you make a petit bourgeoise judgment and turn she into a object of pleasure . ( more ) 37 contd : ( 2 ) 31 31 stein ( cont would ) c'est plus comme une nature morte qu 'on portrait . it 's more like a still life than a portrait . pablo ( wave she off and go to get a drink ) je not suis pas d'accord . stein ( turn to gil ) and what about this book of yours I have be hearing about ? ( to hemingway ) have you read it ? hemingway no , this I leave to you . you have always be the best judge of my work . stein ( thumbing first page , she read ) " out of the past be the name of the store and its product consist of memory . what be prosaic and even vulgar to one generation have be transmute by the mere pass of year to a status at once magical and also camp . " adriana I love it . I be already - hook ? hook . stein I will start it tonight . but first we have something to talk about . she collar hemingway and they huddle to one side . Picasso have busy himself at a distant spot with a drink , sulk . this leave gil off with Adriana to chat . gil do my open line really get to you that strongly ? adriana the past have always have a great charisma for I . 38 contd : ( 3 ) 31 31 gil I too . I be bear too late . adriana oui , exactement . for I Belle epoque Paris would have be perfect . the whole sensibility , the street lamp , the kiosk - the horse and carriage . and maxim - then . gil you speak very good English . adriana no , not really . gil yes - and how long have you be dating Picasso ? my god , do I say that ? adriana pardon . gil oh - I - no , I do not mean anything - you know - to pry ··· bear in Paris ? adriana I be bear in bordeaux - I move here to study fashion and - you do not want to hear this - gil no , I do . adriana I come here - to study with Coco chanel - and I fall in love with Paris and also a very dark eye , haunt , jewish - italian painter - and I know amedeo have another woman but still I could not resist move into he apartment when he ask and it be a beautiful six month . gil not modigliani ? be it modigliani ? you live with modigliani ? 39 contd : ( 4 ) 31 31 adriana you ask I so I be tell you my sad story . with Braque also there be another woman - many - and now with Pablo - I mean Pablo be marry but every day it 's on again , off again - I do not know how any woman can stay with he - he 's so difficult . gil my god you be a whole different level of art groupie . adriana pardon . gil nothing - I be - adriana but tell I about yourself . have you come to Paris to write because this day so many Americans feel the need to move here . be not hemingway attractive ? I love he write . gil actually I be visit . adriana oh you must stay here . it 's a wonderful city for artist and writer . gil believe I , I want to but it 's not that simple . adriana and I do fall madly in love with the start of you book so I want to hear the rest of it . hemingway and stein return . hemingway come , let 's all go for a drink up at Montmartre . 40 contd : ( 5 ) 31 31 stein we will discuss you book as soon as I finish it . where can I reach you ? gil oh that 's okay - I will drop by - it will be easier for you - if that 's okay . stein we run a open house . adriana you sure you will not come ? gil ( check watch ) I only wish I could but I can not - but hopefully I will see you again - adriana that would be nice . hemingway , Picasso and Adriana be go off - hemingway flirtatious with she . hemingway ( teasing Picasso ) one of this day I plan to steal you away from this genius who 's great but no miro . CUT to : ext . HOTEL - night 32 32 gil return . CUT to : int . HOTEL suite - night 33 33 gil get into bed with inez . she 's asleep and he lie awake think . he pinch himself to make sure he 's awake . 41 contd : 33 33 gil ( to himself ) I be gil pender - I be with hemingway and Picasso - Pablo Picasso - Ernest hemingway - I be gil pender from pasadena - the cub scout - I fail freshman English - I be gil pender and my novel be with gertrude stein - I once work at the House of pies . I be little gil pender . and that girl be so lovely . CUT to : ext . flea market - day 34 34 gil , inez and helen . helen it 's a shame you two do not come to the movie last night . we see a wonderfully funny american film . I forget the name . gil wonderful but forgettable . I have see that picture . helen I know it be moronic and infantile and lack any wit or believability but John and I laugh in spite of ourselves . inez what time do you get in ? I be dead asleep . gil not late . I find this midnight stroll be very good for I creatively - without the distraction of the day - I will probably take another long walk tonight . inez we will see . oh how about this ? 42 contd : 34 34 helen oh look at this wonderful glass figure . as they be preoccupy , gil be catch up by a woman who play some old 78 record on a old phonograph and she 's play the Cole porter tune Cole be play the other night . gabrielle c'est jolie , no . gil yes - very beautiful . gabrielle Cole porter . vous aimez - you like Cole porter ? gil Love he music - we be very close - Cole , Linda and i. she give he a look . gabrielle very pretty and tre amusant . he listen . inez come over . inez gil - gil - gil ? gil ( come out if , realize she 's be talk to he ) huh ? inez we should go . we be meeting Paul and Carol for a private show at the museum . gil with the same sharp guide ? inez it 's a different museum and we do not need a guide . Paul 's a expert on Monet . ( more ) 43 34 34 contd : ( 2 ) inez ( cont would ) we can see all that beautiful water lily at he home . CUT to : int . l'orangerie museum - day 35 35 Paul , Carol , inez and gil in circular room with huge monet . paul the juxtaposition of color be amazing . this man be the real father of abstract expressionism . I take that back , maybe Turner . inez I prefer Monet . I mean I love Turner but this be overwhelming . paul if I be not mistaken it take he two year to complete this . and he work out at Giverny - where he frequently - gil they say Monet use to - inez shhh . I want to hear what Paul 's say . paul he be frequently visit by caillebotte - a artist I personally feel be underrate . carol I find Monet almost too pretty - like renoir - sometimes it 's cloying . dissolve to : int . another floor of the museum - day a36 a36 paul ( come to Picasso 's portrait of Adriana ) ah - now here 's a superb Picasso . 44 contd : a36 a36 gil be stunne . paul ( cont 'd ) if I be not mistaken he paint this marvelous portrait of he french mistress madeline brissou in the twenty . gil er - I have to differ with you on this one . paul really ? inez gil pay attention and you will learn something . gil if I be not mistaken this be a fail attempt to capture a young french girl name Adriana - from bordeaux - if my art history serve I - come to Paris to study costume design for the theatre . believe she have a brief affair with modigliani - then Braque - that 's where Pablo meet she - er Picasso . you would never know it from this portrait but she 's quite subtly beautiful . inez what have you be smoking ? gil and I would hardly call the picture superb . it 's more of a petit bourgeoise statement of how Pablo er Picasso see she , see she - he 's distract by the fact she be a volcano in the sack . CUT to : int . restaurant - night 36 36 John , helen and inez finish fancy dinner . JOHN too rich for I . 45 contd : 36 36 helen where do gil run off to ? inez work - he like to walk around Paris - the way the city be all light up at night allegedly inspire he - it 's okay . Paul and I be go dance . helen where 's Carol ? inez in bed with a bad oyster . ( rise ) see you later . thanks for dinner dad . she exit . JOHN where do gil go every night ? helen you hear she . he walk and get idea . JOHN uh-huh . helen you sound skeptical . JOHN I do not know . I see what he earn but sometimes I think he 's get a part miss . and I do not like he remark about tea party Republicans . they be decent people who want to take back the country - they be not crypto-fascist , airhead zomby . do you hear he say that ? helen nevertheless I hardly think you idea of have he follow be practical . 46 contd : ( 2 ) 36 36 JOHN no ? I would like to know where he go every night . helen well we know one thing - he do not go dance . CUT to : int . fitzgerald's party - night 37 37 gil dance with a woman at fitzgerald 's party . he stop finally and Adriana wander over . adriana hello again ? how nice you be here . gil I be at gertrude stein 's - she 's almost finish with my novel . and the fitzgeralds invite I over and say you would be here - you and Pablo . adriana Pablo 's home - we have a bit of a quarrel . but you look like you be have fun dance with djuna barne . gil that be djuna barne ? no wonder she want to lead . adriana be not this a wonderful place to throw a party - only the fitzgeralds would think of it . look - this be from the turn of the century . everything be so beautiful then . hemingway come over now . he squeeze Adriana playfully flirtatious . hemingway be not this little parisienne dream a movable feast ? Mark my word - I be go to steal you from that fugitive from malaga one way or the other . ( more ) 47 contd : 37 37 hemingway ( cont would ) ( refer to he companion of the moment ) between belmonte and myself - which of we would you choose ? adriana vous ete tous deux tre impressionant . hemingway but he have more courage . he face death more directly and more often and if you choose he I would be disappointed but understand . juan belmonte por desgracia para ambos ella ha elegido Pablo . hemingway yes , she 's choose Picasso - but Pablo think woman be only to paint or sleep with . adriana and you ? hemingway I think woman be the equal of man in courage . have you ever shot a charge lion ? adriana never . hemingway have you ever hunt ? ( to gil ) have you ? gil only for bargain . belmonte ( to hemingway ) venga - tomemo otra copa . gil ( to Adriana ) would you like to maybe take a walk ? CUT to : 48 ext . place dauphine - night 38 38 gil and Adriana walk . gil I hope it be nothing serious with you and Pablo ? adriana he 's moody and possessive . artist be all like child . gil I understand why they all want to paint you - you be so damn interesting to look at in a lovely way . adriana and you be interesting in a lose way . tell I more about you book . gil I do not want to talk about my book . I want to enjoy Paris by night . adriana I keep forget , you be only a tourist . gil that 's put it mildly . CUT to : ext . montage / paris - night 39 39 Adriana be show he around . adriana I can never decide whether Paris be more beautiful by day or by night . gil there 's no book or painting , or symphony or sculpture that can rival a great city . all this street and boulevard as a special art form . ( more ) 49 contd : 39 39 gil ( cont would ) when you think in the cold , violent , meaningless universe Paris exist - this light - I mean nothing 's happen on Jupiter or Neptune or out beyond - but from way out in space you can see this light in the whole dark void - the cafe , people drink and dance - I mean for all we know this town be the hot spot in the entire universe - adriana vous avez l'ame d'un poete . gil you be very kind . I would not call my babbling poetic . CUT to : omitted 40 40 ext . place pigalle - night 41 41 gil and Adriana be here with the street line with prostitute . adriana see anything you like ? gil I be ashamed to admit I be attract to all of they . I like cheap -sexy . I know it 's shallow . adriana when I be in Catholic school , one weekend , my roommate and I pay one of the girl of pigalle to come teach we all she trick . gil well , that 's the most interesting thing I have ever hear in my life - I would like to think about that for awhile . CUT to : 50 ext . river - night 42 42 gil and Adriana walk by the river . adriana I love that the main character in you book sell memory . gil because he believe in he soul that progress be not automatically for the better . adriana often quite the opposite . gil say - be that who I think it be ? adriana what be she do here ? and why be she stare into the river . they see a distraught woman contemplate jump into the river . upon run to she , it 's Zelda . adriana oh gosh ! my god - what be you do ? zelda please leave I alone . I do not want to live . adriana what be it ? what 's go on ? zelda it all become clear to I tonight . Scott and that beautiful countess - it be so obvious they be whisper about I and the more they drank the more he fall in love with she . gil Scott love only you . I can tell you with absolute certainty . zelda no , he 's tired of I . 51 contd : 42 42 gil no you be wrong . I know . zelda how ? how ? gil trust I . I know . zelda but you just meet we . how can you know anything . my skin hurt . I hate the way I look . gil take this . ( pill ) zelda what be this ? gil a valium - it will calm you down . adriana you carry medicine ? gil only since inez and I become engage . I have have this anxiety attack - I be sure after the wedding they will subside . zelda I never hear of valium . what be this ? gil er - it 's the pill of the future . zelda but pill wear off - and then it all come back . no , I will not kill myself . I will write and I will write more passionately than Scott . I will work harder . adriana he love you . he 's not with that woman . she 's already on she way back to Rome . 52 contd : ( 2 ) 42 42 gil I will try and score some more for you . and I have some xanax at the hotel - it 's another one you ' will like . adriana come on , we will find a taxi . we will see you home - thing will be better in the morning . CUT to : int . bohemian cafe - night 43 43 adriana you never say you be get marry . gil yes - I - I mean it 's in the future . adriana well good luck with you book and you wedding . gil you would like inez - she have a sharp sense of humor - and she 's sexy - not that we agree on everything . adriana but the important thing . gil actually the small thing - the important thing we do not - she would like to live in malibu and that I would work in Hollywood - but I will say we both like - er - er indian food - not all indian food - pita bread - we both like pita bread - adriana ( rise ) I should go . Pablo will be miss I . gil I will walk you home - 53 contd : 43 43 adriana no , no ··· finish you drink . I live just around the corner . gil no , I would not think - adriana I would prefer to be by myself for awhile . thank you for this evening . and she go . he 's stress , think . presently salvador dali come to table . dali we meet earlier tonight . at the party . gil yes - I remember - dali dali - si ? dali ! dali ! Une bouteille de vin rouge I waiter scurries for one . dali ( cont 'd ) you like the shape of the rhinoceros ? gil a rhinoceros ? I never think about it . dali I paint rhinoceros . I paint you - sad eye - big lip - melting over hot sand - with one tear - yes - and in you tear - Christ 's face . and rhinoceros . gil I be sure I look sad . I be in a very perplex situation . dali everyone be in perplex situation - to be or not to be - this be ultimate perplex question - you agree ? ah - here they be - 54 contd : ( 2 ) 43 43 bufiuel , man Ray enter and the table enlarge as they sit . dali introduce they to gil . gil my god , I own a surrealist print - only a print by magritte . dali pender - pen-der - pen-derrr - and I be da-li . pender be in perplex situation . gil it sound so crazy when I say it and you will think I be drunk but I have get to tell someone I be from a different time - a whole other era - the future - and I pass from the two thousandth millennium to here - a car pick I up - I slide through time - man ray exactly correct - you inhabit two world - so far I see nothing strange . gil look , you be sur-realist - but I be a normal guy - see , in one life I be engage to marry a woman I love - at least I think I love she . Christ , I be suppose to love she if I be marrying she . dali Love - the word love - love - the word love - same as the word rhinoceros - the rhinoceros make love by mount the female - but be there difference in beauty between two rhinoceroses ? man ray but there be nothing more sur-real than the human heart . dali past be also present . 55 contd : ( 3 ) 43 43 gil in a dream - which be fine for you because you guy dabble in dream . man ray there be another woman ? gil Adriana be she name . and I feel draw to she - but it would not matter - man much great than I , profound artist - she 's draw to geniuse - and they to she . dali I see you with Christ - he be smile while you be crucify on the heavy wooden cross of self - doubt . gil of course my biggest problem be reality . bunuel reality be nothing more than a dream - we all exist in the dream of a dog . gil I be bear in the wrong time . dali time be all the mind . time melt - the watch melt - the hand of the clock melt ··· man ray a man in love with a woman from a different era . I see a photograph . bunuel I see a movie . gil I see a insurmountable problem . dali I see - a rhinoceros . 56 int . HOTEL suite - day 44 44 next morning . room service breakfast . inez do you get much work do last night ? gil er - some - yes - I be beginning to think my book may be too realistic - that I have miss some chance to let my imagination run wild and not be so damn logical ··· inez should not we be get dress ? gil c'mere - you always look great in the morning . inez ( she do ) we will be late . gil I have to work . I be work like a demon but I can not resist you half dress like that . inez Paul say we have to see the countryside . he 's take we for lunch at this beautiful little inn . I know you like make love in the morning but I find it much sexier late afternoon - just before we go out to dinner . except I always have to explain to my parent why you cheek look radiant . hey - I be not go to force you . I know you be hot on you write . I will be happy when you finish this book and move on . CUT to : ext . rodin museum garden - day 45 45 gil be near the kiss . he have track down the guide . 57 cqntd : 45 45 gil hello - bonjour - I would like to ask you a question about rodin . guide yes ? gil he love he wife , he also love he mistress - be it really possible to be in love with two woman ? guide he love both in different way . gil God it 's so french . er - you remember I ? guide I do . qui - you be with the group , the pedantic gentleman . gil yeah , pedantic - perfect word . you be very observant . I need some advice . I would like a woman 's take . a french woman - a observant french woman . I meet some woman that I very quickly become smitten with . smitten ? guide uh-huh . gil I be engage to be marry . I know rodin have a wife and a mistress but I be american - we can not handle that - we be monogamous . guide you be engage and you meet a new woman - gil yes . her name 's Adriana . right now she 's live with pica - - with a Spaniard - er he paint - fairly well . ·· 58 contd : ( 2 ) 45 45 guide yes - and do she love he ? or you ? gil Love he or I ? well I hardly think , I . but we have just meet . see , another very gift man flirt with she , a writer . all this geniuse fall in love with she . and what be I ? and then of course there 's another big problem . I can not exactly explain . guide yes ? gil I do not know whether to call it a age difference - or a problem of geography - I be so mess up . I be not hemingway , I be not Picasso , I be not rodin . I be just a guy who be bear too late . CUT to : omitted 46 46 ext . STREET / int . build - day 47 47 John walk down a street and enter a building . as he go up the stair we learn it be the office of a private detective agency . CUT to : int . agency office - day 48 48 John and M. dubois , the head detective . M. tisserant , the second be present too . JOHN here 's he photo . I want to know where he go each night . dubois what be you suspicion ? 59 contd : 48 48 JOHN he 's engage to my daughter - to marry and I want to be certain she 's make a wise decision . naturally discretion be paramount . dubois you have come to the right place , monsieur . monsieur tisserant - will personally keep track of the gentleman and report back on he whereabouts at night . CUT to : ext . lovely spot / int . car - night 49 49 gil get into the car as usual at the same spot at midnight . another man be in there . tisserant be observe from he car . tom come . gil ( get in ) thanks for stop . gil pender . tom Tom eliot . gil Tom eliot ? Tom - stearn - t.s. eliot ? t.s. eliot ? shot of gil enter car . gil ( cont 'd ) I be stunne , stunne - prufrock - my mantra - as the car pull off , we hear gil speak . gil ( cont 'd ) ( v.o ) May I tell you where I come from they measure out they life in coke spoon . CUT to : omitted 50 50 60 int . gertrude stein' place - night 51 51 Picasso present - dour. stein oh pender - I will get to you book in a moment . I finish it . we be just in the middle of a little personal crisis . gil I do not mean to intrude . stein no , it 's no secret . Adriana have leave Pablo and have fly to Africa with Ernest hemingway . gil what ? pablo sabia que tenia una obsesi6n con este fanforr6n . sobre esto discutimos . stein estoy seguro que regresara muy devoto . ( English to gil ) he take she hunt kudu but she will be back to he - the sound of hyenas every night when you be try to sleep in a tent get on you nerve pretty quickly . mt. kilimanjaro be not Paris . gil they're on mt. kilimanjaro ? stein now about you book . very unusual indeed . in a way it 's almost science fiction - fiction with all the futuristic device - television set , supersonic flight - and yet it 's not typical science fiction - it 's unique . ( more ) 61 contd : 51 51 stein ( cont would ) nevertheless you have to get rid of all that technology - what 's good about you book be the character - the human question - love - mortality - nobody care about the technology , they care about the human heart . we all fear death and question we place in the universe . unfortunately you book lapse into easy pessimism . I be have this conversation with giacometti the other day - he 's such a gloom monger . gil still , that sculpture - stein it 's the artist 's job not to succumb to despair but to find a antidote to the emptiness of existence . I find you voice clear and lively - do not be such a defeatist . CUT to : omitted 52 52 ext . front of HOTEL - day 53 53 inez , she mother and father load into car . helen tell gil to bring a suit because tomorrow night we will be dining formal . where 's gil . inez I forget to tell you . gil be not go with we to mont St. Michel . JOHN why not ? I do not understand it . inez he write , he rewrite , he rewrite he rewrite . he say Picasso never leave he studio . ( more ) 62 contd : 53 53 inez ( cont would ) I say , gil , you have absolutely nothing in common with Picasso ··· he just look at I . helen well he 's go to miss a great weekend . CUT to : omitted 54 54 ext . flea market - day 55 55 gil browsing . he listen to the old phonograph recording . gil any Cole porter ? gabrielle oh yes - I remember - he be you friend . gil I be kid you realize . gabrielle I do realize . you be a bit young . gil I be surprised you be so familiar with he work . gabrielle he write many song about Paris - very beautiful . gil yes - he be in love with you hometown . you be a parisiene ? gabrielle oui monsieur . gil how much . gabrielle dix-huit euro . 63 contd : 55 55 he pay . take album . CUT to : omitted 56 56 ext . book market - day 57 57 gil at a place that have a bin of various old book more pretty than great - the kind people buy for the bind or plate . he pick up a pretty bound but totally wreck book in the inside . it be slim , leather , tear up . he read the title page in hand write . it read : " this diary belong to Adriana dupree . " gil ( to customer ) can you translate this ? speak English ? customer shrug . move off . CUT to : ext . notre dame garden - day 58 58 gil with Museum guide . she 's translate the diary into English . guide ( read ) that Paris exist and anyone could choose to live anywhere else in the world will always be a mystery to I . turn page . guide ( continue ) dinner with Pablo and henri Matisse . Pablo be the great artist although Matisse be the great painter . 64 contd : 58 58 guide ( continue ) Paris in the summer - what it must have be like to sit opposite one 's lover at maxim 's in it 's heyday . page be tear and text cut off . guide ( continue ) I be in love with a american writer I just meet name gil pender . his eye widen . guide ( continue ) that immediate magic one hear about happen to I . I know that both Picasso and hemingway be in love with I but for whatever inexplicable reason the heart have , I be draw to gil . perhaps because he seem naive and unassume . guide ( continue ) as always in this sad life he be about to marry a woman name inez . I have a dream where he come to I and bring I a little gift - earring they be - and we make love . perhaps it be just as well I accept hemingway 's offer to go to Africa . life with Pablo be too full of conflict and I be suffocating under he genius . why I need to go from one brilliant man to another be my weakness . gil be different , perhaps not a genius but not moody and selfish like Pablo or amedeo be . I think a trip to Africa with hemingway would help get this feeling for gil off my mind . guide ( finish read ) I do not understand . what be this ? 65 contd : ( 2 ) 58 58 gil it 's a little complicated to explain . thanks for translate - guide the writer clearly have feeling for this man gil . that 's you name , no ? gil she find he no genius - naive and unassume - that 's not exactly dazzle . guide to some woman naivete be endear . and she 's romantic . she dream of Belle epoque Paris and a gift of earring and make love with this man . gil stare , think . CUT to : int . HOTEL suite - night 59 59 gil be spruce up . he douse himself with aftershave , check clock . it 's eleven pm . gil ( to himself ) eleven - let 's see - where the hell be I go to get earring at this hour ? ( think ) I must improvise . he go to inez 's jewelry box and pick out art nouveau earring he know Adriana would like . he grab a box and gift wrap it quickly . maybe it come in a blue velvet box and he find some color paper . gil write card : to Adriana with love . he cross it out - to Adriana avec amour . he give a final check to himself and open door to leave , run smack into inez and both she parent , home from they trip prematurely . gil ohmigodl what be you do back ? 66 contd : 59 59 inez daddy get chest pain . gil really ? JOHN I be sure it 's indigestion . helen well we can not take a chance . inez daddy have a angioplasty three year ago . JOHN they put a balloon in I . Big deal . helen ( phone ) yes - I want the hotel doctor - suite 818 . ( she trail off ) inez why be you so dress up ? gil I ? no - I be just write . inez you dress and put on cologne to write ? gil I take a break and shower . I think better in the shower . all that positive ion . inez we be halfway to mont . St. Michele and daddy start to look pale . gil that 's terrible . inez we turn right around . 67 contd : ( 2 ) 59 59 gil no - sure - be there anything I can get you , John ? JOHN I be fine . I be sure it 's the beef bourguignon . inez what 's this . ( pick up gift ) gil ( grab it from she ) it 's nothing - nothing - inez what be that ? it 's a present . gil yes - yes ··· it be . because it 's gift wrap ··· but er - you be not suppose to see that - it 's a surprise . inez you get I something ? gil it 's nothing great - from the flea market . inez let I open it . gil no ! no - not now ··· I get it for - I mean to give it to you at a special dinner - just leave it ··· inez now I be die of curiosity . if it 's jewelry I hope it 's my taste - not like the moonstone necklace . gil you do not like the moonstone ? they be understate yet elegant - ( to helen ) do not you always say that , ha , ha .·. 68 contd : ( 3 ) 59 59 helen cheap be cheap be what I always say . inez you never see the necklace he get I . I have never actually wear it . you will see why immediately . open she jewelry box , hold up moonstone . gil I think you would like they simplicity . inez that 's just it , they be too simple . helen I agree . inez hey - where be my art nouveau earring ? gil you probably do not pack they . inez I have wear they here . gil I guess you lose they . they probably drop off . inez both of they ? my ear be pierce . helen I tell you to keep everything in the hotel safe . inez you think it be the may ? helen it 's always the may . inez I remember see they there this morning . 69 contd : ( 4 ) 59 59 helen I would report the theft right away . inez I will bet it be that may . she be so snotty yesterday about turn out the bed . she go to phone . gil gee I would not jump to any conclusion . I mean a accusation of theft . inez ( phone ) I want to report a theft . I would like the house detective to please come to room 818 . gil oh god - inez ( hang up ) I do not like that may from the first day , do not I say that ? door ring . gil the may be very sweet . inez ( open door , doctor be there ) right . take the side of the help as usual . that 's why dad call you a Communist . doctor I be Dr. gerard . helen come in - he 's right there ··· JOHN I be fine . helen he 's have a angioplasty . 70 contd : ( 5 ) 59 59 amidst the ad-lib moment , gil have manage to secure a private spot and have swipe the box . he 's tear it open and remove earring , run into the room with they . gil look ! look ! be this what you be miss ? inez where do you find they ? gil they be in the bathroom . inez the bathroom ? gil right out on the sink . helen I be in the bathroom , I do not see they . gil well you be under stress ··· inez why the hell would they be in the bathroom ? gil maybe you think you put they away and leave they out or drop they , and the may find they and leave they out where you could see they easily . inez I do not drop they or leave they out ... gil the main thing be they be not steal . doctor I be go to send you for some test but I think that you be right and this be only indigestion . 71 contd : ( 6 ) 59 59 JOHN see . incidentally , it be very nice of you to come over so late . helen yes - my god , be it midnight already ? gil be disappointed . CUT to : ext . flea market - day 60 60 gil be buy earring . CUT to : omitted 61 61 ext . detective tisserant's car / lovely spot - night 62 62 he be behind the wheel of he car observe . car stop - pick up gil , pull off . tisserant pull off to follow . CUT to : int . gertrude stein' place - night 63 63 stein ( to Matisse ) c'est l'un de vos meilleur jusqu 'a present . je parlai a leo. je pense qu 'il souhaite l'acheter . Matisse be delighted , go about he business there as she turn to gil . stein I be just tell Matisse we want to buy one of he new picture for we personal collection . five hundred francs seem fair . gil five hundred francs ? for a Matisse ? ( half to himself ) ( more ) 72 contd : 63 63 gil ( cont would ) gee , why do not I pick up half a dozen ? I could clean up - but how 's all this possible - I should have pay more attention in my physics class ··· stein well ? gil oh er - I bring a rewrite of the first few chapter of my book and be hope you would tell I if you think I be on the right track . stein leave it with I . gil er - have you hear from hemingway ? stein oh yes , they have be back for day . the trip do not work out . I know they would not hit it off . that 's over . with Picasso too . she 's at deyrolle - by herself . gil by herself ? stein on of that surrealist painter be get marry and they do it up there . she will be glad to see you . CUT to : int . deyrolle - night 64 64 wedding in progress . informal , non-traditional wedding with artist type guest . gil find Adriana . adriana oh - what be you do here ? gil I come to find you . 73 contd : 64 64 adriana you do ? gil let 's just say as a writer I see into woman 's soul and I sense that you have very complicated feeling towards I . adriana but you be go to be marry . gil I be not so sure about anything anymore - can we just go where it 's quiet ? they be almost out the door when they run into Luis bufiuel . gil ( cont 'd ) oh , Mr. bufiuel , I have a nice idea for a movie for you . bunuel yes ? gil a group of people be at a formal dinner party and after dinner when they try to leave the room , they can not . bunuel why not ? gil they just can not seem to exit the door . bunuel but why ? gil and because they be all force to stay together the veneer of civilization quickly come off they and they behave as who they really be - animal . bunuel but I do not get it - why do not they just walk out of the room ? 74 contd : ( 2 ) 64 64 gil just think about it - that 's all I be say - maybe one day you ' will be shave and it will tickle you fancy . they go off as bufiuel get in last line . bunuel I do not understand - what 's hold they in the room ? CUT to : ext . pretty location - night 65 65 gil and Adriana at romantic locale . he kiss she . adriana what be you do ? gil I do not know but I do know that for a brief moment , when I be do it , I feel - immortal . adriana but - you look so sad . gil because life be too mysterious for I . adriana it 's the time we live in . everything move so fast - life be noisy and complicated - not like the Belle epoque . in that year Paris live only for beauty . gil I have always be a logical person . I never take chance - do anything crazy - like move here when I first come or take a shot at be a real writer , not a Hollywood hire hand - but I feel like let everything go . gil give she earring . 75 canto : 65 65 gil here . adriana how remarkable - they be beautiful . a horse and carriage pull up . didier monsieur , mademoiselle - on y vas . adriana what ? who be you ? chloe montez . on y vas . nous allon etre en retard . gil what 's go on ? they get in . adriana where be we go ? didier to drink champagne . dissolve to : ext . maxim - night 66 66 they pull up at maxim . people from the Belle epoque enter and exit . adriana this be so beautiful . adriana ( cont 'd ) all that picture I have see of Belle epoque Paris . we be herel - gil I do not know what it be about this city but I must write a thank you note to the chamber of commerce . 76 int . maxim - night 67 67 Inside . marie welcome - and oh what marvelous outfit . so avant garde - please have some champagne . adriana I can not believe this be happen to I . dissolve to : int . maxim - night 68 68 gil and Adriana be dance romantically . adriana I never want to go back to the present . never . gil the present - yes , the present always seem worse than the past but it can not be - to always think this generation be stupider and coarser than the last - and yet - here we be at maxim tonight and yes , it 's fabulous . adriana and I know just where I want to go after . CUT to : int . moulin rouge / stage - night 69 69 the girl dance . CUT to : int . moulin rouge / audience - night 70 70 gil and Adriana sit and hold hand . dance end and girl run off . 77 contd : 70 70 adriana ( to waiter ) encore du vin . Le meme choose . ( to gil ) be not this something . lookl look I she point out Lautrec sketching . adriana Pablo worship he . I have to say hello . come with I , I be nervous . gil we should not bother he . adriana but we know he 's a lonely man ··· he long for company . they go over . she speak to Lautrec . adriana we be both great admirer of you work . nous somme tout les deux de grand admirateur de votre travail . lautrec merci madame . adriana pouvon nous vous offrir un verre ? lautrec j'en serai enchante mademoiselle . prenez un siege je vous en prie . adriana he 's ask we to sit down with he . gil this much french I know . lautrec ete vous americain ? gil I be american . oui - lautrec je l'ai devine a votre accent . 78 contd : ( 2 ) 70 70 adriana nous aimon , tous les vos dessin et peinture , en realite tout ce que vous faite . gil yes , I love you picture too . lautrec ( welcome two new man to table ) oh - puis-je vous presenter me amis ··· monsieur dega and monsieur gauguin . adriana ohmigoodness - hello - enchante - ( ad -lib hellos best they can ) ( to gil ) be not this thrill ? you see the sketch he 's make ? nobody can draw like that today - not Pablo , not Matisse - we see fine draw , Lautrec style . gil parlez anglais ? degas no monsieur . lautrec ( refer to gauguin ) 11 parle un petit peut . gauguin I speak well - je parle tre bien . degas ( scornfully over gauguin 's boast ) ah - gauguin dega and I be just talk about how - cette generation est depourvue de sen et mangue d'imagination . 79 contd : ( 3 ) 70 70 adriana he say they find this generation sterile and empty - gauguin La Renaissance est beaucoup mieux - better to have live during the Renaissance . adriana no - this be the Golden Age - l'age d'or . degas pas do tout - la Renaissance - c'etait mieux - leur vetement sont tre , tre moderne , tre originaux . adriana he say you clothes be very modern and original . gil er - yes - monsieur lauren - Ralph . ( to gauguin ) should not you be in tahiti ? gauguin I ? what ? yes - I live on the island - a much better life than here - better there - but then I miss Paris - up and back - qu'est que vous faite dan la vie ? adriana what do I do ? je suis etudiante . en haute couture - fashion designer but study - degas ah ga compte pour les vetement outrageux . lautrec vous devriez la presenter a Richard . gauguin he want dega to have you meet he friend Richard . ( more ) 80 contd : ( 4 ) 70 70 gauguin ( cont ' d ) he 's look for someone to do costume for the ballet . adriana ballet costume - my god - I do not live here . I mean I do but I do not . je n'habite pas ici . gil I would not get into too many detail with they . let 's just leave it that we be temporarily pass through . adriana ( to gil ) can I speak with you a minute ? ( to table ) permettez - moi de m'absenter un instant . ( she get he off ) let 's never go back to the twenty . gil what be you talk about ? adriana I think we should stay here - it 's the start of the Belle epoque - this be the great , most beautiful era Paris have ever know . gil but I love the Jazz Age . adriana the twenty be full of strife and uncertainty . but think of it , gil - the two of we - in a lovely art nouveau home - I will work in the fashion world - I love the style - you can write ··· it 's the age of debussy and guimard . maybe you can meet balzac . gil but what happen to the twenty and the Charleston and Cole porter ? adriana that 's the present , it 's dull . 81 70 70 contd : ( 5 ) gil it 's not the present for I - I be from 2010 . adriana what do you mean ? gil I drop in on you just the way we drop in on the 1890' . adriana you do ? gil I want to escape my present just like you want to escape yours . to a golden age . adriana surely you do not think the twenty be a golden age ? gil to I they be . adriana but I be from the twenty and I be tellin~ you the golden age be the Belle epoque . gil yes but do not you see - to this guy the golden age be the Renaissance . they would all trade the Belle epoque to paint alongside Michelangelo or titian . and that guy probably imagine life be better when kubla Khan be around . I be have a insight . a minor one but that account for the anxiety of my dream . adriana what dream ? gil last night I dream I run out of zithromax - and then I go to the dentist and there be no novacaine - this people have no antibiotic - 82 70 70 contd : ( 6 ) adriana what be you talk about ? gil and even in the twenty - no dishwasher - no 911 if you appendix burst - no " movie on demand " · adriana but if we love each other what do it matter when we live ? gil because if you stay here and this become you present , sooner or later you will imagine another time be really the golden time . and so will I - I be beginning to see why it can not work , Adriana . the present have a hold on you because it 's you present and while there 's never any progress in the most important thing , you get to appreciate - what little progress be make - the internet - pepto- bismol . the present be always go to seem unsatisfy because life itself be unsatisfy - that 's why gauguin go back and forth between Paris and tahiti , search - it 's my job as a writer to try and come up with reason why despite life be tragic and unsatisfy , it 's still worth it . adriana that 's the problem with writer - you be all so full of word - but I be more emotional . I be go to stay and live in Paris ' most glorious time . you make a choice to leave Paris once and you regret it . gil yes , that one I regret but it be a real choice and I make the wrong one . this be a choice between accept reality or surreal insanity . 83 contd : ( 7 ) 70 70 adriana so finally you do love inez more than I . gil no - I love you - but this way lie madness - and if I be ever go to write anything worthwhile I have get to get rid of my illusion and that I would be happier in the past be one of they . adriana Goodbye , gil . gil Goodbye Adriana . good luck . they kiss , she turn and go to the table of artist . CUT to : int . gertrude stein' place - night 71 71 gil be admit to the stein home . he be full of energy . stein ah - pender - I read you rewrite . yes ··· you be nicely on the right track . you have understand I clearly . if the rest of the book read as well when you be do you will have something of value . gil ( take it back ) thank you . I can not tell you how much this mean to I . stein hemingway who read you chapter and agree it 's go to be a fine book do have one plot suggestion . gil hemingway read it ? what be he suggestion ? 84 canto : 71 71 stein he find it hard to believe the protagonist do not see he fiancee be have a affair that 's go on right before he eye . gil with - stein the other character - the pedantic one - gil it 's call denial . thanks again . ( to pass poet ) you be ezra pound right ? t.s. eliot say you owe he forty francs . CUT to : int . HOTEL suite - day 72 72 gil back in present in mid-argument with inez . inez you be crazy - Paul and I ? where do you get such a insane notion ? gil from Ernest hemingway . he think it out and it make perfect sense . inez gil , you brain tumor 's act up again . gil there 's nothing crazy about Ernest hemingway or gertrude stein or fitzgerald or salvador dali - inez nothing except they have all be dead for year . gil it be William faulkner who say , the past be not dead . ( more ) 85 72 contd : 72 gil ( cont would ) in fact , it 's not even past . actually I run into Bill faulkner at a party . inez you be a rave lunatic . gil I guess I be too trust . I be jealous and also trust - cognitive dissonance , Scott fitzgerald speak of it . inez gil - gil I know it inez - you can fool I but not hemingway . inez Jesus Christ I be deal with a madman - okay - Paul and I have a few night alone . we dance , we drank - you be always work - he 's very attractive , he speak to I in french - the whole mystique of this corny city get to I - it 's over . we can put this all in perspective at home . gil I be not go back . inez what ? gil I be stay here . it 's not the romantic fling . Paris be Paris . it 's that I be not in love with you . inez what ? gil a lot have happen to I since we get here . I will not begin to bore you - but - I know what that feel of love be and it 's not we . 86 contd : ( 2 ) 72 72 inez have you meet someone else ? all that late night walk . gil I be attract to another woman but it be the whole deal - meeting gertrude stein and hemingway and dali and Scott and Zelda - inez honey , you better listen to yourself . you be a psycho . you do not know what you be do . you see everything here through magical color glass . you be a California film writer with a house in beverly Hills with two mercede ' . you be not some kind of twenty expatriate novelist . her parent enter from the adjoin suite . helen what 's go on ? we can hear every word . gil if I be not happy I will move back . but right now I be go to stay . inez with who ? all you crazy hallucinatory friend ? mother be right about you - there 's a part miss . JOHN say that first . ~ inez anyone who 's protagonist make a live sell old cap pistol and Joan Crawford cut out book . gil you be better off without I . inez go ahead . walk the street - gush over the parisian light and the rooftop . 87 contd : ( 3 ) 72 72 gil Goodbye inez . he go . JOHN I have a private detective follow he - I know he be up to no good . inez daddy you do not . JOHN I do . he see he get into a car at midnight each night and he follow close behind . helen what happen ? JOHN I do not know . the detective agency say the detective be miss . CUT to : int . versaille - day 73 73 detective tisserant be in a period room with two stunne period occupant . they all speak french . count a qui ai-je l'honneur ? tisserant je I suis perdu - j'ai pas du tourner au bon endroit countess guard ! guard ! count qu 'on lui coupe la tete ! CUT to : omitted 74 74 88 ext . pont alexandre III - night 75 75 gil walk at night . he see someone approach and realize it be the girl from the flea market , gabrielle . gil hey , I know you - the girl at the flea market . gabrielle oh yes - yes - the Cole porter one . gil what be you do here ? gabrielle I be return from dinner with my girlfriend . I live near here . gil what 's you name ? gabrielle gabrielle . gil gabrielle , - I be gil - I just move to Paris this week . gabrielle oh I be sure you will love it . gil can I walk along with you or can I buy you a coffee ? oh god , it 's start to rain . gabrielle that 's okay . I do not mind get wet . Paris be the most beautiful in the rain . gil oh what a thing to say . I could not agree more . gabrielle I just think about you the other day because my boss get in a whole album of Cole porter song . gil hey what be that bell ? 89 contd : 75 75 gabrielle it 's midnight . gil Midnight - right - right - pretty name . fade out as they walk off together in the rain .