midsommar written by ari Aster ext . wood - halsingland - day halsingland , North Sweden . we cycle through a series of beauti ully compose midday landscape . none of they feature people or human habitation . a spare swedish lullaby play over this quiet montage . this be the song of the hargas . when it conclude , we CUT hard to : ext . house - minnesota - night a beautiful suburban home , bath in vivid moonlight . the neighborhood be very quiet . int . bedroom - night a man and woman ( early sixty ) lay asleep in bed . they be extremely still . the phone ring . the man and woman do not stir . after a few ring , the answering machine take it . ( next to the answer machine be a photo of a family : the man and woman stand happily with they two teenage daughter . ) answering machine ( v.o. ) hello . you have reach -- man & woman ( v.o. ) -- the ardor residence . answering machine ( v.o. ) please leave you message at the tone . when you be finish with you message , press pound . beep . enter the voice of a young woman : neon woman ( v.o . ) hey mom , hey da dad , it 's dani . sorry to call so lat I be just check in to make sure . everyone 's okay . I get kind of a scary email from erri and it sound like you guy be have some sort_of conflict ? anyway , I just get a little worried , so call I when you can , and if there 's a : thing I can do , just please know that I be here . okay . all right . I love you . beside they bed be a photo of one of the daughter . she wear a beam smile . int . apartment live room - brooklyn , NY - night the young woman lower the cell from she ear . this be dani ( 25 ) , a beautiful but delicate brunette . ( she be the irl from the photo ) . she hang up , and turn to she aptop . a email from terri ardor , title '' dear dani , '' be display . it read : i cant anymore - everything 's black - mom and dad be come too . goodbye . dani stare at this , anxiety rise . she pick up she phone , hesitates , and then call Christian . four ring . christian ( 25 ) answer . the rest of this scene will be shot in a very tight close - up of dani . salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 2 continued : christian ( v.o. ) hi ...! dani affect a care - free tone : dani hey sweetie . what you up to ? christian ( v.o. ) oh , just smoke some resin at Mark 's and how we be get pizza . dani oh nice . in the bear tyr we hear a young man repeat '' hi dani , hi dani , hi dani . . christian ( v.o. ) yeah - he 's say hi right now , over and over . dani christian ( v.0 . ) hi Mark ! ( off - phone ) '' hi Mark . '' dani so I be pest call to see if you be still want to get together . christian ( v.o. ) oh - do we talk about do something tonight ? dani I mean , not concretely . I be just see . christian ( v.o. ) ( ambivalent ) uh , well - okay yeah . I should be able to swing by . dani christian ( v.o. ) all right ...! yeah . okay ... how 's the sister situation ? dani well ... I have now send she three email and still no response . I be start to get a little nervous . christian ( v.o. ) I be sure it 's fine . dani christian ( v.o. ) yeah . probably . I hope so . she do this every other day , dani . and only because you let she . dani christian ( v.o . ) well , I do not let she . she 's bipolar . I know , but you do , though , babe . you go straight to crisis mode . salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) continued : dani well - but she 's my sister . and even you admit this last email be different ... christian ( v.o. ) okay , but_is it , though ? it 's still another clear plo for attention - just like every other panic attack she 's give you . dani look like she want to argue with this . she stifles it . dani okay '' yeah . you be right . you be right . christian ( v.0 . ) the more you respond , the more she 's encourage to keep this crap up . dani no , I do know you be right . I just need to be remind . thank you . I be really lucky to have you . christian ( v.o. ) dani ( cont 'd ) I too . I love you . christian ( v.o . ) --- so do i. dani okay . see you later ? christian ( v.0 . ) yup . dani okay . '' bye Mark ! '' christian ( v.o . ) '' bye Mark . '' dani all right . Love you . bye . dani hang up . her eye be wide with insecurity . int . kitchen - minute later dani stand in the kitchen , mid-phone conversation . fraught . she pace when she 's not speak . dani it 's just in he tone - you can hear it . it 's like he 's try to work up the nerve to say something . girlfriend ( v.o. ) so be direct ! confront he ! dani have open a cabinet to pull out a pill bottle . salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 4 continued : dani girlfriend ( v.o. ) well - what if I scared he ? I be always roping he into my family crap ... oh - how do you rope he in ? I be always lean on he ! I even call he today in that 's what he 's there for ! tear because my sister send I another scary email . what if I be scare he off ? dani swallow one of the pill . girlfriend ( v.o. ) what do you sister write ? dani oh - just some ominous_bullshit ! she do it all the time ! it 's torture , and I have be completely lean on he for support ! what if I overwhelm he and now he think I have too much baggage ? dani return the prescription bottle . the label read ativan . girlfriend ( v.o. ) well , if that 's the case , then good riddance ! right ? dani no ! not if I go too far ! what if I lean too heavily ? dani have return to she laptop . girlfriend ( v.o. ) you do not ! he should be there when you need he . dani begin hastily compose a email to she sister terri . dani girlfriend ( v.o . ) but what if I need he too often ? if it become a chore ? then he 's not the right guy . because it should not ever be a chore . would it be a chore if he lean on you ? dani break from write to respond : dani but he never ask for anything from I ! i' have never even see he cry ! so I be the only one lean ! girlfriend ( v.o. ) or the only one open up ! the only one make yourself vulnerable . that 's intimacy . as the friend say that , dani finish type . her email read : " please write I " back , terri . you can not just write I something like that and then disappear . I be worried sick . please write back . please . dani 's phone beep with a incoming call . it 's a unknown number . salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 5 int . pizza parlor - new york , NY - night a grubby pizza parlor . outside the window loom a purple nyu sign . christian , very handsome and fit , sit at a booth . beside he be he friend MARK ( 26 , droll , shaggy hair ) , josh ( 27 , a skinny , sometimes snobbish academic ) , and pelle ( 26 ) , a nice - look swedish exchange student . pelle doodle on he napkin ( draw the flower on the table ) . Mark be gurrently lecture a despondent Christian , who begin with he face in he arm ( on the table ) . MARK dude : you need to stop sit on the fence with this . christian but what if I end up regret it and then I can not get she back ? MARK christian ( cont 'd ) you do not want she back ! I might ! MARK §° then you can bitch to we for that day about how much you regret it , we will remind you again that you 's have be want out of this stupid relationship for the last year , and then you can find some new chick who actually like sex and who do not drag you through a million hoop a day . Christian be think about this . extremely conflict . josh take a break from read he dog-eare copy of primitive mentality ( by lucien lévy - bruhl ) to ask : josh do you think a masochistic part of you might be play out this drama to distract you from the work you actually need to be do ? christian repare to be offended ) and what work do I actually need to do , josh ? josh ( quietly , almost to himself ) you prospectus maybe ? you phd ...? Christian clearly do not want to be tell he priority by josh . before he can snap back , a attractive waitress ( early 20 ) bring over the check . waitress whenever you guy be ready . _.. pelle ( with swedish accent ) thank you . she smile -- at Christian . salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 6 continued : waitress thank you . she hold the smile with Christian and walk bashfully off . Mark definitely catch that . MARK dude . you could be get that girl pregnant right now . pelle MARK ( cont 'd ) and do not forget all the swedish woman you can impregnate in June . yeah , dude - do not forget all the swedish milkmaid . Christian 's phone ring . he check . it 's dani . he deflate . MARK ( cont 'd ) who be that ? Christian do not respond . MARK ( cont 's Dr that 's not she again ? seriously ? Christian let the call go . MARK ( cont 'd ) that 's ridiculous , dude . she need a therapist . christian she have one . MARK so she should call he ! that 's insane , dude . she 's use you . the phone start ringing again . Christian check it . '' dani again . '' MARK ( cont 'd ) oh my God . Christian answer . he rise from the booth to get some privacy . christian hello ? on the other end : a extend , agonize moan . christian ( cont 'd ) dani ? dani ( v.o. ) ( distantly ) +.. no , no , no , no , no , no , no ... christian sweetheart ? what 's go on ? but now there 's only heavy , frightening crying on the other end . it 's a deep , horrible cry . one of pure animal grief . 10 11 12 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 7 continued : 6 christian ( cont 'd ) ( now scared ) what 's happen , baby ? please talk to I . the cry have curdle into a sustained wail of anguish . int . garage - minnesota - night 7 the house from the beginning ( scene 2 ) . two car be park . they engine hum quietly . a firefighter open one car 's door and turn off the ignition . we now reveal that the end of a gardening hose have be tape to one car 's exhaust pipe . a second hose have be tape to the other car 's exhaust pipe . both hose trail out of the garage and into the house ... int . hallway - continuous 8 one gardening hose lead to a bedroom door . the door be now open , but the end of the hose have be tape to the bottom ... int . bedroom - continuous 9 the bedroom of the sleep man and woman ( in they 60 , from the beginning ) . it be very clear now that they be dead . two police officer survey the room . hard cut to the man and woman be zipped up into body bag . int . terri 's bedroom - same time 10 terri ( 24 ) , dani 's sister , sit on the floor of she bedroom , beside she desk . the end of the other gardening hose have be duct - tape to her mouth . a mess of vomit have dry around the edge of the hastily apply tape . on terri 's desk : she laptop . it be open to the email thread between she and dani . in the bottom right corner of the screen : '' 3 New message from dani ardor . '' ext . STREET - brooklyn , NY - night 11 dreamy snowfall in Brooklyn . Christian , bundle up in layer , run down the street . he 's approach dani 's build , but even as he rush , he 's not go as fast as he possibly could . there 's a ambivalence in be stride . he enter the front door of dani 's building . int . dani 's apartment - night 12 Wide on the live room . we be center on the couch , where Christian sit . dani have crumble there , she head shake violently against Christian 's lap as she weep . behind they : a window showcase snowfall against the dark night . dani 's sob be possess of a profound despair . it 's so intense that it look painful - dangerous even . we be push in on this , toward they . Christian 's eye be wide with worry . a worry that go beyond dani 's well - be . he stare into space , imagine a future that he 's be chain to . he look trapped . 12 13 14 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 8 continued : 12 we continue push toward they until we have push past they . the window behind they fill we frame . through the window - heavy snow raging in a black vacuum . we hold on this as we open credit roll , accompany by intense , groan score . after the credit , we slam CUT to : daylight . we be still look out the window , but it 's now late afternoon . late spring . int . dani 's bedroom - late afternoon - 6 month later 13 dani lie on she bed , fully clothed . her eye be numb as she stare at the wall a knock at the door . a well - dress Christian pop he head in . he 's grow a beard since we last see he . christian hey baber . how we feel ? dani ( look to he ) hey. ( sit up ) I be up . christian dani ( cont 'd ) I be just go to that party for like 45 minute . you should keep sleep . oh - I x11 come with you ...! christian ( hesitates ) you sure you get enough rest ? dani I be not sleep anyway . Christian pause briefly , as if this clash with he plan . christian okay , great . i’1l just be at the door . dani okay . i’1l just get dress . Christian nod for a little too long , then '' smile '' and leave the room . dani rise . stands for a moment . heavy . int . apartment - evening 14 a party in a brownstone full of circulate twenty - somethings . dani stand with Christian , who chat with josh , Mark ( hold two beer ) , pelle , and a stone hipster guy ( 26 ) . hipster guy I be fuck dread the summer . stuck in shit -ass Boulder while my dad watch Law & order all day . 14 15 16 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 9 continued : 14 pelle ( to Mark ) you have to work at you mom 's shop when we all get back from we trip , right ? dani squint with curiosity . Christian suddenly look nervous . hipster guy oh - you guy be go somewhere ? josh pelle to Sweden ! halsingland . MARK Mr. pelle 's invite we for a authentic hippie midsummer at he yodel farm . dani have pause . she have not hear this before . dani .«.. oh yeah ? dani turn to Christian , who now look semi-panicked . christian I mean , yeah , we be think about maybe - we be talk about it . dani for when ? dani feign casualness as she look inquiringly to the guy . josh MARK .-+- mid June to late July ? in two week . christian I mean , if we even go . I probably will not . we be just talk about it . Mark , josh and pelle stand awkwardly , confuse . Christian clearly have not be honest with dani . int . lyft car ( moving ) - night 15 dani sit in the back seat of a lyft car . Christian sit in the front passenger seat . dani 's eye be busy with nag gaging paranoid thought . Christian , very tense , turn ook back at dani . he force a casual '' hey '' smile . ambivalent , she '' smile '' back . int . dani 's apartment - night 16 the door open . Christian and dani enter . Christian go to he laptop and turn it on . dani stay by the door , still preoccupy . Christian look to she . christian be you okay ? 16 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 10 continued : 16 dani look at he , hesitant to start a fight . Christian give she a impatient jook : '' yes ? no ? " dani I mean - yeah . I be okay . that be just ... very weird . aying dw what ( vast g ) dani look at he : '' seriously ? '' Christian widen he eye : '' what be weird ? " dani the ... Sweden ! I have no idea . christian well - what do you mean ? I tell you I want to go . dani okay , fine , but I do not know you be go . christian well , I just decide today . I be not keep it from you . dani you already have a ticket ! beat . Christian now look cornere . christian ( shrug ) I be sorry . Christian look extremely defensive . he have locked down . dani see this , gather herself , and try to explain : dani christian ( cont 'd ) it 's just -- imagine if we be at a party and someone ask " what be you do this summer , " and my friend say : " oh , we be all go to China for three month , we be leave in two week , " and imagine that be the first you would ever hear of it ! ( correct ) Sweden . a month and a half . christian ( cont 'd ) qkay : I tell you I want to go to Sweden . dani you tell I it would be '' cool to go . '' christian dani ( cont 'd ) yeah ! and then I get the opportunity to go and I I have no problem with you decide to do it . go ! I just wish you would think to tell I ! 16 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 11 continued : 16 _ christian . well , I just apologize , dani . dani you do not apologize , you say - ( shrug ) - " sorry . " which sound more like " too bad . " beat . Christian 's eye be now very cold . christian maybe I should just go home . dani .-. I be just try to understand . _ christian and I try apologize . dani . I do not need a apology . I just wanna talk about it . pause . christian I think I should just probably go home . dani look helpless . dani I be not try to attack you . christian well , it feel like that . dani well ... I be sorry ! I be sorry . I just get confuse . Christian 's eye , look down , have not begin to thaw . dani , now desperate to reverse the mood , sit on the couch . she beckon he . dani ( cont 'd ) come on : sit with I . I be sorry . that just feel weird , that 's all . I think oing to Sweden could be really great or you . that sound amazing . be you go for you thesis ? christian quietly ) I do not know what my thesis be . dani ( brightly ) I know ! it could be inspiring ! right ? christian ( still look down ) .-. I think I be just gonna leave . dani 's eye start to well intensely with tear . 16 17 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 12 continued : 16 dani / please . I be sorry . I do not mean to overreact . please . Christian softens when he see that she 's cry . still distant , he sit with she . christian okay -_shhh . it 's okay . I be sorry , too . all right ? dani I get paranoid . I be sorry . I be go through all this stuff and I have be deal with all this panic and I just - overreact . i'm not try to pyt pressure or accuse you of anything . just get crazy for a second . I didn t mean to project . Christian stroke she hair . christian it 's okay . I be sorry , too . it 's okay . beat . Christian be wrestle with something , and then : christian ( cont 'd ) ( uncertainly ) I be gonna ask you to come with I . pause . dani look at he . he look very tense . dani what do you mean ? christian ... what I just say . dani to Sweden ? Christian nod a stiff '' yes . '' dani ( cont 'd ) you do not want I to . christian dani ( cont 'd ) I just ask you . after I break down cry ! christian well ... you ruin the surprise . dani search Christian 's eye . they be not especially warm . christian ( cont 'd ) I want it to be romantic . int . MARK & josh 's apartment - day 17 Mark & josh 's apartment be essentially a stoner 's de cross with a serious anthropologist 's home . ironic poster ( a portrait of Ronald Reagan , etc. ) be counter by poster of James George frazer and Claude lévi-strauss . there be stack of book in every corner . 17 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 13 continued : 17 Christian , Mark , pelle and josh sit in the live room , smoking froma bong . josh hold a book by johanne bureus ( title adalruna ) and pelle be draw in he notepad . josh be the swede sensitive about they history of Nazi collaboration ? pelle josh ( cont 'd ) be you sensitive about Hiroshima ? I be , yes . or the trail of tear ? yep . or slavery ? uhhh - what do you think ? Christian look extremely preoccupy . his foot pump involuntarily . he receive a text . christian ( anxiously ) hey guy , it 's dani - she 's come up . MARK josh ... okay . ( be : weed and bong ) should we clear all this ? christian no no , it do not matter . but uh - listen .. Christian go to buzz she in . christian ( cont 'd ) -+- just so iy guy know : she 's not gonna actually come , but I invite er on the trip . just to not make it weird . a moment of silence . pelle sit especially freeze . MARK you invite she ? christian yeah , but she 's not come . josh she do not want to ? christian ( measuredly ) no : I " invite " she and she naccept , " but she 's not gonna actually come . Mark and josh just stare at he . christian ( cont ’d ) you guy know what she 's deal with ! MARK josh no , we know . I just do not realize . it 's totally fine if yeah , dude , nobody mind . she join . 17 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 14 continued : 17 a knock at the door . Christian go to answer it , but before he do , he reassert : christian okay , so just : you ge ys tell I to invite she and you know that she 's come . agreed ? they do not respond . Christian now open the door to dani . she enter with a almost apologetic smile on she face . dani christian ( cont 'd ) hey . hi baby . hey eagn room ) josh / MARK / pelle y guy ! hey ! dani how 's it go ? MARK just chillin’ . dani Nice . a brief , awkward pause . josh so , Sweden ...! dani yeah ! pelle you be come , right ? dani I think so ...! if it 's not completely destroy you guy 's male bond plan . MARK / josh / pelle christian nope . / not at all . oh , shut the fuck up . dani smile bashfully . Mark abruptly address Christian : MARK hey man , can I get_you to look at that paragraph real quick ? christian ( confuse pause ) sure . yeah . okay . ( to dani ) right back . Christian kiss dani , and leave the room with Mark . dani look to the room . josh have return to he book , pelle , alone on the couch , warmly gesture for dani to join he . she oblige . dani pelle hey pelle . hi dani . she notice that pelle have be compose a drawing in he notepad . it 's a draw of the room . 17 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 15 continued : 17 dani ooh , that 's a beautiful draw . pelle oh , thank you ! I be try to be a naturalist . pelle close the draw pad . give dani he full attention . dani how have you be ? pelle pretty good ! survive final . you ? dani pelle ( cont 'd ) uh , well - do not quite og finish ! but they be give I ( realize ) a break this year ... oh , right . God . of course . dani make a embarrassed '' bleh '' face . dani how do you like the anthropology department ? pelle it 's good ! I just can not seem to choose if I hate academia or not . unlike this one . ( '' this one '' be josh ) you be do psychiatry ? dani psychology . yeah . that 's how you know I be nut . pelle also that funny look in you eye . dani laugh , a bit unnaturally . a awkward moment . pelle ( cont 's p ) so ! you be come to halsingland ! dani yeah ! I can not wait . Christian say you have get a special thing in the wood plan ? pelle oh yes - a sort of crazy , nine - day festival we be do ... dani / do you do that every midsummer ? pelle uh - well ... this specific one happen only once every ninet : ear . so it will be a first anda ast for everybody . pelle raise he eyebrow , mock -menace . dani -+- Christian say you be from a really small community ? 17 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 16 continued : 17 pelle oh yes - tiny . very sort of ... ( " what 's the word ? '' ) incestuous ? incestual ? dani depend on which of that you mean . pelle . oh - ha ! no : we be just very secluded ... pelle pull up a photo on he phone . show it to dani . it feature a lush , impossibly green field . Young man and woman 1 . stand about - all dress e hippie in white . dani pelle ( cont 'd ) oh wow ! yeah ... we do we own thing . dani look like a swedish hippie renaissance fair . ( notice another photo ) who 's this one ? dani be point out a photo of a young woman ( 20 ) in a impressive flower dress . ( we will later discover she to be ulla . ) pelle ooh - that 's last year 's May Queen ! dani beautiful . a thoughtful pause before he assert : pelle you know , I think it 's actually very good you be come . dani ( cheekily ) oh yeah ? for who ? pelle for you ! and for my family . I think you will be very ... pelle weave he finger together , signify a tight - knit connection . dani smile . pelle pause again , and he tone now change . he lean forward , sensitively : pelle ( cont 'd ) you know ... I never have the chance to tell you , but I be really so very sorry to hear about - you oss ... dani pelle ( cont 'd ) oh ...! .-.. and what happen . I can not even fathom . I mean , I lose my parent too , so I have some idea , but ... dani look cornere . tear have well up in she eye . 17 18 19 20 21 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 17 continued : 17 pelle ( cont 'd ) oh , no . sorry to bring it up ! dani no , I mean - thank you . I just .. I be sorry . ( stand up suddenly I will be right back . bathroom . thank you . dani rush off . pelle watch she with blank eye . dani , stifling tear , enter the bathroom . int . airplane lavatory ( in flight ) - day - 2 week later 18 dani have enter a airplane 's lavatory , stifling a oncoming deluge , after shutting th the door behind she , she break down in a fit of violent sob int . airplane ( in flight ) - minute later 19 we be wide , look down the length of the plane . we track forward , drift over the head of passenger . in the b.g. , dani exit the javatory and return to she seat . Christian be seat beside she at the window . we have arrive at a profile cu of they ( the window in the b.g. ) . Christian take dani 's hand and smile at she . it 's clear she 's be cry , but she hide it behind a determinedly casual '' all be well " expression . Christian go along with the pretend , and look out the window . we have begin a slow zoom past they , toward the window . the window soon fill the peame . we be fly over beautiful terrain . we have enter sweden . the captain announce this in swedish over the intercom . * omitted * 20 int . rental minivan ( moving ) - day 21 we group , now in a rental minivan , drive through stockholm traffic . pelle be at_the wheel . Mark sit passenger , hold a film theory book . in the back : dani , Christian and josh ( who read the poetic edda ) . they pass a group of beautiful blonde women . MARK ( to Christian ) Holy God , the woman here ...! Christian , aware of dani , give a self - conscious half - nod . dani happily pretend to ignore this . MARK ( cont 'd ) what be it that make they hotter ? josh the Viking grab all the best babe from other country and drag they over . they have now pull onto the freeway - leave stockholm . 21 21a salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 18 continued : 21 dani how far be we drive ? pelle four hour , about . MARK ( exasperate ) oh my god. int . freeway rental minivan ( moving ) - later - day 21a dani 's phone vibrate , waking she up . she check it ... dani' phone : a friend have just post on she Facebook page '' happy early birthday ! hope tomorrow be the best one yet ! '' dani do not react . she look to the side to notice a book on josh 's lap . the secret Nazi Language of the uthark . its cover be a runic pattern . dani why be you read that ? josh ( realize what she 's talk about ) oh! ha. ask pelle . pelle ( accept the cue ) we be teach the runic alphabet in my village . josh just carry that around to annoy I . dani ( to josh ) what be you do you thesis on , again ? josh uhhhh - well ! my focus be actually on european midsummer tradition . which be basically the impetus behind this whole trip . I be do Germany and England after this . dani ( to Christian ) that 's similar to what you be think of do - right ? for you thesis ? christian ( tensely y ) well , I don know quite what I be do . ( as you know . ) but I be think about root it in something scandinavian . dani see that , pelle ? you have manage to brainwash all you friend . pelle josh be already brainwash when I find he . 21 a 22 23 24 25 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 19 continued : josh ( be : pelle 's acknowledgement ) thank you . dissolve to : * omitted * * omitted * ext . road - two hour later pelle drive under a anti-immigration banner ( in swedish ) before pass a sign announce that they have arrive in halsingland . pelle enter halsingland ! ext . meadow - continuous the minivan idle up to a large grassy meadow . it 's lush , impossibly green , magical . about twenty young people ( teens to twenty ) lounge about . tents and camp equipment abound . a few of the woman be dress in traditional white dress and don floral garland crown . a couple of the man look like 19th century farmer , although most be dress in modern clothes . the minivan park at the head of the field . we group emerge , yawn and stretch . dani be mesmerize . pelle wave to a group of young people picnick on the grass . they clearly know each other well . girl pelle !! pelle gesture for we group to follow he as he approach the picnicker . pelle explain as they walk : pelle this be all young people from my village . everyone 's return from they trip outside . pelle arrive at the group and receive a flood of hug . everyone introduce themselves . then , across the field , a merry blonde guy ( 25 ) call out to pelle . this be ingemar . ingemar ( in swedish ) Holy shit ! pelle !! pelle turn to ingemar . his face light up , and he run over to he . dani , Christian , Mark and josh follow . ingemar ( cont 'd ) glad heliga johanne déparen dag ! pelle laugh . they hug . 21a 22 23 24 25 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 20 25 continued : 25 ingemar ( cont 'd ) fan vad spinkig du be ! vart har resten av dig tagit vagen ? pelle ingemar ( cont 'd ) ser ut som att du fatt det .. va ? tycker du att jag blivit fet ? pelle here : English . this be my great friend . josh , Christian , Mark , dani : meet my brother ingemar . best friend since we be baby . ingemar ( recount ) josh , Christian , Mark ... dani ? ( confirm ) awesome ! and say hello to my friend , Simon and connie from London . he gesture to a attractive british couple , connie ( 24 , skinny ) and simon ( 26 , spectacle , tattooe ) . ingemar ( cont 'd ) Simon and connie , this be pelle and ... all the name I just learn two second back . simon connie hey . hello . ingemar perfect timing , by the way : dagemar pull out a bag of magic mushroom . hand they to pelle . ; ingemar ( cont 'd ) we just take this five minute back . have not even start come up yet . , MARK overjoye onnn ' shit Mark grab the bag from pelle and study the content . pelle MARK ( cont 'd ) ( to the group ) do you guy wanna take it now ? or should we settle in first ? fuck it . let 's just take ‘em . dani ( to Christian ) I think I might need to find my foot first . christian yeah . of course . ( quietly ) and you know you do not need to take they . if you be feel unsure . 25 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 21 continued : 25 __ , dani no , I just need to get settle . christian dani ( cont 'd ) okay . well . I x11 wait for you . no - go ahead ! christian no , I 'il wait . we ’1ll come up together . josh and Mark and pelle have pull they mushroom from the bag . they look to Christian , ready to go . pelle ready ? christian I be wait for dani . you guy go on . MARK dude . we can not come up_at different time . they 'il be totally separate trip . christian then you can wait for we . Mark look frustrated - angry even . dani you know what ? that 's okay . I be ready . christian baby . do not feel rush . dani I do not . I be ready . MARK dani ( cont 'd ) ( false concern ) ( bluntly ) you sure ? yeah , Mark , thanks . ingemar they make mushroom tea if you prefer against the taste . dani ( consider okay . yeah . i’1ll have that . thank you - ingmar ? ingemar smile confirmation and go to fetch she a mug of tea . christian dani ( cont 'd ) do not let Mark pressure you . he 's not . it will get too of all people . complicated otherwise . it 's fine . ingemar hand dani she tea . pelle ( to dani ) ready ? salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 22 25 continued : 25 dani , now hold the tea , nod yes . pelle ( cont 'd ) okay . here we go . think happy thought ! they eat they shroom . dani hesitates before sipping the tea . christian you okay ? dani yeah . it 's good . I be excited . christian ( still concerned ) cool . I too . 25a ext . meadow - minute later 25a dani sit on the grass with Christian and pelle . Mark be off to the side , stabbing at a ant colony with a stick . josh pace nearby . his stomach turn audibly . josh uggghhh , I really do not feel good . josh hunch over to retch . MARK do not puke , dude . keep it down . christian ( to dani ) how be you feel ? dani a little like I have food poisoning . pelle christian technically you do . it ’1ll go away soon . and you can throw it up if you need to . 25b ext . meadow BUSH 25 B jump CUT to dani vomiting into a bush . Christian stand near she . christian ( cont 'd ) that 's good , baby . it 's okay . throw it up . dani rise to take a breath . christian ( cont 'd ) do that feel better ? pelle do not worry - you have it down long enough . you be still gonna trip . 25c ext . large grassy meadow - minute later 25 C the group sit on the grass together . the sun be still shine . 25 C salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 23 continued : 25c christian what time be it ? pelle nine pm . MARK ( suddenly alarmed ) what do you mean ?! pelle what do you mean ? MARK that do not feel right . pelle MARK ( cont 'd ) why ? it 's the midnight sun . it do not feel like nine . I do not like that ! it feel wrong . a young man approach . christian oh fuck . it 's a new person . MARK pelle what ? I do not want new people . no - new people be good ! a happy Young man walk past . this be Valentin . Valentin hey hey ! the group mumble hello . MARK I wanna lay down . Mark lie down . MARK ( cont 'd ) oh my god. Lay down . guy . it 's so nice . everyone lie down . except for josh and dani . for the rest of the scene , we focus be on dani - even as everyone else speak . MARK ( cont 'd ) lie down , josh . josh do not . stubborn . pelle can you feel the energy come up from the earth ? ( then , notice ) and look : the tree , too - they be breathe ! dani_look up . the tree do seem to be breathe - visibly swell and deflate with psychedelic life . they loom imposingly over dani . they groan in the wind , they branch lean ( almost reach ) down . salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 24 25c continued : 25c pelle , marvel at he surroundings , continue : pelle ( cont 'd ) nature just know instinctually how to stay in harmony ! everything mechanically do its part . MARK ( emotional ) . you guy be my family . the word '' family '' hit dani . MARK ( cont 'd ) I really mean that . you be like my real actual family . dani rise to she knee , suddenly overwhelm . Christian look to she . she look to he . he smile , but there 's something false about it . dani look scare now . this scare Christian . christian dani ? do not look like that . dani stand , panic mount . her eye look craze . dani I be sorry . I be gonna walk . christian dani ( cont 'd ) I can walk , too . no no . sorry . I be gonna ... dani start to walk off , a terrible feel rise in she . josh MARK be she mad at we ? I do not like how she do that . dani continue to walk . she 's start to think very bad thought . dani ( to herself ) no , that 's not good . no. no. she then stumble onto a group of mirthful youths - all wear flower garland . they sit ina circle as , a yqung woman 1208 ) ) play guitar and sing s& lunka vi sa smaningom ina silly voice ( to the laughter of the other ) . they all suddenly see dani , the guitarist stop play , and then ... they all burst out laughing . dani turn stiffly away , tear welling . dani ( cont 'd ) no , no , no , no ... dani tensely | speed - walk away , look down at the ground . her surroundings be throbbing visibly ( and more intensely than before ) . ingemar call out to dani . _ ingemar hey ! dani ! 25c 26 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 25 continued : 25c dani freeze . terrify , she look up in he direction , he wave she over . he 's stand with a few youth at a picnic table . behind they , connie be tend to Simon , who look ill . dani warily approach . ingemar ( cont 'd ) how be you feel ? everyone : this be pelle 's friend , dani . everyone say hi . dani they be laugh at I over there . ingemar what ? no , I be sure they be not . they probably just want you to laugh with they . but ingemar 's face be mutating as he say that . dani ( terrify , force a smile ) okay . sorry . never mind . thank you . dani turn around and walk stiffly off . dani ( cont 'd ) ( try to turn it around ) it 's okay . it 's not that . you be okay . it 's drug . she continue toward a sturdy wooden outhouse . she hastily enter and shut the door . int . outhouse - continuous 26 the interior of the outhouse be pitch - - dark . we hear dani fumble for a box of match . after rummage , she strike one match , and for the moment of the spark , we vaguely see terri ( dani 's 's sister , duct tape over she mouth ) in the dark behind dani . when the light settles , that image disappear . the outhouse , now illuminate by candle - light , be very clean and cramped . dani stand here for a moment . dani this be a coffin . ( immediately reprimand herself ) hey ! no it 's not . dani see a mirror on the wall . she look at it . hard . dani ( cont 'd ) fuck you . stop it . suddenly she skin seem to take on a translucent quality . her vein become faintly visible . beneath she cheek , it look like organic gear be turn . dani squeezy her eye shut . she take a moment , try to will that vision away . 26 27 28 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 26 continued : 26 dani ( cont 'd ) do not look in the mirror . it 's not you face . ( say that again , under scrutiny ) '' it 's not you face . '' after a_long moment , dani open she eye again . when they open , ten additional eye open simultaneously - all over she face . like spider eye . dani scream and flee the outhouse ... ext . outhouse - continuous 27 dani run frantically across the field , desperately wiping off she face ( as if to wipe off the extra eye ) . we chase after her before cutting to : ext . field - same time 28 Christian , josh , Mark and pelle be still lie in the same spot . they have hit the peak of they trip . twilight be come . in the b.g. , a group have finish set up large speaker . christian where do she go ? MARK josh it 's okay . ( look at he hand ) why the fuck do we have fingerprint ? Christian stand , panic start to build . christian dani 's go . we need to find dani . josh MARK I do not feel like stand . yeah - I do not wanna move . christian hey ! dani 's we friend ! MARK she be not all of we friend . christian MARK ( cont 'd ) what ? yes she be . that 's not nice ! why be not you ever be red by this ) nice ?! . ( tear up ) you be be mean ! I be not be mean ! dron techno begin to throb from the speaker in the b.g. with every bass punch , the surround environment thump visibly . christian dani 's we friend . and she 's sad . MARK but that make I sad ! ( suddenly angry ) and she 's not we friend ! she 's barely you friend ! ( more ) 28 29 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 27 continued : 28 MARK ( cont 'd ) you only invite she because you be too scared to be honest with she ! Christian pause , furious , and then : christian her family be dead , Mark ! MARK christian ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly terrify ) why be you say that ? because they be ! they be dead ! MARK josh why ??? ( insistent ) hey ! no ! we need to connect back to the good thing ! this be get bad ! everything 's alive right now . christian MARK but that 's just so it can die ( get , suck into later . arkness oh God ...! pelle but then it get reborn ! death be just shit fertilize crop . everything get recycle and make new again . silence . everyone look at pelle , catch up to what he just say . Christian stomp off . MARK wait ! Christian ! we need to stay together ! ext . wood - same time 29 dani pace in the wood . muffled techno drone in the distance . dani hello ?!... hello ??!! ( redirecting she thought ) it 's almost you birthday . fuck . what time be it ? ( then , pause ) you be almost bear ... you be a baby . this get to dani . she now look around the wood , fearfully . like a lose child . dani ( cont 'd ) mommy ?!... daddy ?!... ( silently to herself ) mommy daddy mommy daddy ... ( absolutely panicked now ) christian ? ! no answer . dani ( cont 'd ) no ...no .... you be alone . 29 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 28 continued : 29 then it hit dani . her eye well intensely with tear . this idea be now horribly significant . dani ( cont 'd ) ( a revelation ) you be alone . dani see a dead rabbit . its innard be splay . dani_ warily approach . magnetize but repulse . as she near , the fear rise in she . she get close enough to finally see ... the rabbit be be devoure by ant . dani look mortify , but she eye be glue . she leans in to look closer , but then -- she see ant on she arm . ( whether they be there or not be unclear . ) dani scream . she viglently slap at she arm . she then swipe at she other arm , and start slapping at she neck and face , as if she be engulf in ant . ( she 's not . ) dani look down . the earth seem to now be a pulsating carpet of ant . dani scream and run for she life . as she sprint : christian ( 0.s. ) dani ! dani freeze , eye craze . dani christian ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ..- Christian ?! dani !! dani search desperately for he voice . she find he stand at a clearing . she run for he , cry . christian ( cont 'd ) where the hell do you go ?! they embrace . she hug he . squeezy he . dani christian ( cont 'd ) I get lose . let 's go back to the group . dani ( still squeezing ) Christian . nothing mean anything . christian what ? dani ( look at he ) nothing mean anything ! we be just alone . ( tear up ) and I feel this presence - like God but not God - and it be show I this and it be laugh at I . christian dani ( cont 'd ) you hear laugh ? I feel it laugh ! I figure it out , that nothing mean anything and we be all alone , and it be get pleasure from that . 29 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 29 continued : 29 Christian be get scare . christian okay , just - calm down -- dani oh my God what the fuck be that ?! dani be now point to a big tree in the bg . several boar carcass hang from its branch . Christian see it , but instantly turn away - deny it . christian ( firmly ) no. he take dani 's arm - christian ( cont ’d ) fuck. stop it . that be not real . we be go back to the friend . fuck . - and start lead she away . christian ( cont ’d ) you be have a bad trip , and you be think you be alone because you go off and you make yourself alone . you just get scared . he 's now pulling dani , aggressively . christian ( cont 'd ) ( not even look at she ) you have I . everything 's connect . we nre all one . that be the good thing you 's be suppose to think about . we be all unify . fuck . Christian have be lead she out of the wood . they emerge onto the field , where the dron techno be now very present ( and make the visible surroundings throb to its beat ) . we track alongside dani and Christian as they walk uneasily through the grass - past group of happy , trip stranger . Christian 's eye be glue tensely to the ground , combate dark thought . dani look less frighten now than disconnect . they arrive at josh , Mark and pelle , who be now accompany by connie , simon , ingemar and the blonde swedish guitarist 0s ) , who be still hold she guitar . blonde swedish guitarist hej hej ! MARK pelle where be you ? how be you , dani ? christian ( insistent ) we be fine . she 's fine . just take a little walk . salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 30 29 continued : 29 josh ( excitedly ) do you see the tree with the dead boar hang ?! dani ( to pelle ) I wanna sleep . how can I sleep ? 29a ext . large grassy meadow - wood - hour later 29a close - up of dani 's sleeping face . in the distance : a faint , barely discernible melody . it sound like a flute . a hand reach into frame to nudge dani . she stir awake . christian ( 0.c . ) it 's time to get up . dani ..- how long be I asleep ? dani sit up . it 's still bright outside . the visual surroundings be no longer morphin Mark and pelle and josh be stand . Christian be crouch beside she . dani ( cont 'd ) do it get dark at all ? pelle for a couple hour . not completely . then something occur to dani : dani be it tomorrow ? christian I mean ... from yesterday 's perspective . dani look at Christian , whose expression be blank . she sink with quiet disappointment . ( he forget she birthday . ) Christian help dani up . she wobble . dani where be we go ? pelle where we come for . 30 ext . wood - day 30 everyone from the meadow crunch through the wood . we group be at the end of the queue ( carry they bag ) . as they walk , the melody be grow clearer and louder . it 's a hypnotic tune . the group 's foot be unsteady . dani , especially , keep stumbling over she own foot . she grip Christian 's wrist . 30 31 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 31 continued : 30 MARK ( start to take large , paranoid step ) do Sweden have tick ? christian Sweden have a tick problem . MARK what ? no they do not . do they really ? pelle it actually be a big problem . last summer a record number of people get tick - borne encephalitis . MARK josh what the fuck ? be you ( teasing ) serious ? both my grandparent die from tick . hit the floor scream . dani notice a few disparate flowers sprout up from the ground . as she walk , the flower continue to accumulate . soon she 's walk down a control , narrow trail of wild yellow flower - all lead toward a clearing . MARK ( 0.s. ) okay , well , I actually have a uncle with lyme and believe I : it 's not worth the pleasant picnic in the countryside . the group finally arrive at the clear . it open to another field , beyond which be a SMALL village ... ext . harga farmstead - continuous 31 it be a vast h&lsingegard ( a farm ) . about a hundre people stand on the grass , wait . they be dress like farmer from a swedish fairy tale . they appear to be a welcoming committee . the melody , we now see , be be play by three floutist . a bundle of speaker ( aim upwards ) amplify this . at the center of the farm be one particularly large building in the shape of a barn ; this be the MAIN house . surround this be several house , a horse stable , a temple , and different garden . the window and doorway be all adorn in ST . JOHN 's wort ( flower with bright yellow petal and golden stamen ) . Beyond the farmstead be field of crop . most of the arrive crowd be embrace ecstatically by the welcoming committee . they hug and kiss and squeal with excitement . it appear to be something of a reunion . pelle , in particular , be bombard with affection . ( many of the arrive youth have ornament robe / costume throw over they by the older people . ) salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 32 31 continued : 31 josh ( mesmerize ) this be the place ? pelle ( slightly tongue - in - cheek ) the tranquil and majestic harga . josh , Mark , Christian and dani stand awkwardly through this . some child walk up to they , to hand they wild strawberry on stick . other step up to take they bag . josh , meanwhile , be manically take photo with he smartphone . christian ( to pelle ) you know all this people ? pelle this be my family ! MARK ( 0.s. ) you know , dude , if you would warn I that this place be lousy with tick , I could have at least bring tweezers and like a spray . in the distance be a tower maypole . immense in height and width , it be entangle in lush green shrubbery and mark by a wealth of symbol . at the top of the pole be a triangle , beneath which hang two ring . while some of the welcoming committee take bag from we group , pelle bring a beautiful young woman over . this be dagny ( 25 ) . she wear a white dress with intricate embroidery ( feature distinct pagan rune ) . pelle dagny - det har be dani , Christian , josh , Mark . ( in English , to the guy ) this be my sister dagny . bear on the same exact week as I . dagny valkomman till harga ! , dani . josh / christian ( attempt swedish ) tack ! thank you ! dagny smile and walk off . a older man , odd ( 5as ) , approach . he be wear a dress . pelle light up at the sight of he . pelle odd fader odd ! lille pelle ! 31 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 33 continued : 31 they embrace . there be a moment where they rest they forehead together . ( note : throughout the film , the hargas will communicate little thing through subtly modulate expression and gesture . this be they affect , a language know only to they . ) odd ( cont 'd ) hur 4r det pa pilgrimsfarden ? pelle underbart , fantastiskt . ( in English ) this be my friend - Christian , Mark , josh , dani ... odd shake they hand as pelle introduce they . odd hello , hello ... yes , hello , welcome . ( to dani ) welcome home ! he hug dani . dani ( amused , but slightly weird out ) thank you . odd we be very happy to have you ! pelle have a immaculate sense for people . pelle smile . dani I love what you be wear . odd oh - my frock ? quite girly , no ? ha! ( explain ) we do this as a tribute : in respect of ymir and because of nature 's , they ... ( blushes at bad English ) hermaphrodite ?... quality ...? josh oh wow , that 's like the cult of aphroditus . ( then , remember ) I think the sakhis saint do the same thing , too - in brajbhoomi ? if odd be annoyed , he hide it well . he shine a tight - lipped smile at josh . 31 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 34 continued : 31 odd so ! we be you host , yes ?! so whatever you need , you just say so and we will accommodate ! today be all festivity , yet tomorrow the official ceremony begin , and you be welcome - welcome - welcome . so enjoy ! they all say thanks and odd walk happily away . MARK Nice guy . the music suddenly get louder . percussion be introduce , and the music swell to become a regal melody . everyone 's attention move to ten girl & boy ( different age - from 7 to 13 ) , all dress in identical white dress and suit . they hold floral garland crowns ( make of mugwort and vervain ) and sprig of larkspur . they be walk single - file towards a platform .. ear g on on the platform be ten old men and women ( 60 to early 70 ) . this be the elder . they wear severe or neutral sapression , and be dress in finely embroider linen . the gizis and boy march onto the platform . they each stop to the leave of one of the seat elder . upon a cue , they simultaneously lay the crown onto the elder 's head . ( two of the elder receive slightly larger crown . ) they then hand the elder the larkspur sprig . after this , the girl return bashfully to the crowd . one of the elder - a sturdy older woman ( 60 ) - rise to address the crowd . the music drop out . she be beautiful , compose , elegant . this be siv , the spokeswoman . siv glad midsommar allihopa ! as she speak , several teens - all wear outfit to distinguish they as waiter - pass out shot glass of aquavit . siv ( cont ’d ) valkomna till bord . vi har de varsta varmebéljan i mannaminne , vilket do passande . som no vet sa be det har festen vi fdrberett oss for i 90 be . she notice the non-swedish speaker , who be just arrive at the back of the crowd . they receive shot glass . siv ( cont ’d ) forgive I - I be exclude the one who be not of swedish tongue ! welcome to harga , and happy midsummer ! ( more ) salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 35 31 continued : 31 siv ( cont 'd ) I believe it be the hot and brightest that we have have in at least a decade , and this be we biggest party in almost a century ! so - wow , yes ? josh / dani / christian / connie ( as if solicite ) yeah . wow . siv smile , and proceed to wrap it up . siv all right , my fellow merrymaker . without any further blather - let 's raise we glass - everyone raise they aquavit . siv ( cont ’d ) - and let we nine - Day feast commence ! ( announce ) skal ! everyone skal !! the crowd drink . everyone cheer . include we group . the music begin again . on one side of the platform : a young girl , also wear a embroider white dress , walk up with a juniper bough in each hand . she be accompany by a teenage boy , who hold two flaming torch . meanwhile , two of the elder ( 72 ) have rise from they seat . this be ylva and dan . they be the elder with the larger crown . they move off the stage . siv now speak in English , presumably for we group 's benefit . ( as she do this , the young girl and teen boy hand the elderly man a juniper bough and flame stick . ) siv and now , in keep with tradition : ylva and Dan will make three trip . if they return with the flame intact , we vintage will be abundant this year ! alternately , if it burn out - that will be a omen of bad luck and we will know to prepare . josh turn to pelle . josh what do '' bad luck '' mean ? pelle usually that the cattle will get sick . siv yell to the air : salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 36 31 continued : 31 siv tillbaka till dédan , andar ! josh ( to pelle ) what do she just say ? pelle told any linger spirit to go back to the dead . the two large - crown elder , now blindfolded , begin to run around the Main House , hold up they flame stick . ( everyone watch , rapt . ) ghey pick up the pace to finish they first cycle around the house . they then begin circle it again . josh ( to pelle ) can I take photo ? pelle ( wink ) discretely . the elder finish they second cycle around the house , and immediately begin a third . the community seem to be hold its collective breath . the elder finish the third run-around to reveal that ylva 's fire be still burn , but ... Dan 's flame have be extinguished . a man in the audience , isak ( 5as ) , let out a gasp when he see this . everyone else sink audibly with disappointment . the elder , have finish , remove they blindfold . the elder with the extinguish torch deflate . siv gesture sadly to the crowd : '' there we have it . '' isak look absolutely devastate . Christian 's eye be on he . christian ( to pelle ) he okay ? pelle haha . the cattle be he responsibility . isak ''s eye stare off , unblink . heartbroken . he look to the cattle house , eye fill with tear . MARK ( to pelle and Christian ) how do you think he have react if I just put my finger in he butt right now ? continue the ritual , siv take the torch from the elder and walk to a healthy FIRE in a pit ( this fire be always burn ; never to be allow to extinguish ) . pelle ( to josh and Christian ) that fire have not burn out since before I be bear . it 's all of we job to keep it go . 31 31a salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 37 continued : 31 siv deposit the stick into the fire . siv pelle ( cont 'd ) hit man inte hdgre , lagorna mina . inte varmare ! ( translate ) , uh - this high be my fire , but not higher or hotter . ( explain ) it 's to keep the fire from grow out of control . josh write this down in he notebook . Christian watch josh , slightly perturb . siv now accept a BOWL of Beer from one of the child . she drink a healthy gulp , and then throw the rest into the fire . everyone now applaud , clap silently . this seem to be the end of the ritual . ext . harga farmstead - minute later 31a a group of teenager ( all dress in bright , formal garb ) emerge from a kitchen . they carry plate of food ( lamb and blood pudding ) and Beer . they begin by serve the elder . dani see that one of the teens be carry a ornate platter feature a lamb 's skull ( brain expose ) and a lamb 's heart . the platter be border by a dense spiral of intestine . this be laid onto the center of a table that have be painstakingly decorate with local flower . pelle that 's a tradition . they just kill that lamb today . one server dump a generous plate of food into the fire . other server now move to we group : who be settling onto the grass . they be hand plate and beer . dani pelle ( cont 'd ) ( to pelle ) can we help at all ? no no . you be the guest . let yourself be spoiled . one boy ruben ( 15 ) , walk up to dani . he be severely mentally handicapped and he face be horribly deform . he 's dress in gorgeous linen . ruben dani ( with difficulty ) ( shocked ) hej hej ! oh ! ruben walk off . as he amble aimlessly , people reach out to lovingly touch he - as if in reverence . pelle you just meet ruben . MARK ( 0.s. ) I be sure he 's get a great personality . the teens finish serve . they now sit with plate of they own . Mark have already start eat . josh nudge he . nobody else have begin . Mark bashfully set down he fork . 31a 32 33 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 38 continued : 31a silence . siv , the matriarch , look to a jolly elder , sten ( 60 ) , sit beside she . he stand , take a moment , and then sing a brief song to the air , as if in prayer . pelle ( whisper to josh and Christian ) he 's give thanks . josh pelle ( cont 'd ) for the food ? yes . and the weather , and the crop ... sten finish he song , and then announce : . sten lat oss ata ! everyone dig in . christian be that praying ? pelle uh - maybe not '' praying . '' but he be just address the ... everything . the harmony and the balance . josh can you translate what be sung ? pelle _ , . christian ... I can get a translation ( jump in ) from he later . yeah , please , that would be amazing . josh es now burn on ristian ) . yes , pelle , ) ehank you . Christian look at josh . a charge moment . they start eat . int . bathroom - day 32 a beautiful , long-haire girl ( 16 ) stand before a mirror , anxiously fussing with she hair . she need it to look perfect . this be maja . ext . harga farmstead - minute later 33 maja emerge from the MAIN house . all the young hargan have join hand to form a train of people . they run and dance in a long chain ( " the long dance '' ) . the maypole stand at the center of they circle . maja timidly watch the dance , smile . her eye trail off to find we group . she alight on christian , instantly smitten . it almost look like she recognize he . one of the dance boy suddenly grab maja 's hand . he pull she into the train . e laugh as she join , be pull suddenly into a human tunnel . 33A salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 39 ext . harga farmstead - meanwhile 33A meanwhile : we group be still sit in the same place gatong with connie and ingemar ) . they watch the pass ancer with fascination . pelle you guy should join ! dani I be too scared . simon approach , carry two beer . he momentarily get catch in the crossfire of a group of young boy chasing each other . he finally reach connie , and hand she a beer . simon connie alright ? ta. Simon sit . simon ( be : the boy what be they play ? pelle '' skin the fool ! '' connie skin the fool ? simon ( sarcastic ) precious . dani notice ingemar staring at Simon and connie . he look resentful . he finally avert he eye and force a smile . maja , in the dance train , be about to pass the group . she summon the nerve to gently kick Christian 's back . Christian look up to see maja pass by . she smile bashfully at he . he confusedly smile dani notice Christian smile , but do not see maja ( who have already turn away ) . Christian rise , suddenly feel bold . christian pelle ( to pelle ) how can I join the ...? you be american . just jam yourself in there . Christian uneasily jump in , he join hand with two girl . josh rise to follow Christian . dani 's eye follow they . pelle take this opportunity to turn covertly to dani : pelle ( cont 'd ) hey : very quick : he hand she a fold up drawing . pelle ( cont 'd ) happy birthday . 33A 34 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 40 continued : 33A dani , surprised , open the paper . it 's a draw of she face ( don with a extremely lush floral crown ) e style be simple , but she likeness be capture beautifully . dani oh - my gosh . pelle ! pelle dani ( cont 'd ) it 's just something I do for birthdays . maybe it 's not appropriate ? oh my God , not at all ! it 's wonderful . thank you , pelle . I be so touch . pelle anyway . just between we . dani yeah , well - do not worry . Christian forget . pelle pause , surprised . he do not know what to say . dani ( cont 'd ) ( immediately regret ) or - I forget to remind he . it do not matter . thank you so much for this , pelle . it 's beautiful . she fold the draw back up . ext . harga field - minute later 34 the dance be over , although separate group be still dance and play in the bg . pelle be now lead we group on a tour . ( ingemar , connie and Simon have join along . ) we track alongside . josh how do you guy support this place ? pelle ingemar lumber , linen , homeopathics ... Water power plant . they pass a circle of child , accompany by a teacher ( Dan ) . they be carve runic symbol into smooth bone . pelle schooltime over here . christian carve rune ? Dan take a break from teach to look up and smile confirmation . pelle ( to dani ) then they put it under they pillow and dream about its power . dani make a '' ooh '' face . josh make a note of this . Christian see that _they be now pass a old runestone ( on they other side ) . it stand erect in a untend field . salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 41 34 continued : 34 christian josh oh man - there 's a serious one . oh shit ! christian which alphabet be that from ? josh quick to answer ) look like the young futhark . ( to petle ) right ? or be that medieval ? ingemar that 's actually the elder futhark . josh nod '' ah , right " - visibly pain to be wrong . connie ( to Christian and dani ) so , how long have you two be together ? dani oh , jeez ... almost four year now ! 1 christian ent correctin three ? and 4 half . 9 ) dani ( serious pause ) you be joke . it will be three in fifteen day . Christian think about that , and grudgingly concede . christian okay , no , that be true . ( off dani 's look ) it be ! you be absolutely right . he make a '' sowwy '' face , kiss she incredulous cheek , and change the subject by ask Simon , connie and ingemar : ; christian ( cont 'd ) how do you guy all meet ? they look at each other . '' who answer ? '' ingemar well ... we be all work on the same farm , and funny enough : I be dating connie when Simon and I first become pal . Simon 's eye narrow . connie look very confuse . connie ( correct ) well - we no be on a date . which I be not even actually aware that it be a eat . 34 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 42 continued : 34 ingemar ( backtrack jovially ) right , no , I mean that connie and I have just become friend - we decide to be friend - and that be just before connie and Simon start dating . and now they be engage ! dani ingemar ( cont 'd ) oh wow . congratulation . which be amazing . yes. congratulation . Simon and connie look uncomfortable . they smile '' thank you . '' simon ( to dani we have actually ask ingemar to officiate the wedding . dani ( excited ) you do ? simon nope ! everybody laugh - include ingemar . Christian point out a giant triangular house which stand isolate in a large field . it have be paint a vivid yellow . ( two teen boy hang out beside it . ) christian what about that house ? pelle ah , that 's like a sacred temple . no one 's allow in there . christian look like it be just build . MARK ( mock sinister tune ) ooooweeeyooooh . change the subject , pelle motion toward the MAIN house . pelle let I show you where we sleep ! he lead they toward it . meanwhile , ingemar lead Simon and connie in another direction . ingemar here : come see the rotvadlta ! we group walk off into the bg , and as they go , ingemar and he crew walk profile in the mg . we follow alongside they . on they way , they pass a cage bear ( which we group be also pass with curiosity in the bg ) . simon so we be just gonna ignore the bear , then . 34 35 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 43 continued : 34 ingemar ( acknowledge , deadpan ) that 's a bear . connie see a long carpet that have be hang up ( horizontally ) on a clothesline in the fg . she approach to check it out . Simon follow . connie this be fuck cool . continue the lateral track , we move slowly along it ( have now become connie 's Pov ) . in a series of seven panel , the carpet dramatize the follow ... 1 ) a love-stricken girl in a server outfit ( profile ) stare longingly , with heart for eye , at a boy sit frontal .. 2 ) the girl in a large field , walk backwards as she gather flower . 3 ) a dual - panel , first depict : the girl lay flower under she pillow . and then : the girl asleep , dream about the boy . a dream bubble hover over she head . Inside of it : the girl and the boy ( with spiraling eye ) be kissing at they wedding . 4 ) the girl in the kitchen . she crouch over a coffee cup and drip menstrual blood into the cup . 5 ) a triple panel , first depict : the girl snip off she pubic hair , then a close - up of the pubic hair be snipped , and then the girl mixing the disparate hair into pancake batter . 6 ) the girl hand the boy the pancake as he drink the coffee . 7 ) the boy 's face , spiral for eye . 8 ) the boy kiss the girl , who be now pregnant in a wedding dress . they both have heart for eye . simon ( 0.s. ) wait . be she drip period blood into the drink ? connie ( 0.s. ) how do you think I nail you down ? we have pass the carpet to see we group arrive at the Main House in the bg . int . the MAIN house - minute later 35 josh lead we group through the two-story interior of the huge , barn - shape house . there be a large , square hole in the floor of the second story ( so both storey be visible to each other ) . on both floor , the wall be line with beds . the center of the bottom story be bare , like a dance floor . MARK Holy shit ! ( point out painting ) Dick painting . Dick painting . Dick with a pussy in the middle . a pussy shitting out a dick . Mark throw he bag onto one of they . the group marvel at the wall , which be cover in intricate mural . runic letter abound . the ceiling be especially impressive . 35 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 44 continued : 35 christian who all sleep in here ? pelle all the young one . until we turn thirty - six . then we move to the laborer 's house . josh why thirty -six ? josh have pull out he notepad , ready to write down pelle 's answer . Christian ( almost in response ) pull out he phone , ready to type . pelle pause at this . he then explain , gesture to a mural that dramatize the follow : pelle we think of life like the season . you be a child until 18 , and that 's the spring . at some point we all do we pilgrimage , and that 's between 18 and 36 . that be summer . then , from 36 to 54 , you be of work age , which be fall . and finally from 54 to 72 , you become a mentor . josh and Christian have write all this down - they eye intermittently pierce each other . ( josh finish with '' 53 - 72 -- mentor -- winter '' . ) dani what happen when you turn 72 , then ? pelle make a comical throat slash gesture . dani laugh , and begin to walk off . christian MARK not a lot of privacy . what do you do when you need to jerk off ? or give yourself a enema . now that dani be away , pelle cross quietly to Christian . he covertly usher he aside . dani have find a wall of many framed photograph . they all feature a different young woman dress in ceremonial garb . in each photo , the woman be richly adorn in summer flower and wear a impressive floral crown . this photo have be take annually for the last dozen year . dani look over to notice pelle still talk to Christian , who now have one hand behind he back . he look extremely guilty . she interrupt by bluntly ask : dani be this the May queen ? pelle oh - that 's right ! you will actually be here for that . christian who be the '' May queen '' ? 35 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 45 continued : 35 pelle every midsummer we have a dance competition and the winner get crown . a pretty brunette ( 25 ) step up to the door : pretty brunette ( announce ) barnen tittar pa Austin power om no vill vara mo ? pa falt fem . she look to Mark , smile bashfully and wave . she then leave . MARK wait a minute . do you just see that ? Christian , hand behind he back , now sneak over to dani . christian hey . can I just pull you ...? Christian usher she gently out of the front door . they move to the Front step . Beyond they , four woman ( all different age ) be gather closely as they sing softly ( " heydihrudi ... " ) to a cry baby . struck by this , dani watch this for a second . as she do so , Christian produce a sockerkaka ( sponge cake ) from behind he back . a candle protrude . dani ( confuse ) what ? christian happy birthday . he struggle to light the candle with a bad lighter . he finally succeed . dani where do that come from ? christian I have be try to find a time to surprise you all day . dani just look at he with utter suspicion . christian ( cont 'd ) what ? you think I forget ? Christian finally relent with a guilty smile : christian ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I be really sorry . I do not know it be tomorrow already . with the sun . he kiss she . she do not kiss back . he keep kissing . 35 36 37 38 38a salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 46 continued : 35 christian ( cont ’d ) dani happy birthday , happy Fine . it 's fine . birthday , I be sorry . I be not upset . - you should be . - I know I should ! he kiss she again , tenderly . she grudgingly kiss back . the baby be still cry in the bg . christian happy birthday , mouse . she force a tight smile and blows out the candle . * omitted * 36 * omitted * 37 ext . village - '' night '' 38 a high angle wide of the village . almost everyone , save for some straggler , be inside . the sun be low , look like evening ( but we be past midnight ) . int . the MAIN house - same time 38a the window have be board up for the night . Soft sunlight peek from the edge . people be climb into they bed . the baby be still crying , now in he crib , which be station near the bed of woman in they twenty . the crib be make of severe — look iron and metal . one woman lay a pair of scissor under the baby 's mattress . dani , notice this , look inquiringly to pelle . pelle the iron keep away the '' invisible . '' so the baby do not get '' change . '' pelle smile sardonically , know how it sound . dani how real be that stuff for you guy ? pelle ( deflect ) ah , who know ? dani smile . she look over to Christian , whose eye be glued tensely to josh 's notepad as he scrawl '' Iron . Babies change . ' invisible . '' Christian look threaten . pelle have already climb into bed . pelle ( cont 'd ) all right - beauty rest ! tomorrow 's a big day . josh and what 's tomorrow ? pelle ( mysterious ) first of the big ceremony . 38a 39 40 4l 42 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 47 continued : 38a bemuse , josh look dead -ey at pelle . wait for more . pelle pause , then take josh 's notepad . he write '' attestupan '' and hand it back . josh happen to know that word . his eye widen . '' be you serious ? '' pelle smile mischievously . christian what 's that ? what 's attestupan ? pelle gesture for Christian to keep he voice down . Christian pull out he phone and type '' atestupan '' into a search engine . but there 's no internet connection . christian ( cont 'd ) fuck . ( to , josh and pelle ) what 's attestupan ? josh smugly climb into bed . this have make dani nervous . dani ( to josh ) be it scary ? josh teasingly raise he eyebrow : '' you will see . '' MARK ( 0.s. ) Christian : do you wanna check my scalp for tick and then I can check you scalp ? int . the MAIN house - '' night '' 39 everyone be asleep . silence , save for the baby 's crying . dani lie awake . beside she : Christian sleep soundly . to she other side : Mark snoring . dani shift she weight . she look over at the wall mural , and notice a illustration of a happy man open he wrist with a special knife . he be surround by smile friend , and above he , a smile SUN . dani look unnerve , but she attention be suddenly drawn away by the SOUND of ... a teenage boy and girl ( clearly new lover ) sneak quietly out of they bed . giggle . they tip - toe out of the house , careful to make no noise . dani stare at this . heavy . * omitted * 40 * omitted * 41 ext . field - morning 42 in a open field , a group of women collect the morning dew ( in small vial ) from the leave and grass . they throw a sheet over the wet grass . it absorb the dew , and they wring it out into a pail . we track across this , finally pan away to find ... several man be set up dine table in the bg , the fire temple just beyond they . they be lay the table out to form a runic pattern . 42 43 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 48 continued : 42 we continue pan past this to find a large group that have assemble for what appear to be some sort of dance CLASS ( we see they in a medium wide , gently pull back ) . they stand in row of ten . at the head of the class be ylva , one of the elder who carry the torch around the house . in demonstration , she lift she arm and wave it fluidly , rhythmically , emotionally , back and forth . ( this be accompany by a hargan , oskar , who sing a wordless emotion - base song - not dissimilar to speak in tongue . the dance be inspire by this song . ) the class imitate the dancer . they strive to perfectly match she movement and emotion . ( josh watch raptly in the bg . ) finally , we have pull back far enough to reveal dani 's shoulder in the fg . she 's watch the dance class , have just wake up . she then turn to look around , marvel at the structure of the community around she . she sit down cross -legge , be mindful to soak it in . ext . farmstead - one hour later 43 the dining table have be set up to form a rune ( represent the '' cultivation of art , soul and craft '' ) . half of the community be already stand at the table . the other half be arrive now . plates of food have already be place . no one sit . our group gminus , dani ) arrive at one of the table . they gaze aroun try to understand the etiquette . they notice that a few linger girl walk backwards through a neighbor field , pick flowers . MARK someone should tell that girl that they be walk stupid . dani now appear with a bouquet of handpicked flowers . she happily present Christian with the bouquet . christian what ?! for I ? dani ja ! christian ( accept they with strain appreciation ) ..- tack sa mycket . he kiss she cheek . now that everyone be station at the table , a boy run off to officially summon the guest of honor by ringing a bell at the end of a table . after a moment , two elder ( 72 ) , both wear ornate golden dress , enter the scene . ( we will recognize they as Dan and ylva , the elder who run around the Main House with the flame torch . ) they stand with alert posture , maintain a awareness of they body as they walk . they arrive at two large wooden chair , situate at the head of a beautifully decorate table with fine silverware and golden plate . ( every other table seat at least five people , but this table have be reserve solely for this two . ) 43 43a salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 49 continued : 43 josh mouth to pelle : '' be that the one ? '' pelle smile . the two elder sit . this prompt everyone else to sit . Mark pick up he fork , only to notice that no one else have begin eat . everyone wait patiently . total silence , save for the baby who be still cry . finally , the two man pick up they silverware and begin to eat . now everyone start eat . josh be scrutinize every detail . Christian scrutinize josh . ext . farmstead - mid-meal 43a maja feverishly carve a small rune stone in she lap . she be hunch over to conceal she progress from curious eye . the two elder be receive lot of attention . next to dani , a blonde woman , karin ( 20 ) , cradle the crying baby . she rest she forehead 's against the baby 's forehead and moan empathically . she notice dani watch this , and she turn and smile . dani karin ( catch herself ) oh , God , I be sorry . I be no no ... gawk . dani be you baby okay ? karin oh , she will be . she have the , they - ricket ? where the bone be bad ? she be not '' mine , '' though . dani blonde woman oh , I be sorry to presume ! no no - she birth mother be on pilgrimage . it help they to detach . the baby be raise here by everyone . dani smile at this idea . josh and Christian be also take by this . josh sees Christian 's excitement , and quietly harden . karin ( to dani ) how 1s you family like ? dani mine ? oh no , mine be ... dani make a comic throat - slashing gesture , recalling pelle 's ; she then instantly feel guilty about it . Christian suddenly look nervous about this exchange . karin oh no ! I be so sorry . all of they ? karin already have tear welling in she eye . she look sincerely affect by this . 43a 43b salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 50 continued : 43a dani ( reacting ) oh God , no , I be sorry . I should not have say . we be enjoy we food . karin ( now worried for dani ) be I make you sad to ask ? dani no , not at all ! I just should not have mention it . blonde woman dani ( cont 'd ) please know we can talk if you like . please . I be happy ( uncomfortable ) qkay , thank you . sorry . I feel silly . thank you . ( to Christian ) sory . to talk . Christian shrug : '' do not apologize to I . '' siv , a table over , have be avidly watch this exchange . ext . farmstead - mid meal - minute later 43b everyone have finish eat . another hush fall awkwardly over the procession . silence , save for the wail baby . Mark , half - asleep , confusedly look around . he see the pretty brunette ( from earlier ) smiling at he . caught off guard , he blushes and smile back ( a little too eagerly ) . one of the two elder stand . this be ylva . she clear she throat . close she eye . after a moment , ylva begin to sing a wordless , choral song . everyone watch , rapt and emotional . at the appropriate time , the other man ( dan ) begin to sing along , softly and awkwardly at first . soon he rise , sing with great projection . MARK ( whisper to josh ) how do you think he have react if I just put my finger in he butt right now ? when the song come to a finish , siv stand to raise she glass . this prompt everyone else to stand . they all raise they aquavit . a long silence . everyone be very calm . and present . dani be move . she hold up she glass , feel energy from the group . siv finally drink . so do everyone else . the musician begin to yay they handmade instrument , and EIGHT middle - aged men break into two group . they walk to either of the elder 's chair , hoist they up , and start carrying they off . the congregation follow behind_as the elevate elder be carry up a hill . we group join they , confuse . Mark lag ehin 43a 44 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 51 continued : 43a MARK ( cont 'd ) ( to the group ) I be gonna take a nap . my head feel like a sewage blimp . Mark head back toward the Main House . dani , Christian , josh and pelle proceed to follow the community . ext . hill - minute later 44 everyone happily follow the elder of honor ( still carry on , hoist throne ) . they follow a narrow trail of flowers up a 1 there be a fork in the trail , lead either to the leave and downward or continue straight ahead and upward . ylva and Dan be carry straight ahead , continue to ascend the rise hill . the follow procession branch off to veer leave . they continue down a slope that lead to the valley of a cliff . we group , squint with curiosity , begin follow the procession toward the valley . but pelle slow down . pelle okay - actually : he hold they back . pelle ( cont 'd ) I need to warn you before we go down ... ( to dani now ) ... because you could not want to . dani be this the thing you mention last night ? josh ( smirk ) attestupan . pelle we nre about to perform a century — old ritual that be very important to we and very beautiful , but also - very far from anything you have in America . dani ( suddenly nervous ) -..- do I not want to do this ? pelle well - that 's what I be say . you be invite to . I just ... ( pause ) you remember I explain the winter stage of a man 's life ? 54 to 72 ? well , this be what happen when 72 get reach . dani okay . and what be '' this '' ? pelle pause , consider he word . dani grow more nervous . 44 45 46 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 52 continued : 44 dani ( cont 'd ) what be attestupan ? josh can not suppress a smile - anticipate pelle 's answer . ext . valley - minute later 45 the community have gather on the rocky | galley . tall cliff loom imposingly . the baby cry in the . we group stand to the side , along with Simon , connie and ingemar . Christian turn to dani , who look extremely uneasy . christian be you sure you can handle this ? dani do not know the answer to this . christian ( cont 'd ) maybe you should go back to the main house ? it 's not too late . dani start to wrestle with this , but then : dani no . I need to try . a horn sound . all eye go to ... siv hold _a wood - bound book whose cover be mark by runic letter . she open it and read in silence for a moment . its scripture be write in rune and unknown hieroglyphs ( the affect language ) . josh ( to pelle , whisper ) what 's that book ? Christian lean in to hear the whisper answer : pelle rubi radr . we scripture . josh can I read that ? pelle you would not be able . cu of rubi radr 's page , as hold open by siv . they be indeed indecipherable to common eye . siv , eye on the page , surprise we group by beginning to sing a wordless hymn . it 's beautiful , yet feel improvise , as if inspire ( on the spot ) by emotion provoke by the text . ext . cliff - same time 46 the two elder have be carry to the top of a cliff overlook the beach . they chair be set down near the precipice . they be place beside freshly carve ( and impressively size ) rune stone . the elder rise from . they seat and then stoically pu ut out they hand . specially ordain man then draw ceremo ! blade across they palm , drawing blood . 46 45 a salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 53 continued : 46 ylva and Dan rub they palm together , make they hand nice and bloody . they press they palm onto they rune stone , both leave two bloody hand - print . ext . beach - same time 45 a everyone look up at the cliff 's peak . dani be sweat bead now , she breathe erratic . finally , ylva appear at the edge . rapt silence . ylva stand there for a long time . mesmerized , josh step slowly to the side ( away from dani and Christian ) to get a better look . his eye be glue to the cliff -top . ylva , have now summon total confidence , assume a grand pose , twist she arm and leg into a stand fetal position , and extend she neck / head into a glorious reach for the heaven . this pose represent a final statement . dani brace herself . her teeth begin to chatter . she grab Christian 's arm , and then -- ylva leap off the precipice . connie and Simon scream . the woman plummet 200 foot to land fatally on the jag rock below . upon impact , a flock of bird alight from a tree . connie scream . we group be shocked into horrify silence . dani look like she 's be knock out of she body . the bird fly over dani 's head , and a sudden rush course through she . disassociate , dani turn to look at connie and Simon , who be freaking out . then Christian point upward , redirecting dani 's daze attention to the cliff -top . dani 's eye scan back up to see ... dan - the elder whose torch burnt out before circle the house three time - is_now step up to the precipice . he also strike a pose , also reach for the awesome , but he be slightly clumsier . he wobble , but he hold the pose . while hold it , he turn to look down ... at dani . simon ( panic ) what 's happen ? be he gonna jump , too ? no -- Dan launch himself off the cliff , jump vertically . connie gasp . Dan plummet straight down , but he leave foot land on the large rock that kill ylva . this obliterate he leg and . send he fall brutally to he side . Dan , unfortunately not dead , wail in horrible pain . the community grumble with concern . everyone turn to three men - each the oldest of they respective generation ( the youth , the laborer , and the mentor ) . they understand what they must do . simon ( cont 'd ) why do that just happen ? we need to call a ambulance . 45 a salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 54 continued : 45a ingemar simon ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . what 's okay ?! call a ambulance ! everybody 's just watch ! sten oer eiab wi the three man with a cudgel . this be a long - handle club with a point block of wood at the end . the cudgel be hand over to the mentor . dani watch , overwhelm , as the three man ( now armed with the cudgel ) stalk over to Dan . the die man moan pathetically , in too much pain to scream . from dani 's Pov : the man have arrive at Dan 's foot . the mentor raise the cudgel , and brutally swing it down onto Dan 's head . this be not a fatal blow . the man raise the cudgel again , and this time he strike Dan with enough force to silence he . the mentor hand the cudgel to the laborer . he raise the cudgel and bring it down onto the old man 's crown . the elder 's leg go into pathetic spasm . blood gurgle . the qaborer bludgeons he once more . Dan go limp , probably lead . the youth be now hand the cudgel . he deliver two brutal swing to Dan 's head . the mentor gently take the cudgel away from the youth , and they all return to the community . the mentor hand sten the cudgel , and everyone stand in respectful , contemplative silence . dani be gripping Christian 's arm . she be completely shell - shocked . Christian turn to josh ; they exchange '' holy shit " look . moré excite than troubled : siv bound over to connie and Simon , who be in a panic . dani tremble , powder - white . traumatize . siv ingemar ingemar ! do you not warn I be sorry , grandmother siv! I they ? kind of warn they . simon nobody do anything ! everyone just watch that ! siv simon ( cont 'd ) oh my , poor thing -- you be all just stand calmly around !! siv oh , mercy - please -- siv try to lay a empathic hand on Simon and connie 's shoulder , but Simon recoil . siv ( cont 'd ) simon you should have be warn better . what you just see be a long , long , long observe custom . that two man have custom ?! just reach the end of they life-cycle . 45 a 47 48 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 55 continued : 45a siv now look into dani be eye , but dani be in a daze . she seem to have be knock into a dissociative state . siv speak quickly to avoid be interrupt . siv you must understand it as a great joy for they . and when it be my turn , it will be great joy for I . back to Simon and orn es} we view life like a circle . shs ? a be - cycle . one thing fall and another raise . the first lady who jump : she name be ylva . yes ? siv point to a pregnant woman : siv ( cont ’d ) that baby , who be not yet bear , will inherit this name and also be ylva . and if it 's a boy , he will take the name of Dan . dani gaze at_siv , who have take on a strange ethereal glow ( like a angel ) . siv_ ( cont ’d ) but instead of get old and die with shame and pain and fear , we give we life . as a gesture . out of gratefulness . before it can spoil . siv release Simon and connie , who be no less fraught . siv now address the whole group . siv ( cont 'd ) it do no good to die lash back at the inevitable . it corrupt the spirit . ingemar ( to Simon and connie ) I be sorry I do not warn you better . * omitted * 47 ext . field - day 48 everyone be walk back from the beach . josh rush feverishly toward the Main House . Christian 's eye be train on he as he move to dani , who look destroy . christian you okay , sweetie ? dani ( branching off ) I need to not be here right now . christian okay . good idea . i’1l find you in a bit ? dani walk off , addle . Christian accelerate to follow josh . 49 49 k 50 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 56 ext . field - moment later 49 dani 's walk speed into a sprint . once out of sight , she stop behind the triangular temple , now hyperventilating . she try to steady she breath , but it 's too erratic . she break down into violent sob . that be interrupt by a shrill retch . ext . stage - same time 49 k two hargan man remove two stool from the stage ( that belong to ylva and Dan ) and rearrange the remain stool . Mark watch . in the bg , josh arrive at the Main House and enter . Christian hastily approach in the distance . MARK ( to josh 's disappear back ) how be the thing ? int . the MAIN house - second later 50 josh anxiously pull he laptop from he backpack . he sit on the mattress as the computer boot up . Christian enter awkwardly - eye on josh . he appear to be summoning the courage to say something . he close the door behind he . christian hey dude ... josh hey ! ( excitedty ) . Holy shit , right ? christian josh ( cont 'd ) Holy shit . incredible . incredible ! Christian work up the nerve : christian so listen : I have be want to ask you , or tell you , or just - mention to you something I have be think about ... josh look up . he darken with concern . christian ( cont ’d I have just be think , and I have decide ... I really think I wanna do my thesis here . on harga . josh do not react . Christian nervously continue : christian ( cont 'd ) and I want to tell you first , so that it do not seem like I be not tell you . josh I feel like I can not tell if you be joke . salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 57 50 continued : 50 Christian do not respond . josh become incredulous . josh ( cont 'd ) ( barely contain he rage ) you know I be out here do my thesis , on midsummer . at 's why I be here . christian . yeah , but not on this community . josh 's eye burn on Christian . Christian maintain a innocent demeanor . josh ... you know I be gonna want to do this . christian josh ( cont 'd ) how would I know that ? oh my God , Christian , of do you even know that before course you do ! I just tell you ? josh ( cont 'd ) you think I do not know what you be do ? it 's actually kind of outrageously unsubtle . the fact that you ! be be this bald about it . I be onestly impressed . christian what the fuck ? jo : oh , yeah - minat the fuck . '' ( seethe ) this be what I have be work towards and you_ know it . that 's why you look so guilty right now . because you know - you know - that what you be do be unethical and leechy and lazy and frankly kind of sad -- christian josh ( cont 'd ) okay , wow , fuck you -- no dude , not fuck I ! find you own subject - or you own passion . because I be actually invest in this . it 's not some glorify hobby that I be casually dip my foot into . christian oh my God ! in case you forget , you highness , we be both earning the same degree -- josh but we be not do it in the same way , Christian . okay ? I have to hold you little hand through everything . you do not even know how to use j- stor before I teach you , and you be a fuck grad student . I mean , why be you even in academia ? you do not care ! ( more ) 50 51 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 58 continued : 50 josh ( cont 'd ) which be fine ! that 's you prerogative ! just do not appropriate my actual work for you new shortcut ! this cut Christian like a knife . his eye be flaring with rage . but he stifles it . determined to remain collect , he conclude : christian I wanna do my thesis here . if you want to as well , I have be happy to discuss collaborate . if not , I guess we will have two separate these on the hargas . Christian leave . josh sit motionless . ext . farmstead - continuous 51 Christian emerge from the Main House , extremely tense . near the door , a very pale simon smoke a cigarette with connie . Mark stand with they , stunne . MARK wait , though : for real ? the two old one ? with the sing ? simon connie I can not stay here four more day , I be sorry . that 's fine . I can not , either . Mark turn to Christian : MARK Christian dude : of all the thing to let I sleep through ! Simon see Christian 's demeanor . simon we feel the same way , mate . fuming , Christian just acknowledge Simon with a tight - lipped smile . look out , he then notice in the field : several man and woman be decorate a tree that have be pull from the earth and be now elevate on its side . among the decorator he see maja , work with she friend ulla ( 28 ) . they laugh as they work . Christian gesture '' excuse I '' to Simon , and approach maja . as he walk toward she , he pass several other people work in the bg . christian Excuse I ? hi. sorry to bother you ... maja look up - not understanding . she look almost panicked . maja ( not sure of the word ) hello . salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 59 51 continued : 51 __ . christian I be Christian . ulla insert herself : young woman hello . I be ulla . she be maja . christian hi ulla . maja . I , uh -- what be you guy do ? ulla decorate the tree ! Christian try to ignore that maja be stare at he with wide eye . some of the work man also stare . christian I be wonder , uh , if I could ask - ( pull out pen and paper ) - how many of that attestupan you guy have see perform . ulla every time one reach age . christian ulla ( cont 'd ) okay ... so lot . christian right . okay . and what would be , like , a typical mourn period ? for grieve ? ulla we grieve and celebrate . maja be still stare at Christian , love-stricken . he be aware of it , but try to ignore . ulla ( cont 'd ) we must go now and keep work go . christian okay no problem . thank you . I might find you to ask more later ? ulla smile '' okay '' and walk off with maja . they wave goodbye . christian ( cont 'd ) goodbye. ( to maja ) ' bye maja . maja smile timidly and wave goodbye again . maja ( turn away ) hello . Christian smile and turn . his smile evaporate , however , when he see ... 51 5s1a 52 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 60 continued : 51 josh be stand near the stage , talk to pelle . josh and I tell Christian this already , and now I think he 's try to pretend that it be he idea , so if he come to you -- pelle well , no , hey , wait a minute : I seriously doubt the elder will approve of anything be write . they be extremely protective .. josh so I can just use aliase for everything . solve . pelle then what would be the point ? you could not even get it peer review . ( before josh can argue ) Christian do already ask I this , by the way . I tell he the exact thing I be tell you . josh .-. I think you just say he have not talk to you . pelle ( annoyed ) fuck , look : I will ask the elder . but if it be approve , you either both do it together or you fight it out between yourself . pelle put he hand up to signify '' that 's it . '' he walk off . ext . FIRE pit - '' evening '' 51a the corpse of ylva and Dan be carry ( by hargan man ) to the everlast fire pit . they be lower carefully onto the flame . hargan stand soberly about , respectful . ext . meadow - '' evening '' 52 dani sit cross -legge near the lake . her eye be close . she 's try to meditate , but she breathe be still unstable . Christian appear behind she . christian hey . dani 's eye open with a start . she turn to he . christian ( cont 'd ) how we do ? dani I can not stop fuck shaking and my tooth keep chatter . salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 61 52 continued : 52 christian dani ( cont 'd ) I can imagine . today be a feel like the neck on my lot . skin be get tighter . like I be choke . dani pull at she neck . Christian put a hand on she shoulder . christian you gonna be okay ? dani ( look up at he ) be you just not at all disturb by what happen ? christian I mean , of course , it be shocking . but I be also try to keep a open mind . dani just stare at he . christian ( cont 'd ) it 's - cultural . we abandon we elderly to nursing home . I be sure they find that disturbing . dani eye he , disturb by he nonchalance . she then see ... in the b.g. , a congregation of men and women ( all hold lantern ) be migrate off together . at the front of the queue be man carry the bejewelled tree ( which we see the man decorate earlier ) . dagny , whom we meet earlier , split from the group to run over to dani and Christian . dagny hello ! do you like to join we with a special ceremony ? dani why ? what 's happen now ? dagny special . dani ( to Christian , whisper ) I can not do another thing . dani look to the queue , fraught . among the line - up be a equally unnerve connie . christian ( 0.s. ) it 's okay . we can brave it together . 53 ext . meadow - moment later 53 52 54 55 56 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 62 continued : 52 dani ( pull again at she neck , still feel claustrophobic in she own skin ) and Christian uneasily join connie among the migrate crowd . they be approach a lake , which seem to glow in the distance . dani do they tell you what this be ? connie ( shake head ) someone better not be launching off another fuck cliff . Christian see MARK behind they , and slow down to join he . christian hey . MARK ( whisper ) dude . the elvira girl behind we keep give I sex eye , but she speak like zero English . Mark be talk about the pretty brunette from earlier . she walk behind they ( a few body away ) . Christian turn to look . MARK ( cont 'd ) no , dude , I do not say '' look . '' do not fuck announce it . Christian turn back . MARK ( cont 'd ) anyway , I be in love with she . christian ( can not help himself ) do not you fuckin’ kinda hate josh ? * omitted * 54 * omitted * 55 ext . lake - same time 56 everyone arrive at a lake . tree at the short have be decorate with lantern , and torch glow at the opposite side of the water . siv walk up to a mystify dani and connie . siv do you admire the brisinga-smycket ? connie the lantern ? siv gladje 's necklace . we give it now to she mother , kaérlek , as praise for create we sun . 56 56 a salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 63 continued : 56 dani and connie do not understand , nor do they inquire further . siv laugh , see they confusion . siv ( cont ’d ) ( to connie ) think of it like theatre . strictly presentational . yes ? dani placate she by nodd . siv smile . hard CUT to : ext . lake - minute later 56 a a bell be rung . everyone 's attention have go to the front of the lake . dani look extremely nervous . irma stand at the center of the shore . she sing a brief wordless song and then announce to the lake : irma Med tacksamhet och lovord , du drade gudinna , overldmnar vi denna blygsamma gava . Music be play as the man hoist up the lavishly decorate tree , run it towards the lake , and hurl it into the water . the lake gulp the tree down . a horn bellow . a thin man , sven ( 40s ) , step out to announce , quite theatrically : sven ah nej ! hér no mullrandet ? jag tror hon annu be hungrig . lt jag hdrde inget mullrande . ( to the crowd ) gjorde nagon av er ? grumbling all around . the consensus be '' no . '' sven jasa , antar att det kan ha varit minute egen mage . some polite laughter among the congregation . sven ( cont 'd ) Men jag vill inte riskera att férarga var generdsa moder . irma inte jag heller . Men vi har redan skankt bort vara finaste agodelar och mest fruktbara trad . vad mer kan vi méjligen erbjuda ? then a young boy ( 10 ) be hear among the crowd . this be bror . 56 a salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 64 continued : 56A bror ( 0.s. ) vi kan anvanda mig ! the crowd open up to reveal bror . he be adorn in the same jewel and flower as the tree . his costume be a imitation of the tree 's . he be clearly recite line ( with less confidence than sven and irma ) . irma du , unga bror , o6nskar erbjuda ditt liv till var alskade gudinna ? bror om hon vill ha det ! sven s& modig du do , lilla bror ! bror modig ? vad be modigt mo att resa hem ? horn be play as bror step forward to stand before the man who toss the tree . they reluctantly strap weight to the boy 's ankle and arm . they then lift the boy up and carry he to the lake . dani start to panic . dani ( to siv ) no . what 's happen ? siv smile . the boy be take to the edge of the lake , and the man begin to swing he back and forth . they be prepare to launch he into the water . dani ( cont 'd ) no !!! this mingle with other protestation from the crowd : hargan # 1 nej , sluta ! hargan # 2 lat honom vara ! han har visat sitt mod ! the crowd erupt into a cacophony of stage protest ( '' no! release he ! '' ) . the man stop swinging the boy . after sufficient heckling , the man release the boy . he then run to siv , bashfully bury he face into she dress . she pat he head with pride . everyone applaud . the performance seem to be over . dani look completely disorient . connie turn to siv. 56 a 57 58 59 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 65 continued : 56A connie so , be this just like a wiccan thing ?? siv ( confuse at first ) Wicca ? oh my dear no ! this be about reciprocity . connie , wild eye , look unsatisfy . siv ( cont ’d ) strictly presentational . dani still look craze . she turn to find christian , who ( in contrast ) look very amused . * omitted * 57 * omitted * 58 ext . field - minute later 59 dani have pull Christian to a secluded spot . she be very high -strung . in the b.g. , the hargas 's water power plant be visible . dani please Christian - we need to leave . this be feel really wrong . christian okay : look : I know it 's weird . that 's because it 's alien . we have not ever be expose to anything like this . dani christian ( cont 'd ) no , Christian : this be pagan nature worship . this be completely backwards . we should not be here . we just need to acclimate -- dani I do not want to acclimate ! I want to leave . christian baby , I can not leave right now . period . I be do my thesis on this guy - — dani what ? since when ?! christian since I decide ! today . which you know have be a nightmare for I to figure out . and I make the mistake of tell josh and now he 's compete with I -- 59 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 66 continued : 59 dani christian ( cont 'd ) so let he have it if he want it ! we should not be here , Christian . no , hey - have you even see what 's happen here ?! this level of tradition ? and nobody know about it , nobody 's write on it - and they have invite we to be part of it ! can not you see what a privilege that be ?! because pelle do ! but why have they invite we ? because he trust we ! and why do pelle ?! dani and why would he trust you , of all people ? you be opportunistic anthropology student . christian dani ( cont 'd ) maybe because we be anthropologist . maybe they want someone to document oh my God , be you blind ? this . they be perform pagan ritual ! people be jump off cliff . they depend on nobody know about this ! christian ( stubborn ) not necessarily . dani hesitate , see that she 's get nowhere . dani I want to leave . christian then you can leave . I invite you to come , and I do not regret that , but I be here for a reason . beat . Christian 's eye be ice cold . dani ... do you not love I anymore ? christian ( momentarily stunne ) what do that have to do with this ? dani ( almost to herself ) this be the devaluation phase . we have be in it for a long time now . next come the discard . christian oh fuck - can we maybe spare we relationship you textbook psychology keyword ? 59 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 67 continued : 59 dani no - this have be happen for a long time ! you have be pull away . and I have be in denial . christian ( finish ) oh , please - give yourself some credit , babe . look to I like you have get it all figure out . Christian turn to walk away , but then he stop . he turn back to dani , suddenly furious . christian ( cont 'd ) actually , you know what ? I be just gonna say something . when you casually gift I a bouquet of impromptu flower , all I wonder be how and when I be suppose to pay that back . dani ( genuinely baffle ) what ? what flower ?! ( suddenly remember ) at lunch ?? I grab that on a whim ! christian dani ( cont 'd ) oh yeah ? yes ! you have no ulterior motive ? what motive would I have ? on the day after you birthday ? when I do not get you flower ?? everything you give I be like a reminder that I do not get you something ! dani ( cont 'd ) ( incredulous ) be you serious ? christian yeah , fine - see ? play the wounded party again . you be just this self - deny altruist and I be a paranoid dick . you do not have a connive bone in you body ! dani and what be it that you imagine I be connive ? christian dani ( cont 'd ) you be , dani ! I feel like I be be lock into you debt every time you do something '' just because . " I do not do anything to '' keep ' Cause it 's never just you in my debt " ! I be just because . try to be kind to you ! 59 60 61 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 68 continued : 59 christian Fine , great - so never mind . you be right . I be the asshole . dani christian ( cont 'd ) nobody 's the asshole ! no , I clearly be ! you selflessly give I flower and I feel trap . fuck . I be suppose to be working here ! Christian turn and storm away . dani oh my God . you be gonna walk away now ?? as he leave , she cry out : dani ( cont 'd ) you be just gonna leave I like this ?! int . the MAIN house - '' night '' 60 people be close the shutter , bring the Main House into darkness . dani enter with sink eye . Christian 's already in bed . stare at he , dani walk to josh . ( she be pull at she neck again . dani do you have a sleep pill ? josh sure . uh ... josh fish a pill out of he bag . josh ( cont 'd ) dani they be intense , though . you might wanna cut it in half . I just need to sleep . she swallow it whole . int . the MAIN house - '' night '' 61 silence . everyone be asleep , include dani . there be rustling hear off-screen . dani wake . she sit up to see ... Christian 's bed be now empty . so be Mark 's bed . and josh 's . concerned , dani look to the door . Mark , josh , pelle and Christian be quietly tip-toeing out of the house . they giggle . Christian be the last to exit . confused , dani climb out of bed . she rush to the door . dani look outside to see that the group be now inside the rental minivan , which be idling off . pelle drive , smiling . Christian , in the back seat , look down at he lap , ignore dani . MARK round to the back window , smiling giddily at dani as they drive away . dani watch this in utter horror . 61 62 63 63a 64 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 69 continued : 61 the diminish car 's tailpipe belch thick black smoke . dani open she mouth in anguish . a impossible amount of black smoke ( the same color as that from the tailpipe ) escape she lung , filling the frame , and then -- we slam to a harsh insert of the gore face of the second elder who jump off the cliff . he gasp wretchedly . we then punch out , wider , to reveal that the dash body on the rock be dani 's parent and she sister . we then CUT to : int . the MAIN house - '' night '' 62 dani be asleep in bed . the last scene be a dream . her eyelid twitch as she continue to suffer the nightmare . we pan away from dani to reveal that maja , several bed over , be awake . she anxiously finger a freshly carve rune stone . her eye be glued to Christian , who be fast asleep . maja climb out of bed and tip-to to Christian 's bed . she crouch to slide the rune stone under he mattress . she then run nervously back to she bed . poke out from under she pillow be seven different flower . josh , whom we now reveal to be awake , have be watch this . int . the MAIN house - next morning 63 all of the bed be now empty , and morning activity be hear outside . dani , however , be still asleep . ext . FIRE pit - morning 63a the corpse of the elder ( ylva and Dan ) be no longer visible in the fire . two hargan men reach underneath the fire pit to pull out a tray ( station below the pit ) . this catch all of the fire 's ash , which fall through small hole in the pit . ext . bookbinding house - morning 64 in the bg , the man from the last scene carry the ash tray over to a massive rotvalta ( a fall tree whose root system be expose ) . the earth around the rotvdlta be particularly ashen . the man ceremoniously scatter the ash across the pale , chalky ground . we pull back from this to reveal pelle tend to the garden . MARK ( 0.s. ) Nice garden , fag ! pelle turn to see Mark and josh approach . in the deep mg , between Mark / josh and pelle , be two ceremonially dress man , surround by onlooker . they finish a ceremonial song before chopping a straw goat into three section , celebrate by silent clap . josh walk past it , filming it with he phone . pelle sigh and rise . behind he , sven be walk in the mg , get in the zone for the upcoming ceremony . 64 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 70 continued : 64 josh hey man . any word ? pelle josh ( cont 'd ) they say you can do it as long as you absolutely do not . use name and the location be ( nodd , excited ) never even hint at and okay . wow . okay . you will have to sign a agreement to that . josh can not contain he glee . pelle and you split it with Christian . because he come to I first . josh well , that 's -- we will figure that out . Mark notice in the distance : women pick flower . among they : inga . she be laugh with she friend . josh ( cont 'd ) ( to pelle ) here : can I ask you something ? MARK I be gonna take a leak . Mark walk off . we see inga notice he as he go . ( Beyond she , ulf - one of the straw goat chopper - have walk up to a hole in the earth . he kneel down to lay the straw goat head into the hole . he then sprinkle different herb into it and start fill the hole back up with dirt . ) josh pull maja 's rune bone out of he pocket . josh I find this under Christian 's bed . do you know what this be ? pelle ( look over it ) Love rune . it cast a love spell . christian have appear in the bg , take a few photo of ulf ( who be now pour lamb 's blood onto the hole ) . Christian now start toward we . as he approach , several animal be lead across the field ( by specially dress hargan ) just behind he . josh conceal the rune . christian what 's go on ? pelle the elder say you can do you thesis as long as you do not use actual name or location . 64 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 71 continued : 64 christian pelle ( cont 'd ) Holy shit . that 's incredible . thank you so much . you be split it with josh . christian ( as if josh be not there ) I already tell he that 's totally fine with I . pelle notice Christian glance over at maja . pelle I think my sister maja have take a like to you . christian oh . yeah . I think I notice . ulf , in the bg , have now take to praying silently ( stand upright with he eye close ) . pelle ( raise eyebrow ) you know , she just get she byxmynd . christian ha . what 's that ? pelle it mean - ( smile at the silly expression ) - '' pants license '' ? when you turn fifteen , you be allow to have sex . in the bg , ulf have notice something horrible . beard man ( 0.s. ) nej !!! Christian and pelle and josh freeze . behind they , ulf be run toward the rotvadlta ( where the recently decease elder 's ash be scattered ) . they all turn to it ... MARK be stand behind the fall tree , urinate . his two juice cup be rest on top of the giant fall tree . when he see ulf , he urine stream cease . ulf vad gor du ? stopp ! bort darifran ! Mark , look stupefy , be frozen . ulf ( cont 'd ) stoppa undan din vidriga kuk . hur vagar du ! Mark zip back up , utterly confound . he step out from behind the tree , but be still stand on the ash . 64 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 72 continued : 64 _ ulf ( cont 'd ) stick for fan ! stick ! not understanding , Mark hesitantly step away , leave the ashen area . ulf ( cont 'd ) det har &r vara fdrfader ! du pissar pa vara forfadder ! people have start gather around . MARK what 's wrong ? what do I do ? pelle ( and Christian and josh ) have run over . pelle what happen ? ulf Din lilla amerikanska van har , har pissat pa rotvdltan ! pelle MARK ( gasp ) jag be sa ledsen fader ulf ! han visste ju inte . what happen ? what do I do ? pelle you be pee on the ancestral tree . MARK ulf the tree ? so what ? I be sorry . '' so what ?! " MARK what ?! I do not know ! ulf be in a fury . he stifle it , but he eye be frighteningly wide . pelle here , Mark : let 's just ... pelle lead Mark away . Christian join . MARK what the fuck ? it be a dead tree . what 's even happen ? pelle all of we dead be tie to that tree . MARK pelle ( cont 'd ) but it 's dead . it 's a dead I know , but it 's important to fuck tree . I do not we . it 's okay . we know you realize it be special . I do not know . you would not pee just have to pee . -- well , no , on a gravestone , right ? of course not . 64 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 73 continued : 64 Mark look over to ulf , who have collapse into furious tear . arne , a sturdy elder , speak soothingly to he . Mark calm down . MARK well - fuck . I be sorry . I still do not understand what I do ... do I apologize ? pelle apologize later . the pretty brunette ( Mark 's crush ) , name inga , walk up . MARK inga oh shit . hi. ( to pelle ) sag till honom att det ordnar sig . han fattar inte . jag ska prata mo fader ulf . she smile at Mark and walk off . pelle ( explain ) she say to tell you it 's okay and that she 'il explain to he you mistake . MARK ( overjoy ) seriously ? what else do she say ? Christian now see dani in the distance , woozily look for he . he walk over to she , affect pleasantness . christian ; _dani hey ! ( see he ) oh ! christian you get some good sleep ? they arrive at each other . he give she a peck . in the bg , the other goat - chopper be stand and silently praying . about twenty other hargan stand about in the distance , stare shocked at the scene with ulf and Mark . dani what 's happen there ? christian Mark 's just completely retarded . dani think to ask more , but instead : dani I be sorry about last night . christian ..- how you feel ? 64 65 66 67 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 74 continued : 64 dani ( pause , emotional ) I do not want we to be fight , Christian . christian well - I neither . Christian look like he want to say more . dani wait for it . finally , Christian think better of it . christian ( cont 'd ) be you feel less nervous today ? dani pause uncertainly at this . horn bellow in the bg . the surround hargan cease work and everyone , include dani and Christian , look off in the same direction . * omitted * 65 * omitted * 66 ext . animal sacrifice hill - day 67 cu of a cow 's head be . push through a hole in a pillory . we zoom out of this to find that the pillory have additional hole ( extend beyond both side of the cow 's ) , and additional animal 's head be be push through they . we_ eventually zoom out wide enough _to reveal that this illory , perch at the top of a hill , have secure the head of nine animal S go sheep , two goat , two dog , a baby horse , a cow , two pig ) . sven stand to the side of the line -up . on the other side be siv , dagny and hanna . the entire community have congregate at the bottom of the hill . dani look very nervous . she turn to pelle , who already look concerned for she . dani I do not want to be here , right ? pelle ( brief pause ) yes . you do not want to be here . dani look to Christian . he look very excited . she turn back to the top of the hill , anxious . siv sing one very extend note to the air . when she finish , silence . and then ... steady percussion begins . sven strike a different pose ( physically and emotionally ) with every percussive hit as siv , dagny and hanna begin to sing . as we have hear before , it be a wordless choral song . the rest of the congregation sing along in whisper . nine young men , each hold a blade , walk up to the animal . simultaneously , they all slit the animal 's throat . the animal thrash wildly as blood drain from eir neck . he song have degrade into anguish snarl and cry . ) 67 68 69 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 75 continued : 67 that do it . dani storm off . Christian be too awe -stricken | to care . josh , meanwhile , be recording a covert video with he phone . beneath each animal , a narrow channel have be pre-carve into the earth . each channel wind and loop to eventuall converge , thus form three massive runic symbol . the blood pes rom each animal to run down the Separate canal . soon , he blood have co - mingle to fill the carefully - engineered runic sculpture . it 's horrible and beautiful . josh and Christian , briefly join in they excitement , trade look of amazement . Mark look mystify . MARK be this weird or be this not weird ? pelle now go after dani , who be speed - walk away . in the b.g. , Simon can be hear say : simon of ss . ) what the fuck do you bring we to ? dani walk past simon , who look very scared in the bg . he be confront a grin ingemar . simon ( cont ’d ) ( to ingemar , aggressively ) why be you smile , mate ? dani speed - walk away from the site ( with intermittent run ) , go for the Main House . pelle follow she , glance over he shoulder to view more of the ceremony . * omitted * 68 int . the MAIN house - minute later 69 dani enter the Main House , eye craze . she go to she bed and begin hastily pack she bag . her breathe be erratic and she 's pull at she neck again ( as if to loosen the skin ) . pelle enter . pelle dani ? dani look up , tooth chatter with anxiety . dani I be really sorry , pelle . thank you for invite I , but I really need to go . can someone maybe drive I ? pelle I do warn you this time . I know it look extreme , but we only do this once every ninety year . it 's - what 's the word -- dani I understand that it 's momentous . pelle ( that be the word ) right ! exactly ! 69 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 76 continued : 69 dani pelle ( cont 'd ) ( snap ) I do not know why we be here , pelle ! I do not know why you invite we ! okay : here : sit down . please . he sit dani down . he plant himself beside she , take she and . pelle ( cont 'd ) I invite my friend because this be a once - in- a- lifetime thing and I want to share it . especially with my friend who I know would app preciate it , because I be proud of this place . dani but I be not a anthropologist . I do not have the foundation to understand this . pelle and yet I be the most excited for you to come . pelle have pull a special homemade sachet ( contain a special herb ) from he pocket . he place a under she nose . pelle ( cont 'd ) here : smell this . dani what be it ? pelle it calm you down . she pause before smell it . pelle ( cont 'd ) go on . inhale . I will , too . demonstrate , he inhales the herb deeply . he put it back to she nose , and she do the same . she 's still tremble . pelle ( cont 'd ) be not that nice ?... I know what you be go through , dani . dani pelle ( cont 'd ) what be I go through ? I be you be go through a lot . scared . I can not breathe . pelle ( cont 'd ) I know you be , and I be go to say something now , because my birth parent be both go , too -- dani what ?! ( cry now ) that 's not what I be talk about ! 69 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 77 continued : 69 pelle i_know , and that 's fine , but please ... my birth - parent both die when I be a little boy . they burn up in a fire , and I become - technically - a orphan . so believe I when I say I know what that be , because I do . yet my difference be : I do not get a chance to feel lose . because I have a family - here - where everyone embrace I and sweep I up and I be raise by a community that do not bicker over what be theirs and what be not theirs . that 's what you be sacrifice to . but I — _have always feel ...held . by a family . a real family . which everyone deserve . and you deserve . dani look down at pelle 's hand gripping hers . dani Christian could walk in . pelle he 's what I be talk about . and he 's ny g good friend and I like he ... but o4 you , feel held by he , dani ? do he be like a home to you ? his eye be lock intensely on dani 's . she do not turn away . pelle ( cont'd my pilgrimage have be fun , New York be fun ... but I also find it terrifying how people live . as if it 's necessary and even good to be lose and drift ... and I have not spend one night over there that I have not long tg be back here ... in the lap of the hargas . dani look almost hypnotize as she look into pelle 's eye . pelle ( cont 'd ) stay , dani . please . it will be ood ... and I swear we be all inished sacrifice animal . dani give a weak half - laugh . she relent . she sit up straight and wipe she eye , regain composure . pelle ( cont 'd ) good . pelle stand up . you be a very they thi y pathic person . pelle well , we first language here be strictly emotion - base . so I could just be use that to manipulate you . dani pause at this . pelle stick he tongue out , teasing . dani smile , relieved . 69 70 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 78 continued : 69 pelle ( cont 'd ) you be super vulnerable , though . and I mean that in a great way . it 's very rare . it 's beautiful . dani be touch , but try to hide it . dani ( be : the herb ) can I smell that again ? pelle ( hold it out ) you can have it . ext . animal sacrifice hill - same time 70 the ceremony have end . Simon and connie stand freeze , traumatize . Simon be visibly distraught . he stare up at the top of the hill , where the blood -drain animal be now be take from the pillory . simon be we eat that animal ? ingemar simon ( cont 'd ) not that one . and why not ? ingemar ( see the aggression ) engbecause they be not kill for at . simon so what be they kill for ? so we could watch that shit and clap ? ingemar smile . this infuriate Simon . simon ( cont ’d ) connie what the fuck be that smile , ( try to calm he ) mate ? get it off . Simon ... this have draw attention . people be now look over . ingemar simon ( gesture ) we can talk about this over here . why do not we talk about it before you take we here ? ingemar gently touch Simon 's arm to lead he away . simon ( cont 'd ) ( pull back he arm ) do not sort I out , mate ! sten speak up . sten what 's offend you , son ? salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 79 70 continued : 70 simon what 's offend I ? besides the fact I just see something I can not ever unsee , I be offended that ou be teach impressionable id to sacrifice innocent animal ze include a fuck defenseless log -- irma speak up . irma we sacrifice defenseless animal yesterday , too ! to fill you belly ! sten . ; why be we use '' sacrifice '' like it 's a dirty word ? simon irma because it 's fuck why be you swear ?! we be medieval ! not swear ! sten gesture to irma to calm down . sten ( to Simon ) be you even aware you be in you body right now ? ( then ) sacrifice be essential in any relationship . let 's put it in you term - — simon what be my term ? you do not know my term - — sten ( continue , louder ) say you be entangle with a lover who can not put you need before she own . connie what do that mean ?! sten ( to connie now ) say you partner can not part with even a fraction of he own comfort to give you what you need . and show that you , be appreciate . of both of they now ) would not you resent they ? would not you start to neglect they yourself ? maybe ing d even want to punish they for take you for grant . ( to Simon ) sacrifice be proof . and without it , I be sorry , but no union can last . beat . Simon pop the bubble : 70 toa salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 80 continued : 70 alright . hank. you for that . and now we have see two people kill themselves and nine animal get ble to death , so I think we be leave . sten I will happily drive you to the station . simon Lovely . thank you . ( to connie ) let 's go . we be get we thing . sten ( gesture ) I do need you help jum ing the truck , if you will be so simon you need my help specifically ? stev who be I drive ? Simon pause . simon ( to connie ) go pack we stuff . i’1l pick you up out front in - ( to sten ) - five minute ? __. sten very fine . connie do not want to 9° alone . she hesitates and then walk quickly off . we track alongside connie , follow she away . as connie speed - walk , panic rise in she . she look back a few time , make sure that she 's not be follow . ext . MAIN house 70 a she arrive at the MAIN house . dani and pelle be stand outside . they watch she storm past . dani connie be you okay , connie ? ( not stop ) yeah . sorry . we be actually leave . we stay outside with dani and pelle in a wide . before long , odd come run up . odd connie ! connie step out . she lug she bag and Simon 's bag . odd ( cont 'd ) Simon tell I to tell you . ( catch he breath ) Jan drive he to the train station . ( more ) salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 81 toa continued : 70a odd ( cont 'd ) after Simon get drop off , he 's send the truck straight back for you - connie odd ( cont 'd ) what ? - and you 'il meet he there . connie no . why would he go without I ? he would not do that . odd the truck only have room for two . connie what do that mean ? that 's not true . why would not he tell I ? odd today 's only train leave in ninety minute . it take thirty - five minute to drive there and back . they do not want to waste time . connie so I could have sit on he lap ! odd Simon say that , too . yet we do not break traffic law . connie look to dani , incredulous . connie ( to odd ) . they just leave without I , just now ? odd there be not room in the truck . yet it be come right back . for you . connie shake she head , not buy it . she walk off , on a mission to find out more . odd turn to dani : odd ( cont 'd ) lunch in a bit ! 71 * omitted * 71 72 * omitted * 72 73 ext . field - day 73 Mark , stand in the shadow of the kitchen -side , peer cautiously around the corner . he 's listen to ( and try to catch a glimpse of ) ulf , who cry into the shoulder of mat ( late 60 ) , a handsome elder . d he 's still devastate over the desecrate rotvalta . mat jag vet . det be obegripligt . Men han fd6rstod inte vad han gjorde . Beyond this , Christian be interview Valentin ( 20 ) . Christian take note as he ask question . two harga woman listen in , smile . 73 74 75 76 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 82 continued : 73 Christian 's eye keep straying to josh , who be also question people . they be now racing to gather info . christian how be role or job assign ? Valentin that 's base on trait we show as kid . for example : ( point to mat ) he be assign '' to protect , '' so he make he pilgrimage as doctor . Christian quickly write this down . dani walk up to he . christian hey . you okay ? dani --- Simon leave without connie . christian ( faux concern ) really ? that 's so shitty . Christian bluntly return he attention to Valentin . christian ( cont 'd ) ( to happy man ) actually - what about coupling ? be incest ever a problem ? dani pause , disturb by Christian 's indifference . for the first time , she actually look scared of he . Valentin ha ! well , the blodline be very well preserve , so the elder must approve mate . cousin can sometimes mate , but we do respect the incest taboo , so ... we often need to invite outside people . Christian be take feverish note . dani watch he with a new kind of scrutiny ; a new kind of distrust . as Christian write , he glance over at something , and then do a double take ( '' what the hell ? '' ) . dani also look ... josh be be lead to ruben 's temple by arne ... Christian stare at this , wild - eye . dani walk disdainfully away from he . * omitted * 74 * omitted * 75 ext . farmstead - minute later 76 dani walk idly around , think about she exchange with pelle ( and about Simon leave connie ) . she hold the herb ouch that pelle give to she . as the gear turn in she head , er attention fall on ... 76 t6a 77 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 83 continued : 76 a large kitchen in one of the house . a group of women ( all age ) collaborate to prepare dinner . one woman , ulrika ( 30 ) , see dani and wave she over . dani pause and then approach . ulrika would you like to help join we ? dani sure ! she step up . dani ( cont 'd ) do you know ... have you see Simon ? ulrika oh , yes , he be drive to the station . do you not say goodbye ? dani no. I do not . but that 's okay ... ( mind still racing ) what be we make ? ulrika meat tart ! dani smile '' ooh ! '' and join the woman . she 's hand a apron . another woman say something to dani in swedish . ulrika ( cont 'd ) ( translate ) hon sager att du do s& vacker . dani oh ! she 's so beautiful ! meanwhile , maja be prepare a tray of unbake meat pie . one of the pie be clearly very specia she distinguish this one by lay a special basil leaf on top . ext . farmstead - same time 76 a siv_ stand among labour man , stare at the kitchen window . she watch dani . behind she , the maypole be be transport from its original placement . int . temple - same time 77 the holy temple . josh stand near the altar with arne , who have pull the rubi radr from a elevate pedestal . he show josh the text ( write in the graphic affect language - a_combination of rune and abstract hand painting ) . the wall of the temple be line with thousand of book that look like variation on the rubi radr . arne we describe it like '' emotional sheet music . '' josh what do it say ? arne well ... each runic letter stand for one of the 16 affect , which be grade from most holy to most unholy . this one be about grief . ( more ) salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 84 77 continued : 77 arne ( cont 'd ) you can see at the end , however , we have blank page ? indeed the last half of the book be blank . arne ( cont 'd ) this be because the rubi radr be a forever work in progress . forever evolve . we have many hundred of ese . josh and who decide what 's add ? arne well - this iteration be be write by ruben . arne point to ruben , the deform boy , who be play outside . josh ( confuse ) the ... disabled ? arne since birth . he draw and the elder interpret . he show josh the first page . they be mark by handprint -— all in different color of paint . ( below the drawing be illustrative interpretation . ) arne feo ruben be uncloud by normal cognition . it make he open for the source . josh so ... what happen when ruben die ? do you just wait until a new baby be not '' cloud '' ? arne ruben be a product of inbreed . all of we oracle have be deliberate product of inbreed . josh 's jaw hang . he hide he amazement . josh can I possibly take a photograph ? arne ( suddenly alarmed ) what ? no. absolutely not . arne close the book . josh arne ( cont 'd ) okay . sorry . absolutely not . a tense beat . Broken suddenly by a very distant scream , too far away to discern whether it 's make by a man or animal . tia 78 79 80 81 82 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 85 int . kitchen - evening tia five second earlier . dani be take pie out of the oven , but then the same distant scream from the last scene make she halt . * omitted * 78 * omitted * 79 * omitted * 80 ext . FIRE temple - evening 81 five second earlier . Mark , who be just approach the triangular temple , freeze to investigate the distance scream . it be follow by nothing . his attention now return to the temple , where a group of young woman be enter and exite . the woman enter carry large floral ornament ; the one exite be fetching new ornament from a pile . Mark keep he distance , but continue to warily approach . inga emerge from the house , but when she see he , she pause and hesitantly wave hello . MARK ( to himself ) fuck , yep , that 's she . embarrass , Mark give a half - wave , then instinctively turn away , as if to change course . MARK ( cont 'd ) fuck . he then force himself to turn back . still look at he , inga have return to work , have pick up a big piece of floral ornamentation . she turn she back to he as she be - enter the temple . behind Mark , the young boy bror run from one group to another , announce : bror ( 0.s. ) maten be klar ! ... det be dag for mat ! ext . field - evening 82 the dining table be now set in a runic pattern ( symbolism tbd ) . everyone be seat . Christian , dani , josh and Mark sit at a table . pelle be seat a few seat away . dani glance over at he . he smile warmly and look away . dani 's eye linger on he . the server be lay plate in front of everyone . one es specially coy - looking server set a plate in front of istian . it feature the special meat pie with the basil leaf on top . christian thanks . salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 86 82 continued : 82 dani turn to Christian . dani / have anyone see connie ? christian I think Mark do earlier . MARK yeah , I be pretty sure I notice she try out for the sprinting olympic . dani what ? where ? jarl , a happy hargan , insert himself . ( Valentin , beside he , smile and nod in agreement through this . ) jarl sorry , but I can say what happen . her boyfriend call the landline from the train station and calm connie down . then she begge we pardon and I drive she to meet he . a brief pause as everyone consider this . christian okay , well , that 's a relief . dani why would Simon would leave without she ? christian I be sure it be just miscommunication . dani ( after a moment ) I could see you possibly do that . christian .-. the hell do that mean ? dani eeceese never mind . Christian stare at dani . surprise at the uncharacteristic defiance . meanwhile , Mark have notice ulf stare at he from a distance . ulf have murder in he eye . MARK ( to josh ) fuck . somebody 's still sore about '' the ancestral tree . '' josh look up to see ulf , whose eye really be train on Mark . josh yikes . 82 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 87 continued : 82 MARK be he gonna kill I ? josh , preoccupy , turn to Christian . he ask , faux - casually josh do you learn anything about the rubi radr ? christian ( mock -delight ) oh , what ? you wanna collaborate now ? josh ignore this and move on to he food . christian ( cont 'd ) i_know that one elder give you a glimpse . josh ( abruptly ; end it ) thank you . sorry I bring it up . Christian seethes . he take a bite of he tart . as he chew , he catch something on he tongue , and pull a pubic hair from he mouth . his eye widen with alarm . MARK ( see this ) oh my God , dude . what the fuck ? dani ( inquire ) what be it ? MARK dani ( cont 'd ) be that a fuck pube ? ew. christian it 's just a hair . MARK yeah . a pubic hair . christian MARK ( cont 'd ) ( embarrassed ) why be you embarrassed ? shhh ! calm down . they be the one hand out hair pie . Christian tense up , embarrassed by Mark . he then notice : maja be look at he . dani catch this . Christian self - consciously break the gaze , take a sip of he drink ( a pink -tint mead in a crystal glass ) . Mark notice that ulf be still stare he down . MARK ( cont 'd ) Jesus . he 's still lookin’ at I . josh look tensely at he note . he stare at a line that read : affect -- runic combination , '' emotional sheet music " , follow by different examplé of the affect hieroglyphics . 82 83 84 85 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 88 continued : 82 inga , the pretty brunette , sneak up behind Mark . she whisper in he 's ear . inga you will come with I ? Mark turn to she , startle . he smile widely . MARK what ? inga you will come ? I show you . MARK uhhh ... oh -kay . inga MARK ( cont 'd ) yes ? yeah . okay . sure . great . Mark rise from he seat . MARK ( cont 'd ) ( to he friend ) I will be back , I guess ? she 's gonna show I ... Mark look very excited as he walk off with inga . she take he hand and lead he toward the wood . dani somebody for everyone , I guess . josh be so immerse in he thought , he do not even notice Mark be lure away . int . the MAIN house - '' night '' 83 everybody be climb into bed . josh 's eye , however , be busy . he 's think intensely about something . dani sneak up on he . dani hey. can_ I steal another sleep ill ? only half this time . josh oh. yeah . okay . josh fetch she a pill . she take it and move to she bed . josh crawl stiffly into he bed . he 's still wear he shoe . int . the MAIN house - later 84 everyone be asleep , except for josh , who look as tense as before . he sit up , scannin @ room to make sure nobody be awake . he then climb quietly out of bed . he creep to the door and silently exit . ext . the MAIN house - continuous 85 josh rush across the grass . it 's now darkest twilight . he hustle to the temple , glance nervously about . 86 87 88 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 89 int . ruben 's temple - foyer - continuous 86 josh pass the dark foyer to enter through the Temple Doors ... int . ruben 's temple - continuous 87 josh sneak into the Temple . ruben be asleep by the door . josh creep past he to app reach the pedestal feature the holy book rubi radr . he ls out he phone , turn on the flashlight , and begin thking silent photo - page by page - of rubi radr 's text . while he anxiously photograph , josh keep glance up at the Temple door , make sure he 's still alone . he have photograph about fifteen page when he hear the front door creak open . josh freeze . he look up . through the Temple 's open door , he see someone stand in the dark foyer . the person be barely visible in the dimness . after some scrutiny , josh make it out to be MARK . he be stand motionless . josh ( relieved , whisper ) what the fuck . Mark ? but Mark do not move or speak . josh ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) the fuck be you do ? Close the door ! we be not suppose to be here . Mark still do not move . despite how hard it be to see , one can tell that he body look bulkier than usual . and he face seem somewhat swollen . josh look unsettle . he start move toward the door . josh ( cont D ) ( whisperin Mark ? hello ? W I the fu--? MARK step forward . it be now bright enough to see ... this be not Mark . it 's a larger man , he 's wearing mark skin ( which be stretch uneasily over the man 's bulkier eature ) . upon closer inspection , one might identify this feature ( and the blue eye ) as belong to ulf . before the full horror of this revelation can register on josh 's face , he be struck against the head by a bludgeon force ( the end of a cudgel wield by a off -screen hargan ) . josh collapse to make a sustained , involuntary groaning noise . a quiet moment as '' Mark , '' eye invisible behind the skin mask , stare down at josh 's twitching body . josh 's body be swiftly dragge out of frame . int . the MAIN house - morning 88 outside , the rooster crow . people stir awake in they bed . josh 's bed be empty . as be mark . 89 89 a salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 90 ext . farmstead - morning 89 Breakfast time . the table be shape to form the '' stability '' pattern . dani , Christian and pelle look quizzical y around . the community be dress in more colorful clothes than usual . dani could Mark still be off with that girl ? pelle I would not be surprised . dani then what about josh ? christian I be honestly not too concerned . sten stand up . a hush fall cleanly over the scene . sten we have something regretful to announce . this mornin nineteenth book of rubi a radr be find miss from the temple . we be not hope to point finger , yet we ask kindly that whoever take it , please return it to its original place . you can leave it in the temple , which will be leave unguard and unwatch . nobody need know it be you . if it be not return by tonight , other action will be take . thank you . he sit down and everyone uneasily resume eat . christian ( under he breath ) fuck. ( to dani and pelle ) which of you be surprised ? ext . farmstead - later 89 a Breakfast have end . Christian , dani and pelle deposit they dirty dish at the wash station , only to turn around and see arne and sten walk toward they . we group anticipate the follow question : arne where be you friend josh ? christian I know . we have no idea . arne he and you other friend disappear on the same day . you see how it look . christian yes , obviousl but I swear to you — we be comple ely in the dark on this . we be every bit as confuse as you be . 89 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 91 continued : 89 dani ( not sure whether to say it ) we do see Mark go off with one of the girl last night . sten what girl ? pelle inga . sten think about this . irma have join . Christian interject : christian but Mark would not have do this . josh , however : he come to bed with we , and when we wake up : he be go . and if he do take that book , T just pray you understand : we do not identify as friend of he , or collaborator , or a thing . I certainly do not vouch for he and we would be so embarrassed to be connect to this in any way . beat . arne relent . arne christian ( cont 'd ) ..- let 's just hope it get return . yes . I hope that very much . pelle I feel responsible . arne well - you and odd can go lookin for they . maybe you can redeem this . pelle nod , walk to odd , and they proceed toward the truck . sten turn to dani and Christian . sten to dani ) you will be go with the woman for the day 's activity . karin be stand behind sten , ready to take dani . she step forward to hand dani a special summer dress . sten ( cont 'd ) ( to Christian ) and siv ask to see you in she house . christian ( nervous ) why ? the elder do not have the answer . christian ( cont ’d ) ..- which one be hers ? the elder point to a SMALL white house across the field . Christian nod '' okay '' and start toward it . as he walk , he hear : 89 90 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 92 continued : 89 pelle ( 0.s. ) odd ( 0.s. ) grandfather sten ! the truck be go ! sten ( 0.s. ) what ?! Christian turn to see a distraught pelle and odd . odd they take the truck . pelle stare dagger at Christian , and then turn back to odd . Christian , very uneasy now , proceed to the small white ouse ... ext . field - day 90 ecu of a bright yellow -green paste . it 's be mashed vigorously in a bowl . the paste be make of ground - up flower . a fat scoop of the paste be drop into a large glass jug of spring water ( perch on a table ) . the paste be stirred into the water . a queue of women ( between 16 and 45 ) have form behind the table . one by one , the woman accept a cup of the water . they drink it ( sometimes after nervous hesitation ) . in the bg be the maypole . dani have join the line . karin ( whom she befriend earlier ) be in front of she . dani everybody know what this be ? karin oh yes . this be the big one . karin smile mischievous ] dani smile skeptically back . they arrive at the '' water '' table . both be hand a cup . . dani it 's just water ? karin not just . it be for the competition . karin gulp hers down , and then gesture '' you now . '' dani pause , and then knock it back . ( ulla and maja watch closely in the bg . ) karin ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) uh-oh ! she laugh and hug dani . karin ( cont 'd ) here we go ! dani look very nervous . 91 92 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 93 ext . field - maypole later 91 Three circle of women have form around the maypole . the inside circle ( of about 8 woman ) be surround by the middle circle ( about 15 woman ) which be surround by the large , outside circle ( about 22 woman ) . the man , child and older woman have gather on the grass to watch . irma stand with musician ( fiddler , key-harpist , and floutist ) . dani stand in the middle circle . all the neighbor woman look very excited . dani look down at the earth . at first everything look normal , but then she notice ... grass have begin to sprout from she shoe . dani look up . fuck . she 's trip . irma speak up . irma det var har , fdr lange sedan , som de mérke lurade hargas ung - dom ut i graset och férfdrde dem in i dan . nar de val bérjat kunde de inte sluta , och de dansade sig till déd . nu , i livsbejakande trot mot de mérke , dansar vi till vi stupar . hon som star ensam kvar pa slutet , kommer att krénas fdr sin uthallighet . irma clap she hand once . the musician play a long , sustained note . all of the woman join hand and slowly dip to a cross - legge bow . the musical note die , a brief moment of silence , and then ... the music begins ! ( it be the song of the hargas . ) the woman begin to dance . the inside circle dance in a chain to the leave . the middle circle to the right . the outside circle to the leave . dani stumble as she find she way into the dance . once she hit she stride , she smile . karin look back at she and laugh good - naturedly . dani laugh back ! int . SMALL white house - SMALL room - siv 's house - same time 92 Christian sit in a small wooden chair in the empty live room . the wall be completely cover in runic mural art . Christian linger on a particularly strike illustration ( paint in the wall 's center ) in which a bear be be burned alive before several onlooker . a door open to reveal siv . siv please . come in . Christian rise to follow siv into the other room ... 93 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 94 int . SMALL white house - larger room - siv 's house - 93 continuous a spare room . two stool in the center . siv take a seat in one of they . it become clear that Christian be also to sit . he oblige . siv 's posture be perfect . Christian self - consciously correct he posture . a long silence , and then : christian I just need to say , I have no idea where josh go , and I can swear to that on my mother 's life . siv how do you feel about maja ? Christian pause . siv be stone . she give he nothing . christian about maja ? siv just wait . christian ( cont 'd ) how do I feel about she how ? siv you have be approve to mate with she . you be a ideal astrological match and she have fix she hope on you . christian we have not even really speak . siv she fix on you before you come . pelle show she a photo . christian ( pause ) I have someone here with I . I be with dani . siv dani will not know . I be not propose marriage . you would not be approve for that . christian so ... you '’re ask I to what ? siv I be ask you if you care to mate with maja . it be a one - night offer . christian ...- she 's very beautiful . salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 95 93 continued : pause . christian ( cont 'd ) I think I eat one of she pubic hair . siv that sound probably right . beat . Christian do not know what to say . siv ( cont ’d ) from a academic perspective , it would also provide a unique glimpse into we sexual rite . christian can I not have a unique glimpse without participate ? siv smile at the silly question . christian ( cont 'd ) can I think about it ? siv you can think about it right here . tonight be the time of alignment . then it 's do . a long , conflict pause . christian I do not think I can . siv ( pause ) be that you answer ? Christian hesitates . he 's very tear . 94 ext . SMALL white house - minute later Christian emerge from the house in a daze . we track back with he . his eye be fraught as he wrestle with the moral quandary . but as he continue to walk / think , a vague smile sneak onto he face . Christian look ahead to see the dance competition in the distance . he 's walk toward it . 95 ext . field - maypole - same time dani be still engage in dance , although it 's now the tree - enis dance . it 's a dizzying sp spectacle , and the mount allucination be clear the music stop abruptly , and everyone freeze . irma vand ! y take they toll on the dancer . 93 94 95 95 95 a salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 96 continued : 95 everybody run to find new position . karin pull dani to a new Spot . the music now resume and they all begin a new dance , weaving in and out . one woman stumble to she knee , laugh . she be now disqualified . she walk off to sit on the grass and watch . another woman pull out of the circle to retch nearby . she be also disqualified . dani , who be have fun , be suddenly disturb by the retching sound . she feel sick for a second . dani ( thought turn ) josh ...? karin turn happily to dani . karin do not slip ! dani look to she . karin ( cont 'd ) can you hold on ?! dani get a second wind . she 's back . maja , who be dance in the outside circle , see christian arrive . he join the onlooker . maja decisively feign collapse , opting out of the dance . she stumble over to the onlooker , affect dizziness . she glance over at Christian , smile at he . he smile back . she coyly sit a few people over . the electricity between they be pable . the music stop abruptly again . all the dancer turn around , switch hand . as the music start again , one woman topples to she side , bring down two of she neighbor . she and one other laugh ; the third woman be furious . ext . field - maypole - later 95 a many of the woman have now be disqualified . dani be still in the run ! she seem determine to stay alert and compete . there be ten remain woman ; five run in one direction and the other five run in the opposite direction , weaving around each other . irma open she arm swiftly and the musician cease play . the dance woman stop , and two of they collide . they fall to the ground . irma Atta ! the onlooker clap silently . karin turn to dani , give she a big hug and kiss her on the lip . dani , startle , turn self - consciously to the '' clap '' onlooker . she see christian . he be not pay attention . feeling dani 's gaze , he eye go to she . she stare blankly . taken aback , he give she a smile . she do not smile back . she 's very much in the grip of the psychedelics now . 95 95 B 95c 95d salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 97 continued : 95 dani 's hand be take by woman on either side of she . the music start and they commence dance . omitted 95b ext . field - maypole - meanwhile 95c Christian sit among the onlooker . he be chill by he last encounter with dani . suddenly , he notice ulla ( whom he meet earlier ) walk toward he . she arrive at he foot , hold out the cup of the flower - spike water . ulla for you . christian what be it ? ulla spring water with special property . christian ( skeptical ) what 's it do ? ulla break down you defense and open you for the influence . christian -.. I be worried I 'il have a bad trip . Christian look back to maja . she 's now look directly at he . her eye be languid , confident . she do not break the gaze . Christian turn to ulla , and accept the water . he sip it . sip it again . knock it back . settle into the idea that he 's now go to hallucinate , Christian look back to the maypole . the woman be still dance in a circle . ext . field - maypole - in the dancing circle 95d dani 's eye betray rise panic . one woman ( majvor ) say , as provocation : majvor om vi stannar nu , kommer allt fortsatta snurra ( runt ) ? ulrika , the small woman we meet earlier , reply : ulrika ( laugh ) tank om vi skulle titta ner och det var tusenfotingar dverallt ? ulrika laugh , and then look down . as imagine , she see the round as a squirming blanket of centipede . she scream in orror , desperately fleeing the circle . 95d 95 Da 95e salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 98 continued : 95d another woman have look down to see the same thing . she also scream , and run off . dani look down , panicked and confuse . it 's just the earth beneath she foot . dani there 's nothing there . dani look up . she laugh with relief , still confuse . karin ( smile ) that 's right ! hold on to you brain ! CUT hard to : insert : inga 's face slamming into pole after rushing toward 95 Da it with ascending arm . insert : woman spraying vomit into the AIR . ext . field - maypole 95e now , only dani and two other woman be in the run . one of this be karin . the other be a good - nature brunette . they each dance separately , no longer hold hand . the brunette 's leg be clearly less stable than dani 's or karin 's , and she be tired and stumbling . competition have be grow in dani . she 's so close to win that she can now taste it . karin turn happily to dani. . karin ar du trétt ? dani , still dance : dani I do not speak swedish ! karin ( not understanding ) what ?! dani repeat herself , but it come out as : dani aewobeemeewish ! karin , understanding , respond : karin waweroobeeny ! dani ( somehow understanding ) aewabeeny-sa-aewonnerstabloo ! they be speak complete gibberish , but they understand each other perfectly . dani be amaze . salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 99 95e continued : 95e dani ( cont 'd ) ( excitedly remark on this ) weerabbleeishcobleraymib! karin nod manically , agree with this . karin blorishcobleraymib-wonnerstablee ! the plump woman suddenly trip over _one foot to fall crashing to the ground . karin ( still face dani ) trip over the plump woman . she collapse , laugh merrily on the way down . dani dance past the fall woman . she do not immediately realize that she 's just win the competition . she still look determine as she continue dance manically around the maypole . 95f ext . field - maypole - minute later 95 F cheer woman rush over to congratulate dani , but she keep dancing in the circle , afraid that it 's a trick . the women_tug excitedly at dani 's arm . they embrace she . dani decelerate , but do not cease dance . finally , enough woman have enfold she . her dance foot slow to a confuse halt . > lrma , vi har ( fatt ) var majdrottne !! irma approach with a immense , gorgeously craft garland crown . she lay it on dani 's head . dani ( hallucinate ) it 's over ? irma you be we May Queen . dani ( confuse ) why ? me? irma you ! dani ( suddenly scared ) what do you mean ?! rose petal be throw by child . dani , severely disorient , be lead aside by several woman . one woman wrap she in a sort of gown ( compose only of greenery and flora ) , and then she be direct to stand before a gorgeous view of the field . her distract attention be point to a man hold a large , old film camera . he take dani 's photograph . dani look for Christian , who stand among the hargan with a baffle expression . dani alight on he . dani ( cont 'd ) what 's happen ?! 95 F 95g salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 100 continued : 95 F but Christian do not understand it himself . he shake he head to say '' I do not know ! " dani ( cont 'd ) ( pleadingly , to the surround woman ) what do this mean ? what do I have to do ? the woman answer with hug , warm smile , and kiss on the cheek . they face woer subtly ( a product of the psychedelics ) . among t people who kiss she be she mother and father and sister ( terri ) she look back for they , but they have disappear . a figment of she imagination ? caught_in the hallucination , dani fall into a traumatize daze . pelle break the spelt by give dani a enthusiastic hug . pelle Holy cow , you win ! May Queen ! he give she a blunt , passionate kiss on the lip . before she can react , pelle be replace by two new woman , also kissing and hugging she . dani be then lead to a round wooden plank ( paint gold and shape like a cartoon SUN ) with six long , protrude handle . she be direct to stand on it . karin careful ! the handle be grip by six man , and dani be swiftly hoisted up . she almost fall , but do not . she be elevate five foot above the ground as the crowd erupt into mirthful song . the song persist as dani , still on she pedestal , be carry across the field . all eye be on she . everyone follow she . dani ( search ) Christian ?! but Christian have lag to the back of the crowd . he look extremely conflict . his eye move to maja , whose eye be trained on he . she smile widely , but she eye be fade . Christian slow to a stop as the procession continue . meanwhile , dani 's confusion and fear be beginning to subside . she look down at the procession to see that this people be indeed celebrate she . a few woman even persist in throw rise petal up at she . dani , now calm , look down to see that she feet and legs have assume the gold color of the plank ( like a chameleon ) . ext . field - dine area - later 95g the crowd arrive at today 's dine area . in a lush field , the tabletop be make of mirror , and they be all queue up to form a long , straight line . at the head of the table be a huge chair ( more like a throne ) adorn in lush greenery and bright flora . dani 's pedestal be set down . member of the crowd step aside to create a path for dani 's trajectory ( toward the throne ) . 95g salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 101 continued : 95g dani take a moment before step decisively onto the gra ; when dani 's foot touch the grass , small summer flowers magically sprout up around she foot . her next step be the same . Flowers emerge , impossibly , from the soil . she continue to walk forward , have now assume a more self - possess posture . confidence be rise in she , and with every step , more flower sprout , up . she 's leave a beautiful trail of wild flower in er wake . dani stop at the throne . everyone now find they way to they seat , but no one sit . they look to she . she look momentarily confuse , but then understand . she sit . now everyone may sit . dani admire she green throne . the greenery / flora subtly swell and deflate ( as we see before , with the mushroom trip ) . server appear with plate . dani be the first person to receive food and drink . her tableware be much finer than the rest . look down at she food , dani suddenly catch she reflection in the tabletop mirror . her face look wrong . she quickly look away . before long , everyone have food in front of they . they sit with they hand on they lap , present . they wait for dani . dani pick up_her fork . she look back to the rest of the table . they all look back at she with patience . she then look down and pierce she food with the fork . ( the sound of the pierce be heighten . ) dani take a bite . now everyone may begin eat . dani look down the length of the extend table . she alight on christian , who be not eat . he look very disturb , clearly suffer a bad trip . he look in dani 's direction . they lock eye , but communicate nothing to each other . they be both lose in confusion , but they do not share in this . if anything , they look scare of each other . this moment be break by a server arrive at dani 's side . he present she with a salt herring . the community see this and augh , know what 's in store . dani for what ? sten explain : sten you must eat it whole , but the tail go first . dani ( sincerely frighten ) what ? I can not . that 's too big . sten ( chuckle ) no no - you must try . Christian , trip heavily , turn to a large man to he side . _ christian . how much be happen right now ? 95g salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 102 continued : 95g inexplicably the large man clap in Christian 's face . this send Christian on a intense downward spiral . christian ( cont 'd ) ( almost inaudible ) why do you do that ? the large man 's attention be now on dani , whose head be tilt back as she try to eat the herring whole ( tail first ) . sten hold it above she , feed it into she mouth . dani take half of the herring into she mouth , start to chew , and then cough out the rest . this elicit ecstatic applause . dani , unnerve at first , let out a childlike laugh . sten a word from the May Queen ! blonde woman different hargan yes ! speech ! speech ! irma stand ! stand ! dani be urge to stand up . she do so , clearly hallucinate intensely . the silence hang heavily . dani ..- I do not know if this be real , or what 's happen , but - thank you . dani let this hang . a brief awkward pause , and then : arne to the May Queen ! ( raise he aquavit ) skal ! . everyone skal !! everyone drink to that . one hargan woman turn to dani ( who 's sit back down ) to excitedly say : hargan woman you be the family now ! yes ? dani nod , unsure . the woman nod manically . hargan woman ( cont 'd ) yes ! yes ! you be the family ! the woman rub dani 's arm , smile warmly ( and aggressively ) . pelle , we reveal , be compose a draw of dani in she throne . Christian 's expression be sour . he turn to notice that maja be look at he . taken aback , Christian 's expression slowly softens ( in a slack - paved , just - stricken way ) . maja be clearly '' in heat . '' holding Christian 's gaze , she rise from she seat ( as if in slow -motion ) and begin to walk sensually off . Christian watch she go . she pass siv , whose eye be also train on ristian . maja continue toward the temple , glance back at Christian to confirm that he 's still watch she . dani notice this , despite the fact that everyone be compete for she attention . 95g 95h 96 97 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 103 continued : 95g dani_look to Christian . he stare dumbly at the table , lose in conflict . ext . field - dine area - minute later 95h everyone be finish ( although there 's a smaller number of woman at the table now ) . siv rise . all eye go respectfully to she . siv now it be traditional for the May Queen to bless we crop and livestock . and after the luck you just inherite from that salt erring , we should all be doubly encourage . laughter all around . siv_gestures in the direction of a carriage , just beyond the table . its back sport two unlit torch . several girl ( six to pull the carriage and six to accompany it ) surround it . one girl scatter flower to create a path between dani and the carriage . dani rise . everyone else stand up , too . dani can Christian come with I ? siv no . the Queen must ride alone . dani pause to accept this . she step onto the floral path and approach the carriage . on the way , hanna offer she a long , fe . ing stick . dani accept it . hanna motion to the carriage 's 's unlit torch . dani walk to the carriage , extend the stick 's flame toward the torch , and set they each afire . hanna take the stick back from dani , and gesture for she to enter the carriage . a traditionally dressed man stand beside the carriage door . he hand dani a vial of holy spring water , and offer dani he hand ( for support ) as she contemplate enter . traditionally dressed man you majesty . dani , accept he supportive hand as she climb into the carriage . int . carriage - continuous dani take a seat . outside , several young women ( include hanna ) have gather in front of the carriage . they each take hold of rod , prepare to pull the carriage . a few other woman have gather to the side of the carriage . two - one on either side - hold juniper bough and unlit torch . they ignite they torch by the fire of the carriage torch . ext . dine area - same time most of the community remain stand at the dining table . they watch as the woman pull the carriage away . + + 96 * 97 97 98 99 100 101 102 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 104 continued : Christian watch , too . guilt-ridd . he then look to the temple . a girl have begin scatter flower to create a new path . this be between Christian and the temple . int . carriage ( moving ) - moment later dani look out the window as the carriage be pull through the wheat field . the accompany woman wave they torch about and cast away dark spirit . ext . field - same time the girl finish the flower path , end at Christian 's foot . all eye be now on he . Christian , freeze for a moment , rise . he take one abrupt step forward , and then continue warily toward the Temple . int . temple - continuous Christian enter the foyer of the temple . the temple door be close and muffle hum be hear from within . mat , dress in ceremonial dress , stand in wait . he hand Christian a white gown . mat put this . the man gesture to a modesty panel in the corner ( behind which Christian can disrobe ) . ext . wheat field - same time the woman pull the carriage have slowed to a stop . dani be direct by hanna to step out . hanna hold the flamin torch over a small hole in the ground . dani be instructe to hold the torch by its handle ( 3 just above where hanna rip it ) . hanna now affect perfect posture . dani instinctively mimic this . Three woman - each hold a_sack of grain , a raw steak , and a egg - approach the hole . one pour grain into the hole , the other drop the steak over the grain , and the last woman crack the egg into it . the hole be then cover up with sol hanna repeat now after I . dani and hanna be look directly into each other 's eye . hanna begin to sing very slowly , enunciate very carefully , and dani sing along ( quite well ) . they circle the hole with the torch hold in the center . the surround woman dance . int . temple - foyer - same time Christian have change into the white gown . he step nervously out from behind the modesty panel . christian what now ? mat now turn to a man with hair covering he face ( look like the back of a head ) . he hand mat a stone pot . mat now turn to raise the pot toward Christian 's face . Christian look very unnerve by the man whose face be cover in hair . 97 98 99 100 101 102 * +e hk +h hhh salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 105 102 continued : 102 mat breathe in . mat lift off the lid to release a wave of steam . Christian look to mat , wary . mat ( cont 'd ) for you vitality . reluctantly , Christian breathes in the vapor and he eye begin to cloud over . he exhales heavily ( cough the last bit out ) . he 's already feel the effect . his breathe become shallow and he leg start to wobble . the man whose Hair envelop his face now open the door to the temple . quiet hum be hear from inside . 103 int . temple - continuous 103 it be dark , save for several burn candle . in the center of the room , lie on a lush bed of freshly cut birch twig and wild flowers , be maja . she be nude , lie on she back , leg together . several older women , mostly in they 30 and 40s ( some in they 5as and 60 ) , stand at the back of the room . they be also nude . the hum come from they . Christian be too stone to react . he regards the room as he would a dreamscape . the hum start to build as the woman sing in the hargas 's wordless , groan , microtonal tradition . maja tilt she head and she eye move toward the front door ... at Christian . one woman now step up_to draw Christian 's gown off of he . shoulder . he be fluidly disrobed . now stand naked , he be direct towards maja , who wait nervously . Christian seem to levitate six inch off the ground and then float gently across the room ( clearly a product of the escalate hallucination ) . as he approach maja , the sing intensify . maja 's legs timidly part . Christian , approach swiftly , look down at she . her eye be close as she wait to be take . the sing rise to a operatic pitch . 104 ext . cattle house - same time 104 the sun be less intense now . it be near twilight . the carriage rest near the barn . dani , hold a torch , proceed to bless the livestock . hanna sing . 105 int . temple - same time 105 Christian have descend to he knee . he sit between maja 's leg , prepare himself . he look extremely intoxicate . maja 's eye be squeeze shut as she anticipate what 's come . Christian awkwardly lean down to gently kiss she lip . without open she eye , she kiss back - slowly , sensually . the sing rise and fall ( out of harmony ) with tremble impatience . 105 106 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 106 continued : 105 Christian gently press himself into maja . her mouth open in anticipation . he enter she . overwhelm , maja dig she nail into he back . her eye well with tear . Christian look unsettle , but he continue ... Christian be now making love to maja , very slowly - almost robotically . she lie motionless , mouth agape . e do not move a muscle , nor do she make a sound , but she expression be one of total , paralyze ecstasy . the sing have now harmonized . the older woman watch this with rapt attention . they be clearly arouse . the lovemake be dreamily slow . the sing rise steadily . delay percussion accompany each heavy , lag thrust . maja look back at one of the woman . it be ulrika . she smile tenderly at she . this would be touch if it be not so weird . maja offer ulrika she hand , and ulrika supportively take it into she hand . ulrika lovingly press she cheek against maja 's open palm , caressing she face . maja moan . the woman all moan in sympathy . ( they have take to rub they breast . ) in the far corner , we reveal , ruben be finger - painting on the page of the rubi radr . he be inspire . ext . farmstead - moment later 106 the carriage have return to the farmstead . dani step uneasily out of the wagon , still under the warping influence of the hallucinogen . the singing / moaning be hear faintly from the Temple . hanna we shall go now to siv 's house . dani what 's there ? hanna it be a special meetin no only for the queen . she will bless you . the distant sing persist . dani look to the Temple . she seem drawn to it . dani what about there ? hanna not for we . dani , attract / worried by the sing / moan , take a few step toward the Temple . the young woman look very concerned . hanna step up to stand in dani 's way . hanna ( cont 'd ) I think you should not . dani ... why ? hanna be not convincing when she say : hanna it be a ceremony for the man . * 106 107 108 109 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 107 continued : 106 dani_is now very suspicious . her expression beg '' what be it really ? '' hanna 's expression say that it 's something that would hurt dani . hanna 's expression plead : '' do not go inside . for you own sake . '' dani 's eye narrow with paranoia . now she must enter . she push ahead . the woman remain where they be , very worried . int . temple - foyer - continuous 107 dani enter the foyer of the temple . Beyond the close door , the sing / moan have reach a operatic intensity . dani take a moment to gather herself , and then she bend down to peer through the door 's keyhole . through the keyhole , dani see Christian 's back as he '' make love '' to maja . the surround woman have fall deeper into they trance . they be all holding there breast . with every one of Christian 's thrust , the woman pump there breast with there hand - moan in tandem with Maya . dani 's eye go wide with horror . stun , dani back away from the keyhole . she suddenly double over and retch . she rush out of the temple . ext . temple - continuous 108 dani run outside . she vomit onto the grass . she 's ina state of shock . her breathe be shallow and she look anxiously around , as if confuse as to she whereabouts . the Young woman rush over to dani . they surround she , touch she , rub she . dani can ’t breathe . she 's panic . hanna direct the woman to lead dani to the Main House . they all hurriedly guide she in that direction . int . MAIN house - continuous 109 the young woman usher dani to she bed . they sit she down , atherin intimately around she . dani struggle increasingly of breathe . hanna hold dani 's face in she hand . she lock eye with dani_and affect deep breathing . dani 's eye , unwilling to settle at first , gradually become fix to hanna 's . hanna continue to affect deep , measure breathe . dani struggle to follow she . her breathe tremble to meet hanna 's example . finall dani break down into tear . everything she 's bottle " up , all the emotion that she 's labor to stifle - it all come bursting out . she fall into deep , anguish sob . still lock onto dani 's gaze , hanna also break down . she sob deeply along with dani . they be sympathetically connect . it 's remarkable , and very unsettle . the surround woman have also start crying , althou he not as intensely as hanna , who have absolutely fix hersel dani . the cry be infectious , and the deeper they go , the great the outpour . it have become a circle of hysterical , weep woman . they moan and scream and cry . it 's positively tribal . 110 111 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 108 int . temple - same time 110 the ceremony have nearly reach its apogee . the sing h have eak , and Christian be thrust faster and harder than efore . maja , eye still close , be in a state of absolute euphoria . she moan in ecstasy , and the room have fill with a cacophony of sympathetic moan . Christian suddenly look ill . he begin to slow down . maja ( in swedish ) no . do not stop . Christian look like he 's go to be sick . one of the old women ( 60 ) crouch behind Christian . she push on he buttock , urging he to thrust faster . she keep push and push until Christian 's thrust have gain in orce . maja ( cont 'd ) ( in swedish ) yes . yes . fill I . Christian continue to push until he finally climaxe . the Old woman release he , and back away . the sing / moan die out . Christian , motionless for a long moment , pull out of maja and sit on the ground . he look sli ntly traumatize . maja look as_ euphoric as ever . she hug nees to she chest , and gently rock herself back and forth . maja ( cont 'd ) ( in swedish , to the woman ) I can feel it ! tt feel the baby ! Christian look back to the old woman who be just push he buttock . she smile toothlessly at he . he 's definitely go to be sick . he stand suddenly , take | in the room with grow repulsion . he turn to amble dizzily out of the temple ext . temple - book binding - chicken coop - continuous 111 Christian exit the temple . he look around , increasingly disorient . he look down to see the fresh puddle of dani 's vomit . this triggers he to retch . he move desperately away from the vomit . stand at a distance , several isolate hargan watch Christian stumbling about . Christian try to ignore they . he walk toward the MAIN house , but as he approach '' he hear the chorus of crying ( come from dani and the young woman ) , and he immediately change he trajectory . Christian be now walk toward the book binding house . as he near the house , he see that the truck ( which be supposedly steal ) be now park beside it . Christian 's eye buzz with suspicion . he then look downward ... at a garden in front of the book bind house . it be in the shape of a circle . and at the heart of that circle ... a foot , its sole face skyward , protrude from the soil . a symbol have be paint onto the sole . ( it be josh 's foot . ) 111 112 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 109 continued : 111 Christian 's eye be wild with terror , he rigidly turn around , he heart pound , panic take hold . christian ( to himself , in denial ) that 's not that . that be not ... he walk off hurriedly toward a SMALL house . he open the door to reveal that it 's a chicken coop . int . chicken coop - continuous 112 Christian enter . he shut the door behind he . chicken flap stupidly about . Christian try to regain he composure . but as he try to steady he breath , he sees ... across the room , simon - naked - be suspend midair . his arm be outstretch , he body face downward , and it look like he 's fly . ( in fact , he 's be hold up by flora- decorate ro es '' his back have be opened up , he rib separate fro ! be spine ( reach outward like claw ) and he lung have be pulled up to look like outspread wing . it appear that he bloody '' wing '' have also be cover in bird feed . in fact , one chicken be currently stand on he back , peck at a rib . frozen in horror , Christian stare unblinkingly . christian josh ? Christian 's eye fill intensely with tear . he start toward Simon , whose lung - wing be subtly swelling and deflating . he 's still breathe . drive by morbid compulsion , Christian crouch under Simon to make sure that it 's Simon 's face , and he confirm that it be , but ... his eye have be removed and the socket have be stuff with brilliantly colored flowers . terrify , Christian turn - as if to run from this nightmare - but he slam into ... odd , who be wear a garland crown . odd blow a handful of brown powder in Christian 's face . Christian can not help but breathe it in . he cough out a lungful of the mysterious dust . stun for a moment , Christian stumble back . he try to move he leg , but they be suddenly frozen . now immobile , Christian drunkenly collapse . he writhes into panic , unable to move . his eye be locked OPEN . he see a gather of hargan outside the door . among they be pelle . Christian look pleadingly at pelle . pelle look away with shame . odd lean down . with he finger , he close one of Christian 's eyelids . he then close the other . as this lid shut , we go to black . hold on black . after a beat , we sharply cut to : 113 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 110 ext . stage - next day a tight close - up of Christian 's sleep face . his hip be slightly contort , and he chin be chap with drie saliva . a hand enter frame to gently slap Christian awake . his eyelid do not open on they own . the hand 's finger pry OPEN Christian 's eyelids . his lip remain contort . he try to speak , but it 's nothing but vowel ulla ( 0.c . ) you can not speak . you can not move . we cut wide to reveal that Christian sit limply in a wheelchair . he face the crowd . behind he , on the stage , be a immense throne make of glorious flower . dani sit in this throne , dress in a massive floral dress that look like a grossly distend pile of blossoming flower . her giant floral garland crown be comprise of the nine special flower and herb . to either side of she , the elder be all stand upright . ( also , ruben have a special seat , whose platform be cover in cotton , resembling cloud . ) dani seem to have detach from reality completely . her eye be somewhere far away . the entire community be gather behind Christian . among they , maja stand happily , wear vivid red lipstick . when it 's clear that she have everyone 's total attention , siv speak : siv on this , the day of we deity of purification , we gather to give special thanks to we treasure Sun. as_an offer to we Father , we will today surrender nine human life . Christian 's eye flare with terror . dani 's expression be blank . siv ( cont 'd ) as harga take , so harga also give . thus , for every newblood sacrifice , we will dedicate one of we own . that be : four newblood , four hargan , and one to_be choose by we Queen . nine in all , to die and be reborn in the great cycle . siv be do . sten now continue the speech . sten the four newblood have already be supply . as for we end , we have two already dedicated - sten gesture to two elderly corpse ( one male and one female ) proudly displayed near the back of the crowd . they stand upright , and they bottom halve ( leg , hip ) have be replace by tree stump and they arm have be replace by dense tree branch . they branch - arm be position to strike 's olic pose . the female 's head be tilt back as gnarle twig jut violently from she mouth ( as if they grow out of she stomach ) . 113 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 111 continued : 113 the top of the male 's head be open up ( as if have bloom ) with a overgrowth of twig sproute out ( as if they have grow in he brain and then break through ) ; twig also emerge from he ear . sten ( cont 'd ) - and two who have volunteer . project to the crowd ) ingemar ? ulf ? ingemar and ulf take one step forward . ulf look nervous . ingemar look overjoy . sten ( cont ? } you have bring outside offering , thus volunteering you own body . you will today be join in harmony with everything . ( to pelle ) and to pelle , who have bring we new blood and we new Queen : you be today honore for you uncloud intuition . pelle , wear a very large garland crown , smile serenely . sten continue : sten ( cont 'd ) and now , for the ninth offer , it be traditional that we fair Queen shall choose between a pre-select newblood and a specially ordain hargan ... sten turn to a elder stand beside a large ball cage ( as generally use in bingo ) at the end of the platform . the cage hold about a hundred wooden ball ( the size of ping - pong ball ) with a different runic name carve into each . the man rotate the ball cage , which then dispense a single ball . the man hold up the ball and read the name aloud : ball man dag . sten honorable dag ! please step forward . dag , a man in he late 5as , look like he just win the lottery . he take a step forward , beam with pride . sten ( cont 'd ) and Christian Hughes . a hargan man now wheel Christian , whose eye be lock wide , away from the base of the stage . he position Christian beside dag to also be face the stage . Christian be shocked at the sight of dani . sten ( cont 'd ) ( to dani ) this be you candidate for the ninth and final offer . we patiently await you verdict . Christian try to scream , but this only result in muffle moan . his eye beg dani for mercy . her eye be glass . the community wait as dani make she silent deliberation . 113 114 115 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 112 continued : 113 dani 's eye settle fixedly on christian . a wave of intense emotion suddenly animate dani 's face . sadness , anger , love , heartbreak ... this feeling be finally wrestle down , and she expression become blank again . her eye , still train on Christian , have hardened . they narrow pointedly to suggest that she 's make she decision . sten understand . sten ( cont 'd ) ( to the crowd ) the honor have be bestow on Christian Hughes , we ninth and most sacred offer ! Christian 's muffle scream now become hysterical . he have turn blue in the face . dani 's gaze remain steely and absent . ext . field - evening 114 cu of a wheel roll across the grass . track alongside this , we tilt up to reveal that it belong to a wheelbarrow . lying in the wheelbarrow be connie' corpse . it be soaking wet and its flesh be grossly distend ( from be leave underwater ) . she be wear the same outfit ( of greenery and jewel ) that be use earlier for the sacrificial tree ( which be feed to the lake ) . continue to track alongside the wheelbarrow ( which be push by a young male hargan ) , we pull back to expand our view . we reveal that the hargan be carting connie 's corpse toward the yellow - paint triangular temple , which be previously off-limit . it stand in the center of a open ield . its door be now OPEN . we settle on a static wide of this until a new cart be push into frame . we now follow this cart , keep it center in frame . this cart hold MARK 's '' corpse . '' in fact , it be just he hollow out skin - stuff with straw and hay . atop he head be a jester 's hat . peripherally , other body be be carte toward the house . we continue to track ahead , follow Mark 's cart into the sacred house ... int . sacred house - continuous 115 the interior be completely adorn in greenery . a impossibly lush mausoleum . in the center be a platform make of hay . connie 's corpse be rest against one wall . Mark 's be seat against the opposite wall . Beyond they , to either side , be the two elder tree -corpses that be stand upright in the crowd . the male body be surround by he most precious belonging ( jewelry , book , etc . ) . the dead female elder be also surround by she most prize possession . Beyond they , at the far end of the temple , be ... josh' body , which be cover in dirt and soil . his eye and nostril be clogge with earth . his face be lock into a gag scream , he mouth utterly stuff with paper ( from the rubi radr ) . stack of book rest on he lap ( and atop that , he smartphone stand on its side , face outward ) . and beside josh ... 115 116 117 118 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 113 continued : 115 simon 's corpse . he be now in the same dress as the rest of the corpse , but the eye be still replace by bright flower . ext . bookbinding house - same time 116 we be pushing toward the bookbind house , whose door be open . to the side of it , ulf and ingemar be be embrace passionately by several member of the community . int . book - binding room - same time 117 a room that be typically use for book -bind . its wall be line with collector 's edition of book . a dead bear ( see earlier , alive and cage ) lie on the island table . a deep incision have be draw from the animal 's neck to its groin . two hargan labourer pull out the bear 's innard . after scoop out the majority of its gut , they pile the waste into a bucket . then , with the assistance of two well - build hargan man , the labourer endeavor to lift christian 's paralyze body . Christian be fitte into the bear 's hollow out carcass . they start by insert he limp leg into the bear 's leg . int . sacred house - minute later 118 humming and music have start very quietly outside . Christian have be secure into the giant bear carcass . the incision ( from its groin to its neck ) have be sewn up . the bear 's jaw have be remove , create a gap . hole ( down to its upper chest ) through which christi nas fate be visible . five hargan labourer plant the bear carcass in the CENTER of the hay platform . its back rest against a hay pile . Christian be still unable to move or speak . his muffle scream persist . a man dress as '' vidorr '' ( god of vengeance ) stand before Christian . he hold the rubi radr in he hand . vidorr ( in swedish ) mighty and dreadful beast . with you , we purge we most unholy affekt . we banish you now to the deep recess , where you may reflect on you wickedness . ingemar and ulf be now seat on haystacks . they be also surround by they most prize belonging . mat stand before ingemar , who smile widely . he pour a thick , sappy liquid into ingemar 's mouth . mat ( in swedish ) drink from the yew tree . feel no fear . mat move to ulf . he pour the liquid into he mouth as well . mat ( cont 'd ) ( in swedish ) drink from the yew tree . feel no pain . 118 119 120 121 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 114 continued : 118 mat leave the house . now , three hargan men enter with flaming torch . the music begin to rise outside , include the wordless , microtonal singing we have come to recognize . the man approach Christian , whose '' scream '' have become horribly frenzied . the man move to different side of the hay platform . they form a triangle . simultaneously , they touch they torch to the hay - ignite a FIRE . ext . field - same time 119 the torch - man exit the house . Inside , the fire have begin to spread along the platform . the music rise as the fire pick up . the singing , which waver in tremble anticipation , have not yet find harmony . dani watch this with dissociate eye . she stand tensely in the field , eye lock on the fire . behind she , all of harga be enrapture . int . sacred house - same time 120 the fire have grow considerabl Inside the bear , Christian be now be steam - boil in t é animal 's fluid : the bear 's fur begin to catch fire . before long , the whole animal be swallow in the blaze . Christian 's wretch face become invisible behind the flame . ulf and ingemar ( still smile ) watch this with detach fascination . the fire have now spread to other pile of hay . it have begin to crawl up the wall of the house . ulf be suddenly consume by flame . he scream ! ext . field - same time 121 ulf£ 's scream be hear from the Sacred House . suddenly , every member of the hargan community ( who be not sing ) begin to scream as well . feeling ulf 's 's pain , they emit a horrible chorus of wail . when ulf 's scream die down , so do theirs . meanwhile , ruben have be give paper to paint on . two elder encourage he . dani , watch the burn house with fraught eye , be suddenly meet with a wave of conflict emotion . her expression curdle into one of sheer horror and disgust . then it become one of deep sorrow and shame . her eye well with tear . the sing have now harmonized and have rise to a insane , operatic pitch . we cut to a immense wide . dani 's back be in the f.g. and the burn house be in the b.g. overcome , dani bury she face in she hand . break into gentle sob , she begin to walk aimlessly to the side . we track alongside she , keep she center , she be circle the house , pull at she hair and face in increase anguish . she be weeping now , and the house fever= present in the b.g. ) have become engulfed in the raging ame . dani begin moaning and scream . her howl almost harmonize with the sing in the b.g . the fire roar and crackle in the distance . it 's apocalyptic . 121 salmon revision ( 9/17/2018 ) 115 continued : 121 soon it 's uncertain whether dani be cry or laughing . , her leg become weak and she collapse to she knee . four hargan ( one of they be pelle ) run into the scene , carry a large chair - dani 's throne . the hargan lift dani by the arm and seat she in the throne . they then hoist the chair into the air . on the upward lift , we cut to a tight close - up of dani 's face . she be be 's carry forward . her expression , which begin as one of great distress , slowly start to turn . her agony subside into sudden confusion . what 's happen ? ere be I ? I be on this chair , be carry ! her expression go from fear to excitement to confusion again , she suddenly let out a abrupt laugh which we can not hear over the music and the now - deafen FI dani be now be take over by a invade sense of biiae and contentment . this soon evolve into a manic exhilaration . dani beam . she have be embrace by a new family . she be Queen . she be not alone . a smile finally break onto dani 's face . ( for some , this smile might recall the pnore of dani in she parent 's bedroom at the onty bye of the film she have surrender to a joy know only . by the insane . she have lose herself complete year and she inally free . it be horrible and it be beautifu fade to black .