midway write by wes tooke centropolis entertainment the Mark Gordon company this be a true story . even the part that seem like Hollywood bullshit . over black : faint splashes and the soothing sound of water lap against a shore . we slowly fade in to ... ext . lake - day imagine a japanese woodblock painting bring to life . two duck bob in the water , a spectacular thatched pagoda rise behind they . the tree blaze with the color of late autumn . everything be peaceful and placid until -- splash ! net slam down between the duck . as the bird burst into flight , honk they displeasure , we realize that the net be connect to long bamboo handle . four man in military uniform wield the odd contraption : two wear the blue of the japanese navy and two be westerner . super : " hamarikyu detached palace - november , 1937 " as the japanese officer advance on a new pair of duck , captain bernard rawling , 48 , give he net a disgust look . he speak with a English accent . captain rawling this be bloody ridiculous . his companion , edwin layton , 34 , wear the uniform of a lieutenant commander in the US navy . layton have a dry sense of humor and a perpetual worried squint -- he see trouble lurking behind every corner . layton be not you empire build on ridiculous tradition ? captain rawling do not defend they , layton . you might speak they language , but they still think you be a barbarian . layton gesture at they idyllic surroundings . layton be honest ... will not you miss this place when you be go ? rawling snort . captain rawling the next time I see the little bugger , I hope it 's through the sight of a fourteen - inch gun . a honk from the lake catch they attention -- one of the japanese officer have successfully netted a duck . layton shout in subtitle japanese . layton well do , kimura-san . the officer turn and stiffly bow . layton bow back and then glance at rawling . layton ( cont 'd ) if thing keep head in this direction , you will get you wish . int . hamarikyu detached palace - banquet room - night waiter carve raw duck in the corner as a group of japanese and foreign officer eat sukiyaki at a traditional table . a japanese officer be conclude a fiery toast . he turn toward the Emperor 's portrait and raise he glass . japanese officer banzai ! banzai ! banzai ! the officer drain he glass in a gulp , and the other man immediately follow he lead . it 's impossible to miss the naked machismo in this room : no japanese officer be go to be shame in front of a foreigner and vice versa . as the man refill they glass with scotch from ceramic jug , rawling stand to toast . his face be flushed . captain rawling on behalf of the british Empire , I want to thank Admiral yamamoto for this invitation . May we nation forever remain partner on the seas . all eye swing to the head of the table where the handsome and charismatic admiral yamamoto , 52 , sit . the word hang in the air for a long moment before yamamoto raise he own sake glass and drain it . the other man practically trip over each other to match he . layton , however , just touch the glass to he lip -- seemingly impervious to the social pressure of the situation . as layton set down the glass , he notice yamamoto stare at he . they eye meet for a awkward moment . int . hamarikyu detached palace - shoin room - night the sound of the party spill through the thin paper of a shoji door as layton examine a set of woodblock print . yamamoto enter , slide the door close behind he . he glance at layton and then speak in subtitle japanese . yamamoto you do not like whiskey ? layton turn , catch off guard . but he recover quickly . layton I could ask you the same question , admiral . I have it on good authority that you glass be fill with tea . yamamoto be briefly take aback -- he 's rarely challenge -- but then he give layton a wry smile . yamamoto a old chinese trick . ( beat ) what else have you learn during you time in Japan ? layton hear the dangerous subtext in that question : be you a spy ? he therefore do he best to shrug it off . layton I be just the assistant naval attaché . yamamoto which be why I know that you must have a opinion . I be once we naval attaché in Washington . layton after you year at Harvard . yamamoto smile again -- impressed that layton have do he homework . he respond in fluent English . yamamoto like you , I think there be value in study a potential adversary . layton ( also English ) and what do you learn ? yamamoto do you know the japanese nickname for America ? layton beikoku . yamamoto exactly . ' Rice country . ' a place of endless resource . and I see with my own eye the vast oilfield of Texas . the steelyard of Pittsburgh . the factory of Detroit . layton I hear you tell the prime minster that Japan can not win a war with the United States . yamamoto not exactly . I say that we could not win a long war . layton I hear another rumor that you life might be in danger . the nationalist think you be too moderate . yamamoto be silent for a long moment , and layton wonder if he have push he luck too far . finally -- yamamoto Japan be at a crossroad . we be eager to become a world power , yet we be dangerously reliant on outside force . we get 80 percent of we oil and scrap metal from you country . if that supply be threaten , it will force we into drastic measure . layton know exactly what yamamoto mean by " drastic measure , " and the purpose of they conversation abruptly become clear to he . layton you want I to pass this information along to Washington . yamamoto tell they not to push we into a corner . you government must give that of we who be more reasonable a chance to carry the day . layton nobody want a war . yamamoto shake he head , expression grim . yamamoto I wish that be true . yamamoto stick out he hand , and the two man shake . as the admiral start back toward he party -- yamamoto ( cont 'd ) sayonara , layton-san . and then the door slide shut and he 's go . as layton stare after he , lose in think , the rise growl of engine begin to pound at we ear ... CUT to : ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day the stiff ocean breeze almost knock we sideways as the vast teak deck pitch up and down in the steady roller of the Pacific . we be aboard ... 5 . ... the aircraft carrier USS enterprise . mankind 's latest and great superweapon . it 's be barely three decade since the wright Brothers go aloft in they glorify kite , and now this ship -- 20,000 ton of american steel -- can attack a target with 80 warplane , escape at 30 knot , and hit a new target the next afternoon a thousand mile away . at least that 's the theory . it have never be test . super : " four year later . 175 mile west of pearl harbor . " the relentless growl be come from four Douglas sbd dauntless dive bomber , which be warming up they engine . the sbd be build for war with snub wing and a sturdy airframe . we push past the plane until we reach a lone figure stare out at the ocean . dick best , 31 , wear the leather bomber jacket of a pilot and ooze from every pore with what Tom wolfe will someday call " the right stuff . " he might be the top pilot in the whole damn navy -- and he know it . best remain lock on the ocean as another pilot stride up behind he . clarence dickinson , 29 , be the Goose to best 's maverick . he 's lanky with a northern Florida drawl . best speak without look at dickinson . best War be come . dickinson you have be say that for year . best yeah , but now I mean it . best flick he head at the bridge behind they . best ( cont 'd ) the old man feel it too . that 's why we have be fly double scout mission this whole trip . dickinson then we better get in some r&r while we can . I be go to haul ass into Pearl this morning ahead of the fleet and hit the beach with cliff . best I can not go with you boy . ( off dickinson 's look ) they be hold back scout six . just in case . dickinson well , I would hate to be you . 6. dickinson grin , stick it to he friend . best be about to reply , but they be interrupt by the arrival of bill miller , 24 , dickinson 's radioman . he salute the pilot , eye lock on he commander . miller Morning , sir . the aircraft be spot . best give Miller a long look -- he seem jumpy . best you okay , Miller ? miller it 's my last day of sea duty , sir . and I be the only one from my radio class who have not crash . best do not worry , Miller . even Mr. dickinson can fly from here to Pearl Harbor without get you wet . dickinson snort at the jab and then start toward the wait plane . but then he glance back . dickinson I and cliff will be think of you when we be lie on the beach . best I hope a shark bite you dick off . dickinson smile to himself as he continue to he sbd . ext . USS arizona - fantail deck - day the battleship gleam on a gorgeous Sunday morning in Pearl Harbor . a bleary - eye band gather around the flag to raise the color while a crew of sailor put out fold chair . lt . cliff janz , 31 , emerge onto the deck . he look like a navy recruiting poster with blue eye and a square jaw . one of the man set up the chair ( sully ) catch he eye . sully hey , lieutenant . how come I have get to set up the chair for church even though I do not believe in God ? cliff give sully a dry look . cliff because you only religion be chase girl . and the navy be not go to pay you for that . as the other man smile , cliff continue toward the flag . cliff ( cont 'd ) let 's hurry this up , gentleman . I have get a date with a beach and a beer . the drine of a engine abruptly catch cliff 's attention : a plane be approach the ship at a high speed . ~ cliff stare at the aircraft , he brain processing the shape of the wing . and then he shout -- cliff ( cont 'd ) get down ! rat-tat-tat ! bullet ping off the battleship 's armor . cliff catch a glimpse of the plane 's insignia as it pass : the red emblem of the rise sun . as the man scramble back to they foot , cliff scan the sky . and that 's when he see a squadron of high - altitude bomber approach battleship row . dozen and dozen of plane . sully glance at cliff , fight he rise panic . sully be it the jap ? but cliff be already dash toward the ladder that lead up to the next deck . he shout over he shoulder -- cliff sound general quarter . and then he 's climb . we stay tight on cliff as he reach the top of the ladder and sprint down the expose corridor that run along the port side of the ship . General quarter abruptly blare and confuse man begin to emerge from various hatches . cliff bowl past a few of they , already sweat in the heat , and then -- boom ! a near miss shake the deck . the percussion wave slam cliff against the rail , and he fall , one hand clutching a break rib . but he immediately scramble to he foot , eye lock on a ladder that lead upward . a instant later cliff be climb again . bullet ping off the metal around he , but he keep move . he finally shove open a hatch and pull himself into -- int . USS arizona - gun director - continuous the ten -man crew stare at cliff as he enter , white - face in the darkness . cliff we gotta get that plane off we . why the hell be not you fire ? the young ensign spread he hand , helpless . ensign the ammo box be lock . cliff grab a fire ax from the wall and smashes it into the lock . as the door pop open , he point at the round inside . cliff all right . get the -- boom ! the man be toss to the deck as a bomb detonate somewhere on the ship . the sound be deafen in the enclose space . cliff be the first to recover . cliff ( cont 'd ) start fire ! as cliff turn to exit , the ensign desperately clutches he arm . his voice be distort by cliff 's ringing ear . ensign where be you go ? cliff we have gotta get this ship move . we be a sit duck . and then cliff drop through the hatch and disappear . int . layton house - dine room - day edwin layton , now 39 , read the paper as he eat breakfast with he prim wife miriam , 37 . the house be decorate with knickknack from a dozen different naval post . Miriam glance at layton as she stand to clear the breakfast plate . miriam be you come to church ? layton I have to go into the office . miriam it 's Sunday . ( off he look ) you work too hard . ring ! ring ! layton 's head whip around and he stare at the phone on the wall with transparent dread . it 's as if he 's expect bad news . Miriam give he a look . miriam ( cont 'd ) want I to get it ? layton shake he head and then stand and warily cross to the phone . he answer and listen for a beat . Miriam watch he , transfix by the expression on he face . layton tell they I be come . layton hang up the phone , he hand shaking slightly . miriam Edwin , what 's happen ? layton the japanese be attack we . her hand fly to she mouth . miriam oh my God . where ? layton here . ext . layton house - day layton hurry out the front door , now wear he uniform and carry a briefcase . a cadillac roadster skid to a halt in front of the house and lieutenant paul crosley , 28 , frantically wave from the front seat . crosley come on . I will give you a lift . ext . road - day the cadillac speed toward the promontory of diamond head , which conceal Pearl Harbor from view . light flash behind they and crosley glance in he rear-view mirror . crosley oh , Christ . a motorcycle cop be trail they . layton turn around in he seat to look . then -- layton pull over . ( off crosley ) he 's go to kill himself . crosley hit the brake and the cadillac rumble to a stop . the cop get off he bike and amble toward they . cop bit fast for a Sunday -- layton the jap be attack Pearl Harbor . the cop stare at they , confuse -- this seem like a impossible lie . crosley raise a hand as if swear a oath . crosley it 's the God 's honest . 10 . int . USS arizona - bridge - day cliff burst onto the bridge , breathe hard . he lock on a cluster of panicked junior officer . cliff we have get to get underway . a engineering officer stare at cliff 's leg . engineering officer Jesus , cliff . you have be hit . cliff glance down and see that blood have soak he right pant leg -- he 's be shot in the calf . but he shrug it off and limp over to the set of gauge that register the steam pressure . he stare at they as if he 's be betrayed . cliff goddammit . engineering officer we just need five minute . cliff we do not have -- kaboom ! cliff glance out the front window of the bridge just_as the Arizona 's forward magazine detonate . the deck ripple with the force of the blast , and the bridge tilt as the massive battleship 's bow rise twenty foot in the air . a instant later the white - hot flash of the explosion surge through the bridge , briefly blind we . ext . road - day the cadillac barrel down the road -- now escort by the motorcycle cop -- until crosley abruptly stand on he brake . he 's stare through the windshield , transfix by something , and we reverse to reveal ... ... the iconic image for the first time : tower column of smoke rise from battleship row as japanese bomber attack . a_ giant mushroom cloud rise from Arizona , follow by a blast wave racing toward we across the water . it seem impossible that anyone could survive that explosion . as crosley duck for cover , we go close on layton . the massive fireball be reflect in he glass , and he expression be difficult to decipher . he 's horrify , of course . but not surprised . ext . sky - day two sbd fly in formation above barber Point . smoke rise in the distance from Pearl Harbor . 11 . int . dickinson be sbd - day dickinson be on the stick . Miller be seat behind he face backwards -- he 's responsible for both the radio equipment and operate the .30 caliber brown tail gun . as dickinson squint at the distant smoke , Miller 's voice echoe through the intercom . miller what be it , sir ? dickinson look like coastal artillery go stark mad . Bet you someone 's go to catch hell for it . a flash of metal near the sun catch dickinson 's attention , and he instinct lead he to yank on the stick . as the sbd lurch , he shout into the radio -- dickinson ( cont 'd ) incoming ! the warning be too late for they wingman , who catch a full broadside of cannon fire . as he sbd explode into flame , two japanese Zero fighter scream past we . dickinson , meanwhile , continue he roll and fire with he fix gun . he swear , realize that he have miss , and then yell into the intercom -- dickinson ( cont 'd ) Miller . break radio silence . and get that damn gun work ! Miller flip the transmit key on he radio . miller Pearl Harbor under attack by japanese aircraft . this be no shit ! and then Miller be slam into he seat as dickinson take wildly evasive action . he nevertheless manage to pull a string of ammo from a box and feed it into the brown . dickinson ( v.0o . ) on we six ! rat-tat-tat ! Miller fire in long burst , swinging the gun from side to side , until -- boom ! they right wing explode into flame as a round of cannon fire riddle the sbd . the fuck Zero be everywhere . dickinson yank on the stick ... ... but it 's dead . the plane go into a right spin , and dickinson glance at the altimeter . they be just a thousand foot above the ground . 12 . dickinson ( cont 'd ) Miller ! bail out ! as dickinson push himself out of the cockpit , he catch a glimpse of a lifeless Miller in the back seat -- -- and then dickinson be tumble in the sky . he desperately fumble with he ripcord , the ground rush up at he -- kaboom ! his abandon sbd explode in the field beneath he just as he parachute catch the air . dickinson have only a second or two to brace himself before he slam onto a dirt road , hard enough that he knee buckle . he collapse to the ground and lie still for a moment -- stunne to be alive -- before roll over and freeing himself from the silk parachute . as dickinson orient himself , he realize that gun be fire nearby . it 's a platoon of Marines line up in formation on a I op a hundred yard away , shoot with they rifle at the japanese plane like vestige from a earlier war . they sergeant , meanwhile , be jogging down the hill toward dickinson . he give the pilot a long look . sergeant you all right , sir ? physically , yes -- by some miracle the total of dickinson 's wound be a skinned elbow . but he 's hopping mad . dickinson get I to hickam field . the sergeant stare at this angry man who just fall from the sky . all he can think to say be ... h sergeant why ? dickinson look at the sergeant as if he 's a complete idiot . dickinson so I can get in another goddamn plane and get back up there . int . USS enterprise - radio room - day two radiomen listen through headphone , frantically transcribe chatter as a nervous ensign pace behind they . best burst into the room . best what the hell be go on ? the ensign turn to he , relieved to see a superior officer . 13 . ensign Pearl be shoot at we guy , sir . I guess they do not know that we be send a squadron ahead . best maybe it be not Pearl . the word hang in the air . if it be not Pearl , then who ? best glance at one of the radiomen . best ( cont 'd ) call dickinson . radioman I try . he be not respond . ( off best ) we get a garble transmission that he be under attack . and then nothing . the word land hard on best . have he friend be shot down ? what the hell be happen ? but he have no time to dwell on that question because the other radioman tear off he headphone and snap to attention . radioman # 2 Sir ! look at this . he hold out a decode message . best snatch it and read ... " urgent xx AIR raid on pearl harbor xx this be not a drill . " best feel the eye of the other man on he , so he keep he face expressionless . he hand the message to the ensign . best take this to the admiral . the ensign start toward the door -- too slowly for best . he convey the urgency of the situation in a single word . best ( cont 'd ) run. ext . pearl harbor - pacific fleet hq - day the cadillac roar up to a large brick building across the loch from the dry dock . thick black smoke shroud everything as anti-aircraft fire rattle the window . layton emerge from the car and dash into the building . int . pacific fleet hq - communication be room - day layton enter and find admiral kimmel ( commander - in-chief of the Pacific fleet ) stand in a horrify huddle with he flag officer . kimmel immediately fix on layton . 14 . admiral kimmel here 's the man who try to warn we . if it 's any satisfaction to you , layton , you be right and we be wrong . layton Sir , it 's no satisfaction to I whatsoever . the room trembles with a explosion . kimmel stare out the window at a fireball from the drydock , clearly in shock . but he gather himself and then turn back to layton . admiral kimmel you need to locate the japanese carrier . we can not let they do this and get away scot free . layton I know the man who can find they . int . pacific fleet hq - lobby - day the petty officer at the desk hold a rifle in nervous hand , a flak helmet on he head . layton hurry up to he . layton where 's rochefort ? petty officer on the roof , sir . layton stare at he , confuse . the roof ? ext . pacific fleet hq - roof - day spend anti-aircraft bullet ping off the tin of the roof in a steady ( and potentially deadly ) rain . but the birdlike and brilliant joseph rochefort , 40 , ignore the danger and carefully affix wire to a makeshift antenna . layton burst out of a stairwell and lock on rochefort . the camera circle they as they talk , revealing the devastating panorama in the background . layton what the hell be you do ? we need to find the japanese fleet . rochefort that 's what I be try to do . that Army idiot think we be about to get invade , so they shut down the phone . we can not communicate with we radio direction finder . layton quickly do the math . layton you be building another one ? 15 . as rochefort shrug , a flame chunk of metal thud into the roof . layton give rochefort a look . layton ( cont 'd ) do not get kill up here . the navy 's go to need you to win this war . rochefort ignore he , once again lock on he work . layton nod to himself -- this man understand each other -- and then duck back into the building . int . USS enterprise - flag bridge - day the modest-size flag bridge be at the top of the carrier 's island , give it a view of the flight deck . admiral william " bull " halsey , 62 , enter . he 's a rugge bowl ball of a human be who be beloved by he man for he honesty . halsey glance at captain mile browning , he operation and war plan officer . halsey Pearl find something ? captain browning yes , sir . Intelligence manage to get a radio fix on the attack fleet . unfortunately , it 's a bilateral read . meaning the jap be either at 363 degree ... brown point down at the map table , he finger trace a line due north of Pearl Harbor on the chart . captain browning ( cont 'd ) ...or 163 degree . brown trace a second line head due south . halsey 's face wrinkle in disgust . halsey for Christ sake ... Pearl be under attack , and we do not even know if the bastard be north or south ? brown be accustom to tough question from he admiral . he tap a point near the southern line , unruffled . captain browning Army bomber also report a possible ship sighting here . halsey stare at the spot . then : halsey that 's where we place we bet . what do we have leave aboard ? captain brockman lindsey and he torpedo squadron . 16 . halsey what about dive bomber ? captain brockman most of they go into Pearl this morning , but we have get five leave . the senior pilot be Dick best . the xo of bomb six . halsey good . that kid be full of piss and vinegar . ( beat ) Launch everything we have get . int . USS enterprise - pilot ready room - day a chalkboard identify the squadron 's plane and they operational status . best and he four fellow dive bomber pilot sit on one side of the room wear brown leather jacket . eighteen torpedo bomber pilot sit on the other , dress in olive drab flight suit with tie . lt . commander WADE mcclusky , 39 , deliver the briefing . he run the air wing and be good friend with best -- probably because they be both consummate professional . mcclusky we have a possible location on the jap fleet , so we be launching a strike . lindsey have command . mcclusky look at lt . eugene lindsey , 36 , who sit in the front row . lindsey command torpedo six and be a bit of a dandy -- he man call he errol Flynn behind he back . as lindsey nod , mcclusky trace a line on the giant map . mcclusky ( cont 'd ) fly a grid on this bear . if you make contact , best and he man will put down a smokescreen and then the torpedo bomber will go in . best the hell with smoke . let I go after that carrier with a real bomb . lindsey torpedoes sink carrier , not bomb . and my man need a screen . best give lindsey a cold look . best you need a screen because you plane be slow . and even if you get close enough , you torpedoe do not work . most of the torpedo pilot bristle . but lindsey shrug . 17 . lindsey that 's a rumor . best it 's a rumor because the damn thing have never even be test . ( to mcclusky ) the jap be out there kill we friend . in a sneak attack . let I put a 500 - pound bomb right down they goddamn smokestack . lindsey you have you order , lieutenant . best be about to respond , but mcclusky step forward to quell the disagreement . mcclusky we be all frustrated . but we have to go by the book today . best do not like it -- at all -- but he respects mcclusky enough to stand down . ; best yes , sir . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day best stride toward he wait plane . he 's intercept by he radioman , jame murray ( 25 , danky ) ; Murray have a laconic North Carolina drawl , but the accent lie -- he 's perpetually a bundle of raw nerve . murray be we go after the jap , sir ? best yeah , we be go to smoke ‘em to death . best glance at Murray . best ( cont 'd ) you look like you be go to puke . the assessment be correct ; Murray scared out of he mind by the prospect of go out to find the japanese fleet . but he can not admit that to he pilot . murray I be all right . ( change the subject ) any word from Mr. dickinson ? best not yet . 18 . which mean that he friend be likely dead . but best just continue toward he plane ; he have a job to do . the deck loudspeaker blare : loudspeaker ( v.0o . ) start engine ! ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day one by one the 30 - odd plane of the strike force rumble down the deck . the fighter and sbd be nimble compare to the torpedo bomber , which struggle into the air -- slowed even further by the one - ton torpedo strapped to they belly . ext . pacific ocean - day the plane be frame by the sunset . the sbd do lazy half - circle to keep from outpace the ponderous torpedo bomber . int . best be sbd - day best scan the horizon , frustration etched in he expression . Murray 's voice echoe through the intercom . murray see anything , sir ? best not even a goddamn whale . int . lindsey' tbd - day lindsey be at the control with he two crewmen behind he . he peer down ata map in he lap , but the fade sun have make it hard to decipher anything . lindsey take a deep breath and then speak into he radio . lindsey six baker ten , this be six torpedo one . lead we back to Enterprise . int . best be sbd - day best stare at he radio , incredulous . he lift the receiver to he mouth and speak with a clear edge . best six torpedo ten , you pilot be not train for a night carrier landing with live ordinance . go land at Pearl . lindsey ( v.o. ) we can not clear the mountain . take we back to Enterprise , lieutenant . that 's a direct order . best fume for a long moment as_the pane 's engine drone in the background . he finally toggle the intercom switch . 19 . best hey , Murray . do we have a home signal on the zb ? Murray glance down at a black box , which be show a solid red light . he shake he head . murray we be too far out . best unbelievable . best think for a moment and then toggle back to the radio . best ( cont 'd ) six torpedo one . I be drop my smoke bomb , turn on my run light , and return to Enterprise . follow I if you want . best yank a lever and the plane lurch as the bomb release . Murray 's nervous voice ring through the intercom . murray ( v.o. ) do you know the way home , sir ? best you better hope so . because otherwise we be all go for a swim . we catch a glimpse of Murray 's pale face in the back ; he do not like the sound of that at all . int . USS enterprise - flag bridge - night the radar officer peer into he rudimentary set as a smudge of green light appear at the edge of the scope . radar officer sir! numerous bogy inbound . halsey friendly ? the question hang in the air -- the green dot on the scope reveal nothing . the radio officer speak into he set . radio officer incoming aircraft , identify yourself . static crackle in response . tension build on the bridge : have the japanese find they first ? be they about to suffer the same fate as Pearl Harbor ? finally -- best ( v.0 . ) this be six baker ten . requesting night landing . everyone on the bridge breathes a deep sigh of relief . 20 . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - night the landing signal officer wave he green wand at the end of the illuminate flight deck . a sbd expertly catch the number one arrest wire and slam to a halt . the sbd taxie to the elevator , and best swing out of the cockpit . mcclusky emerge from the shadow to meet he . mcclusky we get word from Pearl . the jap fleet be north , not south . this be the cherry on the shit sundae for best . best that bastard in intelligence could not find they ass with two hand and a flashlight . wham ! the next plane to land be a torpedo bomber . it hit the deck so hard that the deck vibrate . even worse , the impact detach the plane 's torpedo . the deadly " fish " skid across the deck toward the ship 's island , a thousand pound of tnt connect to a percussive cap . halsey and he staff be about to be immolate . at the last moment a lone figure run out of the darkness and leap onto the deadly weapon . this be slim townsend , the deck officer . he ride the torpedo like a bull , foot work as brake , until it finally come to a stop . as man rush to slim 's side to secure the torpedo , best cross the deck in a cold fury . he march up to lindsey , who be smoking with a few of he pilot . best jab a finger at he . best ( cont 'd ) you get yourself lose , expect I to bail you out , and now one of you man almost blow up the damn carrier because you be too chickenshit to fly into Pearl . lindsey I tell you . we could not clear the -- best I know what you tell I . but I bet you hear that Pearl be fire at everything in sight and be worried about you own ass . lindsey do I have to remind you that I be you superior officer ? 21 . best do not hide behind you rank . at least pretend to be a goddamn man . lindsey feel the eye of he fellow pilot and feel obligate to step toward best . but before it can escalate into a fight , mcclusky run up and shove they apart . mcclusky Jesus Christ ! we be all frustrated . but save it for the jap . best stare past mcclusky at lindsey . still seethe . best we be at war now , lindsey . get you shit together . and then best turn on he heel and stride away . int . pearl harbor - kimmel' office - night Admiral kimmel sit at he desk , he head in he hand . layton enter and close the door behind he . layton the japanese be attack on all front . Singapore , the Philippines , guam , Thailand ... no response from kimmel . layton force himself to continue . layton ( cont 'd ) we capture a radio log from a down japanese plane . they hit we with all six of they fleet carrier . kimmel look up at layton as if see he for the first time . he pick up a jag piece of metal from the desk and hold it up to the light . admiral kimmel a spend .50 cal . it crash through the window this afternoon and hit I square in the chest . Left a bruise . ( beat ) I wish it have kill I . layton have no idea what to do with this confession . he swallow hard . finally -- admiral kimmel ( cont 'd ) you be the best intelligence officer I have ever know , layton . they will probably burn you for this too , but if they do not ... swear to I that you will make the next man in this chair listen to you . because this can never happen again . 22 . the word land hard on layton ; he already feel the immense weight of this failure . he draw himself up in a salute . layton yes , sir . ext . pearl harbor - day ( twilight ) the Enterprise enter the main channel . her prow cut through water black with bunker oil , and smoke from the still - burn wreckage shroud everything . makeshift aa emplacement line the bank on either side of the channel . a soldier shout from the shore . soldier ( 0.s. ) you better get the hell out of here or the jap will nail you too ! the word carry clearly across the water to best and moc lusky , who be stand amid a group of man silently take in evastation . best be lock on the still - burn Arizona , eye hollow . mcclusky glance at he . mcclusky think cliff be aboard ? best I do not know . he like to sleep at home when he be in port . mcclusky you be roommate at annapolis ? best Three year . and now he might be dead -- along with thousand of other good man . the duo stand in silence for a long moment . and then best flick he head up at the bridge behind they . best ( cont 'd ) look at the old man . halsey stand outside on the ying bridge , he jaw clenching hal y d id he flyi brid he j lenchi u ina rious rhythm as he take in the scene . he finally turn to he flag officer , speak to nobody in particular . halsey I promise you ... by the time we be through with they , the japanese language will be speak only in hell . ext . naval station pearl harbor - wharf - night the still - burn Arizona cast a red glow on the scene as a oil tanker pump fuel into the berthe Enterprise . best stride down the gangway onto the wharf . when he see dickinson wait at the bottom , best half - smile with relief . 23 . but then he strap on a poker face . best I hear that you jump out of a perfectly good plane . dickinson it be on fire . and the control be dead . best I would have land it . ( beat ) where 's Miller ? dickinson 's expression answer he . best 's face fall . best ( cont 'd ) ah , hell . they share a moment of pain silence for they fall comrade . and then dickinson point down the wharf . dickinson Ann be over there . ext . naval station pearl harbor - wharf - night civilian stand behind a waist-high metal fence , overseen by mps . best approach from the other side , eye search the crowd , until he lock eye with ann best , 28 . she 's a sharp - tongue firecracker who share he Jersey accent . they rush to each other and embrace over the fence , hold each other tightly . she whisper in he ear . ann come home tonight . he pull back , apologetic . best I wish . but we sail as soon as we be refuele . they do not want we in port until they be sure the jap be go . ann I see the first attack . before I realize what be happen and get barb down in the cellar . dive bomber from the north . best be they any good ? ann not bad . but they do not dive as steeply as you squadron . best shake he head , incredulous . 24 . best you be one hell of a navy wife . bomb fall and you keep you head . ( beat ) any word from cliff ? ann he be on duty . we check all of the hospital , but nothing yet . the news be like a punch into best 's gut -- he know that cliff be likely dead . in the wake of that revelation the full weight of this awful day abruptly land on he . best goddammit ! Ann feel the anger and pain and frustration behind that one ferocious word , and she take she husband 's hand . her touch settles he , and best take a slow breath . finally -- best ( cont 'd ) how 's Sarah hold up ? ann you know Sarah . tough as nail . but ... yeah . they be silent for a moment , imagine themselves in Sarah 's shoe . best finally look at she . best I want you and barb to go back to you parent ' place in Jersey . ann no . best blink , catch off - balance by she flat denial . best it be not safe here . ann everyone be say this will be a long war , and I refuse to go year without see you . and neither will you daughter . best but what if -- she cut he off , tone firm . ann you be not shipping I off to Jersey . and that 's final . best stare at he wife , simultaneously frustrated by she obstinacy and impressed by she resolve . he finally nod . 25 . best okay . int . UNITED states capital build - house chamber - day president roosevelt address a joint session of Congress . his nasally voice be brace with a steely resolve . president roosevelt yesterday , December 7 , 1941 -- a date which will live in infamy -- the United States of America be suddenly and deliberately attack by the naval and air force of Japan . ext . tokyo - asakusa district - day traditional geisha house line the street . incongruously , a broadcast of Roosevelt 's speech echoe from a open window . president roosevelt ( v.0 . ) the United States be at peace with that nation and still in conversation with its government for the maintenance of peace in the Pacific . int . geisha house - private room - day yamamoto , now 56 , sit at a tea table . he be naked except for a towel , revealing that he be in excellent shape for a man he age . a radio broadcast Roosevelt 's word . a geisha sit across from yamamoto , wear a silk kimono . president roosevelt ( v.o. ) no matter how long it may take we to overcome this premeditate invasion -- click ! yamamoto twist the volume control of the radio . the geisha give he a curious look . geisha what be the gaijin say ? yamamoto we ambassador in Washington fail to deliver we declaration of war on time . so the Americans think that Pearl Harbor be a sneak attack . geisha what do that mean ? yamamoto stand , he expression grim . yamamoto it mean that we have awaken a sleep giant and fill he with terrible resolve . 26 . ext . imperial general headquarters - day the brick and stone building look as if it should be in London . yamamoto emerge from he staff car , now resplendent in he dress uniform . rear admiral tamon yamaguchi , 49 , a fiery and brilliant rise star in the Imperial navy , stride up to meet he . yamamoto be tamon 's mentor , and the two man share a understanding of american culture -- tamon study at Princeton . but tamon retain the bluntness of a soldier . yamamoto do you enjoy you visit to Hawaii ? tamon I tell nagumo that we need to destroy the fuel tank . but he refuse to launch a third strike . yamamoto that be a devastating mistake . it would have take the Americans a year to resume operation at Pearl . tamon when be you go to remove nagumo from command ? yamamoto how can I remove he ? nagano sink the american battleship . everyone think that he 's a hero . tamon someday that old fool will make a even bigger mistake . yamamoto flick he head at the General headquarters . yamamoto none of that talk inside . we must have a united front against the Army . tamon give he a look . tamon I be not nagumo . you do not have to instruct I in the obvious . int . imperial general hq - supreme council hall - day two long table face each other in the impose room . Naval officer , mark by they blue uniform , line one side . Army officer , wear brown , be on the other . prime minister tojo sit at a dais between they , wear the brown of the Army . his cold eye be lock on yamamoto , who sit at the end of the naval table next to tamon . 27 . yamamoto Pearl Harbor be a great victory . but if we give they time , the Americans will overrun we . we therefore must land the knockout blow by destroy the rest of the american fleet . tojo stare at yamamoto , calculate . finally -- tojo we priority must be seize the resource that we need , which be a job for the Army . the navy 's job be to get we there and back . yamamoto disagree with this theory down to the very core of he soul . but he force himself to stand and salute . yamamoto so it shall be . int . staff car - day yamamoto and tamon ride in the back of a large sedan . tamon shake he head , simmer . tamon the Army get we into this war , and now they expect we to just ferry they around ? yamamoto shrug , resign to the situation . yamamoto for now . but circumstance will change . which be why I want you to start draw up plan for the operation we discuss . tamon 's eye light up . tamon midway . yamamoto nod . the word hang in the air as he stare out the window , once again lose in think . int . white house - oval office - day President Roosevelt sign a formal document at the desk , a array of politician behind he . bulb flash as mob of reporter and photographer jockey for prime position . as Roosevelt lift he pen , senator connally glance down at the watch that he be hold in he hand . senator connally as of 3:05 pm on December 11 , 1941 , the United States be officially at war with Germany . 28 . Roosevelt and connally awkwardly hold they pose as another round of bulb pop . a reporter push he way forward to the front of the scrum . reporter Mr. President ! the jap have we on the run , and people be worried that the West Coast be at risk . how be the navy go to keep we safe ? the panic in the reporter 's voice infect most of the room . but not Roosevelt . he stare at the reporter . president roosevelt it 's go to require strong leadership from Pearl . a admiral who can rebuild morale . reporter do you have a candidate in mind ? Roosevelt just smile to himself , revealing nothing . ext . WASHINGTON , DC - national mall - day a black sedan pull up in front of the utilitarian Main navy Building . admiral chester nimitz , 59 , emerge wear he dress uniform . he be tall with patrician feature and pierce blue eye that accurately forecast he ferocious intelligence . int . MAIN navy build - MAIN office - day a secretary usher nimitz through a bustling main office . she open a door mark : " Admiral Ernest King , cominch . " int . MAIN navy build - king be office - continuous admiral king , 63 , stand with he back to we , clutching a phone . the enormous office contain just a card table and two fold chair . the secretary glance at nimitz . secretary do not mind the office , Admiral . it 's a work in progress . nimitz like we fleet . the secretary smile and exit , close the door behind she . King growl into the phone -- as Roosevelt himself once say , " he 's a man who shave with a blowtorch . " admiral king I need a answer today , dammit . the phone slam back onto its receiver . King turn toward nimitz , who greet he with a salute . 29 . nimitz congratulation , sir . you be the right choice for commander - in-chief of the navy . admiral king when they get in trouble , they send for the son of bitch . ( beat ) sorry about the Arizona . she be you flagship , be not she ? nimitz yes . a lot of good man on that ship . we hear the pain in nimitz 's tone : he 's lose countless friend . King wave at the fold chair . as they sit -- admiral king the situation in the Pacific be even worse than have be report . we have three carrier , the jap have ten . we have zero functional battleship , they have nine . they have more cruiser , more bomber , more fighter , and much of they equipment be more modern . nimitz can we shift resource from the Atlantic ? admiral king the President have decide that Germany must be the priority of the war effort . if England and Russia fall ... the enormity of the challenge weigh on both man . finally -- admiral king ( cont 'd ) it will take at least a year to build new ship and train more man . in the meantime we will just have to count on the boy we have to hold the line . nimitz I do not envy the new commander . King stare at he , flat . nimitz do the math . nimitz ( cont 'd ) it 's I , be not it ? admiral king the President ask for you himself . he say that you should get the hell out to Pearl and stay there until we ship sail into Tokyo Bay . ( more ) 30 . admiral king ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) welcome to the most difficult job in the world . we go close on nimitz as he process the word . this be the great opportunity -- and responsibility -- of he life . ext . pearl harbor - day the crumpled remain of the Arizona jut out of the water , surround by a vast oil slick . a grim crew of sailor on the deck be carefully remove incinerate human remain and place they into canvas bag . ext . pearl harbor - day a group have gather on the nearby shore of the harbor for a funeral . a large photo of a officer in he white dress uniform reveal that the honoree be cliff janz . cliff 's wife sarah , 28 , lay a wreath of flower in the water . she stare at the wreck of the Arizona -- just a few hundred yard away -- as a bugler plays " tap . " behind Sarah be a row of Naval officer in they dress uniform along with they wife and family . best hold hand with Ann , he jaw work furiously as he try to contain he grief . Sarah 's two young son be next to cliff 's photo , do they best to be brave . but one begin to cry , and Ann step forward and put a arm around he . we pan to reveal that several other ceremony be be conduct further down the shore . ext . pearl harbor - parking lot - day best , Ann and Sarah stand next to a Ford V - 8 as Sarah 's two son wait patiently in the back seat . Sarah 's eye flicker to the wreck of the Arizona . sarah it 's just so empty . we do not even have a body to bury . best can not find the word to respond . Ann finally say ... ann I know . Sarah lock on best . sarah cliff want to be a pilot like you , but I talk he out of it . I say it be too dangerous . 31 . Sarah shake she head , catch by the cruel irony , and then open she car door . sarah ( cont 'd ) I will see you at the next funeral . I think we have two more today and three tomorrow . ann you do not have to go . Sarah set she jaw , find some bastion of inner strength . sarah yes I do . we be family . Ann and best just nod ; they know exactly what Sarah mean . the navy take care of its own . int . smith's union bar ( honolulu ) - day Christmas decoration incongruously hang amid military memorabilia and tiki kitsch . Naval officer in they dress uniform pack the narrow space from end - to-end . the photo of cliff hang in a position of honor over the bar . best , dickinson and mcclusky huddle in a corner , obviously several drink deep . mcclusky finish he beer . then : mcclusky do you hear ? wake Island fall . best shake he head , morose . best four hundred and fifty Marines hold out against a whole jap invasion force for fifteen day and the navy just leave they there to die . mcclusky Washington be probably worried about lose the rest of the fleet . best we can not win this war if they do not let we fight . ding ! the bell behind the bar ring . jimmy thatch , 36 , stand on a chair to deliver a toast . he 's a icy - cool fighter pilot with a distinctive Arkansas drawl . thatch I just want to say that cliff janz be one of the finest bastard I have ever meet . I could talk about the man for a hour , but I think that 's a job for one of you boy who go to the Academy with he . 32 . head swivel , search for a candidate . best turn to dickinson , but dickinson wave he off , eye already wet . he choke out the word : dickinson I can not . and so best clamber onto the bar and turn to the sea of face . best hate public speak , but he will be damned if nobody eulogize he friend . best gesture at thatch . best well , hell ... I can not let some fighter jockey speak for cliff . especially one not good enough to fly from Enterprise . thatch smile at the jab as man from other ship good - naturedly boo . best hold up he hand for silence . best ( cont 'd ) summer after plebe year I and cliff go up to visit he uncle on the great Lakes . it 's the peak of prohibition , and we decide to sail to Canada in the dead of night to buy some beer . we get the beer all right , but on we way back -- right before the sun come up -- the wind die . best pause for a moment , lose in the memory . best ( cont 'd ) there we be , float in the middle of the lake , just wait for the border patrol to show up . I say we should ditch the booze . but cliff say , ' Hell no . we will drink it all . ' when that officer find we , we be roll . the group hoot in appreciation . but best 's expression change like a dark cloud pass in front of the sun . best ( cont 'd ) cliff love to laugh -- and he never seem to break a sweat -- but if you dig deep there be something else . I do not know what happen aboard the Arizona , but I guarantee cliff go down fight . ( beat ) cliff be my roommate , my best man , the godfather to my daughter . I think that someday we would be drink beer on a porch and tell lie about what we do in the big war . 33 . for a painful moment best get lose in he emotion . but then he grab a shot glass from the bar and hold it up . best ( cont 'd ) to cliff ! May you get to Heaven before the Devil know you be dead . the group roar , the sound deafen in the small bar , and then everyone downs they shot . ext . naval station pearl harbor - wharf - day best , mcclusky and dickinson weave down the wharf toward the loom shape of the Enterprise , they face flushed with alcohol . dickinson pause , eye lock on something . dickinson shit . shore patrol . a small convoy of jeep be streaking toward they , flag fly from the hood . best squint . best Nah , that 's a Admiral 's flag . I bet it 's the new commander . dickinson who do you think it be ? best I do not care if it 's gengis Khan if he will let we fight . the jeep speed closer . a figure with shock of white hair be sit ramrod straight in the back of the lead vehicle . mcclusky look like nimitz . the man nod appreciatively ; this be good news . best at least they send the a-team . ( shouting ) hey , nimitz ! let we at that jap ! angle on : nimitz the word carry over the Jeep 's engine . as nimitz turn he head toward the three officer walk on the wharf , a horrify staff officer lean toward he new commander . staff officer sorry , sir . do you want I to go get they name ? nimitz shake he head , a thin smile on he face . 34 . nimitz we have take a hell of a wallop . I be glad that at least some of the boy still want to fight . int . MAIN navy build - nimitz's office - day a giant map of the Pacific theater dominate one wall . nimitz sit behind a large desk , flipping through a stack of file . layton enter and give he a stiff salute . layton welcome to Pearl , sir . I be Lieutenant Commander layton . nimitz glance up from he work . nimitz I know who you be . layton then you will understand my request . I wish to be reassign to a destroyer . nimitz you can kill more jap here with I than you will ever kill on a destroyer . layton blink . he be not expect that response . layton you want I on you staff ? nimitz do not you try to warn my predecessor about the impending attack ? layton not exactly . I say that we have lose track of the enemy carrier and need to be prepare . nimitz but Admiral kimmel do not take you seriously because Washington disagree . layton I should have push harder . nimitz a lesson , I assume , that you have take to heart . layton Sir , I be the intelligence officer responsible for oversee the great intelligence failure in american history . it will look bad if you keep I . 35 . nimitz give layton a long look . then : nimitz Close the door . layton comply . nimitz stand and come around the desk . nimitz ( cont 'd ) morale be low -- and for good reason . the Philippines be soon to fall , and the japanese be advance on all front at a terrifying pace . even worse , meaningful reinforcement will not arrive for at least another year . I nevertheless believe that we can hold the line . I know the fight spirit of we man , and I have faith in they . ( beat ) but I also need to know that they have faith in themselves . layton chew over the word for a long moment ; he understand exactly what nimitz be ask he . finally -- layton I know what the japanese be go to do , but I do not push hard enough . I will not make that mistake again . nimitz nod , the question settle . nimitz then you will be my Admiral yamamoto . get in he head , tell I what he 's go to do next . nimitz walk over to the giant map , layton trail he . nimitz ( cont 'd ) here 's my first assignment . we need to throw a punch . not just for morale , but so that the japanese know what it feel like to be hit . nimitz 's finger circle a desolate cluster of island squarely in the center of the Pacific . nimitz ( cont 'd ) I be send halsey and the Enterprise to hit the Marshall Islands . but I need to know that they be not walk into a trap . layton start toward the door ; he understand the assignment . layton I will locate the enemy carrier . 36 . ext . USS enterprise - night the great ship churn through the Pacific , leave a translucent green wake behind she . super : " marshall island - february 1 , 1942 . 0400 . " int . USS enterprise - pilot ready room - night mcclusky stand at the front of the room , deliver the briefing to the assemble pilot . mcclusky the target be roi Island . we submarine have report shipping traffic and a military airfield . although we have the advantage of surprise , we do not know exactly what we be face . so hit they as hard as possible and then get the hell out . best what about the enemy carrier ? mcclusky Intelligence say they be two thousand mile away . best raise a eyebrow . best the same group of geniuse who blow Pearl Harbor ? mcclusky like I say ... be prepare for anything . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - night moonlight illuminate the row of tightly - pack plane . best stride up to he sbd where Murray wait , practically vibrate with nervous energy . murray Morning , sir . what 's the plan ? best the other squadron will hit first . we will go in last to clean up the remain target . murray meaning the jap be go to be ready for we . ( best shrug ) what if we be shot down ? Murray be clearly jook for reassurance from he pilot . best jerk a finger at the sbd 's twin browning . 37 . best I be not go to be a pow , so you job be to get that .30 cal to I . we will put we back into a sand dune and keep shoot until they have to kill we to get the damn gun . Murray 's knee weaken -- this be not the morale boost he need . but best just swing up into the cockpit , oblivious . int . lindsey' tbd - day ( dawn ) lindsey fly low , the wave just fifty foot beneath the belly of he plane . his eye be lock on a dozen ship tightly cluster in a narrow anchorage . lindsey ( into radio ) I have get the heavy cruiser in my sight . pick a target and get close enough to make they count . tracers abruptly streak out toward the plane from either side of the anchorage . lindsey yank a lever ... ... and he tbd lurch as the one - ton torpedo splashes into the water below . lindsey immediately bank away from the gunfire . the torpedo , meanwhile , bubbles toward -- ext . japanese freighter - day ( dawn ) panicked sailor shout in japanese on the deck of the lightly - armed ship . the engine rumble to a start as man furiously work to slip the anchor , but the ship remain a sit duck . at the last moment the man brace for impact -- thud ! the torpedo slam into the hull and break in half . the stunne sailor pick themselves off the deck and glance over the side where the break piece of the weapon bob as innocently as buoy . ext . roi airfield - day ( dawn ) the rise sun on the horizon match the japanese flag fly over the base . a siren blare a warning as a line of type 96 fighter hurtle themselves into the air . at the last moment we catch a glimpse of a diving aircraft -- it 's a sbd . bomb drop from the wing . int . dickinson be sbd - day dickinson stare at a series of distant explosion through a pair of binocular . the sprawling archipelago of the Marshall Islands be visible below he , partially conceal by cloud . dickinson look like we boy on roi poke a hornet 's nest . 38 . dickinson swing the binocular . a fast - move cloud pass ahead of he , revealing another japanese airfield in the center of a large island . dozen of plane tine the runway . dickinson ( cont 'd ) oh , shit . dickinson fumble to toggle the switch on he radio . dickinson ( cont 'd ) we have get a problem . I have eye on a second enemy airfield . int . best be sbd - day best fly above a cloud , the five other plane of he scout squadron trail off he right wing . dickinson ( v.0o . ) I be count maybe thirty bomber . and heavy fighter cover . best copy that . ( he flip the channel ) you hear that , boy ? if we do not knock out that airfield , they will go after Enterprise . and I want a place to land when this be over . best shove he throttle forward . best ( cont 'd ) stay on my wing . int . USS enterprise - flag bridge - day report pour in from the radio as Captain brown mark the estimate position of the various air group on the map . halsey enter and lock on brown . halsey what have we get ? captain browning the roi airfield be out of commission . we torpedo bomber be go after some ship in the harbor . ( beat ) but there 's another major airfield on taroa . at least thirty bomber . halsey blanch . this be not good news . halsey can we hit it ? captain browning best and he scout be en route . but they have get no fighter cover . 39 . halsey 's expression be clear : that 's nowhere near enough plane to do the job . int . best be sbd - day taroa Island be quickly approach . Metal glint off the leave wingtip of best 's sbd , catch Murray 's attention . he frantically shout into he intercom . murray enemy fighter , sir . nine o'clock . best ( into radio ) we get company . start you run . best shove the throttle forward and then drop the sbd 's nose . as the plane accelerate , flak burst in the sky ahead of they . the percussion wave rattles the airframe . best ignore the flak and roll the sbd onto its back . a instant later they be plummete downward at the plane 's terminal velocity -- almost three hundred mile a hour . Murray clutches the handle in the back seat , float against he harness as he go weightless . his panicked eye be focus on the altimeter , which be spin downward . ten thousand foot ... eight thousand foot ... best peer into the three - power telescope above the instrument panel , one hand on the stick and the other on the bomb release . Murray 's voice echoe in he ear . murray ( v.o. ) Three thousand ... two thousand ... best yank the bomb release , and the plane lurch as five hundred pound fall away . he pull the stick -- -- and be slam back into he seat as the immense weight of six gs slam into he torso . ext . taroa airfield - day a anti-aircraft emplacement spit shell into the face of best 's oncoming sbd . the air scream as the plane pull out of its dive , just a hundred foot off the ground . boom ! the large hanger explode as best 's bomb detonate , shredd a dozen japanese bomber . int . best be sbd - day best work the stick , blink the haze from he eye . a fighter appear in the windscreen , and best steer straight at it . he line up he gunsight and depress the trigger -- 40 . rat-tat-tat ! the sbd vibrate with the shot . the muzzle of the japanese plane be also flash , and we whip pan as it pass we at 500 mile a hour . best glance over he shoulder and see black smoke burst from the enemy fighter 's wing . but he have no time to celebrate because two other fighter be close from six o'clock . best get that bastard off I . Murray open fire as best weave and bob , try to stay out of they gunsight . but the fighter keep close until -- thud ! thud ! bullet slam into the sbd . Murray instinctively drop the gun and take cover . best ( cont 'd ) keep fire , dammit ! it take a enormous effort , but Murray force himself to return to the gun . as they chatter back into action , the second enemy fighter begin its pass ... ... but best pull back on the stick and the sbd rise into a massive cumulus cloud . suddenly , the world be white . Murray nervously peer from side to side until -- -- they pop back out into the brilliant blue . Murray lock on a object off the right wing . murray bogey ! Three o'clock . the sbd duck back into the cloud . ten claustrophobic second pass . and then they emerge back into the sunlight ... Murray pan from side to side . nothing . but just as he breathes a sigh of relief , he notice a plume spew from they right wing . murray ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) Mr. best , we be on fire ! best turn to look . and then he shake he head . best damn it , Murray , that 's just gasoline . do not scare I like that again . Murray 's face say , just gasoline ? and then he sink back into he seat , utterly drain from he baptism by fire . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day best 's sbd taxie to a halt . dickinson be wait for best as he emerge from the cockpit . 41 . best we get most of that bomber . but not all of them . dickinson give the damage wing a dry glance . dickinson look like they almost get you . best finger one of the hole make by the japanese round and then shrug , unfaze . best not enough lead . Murray , on the other hand , give the damage a horrify look as he register exactly how close they come to the edge . dickinson 's radioman , bruno gaido , 24 , sidle up to he . bruno be short with a heavy Long Island accent . bruno you be lucky to fly with best . murray want to trade ? bruno what ? too much excitement for you ? murray yeah . he 's try to win the war all by himself . bruno be about to respond , but a air raid siren abruptly blare . best and dickinson share a glance . dickinson that can not be good . int . USS enterprise - flag bridge - day halsey pace behind the radar officer , who be stare into he scope like a crystal ball . radar officer we have multiple bogy . about fifteen mile out and close fast . radio officer Fighting six en route to intercept . a burst of static from the radio . then -- radio ( v.0o . ) this be six foxtrot one . we have visual on five twin-engine bomber . stand by to intercept . ten second of silence . tension swell on the bridge . and then a explosion of noise from the radio . 42 . radio ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) gun jamme ! gun jamme ! ( another voice ) dammit to hell . I too . ( the first voice ) Enterprise , this be six foxtrot one . intercept fail . everyone look to halsey . he stand ramrod straight , seemingly unfaze by the news . halsey we will do it the old fashioned way . Fire with everything we have get . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day as the gun emplacement on either side of the deck swing into action , the ship escort the Enterprise also open fire . Cloud of flak burst off the stern in a ominous storm . dickinson and best remain stand on the deck , watch with a professional detachment as five japanese type 96 ( " nell " ) bomber race toward the carrier . the flak be burst far behind the income aircraft , and dickinson shake he head , frustrated . dickinson goddamn gunner ... do not they know they have gotta lead that plane ? best they be too excited . they have never fire at a live target before . ( beat ) might as well be use water pistol . the nell be now just a thousand yard away -- close enough to see they bomb bay door open . best ( cont 'd ) brace for impact . the man crouch against the deck as bomb fall from the plane . the japanese have the Enterprise dead to rights ... ... but the deck lurch as the helmsman swing the wheel . this be a twenty - thousand ton ship move at thirty knot , but she be nevertheless surprisingly agile . best stare up at the bomb , calculate . the first one slam into the water a hundred yard to starboard . int . USS enterprise - engine room - day steam hiss as the giant turbine whirl . a giant bosun bellow amid the noise . 43 . bosun flank speed ! thud ! thud ! the force of the bomb detonate in the water slam into the hull like a giant hammer . ext . USS enterprise - flag bridge - day the final bomb explode just fifty foot off the starboard bow , shower the deck with water . halsey watch the bomber as they pass over the ship and then turn to he officer . halsey tell the helmsman that be damn good steering . brown point out the window . captain browning it be not over . four of the bomber be streaking away from the carrier , but one be turn around and come back . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day best and dickinson stare at the income bomber . it 's rapidly drop altitude , nose point at the ship . dickinson what the hell be he do ? best turn himself into a bomb . the bomber be approach directly from the stern , and most of the Enterprise 's aa gun be therefore unable to train on it . best helplessly watch the bomber , do the math , until a lone figure dash across the deck . it 's bruno gaido . he run to the aftmost park sbd , leap into the rear séat , and rack the .30 cal . a instant later he open fire in the face of the oncoming bomber . the japanese pilot adjust he course so that he 's come straight toward bruno . it 's a old - fashioned duel : mano a mano . bruno keep fire , unflinch , until -- -- the bomber 's wing abruptly burst into flame . but the japanese pilot ignore it and fight to hold he course . best and dickinson watch in horror as the bomber 's wing slice through bruno 's sbd -- cut it in half -- before the japanese plane skid over the deck and slam into the ocean . the rear half of the sbd do a 360 , slide with a screech toward the sea , but it miraculously grind to a halt just foot from the edge of the deck . 44 . rat-tat-tat ! the .30 cal be still fire . bruno stand on he tiptoe and hammer more bullet into the sink plane . when it finally disappear beneath the wave , he calmly flip the safety on the .30 cal and then swing out onto the deck . dickinson and best be rush up to the plane along with the fire crew . as they spray the sbd with water , dickinson stare at bruno and shake he head , incredulous . dickinson damn , bruno . bruno just shrug . bruno ai not they pay we to kill jap ? before dickinson can reply , a breathless ensign run up to the group . he point at bruno . ensign Admiral halsey want to see you on the bridge . bruno blanch . he might have have no qualm about face down a japanese bomber , but be call up to the bridge be a whole different ballgame . int . USS enterprise - flag bridge - day the ensign enter , bruno warily trail behind he . halsey turn away from a chart and lock on bruno . halsey that 's the bravest damn thing I have ever see . what 's you name , son ? bruno draw himself up in he best salute . bruno bruno gaido , sir . Aviation machinist 's mate third class . halsey well , bruno ... you be now a Aviation machinist 's mate first class . as bruno break into a smile , brown catch halsey 's eye . captain browning Admiral , do not you think it 's about time we get the hell out of here ? halsey I be think the same thing myself . halsey turn to the radioman . 45 . halsey ( cont 'd ) signal the fleet . tell they it 's time to haul ass with halsey . as the radioman move to comply , Big Band music incongruously begin to play in the background . CUT to : ext . royal hawaiian HOTEL - establishing - night the sprawling compound , know from its paint color as the " pink Palace , " overlook waikiki Beach . Palm tree sway in the breeze -- it feel a million mile away from the war . ext . royal hawaiian HOTEL - MAIN entrance - night the navy have take over the hotel . officer in uniform stream in the front door , along with young woman wear uso pin . a well - wear Ford park , and best get out of the car . he hold the door open for Ann . as she emerge , she give a pass gaggle of uso woman a dry look . ann be you sure that you want you wife fly wingman for you tonight ? best nobody tell I there be go to be uso girl . so if you would not mind let I do a quick lap by myself ... Ann give he arm a condescending pat . ann that 's cute . but we both know you can barely handle the woman you have . best smile and then take Ann 's arm and lead she toward the hotel 's entrance . int . royal hawaiian HOTEL - wagon wheel - night the western - theme restaurant be pack with reveler . service member surreptitiously sip from flask as couple whirl on the dance floor in front of a navy band . best sit with he arm around Ann at a table across from dickinson and mcclusky . dickinson be midway through a story . dickinson so my dad take the turn too hard , and I literally fall off the back of the turnip truck . the next thing I know this girl be -- a burst of cheering from the corner interrupt the story : it 's a group of torpedo bomber and uso woman . lindsey stand at the center of the circle , bask in attention . 46 . torpedo bomber we show that jap ! as the group cheer again , best roll he eye . best look at that yahoo . we face the jap 's b-team , and they still give we all we could handle . dickinson maybe . but a win 's a win . why not enjoy the moment ? best consider the word and then glance down at Ann 's empty glass . he squeeze she shoulder . best want another drink ? ann I do if you want I to dance . best smile and head toward the bar . when he 's go , mcclusky lean across the table toward Ann . mcclusky you should be proud of you man . he be a rock out there . ann why be not he commanding the squadron ? mcclusky blink at she bluntness -- amusing dickinson , who be more familiar with Ann 's style . mcclusky I do not make that decision . ann I understand before the war when everything be about politics . but now ? he 's the best pilot in the fleet . mcclusky there 's a old say in the navy . the best pilot do not make the best commander . ann what do that mean ? dickinson and mcclusky stare at Ann , weigh she . dickinson eventually decide to be honest . dickinson you husband expect everyone to be as good as he be . and he have no patience when we be not . ( more ) 47 . dickinson ( cont 'd ) but real leadership come from understanding what make the rest of we tick . Ann absorb the word and then glance across the bar at best , who be still wait for he drink . as he reach for he wallet , a man belly up to the bar next to he . it 's layton . he glance at the patch on best 's jacket . layton you be a dive bomber on Enterprise ? best nod , eye lock on the bartender . best that 's right . layton can I buy you a round ? best swing he head to look at layton . he immediately lock on the insignia attach to he collar . best fleet Intelligence , huh ? ( beat ) maybe you guy should spend less time drink and more time try to find the jap . best 's tone be flat , but there 's no mistake the insult . layton flush . layton this be my first time out since Pearl . I and my team be try to win this war , just like you flyboy . best yeah , and every time I see the wreck of the Arizona I think about what a bang - up job you be do . at that moment the bartender return with the drink . best slap a five- dollar bill on the bar . best ( cont 'd ) keep the change , buddy . best grab the drink and stride back to he table , leave a stunne layton in he wake . he put the glass down in front of the group and offer Ann he hand . best ( cont 'd ) let 's dance . 48 . int . royal hawaiian HOTEL - wagon wheel - night the party continue as best and Ann slowly swirl on the dance floor , she head on he shoulder . for this one moment they be just a young couple in love . int . best' house - bedroom - night Light from the hallway illuminate a child 's bedroom . best crouch on the floor , watch barbera best , 4 , sleep . she clutches a teddy bear clad in a Naval Academy football jersey . the door open slightly , revealing Ann wear a bathrobe . ann come to bed . best gently smooth barb 's cover and kiss she forehead . and then , after one reluctant last look , he leave the room . int . MAIN navy build - nimitz's office - day nimitz come around he desk to greet halsey , hand outstretch . as they shake -- nimitz Hell of a job , Bill . halsey well , I get the boy ' foot wet . but I might have push my luck a little bit at the end . nimitz we be not go to get back in this war without take a few chance . ( beat ) in that spirit there 's someone who I want you to meet . nimitz nod at the corner of the room , and jimmy doolittle , 45 , step forward . he wear a leather bomber jacket and -- like halsey -- have a infectious swagger . nimitz ( cont 'd ) this be Lieutenant Colonel doolittle from the Army Air Force . he want to bomb Tokyo . halsey give doolittle a dubious look . halsey so do I . but there 's the small matter of fight through the entire japanese navy first . doolittle that 's why I want to launch my B - 25s from one of you carrier . ( more ) 49 . doolittle ( cont 'd ) we have the range to strike from outside the japanese defense . halsey blink , not quite sure that he hear doolittle right , e and then glance at nimitz . halsey he 's out of he goddamn mind . nimitz they say the same thing about you . be you willing to try and get he within 500 mile of Japan ? halsey if some Army flyboy have the gut to launch a fifteen ton aircraft from a carrier , I do not see how the navy can say no . nimitz nod , decision make . nimitz then you gentleman be partner . ext . pearl harbor - day Enterprise sorty into the open ocean . hornet trail behind she , sixteen b- 25 bs strapped to she flight deck . the plane look outlandishly large on the carrier . int . USS enterprise - pilot ready room - day five young pilot shift nervously in they seat . best abruptly burst into the room and launch into a speech without so much as clear he throat . best welcome aboard Enterprise . you be replace good man -- much earlier than either I or the navy want . but that 's war . ( beat ) question ? the man blink , overwhelm . willie west , 24 , finally stick he hand in the air . Willie be athletic and unrelentingly earnest -- a all - american in the old sense of the phrase . willie I see the bomber on the deck of the hornet . where be we go , sir ? best the destination of this task force be Tokyo . willie Tokyo ? 50 . best stare at Willie , read he nerve and naivete . after a uncomfortable moment -- best as xo it 's my job to make sure you be worth more than a bucket of warm spit , and I do not have time to coddle you . the jap be wait for we , so we need pilot who can hold they own . best start toward the door . he speak over he shoulder . best ( cont 'd ) we will hold you qualifying landing as soon as we launch that bomber . I need you in the rotation asap , so do not screw it up . and then he 's go . the five young pilot stare at each other , eye wide . last week they be in flight school ; today they be in the middle of the war . ext . pacific ocean - day Enterprise and hornet steam due west , surround by a ring of cruiser and destroyer . super : " april 18 , 1942 . 750 mile west of japan " int . USS enterprise - flag bridge - day halsey stand in the center of the bridge , read a message . he glance up at he officer . halsey enemy picket five mile out . they be go to blow we cover . captain browning should we tell doolittle to launch ? halsey every mile we get he closer to Tokyo be fuel he can use to get the hell out of there . but ... halsey 's face reflect he dilemma : he also have to worry about he own man . ext . USS hornet - flight deck - day the b- 25 bs be park impossibly close together on the deck . Army crew scramble to get into the plane as the cruiser USS Nashville fire she main battery in the background . the heavy retort of the gun carry to Jimmy thatch , who be watch the scene with GEORGE gay , 26 . Gay be a torpedo bomber with a blue- collar edge and a thick Texas twang . 51 . gay Jesus . you ever see a cruiser fire before ? thatch not at a live target . Gay turn he attention to the b-25 bs . doolittle be clamber into the lead bomber . gay they might be Army , but they have get some ball on they . ( beat ) ten buck they do not get that plane off the deck . thatch I will take that bet . the twin engine of doolittle 's b-25b roar into action and the bomber lurch forward . it 's a impossibly short amount of runway for the huge plane , and when it reach the end of the deck it drop toward the wait sea ... ... but its wing claw for air , engine scream , and the plane recover just above the crest of the wave . as it climb into the sky , the next B - 25b start down the deck . thatch breathes a sigh of relief and then look at Gay , who have a similar expression on he face . gay that 's ten buck I be glad to lose . int . MAIN navy build - cincpac operation room - day nimitz pace as he flag officer stare down at a giant map . layton and rochefort , meanwhile , be huddle over a long - range radio set in the corner . nimitz should not the bomber have reach Japan by now ? rochefort twist a dial and the radio lock on a station . a seductive female voice speak English with a japanese accent . this be the notorious propagandist tokyo rose . tokyo rose ( v.0 . ) hello , this be Radio Tokyo . everyone be talk about the collapse of american force in the Philippines and the capture of thousand of they imperialist troops . very soon we -- Tokyo Rose 's voice abruptly cease , follow by the faint wail of a AIR raid siren . nimitz lean toward the radio , try to hear through the static . 52 . nimitz be that what I think it be ? a burst of shout in japanese come through the radio . everyone look at layton . nimitz ( cont 'd ) what be they say ? layton listen for a moment . and then a thin smile . layton they be under attack . ext . layton house - night layton emerge from he well - wear Ford deluxe and walk up the driveway to he front door , briefcase under he arm . int . layton house - dine room - night layton put he briefcase on the table and pull out a thick sheaf of papers . as he begin to sort through they , Miriam appear in the doorway , wear a nightgown . she give layton a long look , note he haggard expression . miriam come to bed . you look like something the cat spat up . layton I will be right there . Miriam cross the room and remove he glass . layton blink ; he 's blind as a bat without they . miriam I be take this hostage . layton just half a hour . I promise . miriam do America win the war really depend on Edwin layton work himself to death ? layton weigh she word for a long moment . finally -- layton some of we boy bomb Tokyo today . they be suppose to land in free China , but they run out of fuel and have to bail out over japanese occupy territory . if the jap catch they , they will be torture and execute . Miriam blink , shocked at both the news and the fact that she husband share the information . 53. miriam what can you do to help they ? layton probably nothing . but we be not go to lose any more man because I do not dig deep or push hard enough . layton say it without affect , but Miriam can nevertheless hear the pain behind the word . she carefully slide the glass back onto he face and start toward the kitchen . miriam I will fix you a sandwich . ext . china - mountainside - day ( dawn ) japanese soldier cluster around a crash b- 25b , stare at the american insignia paint on its wing and tail . a officer talk into a radio , he tone insistent . int . china - water mill - day doolittle sit against a wall , bandage a badly - sprain ankle . a dog trot inside . it growl when it notice he . doolittle hey , beat it . the dog respond by burst into a fit of bark . a moment later doolittle hear voice outside the door . he look for another exit , but he 's trap . doolittle draw he service revolver and check the action . but he expression be conflict as he stare down at the gun . be he really go to use it ? ext . china - village - day a group of chinese man hurry a limping doolittle past gawk peasant . they lead he through a door into -- int . schoolhouse - continuous the cramped room be pack with more peasant . doolittle lock on a familiar face : cole ( he co-pilot ) be stand between a pair of burly man in the corner . as the two Americans exchange a worried glance , zhu xuesan , 33 , enter . the peasant give he a nod of respect . he look at doolittle and speak in accented English . zhu who be you ? doolittle briefly hesitates before squaring he shoulder . doolittle american pilot . we crash here after bombing Japan . 54 . Zhu process the word and then turn and speak to the rest of the group in chinese . doolittle try to read they reaction , but for a anxious moment they be stone- face ... ... and then they turn to he and begin to smile and bow . ext . china - countryside - day a japanese armored car rush down the center of a dirt road . it make no effort to swerve around a ox - draw hay wagon , and the ancient- look vehicle be force into a ditch . as the dust recede we reveal that the " farmer " calming the ox be actually Zhu . we pan back to reveal two face peer out from beneath the hay : Cole and doolittle . Cole glance from the retreate armored car to Zhu . cole why be they help we ? doolittle if you think Pearl Harbor be bad , you should have see what the jap do to nanking . the wagon wheel squeak as the ox once again lumber forward . Zhu wait until they be back on the road and then speak to the Americans out of the corner of he mouth . zhu tonight we will cross the line . you will be safe by morning . yes ? doolittle and Cole glance at each other , grateful for they unexpected savior . all they can say be ... doolittle thank you . ext . japan - hashirajima anchorage - day the seven giant battleship that form the traditional heart of the japanese fleet lie at anchor . the large of they all be yamato , the most powerful warship ever build . ext . yamato - MAIN deck - day tamon step aboard the ship , ignore the salute froma line of midshipmen . Men be still welding on the deck -- yamato be a month away from be declare operational . int . yamato - corridor - day tamon march down a long corridor and then stop in front of a watertight door mark with a admiral 's crest . he take a breath before he knock and enter -- 55 . int . yamato - yamamoto' cabin - continuous the dim light reveal that the spacious suite be fill with a unusual blend of object : frame degree from Harvard and Oxford next to samurai sword . yamamoto sit on a mat in the corner , leg cross . he speak without look at he guest . yamamoto leave I . tamon you must come out of you cabin . it 's bad for morale . yamamoto slowly turn he head . his eye be hollow . yamamoto the Emperor be in Tokyo during the raid . we put he life at risk . tamon it be a handful of bomber . yamamoto we swore to keep we homeland impenetrable , so even a bungling attack be better than the most skillful defense . tamon hear the agony in yamamoto 's voice . he cross the room and crouch next to he commander . tamon I come from Tokyo . everyone now agree that you be right about the american carrier . they must be destroy . yamamoto stare at tamon , a spark lighting in he eye . yamamoto they approve my midway plan ? tamon tojo say we must finish we operation in the coral Sea . but then we can turn we attention to midway . yamamoto unfold he leg and stand . yamamoto then we have work to do . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day dickinson and best stand amid a group of pilot and radiomen in the brilliant sunshine . best hold a clipboard , he eye lock on a sbd approach the carrier . 56 . the pilot have take too shallow a approach for he landing , but he manage to correct and grab the middle wire . best nod to himself and then mark the clipboard . best not bad . we will put he in the rotation . ( to dickinson ) who 's next to qualify ? dickinson Willie West . best lock on a lone figure walk out to a idling plane . best where 's he radioman ? dickinson he could not find anyone willing to fly with he . ( off best ) they could smell he fear . first time you land on this deck , it look like a postage stamp . and nobody want to get wet . best be clearly unhappy with the situation , but before he can respond bruno gaido step forward from the group of radiomen . bruno I will go with he . everyone stare at bruno ; to the other radiomen this seem like madness . but bruno just shrug . bruno ( cont 'd ) he should not fly alone . ext . pacific ocean - day a lone sbd approach the Enterprise , skew awkwardly in the air as the pilot make constant micro-adjustments . int . willie be sbd - day Willie clutches the stick in a death grip , eye lock on the carrier 's deck . bruno growl from the back seat . bruno breathe , goddammit . the word help ; Willie slightly relax he grip . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day the sbd come in like a wounded duck . it appear that it might overshoot the carrier entirely , but at the last moment it dip toward the deck . the wheel slam into the wood and the hook miraculously catch the final wire . 57 . best and dickinson share a incredulous glance . best I guess he pass . dickinson by a act of god . best maybe . but we need he in the rotation . ( off dickinson ) how else be he go to learn ? dickinson do not like it , but he know there 's truth behind best 's word . they need every pilot they can get . ext . pearl harbor - day it 's only be five month since the attack , but most of the damage have be repair and new building have arisen . int . MAIN navy build - nimitz's office - day nimitz stare out the window at the harbor , brow furrow as he think . he finally turn back to the room , revealing -- -- rochefort and layton stand in front of the tactical map . the position of two US carrier task force be clearly mark : lexington and yorktown be in the South Pacific and Enterprise be halfway between they and Pearl Harbor . nimitz so the japanese be send two carrier into the coral Sea ? layton 's hand sweep across a handful of island . layton they be try to break we lifeline to Australia . and if they succeed ... we will be screw . nimitz nod to himself . nimitz then lexington and yorktown be in the right spot . I will order Enterprise to join they . rochefort realize they have be dismiss and start for the door . but layton grab he arm . layton tell he about the other thing . rochefort it 's just a theory . nimitz what kind of theory ? 58 . rochefort do not like be call on the carpet , especially in front of he admiral . but he reluctantly explain . rochefort the japanese be plan something bigger . much bigger . nimitz what make you think that ? rochefort Little bit and piece that we have intercept . a message that a battleship will not be ready in time for a upcoming operation . a request for map of the aleutian Islands . order for large quantity of refueling hose . nimitz where be they go to hit ? rochefort we do not know yet . nimitz well , figure it out . nimitz mean it as a joke , but rochefort take he at face value . he salute and then exit . layton , however , linger . layton I trust he instinct . nimitz I hope so . because I be betting on they . nimitz stare down at the two carrier in the South Pacific . nimitz ( cont 'd ) you know , we finally might be face decent odd . especially if Enterprise get down there in time . ext . coral sea - day amid the picturesque turquoise water a carrier burn , a thick plume of oily black smoke rise into the sky . " lexington " be paint across she stern . super : " coral sea - may 8 , 1942 " kaboom ! Aviation fuel ignites , send the lexington 's rear elevator soar into the sky . this ship be finish . halsey ( v.0o . ) two enemy carrier supposedly wounded . but at the price of the lexington . and yorktown severely damage . 59 . the camera pan to reveal a second carrier : the yorktown . she 's burn from a bomb strike amidship . halsey ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) dammit . why could not we have be there ? int . USS enterprise - flag bridge - day halsey pace on the bridge , a bundle of raw emotion . the flag officer be stay out of he way . captain browning this leave we and hornet as the only carrier in the Pacific . halsey yeah . and hornet be so green that she look like a goddamn float Christmas tree . ( beat ) we be the one ship stand between the japanese and the West Coast . int . USS enterprise - pilot ready room - day a dozen pilot read and play card . halsey enter and the man instantly snap to attention . halsey I want to see best and mcclusky . the other pilot quickly exit . it 's clear from best and mcclusky 's expression that they be wonder why they admiral want to see they alone . halsey ( cont 'd ) at ease . right . they nevertheless do they best to appear relaxed . alséy , meanwhile , lean against the wall and stare at the flight board , absentmindedly scratch he side . best note the deep bag under halsey 's eye . best be you okay , admiral ? halsey I be not sleep . get some kind of strange rash ... halsey catch himself and square he shoulder , the usual bulldog expression return to he face . halsey ( cont 'd ) I be do play politics . this ship be about to run a gauntlet , so I need my best man in the right spot . ( more ) 60 . halsey ( cont 'd ) ( to mcclusky ) you be now in charge of the whole air group . I do not have a lick of confidence in that damn torpedoe , so I want you in a dive bomber . ( to best ) and I be bump you up from second in command of bomb six . you be the new skipper . the two man be speechless ; all they can do be pull themselves into a pair of crisp salute . halsey give they a hard look . halsey ( cont 'd ) the navy -- hell , the whole damn country -- be count on you . so do not screw it up . and then he stomp out of the room , leave best and mcclusky alone with they new responsibility . int . yamato - corridor - day yamamoto march down a hallway . Men be shout behind a close door . he throw it open and burst into -- int . yamato - map room - continuous the shouting instantly cease as yamamoto enter . a dozen officer stand around a giant table cover with a map . tiny ship model cover the central Pacific , and dice lie ona feel pad -- it 's a massive war game . yamamoto why be you argue ? this be no way to conduct a war game . admiral nagumo , 61 , stand in the center of the room , he face red . a row of medal hang from he chest , and he fill out he uniform like a samurai ... but appearance lie . he 's a dull and utterly unimaginative commander . nagumo gesture at a junior officer who be wear a armband mark with a american flag . admiral nagumo that young fool deviate from doctrine . nagumo 's finger jut at_the center of the giant map , where four japanese carrier lie to the west of midway Island . admiral nagumo ( cont 'd ) I follow you plan . we attack midway with the carrier ... nagumo 's finger move west to a thick cluster of ship . 61 . admiral nagumo ( cont 'd ) ... while we battleship wait here to spring the trap . my carrier be ready to pivot as soon as the Americans respond from Pearl . yamamoto but ...? everyone 's attention turn to the junior officer . he swallow hard , try to find he confidence . junior officer ny force do not come from Pearl . they be wait to the northeast and launch they strike while Admiral nagumo 's plane be occupy bombing midway . I sink three of he carrier . admiral nagumo such a move be impossible . unless the Americans know we be come . tamon speak from the corner of the room , where he have be watch the debate like a hawk . tamon but what will you do if you be wrong ? if the Americans have the advantage of surprise ? nagumo give tamon a imperious look , displease with the challenge from a subordinate . genda minoru , 37 , the cocky young officer responsible for air operation in the fleet , respond on he behalf with a dismissive wave . genda one touch of the armored gauntlet . yamamoto stare at nagumo , he expression demand a more detailed explanation . nagumo shrug . admiral nagumo genda be right . we defensive power be unbreakable . yamamoto consider this for a moment and then turn to the young officer play the Americans . yamamoto start again . but this time you carrier must come from Pearl . ext . yamato - MAIN deck - day tamon stand near the sharp prow of the mighty warship , stare out at the vast fleet . it 's a remarkable collection of military might , yet tamon 's brow be furrow . yamamoto approach . after a long moment -- 62 . yamamoto you do not approve . tamon I never like kabuki theater . and it worry I that nagumo can not even win a war game without cheating . yamamoto all he have to do be follow the plan . ( beat ) and so do you . tamon hear the subtext in that word : we might be friend , but I be you superior officer . so he keep he mouth shut . int . USS enterprise - pilot ready room - day the squadron 's pilot be sprawle across the chair . dickinson , who be write a letter , notice best enter . dickinson ten-hut ! the pilot snap to they foot . best roll he eye and then lock on dickinson , who be fight a smirk . best funny . ( to the man ) sit the hell down . as they settle back into they chair -- best ( cont 'd ) well , I guess you hear the news . I know some of you think I be a pain - in- the -ass as a xo , but it 's about to get worse . ( beat ) we be head back to Pearl to resupply , and it 's probably because something big be come down the pipe . I be therefore double scout flight , and I expect you to practice diving run whenever you get a chance . do not be the guy who let down the squadron when we finally face the jap . best survey the room ; the levity be go . best ( cont 'd ) dismiss . best turn to the ready board and stare at it as the man silently file out the door behind he . Willie , however , stay behind . when everyone else be go , best glance at he . best ( cont 'd ) yeah ? 63 . the word come in a rush . willie I do not know if I can do this , sir . I think I be a good pilot , but I have totally lose my confidence . best stare at Willie , weigh he . finally -- best why do you join the navy ? be you try to impress some girl ? even Willie can not help be insulted by the question . willie I want to be a pilot . best then you have gotta suck it up . look around , kid . America be get its ass kick , so nobody have time to worry about you confidence . we need you up in the air . get it ? the direct challenge to he manhood have stiffen Willie 's spine . he speak through tight lip . willie yes , sir . as Willie turn to exit , a instinct tell best that he have push too hard . he call after Willie -- best wait . ( Willie pause ) from now on you be my wingman . this news be simultaneously comforting and terrifying to Willie . he stand freeze , wonder whether this new position mean that best might give he more advice . but best have already turn back to the board . int . MAIN navy build - nimitz's office - day nimitz sit at he desk , shuffle through papers . layton knock on the doorframe and then enter . layton you want to see I , sir ? nimitz I just get off the phone with Washington . they think that you and rochefort be wrong about this big operation . ( more ) 64 . nimitz ( cont 'd ) they intelligence indicate that the jap be send they carrier back into the coral Sea , so they have order I to keep Enterprise down there . layton Washington be start from a faulty assumption and look for evidence to corroborate it . if you listen to they , we will all end up as pow . layton regret the final word as soon as they come out of he mouth ; he 's usually better at politics . but nimitz just lean back in he chair . nimitz so what 's the jap ' real target ? layton midway Island . they see it as a step toward Hawaii . and the West Coast . nimitz 's eye flicker to the map and then back to layton . nimitz when ? layton in the next few week . nimitz study layton and see nothing but absolute conviction in he expression . he push himself to he foot . nimitz show I . if I be go against Washington , I need to know why . ext . pearl harbor - day nimitz 's staff car pull up in front of the drab Old administration Building . sailor and secretary gawk as nimitz emerge from the sedan and stride inside with layton . int . old administration build - lobby - day layton and nimitz head down a linoleum - clad hall toward a staircase . as they start into the bowel of the building , layton give nimitz a nervous look . layton I have to warn you , sir . rochefort 's way of do thing be ... particular . nimitz I do not care if he 's consulting a oracle if the intelligence be good . 65 . they reach a door mark " Station hypo . " it 's guard by a armed Marine , who open the door for they . they enter -- int . station hypo - continuous the open room be stuff with metal desk and IBM punchcard machine . a few dozen man in navy khakis perform a variety of task , laugh and joke as they work until -- -- they notice nimitz and snap to attention . suddenly , the only sound be the mechanical rattle of the IBM machine . nimitz glance down at the desk next to the door . a collection of pinup lie under the glass and a hand - print sign read : " you do not have to be crazy to work here ... but it help . " as nimitz smile thinly to himself , layton follow he gaze to the pinup . he turn to the nearest man , mortify . layton where 's rochefort ? the man point to the office in the back of the room . nimitz start in that direction , layton trail he . nimitz it 's crowded in here . layton we have triple the staff . nimitz I do not realize that the navy have so many train codebreaker . layton we do not . ( off nimitz 's look ) most of this man be in the band on the California . since we do not have much use for band this day ... nimitz give he a skeptical look . | nimitz musician ? layton rochefort think they musical ability might make they natural at break the rhythm of cipher . and he be right ... the man in this room process a million punch card per week . layton open a door and they step into -- int . station hypo - rochefort's office - continuous rochefort be shaking a pill into he hand as they enter . he quickly swallow it and then leap to he foot , revealing 66 . that he 's wear slipper and a smoking jacket . he nervously gesture at he clothes . rochefort sorry , admiral . it get cold down here in the dungeon . nimitz ignore the apology . his icy eye note the cot in the corner before boring into rochefort . nimitz layton tell I that you be confident the jap be go to hit midway . rochefort yes , sir . nimitz make a gesture that encompass the whole operation . nimitz explain how this work . rochefort we intercept roughly sixty percent of secure japanese radio traffic . we have crack enough of they code to be able to break about forty percent of that message . nimitz so ... we can read about a quarter of they secure communication . rochefort not exactly . here be some of we " crack ' message . rochefort push a bunch of papers toward nimitz . he glance down and see that only about ten percent of the word be break -- the rest be just number and letter . nimitz this be gibberish . rochefort yes , but if you read enough of it ... layton rochefort have a gift for assemble the fragment . he can recall a detail from a message two month ago and plug it into today 's intercept . nimitz do you have any direct proof that midway be the target ? rochefort direct proof ? no. 67 . rochefort see the doubt in nimitz 's eye . rochefort ( cont 'd ) imagine you be throw a wedding . maybe I have never see the invitation , but I hear from the caterer that they have a event on a certain date . the flower guy be buy every rise on the island . the best band be book . that 's what signal intelligence can give you . clue . not the smoking gun . nimitz take a heavy breath -- obviously on the fence . layton step forward , passion propelling he word . layton Sir , you should have fire I after Pearl Harbor . but instead you give I a chance to redeem myself . ( beat ) I swear to you . rochefort be right about this . nimitz glance back and forth between the two officer . it 's crazy to be betting on this madhouse staff by tuba player and run by a man in fuzzy slipper . and yet ... nimitz I will get Enterprise back to Pearl . but we need Washington on board , so you have to figure out a way to convince they that they be wrong about midway . layton hear the subtext in the speech : and if I be go to put my career on the line , you need to convince I too . int . USS enterprise - admiral be cabin - day halsey work at he small desk , look even more haggard than the last time we see he . he turn he head at a knock on the door . it 's brown , hold a slip of paper . captain browning Sir , a eyes-only message from nimitz . halsey take the paper . a hint of a smile run across he face as he read it . halsey he want we to get spot . captain browning why ? halsey because if we be spot , we can break we stand order from Washington and head back to Pearl . 68 . halsey pick up a lighter from the desk . as the slip of paper in he hand ignites , he glance at brown . halsey ( cont 'd ) we never get this message . int . station hypo - rochefort's office - night layton pace as rochefort lie on he cot , red eye stare up at the ceiling . rochefort finally roll over and grab a pill bottle from the desk . as he swallow one -- layton what be that ? benzedrine ? rochefort I have to stay awake somehow . layton be you eat anything ? rochefort shrug . layton 's face register he concern . layton ( cont 'd ) at least take it with water . so you do not die of dehydration . rochefort 's eye abruptly widen -- he face practically illuminate by the light bulb go off over he head . rochefort wait . that 's it ! layton stare curiously at rochefort as he rustle through the pile of paper on he desk . he pull out a message with the letter " af " circle in red ink . rochefort ( cont 'd ) Washington agree with we that the japanese be go to attack a target codename af . but they believe af be in the South Pacific and nothing we say can change they mind . layton yeah ...? rochefort the problem be the messenger . they ego will not let they admit that we be right and they be wrong . but what if we let the japanese tell they ? off layton 's intrigue look ... CUT to : 69 . ext . midway island - day Calling this little spit of sand in the center of the Pacific Ocean a " island " be really glorify it . every square inch of dry land be cover by a military airfield , swarm of anti-aircraft battery , and barrack . a colonel stride toward a utilitarian building with giant radio signal mast on the roof . int . midway radio facility - MAIN office - continuous as the colonel enter , a lieutenant snap to attention . lieutenant cable from Pearl , sir . they want we to broadcast that we fresh water facility have break . and they want we to use the old strip cipher code . colonel I think that code be compromise when the jap take wake . the lieutenant shrug -- this be above he pay grade . int . japanese listening station - day twenty radiomen sit at they post , listen to transmission through bulky headphone and carefully transcribe what they hear onto slip of paper . in a adjacent room , visible through a pane of glass , a line of officer attempt to decode the capture message . one of the man stand and wave over he superior . they talk m.o.s. , they rise excitement palpable . int . MAIN navy build - nimitz's office - day nimitz glance up from he desk as layton enter . nimitz I just hear from Washington . they intercept several japanese message claim that the target of they upcoming attack be out of fresh water . layton that 's interesting , sir . I hear that midway Island send out a transmission that they water plant be break . nimitz be they water plant break ? layton not that I know of , sir . 70 . nimitz can not contain a slight smile of appreciation at he junior officer ' cleverness . but it quickly fade . nimitz tell rochefort that everyone now agree where he wedding be go to be hold . but I need to know how many guest be go to come . and when they be plan to arrive . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day four sbd be spot on the deck for takeoff . best stick he head into the cockpit of the second plane in line . Willie stare back at he , face pale in the morning light . best simple scout mission . on the way home we will practice a dive . get it ? willie yes , sir . best we be go . steeper this time . listen to you radioman count the altitude . and ygon ' t pull up too hard at the bottom or you will black out . best drop back down onto the teak deck , jog to the lead plane , and swing into -- int . best be sbd - continuous best revs the engine and the launching signal officer point he flag toward the bow . best release he brake , and the sbd accelerate down the deck ... . but just before the end of the runway best realize that something be wrong . he shove the throttle forward , but the engine be already run flat - out . best oh , shit . the sbd lurch off the end of the deck and fall toward the ocean . best expertly fight the stall and drop the nose , trading altitude for speed . Murray just close he eye , he worst fear realize , and brace for impact ... - but at the last instant -- when the wheel be mere foot from the wave -- best gently pull back on the stick . the sbd reluctantly start to rise . best immediately shout into the radio -- best ( cont 'd ) abort ! abort takeoff ! 71 . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day dickinson emerge from the hatch in the island and sprint toward the launching signal officer . he 's shouting something , but the engine roar from the remain sbd muffle the word . as Willie 's plane accelerate , dickinson snatch the flag and wave it back and forth in the abort signal . dickinson the ship 's too slow . we be not generate enough wind for launch . the news horrify the officer . dickinson , meanwhile , keep wave the flag , but Willie 's nervous eye be fixate on the edge of the Enterprise ahead of he . as the plane reach the end of the deck , it drop toward the ocean . Willie , unlike best , keep he nose up , and the plane flutter like a fall kite toward the wait sea . int . best be sbd - day best watch , horrify , as Willie 's sbd knife into the ocean . Enterprise turn , she prow barely miss the plane , but the wake shove one wing under the water . best yank on he stick to circle the wreck , he eye lock on the rescue destroyer . it 's still hundred of yard away . best ( into radio ) he 's go under , goddammit . tell that rescue crew to move they ass . int . willie be sbd - day a wave break over the windshield as Willie frantically pull at he strap , the cockpit already half - submerge . in he panic Willie inhale a mouthful of seawater . as he retch , another wave smashes over he head . int . USS enterprise - flag bridge - day halsey pace , brow knitted with worry , as brown stare out the window through binocular . captain browning the plane just go under . halsey and the crew ? brown just grimly shake he head . halsey look as if he 's about to be sick . 72 . int . best be sbd - day best slam he fist against the side of he cockpit , face red with anger and frustration . best no , goddammit . no ! ext . pearl harbor - day ( dawn ) Enterprise cut through the early morning fog toward she berth . the giant american flag fly at half mast . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day the air group stand in formation in they white uniform as the Marine guard present arm . five pilot -- include best and mcclusky -- be at the front of the group . nimitz move down the line , pin medal to the man 's chest . he pause in front of best . nimitz they tell I you be a one - man wreck ball in the Marshall Islands . best 's eye be hollow ; he have not sleep since Willie 's crash . he have to force the response . best we all do we duty , sir . nimitz lean close , he tone conspiratorial . nimitz I think you will have a chance to do it again in a couple of day . ext . USS enterprise - flag bridge - day the ceremony have just end . halsey stand on the bridge , watch he pilot on the deck below he . as nimitz enter , halsey shake he head . halsey they be good kid . I have ask a lot of they , and they have do it without flinching . but it 's be six month without a break . they be wear out . nimitz take stock of halsey and be shocked by what he see : the loss of weight , he pallid face , a angry red rash . nimitz they be not the only one . you look like hell , Bill . halsey I be fine . 73 . but even halsey know it be not true . nimitz shake he head . nimitz you be go ashore to the hospital -- ( halsey start to object ) -- and that 's a direct order . ext . best' house - day as best stride up the driveway , still wear he dress white , Ann emerge from the house . a enormous smile split she face when she see he . ann I hear a ship 's horn . I be praying it be Enterprise . best pull she into he arm , and they hold each other for a long moment . she finally pull back to look at he . her eye lock on he chest . ann ( cont 'd ) be that a medal ? ( he nod ) do you get it for do something stupid ? best be there any other way to get a medal ? she smile . but then she notice he haunt look . ann what 's wrong ? best I just want to come inside . see we daughter . sit for a while . Ann blink ; this be not the man she know . but she 's wise enough to just take he hand and lead he into the house . int . royal hawaiian HOTEL - wagon wheel - night it 's a more subdued mood tonight -- no band and only a smatter of woman . mcclusky and dickinson drink in the corner with thatch and Gay ( the pilot from hornet ) . thatch be in the middle of a intense explanation . he 's use four quarter laid out on the table to illustrate a point . thatch the problem be the jap 's fighter be faster and more maneuverable than we . but we can take more punishment . so I come up with this ... thatch move the quarter on the table in a distinctive crossing pattern . 74 . thatch ( cont 'd ) we fly in tight formation , weaving back and forth across each other 's tail . whenever a jap line up to take a shot , you partner and he wingman get a clean look at he . mcclusky give the quarter a doubtful look . mcclusky you have practice this ? thatch in San Diego . worked like a charm . mcclusky hope you be right . ( shifting gear ) so they move you over to yorktown . how be the other squadron ? thatch the fighter group be great . dive bomber be strong . the torpedo bomber , on the other hand ... everyone look at Gay . he shrug , unoffended . gay it 's not we fault the damn torpedoe do not explode . dickinson not to mention that you plane be slower than molass . gay hey , you gotta admit it take a pair to fly a deathtrap . the group smile -- Gay might be a torpedo guy , but he clearly have the right stuff . dickinson pull out he flask and pour a heavy slug into Gay 's glass . dickinson which be why I be buy you a drink . gay I think you guy on Enterprise be the one who need the drink . yorktown be sit this one out . mcclusky the damage be that bad ? gay she get a bomb right down the elevator . they have to rebuild the whole gut of the ship . 75 . thatch we will fly with you boy next time . dickinson if there be a next time . mcclusky raise he glass . the other match he . mcclusky to come back . the word hang in the air . int . best' house - master bedroom - night best lie with he head on Ann 's lap , the curtain wave in the warm Hawaiian breeze . best I get promote . halsey make I the new skipper of bomb six . ann you do not sound happy . I think that 's what you want . best I think it be what we want . ann it be . it 's just ... I do not think that I would worry this much . ( beat ) vesterday morning Betty herman be get she boy ready for school -- just like any other day -- until two officer in full dress show up on she porch . and before they say a word , she know she kid be go to grow up without a father . best we keep lose man , and it 's not even the jap . herman crash on takeoff , Tom durkin disappear on patrol . so do bucky Walters . and then there be this other kid . Willie west . best swallow hard , eye lock on the ceiling . best ( cont 'd ) he be so green . told I that he do not think he could cut it , but it seem like the usual jitter . I figure I would take he under my wing ... ( beat ) I write a letter to he mother yesterday morning . telling she that I fail he . 76 . Ann stare down at she husband ; she 's never see this kind of emotion from he before . ann it 's not you fault . best I think I be suppose to push he . that 's what my xo do to I , and it make I a better pilot . but he be not ready . ann nobody 's ready for war . best the thing be ... Willie be right to be scared . everyone know something big be come . and I believe in my guy -- we can stand against anyone . but we be talk about a couple dozen plane against the whole japanese fleet . and if we lose , they will own the Pacific . Australia will fall , maybe Hawaii too . they will raid the West Coast . San Francisco and Seattle and Los Angeles will burn . this damn war will last a decade . for a long moment Ann be freeze . the look on best 's face unsettle she even more than he word . ann I have never see you worried before . best I do not have anything to worry about when it be just I and the plane . but it 's different now . he look up at she , emotionally naked . best ( cont 'd ) do you think I can lead the squadron ? ann of course you can . just be honest . let they see what I can see. beat ) I would follow you anywhere , Dick best . she lean forward and kiss he forehead . best close he eye , he worry briefly abate in the warmth of she belief . ext . yamato - MAIN deck - night the fleet be black out for security . tamon stare out at the ghostly outline of the nearby ship , lose in think . 77 . a door open behind he , briefly spilling the sound of a raucous party . tamon remain motionless as nagumo lurch over to he , drunk . nagumo give he a disdainful look . admiral nagumo you face depress I . tamon ignore he . nagumo flush . admiral nagumo ( cont 'd ) are_ you too good to drink with you fellow officer ? tamon it 's bad luck to celebrate before a battle . tamon turn on he heel and stride away , leave nagumo alone in the darkness . ext . yamato - MAIN deck - day ( dawn ) a hungover crew of enlist seamen hose vomit out of the ship 's scupper . they pause to glance through the mist at -- -- four enormous japanese carrier head out to sea , follow by a slew of escort : battleship and cruiser and destroyer . it 's a overwhelming display of force . a long figure stand on the bridge of the last carrier , hiryu . it 's tamon . he have strapped he katana sword to he sash like a samurai head into battle . ext . pearl harbor - dry dock - day nimitz crouch on the deck of the yorktown , stare into the crater make by the bomb . Arc welder illuminate the space , accompany by the deafen sound of hammer pound metal . the contrast between the vast japanese fleet and this wounded ship could not be more stark : how can the Americans possibly win give they resource ? a anxious navy yard inspector stand next to nimitz . inspector we need at least two week . nimitz give he a look that could freeze water . the inspector shift , defensive . inspector ( cont 'd ) we initial estimate be three month in a dry dock at puget . nimitz I need this ship , so I do not care if you have to patch the deck with plywood . yorktown sail in twenty - four hour . 78 . we see nothing but doubt on the inspector 's face . int . MAIN navy build - cincpac operation room - day a giant chart of the Pacific lie on a makeshift table hold up by a pair of sawhorse . trace paper cover the chart with the estimate position of japanese ship in orange and american ship in blue . nimitz stand over the table with layton and rochefort and he core group of senior officer . nimitz I have bad news . Admiral halsey be in the hospital and will be unable to lead this operation . the room blanch . nimitz turn to the officer stand next to he : rear admiral raymond spruance , 55 . spruance be short and wiry and have earn a reputation within the navy for be both a thinker and a doer . nimitz ( cont 'd ) I have give Admiral spruance the Enterprise . we mission be simple . we must try to inflict maximum damage with attrition tactic . nimitz tap midway on the map . nimitz ( cont 'd ) we have put every plane we could fit on midway 's runway , but that man be not nearly as well train as we carrier aviator . the responsibility for win this battle therefore fall on you . spruance stare down at the chart . most man would be overwhelm , but he 's just absorb the information . rear admiral spruance how reliable be this estimate of the japanese position ? layton they represent we best guess base on the intelligence that we have . that answer do not satisfy spruance at all . rear admiral spruance I can not plan around a guess . nimitz lock on layton . nimitz I understand that I be ask the impossible , but I need you to be ( more ) 79 . nimitz ( cont 'd ) specific . everything depend on we force be in the right place at the right time . layton consider the question and then turn to rochefort , who be stand in the corner of the room . everyone follow layton 's look . the attention briefly cause rochefort to shrink into himself , but then he swallow hard and speak in a level voice . rochefort the japanese will attack on the morning of June fourth from the northwest at a bear of 325 degree . they will be sighted 185 mile from midway at 0700 local time . a staff officer speak from the corner . staff officer Washington disagree . layton Washington be wrong . again . that last word land . everyone in this room remember what happen just six month earlier . nimitz turn to spruance . nimitz this be the man I trust , so make you plan accordingly . spruance nod . as he turn to exit , nimitz stare down at the chart . he speak to himself . nimitz ( cont 'd ) it 's all over but the shoot . ext . naval hospital pearl harbor - porch - day halsey , wear a patient 's bathrobe and trail a iv , stare out at Pearl Harbor . Enterprise have just slip she berth and be head back to sea . halsey 's eye be fill with tear . he have prepare for this moment he entire life and consider the man on that ship he family -- yet at this critical moment he 's stick ashore . it break he heart . int . USS enterprise - flag bridge - day spruance stand by himself near the window of the bridge , stare up at a squadron of plane . brown approach he . captain browning be you ready to land torpedo six ? 80 . rear admiral spruance yeah . get ‘em aboard . brown gesture to the signal officer . a moment later the lead plane in formation -- a torpedo bomber -- start its approach . spruance watch with a furrow brow as the plane slowly close on the Enterprise 's wake . rear admiral spruance ( cont 'd ) I be no pilot , but do he look slow ? a instant later the tbd stall . its leave wing dip and then the four-ton aircraft smack into the water with a gigantic splash . brown just shake he head . captain browning Jesus . another ? ext . pacific ocean - day the rescue destroyer come alongside the wreck tbd , which be sink at the nose . the radioman and gunner hold lindsey on the wing . blood run down lindsey 's face from a bad cut . as the destroyer 's crew reach down to pull he aboard -- gunner easy . he hurt he back . the crewmen gingerly lift lindsey over the rail , but he nevertheless wince in pain . int . USS enterprise - pilot ready room - day best pour over a chart with the estimate japanese position mark in red . dickinson enter and walk over to the table . he look down at the chart , head shaking . dickinson we get the jap position and everything , huh ? we man in Tokyo be worth every cent we be pay he . a slight smile from best . dickinson study the chart . dickinson ( cont 'd ) four enemy carrier . plus the biggest battleship in the world and countless cruiser and destroyer ... best the odd be not good . but if we surprise they , we have get a chance . . dickinson even without yorktown ? the other guy think it 's a suicide mission . dickinson 's tone suggest that he might share they opinion . best turn and give he a long look . finally -- 81. best how do I get the man to believe ? dickinson in you or the mission ? best both . dickinson they just need to know that you believe in they . even though '' they be not as good as you . and then they will follow you into hell . as best process the word , a door slam open and a ensign burst into the room . ensign ship sighted ! ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day hundred of man stand on the rail , stare at a approach boxy gray shape on the horizon . sailor it 's yorktown ! a cheer go up from the man as they realize he 's right . maybe we be still underdog , but at least we have a chance . best and dickinson , meanwhile , burst out of a hatch . dickinson lock on yorktown , head shaking . dickinson how the hell do she get out of drydock in time ? best shrug . but he relief be write on he face . best every good battle need a miracle . int . MAIN navy build - cincpac operation room - night the clock read almost midnight . a bleary layton glance back and forth between cable intercept and the giant chart . nimitz enter and give layton a look . nimitz you have memorize every position on that board , layton . go home . layton I be go to sleep here , sir . just in case something come up . nimitz you wife do not mind ? 82. layton she know the drill . nimitz my wife know the drill too , but she still mind . layton hear the subtext in nimitz 's word . he think for a long moment and then decide to be honest . layton if Miriam do not divorce I , I be go to spend the rest of my life make it up to she . nimitz bob he head : a faint gesture of recognition . as he step out of the room -- nimitz good man . int . USS enterprise - hanger - night best crouch under the wing of a sbd , meticulously inspect every rivet and seam . a young watch officer come around the corner , footstep echoing in the desert hanger . he give best a curious look . watch officer be you okay , sir ? best just look over the plane . the watch officer can not help ask ... watch officer be it true , sir ? be we finally face the jap tomorrow ? best I hope so . the watch officer nod to himself -- seemingly reassure by best 's quiet confidence -- and then beat a retreat . best , meanwhile , continue he lonely vigil . as he move to the next plane , the note of reveille play ... ext . midway island - day ( dawn ) the american flag rise in the first ray of the sun asa lone Marine sound he bugle . the final note be drown out by the rise howl of air raid siren . super : " midway island . JUNE 4 , 1942 . 0619 hour " a small camera crew be filming the scene , lead by JOHN ford , 47 . a marine captain stand next to Ford give he a look . marine captain well , you want to see action , Mr. Ford . I do not think you be go to be disappointed . the Marine point to the west , and Ford swing he camera . a dark cloud of japanese aircraft be inbound . anti-aircraft emplacement burst into action with a deafen roar . int . MAIN navy build - cincpac operation room - day nimitz pace , arm fold , as he officer do they best to stay out of he way . a ensign run into the room . ensign japanese air attack report on midway . and one of we scout plane just sighted the enemy carrier . nimitz lock on the ensign like a cobra . nimitz spot where ? ensign he report carrier bear 320 degree 180 mile northwest of midway . nimitz half - smile to himself and then turn to layton , who be mark the report position on the giant chart . nimitz well , layton ... you and rochefort be only off by five minute , five degree , and five mile . layton we will endeavor to do better next time , sir . another ghost of a smile from nimitz . then -- nimitz give spruance the enemy position and tell he to attack . layton midway have already launch they B - 26s and a squadron of Marine dive - bomber . they should be approach the japanese carrier . staff officer the Marines just get that plane a few day ago . do they actually know how to fly they ? nimitz 's blue eye bore into the officer , who suddenly wish that he be a thousand mile away . 84 . nimitz if I know the Marines , they will do they damnedest . int . henderson be sbd - day major henderson , 35 , stare out the cockpit window . the entire japanese carrier task force stretch ahead of he . as Henderson flick the toggle of he radio , we note the Marine Corp patch on he arm and the olive - drab color of he uniform . major henderson beginning my run . stay on I . Henderson gently push he flight stick forward , but just as the aircraft begin to drop -- rat-tat-tat ! the sound of a automatic cannon rattles we eardrum . Henderson look right just in time to see he main gas tank ignite in a blind fireball . tamon's Pov - sky we be watch the income american attack through a pair of binocular . the fireball that use to be Henderson 's plane be surround by a dozen other sbd , which be under vicious assault by at least ten japanese Zeroes . another sbd abruptly dip its wing and fall toward the ocean , trail black smoke . and then another . int . hiryu - flag bridge - day tamon stand at the window in the cramped space , stare through mount spot binocular . Henderson 's entire squadron be come straight for he ship . captain kaku tomeo , 48 , peer over tamon 's shoulder . kaku be a burly man with a narrow mustache over he scowling mouth . kaku why be they attack at sucha shallow angle ? tamon they be glide bombing . which mean they be amateur . tamon lower he binocular and look at the helmsman . tamon ( cont 'd ) prepare for evasive action . even amateur can get lucky . ext . hiryu - anti - aircraft battery - day the five-inch gun atong the ship 's port side swing into position in unison and belch shell into the sky . one of the approach plane lose control and drop like a stone , but the other gamely continue they run until ... 85 . ... black object drop toward we . bomb . the deck tilt as the carrier turn at high speed . ext . akagi - day the man on the deck gasp as hiryu disappear behind a set of enormous water spout . have she be hit ? int . hiryu - flag bridge - day Men take cover as a wall of water hammer into the window of the bridge . the ship lurch . and then ... silence . just the dim hum of the carrier 's engine . as the other man gather themselves , they realize that tamon be still stand watch at the window . he point to the south . tamon look . we follow he finger and smash zoom toward a smoke trail in the sky . it 's a B - 26 flame from its leave wing . the plane be in a shallow dive , head straight for the central island of the akagi . muzzle flash as japanese gunner desperately unload with everything in they arsenal . the officer on the bridge stare up at the bomber , mouth agape in astonishment , until -- whoosh ! the plane 's wing explode and it veer hard to the right -- miss the bridge by mere yard -- before smash into the sea . but we stay with ... int . akagi - flag bridge - day nagumo stand with he stunne flag officer . genda , the arrogant air commander , glance incredulously at he admiral . genda be he try to hit we ? admiral nagumo Americans be not that brave . his control must have lock up . nagumo 's word be dismissive , but he tone make it clear that he be rattle . he think for a long moment . then -- admiral nagumo ( cont 'd ) that plane come from midway , which mean it 's still a threat . we must launch a second attack . genda but Admiral yamamoto order we to keep we reserve force aboard in case we encounter enemy carrier . nagumo flush with anger . 86 . admiral nagumo yamamoto be hundred of mile away in he battleship . it 's my decision . and that island must be neutralize . int . USS enterprise - mess hall - day the sbd pilot , dress in they flight suit , eat breakfast at a long table . the food be like sawdust in most of they mouth , but not best -- he 's eat with gusto . as best finish he plate , he notice that dickinson have barely touch he egg . best get something in you stomach . it 's go to be a long day . dickinson look at he as if he 's a alien , and best abruptly register the mood in the room . the man from the beginning of we story would return to eat he food ... ... but best pull a silver ring off he finger and toss it on the table . the other man stare at it , confuse . best ( cont 'd ) that belong to cliff janz . when I decide to become a pilot , cliff make I swap class ring . he say I would be lucky to live to thirty , and he want to have something to remember I by . that 's the kind of guy he be . always busting you chop . beat ) cliff be aboard Arizona . his wife do not even get a body to bury . the word hang in the air . best pan the face at the table . best ( cont 'd ) I be not go to sugarcoat it , boy . nobody think we can go toe- to - toe with the japanese , not in a fair fight . and today we be go to be big underdog . best stare around the table , he confidence and determination blaze from he eye . best ( cont 'd ) I ... I think the man in this room can fly with anyone . maybe that 's because I be a cocky son-of - a-bitch . but it 's also because I know all of you like brother . I have see what you can do . you be ready for this . ( more ) 87 . best ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) today we get square with the same bastard who bomb Pearl . today we prove the american navy be not a joke . the pilot silently absorb he word . dickinson finally nod , he own swell confidence obvious in he expression . dickinson we be go to give them a shellack . ext . pacific ocean - day the Enterprise be about five mile away as she swing into the wind , she escort turn to match she new head . a shape abruptly flash past we and then disappear into a cloud : it 's a seaplane mark with the rise sun . int . akagi - flag bridge - day a radioman listen intently to he headset and then leap to he foot . he salute in the direction of nagumo . japanese radioman Sir ! a report from one of we aerial scout . ten enemy surface unit spot . position east northeast . nagumo furrow he brow . admiral _ nagumo impossible . why would enemy ship be east northeast ? genda unless it 's a trap . the word hang in the air -- everyone in this room remember the debacle during the war game . but nagumo quickly regains he blustery confidence . admiral _ nagumo we will rearm we plane and then smash this new threat . int . hiryu - flag bridge - day tamon stare through binocular at a flash signal light from akagi . he shake he head , face contort in frustration . tamon we should launch we reserve force now . but the old fool want to wait . everyone on the bridge avoid tamon 's dark gaze -- except kaku , who try to play the peacemaker . 88 . kaku he 's follow doctrine . it 's always better to launch a balanced attack . tamon I know the doctrine . but a admiral be suppose to lead , not follow . a warning buzzer sound through the bridge . radioman Sir ! periscope spot . tamon raise he binocular . he lock on a cruiser and two destroyer a few mile away , which have turn hard and be accelerate toward a fix point in the ocean . several column of spray spout into the air , follow by the dull boom of depth charge . tamon shake he head . tamon a american submarine right in the middle of we fleet . like a cat in the henhouse . tamon watch the giant waterspout from the depth charge and then turn to the signalman . tamon ( cont 'd ) order a destroyer to stay and pin it down . they can catch up once the rest of the fleet be safely out of range . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day as the sbd pilot stride to they plane , best lock ona pair of ensigns half - carry a pilot toward one of the torpedo omber . best look closer , revealing that the pilot be . lindsey . his face be draw with pain , and he 's wince with every step . best glance at the wait torpedo bomber -- realize that lindsey be literally be carry to he plane -- and then veer into he path . best you do not have to fly today . nobody will doubt you courage . lindsey shake he head , jaw clench with determination . lindsey this be what we train for . I will lead my squadron in . best blink , abruptly realize how badly he have misjudge he counterpart . and he 's a big enough man to say . best good luck , lindsey . 89 . lindsey thanks . we be go to need it . best draw himself up and give lindsey a salute . lindsey nod back at he in a silent exchange of respect . lindsey ( cont 'd ) I will meet you at the japanese fleet . int . best be sbd - day as best revs he engine to prepare for takeoff , the radioman of the plane in front of he catch he eye : bruno gaido . he raise he arm , hand clasped in a victory saluté , as he sbd accelerate down the deck . best smile and then flip he intercom . best well , Murray . this be it . and then best gun the throttle . as soon as the sbd be airborne , he fasten he oxygen mask and spin the dial on the oxygen cylinder -- -- but as the mix begin to flow he violently cough and rip the mask away from he face . Murray hear the noise . murray be you okay , sir ? best dammit all to hell ... it 's my oxygen cylinder . I have get a bad mix . as Murray process the word , he try -- and fail -- to contain he relief . murray we have to go back to Enterprise . best 's brow furrow as he consider he option . Murray longingly stare back at the carrier behind they -- a relative bastion of safety -- and try to press the point home . murray ( cont 'd ) you can not breathe a bad mix , sir . it will tear up you lung . best I be not send the squadron out there without they commander . and then best reach up and fasten the mask back across he face . as the oxygen flow , he body be wrack by cough . but best ignore the burn in he pung and grip the stick . there 's no fuck way he 's turn back . 90 . ext . hiryu - flight deck - day lieutenant tomonaga , 32 , climb out of he b5n bomber . he notice tamon stride toward the plane and snap to attention . tamon we have spot enemy ship . re-arm with torpedoe as quickly as possible . a shout from a lookout interrupt the conversation . japanese lookout incoming ! tamon 's head snap around and he follow the lookout 's outstretch finger to a glint of metal high in the sky . a squadron of B - 17s be dron toward they . lt . tomonaga land base bomber . maybe from Hawaii . tamon watch with professional detachment as the bomber open they bay door . shapes plummet toward the carrier ... ... but from that altitude the bomb be in the air for almost thirty second . the carrier swing into a tight turn and the bomb explode harmlessly in the sea a few hundred yard away from the deck . tomonaga shrug , unimpress . lt . tomonaga ( cont 'd ) they will never hit we from that altitude . tamon speak over he shoulder as he start back toward the carrier 's island . his frustration be apparent . tamon maybe not . but this constant attack -- inept as they might be -- be keep we on the defensive . int . best be sbd - day best fly with one hand on the stick and the other hold a pair of binocular to he eye . as he sweep back and forth across the desolate ocean -- best either we get a bum sighting report or the jap change course . this be not bad news to Murray . best , meanwhile , glance out the window at the rest of the squadron . we follow he gaze and zoom to another sbd about a mile away -- int . mcclusky' sbd - continuous mcclusky swing he own binocular over the ocean , as frustrated as best . but then he lock on a spot to the north . 91 . mcclusky we get something . the binocular reveal the wake of a ship head north at flank speed -- the destroyer that _wa pan down the american submarine . mcciusky 's speak in he ear . radioman ( v.o. ) what be it ? mcclusky look like a jap destroyer . what do you want to bet she 's try to catch up with the carrier ? mcclusky turn the stick and the sbd bank to match the course of the japanese destroyer . radioman ( v.o. ) how long can we follow she course before we run out of fuel ? mcclusky not long . this decision weigh heavily on mcclusky -- he know that he 's betting a awful lot on a hunch . int . lindsey' tbd - day lindsey fly just a few hundred foot above the ocean , the rest of he squadron trail off he wing tip . a smudge of smoke appear on the horizon , and lindsey stare at it fora long moment before key he radio . lindsey there they be . int . thatch's wildcat - day thatch 's six - fighter squadron fly at eight thousand foot . from this altitude he can see both lindsey 's torpedo squadron and the japanese ship on the horizon . his radio crackle . fighter pilot ( v.o. ) any word from the dive bomber ? thatch negative . I think they fly a different head . fighter pilot ( v.0o . ) what be we go to do ? that torpedo bomber be sit duck . thatch which be why we be go to attract as much attention as possible . 92 . int . gay' tbd - day Gay stare fixedly at the smoke , which we can now see be come from the stack of various warship . lindsey 's voice echoe through he headset . lindsey Hammer attack on the close carrier . follow my lead . Gay bank to the right as he squadron split into two piece . his radioman speak through the intercom . radioman ( v.o. ) you think they have see we ? gay when they see we , we will know it . Gay push he throttle wide open and the drine of the engine rise in intensity . he glance down at the airspeed indicator , which be barely over a hundred mph . gay ( cont 'd ) come on , you bitch . blam ! blam ! blam ! the windscreen and instrument panel explode in a shower of glass . Gay catch just a glimpse of the speed Zero -- it come out of the sun -- and then he plane shudder under another barrage . Gay instinctively try to bank the plane , but the stick be dead in he hand . he jiggle it , helpless . then -- gay ( cont 'd ) brace for impact ! Gay manage to cover he head just as the plane slam into the water like a cement wall . he 's hurl against the dashboard and then slump back in he seat , daze . before he can gather himself -- ping ! ping ! bullet rattle against the exterior of the sbd , follow by the roar of a_mitsibushi engine -- the Zeroes be strafing the down plane . the sound galvanize Gay . he tear off he strap and then turn to the back of the bomber . gay ( cont 'd ) hey ! we gotta -- the word catch in Gay 's throat as he realize that he radioman and tail gunner have be shred by gunfire . for a instant he be freeze by the horrific sight , but the roar of a engine forecast another attack . Gay grab the edge of the cockpit and swing himself overboard into the ocean -- 93 . -- and suddenly it 's silent . the bright white streak of bullet penetrate the turquoise sea like harpoon as Gay swim under the body of the aircraft for shelter . he hold he breath eye bulg and hand clutching the aluminum . what the hell be he go to do now ? ext . pacific ocean - day High above Gay 's down plane the six wildcat of thatch 's squadron dogfight with at least twenty Zeroes -- the japanese pilot actually have to line up to take shot at they . one of the wildcat be hit and drop toward the ocean , trail black smoke from its engine . fighter pilot ( v.0o . ) Jesus . they be everywhere . int . thatch's wildcat - day thatch fight off the G-forces as he pull he fighter into a tight turn . a Zero pass through he sight and he snap off a quick shot before yell into he radio . thatch form on I , boy . we be go to try that weave . int . lindsey' tbd - day flak burst off the right wingtip . lindsey ignore it , he eye lock on a japanese carrier just two thousand yard in front of he plane . the ship be speed away from he , white water boil from its stern . radioman ( v.o. ) Sir ! can we drop ? it 's not a question ; it 's a plea . but lindsey be intent on finish he attack , and so he stay focus on the carrier . ext . pacific ocean - day the four remain wildcat have form into pair and be crossing back and forth across each other 's tail as the dozen of Zeroes swarm around they . a Zero come in for a pass on one of the wildcat 's tail , but just before it can get off a clean shot -- -- a trail wildcat swing into position and open fire . the lightly - armored Zero explode into flame and drop like a rock toward the ocean . int . thatch's wildcat - day thatch work the stick , he head on a swivel . a victory yelp come through he radio . 94 . fighter pilot ( v.0o . ) scratch another Zero . thatch attaboy . only twenty more to go . the comment be punctuate by a Zero swinging into thatch 's sight . he take the shot and watch with satisfaction as piece fly off the right wing of the japanese plane . but then he pan the sky . thatch ( cont 'd ) we can not hold they forever . where the hell be that dive bomber ? int . lindsey' tbd - day the hiryu have grow in the windscreen and be now less than a thousand yard away . lindsey stare through he sight like a man possess , one hand clutching the torpedo release . lindsey this be for Pearl Harbor . and then he yank the lever . the plane lurch upward as the heavy torpedo barrel into the sea . radioman now can we get out of here , sir ? boom ! a cannon shell explode in the right fuel tank . lindsey turn he head just in time for he face to be illuminate by the ferocious explosion . the expression on he face be a mixture of resignation and acceptance . he do he duty . ext . hiryu - flag bridge - day tamon watch as lindsey 's tbd be rip apart by the explosion . as the fragment fall into the sea -- tamon brave man . we be fortunate they have such bad plane . tamon turn he attention to a white streak bubbling toward the stern of the carrier . tamon ( cont 'd ) right full rudder . the helmsman obey he command and hiryu pivot , the torpedo pass harmlessly through the wake . tamon , meanwhile , raise he binocular . a pack of Zeroes circle low off the ocean , search in vain for more torpedo bomber to attack . a second pack be still take a run at thatch and he wingment . tamon grunt , frustrated . 95 . tamon ( cont 'd ) we fighter need to stop glory hunt . they be all too low . ( beat ) this last attack be also carrier - base aircraft . which mean we be face the exact situation that nagumo declare impossible during we war game . this revelation send a chill through the room . tamon turn to the signal officer . tamon ( cont 'd ) the time for diplomacy be over . signal the flagship . int . akagi - flag bridge - day a signal officer stare through binocular at a flash light on the bridge of hiryu and then turn to nagumo . signal officer a message from Admiral yamaguchi , sir . ' consider it advisable to launch attack force immediately . ' as the word register with nagumo , he flush with anger . admiral nagumo what do he think I be try to do ? ( to genda ) what 's we status ? int . akagi - hangar - day mechanic furiously repair and refuel plane as munition team rush from the magazine elevator with armor-piercing bomb and torpedoe . Gas line weave back and forth across the deck among discard high - explosive bomb . this hanger be one tiny spark away from catastrophe . the deck officer hold a phone to he ear . deck officer we be go as fast as we can , sir . but it take time to change from land weapon to sea weapon . genda ( v.0 . ) you have five minute . int . akagi - flag bridge - day genda turn to nagumo and give he a smart salute . genda they be almost finish . 96 . admiral nagumo good . we will launch a full attack and crush the enemy task force . a pierce whistle abruptly seize the attention of everyone on the bridge . a spotter high on a mast outside the island be point at the sky . the word carry clearly ... spotter helldivers !!! nagumo rush to the window and crane he head upwards . a swarm of black dot be hover above the carrier directly behind they in the formation ( kaga ) . nagumo stare up at they , stunne . oh , shit . int . best be sbd - day the japanese fleet lie below the Enterprise 's thirty - one sbd without a single enemy fighter to oppose they . best gauge the four carrier ( they be in a box formation ) and then key he radio . best all right , boy . it 's payback time . yorktown 's squadron will take the far two carrier , so we be on the near one . scout six , we have get the first bastard in line . best yank on he diving flap , and the plane immediately slow . but then -- -- a sbd flash ahead of he . the lead squadron have also start to dive . best yank on the stick and manage to avoid a mid-air collision by mere foot . as they flatten back out , Murray shout from the back seat . murray ( v.o. ) what the hell ? mcclusky be suppose to hit the far carrier ! best ignore he and glance out the window -- he two wingment be still attach . he key he radio again . best stay on I . int . mcclusky' sbd - day the plane drop at terminal velocity toward the carrier . mcclusky peer through he bombing sight , work the control to keep the " x " center on the red dot squarely amidship . his radioman shout from the back seat . radioman twenty two hundred ... two thousand ... 97 . ext . pacific ocean - day Gay clutches a piece of wreckage as he bob in the water squarely in the center of the japanese fleet . his eye be lock on a thin line of black dot descend toward the kaga . he whisper the word like a prayer . gay come on , baby . come on ... int . mcclusky' sbd - day the carrier 's deck be rush toward we as mcclusky fight to keep the sight center . the radioman shout a warning -- radioman eighteen hundred ! mcclusky yank the release and then immediately pull the stick . his body stiffen as the G-forces hit he , but he manage to peek over he shoulder ... . just in time to see he bomb hit the water ten yard from kaga ' 's bridge . mcclusky curse -- he miss . int . dickinson be sbd - day dickinson be late in the line of plane . just as he start he dive , he see mcclusky 's waterspout . he lock on he bomb sight , speak to himself . dickinson come on , dickinson . do what you be pay to do . dickinson be halfway down to the carrier when he see the deck ripple -- someone have plant he bomb squarely on the target . but dickinson keep he focus until ... radioman eighteen hundred ! the plane lurch as dickinson release . ext . pacific ocean - day as Gay watch , a quick cavalcade of bomb slam into kaga . her deck erupt in a series of explosion , and Gay punche the water , celebrate as if he 's at a football game . gay yeah ! Hell yeah ! int . hiryu - flag bridge - day the officer stare at kaga , stunne . a collective groan go up from the group -- no ship could survive that barrage . a panicked junior officer abruptly point out the oppose window , he tone border on the hysterical . 98 . junior officer look ! akagi be also under attack ! tamon give the man a sharp glance . tamon calm yourself . you be a officer . but tamon can not contain he own wince as he see the first pair of bomb hit akagi . steam immediately rise from the aft elevator as the ship 's turbine be breach . she 's dead in the water -- and another dozen plane be descend . tamon grunt to himself and then hurry out onto -- ext . hiryu - flag bridge - continuous he scan the sky above he ship , but see no plane . kaku appear next to he , eye pan back and forth between the two stricken carrier . kaku that leave just we and akagi . tamon point at the sky above akagi -- three lonely dot be approach at fifteen thousand foot . tamon unless they hit . int . best be sbd - day best bore through the sky , eye lock on the akagi far below . she 's at flank speed in a maximum starboard turn . the radio crackle in he ear -- it 's he wingman . wingman ( v.o. ) feeling a little lonely , sir . wish we would bring more plane to the party . EST you always want to be a hero , kroeger . this be you chance . best hit the diving flap . as the sbd roll onto its back , best speak into the intercom . best ( cont 'd ) okay , Murray . we put that carrier out of action even if we have to crash on she deck . we catch a brief glimpse of Murray 's terrify face as the plane begin to plummet toward the ocean . ext . akagi - anti - aircraft station - day lookout scream as the gun barrel swing upward toward the sky above the ship . 99 . Three lonely plane be diving at a impossibly - steep angle in a V formation . the gun fire in a ferocious fusillade . int . best be sbd - day the plane vibrate as flak explode on either side . but best ignore it , icy eye lock on he bombsight . murray ( v.o. ) two thousand ... eighteen hundred ! we expect best to yank the lever . but he 's motionless , hand make tiny adjustment on the stick . murray ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) sixteen hundred ! there 's no mistake the tone of Murray 's voice : sir , drop the goddamn bomb and let 's get the hell out of here ! but best ignore he , totally focus on he target . int . akagi - flag bridge - day nagumo stare up at the trio of plane . the first two have pull up , they ordinance release . one bomb splashes to the leave of the bridge , send up a sheet of water . the second miss a dozen foot off the stern . but the middle plane just continue to dive . it 's so close that nagumo can hear the drine of its engine and see the red , white and blue insignia on the wing . be this maniac go to crash into he fuck ship ? and then the pitch of the engine change and the plane pull out of its dive with a reluctant howl . a instant later nagumo see the bomb . it look as if it 's come straight at he . nagumo instinctively duck ... ... and the bomb detonate at the aft edge of the middle elevator . a blind flash illuminate the bridge , follow by a percussion wave that hurl man to the ground . int . best be sbd - day the plane finally pull level just a few dozen foot above the ocean . Murray strain against the G-forces to hold the rear-mounted .30 cal in place . his eye widen as he see plane be blow off the deck by the bomb , and then he unleash a rebel yell . murray ye-haw ! that be a beaut , sir . right on she deck . boom ! a giant waterspout rise next to the plane -- ten storey high and nearly solid . 100 . one of the nearby japanese cruiser be fire into the ocean . best wrestle the stick , zigging the plane back and forth . flak burst around they along with another enormous pair of waterspout . best abruptly pull back -- -- and they soar over a japanese destroyer , close enough that they can see the surprised face of the aa gunner . the plane drop back down toward the wave , and suddenly it 's eerily quiet . best scan the horizon ahead of they and see nothing but open ocean . best any fighter on we tail ? Murray nervously scan the sky and then exhales with relief . murray no , sir . they must be chase other people . int . bruno' sbd - day bruno gaido swing he .30 cal back and forth , hammer bullet at a Zero on he tail . the enemy fighter drop out of range and bruno pan the sky for another target . lo. o'flaherty ( he pilot ) speak in he headset . lt . o'flaherty ( v.0 . ) we be run out of fuel . bruno glance out at the leave wing and see a stream of liquid illuminate by the midday sun . bruno we have be hit . Left wing . and that 's when the engine conk out . as bruno register the unsettle silence , aherty shout from the front seat . lt . o'flaherty we be go in ! bruno brace himself as the plane 's nose pitch down and the ocean come rush toward they . at the last moment o'flaherty pull up and the belly hit the ocean in a textbook water landing , but bruno slam he head against the gun . bruno nevertheless jump out onto the wing , bleed from a cut above he eye . a moment later o'flaherty join he clutching a bag that contain a inflatable raft . in the distance two Zeroes be chase another sbd . bruno give the raft a dry glance . bruno guess we be go to have to float back to Pearl . 101 . int . mcclusky' sbd - day they be speed just twenty foot above the water . mcclusky weave back and forth between a pair of Zeroes , try to keep they from get a clean shot . the radioman glance at bruno 's float sbd in the distance . radioman o'flaherty and bruno be down . mcclusky if you do not hit one of that damn Zeroes , we be go to join they . a Zero begin its fire run , and mcclusky turn to port , he wingtip just foot above the wave . bullet riddle the the sbd and mcclusky grunt in pain -- a round have slam into he shoulder . the radioman , meanwhile , get a bead on the Zero and hammer bullet into its expose belly as it flash past they . the japanese pilot lose control and slam into the sea . the radioman immediately wheel with the .30 cal , but the other Zero have have enough and peel away . the radioman blink -- surprised to be alive -- and then click the intercom . radioman you okay , sir ? mcclusky ignore the question , tooth gritt in pain . he glance down at he wreck instrument panel . mcclusky pray we have get enough fuel to get home to Enterprise . int . japanese zero - day a_ japanese pilot stare down at he gas gauge , which be flicker near empty , and then glance below he at the stricken kaga . his landing strip be burn from end - to-end . as the plane pass through a column of smoke , we tilt and then drop toward the carrier 's deck . giant wood plank be scattered like lincoln log . we continue to push downward through the large hole into -- int . kaga - hangar deck - day it 's like a scene from Dante 's inferno . swirl of heavy smoke reveal twisted metal and mangle human remain . the injure lie moan with nobody to help they as the able-body pass bucket of water in a grim chain . a lieutenant descend into the hellscape on a rope . as soon as he foot hit the deck , the overwhelm damage control officer rush to he side . 102 . damage control officer what be the captain 's order ? japanese lieutenant a bomb hit the bridge . they be all dead . it 's up to we to save the ship . as the man continue talk , we follow the chain of bucket toward the forward elevator . bomb and torpedoe lie among the wreckage -- thousand of pound of tnt -- and aviation fuel drip from rupture line . damage control officer ( v.0 . ) the gasoline be vaporize . japanese lieutenant ( v.o. ) activate the cq2 . damage control officer ( v.o. ) we have no power . the man at the end of the chain hurl he bucket of filthy - look liquid down the elevator shaft . as it land with a hiss amid red-hot metal , we focus on a stream of gasoline run down the far side of the shaft . the bottom droplet bubbles and then vaporize with a hiss . a instant later there 's a brilliant flash . ext . akagi - flag bridge - day Men stare in horror as a massive fuel - air explosion nearly split kaga in half . a orange mushroom cloud rise from amidship , follow in quick succession by a series of smaller blast as the loose torpedoe and bomb detonate . we pan to reveal that the man aboard akagi have they own problem ; flame be rippling up from the center elevator . the fire have ignite a Zero , which burn like a torch . the heavy smoke wash over nagumo . he stand next to the ship 's compass , stunne into a state of utter shock . genda screw up he courage and approach he . genda Sir , we must go . nagumo turn he daze eye to genda . admiral nagumo I have to save the ship . genda it 's the captain 's job to save the ship . you duty be to lead . and you can not do that from here . 103 . ext . akagi - deck - day the japanese senior officer be lower one - by-one from the burn ship into a wait launch . nagumo 's foot dangle awkwardly in the air as he clutches the rope . he look utterly beat . int . MAIN navy build - cincpac operation room - day nimitz pace back and forth , he legendary calm under assault from the stress of wait for news . layton approach he and speak under he breath . layton do you want we to contact Admiral spruance ? nimitz he can not break radio silence . and I be sure he have plenty on he mind . ( beat ) but this be torture . the word hang in the air until the door burst open and rochefort run inside . he wave a slip of paper . rochefort we just intercept a japanese signal . we can not translate the body . but look at the call sign . rochefort slap the paper on the table , he finger point at a short string of letter and number . rochefort ( cont 'd ) it 's from Admiral nagumo . but he 's not transmit from the kaga . he 's transmit from a cruiser . layton why would nagumo leave he flagship unless ... a glint appear in nimitz 's eye . nimitz ... the kaga be sink . a charge run through the man in the room as they absorb the word . could it be true ? ext . pacific ocean - establishing the battleship yamato cut through dense fog , impossibly powerful and impose . super : " 400 mile west of midway " 104 . int . yamato - flag bridge - day yamamoto pore over a map , brow furrow . a aide stride into the room , face grim , and hand he a message . aide from Admiral nagumo . yamamoto snatch the message and quickly scan the character . the corner of he mouth twitches . but he face be otherwise stone . the other officer be desperate to know what the message contain , but nobody dare speak . yamamoto turn and stare out the window at the impenetrable fog . finally -- yamamoto the Americans know we be come . we walk into they trap . the officer exchange a incredulous look : can that possibly be true ? yamamoto take a slow breath . yamamoto ( cont 'd ) we can still win . but we must know what we be face . ext . pacific ocean - day bruno and o'flaherty bob in they small raft . bruno shield he eye against the sun as he stare at a approach ship . bruno it 's a destroyer . lt . o'flaherty american or jap ? bruno take a hard look . he do not like what he see . bruno it 's the jap . and I do not think they be gunna be in a very good mood after what we do to they ship . ext . japanese destroyer - fantail - day bruno and o'flaherty stand against the rear rail , surround by japanese sailor . they hand be bound and five - gallon drum of gasoline be lash to they foot . a young japanese lieutenant speak in break English . japanese lieutenant where you come from ? bruno shangri-la. 105 . bruno say it with a straight face . the lieutenant turn to he captain , and they have a short and intense exchange in japanese . the lieutenant turn back to the Americans . japanese lieutenant you tell we you ship . or we throw you overboard . o' flaherty blanch . bruno stare back at the lieutenant and then flick he head at one of the sailor who be smoking . bruno cigarette . the lieutenant turn to the sailor and speak in japanese . a instant later the light cigarette be stick between bruno 's lip . he take a deep drag , eye lock on the captain . bruno ( cont 'd ) you know , I have a lot of friend at Pearl Harbor . bruno exhales , smoke blow in the wind . bruno ( cont 'd ) so how about you go fuck yourself . the captain do not wait for the translation -- he hear everything he need to know in bruno 's tone . he snap he finger at he man . bruno do not try to struggle . he just stare down the captain as they lift he over the rail and dump he into the Pacific : a portrait in courage to the end . when he 's go , the lieutenant turn to o'flaherty . japanese lieutenant you . tell we you ship . ext . hiryu - flight deck - day tamon stand in the center of a circle of grim -face pilot . they plane be spot for launch on the deck behind he . tamon we be face three american carrier . you be the last intact aircraft unit in the fleet , so the fate of Japan rest on you skill . the Emperor expect you to do you duty . the man nod -- the moment be too serious for cheer -- and then start for they plane . ext . pacific ocean - day hiryu steam into the wind , Val bomber launching from she deck . the three other japanese carrier blaze in the background as a reminder of the stake . 106 . ext . USS yorktown - flight deck - day as thatch swing out of he wildcat onto the deck , the flight deck officer give he a salute . flight deck officer welcome back to the yorktown , sir . the officer 's eye widen as he get a closer look at the bullet hole in thatch 's plane . flight deck officer ( cont 'd ) jeez ... do you take on the whole jap navy by yourself ? thatch sure feel like it . the dull thud of distant explosion turn they head -- the carrier 's escort be fire flak at a pack of swiftly - approach dark dot in the sky . incoming aircraft . thatch ( cont 'd ) swing I around . the deck officer give he a confuse look . flight deck officer but , sir ... you must be almost out of fuel . thatch give the officer a dry look . thatch I be not go to need much fuel . and then he jump back into he cockpit . the officer whistle and man rush to turn the plane back toward the bow . a moment later the wildcat be roaring down the deck . as it leap into the air , thatch see a burst of flak to he right . he bank towards it -- fight every instinct for self - preservation -- and spot a japanese torpedo bomber fly just a hundred foot above the wave . thatch fly straight at the bomber , close the gap at over four hundred mile a hour . at the last instant he fire , and the plane pass within barely a dozen foot of each other . the japanese crew stare back at he -- -- and then thatch 's cockpit be illuminate by a explosion as the bomber 's fuel tank rupture . thatch do not take even a moment to celebrate ; he just bank he plane look for another target . it 's only be ten second since he leave the yorktown . thatch lock on a dark shape fly close to the water -- another torpedo bomber . he push into a dive , jam he throttle fully open ... 107 . ... but when he depress he trigger , nothing happen . his plane be out of ammo . thatch ( cont 'd ) goddammit ! thatch can only watch in frustration as the bomber drop its torpedo just eight hundred yard away from the yorktown . the deadly fish leave no wake as it run toward its target ... thud ! the torpedo strike the yorktown directly amidship , a great geyser of water erupting from she side . int . USS enterprise - flag bridge - day spruance stare through binocular at a distant smudge of smoke and then grimly shake he head . rear admiral spruance yorktown 's hit . that leave just we and hornet . captain browning most of hornet 's air group manage to get lose and land at midway . which mean it 's just we . rear admiral spruance what have we get leave ? flag officer a couple of sbd just land . the pilot be come up to report . spruance wait , binocular once again focus on smoke from the burn yorktown . foot clang on the metal stairwell outside the bridge and then -- -- best and mcclusky enter . spruance lock on they . rear admiral spruance what news from the enemy fleet ? best Three carrier down . one to go . rear admiral spruance and we air group ? best and mcclusky share a glance . this be not good news . mcclusky only three torpedo bomber come back , and they be all shot up . rear admiral spruance what about the dive bomber ? mcclusky we can probably scrounge up a dozen . 108 . spruance be not a easy man to rattle , but he 's stunne by the stark reality of that number . he stare at best and mcclusky . that 's when he notice ... rear admiral spruance good God , mcclusky . you have be shot . everyone on the bridge turn to look . mcclusky 's uniform be damp from he shoulder to he cuff , and the skin on the back of he hand be tinted red with blood . mcclusky shrug , embarrassed by the attention . mcclusky I can fly . rear admiral spruance the hell you can . get you ass down to the sick bay . now . mcclusky reluctantly exit the room . spruance turn he attention to best . rear admiral spruance ( cont 'd ) put the pilot you trust in any plane that can fly . ; best yes , sir . as best turn to exit -- rear admiral spruance good luck , son . best nod and be go . spruance stare after he , wonder whether he 's just condemn he remain pilot to death . int . USS enterprise - corridor - day best march down a long corridor , but then stop and lean against a bulkhead , he body contort in a brutal series of wrack cough . a pass sailor give he a look . sailor you okay , sir ? best wave he off and catch he breath before enter -- int . USS enterprise - pilot ready room - continuous a half - dozen exhaust pilot sit in silence , stare at the status board . two third of the plane have be label as either shot down or miss in action . best glance at a pilot , who be update the chart . best dickinson do not come back ? 109 . pilot no . not yet . best know exactly what that mean . he take a slow breath , try to gather himself . and then -- best I know you boy have just come through hell . but we have gotta go back and hit that last carrier . there 's a long moment of silence -- every man know it 's a miracle that he return alive from the first mission ... ... but then they just stand and file out the door without a single word of protest . march , perhaps , to they doom . best watch they go , as proud as he have ever be in he life . the pilot who speak glance back at he . pilot # 2 I will see if I can find more man . int . USS enterprise - enlisted men quarter - day Murray sit on he bunk in the desert room , hollow eye stare at the wall . best stick he head inside . best strap up . we be go back out . murray I be sorry , sir . but I think you need to find someone else . best what ? the word pour out of Murray in a nervous torrent . murray you do not know what it 's like to be in the back seat , sir . there 's nothing I can do but pray . and you fly like you do not care if we come home . best step into the room , stunne . all he can ask be ... best why do not you transfer off my plane ? murray because the other guy would have give I hell . they would have ask why I be too scared to fly with the great Dick best . as best stare at Murray -- register he pain and anxiety -- he remember he exchange with Willie West . 110 . best need Murray in he plane , but he also have grow enough to understand this be not a moment for a rah-rah speech ; it 's a moment for honesty . best I want to go home too . Murray glance up at best , catch off -guard . best ( cont 'd ) I want to spend more than a few day at a time with my wife . I want to go fishing with my dad back in Jersey . I want to see my little girl get marry . and yourre right ... if we go back out there , we probably be not go to come back . ( beat ) but this be we job . we be the guy who have to hold the fort until the cavalry arrive . best crouch . he 's stare into Murray 's eye . best ( cont 'd ) if you really can not fly , I will find someone cise . but you should get ack in that plane . for yourself . you will remember this momen or the rest of you life . and if you know that you come through when people be count on you ... well , you will be a different man . you will be able to face anything . best pause . Murray can see that he 's speak from the heart , and he 's hang on every word . best ( cont 'd ) we have come this far , Murray . do not make I go back out there without you . Murray think for a long moment , he fear wrestle he loyalty . and then he push himself to he foot . murray I will start the inspection . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day as best emerge onto the deck , he notice thatch stand amid a cluster of pilot . best walk over to the group and stick out he hand . best welcome aboard . what be you do over here ? as best and thatch shake -- 141 . thatch with yorktown burn I do not have anywhere else to land . ( beat ) I hear you be go back out there . want some company ? best the more the merrier . thatch flick he head at the other pilot . thatch some of my friend from yorktown also would not mind get square . best pan the man and then nod , a glint in he eye . his posse have just double in size . int . yamato - flag bridge - day yamamoto study the map . he finally look up at he officer ; he air of command have return . yamamoto we will snatch victory from defeat . yamamoto 's finger jut toward the estimate position of the american fleet , which be mark with a grease pencil . yamamoto ( cont 'd ) the enemy have lose a carrier and they air wing be weaken . we will draw they within range of we battleship and destroy they . hiryu will provide air cover . the staff officer study the map . staff officer it 's a bold plan . the other man nod . yamamoto turn to the signal officer . yamamoto Radio Admiral yamaguchi . int . hiryu - flag bridge - day everyone on the bridge watch intently as tamon read the message . he finally look up . tamon yamamoto be order we to charge . like samurai try to save we honor . it 's clear from tamon 's face that he think the plan be foolish , but a order be a order -- especially from yamamoto . he crumple the message . 112. tamon ( cont 'd ) so it shall be . ext . pacific ocean - day the golden late - afternoon sun reflect off the tightly '' group formation of sbd . Three tower column of smoke to the south serve as a reminder of the morning 's battle . int . best be sbd - day best peer through he binocular . the hiryu lie nineteen thousand foot below he , surround by a phalanx of battleship , cruiser and destroyer . as best lower he binocular , he notice a glint of metal from a approach aircraft . he click he intercom . best get ready , Murray . we be not sneaking up on they this time . best glance down at the hiryu again , note from the wake that she 's turn to starboard , and then make a hand signal out the window at he wingman . murray here they come ! tracers streak the air as a dozen Zeroes slam into the formation . a sbd directly ahead of we explode -- the percussion shaking we plane -- and best pull up to avoid the fiery wreckage . as we emerge on the other side of the smoke , best realize that he wingment have fall behind . best ( into radio ) stay on I , dammit ! and with that final word best hit he flap . meanwhile , Murray see a pair of Zeroes lock onto they tail . we expect he to flinch as usual , but this time he swing the .30 cal into position and unleash a barrage ... ... just as best push the plane over into a steep dive . Murray fly out of he seat , weightless , and desperately grab the barrel of the gun for support . his skin hiss as e touch the red-hot metal and Murray yelp in pain -- -- but then he notice that the Zeroes be still on they tail . Murray grit he tooth , wedge himself into the cockpit , and grab the gun with he burn hand . there 's no fear in he eye ; only determination . the .30 cal chatter back into action , drive back the swarm Zeroes . best 's voice ring through the intercom . 113 . best ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) Murray ! altitude ! murray we have get Zeroes on we tail . best grunt to himself and then glance back and forth between the bombsight and the rapidly - approach carrier . ferocious flak be burst on either side of the plane , and the airframe shake as fragment piece the wing . but best just keep he eye lock on he target . bomb splash in the water off she starboard side as the elusive hiryu tighten she turn to avoid she attacker . best touch he flap , fly by instinct . the sound grow muffle as he lock on the rise sun paint on the center of the carrier 's deck . we be watch a man utterly in he element ; this be what he be bear to do . ext . hiryu - flag bridge - day tamon stare up at the dive bomber as they fall from the sky . he focus on the plane streaking straight for the center of he deck . the pilot be silhouett by the set sun . ext . best be sbd - day best stare through he windscreen at the bridge . he 's barely twelve hundred foot above the carrier . murray ( v.o. ) I can not shake this damn Zeroes ! best ignore he and yank the bomb release lever -- -- just as another burst of flak explode practically on they wing . best slam into the edge of the cockpit as the plane violently lurch sideways -- -- but we fall with the bomb as it make a beeline directly for the center of hiryu 's deck . it strike the paint insignia of the red rise sun and pierce the wood like a bullet . for a instant we get a glimpse of the hangar deck as the bomb penetrate the ship . and then ... boom ! the sound be deafen in the enclose space as plane and man be hurl away from the cataclysmic explosion . Dick best have just become the first ( and only ) aviator in history to hit two enemy carrier in one day . ext . hiryu - anti - aircraft battery - day the ship lurch as the explosion rip at she heart . but the gun keep fire at the attack sbd . one of the plane never pull out of its dive and slam into the ocean at terminal velocity . 114 . at that speed the water be like cement , and the plane be practically vaporize . be it best ? ext . hiryu - flag bridge - day tamon stand roote in place , stare in shock at the burn hole in the center of he flight deck . he glance up just as the next squadron of sbd begin they run and watch , eerily detach , as one bomb head straight for the central elevator . but a instant before it detonate , kaku grab he and pull he back inside the bridge . kaku Admiral , you must -- ka - boom ! the thousand - pound bomb explode on the edge of the elevator . the force of the blast hurl a massive portion of the lift toward the island -- -- and it slam into the front of the bridge . the impact shatter the window and throw the officer to the floor . one unfortunate crewmember be eject out the back balcony and fall scream to the ocean below . the man slowly push themselves to they foot , stunne to be alive . a firm voice carry through the smoke . tamon every man on damage control . we must save this ship . ext . pacific ocean - day the sun be low on the horizon . the destroyer phelps bob a few hundred foot from the Enterprise as a launch speed toward the carrier . in the bow of the launch sit ... ... dickinson . he have a black eye and a bandage on he cheek , but he 's otherwise unharme . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day dickinson scramble up a ladder and emerge onto the deck . mechanic be swarm over the fifteen plane that return from the mission , but flight operation have cease . mcclusky approach dickinson , one arm in a sling . he hold out he other hand . as they shake -- mcclusky you be a sight for sore eye . what happen ? dickinson ran out of fuel twenty mile out . ditched next to the phelps . 115 . mcclusky do not you serve on the phelps ? dickinson first twos year out of the academy . funny world ... dickinson shake he head , momentarily overwhelm . it 's be a hell of day . then -- h '' dickinson ( cont 'd ) where 's best ? mcclusky he go back out to hit the last jap carrier . have not come home yet . the news take the breath out of dickinson . he turn toward the low sun and scan the sky for any sign of a plane . but there 's nothing . ext . honolulu - mcclusky house - day Ann hurry up the path to a clapboard cottage and knock on the door . a moment later LAURA mcclusky , 29 , answer . ann you have news ? Laura nod and then usher Ann into -- int . mcclusky house - continuous a half - dozen nervous navy wife be gather in the live room . Laura gesture at a woman hold a glass of wine . LAURA Cindy hear a rumor from the base . there 's a big battle . one of we carrier be sink . Ann 's heart catch in she throat . ann and the pilot ? LAURA it sound like we lose a lot of they . this woman have be condition for tough time -- stiff upper lip be they motto -- so Ann force herself to just nod . but Laura read she expression . LAURA ( cont 'd ) drink ? ann please . I just need to use the bathroom first . 116 . Ann give the other wife a tight smile and then walk down the hall and slip into -- int . mcclusky house - bathroom - continuous Ann close the door , she hand shaking slightly , and then stare into the mirror through hollow eye . she have a premonition that everything be not go to be okay . and she 's very scared and very alone . int . USS enterprise - flag bridge - day spruance peer down at the map , arm cross . he finally turn to brown . rear admiral spruance the japanese might charge with they battleship . so we will withdraw for the night . captain browning but they fleet might be out of range in the morning . rear admiral spruance nimitz order we to be judicious . we win a great victory today . let 's not blow it . the radar officer abruptly spin in he seat . radar officer Sir ! we get something inbound . int . thatch's wildcat - day thatch 's wary eye continually scan the sky , exhaustion etched on he face . his radio crackle : radio ( v.0o . ) bogy twenty degree southwest of you position . prepare to intercept . thatch copy , Enterprise . thatch shove the throttle forward and bank the wildcat in a steep turn . he lock on a distant speck in the sky . thatch ( cont 'd ) I have get visual . the engine growl as thatch close the gap . the speck turn into a plane , but as he finger tighten on the trigger another voice echoe through he radio . best ( v.0 . ) hey , wildcat . you fire at I , and I will kick you ass up and down the big E 's deck when we land . 117 . thatch 's face split in a huge grin . thatch Roger that . thatch whip the wildcat around to fly in formation off the sbd 's wing . he can see best in he cockpit . thatch ( cont 'd ) do you take the scenic route home ? best ( v.0 . ) want to see we morning 's work . thatch well , do not blow you landing . everyone 's go to be watch . best smile and then give he a mock salute . ext . USS enterprise - flight deck - day the western sky be ablaze with a fiery sunset , perhaps in honor of the remarkable day . best 's sbd hit the deck and grab the first arrest wire , as always . when the propeller slow to a halt , a crowd of man rush toward the plane . dickinson be the first to reach it , and he pull himself up to the cockpit . he and best stare at each other . best think you be dead . dickinson they say the same thing about you . best glad they be wrong . the man share a look -- so much unsaid -- and then dickinson hand he a flask of whiskey . dickinson medicinal . Admiral 's order . best jerk he finger at the back seat , where a drain Murray be unstrap himself . best give it to Murray . he earn it . best swing himself out of the cockpit , but as he hit the deck he knee buckle and he launch into a violent cough fit . dickinson watch with concern . dickinson be you okay ? 118. best stay bent over , body wrack by spasm . when it finally subside , he spit blood onto the wood planking . dickinson 's worry immediately graduate into full - blow panic . he throw he arm around he friend . dickinson ( cont 'd ) you be go to the sick bay . int . hiryu - engine room - night a desperate group of man wear gas mask work in thick smoke , light by red emergency light . the paint on the ceiling be blacken from the heat of the fire above and burn fleck occasionally fall like apocalyptic snow . a gauge on the main turbine sink toward zero , and one of the man frantically shout at the other . they rush to twist a valve , but the gauge continue to sink until -- -- the noise from the engine abruptly stop . a instant later the room fall into total darkness . the ceiling , however , still glow a faint red from the infernal heat above . ext . hiryu - hangar deck - night a cruiser and two destroyer circle the list carrier , spraying water onto the fire that have breach she deck . tamon stand near the rear elevator . he stare down into the darkness of the hangar , head shaking . tamon without power we can not stop the fire . kaku we man will fight to the death . tamon of course . but I will not sacrifice they if the battle be already lose . the signal officer run up to they and salute tamon . signal officer Sir ! a message from Admiral yamamoto . the main body be continue forward for a night action . he order we to scuttle the carrier immediately so that it do not fall into enemy hand . tamon think for a long moment , turn the word over in he head . he finally glance at kaku . tamon Gather the man . 119 . ext . hiryu - flight deck - night the remain crew member stand at attention on the aft of the flight deck , light by the eerie light from the fire . tamon be perch on a box at the front of the group . his voice carry clearly to he man . tamon you have all fight valiantly . the loss of this battle fall on the head of you commander , not you . for that reason I have decide to go down with the ship . there 's a gasp from the group , follow by various cry of protest . tamon raise he hand for silence . tamon ( cont 'd ) you will avenge this defeat and become the core of a even more powerful japanese navy . my final order be that you carry on you loyal service to the Emperor . tamon snap he heel together and then turn to face west . tamon ( cont 'd ) banzai ! the man shout three banzais in response , the word ringing around the deck of the doom carrier . when the echo fade bugle play the japanese national anthem as the giant battle flag be lower from the mast . tamon turn to kaku , who stand in the front row . tamon ( cont 'd ) abandon ship . kaku snap at a lieutenant , who blow a whistle . the man form orderly line at the stern and begin to lower themselves on rope to the wait lifeboat . meanwhile , a small cluster of officer gather around tamon . they stand in awkward silence , nobody sure what to say , until the quartermaster clear he throat . quartermaster there 's still money in the ship 's safe . tamon leave it . I will need it for a square meal in hell . tamon smile slightly at he own joke , but the other officer be hollow - eye . kaku finally speak . kaku I want to stay with you . 120 . tamon 's expression turn serious . he shake he head . tamon I be touch by you offer , but you young man must leave the ship . that 's my final order . kaku struggle to keep from burst into tear and then draw himself up in a salute . ext . makigumo - deck - day ( dawn ) hundred of survivor from hiryu cling to every available spot , eye lock on they ship . the loudspeaker blare : loudspeaker ( v.0o . ) Battle station torpedo port side . target hiryu bear ninety degree . the torpedo drop into the water with a hiss . Men be openly weep , clutching the railing for support . kaku stand at the fantail , tear run down he cheek . his eye be lock on a lonely figure stand at attention next to the hiryu 's island . it 's tamon . holding a silent vigil . thud ! the torpedo detonate near the carrier 's starboard bow , nearly drive the ship 's prow out of the water . kaku look back at the island , but tamon be go . int . yamato - flag bridge - day ( dawn ) yamamoto sit ramrod straight in a chair , the deep bag under he eye the only sign of he exhaustion . Three of he officer warily approach . signal officer we scout find nothing . the american carrier must have withdraw overnight . a emotional young flag officer can not contain himself . flag officer we should push forward and bombard midway with we gun . the Americans have no battleship . we can still win this battle . yamamoto have be stone - face throughout the exchange , but he shake he head at the final comment . yamamoto we have no air cover . and we all learn about the weakness of battleship at Pearl Harbor . 121 . yamamoto turn to the young flag officer , who shrink under he baleful stare . yamamoto ( cont 'd ) you have be play too much shogi . we can not gamble the rest of the fleet to save we pride . flag officer # 2 then what be you order , sir ? yamamoto weigh the impossible question . int . station hypo - day the usual bustle of the room have be replace by silence as rochefort stare down at a intercept message . everyone watch he , wait for he reaction . and then a slow smile spread across rochefort 's face . int . MAIN navy build - cincpac operation room - day nimitz maintain he weary vigil at the front of the room as layton and the exhaust staff officer update the map . rochefort burst into the room , wave the message over he head like a trophy . rochefort the japanese be retreate . everyone stare he . the news take a moment to process . nimitz we win . rochefort nod . and then the room erupt in a wild celebration . rochefort and layton hug as staff officer pound each other on the back . nimitz watch he man , briefly let himself enjoy the moment , and then walk into -- int . MAIN navy build - nimitz's office - continuous nimitz close the door behind he and take a deep breath . and then he call to he sleepy secretary . nimitz get I halsey . int . naval hospital pearl harbor - halsey's room - day halsey stand in he hospital gown with the phone press against he ear , stare out the window at Pearl Harbor . his eye be once again wet , but this time he expression be somewhere between satisfaction and relief . 122 . int . layton house - live room - day Miriam be read on the couch . the front door open and layton enter , carry a brown paper bag . Miriam give he a confuse look . miriam what be you do home ? layton I think we might have lunch . layton open the bag and pull out a bottle of wine and a loaf of bread . Miriam 's brow furrow . miriam do something happen ? what 's wrong ? layton actually , it 's a good day . and I want to celebrate with my wife . Miriam read layton 's expression and see a unaccustom sparkle in he eye . she stand and kiss he on the cheek . miriam I will get something on the table . int . USS enterprise - pilot ready room - night the door creak open and best enter . we have always see this room fill with life , but now it 's empty except for abandon play card and magazine and ... ... dickinson . he 's lean against the desk , stare at the ready board . best follow he gaze and see the grim reality : over half of they friend be dead or miss . after a long moment -- best what happen to that whiskey ? dickinson turn he head at the familiar voice and then slide a flask out of he pocket . dickinson I save it just in case you snuck out of the infirmary . dickinson hand he the flask , and best grab a pair of coffee mug and pour two shot . he raise he mug in a toast . best to cliff janz and the rest of the man on Arizona . to the good man we lose today and the good man we will lose tomorrow . to the ... 123 . the word trail off as best be catch up in emotion . dickinson be briefly paralyze -- he 's never see he friend this raw and vulnerable -- but then he raise he own mug . dickinson to that in peril on the sea . best nod ; the old toast be perfect for this moment . the man shoot the whiskey , and then dickinson stand and walk over to the door . but he pause before exite . dickinson ( cont 'd ) hey . best turn he head to look at he . dickinson ( cont 'd ) we do it . best and dickinson trade a long look . and then dickinson disappear down the hallway , peave best alone to contemplate the list of the miss and the dead . as we go close on best 's face , we see he pain -- both physical and emotional . yet beneath the pain be something else : exhilaration . dickinson be right . yes , much hard fight remain , but in the darkest of hour the courage of this small fraternity of man have turn the tide of war in the Pacific . ext . pearl harbor - day the Enterprise sail down the channel , she battle flag proudly fly from the mast and the crew stand at attention on the deck . dozen of plane pass overhead in a formation as she air group buzze the harbor . the shore be line with cheer man and woman -- soldier from Fort kamehameha and hickam , and patient and doctor from Hospital Point . the crew of the other warship in the harbor line they own deck , siren and whistle sounding . ext . pearl harbor - wharf - day it 's a joyous scene as man pour off the Enterprise to rendezvous with they friend and family . layton stand away from the commotion and watch the man disembark , a expression of quiet satisfaction on he face . he 's content to enjoy this moment from the shadow until -- -- best roll up to he in a wheelchair . he 's pale and have lose at least ten pound . he stare up at layton . best hey , remember I ? we meet once in the bar at the pink Palace . 124 . layton yeah , I remember . layton 's tone be wary ; he do not want to get burn again . but best stick out he hand . best Hell of a job . you intelligence guy really come through for we . layton take best 's hand and shake , fight to keep he emotion in check . he never expect this kind of validation , certainly not from a flyboy . but nimitz be right ; even though he be not on the front line in a destroyer or dive bomber , he have nevertheless do something truly meaningful . best , meanwhile , turn away and continue to wheel himself down the wharf . his eye desperately search the scene until he finally see ... ... Ann and barbera . they be wear match Sunday dress . when barbera notice she father , she dash through the crowd and hurl herself onto he lap . barbera daddy ! best easy , sweetie . best hug he daughter and then gingerly stand to greet Ann . her relief emerge in a breathtaking smile . but it fade into concern as she get a closer look at he . ann what happen to you ? best I inhale caustic soda . apparently it activate my latent tuberculosis . ann what do that mean ? best my lung be shot . the navy 's never go to let I fly again . the word involuntarily burst out of Ann 's mouth . ann thank God . best I be a pilot , Ann . this be the one thing I be good at . ann well , get good at something else . ( more ) 125 . ann ( cont 'd ) you have get the rest of you life to figure it out . best hear the wisdom in that word , and he pull he wife into a embrace . they hold each other tightly , tear in they eye -- overwhelmingly grateful for the miracle that have bring they back together . we leave they in this most intimate of moment and_ crane upward , revealing the remarkable panorama of Pearl Harbor . Enterprise be berthe just hundred of yard from the wreck of the Arizona , the ship that she avenge . as we pull back further , we see the new ship and new construction project around the harbor : the beginning of what will soon become the world 's mightiest war machine . but we keep rising and pulling back until we be finally focus on just the vast , endless ocean -- a ocean that have try and test the will of everyone in we story : japanese and american alike . CUT to black : ext . pacific ocean - day wave lap over the camera lens , a scrap of wreckage bob in the foreground . a yellow life raft heave into the frame . Gay lie in the bottom , badly sunburn . he stare up at the cloud with a vacant look in he eye . super : " ensign Gay , the lone survivor of he squadron , spend several day adrift in the Pacific before be rescue . " ext . papua new guinea - day a line of japanese soldier walk single - file through the thick jungle . one of they point silently at the tree above they , which have be cropped as if by a mysterious force . super : " a year after midway , american codebreaker -- lead by Edwin layton -- intercept yamamoto 's travel itinerary . " the man continue into a clear , where they discover a crash mitsubishi g4m bomber . the wing be shear off and the cabin be split open by the force of the wreck . super : " Admiral nimitz personally order a squadron of fighter to shoot down yamamoto 's transport plane . " one of the soldier point at a tree on the far side of the clear where ... ... yamamoto be propped upright , dead . dried blood from a head wound cover he formal uniform and one white - glove hand still grip he katana sword . super : " yamamoto be bury with full honors . " 126 . ext . tokyo BAY - day dozen of carrier and battleship from the mighty american fleet fill the anchorage , gun train on the city . countless fighter and bomber pass overhead in a thunderous formation . super : " on September 2 , 1945 the US Pacific fleet sail into Tokyo Bay . " ext . missouri - MAIN deck - day hundred of khaki-clad soldier and sailor stand at attention as a small delegation of japanese official make they way toward a wood table . super : " Admiral nimitz be choose to sign the official surrender document on behalf of the United States . " as nimitz raise he pen , we notice layton stand underneath one of the giant sixteen - inch gun turret . super : " in recognition of he contribution to the war effort , nimitz invite layton to attend as he personal guest . " further down the deck stand three familiar officer ina tight group , bright smile on they face . super : " dickinson , thatch and mcclusky survive the war . all three man eventually become admiral in the US navy . " ext . US naval academy - radford terrace - day ( 1996 ) Autumn leave swirl on the main quad . a crowd have gather on the lawn between the beautiful chapel and the impose facade of bancroft Hall . super : " Dick best spend three year after midway in a Naval Hospital and never fly again . he eventually become director of security for the rand Corporation . " as we draw closer to the crowd , we find hundred of midshipmen and civilian sit in neat row of chair . they be face a brand - new stone monument honore the Battle of midway . super : " US naval academy . october 3 , 1996 " rear admiral SAMUEL locklear , 42 , speak from the podium next to a row of dignitary . read admiral locklear in the memorable word of President Franklin delano Roosevelt , ' there be a mysterious cycle in human event . to some generation , much be give . of other generation , much be expect . locklear turn to look at a figure stand off-camera . 127 . read admiral locklear ( cont 'd ) today , as we dedicate this monument to the memory of the brave man who fight for liberty , we be honore to have one of the last survive midway pilot with we . Lieutenant Commander Richard halsey best . as the crowd rise to applaud , we focus on a camera whirring near the back of the group . we push into the viewfinder until a vhs image fill we screen ... ... and suddenly we be watch footage of the real dick best , age 86 , speak at the ceremony . he stand proudly in he dinner dress uniform , he back ramrod straight , the last survivor of he squadron . dick best I guess it 's my job to speak for the guy who can not be here . we lose a lot of good man that day , and a lot more since . but I be glad to know that we be remember . ( beat ) people often ask I about midway . how I could fly against that odd , know that I probably be not go to come back . best stare out at this new generation of Naval officer , determine to pass along the one lesson he truly learn . dick best ( cont 'd ) that man be my brother . I would have fly with they straight into Hell . we take one final look at this remarkable man , the faint growl of a distant engine in we ear , and then ... fade to black : super : " Dick best die in Santa monica , California at the age of 91 . he be bury alongside many of he friend and fellow pilot at Arlington National Cemetery . " the end