mighty morphin power rangers : the movie revision by arne olsen direct by bryan spicer revised draft october 31 1994 fade in : black screen word scrawl up on screen and we hear a resounding voice . voice in a time of great strife , a legendary interdimensional be know as Zordon , come to the city of angel Grove to establish a vanguard in the never end struggle against evil . with the aid of he trust assistant , Alpha 5 , the noble master seek out six extraordinary teenager and give they the power to transform into a unstoppable fight force . in time of great need , the young heroes could now call upon colossal assault vehicle know as " Zord " . while the identity of the six remain a guard secret , they courageous exploit soon become the stuff of legend , earning they the title ... the mighty morphin power ranger . we hear pumping rock and roll music as the power ranger's logo burst' onto the screen . now the logo explode , revealing 1 ext . prop plane / flying - day 1 a prop plane whisk across the deep blue sky . rocky yeeeoowwwwwww !!! 2 int . prop plane / flying - day 2 the six power ranger , tommy , KIMBERLY , billy , aisha , adam and rocky sport sleek sky diving suit , parachute pack and helmet . Tommy be strapped into a high - tech airboard . rocky we be outta here !! KIMBERLY easy , rock . tommy once we hit the target zone we have get fifteen second to make the drop . bulk ( 0 . S .) step aside , pinhead . bulk and skull push they way through the ranger , deck in bizarre skydiving regalia , top off by World War ii leather cap and aviator goggle . bulk the stealth Eagle be about to fly . skull ditto for the swoop swallow . the ranger exchange amused look . aisha gesture to they aisha lead on , flyboy . bulk and Skull swagger to the door and open it - the ground be a dizzying distance below . they swallow hard . skull bulk ... where would the earth go ? billy five second to the target zone ! tommy aisha you ' be on ! bulk and Skull step aside , aisha launch herself . the other follow through the open with flair . rocky stylin ! adam on you tail ! billy all system Tommy and kimberly share a infectious glance , kimberly a hand , indicate Tommy should go first . tommy surf 's up ! he 's go . kimberly stand backwards in the doorway . KIMBERLY catch you on the flipside . bulk and Skull watch wide - eye as she back -flip out of the plane . 3 ext . sky - day rock and roll fill the track as the ranger plunge towards earth , execute a series of mind - boggling maneuver : spin , fishtail , power dive , back flip , you name it . 4 int . prop plane - day 4 bulk and Skull psyche themselves up . bulk be the eagle . be the eagle . skull be the swallow . be the swallow ... they take deep breath then charge the door . bulk and skull aaaaaahhhhhhhh !!! naturally , they get stuck , wedge shoulder to shoulder . the pilot glance back , chuckle and bank the plane . 5 ext . prop plane - barrel -rolling - day bulk and Skull rotate into frame . now , face straight down -- they fall into camera , clinging to each other desperately bulk and skull yeaaaaaahhhhhh !! 6 ext . sky - day the ranger pull off more spectacular maneuver then swoop together , interlock hand and form a perfect circle they look to one another and a moment of pure magic pass between they . it 's not usual the exhilaration of flight they be share , it 's the exhilaration of togetherness , of be part of a team . tommy let 's break !! they disperse and yank they rip-cord . the sky burst to life with six blossoming parachute -- white , pink , blue , yellow , red and black in color . 7 ext . angel grove park - day 7 family eat hot dog and cotton candy at a huge fundraiser . a large banner proclaim " save the observatory . " we see diving team with label uniform -- the bowling team , angel grove p.d. and the FIRE department . there 's a large white " bullseye " spray - paint on the grass . the city 's spectacular large skyline rise out of the b.g . a spunky mr. kelman stand at a podium , speak into a mic . mr. kelman okay , so the firemen land four out of six inside the target -- a bowler shout out playfully . bowler how `bout a show tune ?! Mr. kelman feign seriousness . mr. kelman somebody wanna keep choose bowler in line . a hip thirteen year old , fred kelman , yell out as he point to the sky . fred hey dad , get with the program ! mr. kelman lady and gentleman , it 's angel Grove High angel on target - as aisha touch down flawlessly . mr. kelman and that 's one ! a perfect landing ! aisha clear , then billy and Adam land toqether . mr. kelman Three for three . look at `em go ! billy and Adam clear and now Rocky and kimberly come in . mr. kelman that 's five perfect landing ! now it 's all up to Tommy Oliver . everybody watch with dumbfounded expression as Tommy sail in on he AIR board and slide into dead CENTER . he spread he arm wide . tommy touch down . the family cheer and applaud as they surge forward to congratulate the ranger . Mr. kelman and Fred approach Tommy - Fred and Tommy exchange stylish hand slap . fred look good up there . tommy thanks , man . mr. kelman congratulation - the observatory 's get a new lease on life . fred awesome ! Ryan 's comet be pass over in two day ! the other ranger approach . aisha who 's up for lunch ? rocky you read my mind . KIMBERLY last one to erny busy . adam let 's roll ! 8 ext . angel grove park - day 8 we hear a vociferous sissing SOUND , but we can not see where it 's come from . - suddenly the six ranger come scream around a corner on state-of-the-art rollerblade . this kid be flying !! we hear full -throttled music as the kid weave , duck and swerve like blading virtuosos . Tommy leap in the air , do a 180 and skate backward . the high branch . past a large tree as bulk and Skull drop into frame skull stealth Eagle , huh ? the lame duck be more like it ! 9 ext . CITY STREET - day 9 the ranger glide around another corner -- there 's building on one side of they and a construction site on the other . tommy let 's take the shortcut ! Tommy lead they up a plywood ramp -- they launch ten feet through the AIR , pulling off hair - raising free style move then make spectacular landing on the construction site parking structure . as they shoot across the concrete , the camera push in on : 10 ext . inner CITY consttzuction site - day 10 ... worker operate heavy machinery -- crane , bulldozer , etc. , construction Worker jackhammer solid rock . drill make a clanging SOUND as it hit metal ! a baffle look come over he as he stop the jackhammer , brushes away debris .. uncover a ancient iron plate . he gape at it , too stunne to speak . 11 ext . construction site - short time later 11 a large hook have be fastened to the iron plate -- a crane engine roar as it hoist the plate up , revealing a cavernous open . two more construction worker have join the first , all of they look on in amazement . construction worker # 2 whadda you figure it be ?! construction worker # 1 hey , ya get I . suddenly a purple steam pour from the open . and now something really amazing happen . .. a menace stone claw rise up , cradling a huge stone construction worker # 1 ... I will be damned . as though draw by it 's power , he move to touch it . kzaaaaaap ?!! apurple beam of light blast he -- send he flying ten feet through the AIR ! construction worker # 1 ahhhhhhhhh ! 11a ext . construction site - day 11a a t.v. reporter be talk into camera . reporter we be here at the World Center construction Site , where a mysterious object be just uncover in a freak accident in which one workman suffer minor injury ... 12 12 through omitted 13 13 13a int . ernie' waterfront cafe - day 13a close on - t.v. screen we see the reporter then a few cut of geologist comb the site with scan equipment and cop sealing off the area with yellow tape . reporter ... angel Grove Police have cordon off the area until it can be determine whether or not the unidentified object pose any threat . the injure workman be quote as say ... pull back to reveal a cafe . the ranger be at a table -- Tommy be teach Fred martial art move . tommy it 's one smooth move and then you have gotta explode off the top . Tommy execute a wick jumping roundhouse kick . Fred be wow . he drop into position . tommy Nice and easy . the jovial proprietor , ernie , approach the ranger ' table with a load tray . Fred pull off a dazzle jumping roundhouse kick and almost knock Ernie 's tray over . ernie hey , no karate on the patio ! fred actually , Ernie , it 's tae - kwan doe . ernie well tae - kwan - do - it some place else . Fred move off as Ernie serve the dessert . ernie so , what be the plan for the weekend ? KIMBERLY aisha and . I be check out a new dance spot . aisha I hear that ! billy I will be at the observatory Sunday . ernie that 's right - Ryan 's comet . rocky we should throw a little comet shindig . adam any excuse for a party . aisha react to something off screen . aisha the Eagle have land . bulk and Skull swagger past follow by a group of kide . bulk the earth be hurtle toward we at seven hundred mile per hour , and we know at that moment that we be face death straight in the eye . skull we could smell it 's breath . Ernie move off after bulk and Skull . Tommy 's wrist communicator beeps . the kid exchange glance than look for a private area . rocky there 's a spot over there . they move out of everybody 's sight . tommy ( into communicator ) what 's up , Alpha ? alpha 5 ( v.o. ) ranger , we need you at the Command Center , l.r.n . ! aisha give kimberly a puzzle look . KIMBERLY ' like right now . ' tommy we be on we way . they hit they wrist - communicator and instantly transform into six iridescent column of color . the column shoot up through a giant oak tree , knocking leave loose . 14 ext . command CENTER - sunset 14 Zordon 's remote headquarters protrude from a craggy mountain top -- silhouett by a glorious sunset . the six streak of color slice downward into the roof . 15 int . conimand CENTER - night 15 everything 's go haywire button blink , emergency light flash , there 's a cacophony of electronic sound . alpha 5 work frantically amidst the array of computer bank while zordon look on from he column of light . the six ranger materialize , Tommy turn to Zordon . tommy what 's happen ? alpha 5 ay , yi , yi , yi , yi ! we thermionic -sensor have be hit by a cataclysmic surge of evil ! zordon ranger , you must act swiftly . the planet be in grave danger ! KIMBERLY danger from what ? zordon six thousand year ago a morphological be know as Ivan ooze , rule the world with a reign of unparalleled terror . finally , a rebel factor know as the " order of the meledon " lure he into a hyperlock chamber and bury he deep underground . alpha 5 in a place that come to be know as angel Grove . zordon the chamber have be accidently uncover ! you must return it to the depth . or anyone should open it and Ivan be release ! alpha 5 to assist you I have retro-fitted you helmet with new opti-scan device . zordon use extreme caution , ranger . you be deal with a evil here that be beyond all comprehension . 16 ext . inner CITY construction site - night barricade and police tape surround the egg . a security guard pass he sleep CO - worker , drop into a chair , sip he coffee . bzzwapp -- zedd , rita , goldar and a short , fat , furry creature name mordant appear . rita another Saturday night and I be traipsing around the galaxy with the three little pig ! my mother warn I this would happen ! rita , she say , after 89 marriage you might wanna think about throw in the towel . why do not I listen to she ?! Zedd grumble to himself . zedd that 's a good question . the stunne guard stir he sleep buddy . first security guard uh ... kurt ... you might wanna take a look at this . kurt look up groggily . zedd no need to wake he . in fact , why do not you take a little nap yourself . Zedd zap the guy with a bolt from he staff -- they be knock out . goldar step back from the blast and accidentally step or mordant 's foot . mordant knock on goldar 's metallic leg . mordant hey bonehead , get off my hoof ! goldar be oblivious . Zedd , stand reverently before the glow egg shape . zedd after two thousand year of search ... I have finally find you . mordant bang on goldar 's leg again . mordant yo , earth to bigfoot ! goldar swat mordant . goldar watch you mouth , fuzz-ball ! zedd silence ! rita ( to goldar ) where do you find this rabid little rodent , anyway ?! goldar mordant 's my second cousin three time remove on my mother 's side . he`s just visit for the summer . rita well put a muzzle on he ! mordant grumble under he breath . meanwhile , Zedd aim be staff at the chamber and burst a blast of energy . the egg open up with a whoosh of decompress air . web of electricity branch out , follow by a swirl of black smoke . when the smoke clear we see a bubbling , purple , phosphoscent ooze . the group gather around -- rita stick a finger in of the sticky substance . rita what ... you spend two thousand year look for this tub of snot ! as if in response , the ooze boil and froth . Zedd and rita be too busy argue to notice this . zedd do not you ever have anything nice to say ?! rita well , if I do I certainly would not say it to you ! we hear a slithering slurping SOUND as the substance rise up and take on the ghastly shape of ivan ooze . mordant tug at Zedd . mordant boss . zedd for you information this be not just you average , run-of - the - mill tub of snot ! rita you be try to tell I there`re different level of snot ?! mordant boss . zedd what ! Zedd and rita finally notice Ivan , stand with he lip apart , revealing jag tooth , one of which be make of glistening silver . he stretch he sinewy arm , release a enormous yawn , put he hand on he head , crack it . ivan ahhhhhhhh . now he smack he lip together , open he arm theatrically and give he trademark stance . ivan lady and gentlemen ... the ooze be back !! rita blushes . rita he 's so cute . Zedd flash she a angry look , turn back to Ivan . zedd I be Lord Zedd , swear enemy of all that be good and decent . it be a supreme honor to finally meet you . Ivan give a slight bow . ivan how can I ever repay you ? zedd do you recall the name ... Zordon of eltare ? Ivan 's face go dark , thunder rumble and the site light up with a flash of lightning . mordant turn to goldar . mordant seem to ring a bell . zedd I want you to destroy Zordon , so that my evil may once again reign supreme . ivan ( hiss ) I will not only destroy he , I will obliterate he entire be . it will be like Zordon of eltare never existed ! rita finally , a real man . goldar hand Ivan a scrap of paper . goldar here 's he address . ivan ( read ) " ... leave off interstate 12 ?! " ( puzzle ) what 's a " interstate " ? mordant it 's like a freeway . how long have you be lock up ? ! zedd we shall leave you to weave you wick way . rita now we go out on the town . first dinner , then dance , then -- bzzwapp !! the foursome de-materialize . ivan what be that odious stench ? his eye come alive . ivan smell 's like ... teenager ! 17 omitted 18 ext . construction site - night on cue , the power ranger teleport into the construction site . they be surround by rock pile , pool of water and a plethora of building supplies . billy look down at the mud puddle he 's stand in . billy remind I to have a word with Alpha about he teleport calculation . they survey the construction site for a moment . aisha anybody see anything ? tommy ... let 's take a look over there . they advance up a slope -- the egg come into view . rocky ( alarmed ) it look like it 's be open ! the kid get close to the egg , look it over with fascination . suddenly a hand fall on aisha . security guard ( o.s. } hey ! they all whirl around and see the first Security Guard . he half smile , shaking he head . security guard you have I scared there . aisha make two of we . KIMBERLY you have not by any chance see a ... morphological be lurking around ? security guard the only thing I have see be you teenager . ( beat ) and you know ... if there 's one thing in the world I reeeeally hate .... close on he face as it shape - shift into the + hideous visage of ivan ooze . ivan it 's teenager KIMBERLY gross ! ivan you be too kind . allow I to introduce myself . I be the infamous , world - revile , universally despise , ivan ooze ! rocky well , pack you bag cause we be send you back where you come from ! ivan gee , a teenager with a big mouth . not much have change in six thousand year . KIMBERLY we be not just teenager , raisin - head . tommy we be the mighty morphin power ranger ! Ivan put he hand to he face in mock fear . ivan ooooh , where 's my autoqraph book ?. he look they over reproachfully . ivan power ranger , huh ? so Zordon be still use a bunch of rug-rat to do he dirty work . and speak of rat ... Ivan raise both hand -- electricity shoot out he finger and the kid dive clear as the bolt zap a throng of rat . now , incredibly , the rat grown into grunting , snarling man size rat -beast . ivan from this moment forth , the world as you know it shall cease to exist ! Ivan raise he arm -- thunder crackle and lightning rip across the sky . ivan welcome to my nightmare ! a explosion of purple smoke consume ivan . rocky he 's go . the rat attack ! adam let 's take this beast !! Tommy get off a stellar cross - hock takedown , kimberly deliver a world class heel stomp , billy execute a lethal reverse handsword . despite they valiant effort , the ranger be be overwhelm by the fierce combatant . 19 int . command CENTER - night smoke pour from various circuit board , numerous control panel vibrate . zordon Alpha , my sensor tell I the ranger be too late ! Ivan be on he way here ! alpha 5 hey , nobody enter the Command Center without a power coin ! there 's a bleet , bleet -- emergency light start flashing near the entrance . Alpha watch , forlorn , as ooze seep through the hairline crack in the door . alpha 5 well ... almost nobody . the ooze slither and gurgle across the floor , once again ivan rise up . he take in the state - of - the- art surroundings . ivan gee ... pretty fancy - shmancy . I guess if you invest you money well over sixty century you can buy something pretty nice . Alpha drop into a karate stance , make some bruce lee noise then lunge . alpha 5 hi , yah ! Ivan hold he arm out , zap Alpha with a electrical charge Alpha start spin . alpha 5 welcome to wiener World . May I take you order , please ? zordon you have not change , ooze . you be still pick on creature smaller than yourself . Ivan slowly circle Zordan 's column of light , Zordon turn with he . ivan put a cork in it " Z " . ten minute out of the egg and I be already listen to one of you lecture . ( he explode furiously ) you rob I of my prime ! I be the Supreme ruler of the most foul Empire in the Universe . I be the King of calamity . the Duke of destruction . the big man on campus ! ( beat ) and then you come along . you lock I into you stuffy little hyperlock - chamber and toss I into the depth like yesterday trash ! zordon it work for six thousand year . ivan do not remind I ! ivan do you have any idea what it 's like to be coope up in a rotten egg for six thousand year ? it 's boring ! not to mention I have have a Charlie horse since the Renaissance ! but now the table be turn . now ... ivan raise he hand - he be hold a flute and he plays a few note ivan ... it 's time to pay the piper ! he use the flute like a lightning rod -- a bolt of lightning blast a panel to smithereen . ivan oh , the thing that I have miss . the black plague ! he blow up another panel . ivan the spanish inquisition ! ( another bolt ) the 70' ! he blows up another panel . Ivan cast another lightning bolt , demolishing a ENERGY pillar . ivan and now , finally , I have the strength to destroy you pathetic power forever !! zordon you won't get away with this ! ivan I have get a news flash for you light - bright -- I already have ! now Ivan begin to throw lightning everywhere , laying the command CENTER to waste . Ivan laugh in the b.g. as Alpha continue to spin , move he arm in and out . alpha 5 you put you leave probe in , you put you leave probe out , you put you leave probe in and you shake it all about . you do the hokey - pokey and you turn yourself around ... 20 ext . construction site - night two rat charge aisha and she leap upward - the pair smash into each other . Rocky pick up a two - by-four and start sparring with another rat . billy shove a huge wooden -spool down a slope and it roll into a couple of rat , bowling they over . one rat crack it's tail like a whip , knocking Adam to the ground . another rat get kimberly in a bear hug and she make a face . KIMBERLY rat breath !! she grab a handful of he whisker . KIMBERLY somebody need a shave . she yank they out , the rat squeal and release she . the fight well , but the rat start to get the upperhand . tommy it's morphin time ! the ranger click they power coin into they power morpher . KIMBERLY pterodactyl ! billy triceratop ! rocky tyrannosaurus ! adam mastodon ! aisha saber tooth TIGER ! tommy white TIGER ! rangers morphenomenal ! they jump into the AIR and they be engulfed in a dazzling golden light as we do a 3d movie version of there transformation into costume . they all land and there 's a whirring SOUND as all six of the face piece polarize so we can see they face . the rat immediately scurry off . tommy let 's teach this vermin a few manners . aisha activate power beam ! a yellow beam slice through the darkness . aisha lead the group through the site . KIMBERLY everybody stay alert . ( continued ) - next file page 21 onward 20 continued : ( 2 ) 20 they pass a bulldozer , some scaffold adam hold it ... they come to a stop . adam ( point ) I hear something over there . billy activate audio enhancer ! a auto - phonic receiver pop out of the side of billy 's helmet . as he turn he head , the receiver rotate . SOUND effect : we hear silence and then ... a raspy breathing , follow by a guttural snarl . billy they be on the other side of that wall . the ranger advance along a cement wall , slowly round a corner . aisha 's light pan through the gloom . tommy anybody see they ? rocky activate power scope ! a scope snap into place over Rocky 's leave eye . p.o.v . - through power tracker we see heat sensor outline , pulsating with color . command graphic : search mode . line vector and scan as Rocky search the area . eventually he look up and the line lock on to the pulsating form of the rat . rocky they 're above US !! the creature leap down and we see the ranger pull off kick , sucker punch , spinback - roundhouse , you name it . one of the beast tackle Tommy and the pair go tumbling own a twenty foot rock pile . aisha pick up a handful of dirt aisha hey , handsome ! a beast turn -- aisha fling dirt in he eye . aisha my mistake . she follow through with a over shoulder throw -- the beast crash into a johnny-on-the-spot . Rocky fight another beast and the creature swing up through scaffolding with phenomenal dexterity . Rocky go after he . tommy saba saber ? the talk saber appear in Tommy 's hand . saba ( yawn ) what a dream I be have ! tommy we have get company . saba see the rat . saba rat ! I hate rat ! we hear a primitive cry as a beast slam into adam , send he catapult . Adam rise , speak in a low growl . adam bad move , willard ! he hold he hand in the air . adam stega-stinger ! the stega-stinger appear in adam`s hand . he aim it toward a overhang , fire . a thin wire shoot out -- the stinger at the end pierce the overhang . adam come through ! Adam leap off a platform , swing through the AIR like tarzan , slam into the rat and send he catapult . adam target neutralize ? KIMBERLY raptor-ribbon ! a contraption appear in kimberly 's hand and she throw she arm out -- a long ribbon swirl out and tangles itself around the rat . KIMBERLY now you see `em . she yank the ribbon pull the rat into a open -- he disappear . KIMBERLY now you do not . billy take a hit , roll across the ground . he stop inch away from a twenty foot drop-off . the beast charge he , he duck and the beast goe flying through the AIR and splashes down in one of the muddy pool of water . billy not the brightest of beast . Rocky be now up in the scaffold . he drop ten feet through the air , land on one end of a board . there 's a beast at the other end and he go flipping through the AIR . Tommy throw saba saber and the knife swoops through the AIR and zing around the beast as they try to knock he down . saba na to to to to ! the rat chase after saba as he head into a water - slicked area . there 's a large power cable run across it . once all the rat be in the water , saba kamikaze dive into the cable , slicing it OPEN with a eruption of SPARKS . the water sizzle with electricity and the rat go up in a puff of smoke . saba fry mouse , anyone ? we see the six original small rat scurry away , squeaking . suddenly , there 's a explosion of electrical activity and the ranger watch , stunne , as they costume de-materialize and they appear back in civilian clothes . KIMBERLY what 's go on ?! billy try he wrist communicator . billy Alpha , come in ! there 's no response . tommy we would better get back . they all hit they communicator and nothing happen . aisha ( worried ) something 's wrong ! tommy come on , guy ... they hurry off . 21 ext . command CENTER - night 21 the ranger climb a mountain path , all of they look alarmed . up ahead , there 's a pillar of black smoke rise from the Command Center . 22 int . command CENTER - night 22 the place be trash -- there 's smoking debris , ravage panel , expose wire and mechanism . the kid move through the wreckage in numb silence . tommy ( barely audible ) ... what happen here ?... Adam spot Alpha 's arm protrude from a mound of rubble . adam guy ! the kid quickly uncover the batter robot . billy Alpha , be you okay ?! alpha 5 I will get you my pretty , and you little dog toa !! billy he must have blow a anitromic demodulator ! KIMBERLY ( stunne ) oh , no ... everybody follow kimberly 's gaze , thunderstruck expression come over they . laying on a destroy bed of crystal be Zordon . he be still a shimmering spectral be , only now he 's age a good fifty year . the kid stand over he , forlorn . aisha ... what 's happen to he ? ' billy outside of he time warp he 's aging at a vastly acellerate rate ! KIMBERLY we have to help he ! Zordon open he eye . zordon ... ranger ... thank goodness you be safe . the kid drop down beside he . tommy we have to get you back inside you time warp . zordon I be afraid that 's impossible ... the power have be destroy . it 's go ... the Zord , the weapon ... all of it . ( beat ) the mighty morphin power ranger be no more . the kid be stunne . kimberly gently take Zordon 's hand . KIMBERLY Zordon ... you can not leave we . ever since you come into we life ... you have be like another father `to we all . - zordon ... you must be strong ... Ivan almost overthrew the planet once ... and now I be afraid he have the strength to see he scheme through . Zordon close he eye . Tommy put a hand on kimberly 's shoulder . the kid slowly rise , all of they look utterly despondent . billy turn to Alpha . billy what be we go to do ? alpha 5 I do not like Green egg and Ham ! I do not like they , Sam -I - be ! billy open a panel on Alpha 's back , make a adjustment . Alpha 's head roll back like he 's go to sneeze . alpha 5 ah - ah - ahhhh -choo !! SPARKS burst from where he nose should be . he sniff . alpha 5 thanks , billy . Rocky hand Alpha a hanky , Alpha wipe he nose area . adam there have to be something we can do . tommy come on , guy , think ! aisha turn to Alpha . aisha Alpha . be there any way we can defeat this monster ? any way at all ? alpha 5 ... perhaps there be a way ... I have hear tale of another power . adam what ?! alpha 5 ... they say that somewhere beyond the Hyperion constellation there exist a mythological power that be beyond all comprehension . tommy how can we get to it ? alpha 5 as the legend go , the power be impossible to obtain . rocky we have to try , Alpha . it 's we only hope . Alpha shake he head . alpha 5 it 's far too dangerous . Zordon would never allow it . aisha if we do not try , Zordon will not survive ! adam if Ivan ooze be not stop , nobody will survive . Alpha heave a sigh . alpha 5 ay , yi , yi , yi. ( beat ) the legend speak of a master warrior who life on the planet phaedos ... this be the only person who know the secret of the power . aisha how can we reach phaedos ? Alpha heave a sigh . alpha 5 Zordon 's go to have my orbicular spheroid when he hear out about this ! the kid exchange curious look as Alpha open a compartment and remove a vile fill with radioluminescent ENERGY . alpha 5 this be a emergency reserve of morphonic emission . it should be enough to get - you there . he approach a damage panel , load in the vile . alpha 5 there be one problem . I only have enough reserve to send you phaedos ... I can not bring you back . adam so how do we get back ? Alpha give they a grim look . alpha 5 ... you will have to pray that the legend be true . Alpha key in coordinate . alpha 5 you be sure you want to do this ?! the ranger share purposeful look . tommy it 's we only hope . Alpha shake he head , punch in the final code . alpha safe journey , ranger ! he pull a lever . alpha 5 be careful !! the kid transform into six streak of color and blast 0 ff through the ceiling . Alpha shake he head in despair . alpha 5 ay , yi , yi , yi . they be doomed !! 23 through 27 omitted 28 ext . earth - night 28 we see the six colored streak blast away from earth and shoot past the moon . the camera move in on Zedd 's ominous palace which rise up out of the torture landscape . Zedd , rita , mordant and goldar be stand on the balcony . 29 int . Zedd palace - night 29 Zedd , rita and they minion be inside Zedd 's dark palace goldar look through rita 's telescope as rita rant . rita ( outrage ) how could he let they slip through he hand ?! he 's no better than the rest of the hire help around here ! goldar look up from the telescope . goldar accord to the TX tracker , they be head for phaedos . zedd I be gonna fire that slimeball so fast he not gonna know what hit he ! Ivan sweep regally into the room . ivan hi , honey , I be home ! rita you garlic-sking dinglebrain ! the ranger be go after the great power ( to Zedd ) I think you say this guy be the master of disaster ? ( to Ivan ) he 's nothing but a slime - infest , jelly - belly blob of -- Ivan snap he hand -- a wad of ooze fly out , splat rita across the mouth , muffle she . rita rrgh mmffpprr brghuh !! zedd how dare you ?! nobody shut up rita but I ! ivan sorry , slick , there 's be a slight ' change of plan . ( arm out in trademark stance ) the " booger man " be take over . Ivan drop regally into Zedd 's chair . zedd nobody double - cross Lord Zedd and life ! mordant slip behind goldar , use he as a shield . mordant Zedd 's gonna kick this snotball into next week ! Zedd shoot a blast from he staff -- Ivan be cover in SPARKS . ivan ooooh , that tickle ! Ivan raise he hand and the spark disappear . ivan my turn . he zap rita and Zedd , and with a brilliant flash , they 're gone . mordant move to a snow - globe on the table , he mouth fall open . Zedd and rita be inside it !! rita wipe the ooze off she mouth , rant in a munchkin voice . rita this be all you fault ! if you would take I out tonight like you be supose to , none of this would have happen . Ivan turn menacingly to goldar and mordant . ivan now you have a choice , either serve I , or join that insufferable cheesedong . mordant and goldar exchange a look , then turn back to Ivan . goldar we never like the cheesedong in the first place . mordant could nott stand they -- low - class all the way . and do you catch a whiff of they breath ?! it 's like have a conversation with a couple of onion ! not to mention ... goldar throw a hand over mordant 's mouth , muffling he . goldar ( apologetic ) he 's just visit for the summer . ( beat ) now what about , the ranger , oh hideous one ? ivan ah yes , the rangers !!! he make a hoarking SOUND then spit ooze onto the floor , mordant gasunteidt . now the ooze grow into ten tengu warrior -- bird - like creature with long beak and enormous wing . they gobble , squawk and chirp like newborn chicken , the cacophony growing louder and louder until ... ivan shut you beak !! the tengu fall dead silent . ivan tengu Warrior , you will fly to phaedos , find the power ranger ... and tear they apart ! the creature make horrendous squawking sound as they spread there reptilian wing . ivan mordant , go with they and report back to I ! mordant you know boss , I would really like to help out but I have get this gastronomic condition which rule out all space trave -- one of the tengu grab hold of mordant and the flock wing off like colossal bat . mordant iiiiiii !!! angle on - snow globe Zedd wave he arm around in outrage . zedd be not this just typical ! we finally do somebody a good turn and just look what happen ! rita from now on it 's e-v -i-l , no exception ! rita ( optional line ) it just go to show , ya never go into business with a booger . 29a ext . outer space - night 29 a the tengu warrior sweep toward we -- we see mordant dangle from one of the tengu 's talon . mordant watch the hairrrrrrrr !! he swing past camera and out of sight . 30 through 32a omitted 32b ext . space 32 B the colored streak of light shoot through the cosmos , head down toward the planet , phaedo . it 's emerald green with two radiant golden circle around it . 32c ext . jungle clearing / phaedo - day 32c the streak of color hit the jungle floor and only five rangers materialize . tommy everybody okay ? KIMBERLY where ' 's billy ? ! the kid search the sky in a panic . 32d omitted 32e int . command CENTER - day Alpha work frantically hit button and lever . alpha 5 ay , yi , yi , yi ! the filamentary transistor have malfunction ! SPARKS erupt from the panel , singing alpha . he snarl . alpha 5 why you low - frequency , battery operate -- Alpha wind up and deliver a mighty kick to the panel . suddenly come to life with bleep and blip . 32f ext . jungle clearing / phaedo - day ( old sc . 32c ) the ranger continue scour the sky as billy come flying . billy whoaaaaaahhhh !!! he splashes down in a puddle . aisha billy !! the other quickly gather around he . KIMBERLY you okay ? billy I think so . billy look down at the puddle . billy this puddle thing be really get on my nerve . they help billy up then take in the exotic jungle environment . they hear all sort of exotic animal sound . aisha welcome to beautiful downtown phaedos . rocky ... incredible ... Tommy give they all a invigorate look . tommy let 's see if we can find this master warrior . he lead the team down a narrow path . 32g ext . chemical plant - day ( old sc 32d ) 32g establish . 33 int . chemical plant - day 33 Ivan be walk through a giant chemical plant with goldar ivan take over the world be one thing . it 's find good help to run it for you that 's the killer . goldar you want I to place a few call ? Ivan shake he head . ivan no need . I be go to use the young mind of angel Grove . goldar dig for bury treasure deep in he nose . goldar no offense , boss , but they might find you a little disgusting . ivan yes , well , I suppose you would know a little something about that . ( beat ) not to worry . I will ever so gently lure they in and mold they into a army of devil ! and what better way to entice they ... than with a little Ivan 's ooze ?! Ivan approach a enormous vat , turn a tap -- it burp and glop as purple ooze pour out . goldar but boss , what about they parent ? ivan ah , the old and doddering . I be go to scourge they puny mind , reduce they to zombie be . and then I will put they to work rebuild my empire . bulk and Skull enter wave a " help want " flier . both they be wear they garish blazer and dark sunglass . skull I understand you be look for a few new assistant . bulk do a g.q. stance . bulk well put you mind to rest `cause now you have get the best . Ivan do not look too pleased . ivan what be this ?! I advertise for brilliant and good look assistant ! Skull extend he hand . skull hi , I be brilliant . bulk ( hand extend ) and I be good look . Ivan step forward . ivan and I be Little - bo- peep . bulk and Skull lower the sunglass and take a good look Ivan . both of they swallow hard . skull bulk ... why do not we give Mr. peep here a chance to think it over ? bulk a stellar idea , Skull . they start to back away . ivan not so fast , greaseballs . goldar block they way . ivan you will have to do . 34 through 38 omitted 39 ext . phaedo jungle - day 39 the ranger move through forebode jungle terrain , they ear alert to all the unearthly sound around they . Tommy watch kimberly , who seem to be lose in think . tommy hey . kimberly glance up . tommy you okay ? kimberly take a moment to answer . KIMBERLY I be just think about Zordon ... everything we have be through together . aisha you know , meeting Zordon ... teaming up with you guy , it 's the best thing that 's ever happen to I . rocky it 's the best thing that 's ever happen to all of we . adam ... he 's gonna make it , guy . the other nod in agreement . tommy we will get this warrior ... save Zordon ... and send that slimeball Ivan ooze back to the sewer he crawle out of . Tommy 's word sink in . he stop suddenly , sense something . angle on - mordant hide behind a tree , watch the Ranger 's pass . there 's a horrific screech -- the kid look up as the tengu warrior come sweeping out of the sky rocky take cover ! it 's too late . the tengu attack with unbelievable ferocity they slash with they claw , stab with they beak and batter with they wing . KIMBERLY they 're t00 strong ?? adam we need our power !! Rocky be hurtle into some bush , aisha be knock against a tree , Adam splashes down in a small creek . mordant watch of this from the sideline . he get so excited that he start throw punch and kick . mordant wham ! kapow ! boom ! he accidently punch a tree . mordant # 0!@!# ! one of the tengu get kimberly in a choke -hold , tommy hang on , KIMBERLY . Tommy rush to help she and another tengu trip he -- he tumble head over heel down a slope . we hear a otherwordly cry as a small , hunch figure wear a tatter robe swing in on a vine . he proceed to pull off what be nothing short of a miracle . he use the stick for weapon as he execute a roundhouse kick , a scissor - kick takedown , a sitting side kick , a roundhouse drop spin back kick , a parallel block from the outside , a reverse handsword and so on . the creature punctuate the hit with a exotic variation of bruce lee noise . mordant what 's the matter with you woodpecker ! take this guy out ! the tengu squawk and squeal as the little dynamo wail on they . mordant the tengu Warrior my butt ! the tengu turkey be more like it ! finally the tengu retreat , winging up through the tree . mordant hey , be not you bird - brain forget something ?! one of the tengu swoops in and snatch mordant up . mordant watch the meathook !! the ranger recover and exchange expression of utter disbelief KIMBERLY wow ! that be amazing for such a little dude ! the figure speak in a hoarse whisper . figure you be trespasp . ( beat ) now state you business . tommy we be look for the master warrior . do you know where we can find he ? figure the master warrior do not entertain visitor - KIMBERLY but we have to find he . we leader Zordon be die . figure Zordon ? now the most amazing thing happen . the figure rise to full height of six feet , while simultaneously shed it 's robe . underneath be a scantily clad , stunning amazonian woman . we be talk b-u-i -l-t . meet the master warrior , dulcea . the ranger stand there with stunne expression . dulcea look to Tommy . dulcea how do this happen ?! Tommy just gape . kimberly give he a cold glance and thunks he one with she elbow . KIMBERLY the lady ask you a question . tommy huh ... oh , uh , we be , ah ... kimberly intervene . KIMBERLY he be attack by this horrific be -- Ivan ooze . dulcea Ivan ooze be free ?! we be all in mortal danger ! she move off - the ranger just stand there stare at each other . dulcea let ' 's go . the ranger quickly follow she through the brush aisha turn to kimberly , speak under she breath . aisha kind of bossy , be not she ? 39a .. ext . angel grove park - day ( old sc 38 ) 39 a close up - ooze container there 's a label with a picture of Ivan -- he 's wear make - up to make he a little more presentable . dozen of kide ranging in age from eight to seventeen , be swarm bulk and Skull , who have set up a booth with a large banner that read : " free ooze ! " some kid stretch the ooze , other mold it , other throw it at each other . it 's a ooze free-for-all . ivan boy and girl , girl and boy , gather round and feast you eye . this be not sludge and this be not guck ... this be the one and only Ivan 's ooze ! yesireebob . it 's ooey , gooey and even kind of chewy . but best of all it 's free ! bulk and Skull run a booth . a banner scream " ooze rule " . kid crowd around . bulk here you go ! no push ! skull there 's enough for everybody ! Fred approach . fred so where would this guy come from ? bulk and Skull exchange apprehensive look . skull uh ... that 's classified , top secret , confidential , undercover information . bulk if we tell you -- we would have to kill you . Fred look at the container in he hand but he do not open it . Skull see a kid hurl some ooze at he . skull incoming ! Skull duck and bulk get splatter in the face . bulk glare at Skull , wipe some goop off , flick it at Skull . wizard come on , come all -- it 's a coze free for all ! he smile , revealing a glisten silver tooth . 40 through 42 omitted 42a ext . dulcea' mountainside complex - day 42a a oriental garden set against a stun hillside vista . 43 ext . dulcea' camp / phaedo - day 43 the kid be seat on rock by a lakeside , all of they drink from clay mug . dulcea finish hand out bowl . aisha stare into hers with a grim expression . aisha be this ... food ! dulcea they be call squirb . kimberly lift out a eel - like creature , and watch it squirm between she finger . KIMBERLY mine seem to be a little undercook . dulcea sprinkle hers with brown flake . dulcea add a few dry weevils and you will never know the difference . the other ranger watch as billy hold one of the squirb over he mouth and drop it in . he chew a few time , let out a burp . billy ... not bad . tommy listen , we appreciate you hospitality , but we really do not have much time . dulcea look to Tommy . dulcea what do you know of the great power ? KIMBERLY only that we need it to defeat Ivan ooze . dulcea 's eye move from Ranger to Ranger . dulcea it be say that to that who possess the power ... all thing be possible . billy where do it originate ? dulcea in another time , another dimension . it be bring here long ago by the " nathadian " , a people who be now all but extinct . they build a impenetrable stone monolith to store the power and keep it from they enemy . ( ominous ) for thousand of year , being from all over the Universe have try to obtain it ... all have perish . dulcea 's word hang heavily in the air . aisha so how can we get to it ? dulcea the only way to obtain the power be to achieve the high state of be ... tommy and how do we do that ? dulcea by learn the ancient art of ninjetti . it be the Genesis of what you on earth have come to know as the ninja . ( beat ) it be the perfect union of mind , body and spirit . rocky look , Zordon do not have much longer to live . and for all we know , angel Grove could already be under attack . we do not have time for this . as Rocky be talk , a flubbery look snout work it 's way over kimberly 's shoulder . she have not notice it yet . dulcea you do not understand . if you do not have the ninjetti , the power will destroy you . ( beat ) to reach the monolith we must traverse the neola jungle . we will train today , and set out on foot tomorrow . the snout work it 's way underneath kimberly 's chin -- she scream for all she' worth . include - a terrified snoggle . this be dulcea 's ant - eater like assistant . he jump up and down , yammering and gesticulate . snoggle hnuglhlu phunglump bughlsmrph gbujiphn huphlgmpnoru !!! dulcea snoggle , you watch you language ! snoggle now re-fill aisha 's tea-cup . snoggle slnughyu buglhugrmrph ? aisha Excuse I ? snoggle slnughyu buglhugrmrph ? dulcea he want to know if you would like a cube of sugar in you tea . aisha ah ... sure . we hear a phoot as snoggle blows a cube of sugar out he snout and it splashes into aisha' tea . aisha stare at the cube a moment . aisha ah ... thanks . the other ranger watch as billy hold one of the squib above he mouth and drop it in . he chew a few time , let out a burp . billy ... not bad . 43a ext . angel grove lane - day ( old sc 40 ) 43a night have fall on angel Grove . we pan across a quiet , middle - class neighborhood , settle on a two story house . 43b int . live room / kelman -residence - day ( old sc 41 ) 43b close on - ooze container we pull back to reveal it 's sit on a table . Mr kelman enter , look it over curiously . he pick it up , open it and stick he finger inside . suddenly a crackling electrical current run over he entire body . his face go blank and he eye momentarily glow purple . now he stride purposefully out the door . 43c through 47 omitted 48 ext . dulcea' garden / phaedo - day 48 dulcea and the ranger be gather around a bird - bath stand with flame leaping out of it . dulcea in the language of the nathadian , " nin " stand for " man " , " jetti " stand for " animal " . ninjetti - man and animal , together as one . ( beat ) now , put you hand inside the flame . aisha yeah , right . dulcea it will not harm you . the kid hesitate a moment , then reluctantly put they hand inside the flame . aisha make a horrific expression ... aisha just kid . they remove they hand -- they be fill with sand . aisha wow . Sand . dulcea now tell I ... what do you see ? aisha study the sand for a moment -- it magically take on the shape of a bear . aisha ( bedazzle ) I see ... a bear dulcea aisha , you be the bear , stalwart and bold . aisha stylin ' ! dulcea turn to Rocky . his sand magically take on the shape of a ape . rocky I see ... a ape. dulcea Rocky , you be the mighty ape . we see each of they discover there animal . billy I see ... a fox dulcea Close . billy , you be the Wolf , cun and swift . and now kimberly . she study hers for a moment . it look like a bird . KIMBERLY I think its some kind of bird . dulcea kimberly , you be the crane , agile and sublime . now Adam . adam that 's gotta be a frog . dulcea Adam , you be the frog , quick as lightning . and finally , Tommy . tommy it 's ... a eagle ? dulcea look closer . tommy ... a falcon ? dulcea Tommy , you be the falcon , wing Lord of the Sky . kimberly regards dulcea with true admiration . KIMBERLY how do you know so much about the ninjetti ? dulcea stand tall and proud . dulcea I ... be the sole live descendant of the " nathadian " . ( beat ) now prepare yourselves for the most intense physical and mental training know to man and animal . 48a int . kelman house / live room - day ( old sc 44 ) 48a Fred enter the live room and search for he dad . fred dad ... ??! he heave a frustrated sigh . 48b int . kelman house / master bedroom - day ( old sc 45 ) 48b Fred enter the empty master bedroom , a look of concern come over he . fred dad ?! 48c ext . kelman house - day ( old sc 46 ) 48c Fred come outside as several kide approach , all of they look forlorn . kid # 1 you see my parent ? fred I can not find my dad either . kid # 2 what 's go on ?! suddenly a wild kid wear grunge clothes run by howling like a banshee . he 's hold a container of ooze in one hand and a baseball bat in the other . he smashes a couple of trash can with he bat . wild kid ooze , ooze , ooze rule !! the kid bash in a mailbox then run off . Fred look startle . fred that guy be the student body President 49 through 50 omitted 51 ext . dulgea' garden - day 51 kimberly and snoggle observe as dulcea walk on her hand across a narrow bamboo log that span a pond . a waterfall churn in the b.g . dulcea the crane maintain it 's agility through the perfect harmony of mind , body and spirit . she leap into the air , do a round - house kick , land perfectly on the narrow span . KIMBERLY awesome ! dulcea reach the end of the log , flip through the air land flawlessly on the ground . kimberly heave a sigh , climb onto the bamboo and start walk across , balance precariously on she hand . she get about a quarter of the way , lose she balance , and fall into the shallow pond . snoggle laugh , make a loud honking SOUND . kimberly recover , shoot he a look . KIMBERLY let 's see you do it . snoggle ( indignant ) ghun phnug gnouphl . he march to the pole , dulcea hold he back . dulcea snoggle , we do not have time for you to show off 52 through 53 omitted 53a ext . dulcea' garden / phaedo - day 53a dulcea and Rocky be stand at the bottom of a twenty foot pole with a exotic oriental carve dulcea the ape be strong , but more importantly it be flexible and free . dulcea now scramble up the pole with the nimbleness of a spider . in less than ten second she reach the top . Rocky shake he head in disbelief . rocky who be this lady ? now she slide down like a firewoman , drop beside Rocky . he take hold of the pole , focus for a moment . rocky here go ! it start scurry upward . he get about fifteen foot in the air , lose he grip , plummet and slam to the ground . 54a ext . dulcea' garden / phaedo - day ( old sc 53 ) 54 a dulcea and billy circle one another , fight with spin whistling stick . dulcea be blindfolded , billy be not . dulcea the wolf rely on it 's enhance sense to guide it ... he can hear what we can not hear , he can smell what we can not smell . billy take swing after swing -- dulcea easily deflect every blow . now dulcea take numerous swing , thwacking billy repeatedly and finally knocking he into the water . 54b ext . dulcea' garden / phaedo - day 54b dulcea , Adam and snoggle stand in a area fill with flying insect . dulcea the frog remain still and silent while it assess its target ... then strike out in the blink of a eye . we hear a trilling SOUND as dulcea watch some kind of insect dart around she . thwap ! the trilling SOUND be go . dulcea have literally catch the insect in the blink of a eye . Adam shake he head in disbelief . he wait a moment , hear a tat - tat - tat sound and watch a insect zip around he . he lash out numerous time , miss the insect completely . thwump ! with lightning speed snoggle vacuum the fly into he snout . crunch , crunch , crunch . Adam speak under he breath . adam show off . 54c ext . dulcea' garden / phaedo - day ( old sc 52 ) 54c aisha watch as dulcea go into a bear stance . dulcea the bear be sturdy as a tower tree . nothing can uproot it . snoggle charge dulcea , slam into her . she remain as roote as a tree . snoggle meanwhile suffer some serious bodily damage . aisha girl , you have get to be kid I . snoggle recover and face aisha . aisha shrug , go into a bear stance . snoggle charge , slam into her and send her flying ! 54d through 54e omitted 54f ext . dulcea' garden / phaedo - day 54 F dulcea and Tommy be stand on a tower rock rise out of a dark lake . dulcea the falcon never struggle with the air , but rather become one with it . now dulcea do the impossible . she leap off the rock , soar fifty feet through the air , and land on another protrude rock . Tommy be stunne . dulcea ( call out ) join with the force of nature ! Tommy psyches himself up . tommy you can do this . you can do this . you can do this ... he spread he arm out , leap ... and drop like a rock explode into the black water . 54g int . command CENTER - night ( old sc 54e ) 54g Alpha fuss over Zordon , who be look a good ten year older . zordon ... Alpha , I be deeply concerned about the ranger ... alpha 5 I tell they it be too dangerous , but they would not listen . zordon ... we must try to communicate with they . Alpha look out over the decimate Command Center . alpha 5 perhaps if I could locate a vertical - deflector then I could assemble a holographic-comlink . Zordon shudder in pain , close he eye . Alpha watch over he mentor , shake he head in anguish . alpha ay , yi , yi , yi , yi . 55 omitted 55a ext . dulcea' garden / phaedo - night 55 a dulcea lead the kid through a circular open in one wall , all of they look completely wipe out . she reach a ornate doorway , face the ranger . dulcea each of you must reach deep within and draw upon you natural instinct ... only then will you know the way of the ninjetti . ( beat ) Rest for a few hour . we will continue at daybreak . she head through the door . KIMBERLY so where be we suppose to sleep ? snoggle point to the campfire . snoggle buhph nghujr . he push kimberly toward it make a " na to to to to " sound through he snout . he then hurry inside and slam the door . KIMBERLY that guy 's cruisin ' for a bruisin ' . the kid approach the die fire , all of they limping a little . billy I can hardly walk ... aisha I have never be this sore in my life . they drop around the fire , a few of they groaning . they stare into the orange coal for a long moment , all of they look disillusion . billy do you guy really think we can pull this off ? it take a moment to get a response . adam maybe if we have more time . tommy ... I wonder ... we have be rely on we morphin power for so long ... maybe we have forget how to rely on ourselves . there 's a somber silence . tommy we should get some rest . they all settle in for the night . 55b ext . inner CITY construction site - night ( old sc 47 ) 55 B a purple haze of smoke have settle on the construction site . suddenly , mysteriously , swarm of zombified parent emerge from the vapor - we see Mr. kelman amongst they . Ivan step forward , follow by goldar . ivan lady and gentleman , Simon say ... stop ! all the parent stop . ivan Simon say ... stand on one foot ! all the parent stand on one foot . Ivan seem to be take a perverse glee in all this . ivan Simon say ... goldar quack like a'duck ! all the parent start quacking like duck . Ivan slowly turn to goldar , give he a icy stare . goldar it just slip out . Ivan turn back to the quacking parent . ivan shut up !! the parent keep quacking . goldar you do not say " Simon say " . ivan ( irritate ) Simon say shut up !!! ( they shut up ) now , as soon as I give the word I want all of you to start digging . ( beat ) do I make myself perfectly -- the zombie parent have already start go to work . Ivan shake he head in exasperation . ivan this be the iast time I use parent for anything ! 55c ext . dulcea' garden / phaedo - night 55 C the ranger be fast asleep . a night wind whistle through the tree , cause the branch to shiver . after a moment , there 's movement in the bush . suddenly , amazingly , a wolf emerge -- he mane glisten in the moonlight , he eye glowing like FIRE . he survey the sleep clan , move straight toward billy . he stand inch away from he , watch he with a intense gaze . billy stir slightly . the ember cast a orange glow on kimberly 's sleep face a shadow move over she and two crane legs step into frame . there 's a flurry of flapping wing as a falcon swoops down and land on a rock directly above Tommy . the bird fix on Tommy with its pierce eye . we hear a grunting SOUND as the silhouette of a ape appear : now a frog hop through the air and land inch away from Adam . the frog sit there a moment , it 's throat throbbing now we hear a deep growl and a tree shake . aisha fidget in she sleep as a enormous bear shadow fall over her . now , all at once , the six animal vanish into thin AIR like spirit of the night . 55d ext . construction site - night ( part old sc 55b ) 55d Ivan and goldar patrol the parent who be busy digging . ivan let 's pick it up here ! I have get a schedule to keep . in twenty four hour the ooze be gonna hit the fan ! goldar suddenly point to the sky . goldar hey , boss ! the tengu drop into the scene , squealing mordant what kind of landing be that ?! this clown be a menace to the sky ivan how do you fare ? mordant wave Ivan off . mordant oh , it could not have go better . the power ranger do not know what hit they . the tengu appear , one of they squawks and make grand gesture . mordant that 's right . and then we throw one of they off a mountain and another one into a raqing river ! ivan so they have be destroy ? the tengu squawks some more . mordant " basically " . ivan what do you mean " basically " ? mordant well ... we be about to finish they off ... when this huge monster come out of nowhere ! mordant okay , maybe he be not so huge . but you should have see the size of he stick a pensive look come over Ivan ... ivan do this stick make a whistling sound ? mordant how would you know ? ivan dulcea ! ( beat ) that miserable , manipulate loathsome she-devil of a witch !! to help make the point mordant spit on the ground . ivan how could you let they get away ?! if dulcea lead they to the great power , everything will be ruin ! they must be obliterated ! one of the tengu screech again . mordant what be you talk about ?! it be not my fault ! you be the featherbrain that let they get away ! Ivan look up to the sky . ivan I call upon the power of darkness to enrich the evil of my creature by tenfold ! lightning rip from the sky and zap the tengu , causing they to glow radiantly . ivan and now the coup de grace , to lead my tribe to victorious battle ! he shoot a bolt of ENERGY and create the oueen tengu ! she be a different color than the rest and she eye glow red . mordant shake he head in wonder . mordant where do he come up with this stuff ? the Queen spread she wing and make the most horrendous screech imaginable . ivan Queen tengu , lead - you warrior to phaedos , feast yourselves upon the power rangers and bring I dulcea ! once again , the tengu take to the sky like giant bat . 55e ext . long shot of dulcea' compound - sunrise ( matte ) 55e the morning sun bathes dulcea 's compound in a shimmer golden light . 55f ext . dulcea' compound - sunrise ( old sc 55d ) 55 F close on KIMBERLY snoggle 's snout work it 's way toward she make snorting sound . kimberly bolt awake and slam he snout with she fist . she yelp like a child as he grip the protrusion and jump up and down . snoggle bughu phungl murhpugnu !!! all the ranger spring awake . as they get out from under they blanket they be shocked to discover that they be all wear ninjetti costume with animal symbol on they chest . tommy how the heck ?!... rocky what 's go on ?! KIMBERLY I do not believe it ! dulcea approach , a wondrous expression on she face . dulcea you have be visit by the animal spirit ... they have give you they bless . the ranger continue to admire they symbol in silent wonder . 55g ext . dulcea' garden / phaedo - morning ( old sc 55e ) 55g montage hard drive music kick in . 1 . we see aisha stand on a rock , she whole body flow in a martial art exercise . 2 . billy and dulcea continue to fight with whistling stick . billy be start to get the hang of it . he hit dulcea a few time , then she clobber he . 3 . kimberly balance along the bamboo log again . she do a flip and land it , however one foot slip off and she struggle to maintain she balance . 4 . Tommy stand on the protrude rock again , spread high like a falcon , soar through the AIR . he get about ten foot then drop into the water . 5 . Rocky climb up the oriental pole -- this time he make it up about fifteen feet before he slip . he only drop five foot . 6 . Adam stand amidst overhange tree and go into he frog animal stance , he entire be focus on he action . 7 . billy stand off alone practice with the whistling stick . the weapon be now a blurr in he hand . 8 . kimberly balance along the log , execute a flip , land it perfectly , throw she arm up triumphantly . 9 . Adam stand on the lakeshore , cuncentrate on a buzzing insect . he strike out at it , but just miss it . 10 . aisha also do something appropriate . 55h ext . angel grove park - day ( old sc 55f ) 55h hundred of kide and teenager fill the park , all of they wear purple clothes . they be all dirty and grunge out they jump around , break stuff , sparring with each other it 's total pandemonium . suddenly , a eruption of smoke -- and Ivan , disguise as the wizard , magically appear . the crowd cheer , nuremburg style , fist raise . crowd ooze ! ooze ! ooze ! ooze ! ivan thank you ! please ! you be too kind . ( sotto voce ) finally . a little appreciation where it 's deserve . voice we love you Ivan ! ivan right back at ya !- ( he smile ) now , who miss school ?! crowd not US ! ivan and who miss rule ?! crowd not US ! ivan and who want to join I in raising hell across the universe ?! crowd we do ! at the edge , Fred discreetly approach bulk and Skull . fred can I have a word with you guy ? ( he pull they aside ) what 's really go on here ?! where be everybody 's parent ? bulk and Skull exchange a look . skull like we say before , that 's classified , top secret ... Fred decide to be tricky . fred look , Ivan want I to go dump a load of garbage all over they . bulk well , why do not you say so ?! skull they're at the World Center construction Site . Fred nod . fred uh. ooze rule ! he do a ridiculous mock salute . bulk and Skull repeat it . bulk and skull ooze rule ! Fred roll he eye and hurry away . 56 through 57a omitted 58 ext . jungle / phaedo - morning 58 dulcea lead snoggle and the ranger up a stone path . they approach a bush fill with exotic berry . all of they start eat the berry . tommy dulcea ... how do you and Zordon know each other ? dulcea reminisc . dulcea we belong to a interstellar peace keeping Force know as the " order of the meledan " . ( beat ) Zordon be widely regard as the finest Commander in the galaxy . he be a true legend ... if it be not for he , the Universe would be a very different place from what it be today . the kid be overwhelm by what they be hearing . rocky so ... what happen ? dulcea over time we enemy be defeat ... I return to phaedos , Zordon move on to continue the struggle elsewhere . ( beat ) until you kid show up , I have not hear from he for century . the ranger be silent for a moment . dulcea he be always a inspiration ... dulcea speak with grim-visaged intensity . dulcea this be why I be take you to the nathadian monolith . that be why I be teach you the ninjetti . ( beat ) if Zordon die ... then a piece of all of we die ... and the force of good within the Universe will be deal a irreparable blow . this word strike deep in the kid . 59 ext . inner CITY construction site - day 59 the bulldozer and earth mover have dig out a twenty foot pit . ivan lead goldar and mordant through the site , pass dozen of labor parent . mordant as soon as we have take over the world I be gonna change my name to Sir mordant . or how about major mordant ?! goldar how about Major moron ? ivan how about the two of you shut up and pay attention !! the entourage come to a stop , goldar and mordant can not believe what 's before they . mordant what be that ! include - a huge mechanical arm and leg extruding from the dirt . ivan feast you eye upon the exoskeleton of the barbaric hornitor ! ( to parent ) keep digging . the dreadful scorpitron should be close by . ( beat ) once I have my ecto -morphicon machine up and running , I shall annihilate angel grove ... and then ... the world angle on fred as he dart through the construction site , take care not to be see . he hunker down behind a stack of two - by-four , search the area . he spot he dad , speak under he breath . fred dad ...?! he glance around to make sure the coast be clear , then sprint off to where he dad be digging , grab he hand . fred we have to get out of here ! mr. kelman dig ... dig ... dig ... fred dad ?!... it 's I , Fred ! Mr. kelman just give Fred a blank stare . mr. kelman dig ... dig ... dig ... suddenly a arm fall on fred' shoulder . mordant ( o.s. ) gotchya ! Fred whip araund , find mordant stand behind he . he spring to action pull off a lightning quick iron hammer fist strike , a palm heel block , a front kick with jumping kick . mordant be get pummele . the last kick send he flying back into the dirt . Fred take off as goldar stand over mordant . mordant just shut you gap ! goldar do I say anything ? 60 omitted 60 61 int . command CENTER - day 61 Zordon be look more decrepit than ever . Alpha insert tube into a make- shift electronic contraption . alpha 5 by bounce ultra-high frequency off one of the network satellite , I can send a long - range pulsar signal to within two feet of the ranger coordinate . zordon ( with difficulty ) ... I just pray we be not too late . Alpha continue make adjustment . alpha 5 let 's give it a whirl . he flick a switch and the screen light up with static . the the same reporter we see at the open of the movie appear . reporter angel Grove Police have be field hundred of call from concerned citizen as the number of miss gerson continue to grow there 's more static , then ivan appear as the wizard . ivan hi , folk , Ivan ooze here . alpha 5 ai , yi , yi , yi , yi as Ivan speak we see mordant behind he wave into camera . ivan be you bored with you work ? be you bored with you family be you bored with you 1ife well , come on down to ooze City and let' get sticky ! 62 omitted 62 63 ext . rocky terrain - day 63 the group reach the crest of a ridge -- off in the background we can see the outline of the nathadian monolith . dulcea the monolith be there in the distance . the kid strain to get a better look . dulcea this be as far as I can take you . the kid be throw by this . KIMBERLY you be leave we ?! dulcea I have teach you all that I know . now you must achieve the ninjetti on you own . the kid share glance , not quite know what to say . dulcea it be say that once you have reach the power ... you have only ten triacs to release it . billy what 's a triac ? dulcea about twenty second in you time . tommy and how do we release the power ? dulcea the legend go that you release the power with the power . adam what do that mean ! dulcea that be a question that even I can not answer . ( beat ) remember , ten triacs . after that something bad will happen . KIMBERLY like ...how bad ? dulcea give they a grim look . dulcea they say the power will throw off a super-heate , radioactive fireball , instantly reduce you to ash and bit of char bone . aisha nod . aisha that 's pretty bad . tommy thank you , dulcea . for everything . dulcea catch she hand and six ranger put they hand on top of hers . dulcea ka'alabas tor nartu en'kata -tay . ( beat ) May you animal watch over you . 64 omitted 64 65 ext . chemical plant - day 65 the sky above the chemical plant be boiling with dark cloud . 56 int . chemical plant - day 66 the parent have finish assemble the steel tower -- thick cable run from the base to the skeletal head of hornitor and scorpitron . we see a group of parent fasten clear plastic pipe to the skeletal foot -- the pipe be attach to the vat of ooze . mordant videotape Ivan as he strut past a giant mechanical foot . ivan finally , after century of wait , my ecto-morphicon machine be ready to take on the world ! mordant get the camera a little too close to Ivan . ivan get that thing out of my face ! Ivan swat mordant and the camera fly up through the air and smashes against a wall . mordant oh , man , that be a rental ! angle on - fred watch from behind a generator , a alarmed look on he face . Ivan step up onto a platform . ivan mordant ... let the ooze flow ! mordant pull a lever and the ooze slither through the pipe and start filling out the giant exoskeleton . ivan goldar ... the roof ! goldar press a button and the roof of the plant roll OPEN , revealing the tumultuous skie above . ivan look like a fine day for raise hell ! Ivan hold he arm up to the heaven . ivan hecale mennipus libri magus ! the sky crackle with thunder and a jagged bolt of lightning streak down , zap the metal tower sending up a enormous eruption of SPARKS ! ivan bullseye ! electromagnetic charge TRAVEL the length of the cable and hit hornitor and scorpitron with searing blast of ENERGY . ivan life !! give my creature life ! mordant admire Ivan . mordant this guy be the King ! now the most amazing thing of all happen ... the scintillating behemoth awake from the dead , there eye and mouth open , there arm reaching upward . the beast roar out in thunderous rage . mordant 's hair literally stand on end -- he quickly retreat behind a drum . fred look on in horror . ivan parent of angel grove . all of they turn they attention to Ivan . ivan you have serve you purpose . now you will return to the construction site and leap to you demise ! the parent just stand there with blank expression . ivan what be you wait for ??... goldar tap he on the shoulder and he spin around . ivan what ! goldar you forget to say ' Simon say . " Ivan shake he head dismally . 67 ext . rope bridge - day 67 the ranger crest a hill and Adam , who 's in the lead , suddenly drop down - the other follow suit . they peer over the ridge -- they eye wide . before they , a tenuous rope bridge lead to a vast rock landing . the ocean rage below . on top of the island be the nathadian monolith . it 's a mind - boggle wonder from another time and place . between the ranger and the bridge , the tengu Warrior be on patrol . KIMBERLY man , this be the last guy I want to see . aisha whadda we do now ? kimberly survey the area . billy that 's the only way to the monolith ... rocky we can take this guy ! Tommy pull all of they into a huddle . 68 ext . rope bridge - day 68 the tengu be on full alert . one of they hear something , snap around , there 's nothing there . another tengu look down as a frog hop between he leg . he screech and stomp down he talone foot , miss the creature by inch . we hear a caw and the Queen tengu squint as she spot a falcon circle in the sky above . the Queen be perch on top of a 20 foot rock face . she look around hesitantly . now the ranger attack , some of they lunging off rock , other bursting out of crevice , other come over the wall . billy wield he whistling stick -- miss several time , then start bashing and thwacking the feathered beast . the Queen shoot a laser blast from she eye -- it explode before Tommy . kimberly battle another tengu and the creature force she back on to the rickety bridge . the Queen fire another blast . rocky look out ! Rocky dive , knock aisha away from the bolt . Adam and one of the tengu circle each other warily . adam the frog silently assess its target , then strike out ... suddenly the tengu be hurtle backward ten feet through the AIR . we do not even see Adam move . adam ... in the blink of a eye . Tommy step up behind a tengu . tommy yo , tweety ! the tengu turn around and Tommy whallop he with a spinning - heel kick . a tengu face down aisha and she go into a bear stance . aisha the bear be sturdy as a tower tree . nothing can uproot it . the tengu charge like a bull , slam into aisha . she hold fast and the bird explode into a cloud of feather . aisha bye , bye birdy . kimberly continue balance precariously on the bridge as she exchange blows with she foe . she finally drop into a crane stance ... then just like dulcea she leap through the AIR , execute a brutal spinning hell kick and send the birdman tumbling off the bridge . in a movement that seem to defy gravity , she land perfcctly back on the swinging bridge . KIMBERLY hasta la pasta , bigbird ! billy swing he stick , bash one of the tengu in the beak -- the creature explode into a cloud of feather ! billy AIM for there beak ! Tommy reach the top of a rack . he see a tengu make a kamikaze dive toward KIMBERLY . tommy dive , soaring thirty feet through the AIR -- he intercept the tengu and they spin toward earth together . they hit the ground and exchange blows as they fall over one another . Rocky slam another tengu in the beak , kablam -- the creature be obliterated . Tommy leap into the AIR , nail two tengu in the beak . they both burst in a explosion of feather . the Queen shoot another bolt of ENERGY -- a rock explode , showering the kide with shrapnel . aisha turn to Rocky . aisha it 's up to you . Rocky take a deep breath , go into a crouch position . incredibly he scale the wall in the same way he went up the pole . he flip over the top and land right before the Queen tengu . he look she dead in the eye . rocky polly wanna cracker ? with that , he execute a devastating spinning -heel kick and the Queen burst into oblivion . KIMBERLY all right , rocky ! instantly , the remain tengu retreat , squawking and cawwing in rage . the kid turn to eaeh other , share in a moment of triumph . adam we did it !! 72 ext . angel grove tower - day 72 we're on top of a high tower overlook the entire city there 's a burst of purple smoke -- Ivan , mordant and goldar appear . Ivan look out on the city , hold up he arm theatrically . ivan angel grove ... i'd like to introduce you to a couple of my nearest and dearest friend ... hornitor ! hornitor appear on the street roaring like a fiend . his enormous foot drop down and crush a car into oblivion . ivan and he trimetallic partner in crime ... scorpitron !! scorpitron appear on the street and bash in the side of a build , sending glass and debris everywhere . ivan the boy be back in town !!! goldar go ivan !! mordant turn to Ivan and throw he arm up in jubilation . mordant long live the booger man ! 73 int . command CENTER - day 73 Zordon , now barely alive , watch as Alpha make more adjustment to he contraption . alpha 5 that should do it . we will not be able to hear they , but they should be able to hear we . ( beat ) here go . there 's static and then we see the reporter again . news reporter ... the Mayor have declare a state of emergency and ask that the city be immediately evacuate . he have reiterate the need for everyone to remain calm . we see image of people scream there gut out as they clamber past camera . news reporter angel Grove have never before know such a crisis and we can now only pray for the swift arrival of the power ranger ! alpha 5 ay , yi , yi , yi ! Zordon speak in a whisper . zordon ... Alpha , keep try ! 74 74 through omitted through 75 75 75a ext . monolith - day 75 a the kid climb up on top of the rock bluff -- before they be a huge black monolith . there 's all sort of char bone and skeleton strewn around it , some of they human , some of they alien . they approach the massive block , stand before it in awe strike silence . in the middle of the monolith there 's a large circle with the six animal of the ninjetti carve into it . rocky ... the nathadian monolith ... kimberly look at all the bone -- instinctively put she hand on she animal symbol . KIMBERLY I guess this guy be not so lucky . a few of the kid walk around the monolith , examine it more closely . aisha we have come all this way for a rock wall ?! billy there should be a way to open it . billy &; Tommy latch they hand over the block , search for a open . billy ... nothing . rocky release the power with the power . Rocky step back , throws he shoulder into the monolith with a thump , wince in pain . aisha not that kind of power . the kid exchange discourage look . billy ... there have to be something we be miss . the kid look crestfallen . rocky it can not end like this ... suddenly a sizzle of electricity form in front of they . KIMBERLY what now ! the kid mouth 's fall open as ... a holographic image of zordon' withered face appear . he speak in a barely audible voice . zordon ranger ... Ivan have invade the city ... time be run out ... Zordon 's image flicker a few time then stabilize again . zordon each of you be now in possession of miraculous skill ... but only when the six become one will you have the strength to harness the great power . his image flicker then fade away . KIMBERLY zordon !! billy study the circle with zealous eye . tommy six become one ... the combine force of the ninjetti . rocky strength in number !! they silently assemble in a line , all of they interlock : hand . they face the monolith with fire in they eye . billy I be the wolf , cun and swift ! KIMBERLY I be the crane , agile and sublime ! aisha I be the bear , stalwart and bold ! adam I be the frog , quick as lightning ! rocky I be the mighty ape ! tommy and I be the falcon , wing Lord of the Sky ! rangers we ... be the ninjetti !!! a mysterious halo of light shroud the ranger and they dissapear into thin AIR . 75b omitted 75 B 75c int . monolith - day 75c the kid burst through a wall of light and come down together inside a vast cavern . there 's a pyramid shape steel object in the center of the room , a radiant light shining from it . aisha what happened ?! adam where be we ?! billy of course ! the power be of another world . another dimension . KIMBERLY we've got ten triacs before we're toast !! rocky that 's twenty second !! the kid advance toward the pyramid . tommy release the power with the power . aisha what do that mean ?! Adam notice they symbol be glow . billy we symbol . the kid ogle the radiant emblem . kimberly take hold of hers and it come off in she hand -- there 's a mirror on the other side . rocky ten second and count !! KIMBERLY it 's some kind of mirror ! kimberly look at she reflection and primp she hair . the other 's remove they symbol . aisha release the power with the power . billy I have get it ! we use the mirror to reflect the light back into itself !! rocky three second !! tommy let' do it !? all of they turn they mirror toward the pyramid . a beam of light shoot from the power ; into the mirror and back in to the power . we hear a rumbling SOUND as the earth start to shake . the ranger look to each other , horrify . then everything fall still and silent ... and then a miracle happen . we hear a harmonious , otherworldly chorus as the pyramid open up , revealing the most glorious source of light in the universe . the kid shield they eye from the brilliance , all of they wear wonder - strike expression . six beam of colored light shoot out and hit each of the rangers ... and there power rangers uniform materialize on they ! they visor be clear so we can see they face . tommy we have the great power !! now the symbol in they hand transform into ... rocky new power coin !! billy our morpher be on line ! aisha . we did it !! adam hang on , angel grove . KIMBERLY we're on our way ! they hit they communicator -- they instantly transform into six iridescent column of color and blast off . 75d ext . mountain side / phaedo - day 75d dulcea and snoggle watch as the column of color streak away from the planet , leave behind a rainbow with the six color of the power ranger . snoggle spherhlegnu . dulcea yes , snoggle ... they now have the great power of the ninjetti ! 76 ext . GEORGE STREET - night ( old sc 75b ) 76 we see the mass of parent as they march intently down a dark city street . 76a ext . angel grove park - ernie be - night ( old sc 64 ) 76 a Ernie 's be pack with craze kid and teenager who be rip the place apart . bulk and Skull watch while gorging themselves on pizza . bulk there go the neighborhood . skull a real shame . suddenly Fred appear and shout out . fred everybody , listen up ! the place fall silent . fred you have be brainwash ! this Ivan be no wizard . he 's some kind of demon ! kid # 4 shut up , squirt . kid # 3 you can not talk that way about we leader . enrage , they move in on Fred . fred you gotta believe I -- he 's evil ! the crowd get angrier . they move closer ... Fred gulp with fear ... glance around for help , he notice a hose . he lunge for it , crank on the water , and turn it on the crowd ! splash ! they get spraye down ! suddenly -- they stop in they track , slowly blink , confuse . the spell be break . we hear : " what 's go on ?! " " what be I do here ?! " , etc . fred listen to I ! we parent be in danger ! if we do not help they they be go to be kill ! he hurry off . a few follow he , then a few more ... until pretty soon everybody join he . bulk and Skull share a look . skull what about the pizza ? bulk consider the dilemma . bulk we could take it with we . Skull nod , relieved . they gather up the pizza and move off after the other . 77 omitted 77 78 int . command CENTER - night 78 the ranger materialize in the Command Center with they helmet off . aisha alpha ?! Alpha approach , speak in a anguish voice . alpha 5 ranger ... I be afraid you be too late . aisha what ?! alpha 5 Zordon ... he 's go . the ranger be too stunne to speak . they approach Zordon 's lifeless form look absolutely devastate . KIMBERLY ... this can not be ... they stare at Zordon with gut - wrenching expression . they be utterly defeat . eventually , Tommy look to the other and speak in a fervent voice . tommy " to that who possess the great power ... all thing be possible . " the kid gradually exchange zealous look . they form a circle around Zordon and interlock hand . they close they eye , bow they head ... after a long moment , a shimmering ENERGY begins to flow down from the rangers , into zordon' astral form . Zordon grow brighter and brighter and then there 's a dazzling , stroboscopic explosion . when the light fade we see the command CENTER back in its original , pristine form . Zordon 's youthful face once again look down from within he pillar of light , he eye fill with a fierce pride . rangers zordon !! zordon welcome back , kid . adam it 's good to be back . Alpha jump up and down like a child . alpha 5 he's alive ! he's alive ! KIMBERLY we think you ... zordon it 's good to see you again , too . Alpha see the ecto-morphicon machine on the viewing globe . alpha 5 ai , yi , yi , yi , yi Ivan 's ecto- morphicon machine be leveling the city ! rocky we have get news for you , Ivan ... tommy the power ranger be back in business !! they teleport out . 79 ext . angel grove tower - night 79 close on ivan as he turn into camera , a startle look on he face . ivan I ... smell ... he look down on the street as the column of light shoot down and the power rangers appear . ivan ( outrage ) power rangers ! 80 ext . CITY street 80 the ranger watch as hornitor and scorpitron come thundering down the street toward they . KIMBERLY what be that ?! we hear Alpha on Tommy 's wrist communicator . alpha 5 ( V. 0 . ) ranger , call for you new animal Zord ! tommy let 's do it ! one after another they click they new coin into they morpher and go into they stance . KIMBERLY ninja crane zord ! billy ninja wolf zord ! aisha ninja bear zord ! adam ninja frog zord ! rocky ninja ape zord ! tommy ninja falcon zord ! from the sky , the six new animal zord burst forth like thundering , mechanical god . the ranger look up at the towering assault vehicle in awe . 81 int . cockpit 81 we see various shot of the ranger dropping into they respective cockpit . 81a ext . monorail station - night ( old sc 69 ) 81a Fred , bulk and Skull watch a sleek monorail pull in . Skull talk with a mouth full of pizza . skull look , kid , I do not think you realize who you be deal with . fred I do not think he realize who he's deal with . the train glide to a complete stop and the door slide OPEN . fred everybody on board ! the youngster pile through the door , quickly fill up the entire monorail . 81b ext . CITY STREET 81b the parent round a corner , advance down the street like machine . 82 ext . the ecto -morphicon machine 82 attack with a relentless ferocity . there 's all kind of crashing and bashing and explosion ! there 's a blam , blam , blam as scorpitron repeatedly fire he cannon arm at the bear Zord , who in turn deflect the volley . hornitor shoot a blast from it 's stinger , the crane Zord dodge the fiery eruption . KIMBERLY ( V. o. ) Nice try , pinhead ! scorpitron repeatedly kick at the frog Zord with it 's blade feet , sending up oscillatory discharge , at the same time slashing with it's lethal claw . adam ( V. o. ) somebody back I up , here ! hornitor bore it's drill arm into the ape zord , sending explosion of SPARKS . rocky ( V. o. ) this thing be ferocious ! the bear Zord charge hornitor and the two mastodon go crashing backward . aisha ( v.o. ) the bear kick butt ! hornitor sear the Wolf Zord with it 's needle - nose . in retaliation , the Wolf Zord pounce , knocking hornitor into the STREET . now the falcon Zord swoops through the AIR . tommy ( v.o. ) head up ! he fire booster rocket , strafing scorpitron with a intense fusillade . hornitor get back up -- the ape Zord swing down from billboard , ram he feet first , send he catapult back . rocky ( v.o. ) hope you have get a good mechanic . scorpitron fire a volley at the frog Zord -- the Zord bound through the AIR , avoiding the blast , come crashing dow on top of scorpitron . the falcon Zord swoops in and blast scorpitron who blows up into a billion flaming particle ! KIMBERLY ( v.o. ) we got he !! ivan ( outrage ) this brat be ruin everything ! mordant and goldar watch popey as ivan' body stretch out like a huge piece of gum . he stretch and stretch until he head burst through the stomach of scorpitron . we hear a resounding SNAP as ivan' feet be released from the rooftop and he entire be spurt inside the gianth belly . now there 's all sort of gurgling and slurping sound as the monster 's face shape - shift into ivan' face ! he grin , revealing he silver tooth . ivan let 's tango ! tommy ( v.o. ) we need ninja megazord power , now ! there 's amazing pyrotechnics as five animal zord merge together and transform into the ninja megazord . 82a int . command CENTER 82a as Alpha watch the battle on the view globe , he do little jig . alpha 5 go , ranger ! go , ranger ! go , ranger ! go ! 83 int . megazord cockpit 83 the ranger be side by side , each of they handle different control . billy activate ninja megazord battle mode ! 84 ext . MAIN STREET 84 there 's plenty of grinding and scraping as the megazord rise up to its full , towering height . billy ( v.o. ) all system go ! KIMBERLY ( v.o. ) this guy be mess with the wrong teenager ! the behemoth charge each other and the mother of all battle begin . 85 ext . greenway STREET - night 85 the parent continue to advance through the city like robot . 86 omitted 86 87 ext . MAIN STREET - night 87 the battle continue . remarkably , this enormous machine pull off double punch , drop kick , roundhouse hook , spinback kick -- you name it ! KIMBERLY ( v.o. ) engaging knuckle rocket ! boom , boom , boom , boom -- the megazord strafe Ivan / scorpitron with exploding missile . ivan / colossus do not make I laugh ! Ivan / scorpitron singes the megazord with a devastating laser blast , sending it tumbling backward . rangers ( v.o. ) whoooaaahh !! the falcon Zord swoops in , strafing Ivan / scorpitron with gunfire . Ivan / scorpitron now turn to angel Grove Tower and grab hold of it . 88 ext . tower 88 mordant grab on to goldar . goldar I be outta here . mordant wait for I ! goldar take flight with mordant clinging desperately to one of he legs . goldar get off I ! mordant but i'm you cousin ! goldar second cousin , three time removed . now get off I ! 89 ext . MAIN STREET 89 Ivan / scorpitron rip the tower out and use it as a sword to battle the megazord . ivan / scorpitron UN garde ! the giant swing the tower , batter the megazord mercilessly . rocky ( v.o. ) power sword , now ! the power sword drop from the heavens , pierce the ground . megazord grip the handle , raise it to the sky . adam ( v.o. ) high power engage ! the sword be struck by thunderbolt and now the behemoth slash and parry with cataclysmic burst of SPARKS . Ivan / scorpitron take a swing and the tower smashes into monorail , shatter a twenty foot section of a overpass Ivan / scorpitron continue back the megazord toward a enormous power station . ivan / scorpitron time to recharge you battery , flower ranger ! he take a final , devastating blow , send megazord hurtling through the AIR and down into giant generator . there 's a apocalyptic firework display as ten million volt course through megazord . 90 int . cockpit 90 the kid be showered with SPARKS - electrical tentacles splay throughout the cockpit . rangers whooaaaaahhh !!! 90a omitted 90 a 91 ext . megazord 91 roll clear , smoke and SPARKS spitting from its joint . billy ( v.o. ) system malfunction ! aisha ( v.o. ) our semi - conductor be down ! ivan pick up the prostrate megazord , raise it over he head and throws it . ivan / colossus next stop , angel grove first national ! he hurtle the megazord into a build with a sign that " angel Grove first National Bank " . the entire side of the build be demolished . tommy ( v.o. ) one more blow like that and we be history ! 92 ext . the monorail 92 speed around a bend . 93 int . fred 93 look on in shock at the huge rupture in the track ahead . fred everybody hang on !! he yank the emergency cord . it do not work ! 94 ext . the train 94 the train head for the jag edge of the break track . 95 int . falcon zord cockpit Tommy throw he collective forward . tommy the monorail be in trouble ! I be go in ! 98 ext . the monorail 98 have almost reach the rupture . suddenly the falcon Zord swoops in and fill the rift . the monorail miraculously slide across the back of the zord and continue down the track . 99 int . monorail 99 Fred , bulk , Skull and the hundred of kid cheer wildly . we hear : " right on ! " , " all right power ranger ! " , " awesome ! " 100 ext . ivan / colossus 100 climb up a ten story building like a mechanical King Kong . 101 int . cockpit 101 the kid watch as Ivan reach the top of the building , gaze up at the stormy sky . rocky what 's he do ?! there 's more slurping and bubbling as hideous , bat - like wing erupt from he back . the wing fan out and Ivan / colossus dive into the AIR and soar up into the heavens . billy let 's go after he !! 102 int . falcon zord cockpit 102 tommy ultra ninja megazord complete ! 103 ext . megazord 103 the falcon Zord swoops down and latch on to the back of the megazord . now the megazord glow with a transcendental luminescence and glorious wing spread out from it's back . 104 int . megazord cockpit 104 Tommy drop into a seat beside the other ranger . tommy I be in ! billy let' fly ! billy throw a switch . 105 ext . megazord 105 the megazord take to the AIR with the grace of a Eagle . 106 ext . CITY STREET 106 Fred , bulk , Skull and the entourage of kid come rush toward the construction site . they can see the parent head toward the drop off . fred there they be ! bulk they be head for the cliff ! skull that 's gotta be a eighty foot drop ! kid # 3 whadda we do ?! Fred think for a moment , he eye settling on a large tanker truck . fred follow I !! 107 int . megazord cockpit 107 billy fix on a screen . adam we have get he lock ! billy speed ? aisha 1600 m.p.h. and increase ! tommy everybody hold on tight . we be gonna send this sucker into oblivion ! 108 ext . sky 108 kapaow !!! SPARKS explode and metal crunch as the two giant go catapult off into outer space . 109 int . snow globe / Zedd palace 109 Zedd and rita be now half - bury in snow , both of they blue in the face . as usual , rita be ranting away . rita you call yourself a hell -hound ?! a basset hound be more like it . if you be a real outlaw you would have get I out of this blizzard hour ago ! Zedd shake he head in misery . zedd this be the last time I marry a witch . Zedd and rita react as they see Ivan / colossus and megazord shoot out into the star . rita it 's Ivan and the megazord !! 110 ext . outer space 110 the two behemoth hurtle through space while pounding , slashing and ripping at each other . ivan / colossus nothing can defeat the power of darkness ! now Ivan / colossus go to town on megazord . whomp ! thwack ! crunch ! he smashes the machine mercilessly . 111 int . megazord cockpit 111 the cockpit fill with smoke , SPARKS erupt from panel , emergency light flash . billy we're breaking up ! 112 ext . outer space 112 Ivan / colossus bash the megazord so hard that the machine do multiple cartwheel through the cosmos . Ivan / colossus make a kamikaze - dive straight for megazord ivan / colossus slam dance , anyone ?! he bash the megazord , send it spiraling . 113 int . megazord flame erupt in the cockpit - everything shake and rattle adam he 's on we !! billy wait a second ... what time be it ? rocky two thirty three a.m. billy Ryan 's comet !! KIMBERLY what about it ? biily punch information into a keyboard . billy it 's pass over earth as we speak ! ( read screen ) trajectory coordinate be 009843 . adam billy , that 's brilliant ! KIMBERLY billy we get Ivan into the Comets path -- aisha -- and kabooom -- he 's space dust ! 113a ext . construction site 113a Fred be stand beside the water truck hold a large hose bulk and Skull be in the truck cabin try to start the engine . it turn over but it will not catch . fred come on ! come on ! the parent be now five foot from the drop off . bulk turn the key again and the engine start up . fred all right ! he lets it rip -- a powerful jet of water arc through the AIR and shower down on the parent . they be about a foot away from the drop when they come to a standstill , all of they share confuse look . there 's all sort of cheer as parent and kid be reunite . Fred run into he father 's arm . fred dad !! bulk turn to Skull , hold out he arm . bulk skull !! skull bulk !! they embrace -- Skull practically get crush by he burly friend . 114 omitted 114 115 int . snow globe / Zedd palace 115 Zedd and rita continue watch the battle from the snow globe . rita I hope that ranger put that lousy lowlife out of he misery ! zedd go power rangers ! 116 ext . outer space 116 Ivan / colossus slam into megazord again and the pair go twisting through the star . Ivan / colossus get the megazord into a lethal bear hug . ivan / colossus have you hugge you Zord today ? 117 int . megazord cockpit 117 KIMBERLY r.g.p. pressure be heading into the red ! tommy we're go to implode ! billy three degree off the comet trajectory ! rocky give it everything we've got ! all the ranger go to work . 118 118 through omitted through 118a 118a 119 ext . outer space 119 Ivan / colossus continue to squeeze megazord . we hear screeching metal and bursting valve . 120 int . command CENTER 120 Alpha and Zordon watch as Ivan / colossus bear hug megazord . alpha 5 ay , yi , yi ! the ranger be go to be crushed ! zordon do not lose hope yet , Alpha ! 121 int . megazord cockpit 121 billy 009843 ... 42 ... 41 ! we're in alignment ! rocky there's the comet ! we see a brilliant comet blazing straight toward we ! billy impact in fifteen second ! tommy we have to get out of here !! 122 ext . outer space 122 Ivan / colossus continue to squeeze megazord , oblivious to the comet bombing toward he . megazord struggle fiercely to break free . 123 int . megazord cockpit 123 adam we can't break free ! billy impact in EIGHT second ! aisha desperate time call for desperate measure . aisha open a metal switch cover . KIMBERLY what be you do ?! Inside be a red switch with a sign : " for emergency use only " aisha take care of business . she flick the switch . 124 ext . outer space 124 Ivan / colossus be about to crush megazord into oblivion when megazord 's knee suddenly rise with lightning speed and kick ivan / colossus right in the groin . Ivan / colossus release megazord and double over in pain . ivan / colossus yeeooooowww !!!! 125 int . megazord cockpit 125 aisha bull 's eye ! billy four second to impact ! tommy we're outta here ! 126 ext . outer space 126 megazord wing out of the way as the comet blast straight toward ivan / colossus . in the last second , he see the hurtling orb . ivan / colossus noooooooooooouoooo !!!! now we witness the explosion to end all explosion as Ivan / colossus be transformed into a billion flaming part hurtling through outer space . 127 int . megazord cockpit 127 the ranger all throw they hand up in triumph . rangers morphenomenal !! 128 int . command CENTER 128 Alpha leap for joy . alpha 5 hooray , power rangers !! 129 int . snow globe / Zedd palace 129 rita and Zedd both look immensely pleased . zedd that be a cheap shot ! rita we could not have do it better ourselves . kapow -- Zedd and rita appear back in Zedd palace in original size , both of they still cover in snow . 130 int . command CENTER - day 130 the ranger be gather around Zordon , hold they helmet in they hand . zordon ranger , by go after the great power , all of you knowingly put you life at extreme risk ... and in so do you not only save my life , you save all of angel Grove and the world from a reign of unthinkable terror . the ranger literally beam . Alpha hold up a camera . alpha 5 everybody say cheese . the kid share amused look and all together they leap in the AIR , pumping there fist up victoriously . rangers power rangers !!! we freeze frame . begin close credit . 131 int . Zedd palace - day - over close credit 131 rita and Zedd chase mordant and goldar around the palac blasting they with they staff . goldar what would we do ?! zedd it 's not what you did , it 's what you didn 't do ! mordant we try to rescue you every chance we have ! rita liar ! she whack goldar . goldar ouch !! rita do you know what it 's like to be stick in a blizzard for two day ?! mordant ... cold ? zedd be you try to be funny ?! Zedd blast mordant , singing he hairy behind . mordant hey , watch the hair !!! fade out .