mighty joe young written by Mark rosenthal &amp ; lawrence konner base on a screenplay by Ruth Rose Story by merian c. Cooper August 1997 final production draft for educational purpose only 1 ext . mountain range - day 1 the lush pangani Mountains of Africa , mysterious and seemingly untouched . 2 ext . pangani forest - day 2 a warm golden light bathes the jungle . shaft of sunlight filter through the forest floor . the sound of wild bird break the hushed quiet of the set . as we move in we find a large female mountain gorilla loung , eat leave in the dense undergrowth , she precocious baby gorilla play nearby . through camera lens a view of the mother gorilla , a few picture snapped . back to scene the photographer be RUTH young , naturalist , researcher , sit in the undergrowth with she camera , notebook , and sketch pad . her precocious young daughter , jill , play nearby . Jill smile , watch the baby gorilla clown . as the baby see she , he suddenly scamper to a nearby tree and hide he face behind it . Jill do the same . she peek out to catch a glimpse , just as the baby peek out to catch she eye . they both scamper to different tree . each time they move to a different tree , they go through this peek -a- boo interaction , both move further away from they mother . the mother gorilla notice , let out a cry . Ruth look around for Jill and signal by a distinctive whistle for she to come back this instant . both child take a last look at each other and then scurry to they wait mother . RUTH Jill . what do I tell you ? jill but Joe start it ! RUTH it 's not good for they to interact with we . ( gather she thing ) besides , that be not Joe . it be marley . ( continued ) 2 . 2 continued : 2 Jill help she mother heft the equipment as they start to head back to camp . jill no it be not . it be Joe . RUTH Joe be just a baby , Jill . he be too big to be Joe . as they walk , they can see the sunset over the mountain trail . jill check . check the picture . Ruth look down at she daughter , surprised by the confidence in she voice . 3 ext . equatorial sky - night 3 the Southern Cross above the horizon . the milky Way a dusty streak of white . a shoot star streak in a arc down to the -- mountain range the dark peak silhouett against the stellar glow . Pov shot charge through dense , primeval forest . we hear a eerie metallic jangle of what sound like wind chime riding right with we . something be move quickly up this mountain . 4 ext . pangani jungle - night 4 burst through frame -- a pack of mongrel hunt dog drive hard by a half dozen African man with rifle . poacher wield pangas ( machete ) . a glint of silver as a panga sweep across frame , hack at the wall of thistles and nettle . on dog eye yellow . teeth flare . the ringing sound make by tin square cut from can , tie by rawhide around they neck . clang-clang-clang . one poacher whip he panga again . ( continued ) 3. 4 continued : 4 punch in to reveal -- impale in the earth , a three - foot stick figure with a macabre animal skull for a head . the poacher shout in local dialect until -- a foul- look man , garth , push into frame . carry a heavy weatherby Mark V rifle across he back . garth yank the primitive doll from the ground . look back as -- a figure approach in the darkness . a glow cigar clench in he stain tooth , strasser check the doll over -- primitive , grotesque ; then snap it in two . toss it away contemptuously , he shout order in the local dialect . the man continue up the path . dog sweeping behind like a wildfire . clang-clang-clang . pan up over to -- 5 ext . forest - night 5 the ring of the dog collar float on a night breeze across a deep valley to the other side of the mountain , down to a ... clearing a small circle of hut form a campsite around a night fire . we go inside ... one of they -- 6 int . hut - night 6 Ruth Young 's hut . on one side be a makeshift field laboratory , highlight by a wall collage of photo -- family shot mix right in with gorilla shot . RUTH sit on the edge of a cot , tucking Jill into bed . she lean down , kiss Jill gently on she forehead . RUTH Jill , what make you think the gorilla we see today be Joe ? jill I be right , be not I ? ( continued ) 4. 6 continued : 6 RUTH my note say that Joe be only six month old . either I get confuse , or he 's a very unusual gorilla . jill ( sing -song ) I tell you so . RUTH yes , you do . and mommy 's go to write it down in she book . she hold up a dog-eare composition book , Ruth 's detailed log of she observation . RUTH right here . '... and my trust colleague , Dr. Jill Young , show I the error of my way . ' Jill smile . RUTH now go to sleep . Ruth begin sing a lullaby . RUTH ( sing ) ' sleep till the night end , the night wind will sing for you . you song and my song . it go on forever . ' as she sing , a man appear in the doorway . this be kweli , the camp manager . he seem nervous and impatient , but do not want to disturb Ruth . Jill see he . jill goodnight , kweli . Ruth turn . RUTH kweli ? what be it ? kweli you should come . quickly . as soon as she hear the word , Ruth be up . as she leave the hut , she grab she walk stick . ( continued ) 5 . 6 continued : ( 2 ) 6 jill mommy , can I ... RUTH stay here , Jill . Ruth exit , kweli behind she . Jill follow , despite she mother 's order ... but kweli feel she behind he . he turn around and crouch down , look Jill seriously in the face : kweli ( fatherly ) stay here , child . CUT to : 7 ext . hut 7 a group of bahatu tracker have gather in the center of the camp . they stand , silently , listen ... the distant chiming of the poach dog be unmistakable -- echoing in the night . Ruth walk into the circle , also listen . she turn to kweli . RUTH ( grimly ) poacher . kweli nod . all the man look at Ruth for a sign . RUTH ( in swahili , subtitle ) let 's go . Ruth lead they onto the forest path that go up the mountain . near hut Jill have not stay in bed . she have come out of the hut to watch the commotion . jill Pov her mother , silhouett by moonlight , in she mind larger - than - life , push up the trail . then she 's go . CUT to : 6 . 8 ext . pangani forest - night 8 strasser lead a breakneck pace through the wood . garth look around as the african begin to murmur something over and over . this man seem scared ... african ... and gai zamu !... and gai zamu !... garth step closer to keep up with strasser . garth they be at it again . strasser mystical nonsense . there 's only one thing they should be afraid of on this mountain . ( threaten , to the man ) and it 's stare they right in the face ! the man stare back at strasser with equal hostility . suddenly , garth kneel and pick something from the ground . rub it between he finger . deposit it in strasser 's hand . garth gorilla . we be close . 9 ext . base camp - night 9 Jill be pace by the hut , try to stay put like she mother say . finally she can stand it no more . she grab a long , stainless steel flashlight from a peg hang on the outside of the hut and run off ... 10 ext . forest - widen angle - night 10 the African man fan out . it get quiet fast . strasser and garth swing rifle down from they shoulder as they stalk . proficient hunt machine . extreme closeup - strasser his predator 's eye scan the moonlit green tapestry . one more step -- then a dry pok - pok - pok sound erupt from the bush . the dog bark madly -- clapper ringing . ( continued ) 7. 10 continued : 10 tree shake furiously . strasser spin to see several gorilla , darting from the tree , a blur of black shape try to escape up the mountain . close on one female the same one Ruth watch earlier . Joe cling tightly to she back , he eye wide with fear . joe' Pov a nightmarish collage of image accompany by the clanging of the dog ' collar , the charge of the African poacher , the scream of the mother and the other gorillas . then he see strasser run forward , raise he rifle with icy precision . through scope strasser have Joe 's mother dead on . her head in the cross-hair as she try to get away . the mother be raspy animal scream be unmistakably maternal , heart - break . it echoes across the mountain as she try to reach a deep stretch of wood . on she back , Joe turn once more to look back and see -- extreme closeup - strasser' trigger finger squeezing gently , the explosion of the shot rattle the forest . the mother' scream be CUT off sharply . on joe we see Joe throw through frame , tumble into the high grass . then , silence . strasser and garth crash through the dense foliage to retrieve the body . the dog snapping behind . clang-clang-clang . ( continued ) 8. 10 continued : ( 2 ) 10 garth ( shouting ) get the baby ! strasser ( shouting ) do not shoot it ! they want the baby alive !! bring the sack ! close on joe he scream wildly , dart back and forth , desperately look for he mother . joe' Pov through the tall grass in the b.g. , he can see the african disappear up the hill hunt down the other . back to scene and then we see Joe 's anguish turn to fury . he growls -- and as the two big hunter come nearer -- Joe spring out at they . Joe be move so fast , strasser barely have time to react before the furry black shape be on top of he -- widen as Joe attack strasser , knock he back . strasser shout and drop he rifle . tries to pull Joe off as they tumble down through the tree . strasser punch and pull at this ball of sinew and muscle . he reach for he Match master side arm with he right hand . punch in close as Joe bite down viciously through the hand . strasser howl ... angle on garth he have retrieve he rifle and be charge hard for he down companion . he look for a clear shot at Joe . pan right and rack focus as Ruth Young explode from the tree and flash past strasser , snatching Joe away . Joe be not quite sure what have happen , but he hang on to Ruth for dear life . strasser stagger forward , hold he mangle hand . enrage . he rip garth 's gun away from he and with he bloody hand , find a way to pull the trigger . shot rip through bark but Ruth disappear into the tree like a spirit . 9. 11 ext . forest - on jill - night 11 running but near exhaustion . hear a fusillade of gunshot -- Jill run faster , panic contort she face . she run desperately , swiping at branch , sting vine . another Pov something be run toward she . 12 ext . forest - night 12 Jill shine she flashlight into the forest . further up , someone wave a light back and forth . like a signal . Jill 's face light up . she continue run . suddenly , Jill be bowl over by Joe who leap into she arm . they roll on the ground , Jill with the wind knock out of she . they look into each other 's face and both know that the worst be happen . they be both silent with fear . strasser appear through the darkness . his right hand wrap in a bloody swath . deny the pain . garth follow , gun up . Jill and Joe lie hide in the undergrowth . Jill 's eye tell Joe not to make a sound . they barely breathe . jill Pov of strasser 's and garth 's boot . Jill can hear the sound of they voice , but they word be indistinct . back to scene strasser ( quietly ) she 's get to be here somewhere . she 's get that damn devil with she . garth ( matter -of - fact ) I think you might have hit the woman . strasser ( shrug ) this people want to live like heroes , let they die like heroes . ( continued ) 10 . 12 continued : 12 they be nearly on top of Jill and Joe , and they word be now crystal clear . strasser look at he bloody , wrap hand and stare vindictively into the dark forest around he . strasser that little demon take off my damn trigger finger . ( in roumanian ) monstrule ! garth you little ' monster ' could not have go far . want to keep look or ...? strasser ( in pain ) no . let 's get out of here . Jill and Joe lie still as stone as strasser and garth continue past . once they be go , Joe and Jill begin to breathe again . then , Jill see a light pop on in the darkness . she flash back . jill Mom ! RUTH ( o.s. ) ( whisper ) shhh ! Ruth suddenly emerge from the darkness . she collapse next to Jill in the undergrowth . jill ( whisper ) Mom , there be man , they ... RUTH I know , I know . shhh . extreme closeup - ruth's hand we see blood trickle down she finger . Ruth cover it quickly so Jill can not see . back to scene joe , cling to Jill , begin to whimper . RUTH oh , look who it be . hello , Joe . ( continued ) 11 . 12 continued : ( 2 ) 12 jill he 's scared . RUTH poor baby . he lose he mommy tonight . Ruth turn she attention from Joe to she daughter . RUTH he need someone to protect he . will you do that for I , Jill ? Jill be take aback by she mother 's behavior . she know something be wrong , but she do not know what it be . RUTH promise I you will protect he , Jill . jill I ... I promise . Ruth take Jill into she arm . she rock she back and forth , hum the lullaby we hear before . hold on -- -- the three of they , huddle together in the dense jungle , the lilt sound of Ruth 's lullaby drift through the night air . camera float up through the tree until it reveal and hold on the star-lit pangani sky . ruth's voice expand into a chorus of powerful african voice singing the same lullaby , now transformed into a inspirational hymn . dissolve to : 13 ext . grave site - day 13 music cue : ruth's voice become a chorus of powerful african voice singing the same lullaby in the local dialect . but now it 's become a powerful hymn -- sacred and inspirational . from the sky , flower petal of every color begin to fall . as they fall , they land on ... a wooden plank that simply read : " RUTH young . " ( continued ) 11a . 13 continued : 13 pan across to a adjacent marker that read : " dr . edward young " -- Jill 's parent now reunite on that great mountain . widen to camp cemetery . kweli lay Ruth 's walk stick across she grave . step back -- not even try to wipe away he tear . Jill stand bravely , sing through she break heart . kweli take she hand in he . Pov - from wood someone be watch all of this . stare directly at Jill . back to scene kweli look down at Jill . kweli do not worry , little one . I will take care of you . Jill nod , try to stifle she tear . but she be now stare into the wood , sense that she be be watch . kweli you will love live in the village . there be other child , and ... Jill pull she hand away from kweli 's and start walk toward the wood . kweli Jill ! but she ignore he , break into a run , draw inexorably toward the jungle . on kweli start after she at first , but then stop . he let she go . CUT to : 11b . a14 ext . pangani forest - day a14 Jill push she way through the brush , find Joe , wait for she . on jill Joe in she arm now , run through the wood as fast as she can , and we pull back and ... dissolve to : 14 ext . african landscape - aerial shot - day 14 Rolling foothills . Farms . give way to steeper slope . the mountain rise just beyond . 15 omitted 15 12 . 16 ext . african landscape - day 16 superimpose : 12 year later . a quickly - move dust cloud turn out to be -- humvee racing at breakneck speed over the dirt highway . drive by gregg o'hara -- anyone would consider he young , strong and handsome -- except that right now , it 's all hide under the grime from a long flight and a week 's growth of beard . Hair long , unkempt ; clothes wrinkle . Gregg pass four local man burn a clear in the wood for yet more farmland . push its way up the mountain side . the humvee be pack with equipment that rattle as Gregg hit every bump in the road . 17 ext . village - day 17 a tiny African village , just a main square with a bar , a school , a infirmary and a gas station . stand smack in the middle of the road be a East indian with a goatee , wrap -around Black fly , and a nike workout suit . Gregg 's humvee skid to a sharp stop in front of he . gregg you must be pindi . pindi flash he a broad smile . pindi the one and only , bro . CUT to : 17a ext . village - day 17a pindi be lead Gregg down a row of vehicle : two land rover , one with a strange - look seat attach to the front hood , and a old , flatbe lorry . a surly - look group of man lounge around on they . ( continued ) 13 . 17a continued : 17a pindi six man , three car ... everything you ask for , Mr. ohara . ( lowering he voice ) all pay for in advance , out of pindi 's pocket ... Gregg hold a envelope fill with cash in pindi 's face . he nod towards the nasty - look man . gregg sweet -look bunch of guy . pindi snatch the envelope -- but Gregg hold onto he end . gregg I ask for experience tracker . pindi this man be the best -- I assure you . very best . Gregg allow pindi to pull the envelope away . he immediately rifle through the cash , check to make sure it 's all there . Gregg eye pindi 's man suspiciously , then walk around to the back of he humvee and flip open the storage boot , revealing a array of animal - tracking gadgetry . pindi look over he shoulder as Gregg load a menace - look rifle . pindi Nice piece you get there . what be we hunt , elephant ? gregg we be not hunt anything . pindi see that Gregg be load the rifle with tran - quilizer dart . this confuse he , but he pretend to approve . pindi ah ! tranquilizer dart . I agree -- much nicer to animal than bullet . gregg ( indicate tranquilizer gun ) you man know how to use this , right ? ( continued ) 14 . 17a continued : ( 2 ) 17a pindi oh sure , boss . only professional here . Gregg carefully put the rifle back , then grab a pair of minolta 10x20 binocular . pindi so tell I , boss -- where be we go today ? on Gregg , pan across he field of vision with the binocular . he stop . gregg there . Pov through binoculars the high peak in the range , play hide and seek with the cloud . back to scene pindi 's man see where Gregg be point . they murmur , trading grim glance at each other . pindi jump with nerve . pindi there ? uh , boss , that be not such a good mountain . the man do not like it very much at all . you see there be a legend they believe in , that a creature life there ... Gregg 's back to check he equipment . gregg ' N'Gai Zamu . ' the sacred guardian of mount pangani . pindi look at Gregg , surprised he know this . pindi you know it ? how funny ! ( with dread ) that 's not , by any chance , what you be look for , be it , boss ? Gregg look from pindi 's nervous face to the serious face of the tracker . they be all watch he . ( continued ) 14a . 17a continued : ( 2a ) 17a gregg look for a legend ? no . why would I do that ? Gregg take the car key from pindi 's hand . ( continued ) 15 . 17a continued : ( 3 ) 17a gregg gimme that . off pindi -- not particularly thrilled ... CUT to : 18 ext . mountain road - day 18 the caravan trundle up a wind dirt road , into the mist - cover mountain . 19 omitted 19 20 ext . mountain - high meadow - day 20 the vehicle be circle in a clear . Three small audio dish have be position to triangulate the location of the slight sound . a infrared video cam be mount on a tripod . a geometric , field - assemble cage make of a impact-resistant , high - tensile steel alloy sit off to the side . 21 omitted 21 22 ext . meadow - day ( later ) 22 Gregg have earphone on , plugge into a backpack with a Sony digital recorder , listen . the sound be ambient and mysterious . pindi stand behind Gregg , watch he carefully . pindi what be you listen to ? gregg sound . pindi listen to the jungle . it be full of sound . something small make a rustling SOUND a few yard away . pindi like that right there ? gregg yup . pindi nod . ( continued ) 16 . 22 continued : 22 pindi I understand completely : jungle sound ! very important . I know a guy , he can get you a C.D. of jungle sound , cheap . even cheaper if you buy ten . Gregg put he hand up to signal for quiet . he hear something . he listen intently for a moment , then the whoosh of a spring trap blast he ear , follow by shout and the sound of a animal screeching . Gregg throw off the headphone , grab a strange - look pole call a DNA plug gun , and crash with pindi through the wood . Gregg run into frame to see several of pindi 's man close the cage on a lithe , young leopard . pindi ( beam ) how do you like that , boss ? I tell you this man be the best . Gregg kneel to inspect the leopard . he find it beautiful -- he face soften at the sight of it . gregg ( soothing , to leopard ) you be a beauty . carefully , he extend the DNA plug gun and prick the cat , startling it and cause all the man to jump . gregg ( stand ) okay , set he free . Gregg and pindi stand over the leopard . pindi offer he ersatz smile . pindi ( testing the water ) why ask for a cage if you be not keep the animal ? Gregg release the vial of blood from the DNA gun . gregg because I be only keep this . ( continued ) 17 . 22 continued : ( 2 ) 22 pindi yes , but I know a guy , in botswana , he would pay you ten thousand american dollar for that leopard . I would be willing to split with you -- fifty / fifty . greg ignore pindi . he 's busy transfer the vial to a container . pindi press on . pindi perhaps you be right . sixty to you , forty to I . that 's a very fair deal ! still no response from Gregg -- he 's log note into a book . pindi my goodness -- you be a excellent negotiator . okay , boss ! seventy / thirty it be . ( to he man ) take he to the truck . the man bend over and hoist the cage up -- but now Gregg block they way . gregg put the cat down ... now . Gregg be one scary - look bastard . the man drop the cage . pindi back -pedal . pindi ( " angry , " to he I n ) you hear he ... put it down ! ( to Gregg ) they never understand I . I do not know what to do ... pindi stop abruptly as he yammer be interrupt by the leopard , growling . SOUND cue : a low rumble . float on the wind like distant thunder . it seem to come as a answer to the young leopard 's cry . bird fly out of the tree above the cage . the man be spook . ( continued ) 18 . 22 continued : ( 3 ) 22 gregg quickly put on he headphone and listen to the amplify sound again . high - pitched scream -- then the rhythmic rondo of sharp pok - pok - pok - pok chestbeat . pindi be on the verge of panic . he force he trademark smile . pindi uh , excuse I . time to flee , right ? Pov - tree the top branch suddenly shake violently -- send a sharp wooden rattle across the meadow . be that a shadow from a pass cloud that seem to ripple through the foliage ? Gregg step closer . the tree bend like the wake of a boat -- they bend in a straight line . something powerful and unseen be move through the tree . pindi and he man retreat back in the meadow . Gregg scan the forest . branch spring with a loud whoosh ! Gregg can not help it -- he fear take over and he backstep into the meadow . widen shot up to the tree . catapult down through frame -- landing right in front of they be a gorilla -- nearly 15 foot high . the ground trembles from the force . a nearby land Rover bounce two foot into the air from the impact . his canine be fully expose . thick , black hair on he crest stand erect . deep brown eye aglow as he give another deafening call . this be joe . backlit by the sun he seem to encompass the forest . push in close on Gregg 's reaction . in complete awe . gregg do not anybody move . pindi ( frighten out of he wit ) how about ... I move ... just over here ... ( continued ) 19 . 22 continued : ( 4 ) 22 pindi scurries for cover behind the freeze , awe - stricken tracker . angle - joe move to the cage and peer inside . the leopard pace and hiss . Joe straighten up bi-pedally and pound he massive chest with he fist . the hollow pok - pok - pok echoes off the mountain . Joe raise he hand again and smashes the top off the cage , as if it be make of matchstick . the leopard leap out of the cage and dash safely into the forest . joe bare he tooth and roar at Gregg , as if to say " stay off my mountain . " his mission accomplish , Joe quickly turn and start back for tree cover . silence . everyone be open-mouthed , unable to believe what they have just see ... then greg snap out of it . burst into action , he run to the humvee , motion to pindi . gregg come on !! we be go after he ! pindi what be this ' we ' ? there be no way my man will ever agree to ... Gregg yell to the paralyze tracker : gregg ( in swahili ) Three time you price . ( in English ) triple you fee . that 's what it 's all about . the man get a move on , run for the vehicle as fast as they can . engine rev , door slam , as the tracker ready for the chase . all four car pull out . 22a omitted 22a 23 ext . meadow 23 all be silent for a moment , then Joe explode into frame . Joe hear the drone of engine -- turn to see -- ( continued ) 20 . 23 continued : 23 joe' Pov the caravan , look like the cavalry in a western , come charge over the hill . Gregg 's humvee come crash over a ridge in pursuit of Joe . Gregg yell out to the car around he : gregg herd he towards I ! I gotta get close . Gregg grab he DNA stick and grin at pindi . gregg Real close . pindi realize with a sicken feel that Gregg be have a major rush . another angle the lead car , a land Rover , come right up behind Joe . back to scene Joe -- sense the car next to he , turn and roar ... land rover the guy with the tranquilizer rifle panic and fire ! back on joe the dart hit he arm . uh oh . that be a mistake . int . land rover the tracker have just enough time to get a good look at Joe 's furious expression before ... wham ! Joe throw he shoulder into the side of the land Rover , send it tumble end over end into a ravine . on gregg disgust with the guy ' stupidity . ( continued ) 21-22. 23 continued : ( 2 ) 23 gregg experience tracker , my ass ! pindi shrug . the two of they watch as Joe continue run , then change direction and start head straight for they . the humvee have to swerve out of the way to avoid collide with Joe . follow joe as he book across the meadow in the opposite direction , now . the modify land Rover with the hot seat attach to the hood swerve around and chase Joe . they catch up , and the tracker climb into the hot seat , readying a metal clamp attach to a chain ... gregg try to yell across at he . gregg no , we do not want to ... too late , the guy 's slap the clamp onto Joe 's arm . Joe roar , try to shake off the chain , then speed up . the chain unspool rapidly , whipping out from the front of the modify land Rover . quickly , it grow taut and now the Rover be be pull by Joe . the driver slam on the brake with both foot , but all that do be tilt the front end upwards , digging up clod of dirt as they be drag along . joe feel the increase pull , and be start to get annoyed . he head right for ... stand of tree the guy in the hot seat be batter by branch and leave as they be drag through the tree . back on humvee now circle around the stand of tree , try to catch up with Joe when he emerge from the opposite side . gregg hold the wheel ! pindi ( terrify ) oh , sure . ( continued ) 23 . 23 continued : ( 3 ) 23 Gregg hand the wheel over to pindi as he reach for he DNA gun ... there Pov Joe have just emerge from the tree stand , drag the thoroughly - batter , modify land Rover and its daze occupant . Joe see the humvee head towards he . close on joe his brow furrow . be he come up with a plan ? he make a ninety degree turn ... back on gregg who be intently screwing a telescoping extension on the DNA plug gun . pindi gape at what Gregg be do . pindi I hope you be plan on throw that at he , because ... gregg pindi ! look out ! pindi look forward again just in time to see ... the chain pull taut between Joe and the modify land Rover , have become a move clothesline , and the humvee be head right into its path . pindi try to swerve , but they can not avoid it . he duck and ... Gregg leap out of the car , hurdle the chain , just as ... it shear the top right off the vehicle ! Gregg tumble to the ground , as the humvee roll to a stop nearby . meanwhile , the -- land rover be spinning out , still connect to Joe . Joe be almost curious about the chain . he begin to pull back as the modify land Rover circle he . the modify land Rover buck -- and for a second there be a standstill . then Joe yank ... ( continued ) 24 . 23 continued : ( 4 ) 23 and the chain , the winch , the tracker in the hot seat ... in fact , the entire axle of the modify land Rover , be pull from they mooring . the tracker rack up against a tree , follow closely by he chair and winch ... the axle tumble to a stop ... the land rover collapse like a stack of card . joe stand at the edge of the field , observe he victory . then he beat he chest and roar . in meadow pindi and he man run to the one remain car , the flatbe lorry . they all pile in and speed away across the field . pindi see something up ahead , yell at the driver . pindi stop ! the lorry screech to a halt , right next to Gregg , who be stumbling towards they . pindi hurry up , bro ! get in ! pindi watch as Gregg stumble around to the back of the truck . but instead of get in , he grab a silver case and pull it off . pindi Excuse I , boss , but please , I would like to avoid be kill . Gregg flip open the case , revealing a video camera . he hoist it up , and barely able to walk , take one last look at pindi and the bruise and bust - up tracker . gregg get that man down the mountain . they need help . Gregg take off after Joe . pindi can not believe it . pindi crazy Americans ! ( continued ) 24a . 23 continued : ( 5 ) 23 he slap the driver on the shoulder . pindi get we out of here . they peel out of there ... gregg's Pov stare down the path of crush growth that Joe have leave in he wake . he take a deep breath , then exhales . then he head off into the jungle . 24 ext . pangani forest - moving - day 24 follow Gregg down a wide trail of break limb lead into the densest part of the mountain . thorns and stinger scratch Gregg as he fight he way through . through video camera the green paradise of the mountain rush right at we . Bright blossom and strange insect . the sun diffuse in dagger of light . intercut with : ext . pangani forest - back with gregg - day Gregg climb over a fall tree . duck under some low branch . stop to catch he breath . he listen intently . take another step forward . hear a TWIG SNAP . through video camera pan right . Joe spring out from hide -- as gorilla love to do to enemy . he charge Gregg and cuff he onto he back . Joe be in full attack mode -- eye wide , tooth expose . he snatch Gregg by the foot . gregg scream as he 's jerk helplessly into the air . Joe shake Gregg viciously -- then whip he back and forth , knock he against a sapling . Gregg fight to free himself but he 's no match for Joe 's strength . he know Joe be go to hurt he badly -- maybe kill he . Joe cock he arm -- to crush Gregg against a wide tree trunk . ( continued ) 25 . 24 continued : 24 jill ( o.s. ) Joe ! stop ! Joe look surprised , catch with he hand in the cookie jar . gregg's upside - down Pov a beautiful young woman be stand ten foot from he . back to scene gregg oh , wow . jill Joe ... on Jill -- she look at Gregg like he 's the lowest form of life on earth . jill ... drop he . and Joe do , drop Gregg hard to the ground . on he head . CUT to black . 25 omitted 25 26 int . village infirmary - day 26 over black , we hear the murmur of voice , speak in swahili . picture fade up ... Pov shot looking up at kweli , 12 year older than we last see he . kweli look right into camera , then say something over he shoulder in swahili . reverse angle bruise and bandage , Gregg blink , try to bring he eye into focus . ( continued ) 26 . 26 continued : 26 gregg where be I ? kweli the infirmary . you have be unconscious for a entire night . you be lucky to be alive . Gregg wince as he slowly raise himself to he elbow . gregg strange , I do not feel lucky . he take in he surroundings ; a simple infirmary . through the open door , he can see the village he start he trip in . kweli you crash you vehicle . it be wait for you outside . gregg you be a injury behind . the kicker be get drop on my head by n'gai Zamu . kweli chuckle . gregg think that 's funny ? you should try it ? kweli N'Gai Zamu be just a legend , my friend . gregg no , he 's a giant gorilla with a mean backhand . there be also a woman ... Gregg try to get up . it 's a ordeal . kweli a woman ? ( continued ) 27 . 26 continued : ( 2 ) 26 gregg out in the jungle . she save my life . a beautiful woman . kweli give he a patronize smile . kweli you be dream , Mr. ohara . gregg no . I never remember my dream . Gregg sit up in bed and swing he foot to the floor . kweli turn and head for the door . kweli it would be wise for you to see a doctor in kimjayo . I take the liberty of call one for you . gregg do not need one . kweli but he be expect you . if you can drive , you should leave today . kweli walk out of the room . Gregg squint after he , sense that something be up . CUT to : 27 ext . infirmary - later 27 Gregg walk gingerly out of the infirmary , look like crap . he squint in the bright midday sun , then spot ... the humvee , a mere shadow of its former self , park right near the infirmary , cover with a tarp . Gregg pull the tarp back to find all he expensive equipment , a good deal of it break , pitchforked into the back . he scowl . he start rummage through the stuff , look for some - thing in particular . then he find it -- he video camera , cover with mud , but seemingly in good condi- tion . he push the record button . Light go on . still work . he pop open the tape slot , and he face fall . the video cassette have be remove . ( continued ) 28 . 27 continued : 27 gregg damnit . just then , a group of village schoolchild dash by Gregg . they be giggle , as if they have dare each other to run up to the stranger . they sing out the one English word they know as they pass : school child hello ! hello ! hello ! Gregg shake he head , smile , and follow they with he eye as they fly by like a flock of bird . he watch as they dart into the open air market , playfully knock aside a familiar individual : kweli . we watch from ... gregg's Pov as kweli step into a fruit stall , let the kid fly by he . then Gregg 's eye widen as a tall and lovely young woman step into view next to kweli . back to scene he watch as they shop together , realize that this be , in fact , the beautiful young woman who save he . 28 omitted 28 &amp ; &amp ; 28a 28a 29 ext . outdoor market - that moment 29 kweli and Jill have a familial ease with each other as they pick out they grocery . kweli we visitor must be feel better . he should be leave the infirmary today . Jill look up toward the infirmary and see Gregg lean against he truck , watch they . jill look like he just have . ( continued ) 29 . 29 continued : 29 Jill nod across the street . kweli look and see that Gregg be lean against he Jeep , arm fold across he chest , stare at they with a mixture of amusement and irritation . jill he 's walk so soon . Joe should have drop he harder . kweli he 's not a poacher , Jill . he 's work for a animal conservancy in California . jill ( shrug ) he can not be trust . he 's a outsider . kweli a grateful outsider . he tell I he be save yesterday by a woman . ( teasing Jill ) a beautiful woman . Jill look at kweli sharply , then back across the street at Gregg , whose eye continue to assess she . she look straight back at he , lock into he gaze . jill and what do you tell he ? kweli what could I tell he ? he know what he see . he 's not a fool . Jill and Gregg be still hold each other 's eye . jill I will be the judge of that . across the street , Gregg be break into a big , slow smile . it unnerve Jill . kweli , always Jill 's protector , catch the action between the two of they and bristle a bit -- but Jill have already turn she back and take off through the back of the market . 30 ext . pangani forest - day 30 if Ruth Young be suite to this wood , she daughter be bear to they . ( continued ) 29a . 30 continued : ( A1 ) 30 she hike through the forest effortlessly , as though it be she own back yard . as she walk near the bank of a river , however , she stop . she listen carefully , sense something out there , in the jungle . behind tree ( nearby ) Gregg , he video camera in one hand , stand stock still behind a tree , try to avoid be discover . he be absolutely drench in sweat , the long hike clearly much harder than Jill have make it look . ( continued ) 30 . 30 continued : 30 back to jill still listen . all she can hear be the familiar sound of the jungle . a moment pass , then she shake it off and keep move . CUT to : 31 ext . waterfall - continuous action 31 Jill come out into a clear , border by a large pool at the base of a magnificent waterfall . she pull a flashlight out of she back pack and , in the same motion she mother use to summon she , begin wave it back and forth into the surround forest . gregg watch this bizarre ritual , wonder what Jill could possibly be do . CUT to : joe' Pov - deep in wood the beam of light cut through the deep green darkness of the tree . back to scene Jill continue wave the flashlight , wait for a response . then , we hear the sound of something large approaching . on gregg the thunderous sound make he nervous ... on jill not so Jill . she wait calmly , at first , as the foot - step approach . then , as the branch begin to bend and break , and we get we first glimpse of fur , she smile . mighty Joe Young emerge from the brush , not growl , not threaten , but rather look like a puppy come to greet he master . ( continued ) 31 . 31 continued : 31 jill ( coo to Joe ) hey , handsome . how be you ? on gregg absolutely thunderstruck , watch in awe as the giant gorilla bow he head so Jill can scratch behind he ear . he make low , guttural sound that be the gorilla equivalent of a purr . Jill inspect Joe , check he to see if he 's okay . her voice be full of gentle concern and worry . jill what be you think yesterday , let that man see you ? do not do that again , okay ? please . ( praying to herself ) please . we see the fear in Jill 's face , know that Joe can not understand what she 's say . she shake it off and brighten . she give Joe a playful tussle , then cover she eye with she hand . jill one. two. three. four ... it take only a moment for Joe to respond . his eye open wide , he look in every direction then , suddenly , crash into the wood ! jill ... seven , eight , nine , ten . ( yell ) ready or not , here I come !! and Jill run into the wood after Joe . CUT to : 32 ext . pangani forest - day 32 Jill walk through the forest , search for Joe . it should be clear by now that they be play hide and seek . ( continued ) 31a . 32 continued : ( A1 ) 32 jill ( theatrically ) oh , my God ! I can not find Joe . where 's Joe ? she stomp around , pretend not to see he . of course , she know exactly where he be . he 's so big , the tree he 's stand behind barely hide one leg . close on joe he can not help peek . he love this . ( continued ) 32 . 32 continued : 32 Jill poke she head around every tree . jill come out , come out ... wherever you be ! then , pretend that she just spot he , she charge right at he . jill I find you ! joe roar , delighted by they game . Jill tussle with he , then get a mischievous look in she eye . jill bye-bye , Joe ! suddenly , she dash into the wood -- where she 's actually small enough to hide well . Joe pass by she , move through the foliage . in a moment we see how much he fear actually lose she -- he begin to whimper -- and spin around . he stand up to he full height , beat he chest and shake he head in frustration . he can not bear the idea that she be go . a beat , then Joe start tear bush out by they root , hunt for Jill . he see one BUSH rustling , go over and rip it out of the ground , revealing ... gregg stand there , completely expose , filming all this with he dent video camera . he look up at Joe tower over he . gregg oh boy . joe roar ! Gregg stumble backwards , trapping himself against a tree as Joe advance . remember what one should do when face with a enraged gorilla . Gregg avert he eye and roll into a ball , assume the submissive position . he 's like a pill bug , play dead , protect the back of he neck with he arm . Joe raise he mighty fist -- it look like he might smash Gregg anyway ... but then he hear Jill 's voice . ( continued ) 33. 32 continued : ( 2 ) 32 jill ( o.s. ) ( soothing ) Joe ! it 's okay . Joe stop and turn he head to Jill . jill now get out of here , joe. run. Joe look at she , not sure why she tone 's get so stern . jill run , joe. run! Joe look back at Gregg , still curl into a tight ball . he give he a playful , parting swat for good measure before obey Jill and run into the forest . the " little swat " be powerful enough to send Gregg roll like a croquet ball into a thicket of bush . painfully , he uncurl , pluck nettle out of he leg as Jill approach . gregg ( pull out a nettle ) nobody better try and tell I I imagine this . Jill reach down to Gregg . he think she 's offer he a hand up . jill anything break ? gregg ( check himself ) no ... no . I think I be ... oh . Gregg 's voice trail off as Jill reach for the video camera , not he . she examine the camera . jill hmm -- it look okay . I think it 's still work . gregg ( relieved ) oh -- good . jill well -- I can fix that . ( continued ) 34 . 32 continued : ( 3 ) 32 Jill smashes the camera into a tree , break it for good . she drop the piece onto the ground and take off . gregg ( call after she ) hey -- wait a minute ! 32a ext . river bank 32 a Jill be make good time down the rough terrain of the river bank . Gregg catch up to she . gregg hang on a second -- what 's the problem ? jill you . you be the problem . that 's the second time I have stop you from be rip in two -- and next time I be just go to watch . understand ? gregg ( appease ) you save I . I be grateful . now I just want to talk to you -- miss Young . Jill stop in she track and shoot Gregg a surprised look . he explain gently . gregg I know who you be . I read all you mother 's work . book ... note ... everything I could get a hold of . jill ( hide emotion ) so ? gregg so it 's why I be here . Jill give a short nod , accept this tribute . she turn back around and resume walk . Gregg follow , burst with question . ( continued ) 35 . 32a continued : 32a gregg she know about Joe ? do she have a theory on he ? how old be he ? I can not believe you keep he a secret all this year . how would you manage that ? jill by keep people like you off the mountain . gregg you get this all wrong . I want to help you . jill you be not help anybody here . you be just make matter worse . gregg how 's that ? jill this mountain will be crawl with people , thanks to you . you go back to wherever you be from , put the word out ... gregg the word be out . it 's do . I be not the only one who see he , remember ? rare animal mean big money and Joe 's as rare as they come . it 's go to be tough to protect he here . maybe impossible . Jill spin on he . jill ' here ' be Joe 's home . and ' here ' be where he must live . he do not have a choice . gregg that 's not true . place that send I could take care of Joe . they get the facility ... jill just what Joe need . a cage . ( continued ) 35a . 32a continued : ( 2 ) 32 a gregg not a cage , a preserve . a place where he will be free from poacher , free from land development ... jill but he will not be free . gregg how long do you think Joe will stay free here ? I be tell you there 's gonna be a hunt start on this mountain tomorrow . and I do not expect they will give it up until one of they bag the prize . you should think about it . Jill hate the ring of truth in Gregg 's word . she turn and take off down the mountain alone . CUT to : 33 omitted 33 34 ext . raha preserve and conservancy ( botswana ) - sunset 34 giraffe roam the grounds of a lush , private preserve , surround a large , opulent , main house . anderson ( o.s. ) quite a impressive facility you have here , Mr. strasser . 35 int . lodge - sunset 35 strasser sit in a leather chair , in a expensively - appoint room . his rough exterior have be polished by money , but he cold eye have not change . sitting across from he be anderson , the button -down director of the cascade Park Zoo . anderson tell I , why be it that you keep such a low profile about this wonderful place ? strasser we only interest be the well - be of we animal . ( continued ) 36 . 35 continued : 35 anderson ( satisfied ) well , I think I have come to the right place for Morris . Anderson put some photo on the coffee table . close on photo of a full - grow Bengal tiger , look miserable in a fairly small enclosure . we see insignia for the cascade Park Zoo on the fence around he . anderson you can see how depressed he be . he 's grow out of he habitat , and we zoo do not have the budget to do anything about it . that 's why he need a new home . strasser reach out to pick up the photo , and as he do ... close on strasser' hand a black leather glove- like apparatus with a thumb and forefinger in place that give the appearance of a whole , if menace , hand . strasser poor thing . yes , he will be much happier here on we preserve . back to the wild . free again . a door open behind Anderson . garth stick he head in the room . garth phone for you . urgent . strasser stand . strasser will you excuse I , Mr. Anderson ? strasser turn and follow garth through the door , into ... CUT to : 37 . 35a int . back room ( raha ) - continuous action 35 a ... a room that would give dear Mr. Anderson nightmare . a man in a white smock be package poach rhino horn into box . the box , label medical supplies , be be send to address in China . on another wall , in front of a bank of telephone , be a dry -erase board cover with animal name , and they respective price . strasser see what we friend in China will give we for a Bengal tiger , garth . strasser hand garth the photo of the tiger . garth look like a big fellah . ( excited , look at photo ) I will set a new record with you . strasser pick up one of the phone . he idly play with a rhino horn as he talk to pindi . strasser strasser . pindi ( o.s. ) it 's about time already ! you know how long I be wait ? a man can only carry so much change ... strasser ( irritate ) what do you want , pindi ? CUT to : 35b ext . village - sunset 35 B a small street of store -- all cover in brightly - paint advertisement . outside one store be a lone pay phone -- manned by pindi . pindi speak furtively , so as not to be overhear . intercut conversation . ( continued ) 38 . 35b continued : 35 B pindi not what I want , boss , what you want . how about a giant gorilla ? strasser talk . pindi Big as three man , two thousand pound , at least . strasser you have be drink , have not you ? pindi swear to God , boss . saw he with my own two eye . strasser do not waste my time again . on pindi there be a click on the line . ( continued ) 39 . 35b continued : 35 B pindi hello ? boss ... now a dial tone . pindi look at the phone . pindi I will catch he and charge you double , madar chode . pindi smashes the phone down on its cradle . CUT to : 36 ext . village - morning 36 in the center of the village , two truck of rough - look man be gassing up they vehicle . a third truck arrive from the other direction . it 's a poacher we recognize , one of pindi 's man , accompany by a half dozen other , all armed with rifle . angle on jill she step out in front of the poacher 's truck . the driver slam on the brake , stop within a inch of strike she . alarm , the poacher stand in he seat and scream at Jill . poacher stupid girl ! what do you think you be do ? Jill calmly walk up to the poacher 's side of the vehicle . jill I find this in the forest this morning . think maybe you drop it and might want it back . with that , Jill brazenly step forward and throw a net over he head . it 's a poacher 's net . enrage , the poacher slowly pull the net off he head . the other poacher find the scene hilarious . it infuriate Jill . jill poach be illegal ! get off this mountain ! ( continued ) 40 . 36 continued : 36 the poacher and he driver exchange a significant look . nodding to each other , they start to climb out of they truck , eye glaring at Jill ... kweli ( o.s. ) Jill ! Jill Young ! everyone turn to see kweli walk quickly towards they . kweli ( to Jill ) come here immediately ! you be need at the school this moment ! kweli be try to give she a way to save face . Jill know it , but she do not want to back down before the poacher . kweli snatch Jill by the elbow and drag she away . the poacher hiss and cat call . Jill walk away slowly . she want to make sure they know she 's not run . kweli hiss furiously into she ear : kweli we have to talk . now . 36a int . RUTH be hut - day 36 a this be Jill 's mother 's hut . it be full of significant memento -- she mother 's old bulletin board , photograph , research , etc . it feel homey . kweli , distraught with worry over Jill , rip a photo of she mother from the wall and shove it in front of she face . kweli you mother sleep in this bed . she work at this desk . she die in this jungle . do you plan to do everything just like she ? jill my mother would have be proud of what I do today . kweli ( angry ) proud ? of that foolishness out there ? of you risk you life ? ( continued ) 41 . 36a continued : 36 a jill she risk hers -- why should not I risk mine ? I be just do what I promise , and I promise to protect Joe . and I be go to do everything I can to stop the poacher ... kweli you can not stop they . ( more gently ) even she could not stop they . Jill hold the photo of she mother tightly in she hand . kweli Jill , the other gorilla have move south , to safer land ... but Joe have stay behind . jill they do not want he . they will not let he come . kweli maybe ... or maybe you will not let he go . jill ( sharply ) he need I . it 's only half the truth , and they both know the other half -- that Jill need Joe , too . kweli sigh . he put he hand protectively on Jill 's shoulder . kweli the danger here be building for both of you . I feel it -- and so do you . Jill look away . she know he 's right . kweli I know what the american be offer , Jill . Jill look into kweli 's eye . he must be very worried , to be check around like this . kweli think about what he have to say . that 's all I ask . kweli leave Jill to mull it over . 41a . 37 omitted 37 38 ext . gas pump - day 38 a poacher 's truck , carry six rowdy poacher , speed down the main street , kick up a cloud of dust . the dust cloud envelop Gregg , make he cough as he repack some of the damage equipment in he truck . ( continued ) 42 . 38 continued : 38 he hear more cough behind he and turn to find Jill at he shoulder . she have a troubled air about she -- clearly she be wrestle with something . jill leave ? Gregg nod , continue pack . gregg I be gonna head up the mountain . see if I can throw some of the poacher off the trail . jill ( dubious ) you think it will work ? gregg not for long . just try to buy you a little time , that 's all . with more of this bastard arrive every hour , I suggest you get Joe as deep into the jungle as you can -- as fast as you can . across the street at the bar , a chorus of cackle rise from a group of drunken poacher . the mere sound of they make Jill dig she finger into she arm with anxiety . she look across at the poacher -- and then back to Gregg , pack up . if she do not say this right now , this second , she never will . she snap . jill okay ! gregg okay what ? jill okay we will go . Gregg turn and look at she . gregg we ? jill I and Joe . to that place of yours in California . ( off Gregg 's look ) what ?! you do not think you could take he without I , do you ? ( continued ) 42a . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 Gregg stop pack to look squarely at Jill . gregg you be sure about this ? jill no . I be completely unsure about this . but I will do it . on one condition . gregg name it . jill I be in charge of Joe . gregg done . jill ( suspicious ) done ? just like that ? that be way too easy . gregg you be not a very trust soul be you , miss Young ? jill no , I be not . gregg ( sarcastic ) tough , be not it ? try to measure I up -- decide if I be a fraud ... jill ... or a fool . Gregg smile , half sour , half amused . gregg well , I would like to know if you be a bona fide lunatic or just a mix up monkey girl but -- but I guess we will have to take we chance and figure it out as we go along . Jill snort . Gregg look she straight in the eye . ( continued ) 42b . 38 continued : ( 3 ) 38 gregg come on , Jill . trust it . you will be in charge of Joe . ( extend hand ) let 's shake on it . jill I do not shake . that 's not how we make pact around here . gregg ( grow impatient ) alright , how do you make pact around here ? jill you have to endure a bite from a makiki spider . gregg a what ? jill you will have a high fever and hallucination . you will say thing -- lot of thing . we will hear what 's in you heart . then , if you intention prove true , the pact be make . Gregg nod to himself , consider . gregg a spider bite and hallucination ? jill that 's right . gregg then you will trust I and let I have Joe ? jill that 's right . well ? Gregg cock he head . gregg well ... I think ... that 's the biggest load of crap I have ever hear . Jill smile . she 's satisfied . this be the answer she be look for . ( continued ) 42c . 38 continued : ( 4 ) 38 jill good . maybe you be not a fool after all . Gregg scoff , realize she be only testing he . Jill turn and start walk away . Gregg call after she . gregg get you thing together . fast . we be get out of here as soon as we can . Gregg watch she go , head hold high like a queen . he chuckle to himself . it 's hard not to appreciate this girl . gregg ( to himself ) makiki spider . 39 ext . mountain trail - moving - day 39 Jill burst into frame -- racing at full stride , long hair flow -- so reminiscent of that little girl we see before -- a wild mixture of fluid grace and strength . the tree seem to fly apart behind she revealing Joe -- run with she . as if speed alone could make they enemy disappear . 40 ext . meadow - day 40 Jill watch the cloud rush by the mountaintop . Joe stand next to she , look out at the mountain valley where they have grow up together . wind sweep down from the peak . the tree bow and bend gracefully . to Jill , the mountain have never seem more beautiful . she look at Joe -- magnificent against the natural tableau of he world . she look at he , worry on she face about what be about to happen to he . he look at she try to understand . jill I do not know what else to do . crane up so we can see Joe and Jill against the edenic mountain vista . 42d . 40a ext . wildlife conservancy - mountain top - morning 40 a backlit against a blue sky . pan down as the wind rustle the tree and a flock of small bird appear and disappear like a storm cloud . continue down past a waterfall , as we come to a grassy field , then a moat , then , finally , a railing at the edge of a observation area . ( continued ) 43. 40a continued : 40 a now reveal that what we be look at be not , in fact , the African landscape , but rather a fabricate habitat , encircle by a sprawling campus of stucco building . worker in match uniform with the " california animal conservancy " logo on they , run back and forth , a hive of activity in anticipation of the new arrival . pull in on two of they , walk and talk : dr . harry ruben , the conservancy 's director and Chief Zoologist , and dr . cecily bank , a African - american veterinarian with long braid stuff under a baseball cap . harry this be crazy . all I say be , ' bring back some blood sample . ' so what do he bring back ? a giant gorilla . cecily do not even pretend to be upset , Harry . harry you know how much it cost to convert the tiger habitat ? try half we operate budget . cecily you will be on the cover of National geographic , Harry . harry hey , I just say it be crazy . I do not say it be not worth it . they continue walk , and we ... CUT to : 41 omitted 41 through through 44 44 45 ext . san diego freeway ramp - morning 45 a busy freeway , near Los Angeles . find a car with a California Animal conservancy logo on the side ... 44 . 46 int . car - moving 46 Gregg drive . Jill , almost bounce with anxiety and excitement , ride shotgun . jill there be more car on this road than I have see in my entire life , total . gregg welcome to L.A. Jill whip around in she car seat and peer anxiously through the back window . jill Pov we see the cab of a large trailer follow they car . back to scene jill ( anxious ) think he 's okay back there ? I think he 's okay back there . Three second pass . jill you think he 's okay back there ? gregg ( soothing ) do not worry . he 's do fine . jill sorry . I be a little tense . ( check behind she again ) yeah . I think he 's okay back there . gregg good . thanks for the update . Jill pull herself away from the back window and face front again . she stare out at the nondescript sprawl of great l.a . it look like non-place . there be no " there " there . ( continued ) 45 . 46 continued : 46 jill so this be L.A. ( perplex ) it all look the same . how do you know where you be ? gregg Beach be that way , mountain be that way , Mexico 's that way , Canada 's that way . do not worry about the rest -- you will never see it through the smog . Gregg glance over at Jill . she be drum she finger in she lap with nerve , not listen to a word he 's say . Gregg smile with empathetic amusement . gregg maybe you better check and see if Joe 's okay back there . Jill obediently whip around in she seat to check for Joe -- then realize Gregg be teasing . she settles back down , face front again . jill ( blush ) ha ha . 47 ext . san diego freeway ramp - continuous action 47 a livestock truck , same conservancy label , travel right behind Gregg and Jill 's vehicle . heavy , open air slat obscure the truck 's occupant , but we know who it be . joe' Pov - looking out traffic rush by , a buffete rush of air -- the strangeness of it all frighten Joe -- and make he curious . push in close on the air slat as Joe peer out again . Pov shot - minivan come into frame pass by the trailer . 45a . 47a int . minivan 47a a mom drive she son home from little league . she listen to a oldie station . he look out the window , bored . then he eye go wide . boy' Pov push in close on the trailer and Joe 's two big eye stare out . they lock eye momentarily . the boy be not sure if he 's see thing . then two enormous finger extend out from between the slat and wave at he . boy for the boy it be a beat of pure astonishment . as if a daydream come real for the moment . the trailer pull past leave the boy wide - eye , wonder . CUT to : 46 . 48 ext . california animal conservancy - day 48 Gregg and Jill 's car pull onto the grounds of the California Animal conservancy . a sprawling campus of stucco building and lifelike habitat , the conservancy be a state - of - the - art preserve . the car pass the main gate , where a worker in a conservancy uniform wave Gregg through . as the live - stock truck pull in behind they , the worker pick up he walkie-talkie . conservancy worker Main gate to Dr. bank . they be pull up now . CUT to : 49 ext . joe' habitat - day 49 cecily click off she walkie-talkie , turn and yell to anyone in earshot . cecily elvis be in the building ! I repeat , elvis be in the building ... on she order , worker in match conservancy uniform start move into position around Joe 's habitat . near observation area a crane be lowering a platform into place that will straddle the moat . Harry scowl , seemingly unable to enjoy the moment . cecily you hear that , Harry ? from around the conservancy , we can hear the sound of the other animal , screeching , snarling , bellowing ... cecily they smell he . harry Gregg , or the gorilla ? they both turn as ... ( continued ) 47 . 49 continued : 49 conservancy car pull up right in front of they . Gregg get out first . harry I be confuse , o'hara . you phone we to say you be bring back a two thousand pound wild animal ... gregg hello , Harry . cecily . cecily ( affectionate ) welcome back , baby . harry ... but security tell I you have request no firehose , no restraint of any kind ... gregg let I introduce you to ... harry how be we suppose to control the animal ? with a giant , roll -up ... Harry trail off as Jill get out of the car . harry ... newspaper ? Harry be not prepare for somebody this young and beautiful . neither be cecily . they raise they eyebrow at Gregg . gregg Jill Young , Dr. Harry ruben -- he run the place -- and Dr. cecily bank , who make sure he do not screw it up . cecily ( chuckle ) Chief veterinarian . hi. Jill step forward , shy and polite . she extend she hand . jill hello . it 's a privilege to meet you both . ( continued ) 48 . 49 continued : ( 2 ) 49 Harry be too flustered by Jill to say a word . he just manage a weird little smile and a sound that 's not English . just then , a bang and a loud growl come out of the trailer . Harry and cecily almost jump out of they skin . jill come , Joe ! hold on ! ( to Harry ) I think he would like to come out now -- if you do not mind . harry ( stammer , scared ) mind ? no , of course I do not mind . Jill and Gregg look at each other , excited . this be the moment they have be wait for . they grin at each other . gregg Harry ? I think it 's time you meet Joe . they start move to the trailer ... harry hold it ! Harry whirl around and wave over a pair of nerdy , grad - school - geek conservancy worker , jack and vern . they run eagerly forward to take order . they gawk at Jill , each one instantly decide she be the woman of they dream . Harry bark at they , bring they back to attention . harry Jack ? vern ? get the sedative ready . jill ( quickly ) we will not need any of that . harry miss Young , we know what we be do here , and the best way to ... Gregg step forward . gregg Harry -- you and I make a agreement . the lady 's in charge of Joe . 49 . 50 ext . back of trailer 50 Jack and vern nervously raise the gate to the back of the trailer . the gate lay flat against a retractable plank that create a bridge to the habitat . joe growls softly from inside . jack easy , big boy . vern do not forget who 's gonna feed you . they raise the gate completely . Jill come up behind they . jill I will take it from here . Jack and vern be only too happy to let Jill take over . joe' Pov - from trailer door he can hear Jill but see only she silhouette at first ... and the lush greenery behind she . he growls ... the entire staff , other than Gregg , take one step back - ward . Harry whisper in he ear . harry you sure she know what she 's do ? Gregg 's watch Jill with quiet admiration . gregg she know . back by trailer Jill keep coax Joe . jill come on , Joe . come on , big guy . shadow pass over the staff of the conservancy . a look of absolute wonderment on every face as Joe emerge from the trailer . cecily nudge Harry , whose jaw be slack . Gregg see this reaction , and beam . ( continued ) 50 . 50 continued : 50 by trailer Joe take a step forward . he look out across the plat - form into the sanctuary -- take in the familiar tree and flower the staff have plant for he . on harry and cecily completely overwhelm by the sight of this massive creature . cecily manage a few word . cecily that be one , big gorilla . back to joe his head turn sideways at the sound of she voice . a tense moment , as Joe glare at the assemble crowd . he be magnificent . awesome . stagger . Harry know a photo - op when he see one . he whisper loudly to vern : harry hey ! what do I pay you for ? get some shot -- of I , too . vern pick up a camera and scramble to get into position -- but he 's so nervous that he trip , sprawling on the ground and startling Joe . Joe turn and scamper back into the trailer . vern get back on he foot , red-face . Jill glare at Harry . Gregg just chuckle at the stupidity . Harry blame vern . harry what -- he do it . by trailer Jill walk to the edge of the trailer . she coo into the darken interior . jill come on , ya big baby . come on back . do I have to come in there and get you myself ? she head into the trailer after he . Harry and cecily exchange incredulous look . ( continued ) 51 . 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 inside trailer we can hear joe make panting and hooting sound , almost as if he be try to reason with Jill . Jill coo and make she own soothing sigh and sound . they noise bounce off the metal trailer wall . outside trailer everyone exchange curious glance . miss Young be one strange girl . Gregg just smile . a moment pass -- and then the trailer begin to rock as Jill back out of it , follow by Joe . she lead he , walk backwards , down the platform , then step off so he can pass . jill ( soothing ) that 's it . that -a-boy . Joe hesitantly take a few step forward on he own . gregg ( under he breath ) go on , Joe . go on . everyone hold they breath as Joe complete the crossing . Gregg look over at Jill . her eye be glisten . Joe head up through the back of the habitat , already investigate he new home . everyone exhales . harry alright . take the platform away . Jill be instantly alarmed . she turn to Harry . jill hold on -- I be go in with he . Harry shake he head and motion for the worker to proceed with remove the platform . harry no . we can not allow that . we do not have insurance to cover anyone in there who 's not a employee . gregg Harry ... ( continued ) 52 . 50 continued : ( 3 ) 50 jill but you say -- I be in charge of Joe . harry yes . and I be in charge of this facility . Jill look over at Gregg , distraught . Gregg shake he head , disgust -- he see exactly where this be go . 50a int . hallway of conservancy condo - day 50 a Jill and Gregg be at a door that Gregg be unlock . Jill pace angrily and storm through the door as Gregg open it . camera follows Gregg in . he 's carry she bag . jill ( imitate Harry ) ' I be in charge of this facility . ' who be that guy ? I bet that man have not spend one night outside in he entire life . gregg probably not . jill you say I be go to be in charge of Joe . I should be sleep down there , with he , not in this ... this ... ( take in the space ) cage . Gregg be grim and quiet . he think what she 's say be true . he set she bag down , detest the antiseptic space as much as she do . feeling claustrophobic , Jill dash to the window and try to open it . it 's a double - pane window . the top do not open at all -- the bottom crank open three inch , barely let in air . Jill push on the window , horrify ? jill what 's wrong with this window ? ( push on it ) that 's all it open ? that 's all ? ( more ) ( continued ) 53. 50a continued : 50 a jill ( cont 'd ) ( grow breathless ) this be wrong . this be all wrong ... ( plead ) please , fix it , or do something ... it only take a second . Gregg grab a pillow from the couch and lay it against the top portion of the window . he give it one swift karate chop , break out the glass . he methodically break out the remain shard , dust off the pillow , and carefully replace it on the couch . Jill just stare at he , open-mouthed . Gregg look she straight in the eye . gregg ( quietly ) I will do everything I can for you . they hold each other 's eye . jill ( small voice ) thank you . Gregg walk out . 50b ext . conservancy - night 50 B the conservancy be quiet at night , except for the occasional animal sound rise into the air . 54 . 50c int . jill condo - night 50c Jill lean on she elbow , stare out she recently - break window , a lose look on she face . 51 omitted 51 51a ext . joe' habitat - that moment 51a the camera leave Jill 's window and find Joe , sit in he man-made grassy field , look equally lose and lonely . he be unsure of what to do with himself , confuse by he surroundings . pan to : 51b ext . joe' habitat - another angle - that moment 51b the camera find Gregg , lean against the bar at the edge of the moat . his face be soft as he watch Joe . Joe list he mammoth head and look up towards the right corner of he habitat . Gregg follow Joe 's eyeline and see that Joe be look at a transformer . the electric buzz reach Gregg 's ear ... and he become aware of it in a new way . he hear its hum the way Joe hear it -- strange , menace . Gregg shake he head to himself -- why do not the designer pay attention to this ? he look back at Joe , almost apologetically , and be startle to find that : Joe be look back at he . it be the first time this two have have real eye contact , and for Gregg it be almost overwhelming . man and beast read each other 's face , and it be in this moment that the giant ape become more than a phenomenon to Gregg . Gregg finally feel some of what Jill have be feel . he connect to Joe . and Joe connect to Gregg . it 's just a blink of the eye , a turn of the head -- but it 's there . and they both feel it . 51c omitted 51c through through 54 54 fade out . 55 . fade in : 55 ext . conservancy - next morning 55 cecily run up to the front of the main building , where Harry be wait for she . cecily where 's Gregg ? harry beat I . he collect he pay check . he 's probably in some jungle by now , not use deodorant . cecily I think he should be here . this be he discovery , after all . harry Excuse I , Gregg 's expertise be pitching tent , not explain primate behavior to the Chairman of the conservancy board . cecily ( disgust ) know what I think , Harry ? harry I have a feel I be gonna find out . cecily I think you be jealous . harry ( o.s. ) of Gregg ? do not be ridiculous . ( beat ) I be crippled with envy . in the distance , we see a cadillac approach on the conservancy roadway . harry just once I want to go into the field and find a new species ... mollusk , anything . instead , he make the zoological discovery of the century . cecily and he still have a full head of hair . ( continued ) 56 . 55 continued : 55 harry that 's not funny . cecily nod to the road . cecily head up . the cadillac come to a stop in front of they . a distinguished man in a business suit step out . this be elliot baker , the Chairman of the board . harry elliot . good to see you again . baker Harry . Dr. bank . he clap he hand together . baker so ? let 's go see he . cecily right this way . 56 int . conservancy near joe' habitat - day 56 Harry and cecily walk with a conservative - look man in he fifty , elliot Baker , the Chairman of the board of the conservancy . Harry be work for brownie point , excitedly point out he " important role " in discover Joe . harry I always have a suspicion that the legend come out of the pangani forest might have some truth to it . it be just a hunch -- sort of a gut feel -- but I send my field zoologist to check it out . cecily shoot a look at Harry . she 's not go to let he grab the glory away from Gregg . cecily that field zoologist , Dr. o'hara , have a theory -- and Joe 's blood work confirm it . the gorilla in the pangani carry a recessive gene that pop up every four or five generation with this rare form of gigantism . ( continued ) 57 . 56 continued : 56 baker ( excited ) and that 's where the legend come from ! that zoologist of yours -- what 's he name , Harry ? harry ( begrudge ) Gregg o'hara . baker pretty damn sharp . this kill Harry . cecily snicker . they arrive at the fence surround Joe 's habitat . harry here we be . they walk up to the observation railing . Baker crane he neck . Joe 's nowhere to be see . baker where be he ? harry ( call ) Joe ! here , Joe ! ( apologetic joke to Baker ) I tell he the Chairman of the board be come and he promise to come say ' hi . ' cecily gap and mouth " kiss ass " behind Baker 's back . baker well I do not see he . harry mmmm . we will feed he . that will get he to come out . cecily uh , Harry ... harry I know what I be do . let 's open the gate . cecily hesitantly pull out she key to the security gate . 57 omitted 57 &amp ; &amp ; 58 58 57a . 58a omitted 58a 58b int . jill apartment - day 58b mementos , photo , and fabric from home be strewn around , already add Jill 's warmth and personality to the place . Jill be stand at the window hang a African piece of fabric as a makeshift curtain when a pierce alarm ring out over the compound . worried by the urgent sound of the alarm , Jill step down and hurry out the door . 58c ext . conservancy ground - day 58c Jill run out of the building and almost collide with Gregg , who be rush in .. gregg I be come to get you . jill what be that noise ? gregg come on ! the two of they rush off across the compound . as they do , they pass ... 59 jill be Pov - bunker 59 a concrete building that 's use to lock down wild animal . Jill watch , nervously , as conservancy worker with tranquilizer rifle stream out of the building and jump into vehicle , head toward Joe 's habitat . CUT to : 60 ext . joe' habitat - day 60 Jill and Gregg drive up to the habitat . as they come close , Gregg find cecily . gregg what the hell be go on ? cecily it 's Joe , he 's go crazy ! Jill and Gregg follow cecily towards ... ( continued ) 58-59 . 60 continued : 60 joe' habitat conservancy worker have enter Joe 's habitat and have they gun train on -- joe who be stand in a clear , snarling and beat he chest . which be scare the crap out of ... harry who , white as a sheet , hide behind a tree , he hand shaking . he do not dare move a inch , for fear Joe will spot he . by gate the conservancy worker be raise they tranq rifle , about to fire , when ... gregg stop ! Jill and Gregg come run up behind they . Jill yell to Harry . ( continued ) 60 . 60 continued : 60 jill Harry ! jump out from behind the tree ! he shake he head . no way he 's gonna jump in front of that gorilla . jill jump out and say ' you find I !' gregg do it , Harry ! Joe grab a bush and tear it from the ground ... the guard aim they rifle , finger on triggers ... and Harry , have nothing to lose but he life , jump out from behind the tree ... harry you find I ! there be a tense moment , then ... Joe stop growl . in the next instant , he start spin in a circle , gleefully . then he dash off and hide behind a very tiny tree . on harry completely confuse . Jill walk up to he . jill he 's play hide and seek . Jill start root around in the tree , pretend not to see Joe . jill okay , where be you ? come out , big guy ! where would he go ? ( find he ) there you be ! he scream with delight , and spin in a circle again . as it dawns on everyone that she 's actually right , and that he 's really play , the guard start to lower they gun . then they start laugh . a embarrassed Harry slink by Gregg , who can not help but chuckle as he leave . 61 . 61 ext . joe' habitat - continuous action 61 a exhaust Harry catch he breath at the gate around the habitat . Baker have a thoughtful look on he face . baker put that girl in charge of the gorilla , Harry . harry what ? elliot , she 's get no scientific ... baker that ape be the best fund - raise tool this conservancy have ever see . he 's happy -- I be happy . put she on the payroll . Baker turn and walk away . 62 ext . joe' habitat - continuous action 62 Gregg and cecily watch as Jill play hide and seek with Joe . Jill dash away and run over to Gregg . she be absolutely glow , bounce around with happiness . she grab both he arm , jump up and down . jill he 's play ! do you see ? gregg ( laugh ) I see . jill he like it here ! be not it great ? gregg it 's great . Jill surprise Gregg by give he a hug . Gregg look over she shoulder and see that Joe be give he the evil eye . he 's jealous . Gregg stare back , equally challenging . Jill , unaware of the competition , let go of Gregg and happily run back to Joe . Gregg and Joe continue to hold each other 's eye . cecily sigh and shake she head . cecily sorry , babe , but in a pissing match the monkey kick you ass . ( continued ) 62 . 62 continued : 62 gregg what be you talk about ? cecily oh please . I be wonder why you have not take off yet . normally , you be out the door soon as the animal 's in he habitat . gregg you have get a active imagination , cecily . cecily I do not think so . I think Mr. World Traveller have goo- goo eye for the gorilla girl . Gregg scoff . but from the look on he face , it 's clear she 's hit a nerve . 63 int . jill apartment - day 63 a knock at Jill 's apartment door . she open it and light up to see Gregg stand there . Gregg look past she into the room . she 's make some change ; the bed 's on the floor and a few large pot fern crowd the room . gregg like what you have do with the place . jill too bad it 's always so cold -- somebody break my window . she smile at he and motion for he to come in . Gregg step just inside the door and stop . gregg I just come by to tell you that I think Joe look real good out there ... jill I know ! this be work out -- better than I expect . gregg ... and that I be hit the road . Jill look at Gregg keenly . he 's act like he 's get something to tell she . ( continued ) 63. 63 continued : 63 jill where you go ? gregg back to Africa . ( pause ) for a couple of month . Jill stay light . jill no kid ? when do you leave ? gregg now . Jill just nod . Gregg be struggle -- this be more difficult than it 's ever be for he . he try to be nonchalant ... gregg it 's the job , y'know . always on the road . it 's what I like , anyway -- can not stand to be cage up ... they meet eye . they both know what that mean . gregg you and Joe will be okay ... Jill shrug , act like she do not care either . jill oh -- of course . gregg yeah . well ... jill gregg ( overlap ) ( overlap ) see you when you get back . I will call you . 63a . 63a int . conservancy condo - hallway - continuous action 63a Gregg turn and head back down the hall . Jill stick she head out and call after he . jill ( bite ) say hello to Africa for I . she slam the door to she apartment . Gregg freeze for a moment , then continue down the hallway alone . fade out . fade in : 64 ext . outside joe' habitat - day 64 a CNN reporter deliver a remote . reporter ( v.o. ) ... behind I you see the habitat of what expert be call one of the most important zoological find of this century . this be the home of what 's believe to be the world 's large primate -- a two thousand pound gorilla name Joe . we see a shot of Joe , in he habitat , with a conservancy worker in the f.g. , for scale . reporter ( v.o. ) Joe have be at the California Animal conservancy for a little more than a month now . he be bring here from Africa by Dr. Gregory o'hara . accord to Dr. o'hara ... pull back from the screen to reveal ... CUT to : int . raha preserve and conservancy ( botswana ) - evening strasser , in the main room of he preserve , watch the news report , absolutely rivete . he be polish a leather object that we can not clearly make out . garth stand behind he . strasser be on the edge of he seat , watch the screen . ( continued ) 63b . 64 continued : 64 strasser ( amaze ) my god. pindi be right . reporter ( v.o. ) ... Joe 's remarkable size make he a natural target for poacher . fortunately the California Animal conservancy 's program in ... the program continue with more shot of Joe . strasser be overcome with desire . strasser ( transfix ) he 's beautiful . the most beautiful animal I have ever see . garth and the most valuable , that 's for sure . strasser I want he . he belong here with I . garth ( think it over ) it will be a bit tricky , will not it ? they be not gonna want to part with ... strasser wait ! be quiet ! strasser point to the television ... on tv intercut with shot of Joe be shot of the conservancy staff . Jill be among they , and she look of displeasure with the photograph of Joe make she stand out from the staff . this shot be replace with side by side photograph of Jill and she mother , Ruth . reporter ( v.o. ) ... be raise from infancy by Jill Young , the daughter of fame primatologist Ruth Young . they closeness stem from a tragic bond . ( more ) ( continued ) 64 . 64 continued : ( 2 ) 64 reporter ( v.o.cont 'd ) both Joe and Jill 's mother be kill by poacher , twelve year ago , in the pangani Forest , orphane they on the same night . on strasser emotion surging through he . he realize now , all at once , exactly who Joe and Jill be . garth ( surprised ) bloody hell . that 's the little monster that ... garth stop abruptly , glance at strasser 's hand . he know better than to mention it directly . strasser look down ... closeup - strasser' hand tan , manicure , and miss the thumb and forefinger . the leather he 's be polish this whole time be he prosthetic hand . he strap it back on . strasser ( softly , to himself ) I be always amaze how , if you wait long enough , the opportunity for justice finally come . garth watch he boss , who seem lose in he private dream of revenge . it 's a moment before strasser look back at he . strasser Book we two ticket to America . we be go to pay a visit to this incredible animal . he look back at the tv , where Jill be on screen . strasser I think I know how to convince he current owner to part with he . and on that forebode note ... CUT to : 65 . 65 omitted 65 through through 67 67 68 ext . conservancy ground - late afternoon 68 close on the sleepy face of a shaggy yak . pull back to a small group of v.i.p.s be lead on a tour by Harry . harry this fellow be one of only three hundred wild yak remain on the planet . there be that who would ask , why should we care if this sub-species of yak survive ? we spot a man blend in with the group . we recognize garth . he look quite respectable in a suit . the antsy v.i.p. next to garth interrupt Harry . v.i.p . # 1 Excuse I . can we see Joe ? the other v.i.p.s echo this wish . Harry refocus himself . harry ( charming ) you certainly can -- for the mere price of a ' diamond Circle benefactor ticket ' to tomorrow night 's benefit . the v.i.p.s laugh and groan . garth take this moment to slip away , unnotice . Harry twinkle at the v.i.p.s. harry it 's all for a good cause . 68a ext . conservancy ground - another area - later 68a Harry be wave good - bye to the v.i.p.s , who have complete they tour . harry good-bye . good-bye . ( under he breath ) throw money ... throw money ... Jill and cecily drive up in a electric cart . Jill jump out , wear a conservancy T-shirt , and from the look of thing she 's be work hard in the habitat all day . she 's a lovely mess , head to toe . ( continued ) 66 . 68a continued : ( A1 ) 68a she run up to Harry , all energy and smile . jill Harry -- see what 's in that cart ? that 's all we have leave of the lobelia leave for Joe . do you by any chance place that new order I ask for ? harry ( guilty ) of course I ... actually , perhaps I ... jill ( sympathetic ) I would not be surprised if you forget , consider you have so much on you mind . ( continued ) 67 . 68a continued : 68a harry I will go rush order it for you now . jill ( beam ) thank you so much . cecily roll she eye . Jill wink at she conspiratorially . cecily ( to Harry ) she 's nice . I be not . if you forget to order something I need , I will knock you upside the head . cecily and Harry walk off grumble at each other like a old marry couple . harry I keep tell you -- stop talk to I like that . cecily please . you love it . Jill smile to herself . she turn to get back to she other business , and almost walk right into : Gregg . he 's be lean against a wall , and he 's catch the whole thing . gregg lobelia leave . should have call I in Africa . I would have bring them back for ya . Jill just stare for a moment , try to decide how to handle Gregg 's sudden reappearnce . his clothes look travel in , and another month in Africa have put a deeper shade of brown on he face . he 's get the rag look of someone who 's just get off a 16 - hour flight . gregg Nice to see you run the place , Jill . Jill nod and start walk like someone with urgent business to attend to . Gregg fall in beside she . jill you be back early . what happen ? run out of humvee to crash ? ( continued ) 68 . 68a continued : ( 2 ) 68a gregg no -- just want to get back . jill ( frosty ) really ? and why be that ? gregg guess I miss Harry . Gregg smile teasingly at Jill but she 's in no mood to melt that easily . he continue . gregg they want I to show my face at the fundraiser tomorrow night ... and I guess I get my mind fix on a good meal in a fine restaurant . think you might like to join I . jill ( cool ) no thanks . I still do not want to leave Joe . gregg ' still ' ? have not you be out of here yet ? jill ( flip ) what 's to see ? Beach be that way , mountain be that way , Mexico 's that way , Canada 's that way ... Gregg reach out and slow she down . he want to see she eye . gregg come on . have dinner with I , Jill . ( tenderly ) you will not find a better excuse to brush you hair . Gregg reach out and pull a piece of straw from Jill 's tossle lock . she can not help herself anymore -- and break into a slow smile . jill I will brush my hair if you take a shower . gregg ( grin ) deal . 69 . 68b ext . outside joe' habitat - day 68b garth walk quickly -- but not fast enough to draw attention . he move along the handrail at the edge of the moat . take off he sunglass and look for Joe . garth's Pov - joe be move slowly among sapling . close on garth's hand as he reach in he pocket and pull out one of the poach dog collar . garth look around -- then give the metal clapper one loud shake -- quickly drop they back into he pocket . Joe react immediately to the jangling sound . imprint deep in he memory . he rise up quickly and growls furiously -- pound he chest -- look around for the danger . it 's instinctive and frightening . Joe see garth and charge he . Joe 's anger take he into the electrify wire around the habitat . joe roar at the shock and recoil . garth you remember , do not you ? 69 omitted 69 69a ext . venice beach - night 69 a it 's a beautiful and lively night on Venice Beach . a few people have make bonfire along the water 's edge , and the music of a distant bar band waft through the air . it 's a magic night . Gregg and Jill walk away from a funky food shack , festoon with tiny light . they share a carton of fish and chip . jill so this be what you call a good meal in a fine restaurant ? gregg ( think about it ) yeah . Gregg grin at Jill , all boyish charm . she stiffles a smile , struggle to hold on to she pervious indignation . ( continued ) 70 . 69a continued : 69a jill do not point that smile at I . I be still mad at you for take off and leave I here all alone . gregg ( guilty ) I be sorry -- I have thing I have to do ... jill ( do not buy it ) uh-huh ... gregg besides , you be not all alone . you have Joe . Jill nod at the truth of this . she continue , almost to herself : jill ( softly ) that 's right . I and joe. just like always . there be a lonliness about Jill as she say this . Gregg sense it . gregg grow up with he around -- what 's it be like for you ? I mean -- most guy be afraid of girl ' father . I can just see a guy tell Joe he will get you home by midnight ... jill ( shrug ) never have anyone to bring home anyway . all that stuff -- I do not even know what it 's like . gregg all what ' stuff ' ? jill ( defensive / dismissive ) whatever you want to call it . be in love . gregg ( smile ) well -- it 's kinda like get bit by a makiki spider . ( continued ) 71 . 69a continued : ( 2 ) 69 a Jill look sharply at Gregg . not so fast . jill oh yeah ? how 's that ? gregg ( step closer to Jill ) you will get a kind of a fever ... jill fever ? really . how high ? gregg pretty high . jill interesting . hallucination with that ? gregg oh yeah ... and you will , uh -- find yourself say thing . lot of thing . Gregg be very close to Jill . he want to kiss she right now . Jill smile . she know what he 's do . maybe she will let Gregg kiss she . just then : jill aaah ! she pull a beeper off she belt and check the message . insert - beeper readout a message scroll across that say , " get back here ! now !!! " jill come on ! Jill and Gregg bolt for the car . 70 omitted 70 &amp ; &amp ; 70a omitted 70 a 71 ext . joe' habitat - night 71 joe be on a major destructive rampage , pull up tree , roaring , beat he chest . pan to : 72 . 72 ext . habitat - by gate - night 72 Gregg , Jill , cecily and Harry watch Joe 's rampage from outside the gate . Jack and vern run over , cover in mud and overly exite . vern he 's rip out sapling like bam -bam -bam ! jack and take out irrigation pipe . one good yank -- on come the flood . harry he just pull out another acacia tree . you know what I pay for that ? gregg ( to cecily ) do you know what 's wrong with he ? cecily shake she head " no . " cecily ( to Jill ) do you ? Jill 's brow be furrow with concern . jill no . harry well could you get in there and calm he down before he pull out the rest of my landscape ? 72a ext . joe' habitat - night 72a Jill have do she job . Joe be calm but spend , lean against a tree . Jill sit in he lap , softly sing the same lullaby we hear she mother sing to she 12 year ago . she caress the palm of Joe 's giant leathery paw , she tiny white hand almost disappear in its black fold . Gregg watch , lean against a tree not ten foot away . it be the most intimate moment between Jill and Joe that he have see yet . the tableau invoke myth : the beauty in the service of the beast ; the man who have come to free she . ( continued ) 73. 72a continued : 72a Gregg come forward ... slowly ... but Joe suddenly lift he head and grunt at he , a kind of warning bark for Gregg to stay where he be . Jill do not even notice . she lay she soft cheek against Joe 's giant palm . he cradle she face . she close she eye . fade out . fade in : 73 int . conservancy control room - close on baker - next 73 day look fairly annoyed . baker ( emphatic ) impossible . pull out to find : Baker , face off with Jill . she look flushed with emotion as she follow Baker around the room , dogging he . jill ( adamant ) please , Mr. Baker -- I would not be ask you to postpone the benefit unless I think there be something really wrong with Joe . and I do . baker from what I hear , you sing he to sleep last night like a baby . what 's really wrong about that ? jill I swear to you , Joe 's still not himself -- he 's nervous and agitate . he should not be expose to a crowd of stranger right now . if you would only delay the party a few more ... baker it 's too late , Jill . jill ( adamant ) no . it 's too soon . ( continued ) 74 . 73 continued : 73 Baker give Jill a hard look . baker miss Young , let I give you some advice . stop worry about Joe , and start worry about what you will wear tomorrow night . with that , Baker give Jill he back and start a phone call . frustrate , Jill turn and walk out of the room . 74 ext . conservancy ground - continuous action 74 Jill storm out of Baker 's office stewing , head down . she 's walk so fast that she collide into a man come the other way . jill oh ! Excuse I . the man rights himself and smile politely . strasser no , excuse I . my fault . it 's strasser . he 's tame he look and dress himself in modest attire . with he damage hand conceal in he pocket and a pleasant smile arrange on he face , he have re-invented himself . he come across like a friendly conservationist . he stare openly at Jill . it fluster she . strasser ( feign surprise ) I be so sorry -- it 's just -- you must be Jill Young ... jill yes ...? strasser ( " move " ) and -- you look just like she . the word electrify Jill . she almost gasp . strasser I be Andre strasser . a old friend of you mother 's . ( warmly ) I know she when she be only a little older than you , and you be just a tiny thing . what a incredible woman she be . ( continued ) 75 . 74 continued : 74 Jill be overwhelm . she immediately melt . she reach she hand out to he . jill how wonderful to meet you . what be you do here ? strasser pretend to look uncomfortable . strasser I have come to talk with you Mr. Baker . ( pain ) you see , I be here for Joe . and , in a way , for you mother , too . ( passionate ) I believe she would agree with I -- a magnificent wild animal like Joe need more space -- like the raha preserve I run in botswana . bingo . Jill 's face fall . the guilt be work already . jill raha ? a preserve ? strasser I have twenty thousand acre there where the animal be free to run . I would like to offer they to Joe . ( sigh ) here , it 's such a shame ... to see Joe live in a man-made habitat and be use as a attraction to raise money ... strasser shake he head at the inhumanity of it all . his clever word work on Jill like a charm -- she look absolutely crestfallen . he pretend to comfort she . strasser oh -- I have upset you ! please ... I only mean to offer a alternative . I will be attend the event tomorrow night . maybe we can talk more about this matter then . jill I will look forward to it . strasser good-bye . strasser walk off , leave Jill deep in think . he smile to himself , certain he 's land a direct hit . 76 . 75 ext . joe' habitat - night 75 a tent have be set up outside Joe 's habitat , the long end flush up against the railing that surround the moat . CUT to : 76 int . tent - night 76 a small , elegant and tasteful party . a collection of fifty vip , all dress to the nine , mingle with the conservancy staff . tables have be arrange in a wide semi-circle around a podium , which be on the moat edge of the tent . by bar Gregg , wear a tuxedo , walk up to cecily and Harry , also in black tie . Harry be stuff he face . cecily look admiringly at Gregg . cecily do not you clean up nice . gregg cecily -- you be ravish . Harry -- you get shrimp on you shirt . Harry look down at he shirt smear with cocktail sauce . harry ( dismay ) of course . I look ridiculous . cecily no . you look fine . ( point at Jack and vern ) they look ridiculous . Jack and vern be off the dweeb - scale in they ill-fitting tux . they crowd the food table , gobble down appetizer . harry hel - lo . look what we have here . Gregg and cecily turn to see what Harry 's look at . ( continued ) 77 . 76 continued : 76 by entrance Jill have just step into the tent , look absolutely stun . all head turn too look at she . intimidate , she falter at the door , too afraid to enter . back on staff like everyone else in the room , cecily and Harry admire Jill . Gregg be render speechless by she beauty . cecily ( proud ) I pick out the dress . be not I smart ? gregg brilliant . Gregg pick up a glass of champagne for Jill and start crossing the room to she . cecily shut you mouth , Harry -- you be catch fly . on jill feeling terribly insecure , Jill gratefully watch Gregg cross the room towards she . they can not take they eye off each other . when he reach she side , she grab on to he . jill ( self - conscious ) tell I the truth -- do I look stupid in this ? everyone be stare at I . gregg ( reassure ) they be not stare at you . ( look around ) they be stare at that ... uh ... banana tower . Jill turn and see a ridiculous - look decorative mountain of bananas sit on a table top just behind she . it 's the creation of a over - zealous caterer . Jill blushes , realize Gregg 's joke . ( continued ) 78 . 76 continued : ( 2 ) 76 jill very funny . across room strasser and garth observe the crowd . garth quite a turnout they have here . strasser all the better . baker ( o.s. ) lady and gentleman , can I have you attention , please ? strasser put he drink down , tap garth . strasser let 's go . the two of they head for the exit . at podium - with baker baker when be the last time you laid eye on something so unique , so spectacular , that it literally take you breath away ? well , prepare yourselves , for tonight you will have such a experience . with strasser and garth head for the exit , they hear Baker 's word and exchange a know glance -- if they have they way , tonight will be more of a " experience " than Baker be bargain for . garth slip he hand into he jacket , check for the dog collar ... just as Jack and vern start come the other way . Jack 's already have one glass too many , and he 's reckless on he foot . jack ( to vern ) there 's nothing in this punch , man . I could drink twelve of this and not feel a thing . ( continued ) 79 . 76 continued : ( 3 ) 76 smack ! Jack collide with garth , cause garth to drop the dog collar . vern stoops to retrieve it , ( pick it up by a rusty key that be one of the clanking object on the collar ) . vern sorry ! here 's you ... uh ... key chain . garth grab it back . strasser nod coolly to vern and Jack . strasser thank you . vern and Jack stumble on , none the wiser . strasser and garth slip out . 77 ext . joe' habitat - continuous action 77 Joe be feed on bamboo in the center of he habitat when something abruptly catch he ear . a slight jangling sound , the timpani of wind chime , float through the air . it grow louder . Joe stand up . the hair on he neck bristle . he move towards the source of the sound , at the edge of the moat . joe' Pov garth stand at the railing surround the moat , rattling the dog collar . it 's a sound that haunt he , from the darkest depth of he memory . he start to growl and then he see something that really drive he nut . strasser step into the light , join garth by the water 's edge . he rattles the dog collar , and now ... zoom in on joe his eye , lock with strasser 's . his pupil narrow , he nostril flare , and Joe freak out ! he start tear up the ground , beat he chest , then he roar and charge straight for they , stop at the water 's edge . ( continued ) 80 . 77 continued : 77 on strasser lock eye with Joe . this be the first time he have see Joe since the animal bit he hand off twelve year ago . a smile creep across he face . strasser ( to himself ) so you have not forget I . good . ( hold up he dead hand ) have you forget this ? garth be still rattling the dog collar , enjoy Joe 's display of rage . garth what do you think the big guy be worth ? a couple million ? strasser I will get that for the paw alone . after we sell he off piece by piece , who know how much we will make ? garth shake the dog collar more furiously , make Joe rush at they again . garth get you go now ! that should rattle the jewelry off the lady . strasser ( indicate dog collar ) hang it there -- where he can see it . ( warning ) and come back for it -- after . garth hang the dog collar on the fence . Joe can hear it clank in the breeze -- he be in a truly frightening state . strasser come , we have do we job here . as strasser and garth leave , Joe look after they , beside himself with fury . outrage , he turn this way and that way , finally focus on a tall tree in he habitat . 81 . 78 int . tent - night 78 at the podium , Baker be make he presentation to the tony crowd . baker ... and now to introduce we remarkable new acquisition , I would like to bring up to the podium the director of the conservancy ... a sudden roar come from behind the curtain drown out Baker 's voice . the audience member jump in they seat , frighten . Baker be rattle , too , then regains he composure . baker well ! I suppose there 's no need to add to that introduction . the audience laugh and relax . baker here 's Dr. Harry ruben . Baker motion to Harry , who freeze with a sudden bout of stage fright . cecily give he a discreet push on the back and he stumble forward . joe can still be hear growling and beat he chest in the background . Jill and Gregg look at each other with mount anxiety . Harry reach the mic . harry ( into mic ) in the time it take you to drive here tonight , three species have disappear from the Earth . extinct . never to return . we here at the conservancy say this be a tragedy ... another o.s. roar from joe . it be spine-tingling . Harry almost jump out of he loafer . harry ( nervous joke ) obviously Joe agree . everybody laugh . the audience do not know enough to be really afraid -- they be just excited and twitter . ( continued ) 82. 78 continued : 78 Jill be feel increasingly nervous . she glance around the room and meet eye with strasser . he nod at she , he eye indicate that he be " worried " for Joe as well . Jill nod back . we continue to hear uncanny sound from behind the curtain . it 's all Harry can do to stick to he speech . he keep glance nervously over he shoulder . harry but tonight , rather than focus on what we have lose , I be go to introduce you to something we have find . there be a tremendous cracking sound from behind the curtain . the audience murmur . Harry sweat . Jill grab Gregg 's hand tightly . harry lady and gentleman , the California Animal conservancy proudly introduce we newest member , mighty Joe ... crash ! before Harry can say " Young , " a tree come crashing through the curtain . Gregg leap forward , knock Harry out of the way just as the tree crush the podium into kindling . Joe come blast through the hole in the curtain . he have join the party . Joe stand on the stage , he chest heaving . there be total silence . the party guest be freeze with fear , literally speechless . a few of they laugh nervously , wonder if this be really just part of the show . but Jill know better . she and Gregg exchange glance -- what the hell be go on ? Jill rise , try to stay calm herself , and slowly approach Joe , speak in a soothing voice . she want to get he attention . jill ( soothing ) hey , Joe . I be right here . you hear I ? good boy . take it easy , Joe . we do not want to scare anybody , do we ? ( continued ) 83. 78 continued : ( 2 ) 78 Jill be within arm 's reach of Joe -- it look like he might turn he head to she , calm down , become docile ... but that 's when he spot strasser . Joe 's face register tower rage as strasser stare back , provoking Joe further . Joe take off , knock over a table that bang into Jill and send she fly backwards into a wall . she hit the wall and sink down , stunne . joe head through the people towards strasser . the party erupt with scream . Joe make he way towards strasser , swatting people out of the way . on strasser frozen , in horror , as Joe plow through the party , head straight for he . tables be break like match stick , glass shatter . Joe catch up to strasser , grab he tuxedo jacket and hoist he into the air . close on man it 's not strasser . frustrate , Joe fling he aside . the man fly through the air , slamm into the tent wall , and then fall on the catering table . on gregg and jill as they watch Joe 's rampage in horror . jill my God . what 's wrong with he ? gregg we have get to bring he down . I be go for the tranq gun . jill no -- let I stop he . ( continued ) 84 . 78 continued : ( 3 ) 78 but Gregg 's already take off . meanwhile mighty Joe be still look for strasser , as he head back across the room . a glamorous couple , ( terry and ray ) , crawl frantically on all four , try to stay ahead of Joe . terry ( frantic ) faster ! faster ! ray I be try ! jill be push against the tide of people to get to Joe . somebody shove against she hard : it 's Baker , in a panic to get away . joe continue to make he way towards strasser . as he rush towards he ... a security guard run into the tent , raise he tranq gun and fire ... the dart miss , hit a flee guest , who , we see as he crumple to the ground , be actually Baker . strasser be flee for the exit . joe chase he through the tent . a guest fall in Joe 's path and Joe heedlessly step on he leg , crush it . the man scream in agony . ( continued ) 84a . 78 continued : ( 4 ) 78 jill be scramble over break table and chair to get to Joe , when he turn sharply away from she . back to scene strasser be trap behind a table . joe throw the table out of he way , roar and be about to crush a cower strasser into poacher mulch , when ... sfx : the explosion of a rifle . Joe look surprised at first . Joe drop to all four , revealing Gregg hold a tranq gun . other Animal Control officer be with he , also hold tranq rifle . Gregg lower he gun , a pain expression on he face . but one tranq dart be not enough to stop mighty Joe . he rise again , ready to smash strasser ... and a hail of tranq dart sail through the air as the conservancy worker pepper Joe with shot . Joe swipe several dart from he flank -- but the accumulation be too much even for he . he stumble backward and fall . Jill scream . Gregg look sick at the sight of Joe fall . Joe hit the ground hard . his eye close . fade to black . fade in : 79 omitted 79 &amp ; &amp ; 80 80 a81 ext . conservancy - day a81 a grim - face female reporter face the camera . the tent be sprawle on the ground in the b.g . as she start to speak we pan past a line of other tv news reporter deliver essentially the same report to camera . ( continued ) 84b . a81 continued : ( A1 ) a81 news anchor # 1 official here be say they do not know what cause the animal 's rampage , which injure over a dozen people , eight of which be currently hospitalize . Three of that have already file law suit , and word have it that the City Attorney be call for the animal to be put to sleep . stand with I be the chairman of the conservancy board , elliot Baker . ( continued ) 85 . a81 continued : a81 she turn to she leave and into frame we see Mr. Baker , steeling himself for the consequence of last night . news anchor # 1 Mr. Baker , what be the conservancy do to assure the public Joe will not attack again ? baker Joe have be transfer to a special steel reinforce concrete bunker . news anchor # 1 and what about after you let he out ? baker that will not be happen anytime soon . in the meantime , we will do anything necessary to ensure the safety of the public . 81 ext . bunker - day 81 a animal control officer have be post outside the bunker , the conservancy 's lockdown building for animal that get out of control . he stand next to he squad car , a rifle at he side . 82 int . bunker - day 82 a hold room . a cage criss -cross by six - inch steel bar . Joe stare out through one narrow window . he see a bar-stripe slice of blue sky . he reach up one hand towards the window -- he can not even fit it through the bar . he still look drugge and despondent . hunched over . his head almost scrape the ceiling . his breathe raspy . on the other side of the bar , Jill and Gregg hover like distraught parent . Jill pet Joe 's fur through the bar . jill Joe ... look at I . over here , big guy . Joe barely react . Jill be near tear . ( continued ) 86 . 82 continued : 82 jill ( to Gregg ) I know something be wrong with he . gregg what do you think happen out there ? jill ( shaking she head ) Joe never would have hurt all that people unprovoke ... something must have get to he . gregg something . or someone . Jill look at Gregg , consider this for the first time . harry ( o.s. ) Jill ? they turn to see Harry , poke he head in the room . he still look freak out from the event of the night . harry can I talk to you for a second ? Jill nod . she take one last look at Joe , then walk out of the room , leave ... Gregg , alone with Joe for the first time since Joe hold he upside down in the jungle . Gregg lean against the cage next to Joe . they have never be in such close proximity before . the expressive - ness in Joe 's eye be uncanny -- Gregg feel almost as if he could understand what he 's say . gregg ( deeply sorry ) well this be not in the brochure , be it ? Gregg look around at the claustrophobic space . gregg I promise you would not be put in a cage . I be sorry , Joe . I help put you here . and now I be go to do everything I can to get you out . Gregg reach out for Joe 's paw and lay he hand in it . Joe gently curl he finger around Gregg 's hand . 87 . 83 ext . observation area - bunker - continuous action 83 Jill and Harry be in the observation area , a glass - off room that look into the hold cell . Harry be still extremely rattle from the fiasco of the night before . he 's try to act tough but he 's tear up inside , not sure who he 's worried about more -- Joe or himself . harry the City Attorney talk to Baker . it be not my decision , and there 's nothing I can do about it . jill about what ? harry Joe stay in there until they decide what to do with he . jill ( freaking out ) in there ? Harry , look at he . he 's depressed , he will not eat . if he stay in there , he will die within day . harry so sue I . everybody else be . jill listen , Harry , either you tell they you be get Joe out of there or I will ! harry do not you get it ? this be way beyond you , and I . Joe freak out on some very influential people . he 's a public relation nightmare . no zoo will take a two -thousand - pound killer gorilla ... jill ( interrupt ) he 's not a killer ! harry ... and unless you can write a check for million of dollar to buy he a big back yard somewhere , Joe 's get nowhere to go . jill that 's it ? you be not go to do anything ? ( continued ) 88. 83 continued : 83 Harry look at Jill 's angry face -- he know he 's just lose she respect and it bug he more than he would like to admit . but there 's nothing more he can say . he leave the room , brush shoulder with Gregg , enter . judge from the expression on Gregg 's face , he 's overhear the whole thing . Jill and Gregg look at each other with determination in they eye . there 's no question in either of they mind about what need to be do next . jill I need you help . gregg you get it . 84 ext . bunker - night 84 a animal control officer stand guard outside the bunker . Gregg , cecily , and Jill walk casually towards the Officer . the Officer straighten up and look tough . he come forward halfway to meet they . cecily ( big smile ) good evening . a.c. officer ' even . we three just breeze on by the Officer into the bunker . a.c. officer hey , wait a minute ! Gregg hang back with the a.c. Officer as cecily and Jill disappear inside . to buy time for cecily and Jill , Gregg pretend to take the big lug into he confidence . gregg ( confidential ) we be conservancy doctor . do I a favor -- stay here and guard the door . the guard nod and look confuse . Gregg disappear inside . 89 . 85 int . bunker - at cage 85 cecily take a key from she pocket and open the door to Joe 's cage . jill come on , Joe . we be leave . let 's get you out of here . the open door have a stronger effect on Joe than the sedative in he system . he clamber to he foot and follow Jill out of the cage . ( continued ) 90 . 85 continued : 85 a.c. officer ( o.s. ) what the hell be you do ? they turn to see the Officer have a rifle aim at Joe . he 's terrify . joe growls ominously . cecily I be Dr. bank , the head vet . and I be take Joe for a cat scan . a.c. officer I take my order from Mr. Baker . put he back in the cage . now . the Officer train he gun on Joe . Joe look at the Officer menacingly and bare he huge fang . gregg ( friendly voice ) Officer , you do not want to point that gun at he , believe I . the Officer suddenly grab he neck , which now have a tranquilizer dart stick out of it . Jill lower a tranq gun . jill ( simply ) he do not believe you . the Officer slump to the ground . 86 ext . bunker - continuous action 86 cecily step out of the bunker and blink a flashlight into the dark . the red taillight of a trailer suddenly appear as a huge tractor trailer back up towards the bunker . cecily call out towards the bunker : cecily bring he out . now Jill and Gregg lead Joe outside as cecily open the door to the trailer . Joe climb inside . 87 ext . trailer 87 now someone step out of the passenger side of the cab . ( continued ) 91 . 87 continued : 87 it 's strasser . avoid the back of the trailer ( where he would encounter Joe ) , strasser stay where he be and call out to Jill in hushed tone . strasser Jill , I get the plane . it 's wait at the airport . we must hurry . strasser hold he hand up in salute to Gregg and cecily -- that 's about as close as he want to get to they . use urgency as a excuse , he jump back into the trailer before anyone can engage he in further conversation . it 's time to say good - bye . cecily look into the back of the trailer . cecily I be go to miss you ugly face . be good , Joe . harry ( o.s. ) yeah . do not start a fight with anyone bigger than you . Harry step out of the shadow . everyone turn and look at he . he feel they eye on he and shuffles a little . harry you would better leave out of the west gate . the guard there get call away . urgent business . Jill put she arm around Harry . he 's antsy and embarrassed . jill you be not such a big coward after all . harry ( as she keep hugging ) okay , okay , let go . Harry disengage from Jill and disappear back where he come from . now cecily turn to Jill . she hug she with great emotion . cecily write I when Joe get settle . ( continued ) 91a . 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 jill I promise . cecily move off , leave Gregg and Jill alone to say good - bye . they look into each other 's eye , hat to part , everything they have to say to each other still unsaid . jill ( yearn ) you come to the airport , or ...? gregg ( strain ) I think I better stay here and keep people away from that bunker . give you a head start before they realize he 's go . Jill be crumble . for she , it 's awful to leave he , but he 's not act heart - break at all . confused , she try desperately to stay light . she chatter like a nervous schoolgirl . jill ( stammer ) well -- if you be ever in botswana , come by and take I out to a good meal in a fine restaurant . that be , if you be not afraid to tell Joe that you will get I home by ... she do not get the rest of she sentence out because Gregg be kissing she mouth . it 's the kiss he 's be want to give she since the day he first laid eye on she . he let go of she again , leave she breathlessly look after he . he walk to the back of the trailer . Gregg and Joe make serious eye contact . gregg ( pointedly , to Joe ) take care of she for I , will ya ? Gregg shut the trailer door and walk off , not dare to look back . Jill be about to call after he when strasser step back out of the passenger 's side of the trailer . he whisper urgently : strasser Jill ! we must go ! Jill run to the passenger side of the trailer . 91b . 87a int . trailer cab - that moment 87a hopping into the trailer , Jill come face to face with garth , who be sit behind the steering wheel . he nod to she , all business . garth hello . strasser get in on the other side of Jill , close the door behind he . she 's sandwich . 88 ext . trailer - that moment 88 Gregg stop and turn around for one last look at the trailer as it drive off . cecily exhales -- this love stuff be too hot to handle -- and follow Gregg . 88a ext . / int . truck / STREET - night 88a Jill sit nervously between strasser and garth as the trailer leave the gate of the conservancy . strasser do not worry , Jill . soon Joe will be back home again . Jill look straight ahead . 88b ext . conservancy ground - night 88b Gregg and cecily walk back through the conservancy . cecily ( wry ) how many minute do you give it before the whole world know he 's miss ? gregg five . how many minute do you give it before we be both lookin ' through the want ad ? cecily six . they smile warmly at each other , respect the sacrifice they have both just make . ( continued ) 91c . 88b continued : 88b just then , vern and Jack drive up in a blazer . they stop next to Gregg and cecily . gregg what be you guy do here so late ? Jack and vern hop out of the car . vern be carry a cardboard box . jack Baker want the tent clean up a.s.a.p. vern hold out the box . vern check out the loot we plunder in the wake of mass party panic ! this be some weird lose and find , man . vern pull a single high - heele shoe out of the box and hand it to cecily . jack yeah , and we have get the fun job of get this stuff back to everybody . ( pull out a toupee ) somebody 's head be cold ! digging in the box again , vern innocently pull out the poacher 's dog collar . it mean nothing to he , but Gregg instantly grab for it . gregg ( alarmed ) where do you find this ? vern oh -- that be by the habitat . ( to Jack ) guess we have get to find that two guy again . gregg ( urgent ) what two guy ? ( continued ) 91 . 88b continued : ( 2 ) 88b jack that , uh ... ( to vern ) what do you think that one guy be ? Russian ? lithuanian ? it take less than a second . Gregg spring into action , grab the key to the blazer out of Jack 's hand . he sprint to the car . Jack and vern watch he go . cecily ( call after he ) be careful ! they watch he go . 89 int . cab of conservancy truck - night 89 Jill glance nervously back as they drive down surface street . she look over at strasser . in the pass light of the street lamp , he be regain he sinister sheen . garth be drive the trailer very fast . they hit a bump , make they lurch in they seat . Jill hear joe go thud in the trailer . jill please ! be careful ... strasser always worry , eh ? you mother be a worrier , too . always worry about the gorilla . it make she a lot of enemy . it lead to tragedy . his tone have something vaguely malevolent in it . it rankle Jill . jill my mother be brave . strasser so be you , my dear . Jill look at strasser sharply . for the first time , she really notice he strange , leather hand . for reason she 's not yet conscious of , it scare she . strasser notice that Jill be stare at he hand . ( continued ) 92 . 89 continued : 89 strasser it 's not so pretty , I know . jill ( look away ) I be sorry . ( beat ) what happen ? strasser and garth exchange amused glance . strasser well ... you could say I have a encounter with a monster . ( in roumanian ) monstrule . strasser and garth chuckle -- they think they be just share a private joke . but Jill have a troubled look in she eye -- the foreign epithet have strike a chord from long ago ... she struggle to remember ... then she get it . she see herself crouching in the forest with Joe over 12 year ago , overhear strasser 's curse , and she blood run cold . she glance at strasser , everything dawn on she at once . the hand ... the face ... it all come together for Jill . strasser catch the look on Jill 's face and know some - thing be wrong . adrenaline be pump through she . unsure of how to make she next move , Jill try to hide the realization that be crash down on she ... she glance in the side view mirror of the truck and see : Gregg , drive up behind they in the conservancy vehicle . Jill 's face react ever so slightly , but strasser catch it . he follow she eye line , look where she look , and as he also spot Gregg , Jill know the game be up . she lose it and scream : jill murdering bastard ! Jill slam she elbow into strasser 's nose . strasser 's face reflexively go down in he hand . stun , garth swerve at the wheel . fast as lightning , Jill grab he hair and slam he face into the dash . before the man can recover , Jill kick and claw she way over strasser 's back , fight toward the open window ... ( continued ) 93. 89 continued : ( 2 ) 89 she reach through the window and grab onto the side view mirror . the truck door swing open and Jill sail out the door , dangle from she hold on the side view . the speed truck swerve wildly , bang Jill again and again against the door . Gregg see she and be horrify at the danger . he speed up , try to reach she ... strasser grab for Jill , try to pull she back into the truck ... she kick at he and lose she grasp on the side view mirror . 90 ext . CITY STREET - night 90 Jill fall , hit the run board and bounce hard onto the concrete roadway . two car swerve and crash around she . 91 int . trailer hold 91 joe' Pov through the slat in the trailer , Joe see Jill almost be hit by the car . he go crazy , try to get out , rock the trailer back and forth ... 91a ext . STREET - that moment 91a Jill lift she head off the concrete and scream futilely after Joe : jill Joe ! get out ! 91b int . cab of conservancy truck - that moment 91b strasser look back at Jill lie on the road and slam the truck door close . strasser ( to garth ) drive ! garth floors it . the truck speed away . 94 . 91c ext . CITY STREET - night 91c Gregg see Jill up ahead and slam on the brake . he jump out of he car and race to she side . he reach she and scoops she away , narrowly save she from be hit by another pass car . 91 ext . STREET / int . cab - continuous action 91 the wheel fly through garth 's hand as he try to control it . strasser 's face be cover in blood . the trailer rights itself . continue on . 92 omitted 92 through through 95 95 96 ext . CITY STREET - continuous action 96 Gregg check Jill over . she be bruise and bloody , but she do not seem to notice . she just stare after the trailer and moan ... jill ( to herself ) what have I do ? mother , oh , God , what have I do ... ( to Gregg ) do you know who they be ? gregg I know . Gregg half - carry she to the truck . gregg come on . let 's go get he back . they see the trailer disappear around the corner ... 97 int . conservancy truck - cab - continuous action 97 garth try desperately to steer the truck as the steering wheel burn through he hand . 98 ext . hollywood blvd . - wider shot - night 98 the picture postcard version . lot of neon . tourist . Movie theater flash elaborate marquee . ( continued ) 95 . 98 continued : 98 gleaming harley park in a row . into frame -- trailer -- -- weave wildly . it clip a car come the other way and begin to skid sideways through traffic . it enter the intersection kick off spark , send car swerving away . widen as the truck jackknife -- and -- skid to a stop -- the back at a acute angle to the cab . a second of eerie silence as -- out of the store and theater , people run towards the accident . they encircle the truck . people press closer try to get a look . a loud growl stop they cold . tilt up -- top of trailer . -- Joe 's fist punch through . widen as Joe tear away the top and pull himself free -- climb up atop the truck . its effect on the crowd be like pandora open she box . they all surge backwards . ( continued ) 96 . 98 continued : 98 joe' Pov look down at the horrify face simply shouting at he . confused by the blind headlight and blaring horn . people stampede try to get away -- some stumble on top of each other . 99 low angle - cab 99 garth help strasser from the wreckage . neither of they be that badly hurt . strasser wait . strasser reach back into the truck cab . garth look around , nervously . garth Police will be here any minute . strasser pull a leather case from the truck . then he reach back in for he hunter 's hat -- and set it firmly on he head . we have not see strasser like this since twelve year earlier : the hunter be back . the sound of siren reach they ear . garth be nervous as hell . garth we better go . strasser have the thousand yard stare . garth have to drag he away . garth come on ! we need to get out of here ! the two of they leave the site of the accident , just as ... 100 ext . STREET - that moment 100 Joe drop down from the truck . people on the street run up , take he picture , and run away . tourist hey ! it 's that gorilla that be on tv ! ( continued ) 97 . 100 continued : 100 back to joe follow Joe down the boulevard , as he move in a four - point walk through the intersection and along the boulevard . two woman come out of a shop see Joe and scream -- that frighten Joe and make he bare he fang . which only make matter worse . he feint a charge -- and one woman collapse . joe' Pov it be indeed a urban jungle -- make up of neon and steel . angle Joe walk down the street and bump into : parked mercede whose alarm goe off immediately . Joe wheel and smashes the car until the sound stop . close on joe the light and loud voice blend into one single tumult -- dangerous and threaten . the sound of siren tell we the police be come fast -- a block away we see two black &amp ; white screech into view . through the crowd we see a street kid , ray , 13 , come face - to - face with Joe . his eye go wide with the wonder of Joe . ray whoa ... hey , Joe ! it 's as if he 's see a completely different animal than everyone else around he . it 's a look we have see in young Jill 's eye . Ray look down the street at the approach cop car and back at Joe . he understand the danger . Ray point the right way for Joe to go , away from the police car . Joe watch Ray closely , as if he be study the boy 's face . then he move off in the direction Ray be point , towards : 98 . 101 ext . mann' chinese theater - night 101 where patron hang fearfully by the door . theatergoer rush back inside . close on imprint for John travolta and Donald duck -- as a enormous gorilla foot descend on they . they split down the middle , then crumble into dust . inside ticket kiosk a mexican - american female ticket - taker hyperventilate , box in she tiny glass booth . from her Pov , Joe duck down and stare at she , bring he giant face close to the glass . she be speechless with fright . Joe move on . now the sound of police siren can be hear approaching . find Joe -- box in by the movie theater . angry . he start search for a way out ... angle - STREET just then -- two lapd car pull up . cop jump out . they spot Joe ... cop up there ! the cop point up to ... 102 ext . top of mann' chinese 102 Joe use he powerful muscle to scale the theater . he make it to the top -- high over Hollywood . behind he be hill and tree . something familiar . back on cop they have get they gun aim , but Joe disappear over the top of the theater . CUT to : 103 ext . boulevard - gregg's car 103 Gregg and Jill pull up to the overturn trailer , see the wreckage ... but no sign of Joe . stun , they whirl around , hope he will still be somewhere in sight ... ( continued ) 99 . 103 continued : 103 gregg he could not have get far . Jill be overwhelm with frustration . in second , she climb on top of the overturn can and scream at the top of she lung : jill ( scream ) Joe ! Joe ! Gregg see a group of excite neighbor run down the street towards Mann 's chinese scream to each other : excite neighbor this way ! Jill hop down and she and Gregg tear off down the street towards the gather crowd at the chinese theater . CUT to : 104 ext . hollywood sign 104 the world famous icon -- starkly white against the hill . 105 ext . hollywood sign 105 push in close on the " o . " a shadow move across the open . closer beat -- then Joe step through . he 's at the apex of the urban mountain range . joe' Pov - west a beam of light be sweeping back and forth across the night sky . joe push in close on joe -- he growls as if he recognize it . from this distance it look like a flashlight beam . in Joe 's mind it mean only one thing -- Jill . he roar -- and move off across the hill . CUT to : 100 . 106 ext . chinese theater - night 106 as Jill and Gregg run up , cop be interview witness to Joe 's flight . one crew-cut cop speak into he walkie- talkie . crew-cut cop order be shoot to kill . he 's extremely dangerous . Jill hear this and flip out . she almost attack the cop. jill ( scream at cop ) no ! he 's not dangerous ! you be dangerous ! you be dangerous ! the cop give Jill a look that say she 's two second away from handcuffs . gregg ( to Officer ) she do not mean that . Gregg drag Jill away before she get arrest . jill ( shouting back at cop ) yes I do . gregg better cool it , baby . jill they be go to shoot he . Gregg look up over the facade of the theater to the hill beyond . gregg not if we find he first . police helicopter buzz by overhead . gregg let 's follow they . they run back towards they car . 107 ext . alley near hollywood blvd . 107 garth and strasser watch as Jill and Gregg head off after Joe . ( continued ) 101 . 107 continued : 107 strasser open the case he retrieve from the truck , start assemble a hunt rifle . garth look at it in surprise . garth what be you do ? you do not think we can get the gorilla now , do you ? strasser do not even bother to answer the question . he finish load he rifle . strasser we need a car . now . CUT to : 108 ext . hollywood blvd - night 108 a rubbernecker sit in he car , a Range Rover , gawk at the police all over Hollywood Blvd . then a hunt rifle enter frame , press right against he cheek . the rubbernecker do not even seem scared . he just shake he head , annoyed . rubbernecker fifth goddamn time this year . he grab he soda from the cupholder , he garage door opener ( guy 's be through this before ) but before he can reach for he Thomas guide ... garth haul he out of the car and throw he on the ground . rubbernecker hey ! I be go ! no need to be so pushy about it . strasser and garth jump in the car and drive away . CUT to : 109 ext . santa monica mountain - night 109 Homes build into the dark green hill . follow a wooden fence -- a long wooden barrier that 's be blow out of its moor . a man in boxer short run out of he kitchen door . his wife behind he . they dog be whining at something from underneath they deck . ( continued ) 102 . 109 continued : 109 Pov shot - looking through back yard the couple can see all the way down back . every fence have be knock over . we track through the back yard , past overturn lawn furniture and down clothesline . people step out of the door -- confuse . back to man on cordless phone , surveying the damage . boxer short man ( into phone ) be this L.A. County Animal Control ...? you be not gonna believe this ... 110 ext . sepulveda pass - night 110 find Joe -- emerge from the thick growth . he can hear the noise like a rush river o.s . he move to the top of the crest . joe' Pov - san diego freeway - night where the hill be split by the river of light . Joe look out over the freeway . 111 ext . night -scape 111 Joe can see the searchlight in the distance . the rush river of light be a image Joe can not quite assimilate . but somehow Joe know he must cross this " thing " to get to the hill on the other side . 112 ext . freeway - night 112 Joe step into the first eight lane of freeway traffic . we hear some screeching and skidding as the first four driver of the first four car in each northbound lane spot Joe and slam on the brake . miraculously , nobody crash . bumper remain uncrush . almost ceremoniously , the oncoming traffic come to a respectful halt as Joe hesitantly lumber past . ( continued ) 103 . 112 continued : 112 it 's almost like church . the freeway become quiet . nobody honk . nobody scream . overcome with awe , a woman step out of she car and just stand there in the middle of the freeway , watch Joe pass . other follow suit . Joe climb the center divider . the same thing happen in the southbound lane . as Joe disappear up the hill on the other side , the stunne driver simply stare in disbelief . L.A. be in awe . 113 omitted 113 114 int . conservancy vehicle ( freeway overpass ) 114 Gregg and Jill arrive on the scene . they look down from the overpass and see cop swarm around the area where Joe be , shine they flashlight into the brush and talk to motorist . gregg any idea where he might have head ? on jill -- drift off , as something o.s. catch she attention . jill look . she point out through the windshield . long shot - jill be Pov - through windshield shine over the horizon , come from somewhere near the ocean , be a searchlight , pierce the night sky . the image be as familiar to Jill as it be to Joe . back to scene jill that 's where he will go . he will think that 's I call he . Gregg step on the accelerator . as they car pull away , pan to strasser and garth follow a few car length behind . 104 . 115 omitted 115 116 helicopter shot - moving across BAY - night 116 the moon-stripe water surge and ebb as we skim the wave , rushing toward -- 117 ext . palisade ocean park - night 117 a festival of light . ride , arcade , lot of people . close on searchlight a kettle light rotate on its base . camera crane up through the klieg beam revealing the park -- continue to crane up ' till we see , tower over everything , the new ferris wheel -- a neon blur spin grandly against the moon- bright sky . 118 ext . palisade ocean park - various shot - night 118 quintessentially american image of beach - side amusement park . a carnival - like atmosphere . angle - archway entrance some couple stop to take they photo , kissing under the iconic neon arch that welcome people to the park . young couple stop to share the view -- and a kiss . until a loud growl make they jump back . Joe have appear under the arch . the young girl scream -- she boyfriend pull she back . joe' Pov it 's like a slow-motion panic . the noise and tumult of the crowded park keep people from hearing the scream right away . one toddler smile and wave at Joe until he mother snatch he and run for dear life . ( continued ) 105 . 118 continued : 118 at ferris wheel a crowd of kid wait in line . one of they , a particularly appeal little boy name jason , be have a conversation with he mother . she have the aura of a single mom about she , and she clearly adore she sweet - face kid . jason Mom , I do not think I can let you go on the ferris wheel . jason's mother why not ? jason because the last time after you eat two hot dog , you throw up , remember ? jason's mother what if I promise to throw up over the side ? they both giggle at she joke . jason Mom , I think I should do this ride by myself . jason's mother ( reluctant ) okay ... I will watch you . tilt up to the wheel turn majestically -- fill with kid . some wave from the chair as they crest -- it feel like they be fly over the ocean below . we notice two girl ( jenny , seven , and emma , nine ) as they come over the top . on the way down , they can see the crowd parting below as Joe enter frame . at the base of the great wheel -- parent be finally hearing the commotion . by light Joe arrive at he destination -- the bright light that draw he here . he 's confuse by the fact that Jill 's nowhere to be find . desperately , he scan the park ... people scream and panic around Joe . the noise drive he deeper into the park , search for Jill . meanwhile -- ( continued ) 106 . 118 continued : ( 2 ) 118 at arcade - big safari booth Three college guy shoot replica AIR gun at cardboard lion and elephant , set off fake explosion in a " Big safari " booth . joe feel threaten and recoil . then he continue past they . the rush of people away from he get more frenzied . 119 ext . park entrance - same time 119 Jill and Gregg run under the archway . people rush past they . they fight they way through the crowd . jill he 's gotta be here . do you see he ? Gregg and Jill scan the amusement park , look for the source of all the commotion . CUT to : 120 ext . parking lot - night 120 garth and strasser have park at the edge of the amusement park . strasser have the rifle out and propped up on one knee . he use the scope as a viewfinder . strasser' Pov through scope - jill and gregg run towards the carnival game . back to scene garth put he hand on the barrel of the gun and pull it away from strasser 's eye . he 's so nervous he 's almost chuckle . garth ( very nervous ) hold on , now -- just who be you aim at ? strasser look at garth with deadly focus . his eye tell the story . garth realize he boss 's intention with horror . ( continued ) 107 . 120 continued : 120 garth no . you can not do that . strasser if that girl start tell people who we really be , we whole cover operation will be blow . strasser aim he rifle again . garth she 's not a animal . that 's a human be you be about to kill . strasser fix garth with a icy stare . strasser go wait in the car . he raise the gun again , get the sight line up just as Gregg and Jill pass near the klieg light . garth grab the gun , just as strasser be about to pull the trigger . CUT to : 121 ext . park - night 121 blam ! strasser 's shot , alter by garth , hit the klieg light behind Jill and Gregg . the light explode -- glass shatter . Gregg pull Jill to the ground , as ... spark shoot out of the klieg light , a few of they hit the ubiquitous sawdust and straw that buffer the floor of many ride . it take only one second before there be a flame that begin to spread in a sizzling pool of oil right at the base of the ferris wheel . angle - in back of ferris wheel the flame dance over a oil slick and engulf several sack of sawdust . it smolder -- then erupt in a much larger conflagration . ( continued ) 108 . 121 continued : 121 find one parent ( Jenny and Emma 's mother ) who be nervously wait for she child near the bottom of the ferris wheel . she hear the hiss of the FIRE and see the shadow cast by the flame . she move away from the other parent -- into -- Pov shot -- as she now see the fire attack the ferris wheel . jenny' mother oh God ... the ferris wheel operator spray a industrial extinguisher on the flame . he crawl underneath the machine where the fire be worst . CUT to : 122 ext . parking lot 122 strasser , extremely piss off , turn to look at garth . strasser that be very stupid , garth . garth you be not a hunter , you be a murderer , and I will not be a part of this ... strasser flip the gun and crack garth squarely in the head with the rifle butt . garth hit the ground like a bag of sand . strasser anything else on you mind ? strasser turn to look back at the park . he no longer have a clear shot at Jill . he realize he 's go to have to move in close . from he jacket he take a .45 caliber semi-automatic Match master and a barrel extension which he screw on with great concentration use he glove hand . strasser begin to work he way into the park . CUT to : 109 . 123 ext . park - night 123 Jill and Gregg pick themselves up off the ground . jill what be that ? then they spot the fire , spread to the ferris wheel . Gregg turn to Jill . gregg go find Joe , get he out of here . ( look towards the wheel ) I be gonna see if I can help . Gregg move off towards the ferris wheel . jill head over to the carnival game . CUT to : 124 ext . park - continuous action 124 strasser , calm and totally commit to he course of action move through the pandemonium of the crowd , gun by he side . CUT to : at ferris wheel Parents be shouting , crowd the ferris wheel . two operator be unload child as quickly as they can . they look like they be about to be overwhelm but then ... Gregg enter frame . he vault the guard rail , start unload child right from they move car . there be utter chaos , child scream , fire and smoke . crane up past the terrify face of the child who have to wait , ' till we get to Jenny and Emma . Jenny turn to see the fire beneath they . ( continued ) 110 . 124 continued : 124 FIRE be really start to burn out of control now . it have spread to the engine of the ferris wheel , which , heat to the burst point , suddenly explode . the ride operator with the fire extinguisher be blow through the air , and the ferris wheel lurch to a halt . jenny and emma grip they safety bar as they bucket swing back and forth . Emma nearly fall out -- until Jenny grab she and hold she tight . jenny mo-om !! jenny' mother oh my God ! somebody help ! Gregg -- see the girl , they bucket have come to a stop about fifteen foot off the ground . think quickly , he jump up on the guard railing , then leap across to they bucket . he just grab onto the bottom . the bucket shake back and forth violently , cause the two girl to scream . Gregg look up at they . gregg do not be scared . climb down my back . the girl look at Gregg , too nervous to move . gregg come on . tentatively , Jenny and Emma climb out of they bucket and onto Gregg 's back , use he like a human ladder . they shimmy down to he foot , then drop off , one by one , into the wait arm of they mother . Gregg let go of the bucket , drop a good fifteen foot , landing roughly . the girl ' mother look down at Gregg , thankfully . jenny' mother thank you ! oh God , thank you ! Gregg , wind , just nod . CUT to : 111 . 125 ext . amusement park - parking lot - night 125 a phalanx of cop car race up to the park . 126 ext . amusement park - near carnival game 126 Jill move through the maze of carnival game . she spot Joe , move through the small building , clearly disorient . she yell out ... jill Joe ! Joe !! but above the tumult , he can not hear she . Jill push she way towards he , when she come face to face with ... strasser . just yard away . he flash he sicken smile , raise he gun ... on jill -- a look of terror crossing she face as she realize she 's about to die . then , as a shadow pass over she , she expression of terror melt away . on strasser -- see Jill 's expression , he smile fade . why 's she so calm all of a sudden ? he do not even need to turn around to know that : Joe be behind he . as strasser turn slowly around , Joe reach down swiftly and hoist strasser off the ground . the gun goe off , barely miss Joe . joe roar and crush strasser 's leave hand in he paw , a bone - crunching , slow squeeze that make strasser scream in agony . then Joe swing strasser around and grab he around the chest with he right paw . he pull he close to he face and blast a deafening roar into he face . Joe cock he arm and heave strasser with mighty force into the air . scream , strasser hurtle through space with incredible speed , crashing right through the flame signage of the " Big safari " booth , send out a shower of SPARKS ... ... and continue fly through the air until whack ! he hang up on a power line . strasser slip down , catch he fall with he fake hand . this section of the line be safe , but directly below it be a cluster of electrical junction box . crack and blister by the heat of the nearby fire , they be sparking dangerously -- to fall on to they would mean certain electrocution . ( continued ) 112 . 126 continued : 126 strasser 's bad hand begin to slip from the wire . desperate , he reach up with he leave hand to grab on -- only to remember that this hand have just be crush by Joe , and be useless to he now . strasser helplessly watch as he prosthetic come unclasp from he hand and he slip the last , fatal fraction of a inch . strasser fall onto the junction box , which explode in a shower of spark . strasser sizzle and die , while above he , the prosthesis still swing on the wire . 127 ext . park - continuous action 127 Jill stand where she be , freeze at the horrible sight of what have just happen . a dozen people scream and recoil . a swarm of policeman , lead by Commander Gorman , watch Joe 's violent action in stunne silence . Gorman motion to he man . commander gorman get the marksman up here ! now ! Jill know what 's come . convince Gorman be hopeless . she run to Joe . fearing for he life , she call for he to follow she deeper into the park . jill come on , Joe . come on . ferris wheel Gregg be catch he breath on the ground near the ferris wheel . Jill run up to he , Joe close behind . jill ( breathlessly ) Joe get strasser . he be try to kill I . gregg I know . I just hope they do . he motion to the cop , who have set up at the park 's edge . ( continued ) 113. 127 continued : 127 close on joe he 's not look at the cop . he 's focus on the ferris wheel . the fire be burn near the metal support that hold it upright . with each pass minute , the wheel 's mooring be get looser . pan up to a bucket at the very top of the wheel . two small hand hold on for dear life . he start move towards it . jill Joe ? in the next instant , Joe have start run for the wheel . jill Joe ! cop be get into fire squad position . a sharpshooter follow Joe through he scope . sharpshooter ( to fellow cop ) talk about a easy target . sharpshooter's Pov he 's get Joe right in he crosshair , when ... gregg ( o.s. ) stop ! Gregg and Jill run into the crosshair , wave they arm . gregg do not shoot he . Commander Gorman come forward , yell at Gregg . commander gorman ( to Gregg ) get out of the way . get back . ( to cop ) ready ... ( continued ) 114 . 127 continued : ( 2 ) 127 jill stop ! he 's not dangerous , please ... the Commander be furious at this two civilian keep he from he job . he bark order to two cop : commander gorman ( to two cop ) get they out of here ! now ! the cop be about to move on Gregg and Jill when Jason 's mother , panic-stricken , run up to Gorman . jason's mother Officer , help ! I can not find my son ! I think he 's still on the ferris wheel . jill look ! everyone turn to look at the ferris wheel ... sharpshooter follow Joe 's ascent through he viewfinder . he Pov - top of ferris wheel a frighten six - year- old boy pop he head up from a bucket . everyone be stunne as they see this lone child -- trap at the top . jason's mother ( in agony ) oh my God ! Jason ! pan down to reveal -- Joe be head straight for Jason . massive muscle pull he up higher , towards the endangered boy . on gorman ready to shoot Joe . Jill turn to Jason 's mother , quietly plead . jill he will save you boy . ( continued ) 114a . 127 continued : ( 3 ) 127 Jason 's mother look at Jill , panic . she swallow hard and turn to Gorman . jason's mother do not shoot . ( beat ) let he try . Gorman look at Jason 's mother , then at Joe . then at the boy at the top of the ferris wheel . he motion to he man . gorman hold you fire . 115 . 128 ext . ferris wheel - near top 128 Joe climb with all he strength , come to the top of the ferris wheel . on jason -- stare , wide - eye , at this miraculous animal . he watch , in awe , as Joe extend a massive hand and lift he out of he seat . on ground all eye watch , in awe , as Joe press Jason to he massive chest . on jill -- smile through tear . Gregg put a arm around she . behind they camera crew from local tv news station have pour into the park . they film all of this . at base of wheel the wood attach to the metal support have completely burn through . with a terrible cracking sound , the support begin to tear away . another explosion rock the wheel . it shudder . jason's mother oh , please , no ... widen shot -- the ferris wheel begin to tip over . on jill -- a look of horror pass over she face as well . gregg it 's go to tip ! everyone back up ! everyone start back away from the wheel . the wheel seem to fall slowly -- like in a dream -- send debris and flame spilling across the park . on joe as he cradle Jason tight in he arm . the wheel begin to fall towards the ground . ( continued ) 116 . 128 continued : 128 Joe jump away from the burn wheel -- Pov shot as the ground come rush up at he . joe hit hard , just clear the fall wheel by inch . he do not move . pan the crowd -- a eerie silence fall over everyone . the only sound the crackling of the FIRE . jill break free from Gregg and run toward Joe . Jason 's mother race with she . on joe motionless on he back . still cupping the boy , nestle and protect against he massive chest . a beat -- then Jason look up from Joe -- jason Mom ? Jason 's mother burst into joyous sob as she son climb into she arm . a general sense of relief pass through the crowd , except for ... jill she kneel by Joe stroking he great chest . Joe do not respond . Jill bow she head and cry deeply . people back away to give she room . how strange to see this huge , powerful animal still . Gregg come and kneel by Joe 's side . he check for a heart beat . for wound . Joe do not stir . Gregg be devastate , too . pan crowd ... firemen , paramedics and television reporter run through the park . the paramedics lead off the wounded . ( continued ) 117 . 128 continued : ( 2 ) 128 still hold she boy , Jason 's mother come forward . she recognize what Jill be go through she own version of mother 's grief . she approach respectfully ... jason's mother I be so sorry ... Jill be beyond comfort . she 's in another world . humming they lullaby , she rest she soft cheek in Joe 's giant paw for the last time . her blonde hair spill on he finger ... and then , slowly entering frame , a giant finger reach for Jill 's cheek and stroke it gently ... it take Jill a moment to realize she have not imagine this ... she open she eye , see the move finger , turn to look into Joe 's face , just as he eye open ... elate , Jill move up to Joe 's head and kiss he face a thousand time . Gregg take a deep breath , privately thanking god. Jason 's mother be tearful -- Jason be all smile . Jill tearfully blather soothing word ... jill ( kissing Joe 's head ) that 's right , Joe -- that 's right , big guy . that be a big fall but you be okay , be not you ? you be tough . you be so tough . yes you be . yes you be . gregg ( check Joe over ) we have get to get he check out . ( look around at crowd ) and get he somewhere safe . Jill look at Gregg with a heavy heart . jill ( bitter / rhetorical ) somewhere safe ? where be that ? Jason 's mother break in timidly . ( continued ) 118. 128 continued : ( 3 ) 128 jason's mother ( stammer ) perhaps ... I mean , maybe ... be not there anything we can do ? Jason push in front of he mother . he reach out he little hand and pet Joe . he look up at Jill and Gregg with a shine face and smile hopefully . ( alternate end of scene ) Jill shake she head at the mother and continue to pet Joe softly . jill ( kindly ) no . I do not think so . not unless you have a few million dollar on you to buy he a home somewhere . Jason 's mother nod hopelessly , comprehend the difficulty of the situation . but Jason have also hear Jill 's word . he push in front of he mother , reach into he pocket and pull out a crumpled dollar bill . he hand it to Jill and Gregg with a shine face and smile hopefully . jason here . for Joe . Gregg and Jill be move by the gesture . Gregg respect - fully take the dollar from the little boy while everyone look on . gregg thanks . Gorman and he man exchange glance , also touch by the little boy 's deed . now Gorman reach into he pocket and pull out a ten . he come forward and hand it to Gregg . gorman for Joe . now the other cop be reach into they pocket . they come forward with dollar in they hand . cop here . for Joe . Gregg 's hand and pocket be be stuff with money as dozen of people begin to come forward with whatever they can afford . Gregg look at Jill , overwhelm by what 's happen , and she face echoe he emotion ... CUT to : a118a . 129 ext . school - day 129 Jason walk up and down the aisle collect penny . he hold a collection can that read , simply , " Joe . " CUT to : 130 ext . new york subway - day 130 busy commuter rush through turnstile -- but stop long enough to throw money into a big Joe bucket manned by a guy wear a gorilla suit . CUT to : 131 omitted 131 132 ext . hollywood boulevard - day 132 we see Ray and he street - tough buddy collect money for Joe . CUT to : 132a ext . kweli be village - day 132a kweli walk through the outdoor bar , collect money for Joe from a half dozen villager . a hand , hold a few crumpled bill , tap he on the back . kweli turn around and come face to face with pindi . pindi stuff the money in kweli 's can and grin . pindi for mighty Joe , bro . 133 int . post office - pile of mail - day 133 dumped on the ground of the post office . pull back as four more bag be dumped . push in close on one envelope -- with a obviously foreign stamp simply address : " Joe Young , America . " dissolve to : 118a . 134 int . m.j.y. wildlife preserve - day 134 the blue sky above Africa . crane down to see : a entry gate with the word " Joe Young Wildlife Park " print across the top . beneath the gate : kweli , stand with Jill and Gregg , be blow a ceremonial horn , send a ancient bless into the air . as he finish , we hear applause . pull back to reveal 35 people -- local , villager , friend -- applaud the open of the park . voiceover begin : jill ( v.o. ) dear cecily : I promise to write you when Joe be settle and now I finally can . we finally dedicated the Joe Young Wildlife Park last week and it be one of the happiest day of my life . at last I have keep my promise to my mother . under the gate , Jill jump joyously on Gregg , and he whirl she around in a tight embrace . jill ( v.o. ) Joe seem so happy here . I know he feel that he 's safe . Gregg look o.s. and wave . gregg hey , Joe -- come on , big guy ... Joe come walk into frame . Gregg smile at Jill , very pleased with himself that Joe respond to he now , too . jill ( v.o. ) he and Gregg have become good friend . they even play together . and that jealous rivalry they have ? it 's all go . Joe swat Gregg to the ground and take he place next to Jill . jill ( v.o. ) well ... almost all go . ( continued ) 119 . 134 continued : 134 not completely amused , Gregg pick himself up and raise a warning finger at Joe . Joe look over at he , and purse he lip at Gregg , as if laugh at he own rough play . Joe turn and walk away up the hillside . Jill help Gregg up . he put he arm around she and kiss she hair . they watch Joe go . jill ( v.o. ) it 's be a long journey get to this place , but Joe be finally home . I think we all be . camera pull back over the crowd of villager who have begin sing a powerful African hymn . as the sound of they sing rise into the mountain sky , we -- CUT to : aerial shot tracking with Joe , who begin to run now , limb out - stretch with energy and joy , claim he freedom . the camera rise off of Joe to the verdant African landscape beyond . Joe 's home -- protect and free . fade out . the end