mile ahead written by Steven baigelman & Don cheadle int . mile davis ' manhattan home - day Black . then a freeze image - mile davis ( DC ) , 29 , full youthful glory , on stage on a soundstage , at the mic , in front of the first great sextet , 1955 , beautiful . the image begin to move , fast forward , whir ( stock ) , image blur by to a performance , many year later - credit roll mile davis , 53 , speak in he cool rasp . you have to lean forward to hear . he really know how to make you listen . mile ( 0.s. ) this one . right here ... the tape slow , play at regular speed . dave braden , 38 , speak . dave braden ( 0.s . ) ok . agartha ... mile ( 0.s. ) osaka , Japan . - ' 75 . " prelude 2 agharta " play . funky . nasty . gutbucket bass , guitar ... super : prelude fade up . fade out ... ( note : all super in the script be mile Davis song ) on stage : a trumpet player stand at the center , the hub of a quintet . tilt up to reveal : mile davis , 48 , adorn like a psychedelic pimp - god . hunched over , horn bell point at the floor , soak with sweat , he back to the audience , iconically mile , search for something bury in the music . dave ( 0.s. ) funky ... mile ( 0.s. ) yep ... cut the sound down ... technician ( 0.s. ) couple more minute here guy . dave ( 0.s. ) no , other side , Nick . a gear belly wipe frame - pull back fast , 70 style , focus and refocus , revealing mile Davis , look a little older , but clean as grandmom 's chittlin . he sit in a chair while the interview be set-up . mile hold a red trumpet , a small mic attach to the bell . in the room - he noodle on the horn , intermittently play with the music during the conversation . ( throughout the interview the camera play a modal phrase , its attention between mile here and the mile there in Japan ) . in japan - mile straighten , look out into the crowd ; we see fan groove to the rhythm reflect in he shade . he Pov : a dark void , flashbulb , shadow , a crowd of unseen fan . he start to play again but stop - for the first time in thirty year not know what to say . we see the moment from multiple angle and angel . from high up , mile look small . mile look to the wing , search ... for someone among that stand around , and beyond ... a face he cannot find ... reverse angle - Pov of mile from a empty void in the wing , camera move a little . alive ... two shot - mile here and in Japan . Japan mile be sit over ' 79 mile 's angel shoulder , but no longer play in he ear . dave ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) so , mile , I know it 's always '' go forward , go forward '' , but even if just for context we have to get into ( explore ) you earlier stuff and modal jazz 's influence - mile I do not like that word ; " jazz " dave ( 0.s . ) nope , I ... mile ( help they to '' get it '' ) that 's a make up word . tryin ' to box somebody in . ( get it ) do not call my music jazz . dave ( 0.s. ) right . you refer to it as the music of the time .... mile Social music . dave ( 0.s. ) Social music . perfect . on tv , mile mash out a atonal chord with he right hand and crank the volume louder and louder , silencing the band . as the din of the chord reverberate , recede , he contemplate the trumpet 's bell , etched with a curvaceous scroll , he name in bold , flicker blue in the stage light . dave ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( go quickly through the checkpoint ) so be-bop , boom . gil , the nonet thing ... then let 's dig in a little bit ... kind of Blue , so what , modality , of course , binary composition and how that apply to life , you life , woman and art , the box - mile ( obvious ) right. just not ... '' jazz . '' mile noodle . dave ( to techy ) we get close ? techy ( 0.s. ) almost . dave ( 0.s. ) cool . ( to mile ) ok , so I start ; in seventy - five , one of the most prolific and influential artist in all of music , shockingly , stop play . go silent , leave the world - mile look , you be gonna tell it , do not say it all corny and shit . on the tv screen , a surreal moment -- just the horn and mile surround by mute musician . freeze frame . dave ( 0.s. ) well , what would you say , mile ? frame as it be , it look like ' 75 mile be wait to hear the answer too . Long beat as mile think , compose in he head . mile put he horn to he lip . bam-bam-bam ! - gunshot tear into the aural landscape taking US to : int / ext . mile davis ' GREEN ( 4 seater ) jaguar - night soundtrack : " aghartha " pump up to full , 1970 blaxploitation shoot them up volume . the car roarrrrrring across a mostly desert lower manhattan street in the midst of a gunfight bam -bam -bam ! mile davis , passenger , dave Braden , white , driver , a black eye , fat lip , dry blood on he jacket , both dress slick , stylish , cool and ducking for cover - a black lincoln town car with black out window tearing after they - we do not see who 's in there , just one gun out the driver 's window blast the jaguar ... bam - bam ! mile , Dave , crazy adlibing : " fuck , shit , motherfucker ... " the towncar be ultimately no match for the rocketing jaguar -— Dave wrestle the wheel , stick , pedal , on the job training , fishtailing the beast around the corner - Dave lose control - the jaguar skid toward the wall - a bullet pierce the jaguar 's body - one slam into mile ' thigh - ( or ricochet off the sidewalk as walter scramble out of he car and into mile 's hip there ) mile howl as the jaguar spin , almost ram into the wall of a meat packing warehouse , before screeching to a stop ; it stall out . Dave can not start it . the towncar 's gunning right for they -— mile and Dave scramble out of the car , mile clutches a briefcase , hobbling . Dave help he -— mile firing at the oncoming towncar - it swerve , grind to a halt by the jaguar . walter , a serious look black dude jump out of the car - mile and Dave , scramble into a alley , mile trip , drop the briefcase , content spilling out : a bunch of staff paper with musical note scrawle on they fly away in the wind - plus a reel to reel tape in a can roll out ... ( label : 7 - 9- 78 ) . mile lurch for the tape , and at the storm of papers blow around he - it all mean everything to he . CUT to : int . mile davis ' manhattan home - day low crazy angle . where be we . all be silent save for a guttural , soft , scratchy , scatting . the camera move along the floor , discover a cockroach , move quickly , darting in and out of pocket of light , and over clutter , scattered debris , discard food wrapper , search for something clearly not find . a wad of paper crash to the floor near the bug , send it scurrying off for cover . we tilt up a pair of raggedy slipper , dark , ashen heel stuff into they , up rusty calve , the back of a wear out chair and up over the slump shoulder of a man hunch there , headphone plaster on he ear , a pair of wrinkle , charcoal hand jamme tightly over they . a reel to reel tape machine spool out unheard music . 7 - 9 - 78 write on the label . mile duh - duh - da - dee - da - Da - dee - da - we pan find mile frame like a never before see iconic photo of the cool ; he ebony skin challenging the darkness of he surroundings - he 's a stun sight . his chisele feature soften by shadow , he lithesome form drape in pale silk . in a instant , he spidery finger run tender circle around the perimeter of he scatting lip , like a memory of lose , but not forget love , then to a nearby pad of staff paper . mile scrawl , jotting hieroglyphics , the encrypt language of the papers just see blow in the wind ... mile ( cont 'd ) Da - dada - dee - dumdum - da - a distant angle . Dark . steamy sunlight beg at the hem of draw curtain . a former church . Little recollection of religion in the ghostly curve of the place . now it feel haunt . week , month of clothes strewn about , dirty dish , empty Heineken and cognac bottle , magazine , newspaper and grime carpet the floor , spider perch in spiderweb . drip of errant flicker light from a tv off -screen play with the corner of the frame . on the silent screen , grainy stock footage of boxer jack johnson , July 4 , 1910 , the " fight of the century " against great White hope jame J. jeffries before 20,000 people in reno . in the 15th round Johnson knock jeffries down , and the nearly all white crowd jeer , spitting rage ... we gather detail of a lusciously fray , once elegant trick out pad of animal skin , lucite and leather . photo on the wall shelf , on top of the piano , of mile with everyone who 's anyone , play everywhere on the planet . the world - beater . a sign say : " no Visitors " mile ( cont 'd ) Da - datdat - dedaw - that - that mile sit rivete , eye squeeze shut , 7 - 9 - 78 come through the headphone , as he scrawl on the pad , like a physicist try to work out the Theory of everything . mile 's face contort as a sudden pain shoot through he hip . he reach for it , he arm in the headphone cable , inadvertently pull it from the machine and let in a almost painful cacophony of sound : STREET noise ; car horn , shouting , other people 's shitty music , etc . a tea kettle on the kitchen stove whistling for all its worth ... the phone ringing and ringing ... incessant knocking on the front door ... on the radio : mile Davis , " so what " from " kind of Blue " . mile sit in the midst of it all for a beat . mile ( cont 'd ) ...fuck ... mile take the headphone off , he concentration blow . he stuff they into the table drawer the reel to reel machine sit on . the drawer stick and mile battle with the break thing , frustration ultimately win , and leave it half shut . this write session be over . mile ' eye adjust to the light , peek up , like flicker ember - stare at he trumpet on it 's stand , shimmer brass beneath the dust , like a glimmer of life , stare at he , challenging he to pick it up and play . mile ( cont 'd ) ' fuck you look at ? as to a wife in a marriage that have climb downward from love , to war , to neglect . in a instant , and unresolved . mile painfully stand and we almost hear the creek of rough live . he squint hard as he turn to go into the kitchen , pivote on he ruin hip . when mile open he eye he see - france taylor , early 30 , stare at he , perfection in milk chocolate , uncorrupt by the decay around she , with a aura of where you want to be . she glide by lock he in she gaze , a enigmatic look on she face . mile straighten up , lock into she eye . he start to speak but france almost imperceptibly shake she head , '' no , '' and walk on , her legs , forever , and ever , as she turn and go up the staircase especially design for this singular perfect view , and disappear into the bedroom , go from he sight . mile nod , pick up a half empty Heineken off the table and tug it back on the move , navigate through shadow throw by the crack of light . lay the empty beer bottle down on a table with other . pass , ignore the ringing phone ... pass , ignore he own sound on the radio pass , ignore the knocking on the door ... pass the tv - throw a stiff right hook into the air in unison with Jack Johnson , who knock jeffries down for a second time ... into the kitchen ... stove on , pour green tea into a cup - sip , soothes he throat , light a cigarette . after a long drag mile focus in on the blue flame of the stove burner . he 's captivate by the significance of the vision , if only for himself . the front door knocking stop and the cessation of this sound snap mile out of it . he cross back to the live room . tapping on the window now , mile ignore it ; through a crack in the curtain , we see the face of a piss off Dave Braden ... finally , mile have have it , and mile pick up the ringing phone : mile ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) what ? kingston mack ( v.o. ) ( thick Kingston accent ) ah , you dere , huh , bumbaclot ? you gonna make I hurt you , man . mile oh , be that right ? ( yell at the window ) get the fuck away from my window . Dave pop he head back out , leave he post , disappear . kingston mack ( v.o. ) do not play ' round with you life , junkie . I fronted you product . you know what that mean . mile fuck you , mack . get in line . kingston ( v.o. ) you show you junkie face in any my spot and - mile hang up . on the radio , " so what " end - dj phil schaap come on , rapping in the background : schaap ( v.o . ) phil schaap with you on kcwc - fm , New York , with the mile Davis marathon . that be the seminal " so what " , from " kind of Blue " , 1959 . that 's the one in the time capsule , folk . the one they will be talk about in a thousand year . the one you save from a burn building . the culmination . the mountaintop ... mile look at the stereo speaker , do not like what schaap 's say . mile pull some read glass out of a little drawer fill with the thing and grab a yellow page off the floor . he light a cigarette , rip through the book until he find a number , . the phone ring . mile pick it up - dave ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) hello , be this mi - mile hang it up , pick it up again and dial . while it ring on the other end , mile run he finger over some cocaine residue on the table , and brushes he upper gum . schaap ( v.o. ) if you be out there listen , mile , we miss you , the world miss you . five year be just too long . please , come back . radio operator ( v.o . ) wkcr-fm . mile it 's mile Davis ... yeah , really . put that motherfucker schaap on the phone . schaap ( v.0 . ) after mile put he stamp on this new music , the modal form , he go on to -- ( beat , stunne ) really ? oh , my goodness , this be incredible ... folk , I believe we have the mile Davis on the line . ( pick up the phone / on air ) Mr. Davis , be this really you ? mile yeah , it 's I . schaap my goodness . what a honor . this be - mile you talk too damn much . a time capsule be for old shit , dead shit . and I miss on " kind of Blue " . schaap ( v.o. ) miss ? but Mr. Davis , I think most people would say it 's a masterpiece . how exactly do you miss ? mile this be not a interview . I be a tough guy and I know tougher guy . if you tape this , I will kill you . you get that ? 10 schaap ( v.o. ) yes sir , I get that . mile good . now , forget it . ( shift ) and throw on some of that sketch of Spain for I . mile hang up the phone . sip more tea , fleetingly butt out he cigarette in a overflow ashtray , light another one - Dave Braden reappear , start knocking on the window again . mile ignore he , go to a easel with a in - process , wet oil painting of a lush , mostly red and black , Picasso - esque woman in the stand of a bullfight , a dark - skinned matador stand in the ring . he stop , step back , pick up the paint brush , dip it in color , add a couple stroke to the work , study it for a few moment ... schaap ( v.o. ) this one 's for you , Mr. Davis . concierto De aranjuez ( adagio ) , from sketch of Spain ... as " concierto De aranjuez ( adagio ) " , the romantic , epic music of battle ... come on the radio ... a muffle conversation in front of he door pull mile ' attention then - phump - today 's mail come through the slot , landing on a pile of week of unopen mail . mile walk over to the mail and with he bare foot sift through today 's arrival . Dave start knock again , creak open the mail slot . dave Mr. Davis . if you could just open the door for a moment ... mile do not find what he 's look for . a storm cloud form around he . mile walk over to the phone , dial . on the other end , George butler 's secretary answer : george' secretary ( v.o. ) George butler 's office . mile it 's mile . 11 george' secretary ( v.o. ) yes , sir . hold a moment . a few moment later , hear GEORGE on the other end answer . he 's solicitous , respectful . but this a old conversation . GEORGE ( v.o. ) hey , how be - mile my money do not come today . GEORGE ( v.o. ) hello , mile . mile where 's my check ? $ 20,000 . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( careful but firm ) where be the session tape ? mile you try to piss I off ? GEORGE ( v.o . ) ( sigh ) of course not , mile , but we have be over this ; we can not release more money — mile same shit - GEORGE - until Columbia get that new music . mile George - GEORGE I know there 's gold on that tape , mile . $ 20,000 be chump change compare to the business we be go to do . mile fume silently . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) come on , man , let 's do it . let 's put we head together and really start work on that comeback . 12 mile I do not go nowhere , George . now you want some music , send I my money . mile slam the phone down . Dave start knock again as '' sketch of spain " swell . mile cross tear open the door with the chain on , he jaw seriously work he chew gum - Dave Braden stand there dress differently than in the open shoot out . no style : tweed , corduroy , loosen tie , drop of red on he shirt , fresh scrape on he cheek , redden around he eye . Dave 's wear some kind of story that he 's in the middle of . dave Mr. Davis , hello . really sorry to bother you but , I be Dave Braden , Rolling Stone Magazine ? mile shut the door - Dave stick he foot in , prevent the door from close . mile ' look - be you crazy ? dave ( cont 'd ) waitaminute ... I be here to do you comeback story . wrong word . mile expression change . he nod . mile okay . the door close . Dave straighten up , tuck in , slick back he hair , try to appear half - way presentable . mile fling the door open and - pow - clock Dave in the face , Dave stumble back - dave what the - ? - recover , fend mile off . he block another punch - grab hold of mile shove both of they into a crazy dosey - doe , and suddenly : mile be outside , barefoot , while Dave be inside . Dave slam the door in mile 's face . intercut : mile outside , dave inside - mile pound on the door . mile open the door ! 13 dave take it easy ! mile open it ! Dave back away from the door , take the opportunity to walk up the three step , push open the saloon door and peer into the room . angle : pan to tape on the reel to reel , painting , box on the tv , the ruinous decadent decay , evidence of empty cocaine bindle and residue ; not what he be expect . Dave pull out a small pocket camera ( agfa optima 535 ) ; flash , flash , flash ... stow that then produce a tape recorder , push record . dave ( on hush , quick ) Inside the master 's dishevel lair , the rumor now reality , jazz 's Howard Hughes revile and reveal - mile open the goddamn door ! Dave stow he work , come back to the door . dave alright . no more punch , man . Dave open the door and mile charge in , he hip aching , come at Dave - mile get the fuck outta my house . hand up , Dave back - pedal , defensively away from mile and deeper into room ... dave calm down , Mr. Davis , please . I be - mile that 's the wrong way ! mile go to a nearby drawer and retrieve get he .38 special . dave shit , hold it ... I ... it 's a job - 14 Dave trip back over a table , fall to the ground - as mile arrive over he , and Dave blurt it out like a safe word . dave ( cont 'd ) Columbia ! you record company set it up ! mile stop - mile Columbia . dave yes . I be just a writer , man . after a scary moment - mile can you drive , motherfucker ? super : splash fade up . fade out ... int . mile 's jaguar / ext . mile 's manhattan home - a minute later Dave be in the driver 's seat , check out the freshest redden '' mouse '' under he eye in the rearview mirror - dave prick ... the front door of the house open - mile peek out gingerly into the sun , then exit , now wear a dope brocade robe , silk scarf and sunglass , look around , paranoid - mile open the damn door . - as he hobble down the stair to the car - Dave reach across the console and pop open the passenger door for mile , who get in . clock Dave 's run tape recorder on the dashboard . mile ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be that ? dave you mind ? mile take that thing off my goddamn dash or I be gonna slap you in the mouth with it . 15 Dave start to comeback on mile but bite he tongue , come out like something between a cough and a laugh . he pocket the thing , but not before he depress record . and mile be already scour the car 's interior for cocaine - glove compartment , map pocket , find nothing but empty bindle which he crumble up and toss . Dave clock the behavior . mile look at he - mile ( cont 'd ) let 's go . Dave work the ignition but it 's not turn over . mile ( cont 'd ) Pump it . dave yeah , I know how to ... the car grumble to life - engine roar - the 5 / 4 , 6 / 4 break , kinetic freedom of " splash " on the soundtrack , and they pull away from the curb just as a mg with 2 people inside , janice 25 , black , and dieter , 50 , white , pull up right where they be . dieter open the door and stand . Janice hop out , run to the front of the car , call out . janice mile ! mile and Dave do not hear or see Janice and dieter . Dave study mile for a beat . dave so , where be we go ? no answer . int . / ext - jaguar - CITY drive / stoplight - day dave look , maybe we get off on the wrong foot . I just need to get a little background - mile I gotta do you homework for you ? dave well , I could write some bullshit I get out of some ... magazine . ( more ) dave ( cont 'd ) but it would be nice to hear it in you own word , you know ? mile mile Davis story . my word . dave that would be great . mile ok . I be bear ... go to New York , meet some cat , make some music , do some dope , make some more music ... ... then you come to my house . take a leave . dave ( beat ) that 's it ? mile that 's it . dave great . guess I will fill in the blank later . mile it 's what all you motherfucker do anyway . mile point . Dave turn leave - ext . columbia record - a bit later Dave park in front of the Columbia record Building . mile snatch the key out of the ignition , get out . Dave be not move - dave I will wait down here . mile get the fuck out of my car . clear enough . Dave open the door - int . columbia record / george' office - minute later mile storm in with dishevel Dave , break up the meeting . 17 photo of mile perform , and with George , populate the office . all eye turn to the duo . GEORGE butler , 48 , black , soft -spoken style , stand up behind a large desk . in front of George 's desk , 2 white executive , 40s , sit in chair . in a 3rd chair off to the side be another white exec , well dress and coiff , ken schwinn , 30 . GEORGE mile - mile do not send people to my house . write some dumb , fuck article ... write a check , George . George 's secretary , outside the office , look in at George , shrug , " sorry " - George wave she off , " it 's okay " - she return to she desk . sitting on the couch behind mile and Dave ( and unnotice by they ) be a slender man , white , sharply tailore , a touch of the royal slick : harper hamilton , 35 , he right hand man , walter , and junior , 22 , thin , black , good look , jittery , jonese , a little sweaty , but sharp , if a bit wrinkle . his trumpet case at he foot . when junior see mile , he perk up , he idol right in front of he . GEORGE wait a second , mile , I - mile push Dave over toward George , Dave jerk he arm away , handle enough for one day . dave hey - mile take you boy back . GEORGE I do not send anybody to you house , mile . dave ok , guy - mile you send this motherfucker to my house to write some comeback story ? GEORGE I have never laid eye on this guy . 18 mile slow burn Dave . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) who be you ? dave Dave Braden . George be wait impatiently - dave ( cont 'd ) --- Rolling Stone Magazine . George buzze he secretary - secretary ( v.o. ) yes , sir . GEORGE ( to he secretary ) get I Jann Wenner at Rolling Stone , please . dave um , I be not sure Jann , himself , actually know I be here . GEORGE and why be that ? dave look , a source here at Columbia , not say who , tell I about mile 's session and that you guy be probably already long lead plan for the whole , you know , comeback , promotional thing and - Dave peter out . it sit there like a log for a beat . mile man , you see this ? this be the bullshit that happen when y’all start - GEORGE mile - dave can I say something - GEORGE you can get out - 19 mile I do a session ya will already get it out over the wire . GEORGE in fairness , that be almost a year ago — mile so what ?! can not wait to saddle I up again , huh ? the fuckin ' comeback . GEORGE call it whatever you - mile there be no Columbia without I . how many record I cut for you , George ? and I can not take some time off ? GEORGE of course you can . and you have . and now you have new material and we be all incredibly excited to - mile my material , man , my tape . and if I do not wanna give it to you - Ken , a take charge guy , put up he hand , nod at George - ken guy , guy , can I get in here a sec ...? mile snap a look . GEORGE ( a warning ) Ken ... ken s'okay . I get it . Ken schwinn , a&r. now , mile , as you know , you be under contract here , and we pay for that recording session , so we actually own that tape and whatever music be it . legally . and I do not mean this as a threat but - and George , back I up here - 20 GEORGE ( 0.s. ) mile ! bam - gunshot ! the lamp right next Ken 's head shatter . Ken yelp , duck . mile stand still , .38 smoking in he hand . Dave 's look at mile , sort of " holy shit " impressed . Ken and the other white guy be cower . mile you own my music ? you must be a rich man , then . how much money you get ? ken what ? George 's Secretary run to the door flushed . George hold up a stay hand , freezing she . mile walk up to Ken . mile on you . right now . how much ? ken uh , uh ... i...uh ... 4 - 5 hundred -— mile you know what they say in Missouri ? show I ! Ken take out a gold money clip , mile grab it , test its heft , turn to George - mile ( cont 'd ) you ' bout nineteen thousand light , but that 's a start . - stuff it into he jacket pocket . harper stand , impressed , laugh , clap . harper oh , man . check that motherfucker , Mr. Davis . I love that . mile swing around , business end gun not exactly point at harper , but close enough - walter reach like he might have a piece too , but harper stop he - harper ( cont 'd ) ( nice ) hey , hey ... be nice ... walter relax . harper reach out to shake mile ' hand . 21 harper ( cont 'd ) harper Hamilton ... mile and harper eye to eye . game recognize game . harper ( cont 'd ) what a honor , sir . if I may , I 'ma producer , work with this kid - he point to junior . harper ( cont 'd ) that 's junior ... mile look sideways at the kid , junior 's gaze , semi-defiant , look back , try to be cool . harper cock he head , nonchalantly play air trumpet - harper ( cont 'd ) scary . he 's play a late set at the vanguard tomorrow night . Love it if you have be my honore guest ... label mate . ( drop the bomb , gesture to George ) we be work out a deal here , too . mile look at George . juda . George shrug , " what do you want from I ? it 's business . " mile shake he head , just be replace . harper go on . harper ( cont 'd ) you be a fight fan , right ? harper reach back toward walter , snap - walter put two pass in he hand . harper ( cont 'd ) I get a boxer on the card at the Cathedral tomorrow night . maybe you would like to check that out too , we can talk a little shop ... harper hold out the pass to mile . beat . we hear Dave 's tape recorder click off in he pocket and all eye turn to he . mile stick out he hand . Dave sheepishly reach into he pocket and turn the tape recorder over to mile . mile and I be the asshole in the room , right ? 11 22 mile chuck the tape recorder into the waste basket , and walk out , junior watch he every step . GEORGE ( call after ) mile ... ( to Dave ) you. let 's go ... George grab Dave 's arm , start escort he out . dave hold it , hold it ... int . columbia record / outside george' office - continuous Dave pull away . harper watch , out of focus in the office bg . dave waitaminute , Mr. butler ! listen , listen ... ( step up close ) I get you that tape , I and you can do some business ? George start to answer then stop himself . he give Dave a hard look but do not say " no . " and in that space - dave ( cont 'd ) get it . do not say another word . ( he turn to the receptionist ) stair ! the receptionist point . Dave fly off toward a door , knock past a worker . harper 's make he way to the doorway , lean on the jamb - rack focus - harper man . what a waste . he 's probably more profitable dead than alive now , huh ? George out of focus in the foreground . 11 23 int . columbia record / elevator - same mile sit back against the rail - what this muthufuckas just make he do . his hip now . dull persistent ache . can not escape himself - he music : the be-bop , uptempo " tempus fugit " mock he from the speaker as a collage of Columbia cover / artist silently study he . Chief among they be france , again - on the cover of " someday my Prince will come " . he want to look at she , but do not , will not ... but she 's look at he . mile push at the back wall of the elevator and it roll back on caster open onto - int . los angele club - night 1957 a small group play on stage , see from the wing . the camera move around the band member - wind , brass , drummer , the pianist and eventually come around find mile Davis , 18 year young , step up to the mic , center stage , kill it in this intimate venue . watch he blow . super : tempus fugit fade up . fade out ... int / ext . convertible car - los angele 1957 night buddy , 30 , drive . pretty nora , black , 20 , up front with buddy . mile , stylish , hair do in a marcel process , be in back with he beauty , ava , 20 , white . mile be high , you can see that shit in he eye . laugh and good time all around . ava stand , arm raise , all sexy abandon , start scream as loud as she can . mile pull ava back down , rubber neck for cop . Zoom ... ext . france 's house - night buddy pull over to the curb , park . buddy gotta give this little bird a thing for my friend . be right back . get a Tiffany 's box from the glovebox . buddy exit the car , cross the road to a small apartment build , open air , California - style , ring the buzzer . mile ' attention be snatch away from ava as france appear at the top of the landing of she building . she walk down the stair - that leg . the first time he 's laid eye on she . take he breath away . 24 as ava and nora talk , mile get out of the car , lean on it , light up a cigarette . buddy and france greet , he give she the Tiffany 's box , she 's pleased , thanks he , they chat a minute , but she eye find mile across the street , and they lock in a forever moment sealing they future . mile turn back to the car , mask the follow : mile dip into he pocket , come out light , only a couple singles . mile ( smile ) ava , let I hold Mr. Jackson . ava ( giggle ) sure , mile ... ava hand mile a $ 20 bill . mile and , hand I that pen . ava reach into she purse , hand mile she pen . he drop he cigarette , grind it out as he stride across the street . buddy turn to walk back , mile pass he and step up to france . mile ( cont 'd ) hi. I be mile Davis . france I know . - france Taylor . mile pull out the $ 20 , write he detail on it , hold it out . mile now you do not have to stare . france smile , shrug , let 's he just hang for a beat before eventually take the bill . mile smile , turn , walk back to the car cool as shit . somewhere a phone ring . mile ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) hello ? france ( v.o. ) ( soft , smoky ) come watch I dance , mile . 25 int . NYC theatre / grand theatre — day mile step into the shadow of the wing , smoking a cigarette , digging the porgy and bess rehearsal ; for he it 's all about the lead dancer : france . stand by mile be he close friend and arranger , gil evan , 40s - white , rail thin , a natty argyle style , contrast mile ' finely tailore italian suit . france be play bess - lusty , steamy in she move . she inspire mile , she seem to be look right at he , dance just for he - it 's all over he face , he 's fall in love . his inspire eye drift to the trio ; he zoom in on the piano key , the way the musician move , collect , co-opt - and then back to france , the key to it all -- dance a sexy pas-de - deux with the chisele , handsome lead dancer ; mile cloud over . Fran stop the music with a wave of she hand . france hang on . let 's do that last section again . from the diminuendo ? choreographer sure . france cue the pianist , they begin again . mile clock a couple white man ( producer / financier ) , look , in mile 's mind , at france like he do - with desire ; he 's suddenly jealous know the man can see up she skirt as it fly and flutter around she . mile look threaten , angry , he gut turn , surprised by he reaction , all new for he , this obsessive desire to possess a woman . france spy mile in the wing , and lock in , relishing she power over he . she purposefully push away from she partner and pirouettes in mile 's direction , use he as she spot . almost there , she trip ... mile grab for france , but before he catch she -— int . columbia record / stairwell - day Dave surfing / trip down the stair , '' complete '' france 's fall but now in ' 79 . Dave hit the landing hard . dave ow . shit - 26 he scramble to he foot , continue limping , down the flight of stair . int . columbia record / lobby - continuous mile exit the elevator as Dave emerge from the stairwell , trail mile through the lobby and eventually outside . ext . columbia record build - continuous Dave bolt from the building , get to the car as mile get in , the jag a little box in by park car - dave hey , I get you , it 's cool , I will drive . mile shut he door . Dave talk through the close window . - dave ( cont 'd ) look , I should have tell you what be up right off - mile stick the key in the ignition , crank it but the ignition will not turn over - dave ( cont 'd ) look , I understand where you be come from with that guy up there - the car finally roar to life and mile put it in reverse prepare to pull out . Dave rush in front of the car , make he case through the windshield . dave ( cont 'd ) - it 's never enough , right ! they just suck you dry and fuck you over ! int / ext . jaguar - continuous mile look back to check behind he , the turn itself hurt - that hip 's a bitch today -- and no medicine yet - fuck ! Dave clock it . dave listen , listen , listen , listen - sidl up . 27 dave ( cont 'd ) - fuck the interview , okay ? let 's get right . I know what you need , man . let I get you right ! mile look at he sideways , ease off the gas a bit . dave ( cont 'd ) ( mouth big ) I probably should not shout this next part . Dave gamble , creep around to the driver side , motion mile to crack he window -- dave ( cont 'd ) I know a guy , get it like , whooo , from the root , it 's good , not step on , we can go right now . beat . they stare at each other . then mile get out of the car . Dave step back , make space for this piss off man with a gun . mile you be a crazy , white motherfucker , you know that ? dave yeah , I know . mile cross around the jaguar , get in the passenger seat . dave look in at he - dave ( cont 'd ) so ...? Dave gesture toward the driver 's seat . mile you waitin ' for I to put a hankie down ? Dave slide behind the wheel - int / ext . mile ' jaguar static - continuous mile watch the street for a beat then - mile where we go ? 28 dave Columbia . mile we just leave Columbia , muthafucka . dave the other one , muthafucka . they drive off into traffic ... ext . columbia university - a bit later Dave and mile drive up in the jaguar right in front of a dorm building , in the red zone . int . mile ' jaguar - continuous get out of the car - mile look around like , '' really ? '' dave ( trust I ) really . ext . dorm build - moment later Dave hold the dorm building door open for mile . dave I do a story on this kid 's father . Big shot doctor who ... crazy shit , do not matter . anyway , the rich little fucker 's get the goods ... mile follow Dave - int . dorm build - moment later at a dorm room door down the hall now . dave how much you hold ? mile whatever 's in that clip . dave alright , just follow my lead . 29 mile scoff . Dave knock on a dorm room door . the only reaction to Dave 's knock be the volume on the music go up . be that the sound of fuck under the music ? Dave rap harder . mile 's get that look on - ' shit better be here or you be dead . justin ( 0.8 . ) later . Dave really bang on the door , when finally it open - justin ( cont 'd ) what the - revealing a exasperate and slightly out of breath 22 - year - old skinny white kid , boxer short , severe bed -head : a jam play on the stereo . a bong and weed on the table , the kid be not expect company . justin ( cont 'd ) ( especially this company -— in fact the last person he have expect to see ) no , uh-uh — dave Justin , wait - Justin go to close the door , but Dave lean in - stalemate . justin who the fuck be you to show up at my - you know what '' off the record '' mean , asshole ? Justin try to close the door , Dave hold it . dave aw , c’mon man , you know what be up with that . you want to burn you old man and I help . so what - justin so what ?! mile ( enough ) get on with it , man . that signature voice draw Justin 's attention . it take a second to register but when it do , a '' holy fuck ... be that mile Davis ? '' look spread across Justin 's face . 30 dave ( that 's right ) uh huh . Dave push the door open revealing mile Davis to Justin . Dave and and mile enter . justin yeah , I be ... come in . they already be in but Justin be a little stunne with one of he idol in front of he . Dave close the door . int . dorm room - continuous Inside , a naked blonde co -ed , tami , be on the bed , cover herself with a sheet . she 's real cute . look around the room , state of the art , daddy pay for stereo system - kind of a loungy pad , old leather couch , couple cool book strewn about , sign poster on the wall ; coltrane , Jimmy page , James Brown . Justin can not take he eye off mile . dave let 's do this quick . ( off tami ) we do not want to take up too much of you time . justin c'mere a second , man - but it 's Justin who move in close to Dave - authoritative and star-struck at the same time - justin ( cont 'd ) what be go on ? why be he with you , I mean , why be you with he . what do you - dave hey , genius ... Dave stare at he , wait for the nickle to drop . Justin look to mile , back to Dave , get it . justin oooohhhh , right . yeah , yeah , yeah -— Justin move to and open a lock drawer , a scale and cocaine inside . 31 justin ( cont 'd ) so , what can I do you for ? dave make it a ei-- mile - a quarter . Dave shoot mile a look . mile just stare at he . justin Quarter . yes , sir . when Justin scoot off to the stash , mile pat he pocket , the .38 nestle inside . '' this can go another way too , you know . " Dave try to keep cool , but this be fuck up . mile sniff deeply , clear the pipe as Justin weigh out the dope . he be not leave with a flake less than 7 gram . Justin 's oblivious . justin ( cont 'd ) you know who the fuck this be , tami ? tami half shrug . Justin 's word come out in a excited whir . justin ( cont 'd ) wow . what a fuck honor . I have a bunch of you -- ( point across the room ) -- and not just yours -- I mean , the whole , you know ... original experience . blue , gospel ... Black music be where it 's at . Justin look mile up and down , seemingly really see he in he dishevel state for the first time . justin ( cont 'd ) you ... want to sit down , Mr. Davis ? in mile eye , '' fuck you and you pity '' - but he cover . mile yeah . scoot over , tami . Dave chuckle . tami grin , scoot over , pat the mattress next to she . Justin smile , shake he head - justin alright . Justin hold out the bag of coke to mile - 32 justin ( cont 'd ) that 's eight -hundre even . mile toss Justin the short clip . Dave go in : dave whoa , whoa , whoa , what ?! yeah , it 's $ 600 any other day I do not come in here with he , right ?! justin what be you talk - mile what ? justin ( to Dave ) whoa , whoa , whoa ? c’mere , man ! Justin go over close to Dave again . less sycophantic . justin ( cont 'd ) first you fuck I and now you be gonna fuck I ? Dave talk loud . dave forget this kid , mile . he 's a crook . you be a crook , Justin . justin fuck you - ( make he case to mile ) - this be the price , Mr. Davis . dave you have get to be joke - Dave go over to Justin 's extensive record collection , and pull out one classic mile record after another , name they - dave ( cont ’d ) look at this ... birth of the cool , porgy and bess , sketch of Spain , kind of Blue -- Jesus , you get a whole lifetime of this man 's stuff and you be shyster he - mile ( play along ) which one do he play , tami ? 33 tami hum " so what '' the famous first two note in mile 's canon . tami doo-do tami ( cont 'd ) he play that one a lot - that one too . I like that one . mile walk over to the collection , have a look for himself , find '' someday mpwc '' , pull it out . dave of course you do . justin listen , I be not shyster you , Mr. Davis . look - ( count the cash , peel off a couple bill , put they on the table ) - this be fine . i’1l give you a eighth . dave man , you be still stupid ... Dave pick up the album . dave ( cont 'd ) .-- " give '' he a eighth . go get I a fuck pen . Dave hit the right note . Justin prick up . this be gold . Dave glance at mile who smile slightly Dave 's solo ( coltrane ) , both of they play this kid now . mile then turn , dead serious . mile no. dave just do a couple , mile ... mile um um . dave right . sorry . I be think ... forget it . that be stupid . let 's go . Dave plop the record down . 34 justin wait , w-w-waitwaitwait ... just hold on . listen ... I - I be sorry - ( in tight to mile , confession ) look , I have go ape-shit if you would sign a couple of this for I . you do that , it 'il cover what you be short . Justin find a pen , hold it out to mile - dave for the quarter , yeah ? justin yeah , for the quarter , what do you think I be say , jerk ? mile '' reluctantly '' take the pen . Justin grab the record , hand they to mile with reverence . as he sign , mile look at the iconic record cover for a moment . be a minute since he 's really look at any of they . mile this be the old shit , man . I have do like fifteen album since " kind of Blue . " justin yeah , but this be the stuff people dig . mile chuckle gravely , sign two but stop on " someday mpwc " . consider france on the cover . Dave can tell , this woman really mean something . mile sign one more , hold out he hand . Justin give he he quarter of coke . mile do a quick bump to test it , nod at Justin - justin ( cont 'd ) right ? - and pocket the coke . Justin hold out the empty money clip to mile . mile keep it . mile tuck france under he arm . 35 justin uh ... and exit out the door . int . mile davis ' manhattan home / dilapidated church - day mile and france enter frame arm in arm in the cavernous main room of the dilapidate church . dusty pews and scary judgemental angel , sun shine through the stain glass window . flamenco sketch play . france scan the room then slowly stride away from mile down the center aisle , hand lightly touch the pews . as she pass , pirouetting , the room change , darkness become light ( this effect will be achieve with a series of photo from a " lock off " camera position as the room be dress ala City of God ) . the final photo ; france reach the end of the room and turn back to face mile . the scene come to life , the space transformed , a elegant stairway as its centerpiece , lead straight up to heaven . they both bound up the stair into the bedroom . int . mile davis ' manhattan home / bedroom - later mile and france make love . deep , passionate ... int . mile davis ' manhattan home / bedroom - later france and mile lay on the bed have a lively conversation , laugh , sip champagne . france be beautiful and mile drink she in ... france ... so , it 's the same ... mile ( sly smile ) oh , it 's the same , huh ? france yes . she float she hand in the air . mile reach he up to meet it . she hold she hand in a half finish flourish - 36 france ( cont 'd ) you know what I mean ? when it 's right there ... and you hold it ... and you do not breathe , and they do not breathe , and you be hold they ... and then - mile whoosh ... in a moment of inspiration , Fran hop up , wear only mile ' shirt , and begin to dance ... france we fly ... ..- mile ' visage slowly change from rapt by she to rapt by something else . as mile watch , her voice fade out - we see he 's in love with she not only entirely , but it 's every piece of france that he adore ; hand , she leg , hair , eye , etc . mile focus on each part , break she down , Picasso - esque ... deconstruct chopin -- we now hear disparate note , a chord , then another in the progression ; half a tone up , birthing a composition base on the nine note scale that bookend the composition , go , - the sound - track to france 's dance . Fran spin , laugh , push in . mile eye narrow as he focus on what 's form in he mind . Fran spin , close she eye , give over to the rapture she feel . when she open they , mile be go . Fran smile to herself , slightly high , know where he 's head and that she 's the elixir he drink to create . she head out the door see mile at the bottom of the stair - call - france ( cont 'd ) sweetheart ... her voice faint , the chord on the soundtrack in control now . mile keep move . int . mile davis ' manhattan home / recording studio - moment later mile do a warm - up run on he horn as france enter . she call to he but she voice be all but a whisper now . mile cock he head listen more closely to the chord , bring it forward in be mind as well as in the track . he play to it . 37 Fran watch , prideful . mile finish a phrase , half turn and catch sight of she . she put on a little fake pout , '' you leave I alone . '' mile playfully pout back , go to she . mile aww , baby girl ... mile kiss france softly , deeply . she kiss mile back , walk backwards with he toward the couch , pull he down . he drop down sit next to she and after a moment , draw away look in she eye . mile , taste she on he lip , rub he finger around he embouchure , close he eye , languidly blow Fran 's softness into the horn . then mile ' attention be draw to the sound of ... be that funkadelic ? ext . mile davis ' manhattan home / STREET - same mile and Dave pull up to the curb . mile take the stash of coke and he gun out of the secret compartment , seem somehow effect by the france moment we have just witness . mile hop out , pop he hip back in place as Dave arrive on the sidewalk next to he . dave Jesus ... mile hold he hand out to Dave . mile key . Dave plop the key into he hand . mile head to the door , take the jag key off the ring , Dave follow . mile ( cont 'd ) tell you what ; gas I up , get it wash and then go grab I some catfish . dave ( beat ) cat - be you serious ? mile you get a problem with that ? Dave sigh , test two , I guess . he will grin and bear it ... until he can get that tape . dave yeah , sure — 38 Dave hold out he hand for the key but then they both cock they head to the door . ( mile Davis ?) Music on , people 's voice . mile and Dave exchange a look , then mile turn the knob , push in . int . mile davis ' manhattan home - moment later mile be stunne . there 's a party in full swing ; funk music blast on the stereo . 40 people , black , white , shady , musician , drug addict , the kind of people who party in you house when you be go . dieter , who get out of the cab earlier with Janice , be the first to spot mile , poke Janice , point . they work they way over to get to mile . Dave be wait for mile to blow up , as other guest greet he like a famous stranger in he own house . Janice , zoom a little , put she arm around mile - janice hey , baby , you do not hear I call - ? mile what the fuck be go on , Janice ? janice it 's Tuesday ? mile so what ?! janice do not you remember ? you say we could party over here Tuesday . mile I be not talk to you in forever . when I say that ? janice you know , like ... week ago . mile make he way over to the reel to reel machine , Janice in lockstep with he . mile you always pull some shit - how would you get in anyway ? 39 janice remember ? that key you hide from I that time ? mile push a couple stone people away whose tipsy drink threaten to spill on the machine - and he tape ... mile move , muthafuckas - dieter jam up to mile while he hurriedly fast forward the tape , remove it from the machine . Dave note it , move in behind he , stay close to he prey . as mile put he tape away , dieter ramble on : dieter miiiiiiiles daaaaaaaaviiiiiis . good to see you again , my man . dieter hold out he hand for a shake , mile do not even notice . you know , you be so far out the way you just stop make music because you decide when you live and die , the artist be God ... mile get the tape in it 's can , stuff it into a drawer as a few gawker pass here and there , clocking mile '' shit , that 's he ... etc . '' mile struggle with the stick drawer . dave let I help you , man ... Dave help mile find the slide , constantly clocking the tape , it 's date , try not to be obvious . dieter and when you be dead , you will be bigger than ever , and you should burn you body in the gange River , the holy water - mile get the fuck off I , Hitler . dieter hitler ! outrageous ! mile finally get the drawer shut . 40 janice dieter , cool it . dave yeah , man . back up ! Dave play bodyguard now as mile lock the drawer with one of the key on he ring , Dave clocking it all . mile scoops up france and turn to Janice . mile get all this muthafucka 's outta - janice ( quick ) please , mile . you promise I . and I straighten up and everything . look , I ’‘1l tell everybody to leave you alone , and we will not go too late , ok ? please ... beat . mile stare at she , hold on to france . he point to he reel to reel . mile keep you simple - ass friend away from my shit . janice of course , baby . mile and stay the fuck out the basement . Janice turn push dieter off . mile head toward the door lead downstairs , flip through the key . dave want I to stay up here , keep a eye on thing ? mile open the basement door with he key . mile c'mon . angle dave : Dave glance at the tape , follow mile through the door . as the door close behind they , glimpse the saloon door open and harper , walter , and junior enter . junior have he trumpet case in hand . 41 walter told you . harper yes , you do . kudos to you source . junior I do not know about this , man . harper you do not need to know - I know . you just do you thing . junior we be just gonna walk right up on he in the middle of a party ? harper put a arm around junior . harper you know who John coltrane be before he be John coltrane ? a bar walker . he literally walk across the bar play he horn , people throw nickel at he . then mile hear he play - ( harper mime a plane take off ) whoosh ...! '' John coltrane '' . you think you be worse than a bar walker ? trust I . we will find a little corner , you will play and that will be it . junior ( wary ) yeah , he do not look too much like he want to - harper junior , stop play with you pussy , alright ! this be ' take a shot ' time . junior ( low , look away ) fuck you , harper ... harper smile . junior be just like he like he ; edgy . ready to blow . 42 int . mile davis ' manhattan home / recording studio - moment later mile and Dave enter mile ' sanctuary ; a State of the art studio . the sorcerer 's cave . mile ( mutter ) India ... muthafuckas be crazy .. a trumpet on a stand , a electric piano , drum . his grammy on a shelf , one be use as a doorstop - he gold and platinum album line the wall , box photo of sugar Ray , Jack Johnson , Joe Louis , and of mile sparring in the ring . a heavy bag hang from the ceiling . Dave look around , impressed , realize he 's inside mile ' brain . dave okay . cool ... you record a lot down here ? mile yeah , sometimes ... mile put the " ... Prince ... " record down , dump some coke on france and cut some rail . she look at he disapprovingly . mile ( cont 'd ) so what ...? dave man , she 's beautiful . that look in she eye , that 's something . mile umhm . dave france , right ? mile shoot Dave a quick look then both man 's attention be draw to the door upstairs and the jiggling of the knob . mile shake he head , tear off a piece of staff paper cover in he scrawl of musical note , roll it up and snort a line . hold it out for Dave . dave ( cont 'd ) I be good . mile shrug - suit yourself , start to put it to the side . dave ( cont 'd ) uh ... 43 Dave reconsider , reach for it . mile hand it over and Dave do a rail - dave ( cont 'd ) oh , man ... Holy fuck , man . fuck - fuck - mile yeah , Tuesday , like a motherfucker . Dave sit , stand , sit , shake he head , really play it up . dave wow . mile you gonna make it ? dave I be gonna need a drink , man , or a , or a valium , or a quaalude , or a brick ... mile chuckle at he jester , share the laugh with france , veile in dope like lace , twinkle back at he . mile reach to the side , pull a couple heinekin out of a mini fridge . dave ( cont 'd ) uh , I be think something a little stronger , you know . one of that drink upstairs . you mind ? point up . beat . then mile smirk . mile go head . mile toss Dave the ring of key - mile ( cont 'd ) lock it behind you . Little silver one . and grab I some of that brown . dave cool. good. yeah . Dave exit with the '' key to the kingdom '' . mile look at he trumpet - it look at he - he wander over to the heavy bag , start jabbing it . pop - pop - pop - musically rhythmic - something stir in he , eye pass over france without look at she , to the piano . 44 int . mile davis ' manhattan home / MAIN room - moment later Dave lock the basement door behind he , he gaze draw to the reel to reel table and the drawer hold the tape . dave Dave Braden , you be so bloody good ... he make a beeline for the it . arrive at the table Dave look for something to conceal the tape in , spy mile ' valise on a shelf next to the cabinet , papers brim over - that will do . he tag the small key on the ring and shove it into the lock , open the cabinet drawer - double check the label on the tape , the date ( push ) - bingo . dave ( cont 'd ) hello ... he pocket the key - he wheel spin for a hot second , a define moment : '' be I a thief , or be I a journalist ...? '' harper ( 0.s. ) Rolling Stone ... Dave casually drop the valise and hip close the cabinet drawer ( but it stick and do not close all the way ) as he turn to find harper push through people to get over to he , junior trail . dave hey . harper how would you weasel you way back in ? dave ( a little point ) waltze right in with the rest of the riff raff . harper lucky you . where 's mile ? dave no idea . harper so what be you do here ? 45 dave I be a writer , man . kinda what we do . walter walk up as Dave grab a bottle of brown liquor off a nearby table . walter chick over there say mile be with he . harper I hear that too . dave he be . he leave . harper Left he own party . dave ( indicate the room ) it 's he house . it be not he party . people just ... show up . harper look at walter , chuckle , point to Dave , " get a load of this asshole . " dave ( cont 'd ) ( cop to it ) yeah , it 's kinda fuck , huh ? my understanding , happen a lot . Dave take a pull on the bottle . harper help yourself . he take another swig . dave it 's not yours , the fuck you care ? insulted , harper cock he head at this creature who for some strange reason want to be abuse now . walter step around to oblige . Dave take a slight step back . dave ( cont 'd ) ok , relax ... take it easy , man . hey , you mind if I ask you a few question ? walter ... the fuck outta here ... 46 Dave back away . dave and he continue , undeterred by enmity and rancorous spite , fix on he prize , he bow string , taut ... Dave turn , and fold into the party . walter Fucking clown . harper turn to speak to junior , Dave take the opportunity to quickly unlock the basement door and rush inside . harper this be what I be talk about , kid . do not let this be you future , okay - bunch of degenerate party in you house and you be not even home . junior yeah ... when harper look up , Dave 's go . junior be draw to the reel to reel machine , intrigue by what incredible music might have spun through this wheel . harper walter , go get the car . junior touch the machine with reverence , then happen to peek down into the expose drawer below . his eye widen . junior whoa ... harper clock junior , walk over and have a peek for himself . a cheshire cat grin spread over harper 's lip . harper ( to himself ) Fucking Rolling Stone ... int . mile davis ' manhattan home / recording studio - moment later Dave open the door hearing mile play the piano ( chopin cum go ) , compose on the fly . mile jot down some scribble on ledger paper then speak without look up . 47 mile what take you so long ? dave ( ala dieter ) miiiiiiille daaaviiis ! mile he get you too , huh ? Dave nod , hold the liquor out to mile . mile ( cont 'd ) we drink out of glass here , muthafucka ? dave of course . I do not know what I be ... be right back . Dave happily start to head back up . mile give it here . dave you sure ? mile ' answer be he extend hand . Dave 's gonna be here for a minute . dave ( cont 'd ) okay . mile take the bottle , throw back a swig . dave ( cont 'd ) so ... that be beautiful , man . I do not know you play piano . mile take another swig , go back to play the piano . mile this be not play . play around , maybe . dave sound good to I . ( beat ) so you study piano too , huh ? mile just wake up black and know how to play . 48 dave you be black ? mile chuckle . Dave smile . they be start to ease into it . Dave pick up box glove , casually check out the wear and tear , ponder they history . mile france love chopin ... dave ( off record cover ) yeah ... she look ... very classy , you know . refined kinda mischievous too ? mile ( on be own beam ) stravinsky , bartok , chopin ... study all that cat , man . they break convention , you know . push back at that ... standard , classical bag ... Bird and diz be do that on stage every night , on the fly . do not write it down . just come out of them . shit be scary . I want to quit every night . Dave slip on the glove , really start tuning mile in . mile ( cont 'd ) the old people come up to I and ask , '' why do not you play the way you use to ? ' I say to they , ' tell I how I use to . ' " you have to play a long time to be able to play like yourself . man , do not do nothing like you use to . it do not move , then that 's dead music . it 's dead . mile stop play . do not move . neither do Dave . a weight moment . dave so be it ... fair to say that mile turn to Dave , narrow he eye . mile you turn , muthafucka . a37 49 dave my turn what ? mile gesture ; '' give it up . '' Dave smile . dave ( cont 'd ) oh , you want the Dave Braden story , huh ? okay ... I be bear in Scotland , grow up , write some shit , do some other stuff , then I come to you house . mile smile . mile you forget something . who sock you up ? dave ( smirk ) you go senile ? mile before I . Dave sigh . ext . new york STREET - earlier today Dave stand near a car argue with someone unseen . dave ( v.o. ) ( beat ) my wife 's cock - sucker boyfriend - he turn , respond to a voice and get sucker - punch , hit the pavement . ralph , 35 , a big ape , start rummage through he pocket . dave ( v.o. cont ’d ) - think it be he job to collect twenty - dollar and fifty cent of fuck alimony . Dave 's Pov : a beautiful woman , susie , 32 , in a park car at the curb , look down at he . she mouth , " I love you ... " Ralph take Dave 's money and they drive off ... back to - mile ' home studio - as before a37 dave ( cont 'd ) then I come to you house . 50 Dave do a small bow . beat . mile alimony . dave yeah . mile so ex-wife ... dave yeah . say it almost misty though . mile ( beat ) you really miss she , do not you ? dave yeah . mile giggle , get up from the piano . mile man , throw a punch . Dave be dumbstruck for a moment . mile ( cont 'd ) come on ... mile go to the bag , hold it . Dave throw a easy punch . mile ( cont 'd ) now throw a real one . Dave look at he , hit the bag hard , move mile back a bit . mile recover , wince , he hip . Dave do not see , or care . mile play it off . mile ( cont 'd ) hold the bag . Dave hold the bag for mile . mile ( cont 'd ) naw , you do not lock down chick like that , man ... mile hit the bag . 51 mile ( cont 'd ) punch come from the hip , right . hip . mile hit the bag again then hold the bag for Dave - brace . Dave throw a hard punch . mile absorb , return the bag for Dave to hold . mile ( cont 'd ) turn you wrist over , snap it . mile keep punch - fuck the pain - like the pain - need the pain - mile ( cont 'd ) wive be for kid , and serious shit . you do not mess with that . ( beat , mutter a rare admission ) yeah , I coulda do that better ... dave what ? mile shake he head - nothing . he step into he punch - int . recording studio midtown / engineering booth - day the horn on the track go from gil and mile porgy and bess , blare out strong . mile in the booth drop hard onto the couch , make a phone call . teo let 's get another one , gil . two sexy girl be perch next on the couch too , look at mile like he 's the daily special . in the studio , musician play . the european ring be replace . receptionist ( v.o. ) savoy Hotel , London . mile france Taylor . room 516 . receptionist ( v.o. ) yes , Mr. Davis . one moment . mile listen , wait . playback stream over the speaker , the open passage of " gone " . a bit of a mess . then - 52 receptionist ( v.o. ) I be sorry , Mr. Davis , there do not seem to be a answer . would you like to leave another - mile you muthafuckas know how to slip a note under a door ? mile hang up . he take a long drag on he cigarette and exhales , he countenance cloud , finally focus on the girl on the couch for a beat , say nothing . he take another drag , stub out he cigarette . walk back into the studio , interrupt the take . int . recording studio / booth / midtown - continuous Philly Joe Jones , Paul Chambers and a 12 piece group , conduct by gil Evans , be work through " go " from " porgy and bess " . gil Evans , he face a cipher , stop the group ... again . gil ( wave he hand ) alright , alright ... the musician groan . mile timing 's all mess up . paul I play my nine in perfect time . mile that 's the problem , man . everybody be not playin’ the chart like it 's write , at least be musical about it . ernie royal man , this be some tricky shit . mile so what ? be wrong strong . otherwise lay out . teo , can you hear the Jerome and phil ? in a series of cut we see mile genius as he rearrange the player , maximize the acoustic , change a note or two for the woodwind section , confer with gil , etc . then - 53 cuT : a light a airy moment - a break in play ... mile ( cont 'd ) yeah , we be all up in that shit like a muthfucka . cleaner than a break dick dog . ernie yeah that suit be somethin’ else . mile yeah , prez turn I on to that cat . CUT : gil okay , let 's take it from the head . engineer ( 0.s. ) " go " take fourteen . they play again , fumble to the same result . before gil can stop they , mile play he solo , he eye dare anybody to cut he wisdom . the group power through the song ... int . mile davis ' manhattan home / bedroom - later / night ringing . mile be in a silk robe , in a chair in the master bedroom , slump back , look bored . he answer the phone as we begin to dolly around he . mile what ? france ( v.o. ) hey. mile hey ? I have be call you all damn day . france ( v.o. ) honey , it 's 6:30 in the morning here . I just wake - mile oh ... okay ... I just uh ... okay ... mile put he finger to he lip , " shhhh ... " , turn away . 54 france ( v.o. ) guess what , baby . we be a royal hit ! we get extend . Three more week . mile I want you to come home , france . france ( v.o . ) ( beat ) honey , do you hear what I just say -- I can not . mile just come home . come home for two day . france say nothing . mile ( cont 'd ) they can get by without you for two or three damn day . intercut france in ecu sit on the edge of the bed in she room at the savoy HOTEL , look beautiful at 6:30 be , like some woman do . france baby ... the two hot girl we meet at the recording studio be naked in bed stifling giggle , silently gesture mile to join they . a Polaroid camera with a bunch of Polaroid photo of the three of they in various combination , fuck , be strewn about . mile it 's because I do not marry you ? france what ? mile I have be think about it , it 's a good thing , we should do that . let 's have a real serious talk about it when you get here . france I be sorry , can you hold on a second , baby ? 55 france take the receiver away from she ear , cover the mouthpiece . beat . then put the phone back to she ear and just listen . on the other end of the line mile 's agitation start to slowly mount . mile Fran ...? france ... france finally speak . france I be back . mile I be have a plane pick you up tomorrow . ( beat ) okay ? ( beat ) I need you . france ( v.o. ) I will ... work it out with my understudy ... he scan he surroundings but no there 's no mile . Dave think about the night , smile to himself , grab some ledger paper of the piano , start furiously compose he thought , flow , get some good shit down . but then , crash . upstair mile be cursing , thrashing about in a panic ... int . mile davis ' manhattan home / live room - same time mile finally jerk the reel to reel cabinet drawer all the way open - tape be definitely not there - he rifle through the debris around the machine - zip . Dave enter the space , see mile who whip around to he . mile somebody steal my fuck music ! Dave 's face go slack . this be not good . dave oh , man . that asshole ... shit ! 56 mile shit , what ?! what asshole ?! dave that harper guy from Columbia , and that kid be here . mile here last night ? dave yeah . mile ... the fuck you do not you tell I that last night ? dave I be blast , man . shit go right outta my head . aw , man -— mile go to the phone and dial , mutter while it ring . mile Columbia motherfucker 's ... think they own my shit ? we gonna see . try release it . go ahead . my lawyer 's 1ll be on you ass so fast - the phone pick up . recording ( v.o. ) hello . because of the yom kippur Holy Day , Columbia record will be close today , Wednesday , September - mile yom fuck kippur !? mile slam the phone down . dave wait ... Village vanguard . junior 's play there tonight , right ? Dave check he watch . dave ( cont 'd ) maybe catch he at rehearsal ? mile come on . 57 ( pre - lap junior be jam session ) mile head upstairs , power through he aching hip . Dave follow behind . mile ( cont 'd ) come and drink my liquor , freeloading thievin ' muthafuckas ... int . mile davis ' manhattan home closet - continuous mile stand at a double door , jerk they open - mile you be not drive I around look like that no more . - he massive closet - hundred of outfit , shoe , shade , hat . int . village vanguard bar - later / day mile and Dave enter , deck out like we first see they at the top of the movie , draw stare from the few set up for the show later , bartender , manager , busboys , etc ... manager oh , hey ! great to see you , mile . a busboy walk by with a bus bin with dish . busboy aw , man . you say this nigga be dead - manager shoot dagger at he , turn back to mile . manager what be you do here ? mile I be not here . the bartender lean over the bar . bartender ( but in ) hey , mile , I hear you put it down on that new session y’all do . mile flash he a quick look . 58 bartender ( cont ’d ) my cousin play with you man Larry coryell sometime . the guy give mile a know , insider wink . mile half acknowledge it , draw by the sound of a quintet warming up , fuck around , run phrase , chord change , on the mile composition , " all blue " ( bootleg version ) - the trumpet player be where mile ' ear go - clear , bright sound ... something ... the bandstand just out of sight ... come round the bend and see junior on the bandstand - mile be stop in he track , the quintet be great , but he 's truly captivate by the virtuosity of junior . Dave be blow away by the kid , go to comment to mile , stop , see he differently now , ' mile appreciate greatness 's , something new . the band be have a good time , laugh as one or another call out rapid chord change - try to one up each other as the player have to catch on / up to the change - but not junior - he 's right there , a monster , not only keep up , but anchor the band , bring the music back around on the soar , like Kelly slater kill it on the wave of a tsunami - .. piano player G flat - sax player I can do that - junior uh huh - bass player cc minor - the drummer switch from 4 / 4 to 3 / 4 time . band whoa ... junior D - double flat -- piano player damn ... bass player ahhhh - yeah - drummer wait , what key be this in - 59 watch that " speed skater " whip around the musical bend , low and lighten fast - " all blue " have be de - construct , reconstruct , and turn inside out - this guy be fly - junior B flat - junior blow a bright clear solo , then take over the song suddenly blast the punch - line to the joke - quote the musical phrase , " anything you can do I can do better " , too loudly , non-musically , and they all lose it , crack up - ecu - mile ' hand , finger , they start to twitch almost imperceptibly but it 's there . ghost finger key . we hear the - whoosh , whoosh , whoosh of mile ' pulse as it slow . his hand flinch , clinch shut as if zap by electricity . int . village vanguard - later / night on stage : mile with he quintet - " Blue in Green ( 3:28 ) " mile blow through he solo , meditative , focus . the song sound like a apology for a argument go unheard . we let this great music play . other be present but france be about the only thing we clearly see - shimmer , illuminate , sip a martini , silently accept he musical meat culpa . the rest of the set fall off into near darkness , a cigarette tip here , the glint of a glass there , smoke throughout the room ... mile finish he solo and Bill Evans come in to tie a bow on it . mile take off the mute , put he trumpet on the stand , stroll off stage , light a cig . the audience cheer and he and france lock eye for the briefest of beat , when a blonde beauty , look rich , erica , 34 , step into he line of vision , block france . erica hi mile . mile erica , yeah ... erica would you walk I out and help I get a cab ? I do not feel it 's safe for a girl out there by herself . mile look over at the stage . 60 mile y’all play that bossa . mile glance back to france , half shrug . france 's face be a cipher , give up nothing . she casually take a cigarette out of a pack and gracefully hold it , suspend in air for the all too willing nearby gentleman to light . mile ( cont 'd ) c’mon ... france take a drag , sip she drink . ext . village vanguard - continuous mile walk erica across the street to catch a cab . erica oh my God . when you play like that ... it 's as if I can hear the word even though no one 's sing , you know what I mean ? it 's like a transfusion of life I feel all throughout my body . she swoon , nuzzling close , whisper the adoration in he ear . he do not reciprocate , but he do not fight she off either . she 's welcome to touch , but she can not own . mile hold up he arm to hail a cab . france be at the door of the club , fresh drink in hand , look at erica hang off mile . a beat cop , 45 , white , across the street watch mile and erica - something do not feel right to the cop . something he just do not like . france turn back inside the club . a cab stop . erica put she hand in mile ' hand , ever the lady , and he , ever the gentleman , as he help she into the cab , she reach into she purse and go to hand mile a $ 50 bill ( the way it use to be ) - she 's sweet , a couple year back he would take it - he hold up he hand - mile naw , baby , I be good , I get it . mile take a $ 20 out and hand it to the cabbie . she look at mile , with a call - mex anytime look - 61 erica maybe you want to come by later . mile good night , erica . mile tap on the cab and it drive she away . he light a smoke . the cop cross the street . mile watch he approach . what do this motherfucker want ? a white man in a suit down the block take notice - cop no loitering . move on . mile I work in there , man . cop I do not care where you work . move . mile I be take a smoke break . I be mile Davis . that 's I on the marquis . cop I do not a give a shit . move you ass off this corner now or I will lock it up . mile I be on public property , man . I can stand here and have a smoke . the cop take hold of mile . mile pull away . then lean into the cop , like a boxer , fist instinctively rise when he think the cop 's about to hit he . the cop stumble back while go for he cuff and nightstick . and at that moment , mile be crack on the back of the head with a nightstick courtesy of the white man in the suit - who turn out to be a plainclothes cop . mile stumble - daze , weave but do not go down , bleed from the head , run down he face - detective plainclothes crack he a second time , then he go down . the cop rough he up while he 's down on the sidewalk . close on mile as he absorb the punishment . Mr. plainclothes cuff mile and yank he up as a small crowd ( 20 people ) start to form . 62 he flash he badge , voice yell : " stop it , stop it ! " " that 's mile Davis . " " Fucking cop ! " etc. france , and a few other , rush out of the club . all happen so fast . int . county jail - a bit later / night mile be lead in roughly by the cop throw in the tank . mile plunk down on the bench . defiant . wear the blood on he face like war paint . I be mile Davis . fuck you . we hear the din of people / reporter outside the jailhouse . int . jail cell - a bit later / night mile sit with he head in he hand , the beat , surroundings , the utter lack of solemnity . suddenly , outside the cell we hear a loud argument . he look up , the blood dry on he face - france ( 0.s. ) plainclothes cop ( 0.s. ) ... do you have any goddamn listen lady , you better watch worldly idea what you have you - do ?! I say , let he out of that cell ! that 's mile Davis in there . mile . Davis . you dumb cracker , mutha - mile rubberneck , through the bar and down the corridor , he see a sliver of he muse , love , savior , on a tear , at war for he - he laugh , yeah , baby - france better watch my what ?! you gonna beat I too , you son - of - a - bitch !? mile ha , check that motherfucker ... reverse angle - on france blow up at the cop - a couple stand back and watch , a couple pass by want to " take this bitch 's fuck head off " , but the presence of mile ' lawyer , harold lovett , 40s be she protection . france we be gonna sue the shit out of all you racist son of bitch . tell ‘em , harold - 63 harold the whole damn police department ! france brushes past the cop , come up to the cell , peer in , she beautiful face frame by the bar - int . mile davis ' manhattan home / bathroom - later / night mile sit in the tub stare at the water . White candle adorn the room , flicker light , ( * sound of chopin fill the house ) , wine , the mood set . the door open and france come in wear a robe . she drop it to the floor ; whoa . france slide into the tub behind mile . she wet the soap and start wash he , gently , lovingly , he wound , the dry blood . mile close he eye , surrender to it . she whisper in he ear , sexy , close ... france it 's ok . I get you . Long beat . mile baby , I want you to stop dance . france what ? mile I want you to stop dance , Fran . france ( disbelief - check ) you want I to quit West side . mile quit dance altogether . she stiffen , straighten , he sit up , turn to she . mile ( cont 'd ) I know . it 's a sacrifice . but you be my wife now . you place be with I . france sacrifice . she look at he askance , give he a moment to take it back ; yet know he mean exactly what he say . she let out a little laugh , call he crazy - town and raise he a crazy - town — 64 france ( cont 'd ) yes , baby . Love be sacrifice . let 's do this : I will hang up my dance shoe , you hock you horn , we will move to Rome and open a little trattoria . just the two of we . yes . I like that . - hope he will fold . mile be a statue . she lean into he eye close for a beat , then get out of the tub . france slip on she robe , disappear into the darken bedroom beyond . mile leave behind in the tub , vulnerable , expose , unanswer . close up : the look on mile ' face slowly change - a glower come on . int . village vanguard - day / as before junior / quintet on stage junior finish he solo , kill it , rub the back of he head , sit , look up , remorse creep in . junior peer into the darkness - " be that ...? " mile stare at he - extract the truth . junior realize , " oh shit . " junior step off the stage like he 's come to over to talk , then bolt , runnning through a side door . mile and Dave give chase but mile ' be hobbling - he will never catch junior - he hold out the gun to Dave - dave no - no , we do not need that - mile smashes the gun into Dave 's hand . mile go. get he ! go ! Dave chase after junior . mile hobble behind . the band start to follow but mile go sorcerer on they , hold out he hand in a crazy claw shape as he pass . mile ( cont 'd ) stay ! they freeze . 65 int . cellar - continuous junior hit the exit door but the thing will not budge . when he turn Dave be run up , inadvertently cornere this panicked kid with the gun , the busboy stack box seek cover . dave hey , take it easy ! JR so what , you gonna shoot now I over a fuck tape ? dave what ? no , man , he just want to talk - not shoot ? great . junior throw a crush right hook , connect with Dave 's jaw - Dave stumble backward - drop the gun - it go skitter off . junior hit he again - Dave smashes into stuff , recover , land two solid punch on junior , stun the kid , pleasing himself . junior return with a combo that lay Dave out . junior pick up the gun , stand over Dave ( like mile stand over Dave with a gun at they initial meeting at the house ) - when mile come up behind junior and put cold steel to the back of junior 's head - he mouthpiece . junior stop cold . junior okay , okay , be cool ... - mile reach around and take he gun back from junior . junior turn to see mile - and that he just get play with that mouthpiece . damn . mile push he in he back and he go tumble into some box in the corner out of breath . mile close in , Dave flank . dave where the fuck 's he music , man ? mile lie to I , I will kill you . junior let 's out a sigh , a deep , guilty sigh . junior I get it . but I swear , Mr. Davis , I be just try to help . mile do not tell I the lie you tell yourself . you be a hype . ( more ) 66 mile ( cont 'd ) I can see that shit in you eye . George put you up to this . junior geor - ? no , harper just think - waitaminute , first lemme tell you something - this cat right here be a crook , Mr. Davis . he be gonna -— dave ha ! say the thief . junior you be the fuck - Mr. Davis , believe I , he 's -— mile shut the fuck up . what harper give you to snatch my music ? junior stammer , feel stupid . mile ( cont 'd ) answer I ! junior nothing . just a ... a chance to maybe get to work with you , you know . help you come -- back . mile right . ' Cause you just the hype with the heart of gold , huh ? junior ( salty ) yeah . you remember that move , right ? mile gesture to the door with the .38 and the trio head toward the stair , Dave and junior glaring at each other . int . vanguard - continuous the band , crowded around the door scurry back , clear a path for the three guy . junior go to the stage , grab he horn and case . mile and do not play E flat over that d9 . junior huh ? 67 mile you play E flat over that d9 . junior so what ? mile so do not . that 's dmat . and only sometimes . junior snap he case close , look irk . junior I can play eb there , it 's just a voice thing . mile man , you do not know shit . mile push junior toward the door . ext . tenement build - a bit later - day sketchy hood . jaguar park at the curb . mile , Dave and junior get out . pass a couple drunk paper-bagge it , and a tagger , hit up dali-esque mile , pretty up the grime . seminal hip -hop come out of window , or be that modern jay - Z on the reel to reel ? mile , Dave and junior enter the rundown building - ext . tenement build - continuous they take the stair . junior put he key in the door and open it - enter the apartment with mile and Dave . int . junior' apartment —- continuous the place be a little ransacke . hear cheryl ( 2 year - old girl ) cry in the bedroom . junior quickly head into the bedroom leave mile and Dave . mile 's head cock almost imperceptibly , a inexplicable sense of familiarity ; this threadbare surroundings , the cacophony of smell and sound , the chili spaghetti on the stove - coagulate , somebody do not make it home for supper ; one empty bowl of the stuff on the table , and a dirty highchair draw with brown flung bit of it . and a cockroach scurrying across the light into darkness . 68 the cry kid , the conversation between junior and irene , become a movement inside a unfold composition - on mile , and on he Pov of junior in the doorway of he bedroom - talk to he wife , irene , 24 . all we see be she leg , sit in a chair , comforting Cheryl in she lap . junior what happen ? irene do not answer -— junior ( cont 'd ) irene ! she do not need to speak ; look around , it hit junior . he disappear from the doorway . hear he rummage . crash , boom . irene never raise she voice - she 's past that . irene it 's not in there . he take it . junior reappear in front of she , whirling - fuck ! junior harper ? ( he know it ) muthafucka . irene the other one ... muthafucka . junior ( seethe ) he send walter ? on mile - fuck ! junior ( cont 'd ) ( then ) -- do he touch you ? he do not lay a hand on you . be she - reeling , junior drop to one knee to comfort he daughter , but irene pull Cheryl close to she chest . irene this be not all about you , junior . junior drop he head in shame . irene ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong with you , man ? 69 irene stand - irene ( cont ’d ) C ’mon , Cheryl , mama 's gonna change you diaper . - exit the room with Cheryl . junior irene , I be sorry ... rene ? irene spot mile and Dave down the hall . stop . her energy change when she look at mile . recognition , or something else ? mile just stare back . a strange moment . irene go into the bathroom with Cheryl . junior enter the room - he hand upturn , like a kid catch with he pants down . mile dave where 's my shit ? Nice job . junior ( cont 'd ) ( to Dave ) I will break you fuck jaw right now . dave yeah , that will fix everything . mile ( at junior ) hey ! junior ( snap to , answer mile ) harper 's get it . mile yeah , I figure that part out . where be he ? junior check the clock on the wall . junior I do not know . his studio , I guess . mile push the phone over . mile call he . tell he you be come over . junior I can not just walk in there with you , man . he 's gonna kill I . 70 mile you do not do what I say , I be gonna kill you . junior sigh , pick up the phone . start dial , look over at he trumpet case - angle - it look back at he . junior I will take y’all over there ... but I gotta do something first . mile know exactly what he mean . junior ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) harper . ext . pawn shop - later / evening we see junior 's horn go into the shop window as he walk out the front , mouthpiece in hand . he give the horn a sideways glance , then walk toward the jaguar park outside . off screen a phone ring . harper ( v.o. ) junior . junior ( v.o. ) you send walter to my house ? junior hop in the back seat . int / ext . jaguar - later / night a different street , car run , the window crack and a hand reach in hold two balloon . harper ( v.o. ) you do not deliver the tape last night , junior . junior ( v.o. ) I get ... hold up . harper ( v.o. ) ( chuckle ) oh , hold up ? held up . oh , okay , then everything 's fine . junior exchange money for the drug but before he can pocket they , mile grab he arm . junior grab mile ' hand like he will tear it off - that 's he life 's blood in that rubber . 71 mile this be not fly away time , we get work to do . mile snatch one balloon away and junior let he arm go . harper ( v.o. ) my mistake . see you later , barwalker . junior ( v.o. ) waitwaitwait - I blow it , I know . just lemme just come by - talk man to man . I can put in some work on the music , too , you know . ( beat ) give I another shot , harper , please . harper ( v.o. ) ( beat . he chortle ) come and get it . hang up . int / ext . jaguar - a minute later mile and Dave lean on the car . Dave look back , peek in as junior tie off . dave Jesus ... should not we ... say something , man ? mile go ahead . in the car , close on junior , a rapturous look of instant relief on he face . the pulse slow . we hear it , ( sound like mile ' when he see junior play ) , whooosh , whooosh , whooosh . time slow . junior inhale deeply - int . mile davis ' manhattan home / bathroom - day we hear a harsh snorting - then mile ' ( 37 ) head jerk into frame , wiping he nose after do a bump of coke . 72 int . mile davis ' manhattan home - moment later mile head downstair , eye dilate , try to focus . france be on the phone , a little miff , a little drunk , and look at decorate swatch , to further gild she cage . france listen , listen , this be way too complicated . just tell everybody to meet at diahann 's and I will teach one big class , okay . int . mile davis ' manhattan home / recording studio - moment later mile join the 2nd great quintet ( young guy ) who be mess around , warming up . herbie hancock on piano , ron carter on double bass , tony william on drum , and Wayne shorter on tenor saxophone . mile pick up he trumpet and they play , " nefertiti " a little quick . they soar . as mile solos , in the deep thrall of it , the reflection of a red light start flashing on he face - we do not get it , but mile do - it 's the phone silently ringing - but that 's not what break he concentration - he cut it off , band stop - mile it 's too fast . mile start count it off , about to play when , ( a couple second after the blink red light go off ) , the angry voice of france upstairs break through : france ( 0.s. ) who be this ?! no , he be not ! who the hell be this call my house ?! ( etc . ) mile , frustrated , grab the phone . dialogue overlap : mile what 's go on , Fran - ? peggy ( v.0 . ) hi mile , it 's Peggy , I - france ( v.o. ) hi mile ?! peggy ( v.0 . ) - just call to say hi , I do not mean to - 73 mile hang up the phone . france ( v.o. ) who be you talk to ?! mile both of you - hang up the - france be still go off at Peggy . mile hang up the phone . count it off for the band - mile ( cont 'd ) keep go . mile head upstairs . the band continue san mile . int . mile davis ' manhattan home / live room - moment later france be railing at Peggy when mile storm in . she 's drink - near empty bottle of wine , a glass next to she , and a break glass on the floor . france listen to I , you bitch , do not ever call here again - mile snatch the phone from she , hang up . mile why you doin’ that ? france why be I - mile I tell you , do not worry about nobody else . france this be my house , mile ! my house ! do not have they call my fuck house ! mile I do not tell nobody to call here . france it 's too much , mile . it 's too much . 74 mile then just do not answer the phone , france . france my , God ... oh , my God ... do you just say that to I ...?! france start pace like a cage tiger , then stop and turn to face mile . france ( cont 'd ) I make you life beautiful , mile . I take care of you , feed you , lie down in that ... fuck bed next to you and -- you be my husband ! you be with I . I give up everything for you . I stop , dance , for godssake . and you have not sacrifice anything . nothing . I deserve better than this ! his face give away nothing . she will crack that fuck cool . she pick up knick knack and start throw they dangerously close to he head . deliberate . france ( cont 'd ) fraud . phony . asshole . liar . mile barley sidestep each piece . mile you better stop throw shit , Fran . you be drunk . france I be amazing . she do a slow turn so he can see . france ( cont 'd ) and you friend , you so -called friend , let I know it all the time - a flash in he eye ( she 's lie ) turn to contain rage ( she 's not lie ) , she see it , know he , dig deeper - france ( cont 'd ) - want I so bad - mile who ? 75 france they come knock when you be not around , whisper sweet to I , tell I how much better they would treat I than you - mile who you talk about ? france it do not matter who ! I be not you , mile . and what do I get -- " hey , baby , it 's one of you whore . when be I go to see you again ? " a beat . mile could apologize ... if he could . mile then do not answer the phone . she slap he , full attack mode , pull hair , swinging , athletic , a dancer who 's sinew have not be fuel by passion in a while , awaken . mile be try to hold she off - the boxer know defense be offense and somewhere in the melee , mile snap , and slap she across the face ! mile ( cont 'd ) stop ! it hurt , in all way , they both know it , feel it , but france only barely react , keep swinging , come forward . he grab a fistful of blouse , pull back to strike france again and they both go tumble sideways over a coffee table . loud crash . int . mile davis ' manhattan home / recording studio - same the player react to the sound upstairs , quietly vamp . tony , a 18 year old kid , put down he stick concerned , start to come from around he drum set . ron , older , wiser - ron ( a warning ) tony ... tony sit , start play softly . 76 int . mile davis ' manhattan home / live room - same heavy breathe from both of they , france stand over mile as he grit he tooth to stand - can not quite manage yet , that hip again , throbbing . france do not offer to help . be that a smile ? Long pause as mile stand , extricate himself from the rubble , straighten he clothes , hair . he turn , go ... a ashtray whizze by he head and smashes into the wall . mile just keep walk . france put she face in she hand and weep . int . mile davis ' manhattan home / recording studio - moment later mile enter . you can faintly hear she weep upstairs until the door close . he 's look at he band , '' be you my ' so - call friend ' ? '' herbie you okay , mile ? mile glare at herbie . he could kill somebody , or he could pick up he horn , which he do - see france on the " someday my Prince will come " gold record frame on the wall . he blow fire . fuele . int . mile davis ' manhattan home / bedroom - next evening a empty bottle of wine and a glass on the night table . france wake in bed from a nap , surround by present . emerald ring , sapphire bracelet , mink coat , clothes ... mile be peek around the circular wall quietly watch she ... she spot mile and when she turn further , he see she black eye , it jolt he . mile there 's a ... necklace in there . france nod , cold , unmove by the gift - shell shocked . mile ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) wanna go out ? dinner ... dance , or something ? 77 Dancing ? he do not even hear it . france do . a dagger , remind she of everything she give up . france you do not like to dance . mile you do . he make it worse . mile ( cont 'd ) okay ... ( then touch he eye , refer to hers ) maybe you wanna ... put ona little ... make - up or something ... mile come in , pick up the ruby choker and move behind france , gently brush aside she hair and clasp the thing on she . Love and ownership at the same time . mile sit behind she on the bed and pull she back into he , the blood red droplet suspend in platinum lay on france ' . mile rub he neck . ext . harper hamilton' studio / office - night junior rub he neck , get focus , stand outside the small warehouse / studio . he push the buzzer . mile and Dave be hang back , away from the door . walter / intercom ( v.o. ) yeah . junior it 's junior . junior be buzze in - mile and Dave push in behind he , stay low to avoid the security camera - ext . harper' build - continuous mile and Dave follow junior across the gangplank , over the atrium . Dave look none to sure . they enter the outer office . int . harper' office - continuous mile and Dave enter , mile keep junior in front of he , cautiously look about . 78 walter ( 0.s. ) Boy 's get a glass jaw , harper , I be tell you . k.o. round 3. harper ( 0.s. ) walter , you be dumb but at least you be pretty . I love take you action ... mile push junior into - int . harper' office / studio - continuous the place be the low rent version of mile ' home recording studio . photo of harper with music star , fighter , movie star , frame on the wall . mile 's tape in the valise be on the console behind harper 's desk . walter sit in a chair . as " go ahead John " play on the radio , mile Davis marathon . before walter can react mile have he gun point 6 inch from he head . everyone know the score . harper , dress to the nine , look at junior , the turncoat . junior ( resign and ashamed ) they make I do it , man . I - harper put up a quieting hand , all the while stare at mile . mile ( to Dave , be : walter ) get he gun . Dave look at mile like , '' why I do I always gotta take the gun ? '' Dave grab walter 's gun out of he waistband half point it at walter . mile point he gun at harper take a few step toward he . harper easy ... - hold he coat open , show he 's not armed . mile spot he valise and tape . move toward they , gun train on harper . harper sit on the edge of he desk , bemuse . harper ( cont 'd ) this be great . ( point at junior and Dave ) junkie and the flunky . 79 walter Fucking Larry and moe ... harper Love they . mile snatch he valise - make sure it 's all in there - harper ( cont 'd ) so , guess you be not gettin ' them either , huh , Rolling Stone ? mile pause , check Dave , second time he 's be call out ; Dave scoff . dave yeah , you and this kid 's story . tryin ' to lump I in that shit . mile continue to stare at Dave - dave ( cont 'd ) what ? harper start to laugh - harper damn . this be you boy ? ha ! yeah , you go ahead and take that tape . mile ( zip the valise ) I just do , muthafucka ... harper and that 's the second time you point a gun at I , you know ? mile I can count . harper right . I almost forget - you use to be a musician . phil schaff on radio ( v.o. ) that be mile Davis , " go ahead John " from the Jack Johnson ... mile you do this for George ? 80 harper ( shrug ) I be a enterprise young man . I get option . mile and Dave back out of the room , junior start to go with they - mile harper ( cont 'd ) ... the fuck you think you be where the fuck be you go ? go ? junior stop in he track , son by both of man . harper ( cont 'd ) see you ' round , mile . mile eye junior as he go , '' you bring this shit on yourself . '' no deny that . mile shut the door behind they . ext . harper' build / gang plank / atrium - continuous mile and Dave quickly move across the gangplank . Dave chuck the gun into the atrium below . int . harper' office - continuous walter ( refer to junior , low ) you boy here get we fuck up a little bit ... harper 's hand fly out to side , grab the desk lamp light - bulb , and squeeze the hot glass into he palm - then wring the life out of the lamp . junior 's like '' shit '' that could be I . harper turn back he visage be calm . harper ( little heartbroken ) man , I really do not ever want to see that motherfucker again . he go into he desk , toss walter another burner . harper ( cont 'd ) go bring I back that goddamn tape . walter give he the briefest of look , nod , check the gun . 81 harper ( cont 'd ) let 's go , junior . junior obey , harper handle he roughly , push he out a side door . walter book it out the other direction . ext . ganesvoort STREET - same / night reprise " go ahead John " on the soundtrack as it build ... mile stride purposefully toward the jaguar , Dave in lockstep . dave you be not say you buy all that bullshit back there . mile fuck you , Dave , gimme my key . Dave do not do anything . mile stop , turn , glare . dave fuck ... alright , alright , but let I just say one thing ; I never want the tape , okay ? just the story . I be try to help . mile that 's three thing . now , gimme the fuck key ! mile start rip at Dave 's coat pocket . dave okay , okay - Dave start to pull out the key , but before he do - clink - clink , glass bottle . mile and Dave turn as walter try to hug the shadow , but know he 's be clocked - mile I be not play with you , man . walter c’mere , mile . let I talk to you a second . mile and Dave see the glint of walter 's gun barrel . mile pull out he gun - dave let 's go , man . 82 Dave run to the jaguar , unlock the door and hurriedly jump in . he reach over , pop the lock . dave ( cont 'd ) come on ! mile slowly walk backwards toward the car , point he gun in walter 's direction , pop off a shot next to he head , walter drop leave , take cover behind some car . dave ( cont 'd ) ( try to start the car -— to mile ) the fuck , come on ! Dave be frantically pump the gas , torquing on the ignition . mile jump in the car . mile go , go , go ! come on ! dave I be do it ! walter run back , jump into a black towncar at the curb , gun it . the jaguar roar to life as Dave finally get go and burn rubber out of there . int / ext . mile ' jaguar - night " go ahead John " build on the track - into " the heist have take a bad turn let 's get the fuck out of here " music . we have come full circle - reprise the open shootout scene ... ( *** in the course of this to be choreograph chase scene mile will run out of bullet ) . mile in jag , walter in he car , exchange gunfire , jag ahead - Dave adlibing : " fuck , shit , etc '' -- walter gain ... mile shoot , muthafucka ! dave I toss it ! mile what the fuck be wrong with you ?!! 83 dave like I know this be go to fucking happen !! screech -screech - the car jockey for position - mile shoot across Dave out the window at walter - dave ( cont 'd ) fuuuuuck I ! walter 's car fall back , mile lean way out the passenger window , pop off a couple more . walter drop further back , evade - dave ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ! get back in the car , mile ! mile go right ! go right ! Dave gun right - walter drive straight past , brake - outta sight ... Dave and mile zoom under train trestle - plow into a pile of box , fishtail , papers from the box fly ... everything '' slow down '' in a extend impressionistic beat from mile ' Pov camera move around the jag ... Dave scream at mile - dave ( go ! go! mile ! mile !...etc . ) but mile , '' elsewhere '' , can not hear Dave ... pushing in on mile , watch what be clearly now staff paper flutter down all around they , and mile '' compose '' --- mile duh - duh - da - dee - da ... dave mile ! Dave finally snap mile back into reality , squealing out of the fishtail , as walter be racing back at they in he car - Dave lose control - the jaguar skid toward the wall - bullet pierce the jaguar 's body - one slam into mile ' thigh , he howl in pain as the car screech to a halt , near a meat packing warehouse -— a72 84 mile and Dave scramble out of the car as the towncar bear down on they . mile clutches he valise , shoot at the oncoming car - walter swerve . Dave and mile head into a alley ... the towncar screech to a stop near the jaguar . walter jump out , gun draw - ext . NYC alley - night mile trip , drop the briefcase , the tape and staff paper spill out . the tape in the can roll away - mile try to go for it , Dave drag he to safety behind a dumpster , mile grasp helplessly at the air , at the papers fly away . there pove behind the dumpster ( mile struggle to break free of Dave ) - walter snatch up the tape and the valise . mile ( holler at walter ) leave it ! no ! dave ( hold mile back ) forget about it - mile ( at walter ) do not do that ! mile shoot at walter - click -click empty gun . mile ( cont 'd ) dave ( at walter ) ( to mile ) leave it ! gonna get we kill , man ! mile , in a impotent last ditch , throw he gun at walter - it barely leave he hand ( with Dave all over he ) , bounce off the dumpster , and back at mile . walter never utter a sound in the scramble , calm , do he job , as if mile can not be hear or see , barely a flea . siren hear in the distance ... approach . mile can now only watch as walter hustle out of the alley , hop in he car and bone out . mile gritting he tooth in pain , stare straight ahead - '' now what ? '' flashback : int . george' office / columbia record - day a72 b72 85 harper reach back toward walter , snap - walter put two fight pass in he hand - hold out the pass to mile . harper I get a boxer on the card at the Cathedral tomorrow night ... back to the alley - continuous b72 Dave start to hustle mile into the passenger seat but he push off , head to the driver 's side - dave you hip , man . should not I - mile ignore he , start up the car . Dave climb in the passenger set . mile race from the scene in the same direction as walter . int / ext . jaguar - cathedral alley - minute later mile ease around the corner , spot walter 's empty car in the alley , and park next to it . dave Jesus , just go make some more shit up ! you be mile fuck Davis ! mile I be get my goddamn music back - he open the door and start to get out . Dave grab he , mile pull away - dave listen , mile , that 's it . you be on you own . this be mad . mile snatch a coat from the back seat - dave ( cont 'd ) I be not die for this music cuz that 's what 's go to happen if you go in there . you hear I ? he 's gonna kill you . mile pull the coat on as he get out of the car , when he leg hit the ground , a sharp pain shoot up he leg . 86 mile davis - the operation split second cut : stock footage of a bloody hip operation . int . mile davis ' manhattan home / bedroom - night 1966 . a dark black hand hold three white pill . mile pop the painkiller back , chase they with a big slug of cognac . he 's sweaty , hurt , fuck - up fish - eye style . a cane sit next to the bed . mile pull down he waistband and look at the bandage on he hip . he painfully bend and straighten he leg , curse under he breath . on the tv a innocuous comedy / laugh track . it 's all enough to make you want to kill somebody . mile grab the remote , turn down the volume . it 's faint , but there it be again - laughter . a mar n's . follow by another sound ; a flirtatious giggle ... a woman now whisper - " stop it , he 's go to hear we ... " mile push himself up , straight back . call - mile france ...? hey , goddamnit ...! mile whistle loudly . no response . mile breath quicken , eye burn . he grab the cane and swing he leg around the side of the bed , force himself to stand . ext . cathedral alley - continuous mile get out of the car , stand , painfully stride toward the line of people wait to get into the Cathedral . Dave get out of the car , can not believe what he 's see , watch he go . mile move through the crowd , patron ' expression quickly shift from pique to geek as this reclusive celebrity push past they right to the front of the line . mile walk right up to the door but the doorman there stop he . doorman hold it , buddy , hold it ... you see that line - his word die in he mouth as it begin to dawn on he who this be . mile say nothing . voice ( 0.s. ) that 's mile Davis , man . 87 doorman ( recognize ) oh , yeah . of course . Mr. Davis . I be sorry ... you ticket ? mile point to he world famous face . mile you look at it . - and as mile roll into church , ding ding ... int . cathedral - continuous " so what " ' 64 ( mile in Berlin ) on the track . Inside the Cathedral , smoky , shadowy , a well wear box ring plopped in the center , bleacher surround , a couple hundred people in here ... maybe . it 's hard to tell . not well light except for the ring . in the seat we only ever see small grouping . folk flow in and out of the aisle , get beer , but mostly hurry back to see the fight ; a black and white man in the ring , middle weight , scrappy , not scared to mix it up . round 3 , you can see it on the card the girl carry as she climb out of the ring , ding - ding ... mile look leave , right . Pov back from wide ; nobody . mile look to the leave . harper up there , junior next to he . he duck back into the shadow . whoosh - whoosh - whoosh in he ear as he study he prey . and in a instant mile double over and throw up in a nearby wastebasket . int . mile davis ' manhattan home / hallway - continuous / as before " so what " ' 64 grow on the track . mile hobble down the hallway , head on a swivel , search , he gait make all the more crazy by he injury , paranoia , mount rage . mile france ...! mile reach the bathroom , push open the door find france put on make-up . mile ( cont 'd ) where be he ? france what ? 88 mile look inside the room , the shower curtain . france know this dance . mile come here . france mile - he grab she arm . shit ... here we go . int . mile davis ' manhattan home / stair - continuous / as before " so what " ' 64 on the track . mile drag france down that stair , that leg and that stair , no love here now though , or love on kilter , worse . france let go of I , mile , goddamnit ! she fight he , scared to , scared not to . mile almost can not hear she , inside steeling himself for the rival he 's go to kill before he kill france . and on a bad leg too ? fuck ! mile tell I where he be ! france there 's nobody here , mile . mile do not give I that shit . I heard he ! he drag she toward the kitchen , pull out a drawer , too far , clatter , cutlery spill everywhere . france mile - mile ( crazy ) shhhhhhhbhhh ... mile cock a ear , listen for a crazy beat then impulsively move the cutlery aside with he bare foot , bend down and pick up a butcher knife . mile ( cont 'd ) I will kill he ass ! come on ! 89 france mile ! int . cathedral - continuous / as before mile straighten up , move into the room , cut through the people , head in harper 's direction . he cut back against the grain , calculate a pursuit angle on the fly so that he can ... what ?! " so what " ' 64 on the track . in the aisle of the bleacher , walter lean across junior , speak quietly to harper . harper cover but he 's seethe . junior , wedge between the man , look sick to he stomach at the news he 's hearing . harper so now I gotta worry about this son of a bitch show up again or go to the cop ? walter cop ? ( walter shake he head , '' no . " ) he shot at I first , Harp . self defense . and like you say , be not really he music anyway . harper look down at the valise in walter 's hand . walter ( cont 'd ) he ’1ll stay down . he know what 's up . harper look slightly nervous , scan the surroundings a bit . harper ( low ) do not fuck count on it ... you can say that again . through the people , mile stare at harper , stalk . int . mile davis ' manhattan home - continuous / as before " so what " ' 64 on the track . mile kick open a door . mile where be he !? france change she tactic mid-scream . 90 france mile , mile ! oh , my God , he 's over there , mile ! mile what ?! where ?! france down there , down there , he go down there ! she point to the basement door . mile spin he head in that direction , drag france with he , but she dig in she heel , know what we fear ; you go down that step you might not come back up . time for crazy - town . france ( cont 'd ) no! no ...! mile , you go get he ! I be too scared ! please . he 's a monster ! Said he would kill I if I do not leave you . the gear collide in mile brain , tooth chipping off , but in he insane state , it work . he re-calibrate . mile muthafucka ...! go upstairs and wait for I . france ok , mile ...okay ... mile mutha-fucka ... mile crazy lope to the door . france turn and run . int . cathedral - continuous / as before angle : harper quietly , intensely digging into walter 's ass . harper take this tape to the safe , sit there and do not move ' till I - harper stop mid-sentence see mile come . junior sit up taller , '' wif ? '' walter follow harper 's gaze , peep mile , reach inside he coat . harper ( cont 'd ) hey - 91 but the big man spring up - this be he life right now , fuck a job . he step past junior , jerk he aside as he do . all harper can do be stand too . harper ( cont 'd ) ( to walter ) easy - walter he 's get a gun , man . harper not in he fuck hand , take it easy ... mile have not drop a step , laser in on harper . see from across the ring , through the boxer wiping frame , it look like nothing special ; people move to they seat - but hold on - through the boxer wiping frame ... picture blur ... be that mile and the quintet in the distance on stage kill " so what " ' 64 ?... maybe for a second , as the pan continue until we see we be in the cathedral ... still in the ring , the boxer be go at it , good fight ( white hope keep drop that leave when he throw that right hook though ... uh - oh ) ... mile stomp up the step , each one a knife in he hip , fire feed fire . he see the valise near harper 's foot , walter 's gun in he hand . mile raise he arm ala 's harper , '' I be not armed . '' harper sigh . harper ( cont 'd ) you do not know what the word '' lose '' mean , do you , mile ? then a distant voice pierce through . dave ( 0.c. ) mile !! everyone turn see Dave run at breakneck speed , carry a stand - up ashtray , two security guard on he ass . he smashes he elbow into a FIRE alarm box , set it off - mile take the opportunity of the distraction to sucker punch harper . harper rock back , fall into walter , junior , knock they back into other , one rubbernecking dude none too happy about it , push they back . harper scream , enraged , dive on top of mile and they tumble down the stair . 92 walter elbow rubberneck dude off of he to go help harper , kick that tangential beef off . here we go ... mile and harper roll around trading messy blow . mile reach into he waistband pull out he empty .38 . fuck ... walter see it , raise he piece to shoot mile but junior sucker - punch walter from behind and he gun go off , hit harper . Holy shit . harper fall spin as he fall over off mile , look back at walter , disbely . walter Harp ! patron scream , run off in all direction just as Dave arrive , swinging the stand - up ashtray into walter 's jaw , put he down . mile yell to junior , point - mile grab my shit ! junior run back up and grab the valise swim through the crowd now in full frenzy . Dave help mile to he foot . in the ring / japan , mile finish he solo , wind , spend , alive , the man , the great white hope laid out on he back beneath he , vanilla sonny liston , Ali / mile stand over he . int . cathedral - hallway mile , Dave and junior burst out the door into the hallway , move fast , mile clutching he tape like a father reunite with he lose child . in a surreal moment , ' 79 mile pass ' 64 mile chase after france , run in the opposite direction ... he look back - ' 64 mile be not there , swallow up by the crowd ... mile , Dave , and junior fling open the side door into the night - ext . mile davis ' manhattan home - continuous / as before france burst through the front door and into the New York night , go , go , go ... mile hobble back up the stair , scream for all he 's worth - mile france ! france !!! " so what " ' 64 - do . 93 ext . cathedral - continuous the three jump into the jaguar and Dave fishtail away from the curb . int / ext . jaguar - continuous Dave and junior check the mirror and all around , head on a swivel . junior anybody back there ? dave no , man , we be good , we be good . junior you sure ? dave we be good . beat . then they start to out - gas , relieved laughter , oblivious to mile ' state in the back . junior Ho -ly shit ... that be , I mean ... I mean , that be - dave Holy shit ... mile remain quiet . they finally tune into he . junior do not worry , mile , we be gonna get you right , man . dave yeah , yeah ... mile ( almost a whisper ) no . take I home . junior check he out , bleed cake over now . Dave nod - tug on the wheel . mile stare off as we push in . somewhere , a phone ring . france ( 0.s. ) hello ? 94 mile ( 0.s. ) you think I would not find you ? ( silence ) if you make I come out there , the only thing leave be gonna be bullet . ( beat ) you hear I ? france ( 0.s. ) I be not come back . Long beat . mile breathe . mile ( 0.s. ) I will ... I will kill myself , france . I swear to god. ( breathe , then ) france - - I love you ... france ( 0.s. ) I know you do . Goodbye , mile . click . dial tone . int . mile davis ' manhattan home - night mile enter first , junior hold the crook of he arm , Dave trail slightly . dave I will go find some ... gauze , something - — junior yeah . and some alcohol . clean that shit out . mile go to he work area . junior follow at a respectful distance as mile thread the tape and hit play . tape spool through the head . int . mile davis ' manhattan home - kitchen - same Dave go through the sink cabinet look for supplies , then stop , hearing the indecipherable sound emanate from the other room . 95 int . mile davis ' manhattan home - same Dave return with the stuff find mile sit at he station , full concentration , junior behind he . Dave sidle in next to junior . they listen , wait to hear something resembling music . but it 's just disorganize noise so far ; conversation about music , stop and start , flirtation with concept but nothing concrete . Dave look at junior - " be I miss something ? " junior 's look - " give it a minute . " mile fast forward the tape but even at it 's sped up tempo we can tell he 's not run over music . he hit stop . play . listen . it 's more of the same . dave when do you come in ? mile I be already in there . dave I do not hear any - mile I play organ ... Jesus Christ ... Dave squint at junior - " this be it ? " junior look at he shoe , crush , witness he hero falter . he sigh . hear the sound , mile snap he head around , see Dave 's shock , but worse ; junior 's look of pity . pity ; mile Achilles heel . mile stand up , go to he trumpet case , pop it open . Dave perk up . mile Davis ' first note after five year ? a incredible moment about to unfold . but junior be unchange , a horn player know ... mile return to he station , spread out he musical scrawl . he pull out he mouthpiece , pop it on , hold open the spit valve and blow through the dormant instrument . no spit , no mist , just dank air . mile lick he lip , the mouthpiece , take a deep breath ... and blow ... nothing . the labor , rag sound of a atrophy embouchure after a five year lay off . he try to play it off , let 's out a dark chuckle . mile ( cont 'd ) damn ... 96 mile lick he lip and blow again get the same result . not funny . junior look like he might cry . mile get piss now , try to overpower the instrument , blow hard , manage to coax out a squeak . then silence except for the musical mish mash play in the background . junior aw , that be not nothing , man . hit they scale , right ? you chop come back . Real quick . junior chuckle . dave yeah . it 's just like ... some practice , right ? they " help " , neither solicite nor appreciate , have the opposite effect . mile look at he horn , nod gravely and lay it down . there 's a long uncomfortable silence as mile start to walk away . junior gently put he hand on he shoulder . junior you will get it back , man . mile dig in he pocket and pull out the last balloon of heroin he take from junior earlier . hand it to he . mile bye bye . mile flop down onto the couch . done . Dave start chuckle , darkly - junior stare at the baggie in he hand , contemplate . he sit down in front of the spin reel and the gibberish poring out of the speaker . mile look over , find a half drunk bottle of booze , wipe the top of it with he sleeve and then take it to the head . finsh it off , he let 's out a deep sigh . Dave can not believe what he 's look at . dave this be not ... be you kid I ? mile click on the tv . focus on the fight play there . Dave nod , laugh a long hollow , '' how have I not see this come , '' laugh . dave ( cont 'd ) ( quietly to himself ) what be I think ? dave ( cont 'd ) ( to mile ) go back in you hole , huh ? guess I should have expect that . it 's a good thing I come prepare . you mind ? 97 Dave pull out he camera . snap a shot . mile squint , finally look back at he . dave ( cont 'd ) I gotta hunker down too . get work to do . see , I be come out with the fuckin ' story , you better believe that . forget about the comeback piece . it 's dirt time . and I be come with it . Dave gesture sprinkle dirt on he grave . mile swig as Dave roll on . dave ( cont 'd ) Rolling Stone pass , so what ? have any idea how many people will want to buy what I get ? you may be a fuck quitter , but you be still a earner , baby . he pop off a shot and mile chuck the bottle at he head . Dave duck it quick , guffaw . he pop another picture . dave ( cont 'd ) that 's it ! but remember , you be mile Davis ! do not be repetitive . switch it up a little bit . I mean , you already do the self - pity , junkie , jazz burnout , asshole thing , right ? realizing it 's all fall on deaf ear - dave ( cont 'd ) fuck ! Dave plop down into a chair , sick to he stomach . then , a loud trumpet run cut through Dave 's rant . junior , mile ' trumpet in he hand , look at the decipher it . inspire , junior cut off the reel and rip another musical phrase , have mine some scrawl , to reel gold . mile and Dave watch and listen in silence as junior grab the treasure map ledger page - 98 junior ima go over to the piano junior stride over to the piano , read , play a few chord ... mile what be that ? junior ( squinting at the scrawl ) that 's what you have here ... mile that 's not in there ... junior ( grin at the scrawl ) yes it be , it 's the 5 sus chord ... Zoom to the two , mile walk over , junior play a chord with he right hand . mile ok - junior - to the 3rd , f# major , to the tonic minor , to the flat 6 ... B major ... mile put the mute in the trumpet bell and they figure it out together for a few bar , junior hum mile to the right note also with head movement ... mile why do not you change that 2nd chord from f# major to for minor 7 ? junior ok sooo .... like this ? junior play the progression ... mile yeah yeah ... start over start over ... they play a bit more together ... mile ( cont 'd ) yeah yeah ... see what I be sayin ? give it a lil color .. 99 junior yeah , yeah , ok , ok , I see .... dave so , that 's really in there , huh ? mile peek at Dave a sec , '' guess so ... '' Pov from the staircase , someone or something watch the trio work out . france ? we hold on the tableau from this vantage point for a beat . junior nod , play another chord , mile blow too , rag edge ever so slowly smoothing out . Dave walk up to the piano , grab a pencil from the stand , take a sheet from the pile of staff paper , flip it over , start feverishly write the story . stay here until too long become . crossfade : later now and junior fade away - crossfade : later now and Dave fade away - crossfade : mile by himself , work it out , he composition take shape . fade black , play with shadow : dave ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) so what should we tell the folk , that mile Davis have mellow with age or that folk be just now listen to what he 's be say or - mile ( v.o. ) do not tell ‘em nothin' . let ‘em guess . dave ( v.o . ) you like that , huh ? the mystery ... mile ( v.o. ) they like it . I be cool . 100 int . mile 's house - night mile and junior at the piano . Dave watch . tableau . the tableau then go away - dali-esque transition - become mile in the interview chair . the wraparound . trumpet leave mile 's lip . a beat then . dave yeah . dig it . that be a better answer . I be really draw in . beautiful play , mile . mile something click . dave I will say . great . and be there a way that you can put what you just play into word ? " mile shake he head , chuckle , rise , put he trumpet on a stand , pick up the valise stuff with staff paper , the record smpwc tuck in behind the tape cannister , and walk off camera . mile ( over he shoulder ) keep roll ... Dave enter frame , turn to the camera , shrug ; '' be he fuck serious ? '' Dave call out to mile . dave hey , be you come back ?! Black . int . NYC club - february 22 , 20 -- night the stage . the band come on - Gary Clark Jr. esperanza spauld , Wayne shorter , herbie hancock ... mile jump it all off , step up to the mic and fire a run , look good now , strong , back . the band lock in and they begin to run the voodoo down , no one lead , everyone follow , search for all that be say and unsaid , the particle that make up the fabric of life itself . credit roll 101 mile finish he solo and step to the side to watch . push in on mile , you can see it up close , the corner turn up slightly -- mile smile . end