slumdog millionaire written by Simon beaufoy November 4th , 2007 '' slumdog film limite 39 long acre london wc2e 9 lg 1 int . javed' safe -house . bathroom . night . 1 a expensive bathroom suite . excess of marble and gold tap . into the bath , a hand be scatter rupee note . hundred and hundred of note , worth hundred of thousand of rupee . the sound of a fist thumping on the bathroom door , furious shouting from the other side . jave o/s salim ! salim ! 2 int . studio . backstage . day . 2 darkness . then , glimpsis of face . in the half - light , shadowy figure move with purpose . a implacable voice announce . talkback v/o ten to white - out , nine , eight , seven ... prem be you ready ? silence . a hand shake a shoulder a little too roughly . prem ( cont 'd ) I say be you ready ? jamal yes . 3 int . javed' safe -house . bathroom . night . 3 the thumping at the door continue . the sound of mumble indian prayer . dull gleam of a pistol . a hand crack the chamber open . load a single bullet into the chamber , snap the chamber shut . talkback v/o ... three , two , one , zero . cue prem , cue applause ... suddenly , the door splinter as it be smashed through . a burst of gun - fire and white light as suddenly ... 4 int . studio . night . 4 ... we be back in the studio , the gun-fire morph into rapturous applause . ( continued ) 2 . 4 continued : 4 talkback v/o go , prem . a wall of light and noise as the two walk on stage . cheer , music , bank of searing studio light . on stage , jamal , a eighteen year - old indian boy - man stare , petrify . he would surely turn and run but for the iron grip on he shoulder of the smile host , prem Kumar . prem welcome to who want to be a millionaire ! more applause . prem ( cont 'd ) please give a warm welcome to we first contestant of the night - a local from we very own Mumbai ! under cover of the wild applause , prem usher jamal towards the guest 's chair , lean in and hiss . prem ( cont 'd ) smile , dammit . the light seem to bore into he but jamal manage a tentative smile . out of nowhere , a hand slap he ferociously across the face . then again and again . blood trickle from he mouth . 5 int . police interview room . night . 5 the studio light have seamlessly transformed into the harsh bulb of a interrogation light . jamal be strung from the ceiling by he arm . constable srinivas you name , bhen chod . constable srinivas 's hand pull back jamal 's head by the hair , force he to stare directly into the light . constable srinivas ( cont 'd ) you name ! jamal jamal malik . and seamlessly we be back .... 3. 6 int . studio . night . 6 ...on the set of who want to be a millionaire . prem lean back in he chair , a man at home in he surroundings . jamal sit opposite , freeze . prem so , jamal , tell we a bit about yourself . Close on jamal 's face . without warning , it be shove under water . 7 int . bucket . night . 7 we look up from the bottom of the bucket at the scream face of a drown man . his head shake desperately , pointlessly . then jamal 's face be drag up again , roaring for breath . Close on he eye . jamal v/o I work in a call centre . in juhu . 8 int . studio . night . 8 prem a phone-basher ! and what type of call centre would this be ? jamal xl 5 . mobile phone . prem aha ! so , you be the man who ring I up every single day of my life with special offer , huh ? jamal no , actually , I be a assistant . prem a Assistant phone-basher ? a raise eye-brow at the audience . amusement ruffle through they . prem ( cont 'd ) and what do a Assistant phone - basher do , exactly ? jamal I - I get tea for people and - ( continued ) 4 . 8 continued : 8 prem - a chi-wallah ! why do not you say ? laughter in the audience . prem ( cont 'd ) so , lady and gentleman , jamal malik from Mumbai , let 's play who want to be a millionaire ...! 9 omitted 9 10 int . police interview room . day . 10 jamal 's body dangle motionless from the ceiling . his head be bow and he be moan to himself . the ceiling fan thump round slowly . in the corner , constable srinivas mop he brow and light a cigarette . hot work . the door open and the Inspector of Police walk in . a rumple man in he late forty who have see pretty much everything . he eye jamal , surprised . inspector have he confess , yet ? constable srinivas apart from he name , I can not get a word out of the runt . inspector you have be here all bloody night , srinivas . what have you be do ? srinivas shrug . constable srinivas tough guy . inspector a little electricity will loosen he tongue . constable srinivas bring a box and a tangle of wire out of a cupboard and proceed to put crocodile clip on jamal 's finger . the Inspector stare , deep in think . sweat trickle down he face . he wipe it away with a handkerchief , seem to be talk to himself . inspector ( cont 'd ) every night I get home , " why can not we have a /c like bajan chacha ? ( more ) ( continued ) 5 . 10 continued : 10 inspector ( cont 'd ) why do not you care about you poor family , die in this heat . " twenty - four year a policeman and I can not afford bloody a/c . turn on jamal . inspector ( cont 'd ) but you . you have get ten million rupee ek dum guarantee , yaar ? and who know how much further ? Fancy the twenty million , do you ? jamal just stare . inspector ( cont 'd ) I think you probably do . the Inspector nod absently to constable srinivas who turn a handle . jamal 's body pulsate and jerk . he scream . his body go limp again . the Inspector go over to jamal . inspector ( cont 'd ) so . be you wire up ? a mobile or a pager , correct ? some little hide gadget ? no ? a cough accomplice in the audience ? microchip under the skin , huh ? constable srinivas have not think of that . grab jamal 's arm and start squeezing they all over until the Inspector have have enough . inspector ( cont 'd ) srinivas ! look , it 's hot , my wife be give I hell , I have get a desk full of murderer , rapist , extortionist , assort bum-bandit ... and you . why do not you save we both a lot of time ? hmm ? jamal do not answer . the Inspector sigh and sit down . look at he watch , nod at constable srinivas again . jamal 's body jerk with electric current . when the shudder and scream have subside , the Inspector go over to jamal 's collapse form . click he finger in front of jamal 's face to check for a response . inspector of police he 's unconscious , chutiya . what good be that ? how many time have I tell you -? constable srinivas sorry , sir. ( continued ) 6 . 10 continued : ( 2 ) 10 a excited Young Police constable stick he head around the door . young constable he 's come ! sir. inspector aré wa , srinivas , we will have Amnesty International in here next , pee they pants about human rights . get he down , tidy he up , for God 's sake . constable srinivas go over to jamal and start to undo the crocodile clip . constable srinivas maybe he do know the answer . inspector have you go soft , srinivas ? Professors , lawyer , doctor , General knowledge wallah never get beyond sixteen thousand rupee . and he 's on ten million ? what the hell can a slum dog possibly know ? jamal lift he head . jamal the answer . he lift he head , spit blood out of he mouth and say again , straight into the Inspector 's face . jamal ( cont 'd ) I know the answer . titles . slum Dog millionaire . 11 ext . cricket ground . day . 11 Bright sunlight filter through the ever-present Mumbai dust . a group of child be play cricket on a tarmac cricket ground . they be bare - foot , dress in little more than rag , wiry -skinny and fast on they foot . salim , a nine - year old , polish the ball on he almost non - existent short , come in with surprising speed and bowl . the batsman hook it high in the air . the bowler scream at a boy in the outfield . salim jamal ! catch it ! catch it ! the seven - year old jamal stare up at the ball , jink around try to get into position . ( continued ) 7 . 11 continued : 11 he pay no heed to the rest of the child who be scatter fast to the edge of the tarmac . the ball seem suspend in the blue sky . shout from the other child seem very far away . he do not notice that they be scream for he to get out of the way . jamal adjust he foot for the perfect catch . then out of nowhere , a light aircraft almost take he head off as it come in to land on the tarmac runway . jamal be knock to he foot by the down - draft of the plane . the ball bounce away . also flatten , salim get to he foot . salim ( cont 'd ) how could you drop that ? it be a sitter . then salim 's face turn to one of alarm . 12 ext . airport perimeter . day . 12 at the back of a pack of child , carry a piece of wood crudely fashioned into a sword , jamal be run for he life , pursue by a ancient but surprisingly nimble Security Guard from the airport who be scream abuse and wield a long stick . the kid dash across a rubbish dump and disappear down dozen of tiny lane that run in between the shack of the slum . security guard private - ka land ! private - ka land ! the plane will not kill you , mader chod , I will ! jamal and salim - also with a wooden sword - break off , head down a separate lane . the Guard pursue they . 13 int . juhu slum . day . 13 the lane in between the corrugate iron shack be three foot wide , with a open drain run down the middle . many of the precarious upper floor of the shack have be build right over the path , turn they into black tunnel . tunnel shot through with sliver of light . if you do not live here , you would be lose and frighten in minute . but this child be native and with the practice of many year , jamal and salim zig - zag down the warren of lane . they dodge past people cooking in the doorway , sleep , wash clothes or in the case of Vinod , a naked four year - old , pissing into the drain . salim shout a warning . ( continued ) 8 . 13 continued : 13 salim Vinod ! musketeer come through ! without break step , they both jump expertly over the stream of piss . not so the Security Guard who get it all over he trousers , but do not stop the pursuit . the two child charge past a shack fill to the roof with chicken in cage who all start squawk . they break out into the sunlight of the `main road ' of the slum line with shop . it be pack : with people , stall , bicycle and cow . all modern India be here , drink tea , shouting at each other , sell food , play carom , video game . leave a trail of shouting and wreckage behind they , the pair approach a brand new mercede almost block the lane . beside it stand jave , a impressive man in a beautiful suit and he two minder . jamal and salim skid to a stop , put they hand together in respectful greeting and edge ever so carefully past the immaculate paintwork of the car . still in pursuit , the Security Guard also slide carefully past the car with deprecate bow and smile . on past the chi stall where a crowd have gather to watch a hindi film blaring from the tv rig up overhead . the irate Security Guard get tangle up in a bicycle . jamal and salim stop to give he a taunting , hip -gyrate parody of the dance on the tv before scoot down another tunnel . they break out into sunlight again . woman' voice jamal ! jamal skid to a halt , bump into salim who be already freeze . jamal shit. mummy-ji. jamal' mother do not you move a muscle . the Security Guard arrive and he too skid to a halt at the sight of jamal 's mother . jamal' mother ( cont 'd ) thank you , mister gupta . I will deal with this two . the Guard put he hand together in grudge respect as jamal 's mother lift each skinny kid off the floor by they t-shirt and march they down the road . 9. 14 int . school . day . 14 the two renegade be dumped by jamal 's mother into they desk as mister nandha hand out ancient school book . mister nandha so , the musketeer return . we be honoure . salim . or porthos , be not it ? he crash the heavy book down on he head . salim open the book . jamal glance over and turn the book the right way round for salim . salim I know ! mister nandha hover over jamal 's head . he wince in anticipation . mister nandha and athos . the book come down like thunder . jamal blink from the impact and suddenly we be back .... 15 int . inspector' office . day . 15 ... in the Inspector 's office . jamal watch srinivas fiddling with the video recorder , try to get a picture . through the pebble glass , jamal see shape move along the corridor . 16 int . corridor . police station . day . 16 the commissioner of Police be fawn along beside prem as they walk . the Young constable hurry behind . commissioner of police it be so kind of you to visit we station , Sir . a great honour . prem not at all , not at all . I hope you will visit we , commissioner . out of he jacket pocket come a couple of ticket . prem ( cont 'd ) bring the family . it 's a lot of fun . commissioner of police oh ! a thousand thanks , sir. missus janda will be overcome . ( continued ) 10 . 16 continued : 16 he turn to the Young constable . commissioner of police ( cont 'd ) chi , you lazy chutiyé , chi ! the Inspector join they in the corridor . commissioner of police ( cont 'd ) ah , Inspector ! crack it ? the Inspector move he head . maybe yes , maybe no . inspector nearly , sir. the commissioner be just able to contain he apoplexy . commissioner of police nearly ? nearly ? when prem Kumar himself have - prem hold up a tolerant hand to the commissioner who fall silent . turn he laser - like charm onto the Inspector . prem Inspector . how good to meet you . clearly the kid cheat . inspector clearly , Sir . prem so , it be just a question of how , no ? inspector indeed , Sir . the proof . that be all we need . prem we be lucky to have a man of you obvious experience on the case . this kid might run ring around we filmi type , but he will not make fool out of the Mumbai Police Force , I can see that . forced laughter from the commissioner . prem ( cont 'd ) in front of sixty million people . more laughter . and fear . ( continued ) 11 . 16 continued : ( 2 ) 16 prem ( cont 'd ) which be what will happen if we do not get a result , gentlemen . he go back on the show to rob we all with the whole of India watch . but . I can rely on you . prem walk away down the corridor . stop and turn , apparently casual . prem ( cont 'd ) have he - have he make any allegation ? inspector allegation ? prem he 's a cun one . a convincing liar . do not be take in , Inspector , do not be take in . walk off . the Inspector stare after he . go back into he office . 17 int . inspector' office . 17 srinivas have finally get the recorder to work . we get snatch of filmi dance - heroine sing on mountainside surround by implausible number of flag - cricket and finally after some shouting by the Inspector , who want to be a millionaire ?. inspector so , mister malik , the man who know the answer . talk . we close in on the tv screen where prem be smile he crocodile smile and find ourselves .... 18 int . studio . night . 18 ...as prem ask the first question . prem so , be you ready for you first question for one thousand rupee ? jamal yes . prem not bad money to sit in a chair and answer a question . better than make the tea , no ? ( continued ) 12 . 18 continued : 18 jamal no. yes. no. prem no. yes. no. apka final answer ? laughter from the audience . jamal look confuse . prem wave it away , switch on he serious face . prem ( cont 'd ) remember , you have three lifeline if you be not sure of you answer - ask the audience , 50/50 and phone a friend . so , the question : the light go down , the portentous music roll . prem ( cont 'd ) who be the star of the 1973 hit film Zanjeer . be it a - Close on jamal 's eye . 19 int . shack . night . 19 a tiny shack . a garland of dirty plastic flower surround a tear flyer for one of amitabh bacchan 's film . 20 ext . juhu slum . rubbish dump . night . 20 salim be sit on a chair at the end of a rickety wooden pier , though it be not water , but a sea of rubbish and sewage that lie below they . there be dozen of this pier protrude from the slum onto airport land , each with a toilet shack perch right at the end . another man hurry up the pier and hand salim a coin . salim immediately , sir . turn to the toilet door . salim ( cont 'd ) bhai , get out of there . prakash want a shit . jamal o.s. not finish . prakash stop you time - pass . this be urgent . ( continued ) 13 . 20 continued : 20 jamal o.s. it 's a shy one . since when be there a time limit on a crap ? salim since there be a customer wait , that 's when . he flash another placatory smile at prakash . jamal o.s. ( sing / grunt ) come on out , you beauty , unveil yourself , my darling - warling .... prakash look , kid , I get a bad stomach . it 's borderline .... a disturbing combination of heaving and snake- charmer noise come from the toilet shack . finally prakash can stand it no longer . prakash ( cont 'd ) I be off to devi 's bog . give I that . he snatch the coin back from salim and hurry off . salim bang on the toilet door . salim you just lose I good money , you stupid idiot - salim stop . in the distance , there be the faint sound of shouting , a crowd come closer . then the crowd burst through the outer shack of the slum , pour onto the rubbish dump and make for the airfield . man it 's amitabh ! that 's he helicopter ! jamal o.s. amitabh ? amitabh bacchan ? 21 int / ext . toilet . night . 21 jamal peer through one of the many crack in the shack . he see crowd surging around the pier , charge towards a landing helicopter . salim shove the chair under the door handle - effectively lock it - and run down the pier to join the chase . jamal pull up he short . jamal no! wait ! salim , sala ! salim ! ( continued ) 14 . 21 continued : 21 rattles the lock door . pull a tear flyer from he pocket advertising a amitabh movie . jamal ( cont 'd ) wait ! amitabh .... he look down the toilet hole at the sewage beneath he , the landing helicopter , the disappear crowd . a final rattle of the door . there be only one way out . he jump down the hole , sprawling headlong into a year 's worth of human waste , manage to keep the flyer out the mire . he run for the helicopter . jamal ( cont 'd ) amitabh - ji ! amitabh -ji ! salim be at the back of the crowd , try to force a way through , but the adult shove he back . not so for jamal . the down - draft from the helicopter flick bit of sewage from he clothes . disgust fan curse he and get out of he way . suddenly , the red sea part and there be nobody between jamal and amitabh bacchan get out of the helicopter . jamal ( cont 'd ) please . amitabh -ji. jamal hold out he flyer . use to signing autograph , the movie star barely look at jamal . he take the flyer and scribbles he autograph on it . jamal ( cont 'd ) a thousand thanks , amitabh - ji . he hand the flyer back to jamal as he bodyguard surround he and hustle he into a car . jamal chase the flyer across the tarmac , grab it . kiss it . 22 ext . juhu slum . night . 22 from high up , the rickety tin roof - top of the slum seem to stretch to the horizon . there be a distant shout , a figure wave a arm . man it 's come ! then another shout and another , a chain of voice come closer . people come out of they doorway with pail and bucket . the shout come closer until we see a naked figure entirely encase in bubbles dance and sing in the lane . jamal be the happiest boy in the slum . jamal ( sing ) amitabh , amitabh , oh amitabh ! ( more ) ( continued ) 15 . 22 continued : 22 jamal ( cont 'd ) I have you autograph , oh , holy amitabh ! mother here it come ! Water come bubbling through a hose and jamal 's mother hose down she ecstatic son . 23 ext . juhu slum . night . 23 not far away , salim wander to mister chi 's stall . he glance around to make sure everybody be glue to the hindi film on mister chi 's tv and surreptitiously slip mister chi the sign flyer . mister chi take a look and give salim a small wad of rupee . he stick the money in he pocket , slink away . 24 ext . juhu slum . night . 24 a tear-stain jamal be furiously try to batter salim , but salim 's extra strength and height mean that he can keep jamal at bay with one hand , jamal 's flail fist punch thin air . jamal sala ! sala ! salim 's laughter only make jamal cry harder . 25 int . inspector' office . night . 25 Close on the tv screen in the Inspector 's office . prem ponder jamal 's choice . press a button on he computer . prem v/o you choose a- amitabh bacchan . guess what ? you just win one thousand rupee ! applause on screen . the Inspector look at jamal . jamal shrug . jamal you do not have to be a genius . constable srinivas I know it be amitabh . jamal like I say . constable srinivas twist jamal 's arm behind he back , evince a squeal of pain from jamal . ( continued ) 16 . 25 continued : 25 jamal ( cont 'd ) ( squealing ) he 's the most famous man in India ...! the Inspector stare at jamal , turn back to the tv where prem be ask the next question . prem o/s for four thousand rupee .... the national emblem of India be a picture of three lion . what be write underneath ? be it ... 26 int . studio . night . 26 prem ...a ) the truth alone triumph . B ) lies alone triumph . C ) fashion alone triumph . D ) money alone triumph . prem shoot a mock puzzle look out to the audience elicite giggle from they . prem ( cont 'd ) what do we think , jamal ? the most famous phrase in we country 's history . maybe you want to phone a friend ? laughter from the audience . the studio light bear down on jamal . a drop of sweat trickle down he forehead . prem be loving he discomfort . prem ( cont 'd ) or ask the audience ? I have a hunch they might just know the answer . what do we think ? he gesture expansively at he audience . oh , they love he . jamal yes . prem ( startle ) yes ? jamal ask the audience . prem whistle . raise he eye at the audience . prem well , you be the contestant , jamal . ( more ) ( continued ) 17 . 26 continued : 26 prem ( cont 'd ) put the poor man out of he misery , lady and gentlemen . Press you key - pad now . the light dim . portentous music . 27 int . inspector' office . day . 27 the Inspector press pause . sigh . inspector so , jamal . my five - year- old daughter know the answer to that , but you do not . strange for a millionaire genius . what happen ? you accomplice nip out for a piss , do he ? or do he just not cough loud enough ? silence . constable srinivas kick jamal 's chair . constable srinivas the Inspector ask you a question . jamal how much be bhelpuri at jeevan 's stall on chowpatty Beach ? inspector what ? jamal one bhelpuri . how much ? constable srinivas ( can not help himself ) ten rupee . jamal wrong. Fifteen since divali . who steal constable varma 's bicycle outside dadar Station last Thursday ? inspector ( amused ) you know who that be ? jamal everyone in juhu know that . even five year - old . despite himself , the Inspector laugh . then lean in . ( continued ) 18 . 27 continued : 27 inspector I will give you five hundred rupee if you just admit it . you go home , I go home . everybody happy . jamal just stare back . inspector ( cont 'd ) no , you want to go back on the programme and win twenty million rupee , do not you ? jamal would not you ? 28 int . studio . night . 28 prem the audience have choose . and , whaddya know ? ninety - nine percent of they think the answer be a ) . the truth alone triumph . what do we think , jamal ? a hundred percent would have make I a little more reassure , maybe .... prem shrug , make a show of examine he computer . suddenly fix he with he eye . prem ( cont 'd ) be you marry , jamal ? jamal no . prem well , do not despair , there 's someone out there who think we national motto be " fashion alone triumph " . you two could be very well match . audience laughter . 29 int . gallery . night . 29 the director be shaking he head . director what the bloody hell be he play at ? he 's way off script ... vision mixer Split up with he girl - friend . ( continued ) 19 . 29 continued : 29 director which one ? vision mixer all three , I hear . nita as well . back with the wife . she 's pregnant again . director oh , God , that 's all we need .... vision mixer oh , for sharukh Khan ... stand by white out . 30 int . studio . night . 30 prem ... win four thousand rupee ! Music , light , applause . prem ( cont 'd ) one more question before the commercial break . what will we call Centre Assistant do next ? the light dim . prem press he computer . prem ( cont 'd ) religion ! interesting . for sixteen thousand rupee , in depiction of the God Ram , he be famously hold what in he right hand ? be it a ) a flower . B ) a scimitar . C ) a child or D ) a bow and arrow ? 31 ext . dhobi . juhu slum . day . 31 right next to the railway line be a pond of dirty water surround by shack in which dozen of woman be wash clothes . train flash past only foot away from they . down the other end of the pond , nine - year old jamal and salim be splash noisily with some other child . jamal 's mother pause in she scrubbing , wipe sweat from she forehead and gaze up at the leaden sky . jamal and salim' mother it 's go to come . today . I can feel it . the woman next to she nod . woman hope so . my head be explode . ( continued ) 20 . 31 continued : 31 mother yes . we need rain . jamal be try to intercept the ball that salim and krishna be throw to each other . he 's not have much success . the ball fly overhead again from salim to krishna . jamal dive for it , miss and go underwater . when he come up for air , he shake he head , clear he ear of water . then he stop , listen . shake he head again . definitely something strange . Thunder ? salim and krishna be trading catch , unaware that anything have change . but jamal 's mother have hear it too . the faintest sound of shouting , roaring . the wave of noise be still faint but get louder . a freeze moment break by : mother ( cont 'd ) run ! jamal , salim , run ! everybody stare at she . a train speed through as she continue to shout , she word lose beneath the thunder train . mother ( cont 'd ) go! run! the train go through , the last carriage fly past suddenly open up the sight of a wall of rioting man wield club , scythes , metal bar . they come scream across the railway track . salim krishna , quick ! salim hold out he hand to krishna who be wading with difficulty through the water . krishna no way ! you be a bloody Muslim . get away from I ! the rioter leap the track and be upon they . krishna ( cont 'd ) they're Muslims ! him and he ! mother go ! salim and jamal scramble out and retreat into the lane . salim turn to see he mother fell by a rioter . she be surround by scream , chant man who rain blow down on she . jamal run back and drag salim down a alley . as they head down the alley , they get glimpsis of burn house , flee woman , a three - year old boy in a doorway , paint entirely in garish blue . he stare at they . in he hand , he be carry a bow and arrow . a eleven - year old girl dress only in a pair of pants run after they . ( continued ) 21 . 31 continued : ( 2 ) 31 she have two bleed red gashes on she back . they turn a corner and head towards some van full of police . jamal see mister nandha , the school teacher , stop . jamal salim ! then mister nandha start walk towards he . a oasis of calm in the chaos . jamal look at he with relief . jamal ( cont 'd ) mister nandha . mister nandha smile , walk towards they . mister nandha Ram nam satya hai , babri masjid dhvasth hai . jamal mister nandha ? mister nandha we have destroy you mosque . now , the follower of Ram will drive you dog out of we city . from behind he back he produce a knife and run towards jamal , scream . mister nandha ( cont 'd ) Ram have return to he temple ! Ram have return ! they flee , but jamal turn , see the girl , freeze . he chase back a few step , haul she arm . the spell break , and they be off . 32 int . STREET . evening . 32 they reach the safety of the police van . but inside the van , the police be smoking , laugh , play card . down the street , a man come whirling out of a doorway , he hair on fire . he fall into the middle of the street and be engulf by rioter . unperturbed , the police continue to chat . salim and jamal look on , horrify . then one of the police man turn , look at they . be interested . motion to a colleague . put out he cigarette with purpose . jamal let 's go , bhai . salim and jamal run . the girl follow . 22 . 33 ext . mumbai . evening . 33 salim and jamal stand on a hill overlook the city . Black smoke billow from a large area that be clearly the juhu slum . stand a little way off be the girl . jamal we should go back . silence . jamal ( cont 'd ) see if ama - salim shake he head fiercely , silencing jamal for a moment . but only a moment . jamal ( cont 'd ) what about jeevan chacha ? salim shake he head . jamal ( cont 'd ) maybe he - salim shake he head again . salim - I see he . he be with they . jamal but he would not hurt - salim - he be with they ! jamal but - salim - shut up , jamal , can not you ? just shut up ! salim turn away and see the girl . pick up a rock and hurl it at she . she dodge , take a couple of step back but make no real attempt to get away . he find another rock and hurl this in she direction too . salim ( cont 'd ) ja ! then a flash of lightning and thunder rumble across the city . rain begin to come down . jamal what shall we do ? ( continued ) 23 . 33 continued : 33 no answer . jamal sit down . salim sit down . at a distance , the girl sit down . rain pour down they face . 34 int . builder' yard . night . 34 rain as you have never see . a pile of huge water pipe in a sprawling builder 's yard . jamal be in one pipe , salim above he in another . they be both soak , shiver , but have find some plastic sheet to wrap themselves in . outside , thirty foot away , stand the girl . stare . salim hiss angrily at the girl . salim go away . ja , ja ! the girl might not even have hear . salim ( cont 'd ) she will have the Security Guard onto we , stand there . jamal not if we let she in . salim no . jamal she could be the third musketeer . salim I be the head of this family , now . and I say no . piss off , you . salim huddle down in the pipe . after a while , jamal follow suit . salim ( cont 'd ) we do not even know what the third musketeer 's call . 35 ext . juhu slum . day 35 a flash of jamal 's mother be clubbed to the ground . her scream . 36 int . builder' yard . later . 36 jamal wake with a jolt and a scream half - swallow in he mouth . he shut he eye tight , try to force the image out . his breathe slow and he see the girl stare at he . salim , too , be stare into nothing . the rain be still fall . ( continued ) 24 . 36 continued : 36 the girl go back to draw shape in the mud with she finger . jamal climb out of the pipe . look at salim for permission or refusal , but he just continue to stare . so , jamal walk across to she . she look up , wary . jamal where 's you mother ? silence . jamal ( cont 'd ) Father ? the girl shake she head slightly . jamal take the plastic sheet from around he shoulder . give it to she . jamal ( cont 'd ) I be jamal . he 's salim . latika latika . jamal go back to he water pipe , climb in . watch she huddle under the sheet . sigh , motion for she to join he . she dart across , jump into the water pipe and huddle up next to jamal . 37 int . inspector' office . day . 37 jamal look at the Inspector . jamal I wake up every morning wishing I do not know the answer to that question ? if it be not for Ram and Allah , I would still have a mother . 38 int . studio . night 38 jamal D ) a bow and arrow . prem final answer ? jamal final answer . prem stare at he for dramatic effect . press he computer . prem Computer - ji , D lock kiya-jaye . ( continued ) 25 . 38 continued : 38 the light dim , the music swell . prem ( cont 'd ) jamal malik , you answer d? Ram be depict with a bow and arrow in he hand . and guess what ? you have just win sixteen thousand rupee ! well do , my friend . time for a commercial break - do not go away , now . Music , applause . prem switch off he professional smile . get up . prem ( cont 'd ) get lucky , huh ? I would take the money . you will never get the next one . jamal you be from the juhu slum , be not you ? prem hmm ? sure . know where I live now , kid ? pali Hill . twelve bedroom , a /c in every room , two kitchen , a gym and a screen room . steel ball be what it take , my friend , steel ball . the floor manager come over and give he head - phone set to prem . prem listen . director v/o prem ? tone it down , for goodness sake . you be make he a laugh stock . prem glance up at the gallery with contempt . prem we be have fun here . they love it ... where the hell do you get they from ? he make no attempt to hide the conversation from jamal . director v/o it 's suppose to be a quiz show , not a blood sport . floor manager two minute . ( continued ) 26 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 prem stop wetting you pants . I will be a good little boy with the next one . promise . he chuck the head - phone back at the floor manager . glance in the wing . see nita , the make - up woman . get up and go over . 39 int . studio . backstage . night . 39 in the half - light , backstage , nita dab he face with powder . prem meet I after the show . please . nita no . prem nita , I can explain . nita no need . I read it in bloody stardust . do not even have the ball to tell I . " prem 's happiness with another baby on the way " . after everything you say ... prem baby , it all happen before I meet you . I swear to you . nita she 's get the gestation period of a elephant , then . prem be about to object . but instead , he laugh . prem you see ? amidst all this misery , only you can make I laugh . scornful but hint of melting . nita all this misery ... prem her and I - nothing . you have to believe I , baby ... nita turn away . the floor manager come over . floor manager one minute . ( continued ) 27 . 39 continued : 39 prem sling himself in a chair . prem no. I be not go on . nita prem ... prem I can not . without you , it 's all pointless . click he finger at the floor manager . prem ( cont 'd ) you . tell the director . nita shake she head at the floor manager who by now be look very worried . floor manager thirty second . prem shrug and fold he arm . see she weaken . nita prem ... prem calypso bar , private room , just you and I ? floor manager Fifteen . nita ( furious ) alright . he grin , jump up , blow she a kiss , and stalk back on stage . 40 int . studio . night . 40 he sit back down , say almost to himself . prem steel ball . turn to jamal . prem ( cont 'd ) okay , juhu boy , you have have a good run . take you mother to khandala and eat some chiki . jamal my mother 's dead . ( continued ) 28 . 40 continued : 40 prem well , you girlfriend then . even better . jamal I do not have a girl - friend . prem live wire like you ? you surprise I . floor manager five , four ... the warm - up man start the applause . talkback v/o .... three , two , one ... cheer and music . prem switch on he charm . prem welcome back to who want to be a millionaire ! we contestant , jamal malik , call Centre Assistant - from Mumbai , be on sixteen thousand rupee and have already use one lifeline : ask the audience . so , my friend : be you ready for the next question ? jamal yes . prem then , let 's play . portentous music . the light dim . prem ( cont 'd ) for sixty - four thousand rupee . the british architect Frederick Stevens design which famous building in India ? be it : a ) the Taj Mahal . B ) chhatrapati shivaji terminus . C ) India Gate . D ) Howrah Bridge . what do you think , jamal ? be you one of that tea-boys with a penchant for architecture ? 41 int . chhatrapati shivaji terminus . day . 41 known to everyone as vt station , this monument to victorian railway architecture be a dangerous place to be at rush hour . ( continued ) 29 . 41 continued : 41 even before the train have stop , man be jump from the open door , or vaulting out of the window or from the roof of the train to join the ten of thousand of mumbaite stream to and from work . a seventeen - year old jamal squeeze himself out of a train and shove through the crowd . he check the time . the digital numeral flick to five o'clock . look around the tide of humanity . 42 int . studio . night . 42 prem so , what 's it to be ? walk away and this cheque for sixteen thousand rupee be yours . look , it 's even get you name on it . he produce a cheque and wave it at jamal . jamal I do not have a bank account . laughter from the audience . prem be momentarily wrong - foote . jamal ( cont 'd ) but I will take cash . more laughter , this time with jamal , rather than at he . prem get up and start rummage theatrically through he jacket pocket and trousers . prem nope . look like the producer 's steal my wallet again - jamal - I will play . nobody be expect this . least of all prem who have to rearrange he feature into one of surprised delight . he sit down . prem you will play ? jamal why not ? prem well , well , well . we have get a wild one , here . prem tear up the cheque with theatrical slowness . ( continued ) 30 . 42 continued : 42 prem ( cont 'd ) for sixty - four thousand rupee , lady and gentlemen , the question once again .... 43 int . chhatrapati shivaji terminus . day . 43 the digital clock show five fifteen . shove the descend river of people out of he way , the eighteen year - old jamal be forging a path up step that cross the platform . he push to the middle of the footbridge and lean out on the side railing . he scan the sea of people , desperately . then he see she : the eighteen year - old latika , heart - stoppingly beautiful , over the other side of the station . a world away . she be scan the crowd , as wire as he be . jamal latika ! latika ! but though he be scream she name , he voice be swallow by the noise around he . then he see two thuggish - look man also fight a way towards she . jamal ( cont 'd ) latika ! frightened now , he fight he way down the step , one figure against a army of white - robe people . jamal ( cont 'd ) latika ! jamal v/o chhatrapati shivaji terminus . prem v/o chhatrapati shivaji terminus . sure ? jamal v/o I think so . prem v/o you think so . a brave man , lady and gentlemen , a brave man . 44 int . chhatrapati shivaji terminus . day . 44 the commuter have mostly go . jamal be pace the platform desperately . he stop , stare blankly at the statue in front of he - a proud , rather pompous figure in a victorian frock coat . the plaque read : Frederick Stevens . 31 . 45 int . inspector' office . night . 45 the Inspector , srinivas and jamal be stare at the video recorder . jamal yes. final answer . chhatrapati shivaji terminus . prem be the right answer ! sixty -four thousand rupee to you , Sir ! applause and music . the Inspector press pause . stare at jamal . inspector and do she come back ? jamal smile sadly . jamal I would not be here if she have . inspector pretty be she ? jamal stare down at he foot . inspector ( cont 'd ) guess not . right in the eye . jamal the most beautiful woman in the world . constable srinivas snort . suddenly , jamal be out of he chair and at srinivas ' throat . the combine force of the Inspector and srinivas force he roughly back down . he be again handcuff to the chair . inspector of police well , well . the slum dog bark . money or woman . the reason for most mistake in life . look like you get mix up with both . srinivas , you need the exercise : a trip to vt Station to check on the statue . and lock you bloody bike up . constable srinivas swear under he breath but bumble out . ( continued ) 32 . 45 continued : 45 inspector that 's the chutiyé out the way . now , man to man . how do you know all the answer ? jamal if I know , I would tell you . 46 omitted 46 47 omitted 47 48 int . studio . night . 48 prem now we be into the serious money . for two hundred and fifty thousand rupee , lady and gentleman , a quarter of a million rupee ... the song chalo ri murali be write by which famous indian poet . be it a ) surdas . B ) tulsidas . C ) mira bai. D ) kabir . remember you still have two lifeline - fifty - fifty and phone a friend . tempted to use one ? jamal no . prem no ? jamal I know this one . prem oh. I see . a expert on the poet , huh ? the light dim , the music swell and prem press he computer . 49 ext . mumbai STREET . night . 49 jamal be study a piece of paper and read out number from it . there be something not quite right about jamal - perhaps the fact that there be two foot by he ear . salim be stand on he shoulder and spraying the number on a wall with a aerosol and a certain lack of confidence . ( continued ) 33 . 49 continued : 49 jamal four , nine , zero , nine - the one with the stick go down , salim - six - stick go up - latika 's head appear from around the corner . latika ( whisper ) oi! but they do not hear . then she be run for she life past the pair of they . jamal six , one , shit , let 's go - salim collapse off jamal 's shoulder and all three run off down a alley past a dozen of the gang 's spray - on advert all read : " beanbag - 989 4909661 " . a fat Security Guard with a long stick huff round the corner . chase they up a alley . nowhere to go except through a impose gate that clearly lead to a private house . security guard get you now , little shit . 50 ext . garden . night . 50 they charge across the lawn , down one side of the house where all the wash be hang . the Guard get catch up in drying sheet , towel . he fight he way through to see salim , latika and jamal leaping over the wall to safety . but jamal turn , jump back and grab a girl 's dress from the line . security guard aha ! Little thief ! the Security Guard land a couple of blow on jamal 's back as he dodge around he and back across the lawn , dress in hand . the Security Guard give up . security guard ( cont 'd ) pervert ! 51 int . alley . night . 51 jamal be exam the bruise on he leg . salim useless bloody look -out . what good be she , huh ? ( continued ) 34 . 51 continued : 51 latika ( infuriate ) I try to warn you . jamal it 's okay , salim . latika slip on the dress . spin . both of they look up . stare . she pull she hair back , smile , be transformed into a beautiful girl . 52 ext . gorai beach dumping ground . day . 52 blaze sun . digger and truck be shifting mound of rubble on a rubbish dump that seem to stretch for ever . oblivious to the dust kick up by the truck , latika be pick up old plastic bag , examine each one and put the less wear in a big sack . the dress be recognisable but dusty and tear . she stoops to dig another bag out of the dirt , but stop and stare . shimmer in the heat , a rickety pick - up truck come through the rubbish dump gate . toot at the Guard who wave , pull up in the dump . " hope orphanage be write on the side of the van . a man get out . look around . 53 int . ` tent '. day . 53 under sheet of plastic propped up on stick , jamal and salim be sleep out the hot part of the day . jamal wake to see a figure stand over he - a silhouette with a halo of sun behind he . out of he bag , the man produce a bottle of thumb up . he uncap it with a allure hiss . it be almost a advert for thirst - quenching affluence . almost instinctively , salim and jamal stir . man hello . he hand the bottle to salim , get another from he bag and wave it questioningly at jamal . man ( cont 'd ) hot , huh ? my name be maman . 54 ext . orphanage . evening . 54 the hill on the edge of bombay . greenery and space , for the first time in the film . the pick - up truck pull up outside a building with jamal , salim and latika sit on a bench in the back . maman get out . drop the gate on the back of the pick -up . maman anyone hungry ? come on in . 35 . 55 int . orphanage courtyard . evening . 55 twenty child be eat at long bench in a ramshackle courtyard . maman , usher jamal , salim and latika in and sit they down at one of the bench . he wave a hand and a giant man , punnoose , come over with a big bowl of food . the three tear into it . Cleaning every last morsel of rice from he plate , jamal look up and notice a table people entirely with blind or crippled child . some of the legless be eat on the floor next to the table . jamal lean over to salim . jamal he must be a very good man to look after this people . salim ( glance at they ) a saint . arvind , a boy smaller than either jamal or salim overhear . arvind we be not allow to talk to they . latika why not ? arvind shrug . latika lick she plate , glance at maman who be look right at they . latika ( cont 'd ) well , if there be second , maman be definitely a Saint . as if telepathic , maman signal to punnoose and he bring a large bowl of rice and dhal over to they . latika look at jamal and salim . they burst out laugh . latika ( cont 'd ) I tell you , Lord siva be with we . 56 int . orphanage . evening . 56 salim , latika , jamal and a group of child be stand in a line sing a doha - ancient lyric set to music . maman be lead the sing , walk up and down the line listen to each one individually . he stop at one small boy , arvind , and listen . nod he head , pleased , and continue down the line until he stop in front of jamal . hold up he hand . maman stop ! you. again . ( continued ) 36 . 56 continued : 56 jamal start sing again . he have the sweetest of voice . untrain but pure . maman smile , ruffle jamal 's hair , impressed . maman ( cont 'd ) everyone . they all join in . maman continue down the line . he stop at salim whose octave-slipp sing be lusty and appallingly out of tune . maman wince and move on . stand next to salim , latika giggle . immediately , salim be on she . before a fight break out , punnoose pull salim off latika and hurl he across the room . salim get up and charge at punnoose . for a second , punnoose be back -foote , but then pin salim 's arm to he side . maman laugh . approach salim . maman ( cont 'd ) you sing like one , and you fight like one . I think you have find you dog , punnoose . 57 ext . central mumbai traffic . day . 57 a group of child be sit in the jumble of concrete under a motorway flyover . Cars surround they , bumper to bumper . latika and jamal be play a improvise hopscotch on concrete slab . they be giggle , bump into each other , tickle , laugh . salim and punnoose be sit together , smoking . salim be stare hard at jamal and latika until punnoose grunt , a sign for salim to clap he hand . salim okay , let 's go , let 's go ! it 's not a bloody holiday ! the child get to they foot . latika sigh , put a patch over she eye and grab a pair of crutch . suddenly , the lame beggar . salim go over to one of the girl , who be carry a sleep baby . put out he hand . salim ( cont 'd ) give I that . the girl shake she head . salim grab she by the hair in one hand and take the baby with the other . he shove she to the ground . the other child stare . jamal hey , salim ! he challenge jamal . salim what , choté bhai ? you get a problem ? ( continued ) 37 . 57 continued : 57 he laugh and walk over to latika . salim ( cont 'd ) here . for you . latika I do not want it . salim you will earn double . I be do you a favour , latika . jamal she do not want it . salim chup , jamal . latika turn away and begin to walk towards the car . salim ( cont 'd ) I will drop it . he hold the baby up . latika grab the baby with a cry just as salim release it from he hand . salim pinch the baby . salim ( cont 'd ) triple if it 's cry . latika snatch it away . salim laugh , go back to sit with punnoose . the child scatter to the car trap at the light , tapping plaintively on the window and make the universal begging gesture . 58 int . orphanage . kitchen . night . 58 surrounded by beer bottle , punnoose be slump asleep by the kitchen door . latika edge past , avoid the cook sleep under the table and go to a shelf laden with vegetable . she pull down a bunch of chilly still on the vine , strip a few off and tip -toe out with they . 59 int . orphanage . dormitory . night . 59 sleep child , three or four to a mattress on the floor . latika tip -toe around the mattress . she pause over one in particular where we see salim , asleep . she carefully pull up the sheet , delve underneath . pleasant dream cross salim 's sleep face for a second . then suddenly , he be bolt upright and scream . he charge around the room clutching he genitals in agony . salim madher chod ...! ( continued ) 38 . 59 continued : 59 he sprint out of the room , wail . 60 int . orphanage . shower . night . 60 the light be on and two dozen child be scream with laughter as salim stand under the make - shift shower direct the water down he pants to he burn genitals , he face a picture of agony . latika wipe crush chilly from she hand . salim you be dead , sala . she smile and walk past jamal with a shrug . then punnoose come stalking in and the child scatter away . punnoose get back to bed , dog ! what the hell ... jamal v/o they teach I every song in the history of indian music . inspector v/o and why would they do that , I wonder ? 61 int . shack . night . 61 in a shack , arvind be sing one of surdas ' bhajans in front of maman and a old man who by he rag appearance must be a villager . punnoose and salim sit behind arvind . maman very good , very good . I be pleased , arvind . he be ready . arvind ready ? maman nod to punnoose . before arvind can turn round , punnoose have cover he mouth with a cloth and after the briefest of struggle , arvind 's body go limp . the villager put a old tin box on the table . take the lid from the tin , he bring out a cloth and unwrap it . Inside be a spoon . he check the edge with he thumb . sharp . douse it with a clear liquid from a bottle and pass it over a candle flame . the spoon whoosh with a high flame for a moment . the villager wipe it with the cloth nod to punnoose . punnoose salim ! ( continued ) 39 . 61 continued : 61 utterly bemuse , salim nevertheless help punnoose lay arvind on the table . the villager take hold of arvind 's eyelid and pull it open . he bring the spoon close . suddenly , salim be be sick in the corner of the shack . by the time he have turn back , the villager be wiping the spoon on a blood -soak rag . maman okay . take he out the back . punnoose pick up arvind and carry he out . maman ( cont 'd ) now the other one . salim , go get jamal . a freeze moment . salim what ? maman gunfighter number one , be not that right , salim ? the money , the woman , the car ... you want they bad , huh ? and why not ? maman get out of he chair . approach salim . maman ( cont 'd ) the time have come to choose , yaar . the life of a slum dog or the life of a man . a real man . a gunfighter , salim . maman hold salim 's head in he hand . maman ( cont 'd ) you destiny be in you hand , bhai . you can be I . or nobody . understand ? salim yes , maman . maman nod . maman so , brother , go get jamal . salim be freeze for another few second , then turn and walk out of the door . punnoose appear at the door . maman nod to he and he slip off after salim . 62 int . dormitory , orphanage . night . 62 all the child be asleep apart from jamal who be crouch underneath a couple of wash -basin . ( continued ) 40 . 62 continued : 62 he be talk through a plate-size hole in the crumble masonry . latika 's eye can be see . jamal ... wedding , government thing , big party . if maman say my voice be ready . Big money . latika enough for a room ? jamal easily . maybe a apartment . latika really ? jamal that 's what arvind say . on harbour Road . you , I and salim . the three musketeer . latika harbour Road ! we can have ice cream from babanji' . jamal every day if we want . salim appear at the door . nod he head at jamal . jamal ( cont 'd ) it 's my turn . latika good luck , jamal . latika 's hand come through the gap . jamal take it for a moment . salim hiss at jamal . he let go of the hand and head out . 63 ext . path . night . 63 salim and jamal walk along the path , jamal hum happily . salim check behind he , see punnoose follow . jamal so , this be it , hey , bhai ? the good life , here we come .... salim ( conversationally ) athos . jamal be suddenly alert . slow ( continued ) 41 . 63 continued : 63 jamal porthos ? salim nod . Big smile . put a hand on jamal 's shoulder . salim when I say . 64 int . shack . night . 64 salim guide jamal into the shack where maman and the villager be wait . maman smile . punnoose slip in behind salim . maman jamal , hello . you have do well . it 's time for you to - turn professional . jamal really ? maman sing I a song , yaar . how about chalo ri murali , huh ? my favourite . jamal open he mouth , then close it again . hold out he hand . jamal fifty rupee . maman what ? jamal ( shrug ) I have turn professional . what can I do ? maman laugh . maman sala ...! he throw some note at he . 65 ext . shack . night . 65 outside , a giggle . latika be peer through a gap in the wall . 42 . 66 int . shack . night . 66 jamal begin to sing . maman wait a while , then nod to punnoose . behind jamal , punnoose hand salim the bottle of chloroform and the rag . salim approach the back of jamal . salim wait until he have finish the song . raise he hand with the rag in it . maman smile , nod . salim fling the content of the bottle in punnoose 's face . punnoose scream and stumble back clutching he eye , knock over the table . salim go ! salim and jamal scramble for the door . the knock - over candle catch the spill chloroform and a curtain which whoosh up in flame . latika jamal ! jamal run ! 66a ext . shack . night . 66 a they charge past the prone arvind - a flash of bloody bandage cover he eye . 67 ext . hillside . night . 67 heavy , desperate breathe . foot stumble on root . fall into hole . the three child be run . branch smack into they face . but they be so scared , nothing will stop they . behind they , torch scour the undergrowth . Men shouting . they break out of the wood and be confront with a train goods yard . 68 ext . good yard . night . 68 they run over the track , between the train , but the shout be get louder , the torch closer . a diesel engine be move out of the station . jamal , latika and salim sprint for the Guard 's Van at the very back of the move train . punnoose be close to they . salim be fastest and first to jump the train . he hold out he hand . jamal grab it and be haul in . jamal hold he hand out to latika . jamal come on ! faster ! she reach out to he . they hand almost touch . ( continued ) 43 . 68 continued : 68 jamal ( cont 'd ) take it ! take it ! I can not reach ... salim barge jamal out of the way . jamal stumble back as salim reach he hand out to latika , so he do not see latika 's hand grasp salim 's , nor see they eye lock onto each other , nor see salim very deliberately let go of she hand . latika stumble . latika jamal ! jamal scramble to the rail . the train gain more speed . jamal climb on to the top rung , make to jump , but salim fling he backward . jamal try to scramble to he foot again , but salim restrain he . jamal get to go back . we have get to go back . salim he will kill we if we go back . jamal ! he be go to take you eye out - with a bloody spoon ! the train be speed along . jamal break free and stare back at latika . salim ( cont 'd ) she will be alright . she always be . latika stumble again and stop run . they watch as punnoose catch up with she and stop run . he smashes latika to the ground . 69 int . studio . night . 69 prem the question be , for two hundred and fifty thousand rupee : who write the famous song chalo ri murali . I should warn you , jamal : from this question on , if you get the answer wrong you lose everything . so . be you sure ? the life - line be there .... jamal surdas . prem surdas . apka final jawab ? ( continued ) 44 . 69 continued : 69 jamal yes . prem Computer - ji , a lock kiya-jaye . the light dim , the music swell . prem press a button on he computer : look he straight in the eye for a age . prem ( cont 'd ) ( simply ) guess what ? you be right . applause , music , light . 70 int . inspector' office . day . 70 the Inspector be eying jamal , weigh it all up . jamal ( shrugging ) blind singer earn double . you know that . inspector and what happen to the girl ? they blind she too ? jamal ( shake he head ) they have other plan . though it take I a long , long time to find out . 71 ext . train . morning . 71 salim and jamal be sit on top of the train . jamal be stare blankly down the track . salim aré , jamal ... salim put a arm around jamal 's shoulder . jamal wipe the tear from he eye , shake he head furiously . salim get up . hold out he hand . salim ( cont 'd ) come . jamal where you go ? salim first class , bhai . where else ? 45 . 72 int / ext . first CLASS carriage . morning . 72 the ancient train be huffing slowly up a incline . a middle class indian couple with they three child be sit at a table , they breakfast spread before they . into this domestic scene , unseen by they come jamal . upside down and still outside the train , he be clearly be dangle by he ankle from the train roof . he give a few , silent directional sign to salim who manoeuvre he across , dip he hand into the open window , snatch a chapatti and signal franticly to be hoist up . the family continue to eat , unperturb . then jamal appear again . this time one of the child spot he . despite jamal give she a friendly wave , she yelp . the father of the group grab jamal 's hand which have just snatch a samosa . there be a tussle , salim hold onto jamal 's leg , the father hold onto jamal 's arm and jamal in the middle , shouting . salim be lose the battle and he foot . he stumble and the pair of they fall from the train , roll and tumble down a embankment in slow-motion . intersperse with the seemingly endless tumble be image of jamal and salim on top of different train - - huddle together against the freezing rain ... - surfing the wind at the front of the train ... - admire the distant himalaya .... jamal v/o we criss -cross the country from rajasthan to Calcutta . every time we be throw off we get back on again . this be we home for year . a home with wheel and a whistle . the final tumble as they crash onto flat ground . 73 ext . railway embankment . day . 73 groggily , jamal sit up and groan . somehow in the tumble , he have be transformed into a twelve year - old . and salim a strong fourteen year -old . through the haze of pain and dust , jamal see something glint in the distance - something impossibly beautiful . jamal salim ? be this heaven ? salim you be not dead , jamal . jamal clear he head . see salim pick himself up from the ground . but the apparition be still there . ( continued ) 46 . 73 continued : 73 jamal so what 's that ? salim wow . they stare at the apparition . the unmistakable outline of the Taj Mahal rise from the horizon , pink in the morning sun . nothing could be more beautiful . jamal some hotel , huh ? 74 ext . taj mahal . day . 74 jamal and salim wander under the great dome of the Taj Mahal . two tiny slum kid dwarf by this massive monument to love . it be a moment of genuine wonderment for they . then a tour guide bustles nearby , tourist flow behind he . guide ... there be five main element to the Taj . the darwaza , the main gateway , the bageecha or garden , the masjid or mosque , the naqqar khana , the rest house and the rauza or mausoleum . if you would like to follow I , I will show you the ninety - nine name of Allah on mumtaz 's tomb . as before , please remove you shoe . jamal follow the guide and he entourage into the mausoleum . salim meanwhile be study the line of shoe . tries a smart pair of woman 's court shoe , before slip a foot into a nice , white sneaker . a smile cross he face . his other foot quickly follow and he saunter away , all mock - innocence . 75 ext . taj mahal . day 75 jamal come out of the mausoleum into the bright sunlight and look around for salim . no sign of he . suddenly , a german couple approach . ada please , what time be the next tour ? jamal err - peter - so much wait around in this damned country . ( continued ) 47 . 75 continued : 75 jamal notice that he be stand next to a sign advertising guide tour of the Taj . jamal no , I - ada - we be on a very tight schedule , you see , young man . have to see the Red Fort this afternoon . would it be possible to show we around now ? obviously we understand it would cost more for just the two of we ... Peter wave a couple of thousand rupee note at jamal . his eye widen . jamal but of course , madam . please follow I . jamal stalk off . the Germans follow . jamal stop before the monument . point a confident arm at it . jamal ( cont 'd ) this be .... the Taj Mahal . a terrible pause as Peter and ada stare at he . clearly more be expect . he move off at a pace . jamal ( cont 'd ) the Taj Mahal be build by the Emperor khurram for he wife mumtaz who be maximum beautiful woman in the whole world . when she die , the Emperor decide to build this five star hotel for everyone who want to visit she tomb ... but he die in - in fifteen eighty - seven , before any of the room be build . or the lift . the swim pool , however , as you can see be complete on schedule in top class fashion . he wave confidently in the direction of the fountain . ada it say nothing of this in the guide book . jamal with respect , madam , the guide book be write by a bunch of lazy , good - for-nothing , indian beggar . ( continued ) 48 . 75 continued : ( 2 ) 75 ada oh . jamal and this , Lady and gentleman , be burial place of mumtaz . ada how do she die ? jamal a road traffic accident . ada really ? jamal maximum pile-up. peter ( suspicious ) I think she die in child - birth . jamal ( nodd sagely ) exactly , Sir . she be on the way to the hospital when it happen . jamal move on . ada and Peter exchange a glance . ada ( shrugging ) you have see the way they drive around here ... 76 ext . taj mahal . day . 76 montage of jamal authoritatively show tourist around the Taj Mahal . jamal v/o it be the best - pay job I have ever have . jamal this be the princess diana seat , madam . allow I . jamal show the tourist a batter postcard of princess diana , stare doe - eye into the distance with the Taj behind . the tourist sit . jamal adjust she leg so that they match the postcard . take the photo .... salim o/s Tourist police ! ( continued ) 49 . 76 continued : 76 ... and abandon the woman with a polite bow , charge for safety as two Police officer race towards he . CUT to : 77 ext . taj mahal . day . 77 jamal stand a Tourist on a wall and position he hand to create the optical illusion that he be dangle the Taj from he finger . take a photo for the Tourist . behind the Tourist , salim and a boy call shankar pick up the Tourist 's shoe and saunter casually across the grass . CUT to : 78 ext . roadside market . agra . day . 78 by the side of a busy market street salim stand next to a row of steal shoe . sneaker , court shoe , sandal , high heel ... he be busy barter with a man over a pair whilst jamal try to shout up business . jamal top-class fashion , bottom -class price ! shoe for all ! shoe for all ! 79 ext . boy camp , yamuna river . day . 79 hectares of drying clothes by the side of the river . spectacular square of red , saffron , white . not far away from the dhobi ghat , there be a makeshift slum - camp where salim and a gang of child be sit , smoking . jamal join they , hand over a wad of rupee to salim . salim count the cash , hand half to shankar and slap jamal so hard on the back that he nearly fall over . jamal v/o and life be good . 80 ext . slum . day . 80 jamal get out of a new mercede drive by a indian man . a middle - age american couple also get out . jamal point they down a lane which open out on India 's large dhobi where hundred of woman be beat clothes on stone slab . jamal this be the biggest dhobi ghat in the whole of India , mister David . ( more ) ( continued ) 50 . 80 continued : 80 jamal ( cont 'd ) they say that every man in uttar pradesh be wear a kurta that have be wash here at least one time . clark be that so ? that 's amazing . let 's get a look at this , Adele . he get out he video camera and wander towards the dhobi ghat . behind they a motor rickshaw pull up . salim , shankar and a couple of the street kid from the Taj leap out . within second , the mercede be up on brick and the wheel be be remove . salim take a hacksaw to the mercede badge on the bonnet , whilst urging the other on . salim aré , sala ! formula one , formula one ! pit-stop ka speed , schumacher ka ishtyle the crowd in the lane barely notice as the car be stripped of all its part . salim ( cont 'd ) go , go ! a shout from the top of the lane and the boy scatter , bounce the four wheel at speed down the lane . jamal , the indian driver and the two Americans return . they stop in front of the denude car . clark woah . what happen here ? suddenly the indian driver be slapping jamal ferociously around the head with one of he shoe . driver I give you two tight slap , mader chod ! jamal I do not know ! I do not do it , do I ...? nothing to do with I ... get off ! but the beat continue , the driver kick jamal down onto the floor . the two Americans stare , uncertain what to do . adele do something , Clark . clark well , I - I dunno , I - finally Clark intervene , pull the driver off jamal . ( continued ) 51 . 80 continued : ( 2 ) 80 clark ( cont 'd ) okay , okay , just cool it . you be insure , be not you ? Jesus Christ ... jamal sit up . he be bleed from he nose and mouth . clark ( cont 'd ) you okay ? jamal you want to see the `real India ' , mister David . here it be . adele well , here 's a bit of the real America , too , son . Adele pull out he wallet and rummages for dollar . 81 ext . yamuna river . night . 81 a batter jamal limp along the river bank towards the Taj . he stop , bathes he swollen face in the river . then look up . strange light appear to emanate from the base of the monument . and then strange sound . 82 ext . taj mahal . night . 82 jamal climb a crumble wall and be confront with a opera take place right under the dome . gluck 's orfeo ed euridice . hundred of India 's smartest professional be watch from bank seating on a scaffold frame . 83 ext . stand . night . 83 jamal and a couple of street kid slip under the scaffold support the bank seat . the street kid be try to reach the hand - bag of the woman above they . boy ( hiss ) oi , jamal ! there 's a woman with no panty on over here . jamal reach up and easily lift a wallet from a man 's trouser pocket . on stage , the actor start sing . jamal seem to have forget the wallet and stare , mesmerise , at the stage . woman why do not you put it back and listen to the music ? ( continued ) 52 . 83 continued : 83 jamal start , make to run , but the woman who speak hold out a cigarette . a canadian back - packer be sit , stare at the singer . woman ( cont 'd ) it 's call orfeo . orpheus and eurydice . orpheus - that one there - be look for he lover , eurydice . she die , but he can not live without she . she hand he a cigarette . he put the wallet back . she smile at he and they both turn to the stage . woman ( cont 'd ) the pain be so bad that he go to the underworld - the place we go when we die - to try to get she back . jamal you can not do that . can you ? woman ( shrugging ) you can in opera . jamal do he find she ? woman watch and see . jamal watch as orpheus sing one of the most beautiful piece of music a human be likely to hear . tear be run down jamal 's cheek . 84 ext . yamuna river . night . 84 salim , shankar , jamal and the Taj gang be gather around a campfire . all of they wear extraordinary foot - wear of one form or another , from elaborate high heel to walk boot five size too large . a home -made hooka pipe be be pass around the fire . the eye of the child have long since stop focuss . salim be sport a mercede benz badge on a chain around he neck . behind he , jamal appear , he face swollen . he take off he fake guide 's badge and throw it in the fire . salim woah ! what be you - jamal ? jamal we have to go , salim . salim go ? go where ? ( continued ) 53 . 84 continued : 84 jamal bombay . salim do not be stupid . we be make good money here . jamal we should have go a long time ago . salim turn to shankar with sudden understanding . salim oh , God . baby brother 's in love . with a flat - chest hijra . jamal latika be one of we . a musketeer . salim a musketeer ... grow up , jamal . look , how be I to know they would beat you up . here , you can have some of the cash . come on ... jamal I have get cash . he rip out a wad of dollar bill from he pocket . jamal ( cont 'd ) dollar . salim how much ? jamal enough . I be get my stuff . he walk off . salim wait ! jamal ! ah , shit ! he get up , kick the fire in rage and stomp after jamal . 85 int . studio . night . 85 prem lean back in he chair . prem so , my friend : ready for another question . ( continued ) 54 . 85 continued : 85 jamal yes . prem press he computer . the light dim again , the music come up . prem for a straight one million rupee , lady and gentlemen ... on a american one hundre dollar Bill there be a portrait of which american statesman ? be it a ) , George Washington , B ) Franklin Roosevelt , C ) Benjamin Franklin , D ) abraham lincoln ? silence from jamal . prem ( cont 'd ) pay or play , jamal ? all you have to do be stop now and you walk away with a cool quarter of a million rupee . decide to play , get the answer wrong and you walk away with absolutely nothing . but , get the answer right and you win a million rupee . so. you decide . pay or play ? a long pause . 86 int . gallery . night . 86 director okay , he have not get a clue . this be go to be a walk - away . stand by . vision mixer no , he 's go to play with he , first . 87 int . studio . night . 87 prem get a lot of hundred dollar bill in you line of work , jamal ? jamal the minimum tip for my service . laughter from the audience . ( continued ) 55 . 87 continued : 87 prem now I know why my cell phone bill be so high ... they pay the chi-wallah in hundred dollar bill ! jamal it 's c. Benjamin Franklin . a gasp from the audience . prem be catch off-guard . prem woah ! we have not lock the computer , man . you be go to play ? jamal I think I just have . have not I ? prem you certainly have . c. right ? jamal right . c. prem not confusing you franklin ? Benjamin for Roosevelt ? jamal I have never hear of Roosevelt Franklin . prem there 's a million rupee at stake and he 's never hear of Roosevelt Franklin ... I can not bear to look . he give this one to the audience who titter on cue . jamal look confuse . prem ( cont 'd ) no , no . do not you worry , jamal . you be ask which statesman be depict on a hundred dollar bill . you say c. Benjamin Franklin . lady and gentlemen ... he press the computer , pretend to ruminate for a while with he finger press to he lip . prem ( cont 'd ) jamal malik - you choose to play not pay . I be afraid you no longer have two hundred and fifty thousand rupee .... ( continued ) 56 . 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 prem lean over and tear up the cheque . there be a sigh of disappointment from the audience , a look of confusion on jamal 's face . prem ( cont 'd ) ... you in fact have one million rupee ! Wild applause from the audience . jamal allow himself a genuine smile . 88 int . inspector' office . day . 88 the Inspector pull out a note from he wallet . glance at it . inspector who 's on the thousand rupee note ? jamal I do not know . he wave the note at he . inspector it 's Gandhi ! jamal I have hear of he . the Inspector kick he chair . inspector do not get clever or I will get the electricity out again . jamal they do not ask I that question . I do not know why . ask they . the Inspector stare hard at jamal . inspector funny , you do not seem that interested in money . then , constable srinivas stomp back into the office , sweat pour from he . constable srinivas platform seventeen - have to consult he notebook . ( continued ) 57 . 88 continued : 88 constable srinivas ( cont 'd ) a statue of Frederick Stevens , architect and builder of Victoria terminus in - inspector of police - yes , yes , srinivas . the hundred dollar bill . 89 ext . bombay . day . 89 from a thousand foot in the sky , look down on the limitless megatropolis of Mumbai . half - build sky - scraper , slum , factory , road , train . jamal v/o bombay have turn into Mumbai . we descend , down until the line of ant become people . jamal v/o ( cont 'd ) the orphanage have go , the slum have go , the people .... all go . and everywhere be building , building , building . descend even further , we pick out a construction site and then jamal .... 90 ext . construction site . day . 90 .. who be stare through a wire fence at the construction site . jamal v/o but I know she be here . somewhere she be here . he turn away , then something catch he eye . underneath all the scrap of flyer and poster on a break wall be a corner of something that jamal recognise . he tear back a poster . underneath , fade but recognisable be one of they beanbag graffiti advertisement . 91 ext . slum . night . 91 jamal ask a group of stall - holder on the slum main street . they shrug , be not interested . the camera pull up and up until jamal be nothing but a dot wander the maze of lane , railway and highway , one among endless million of people . jamal v/o evening , I searched . day , I work . 58 . 92 ext . HOTEL . day . 92 jamal wander up to the rickshaw driver park outside the hotel . he stop and ask a question . the driver shake they head . jamal continue up the step towards a door , exhaust face and grubby clothes walk straight towards camera . he go through the door and immediately .... 93 int . HOTEL . foyer . day . 93 .... be , without break step in a slightly grubby white uniform . he walk across the echoing , marble floor of a struggle four-star hotel , go through double door .... 94 int . HOTEL corridor . day . 94 ... into a corridor that be devoid of carpet , paint - anything except a phone on the bare wall and a stool . the phone be ringing . jamal sit on the stool and answer the phone . jamal room service , good afternoon ?... yes , sir . two chicken burger , two fries , one cocoa-cola and one mango lassi and a large bottle of mineral water ... bisleri or himalayan spring , Sir ?... certainly , Sir . that will be with you in fifteen minute , Sir . thank you . have a nice day . he hang up and go through another set of door ... 95 int . HOTEL kitchen . day . 95 ...to a cramped kitchen with definite hygiene problem . the cook be play carom on the table while under it salim be doze . jamal two chicken burger , coke , mango lassi and a bottle of bisleri . dozily , salim get up and take a look behind one of the fridge . he chase out a chicken with a desultory kick and sort through some empty mineral water bottle until he find a bisleri bottle . salim fill the bottle of mineral water from the tap and begin delicately be - sealing the tamper - proof lid with super- glue . jamal collect cutlery and start lay out a tray . ( continued ) 59 . 95 continued : 95 jamal ( cont 'd ) I be go to chowpatti again , okay ? want to come ? salim for God 's sake . you get some disease ? you force I back to this shit-hole , we leave we friend , a good life , load of money - for this . be not that enough ? jamal we come back to find she . salim no , you do , jamal , not I . I , I do not give a shit about she . plenty of pussy in bombay for salim . oh , yes , sir ! you should come down the cage on Saturday night instead of search for you lose love . jamal I be go to chowpatti . salim ( impersonate Ram ) " I be go to chowpatti " . there be nineteen million people in this city , jamal . forget she . she 's history . jamal v/o but she be not . 96 ext . bandra bandstand . day . 96 jamal be dodging the traffic at a busy junction . he move around the beggar who be work the car . then he hear sing . he look around , suddenly panicked . it be a siren song draw he across the road , not even notice that he be narrowly run down by a couple of car , to a traffic island underneath a flyover . he turn a corner and there be the singer , lean up against one of the strut of the flyover . arvind . older now , just like jamal , a fourteen year - old boy . but eye - less . jamal freeze . he approach arvind and wait until he have finish sing . despite he eyeless socket , arvind appear to know somebody be there . he turn and bow low , put he hand together . arvind namaste , sahib . any kindness you give will be repaid in heaven many time . ( continued ) 60 . 96 continued : 96 jamal get a couple of note out of he pocket and put they into arvind 's outstretch hand . he feel the note with he finger . arvind ( cont 'd ) a fifty . and a hundred ! blessing upon you , sahib . jamal how do you know ? arvind there be many way of see . arvind put he hand together and bow deep again . then , jamal take he shoe off and get out a hundred dollar bill . jamal here . jamal crouch down and put the bill into arvind 's hand . his finger feel it . he sniff it . arvind dollar . but how many ? jamal one hundred . arvind now you be play with I , sahib . jamal no. I swear . arvind what be on it ? the picture . tell I . jamal a building . with a clock on it . tree behind it . arvind the other side . turn it over . jamal a man - it do not say he name . he be sort of bald , but have long hair on the side . arvind ( smile ) Benjamin Franklin . my God , my God . thank you , sahib . you be generous the first time . but this ... ( continued ) 61 . 96 continued : ( 2 ) 96 he stop . suspect . arvind ( cont 'd ) and without even a song ? a long pause . arvind keep hold of jamal 's arm . arvind ( cont 'd ) so you be rich , now , be you , jamal ? I be happy for you . jamal I be so sorry , arvind . arvind you get away . I do not . that be all . no , no tear . tear mock I all the more . jamal arvind , I be look for - arvind - how 's you voice , jamal ? jamal I do not know . I have not sung since - since then . arvind , I - arvind - and you eye ? jamal ( surprised ) my eye ? my eye be fine . arvind then stay away , chutiyé , and count you blessing every morning you open they and see the sun rise . you owe maman . he do not forget . jamal I owe latika . arvind shake he head angrily . jamal ( cont 'd ) please . be she alive ? arvind , be she alive ? arvind alive ? oh , she 's alive alright . it 's you life , jamal . pila Street . they call she cherry , now . ( continued ) 62 . 96 continued : ( 3 ) 96 jamal thank you . jamal head off through the traffic . arvind shout after he . arvind I will sing at you funeral , yaar . 97 ext . pila STREET . night . 97 Dark , crowded street . gang of woman stand outside the doorway or lean out of upstairs window . they be garishly - dress prostitute vary in age from 13 to 60 . Men wander past , eying the possibility , exchange lewd comment with they . among the horde on the pavement be jamal and salim . they pass doorway after doorway of narrow room where prostitute wait for customer . jamal and salim stop at each group of woman , salim take the lead , clearly ask they something , as the woman either shrug or offer they something lewd - judge by the laughter that follow . but one woman in a narrow doorway point down the street . jamal have to drag a reluctant salim away from the group . 98 int . brothel . night . 98 they go into one of the tiny house . loud filmi music come from upstairs . they be confront by a woman in she fifty watch tv . she be less than interested . salim I be look for cherry . woman no , kid . not available . plenty of other . take a look . she indicate curtain cubicle behind he . salim I be latika 's brother . the woman look at he properly for the first time . woman she 's still not on the menu . choose someone else or piss off . then , jamal pull out some rupee note . jamal just two minute to talk to she . she take the money , count it . ( continued ) 63 . 98 continued : 98 woman two minute . she nod upwards . salim and jamal head up the dark , tiny staircase . the woman pick up the phone on she desk . 99 int . landing . night . 99 on the tiny landing , salim and jamal pull back a curtain to reveal a humping couple . they move on , past more woman lie on they bed or blankly have sex , not in the least perturb to be interrupt . they reach the end of the landing . from the other side of the door come the filmi music . jamal put he eye to one of the gap in the slatted door . through it he can see glimpsis of a girl dance to the music . latika ; though not the rag-picker of before . now fifteen , she be a beautiful young woman and dress in a revealing , turquoise , silk sari . salim be it she or not ? he shove jamal out of the way and watch . salim ( cont 'd ) shit , she 's sexy , man .... then the music stop , a effeminate man step into the limited frame salim can see and snap a stick down hard on latika 's hand . dance teacher smile ! Flow , flow ! you entice with the hand not make chapattis , you gawaar . again . the man start the music again and latika 's hand flow elegantly around she head . dance teacher ( cont 'd ) lift you foot , you lump . stop , stop ! the stick be raise to hit she but jamal open the door . 100 int . brothel . night . 100 she can barely believe she eye . latika jamal ? the dance teacher turn . ( continued ) 64 . 100 continued : 100 dance teacher what the hell do you want ? he switch off the music . jamal come . Quick . but latika remain fix . dance teacher you silly little boy . get out now while you can . jamal come with we . latika run to jamal . but she freeze as she look at the doorway . maman , punnoose and the woman from downstairs stand there . the skin around punnoose 's eye bear the blister from the chloroform burn year ago . maman look who we have here , punnoose . hello again , jamal . salim . never forget a face . especially one that I own . punnoose shall I take they to the marsh ? maman whatever you like . have fun . just make sure that you dispose of they properly afterwards . no trace , thank you . he turn to jamal . maman ( cont 'd ) you really think you could just walk in and take my prize away ? have you any idea how much this little virgin be worth , bhen chod ? he finger latika 's hair . maman ( cont 'd ) get they out of here . punnoose and the muscle walk towards jamal . maman turn to the dance teacher as they grab he arm . maman ( cont 'd ) please continue , master - ji . the dance teacher put the music back on . ( continued ) 65 . 100 continued : ( 2 ) 100 salim no . suddenly , salim be hold a pistol . salim ( cont 'd ) leave he . get over there . punnoose and the muscle slowly release jamal and join maman . maman let 's not be foolish , salim . heavy , be not they ? salim straighten up he gun arm . salim money . maman you can have money . here . maman get out he wallet and throw all the money in it on the floor . maman ( cont 'd ) take it . go. disappear with you friend and we will forget all about this . okay ? salim collect up the money . salim maman never forget . be not that right ? maman oh , maman can make a exception . salim walk over to the music , turn it up . pick up a cushion from the bed and walk right up to maman . salim can not take that risk , maman . sorry . he wrap the cushion around the gun and pull the trigger . or try to . nothing happen . there be a freeze moment as they watch he fail to shoot . everybody watch with surreal interest as salim fumble with the pistol . eventually he look up , giggle stupidly . salim ( cont 'd ) Safety catch . shrug apologetically and shoot . nobody be more surprised than maman who crumple onto the floor . ( continued ) 66 . 100 continued : ( 3 ) 100 latika start desperately gather up the note on the floor , grab maman 's wallet . jamal just stand . salim ( cont 'd ) come on . they run out of the room and down the stair as maman die on the floor in front of he freeze colleague . 101 ext . chowpatty beach . dusk . 101 Children be splash in the sea , fly kite , digging sand , laugh . salim , latika and jamal be crouch on the shore watch the sun sink into the sea . latika be go through maman 's wallet , salim be finger the pistol , admiringly . jamal be stare out to sea . each in they own world , yet share swig from a bottle of johnny Walker . latika shit , there 's thousand here . salim we should be celebrate . jamal you just kill somebody . salim he be go to kill we . jamal where do you get the gun ? salim buy it . now , I be go to have to throw this beauty in the sea . latika you do not need to kill he . salim what ? typical . I save you life and you be on at I . all you ever do be mess we up . whenever you be around - jamal - shut up , can not you ? just shut up . silence . salim why can not you just be happy , huh ? ( continued ) 67 . 101 continued : 101 jamal happy ? salim you get what you want , do not you ? so , let 's celebrate . latika yeah . let 's celebrate . she take a long swig from the bottle . latika ( cont 'd ) while we can . she nudge jamal and hold the bottle out to he . smile at he . he smile back , shake the black dog from he head and take a long , long drink . latika and salim cheer . 101a ext . tulip STAR . night . 101a latika , salim and jamal bend back a bit of the wire mesh fence that protect the desert hotel . crawl in . 102 int . tulip STAR . lobby . night . 102 a very wobbly latika , salim and jamal walk up the freeze escalator of the empty hotel , light only by security light . kick through the odd pile of rubbish and stack - up chair . go to the dusty reception desk . jamal service ! salim reception ! jamal we want a room , boy . executive class with smoking . third floor with balcony . latika sea-face , yaar . salim have the bag bring up . and they scoot off , giggle into the dark . 102a int . tulip STAR . kitchen . night . 102a jamal and latika wander the vast , empty kitchen . jamal search the empty chiller and cabinet . then , realise that he be alone . ( continued ) 68 . 102a continued : 102a jamal latika ? salim ? where be they ? suddenly , latika room service ! she come shoot out of the darkness across the kitchen floor riding a trolley with salim push she at top speed . jamal have to skid out of the way . he grab another trolley and glide off in pursuit . 102b int . tulip STAR . corridor . night . 102b the three stand by a mirror and play with they reflection . 102c int . tulip STAR . HOTEL lobby . later . 102c on top of the metal preparation counter , salim and jamal be fencing : jamal with a fish slice and salim with a large spoon . 103 int . HOTEL room . night . 103 a empty , dusty hotel suite . jamal be on the phone . jamal 307 here . I want a bottle of johnny Walker Red label , beer , wine - latika - chicken . jamal ah! Chicken .... jamal close he eye at the wonderful think . jamal ( cont 'd ) what kind of chicken ? latika ( also dream ) tikka masala . with roti- salim naan , chutney , dal - latika - aloo gobi , rice - she stop . Change of mind . ( continued ) 69 . 103 continued : 103 latika ( cont 'd ) pop tart ! jamal hold the line , chutiye . pop tart ? latika on the tv . the commercial . everybody 's happy when they have pop tart . jamal exactly ! a bucket of pop tart , chutiye . jamal slam down the phone . 104 int . HOTEL room . later . 104 latika be clearly in the shower . jamal wander in carry a old pair of lunghi . shout through the door . jamal found some lunghi ! latika v/o stay there . look away . the shower stop . jamal atcha , atcha . latika v/o I will know if you be look .... jamal I be not ! with a towel around she , latika come to the doorway where jamal be hold out a the lunghi with he eye tight shut . jamal ( cont 'd ) where 's salim ? latika dunno . she watch this innocent a second with true fondness . latika ( cont 'd ) you be a sweet boy , jamal . ( continued ) 70 . 104 continued : 104 she take the lunghi from he outstretch hand and disappear into the bathroom , slamm the door with a giggle . 105 ext . mumbai slum STREET . night . 105 salim wander the crowded street of a slum . he stop uncertainly at a doorway where a group of man be lolling , smoking . pluck up he courage . salim I be look for jave -bhai . man ja , mada chod . he 's not look for you . ja ! salim I need to see he . the group of man stir , irritate now . salim begin to back away , then stop . pull the gun from behind he back . salim ( cont 'd ) I kill maman . I will kill you too . easy . the group be freeze . jave you kill he ? jave be stand in the doorway . jave ( cont 'd ) my enemy 's enemy be my friend , no ? so , come in , friend . 106 int . HOTEL room . later . 106 jamal and latika lie on the bed , drunk , though still coherent . latika be dress in the Bell - Boy 's jacket and the old lunghi . latika maman 's gang will hunt we . you know that ? jamal I do not care . latika I neither . they burst into stupid laughter . the laughter subside . ( continued ) 71 . 106 continued : 106 jamal that dance you be do . in pila Street . show I . latika roll over and switch off the light . roll back . in the half light , she hand begin to move for jamal , the elegant , allure hand movement of the bar - girl dancer . jamal stare , mesmerise . latika you come back for I . jamal of course . latika I think you would forget . amir I never forget . not for one day . I know I would find you in the end . it 's we destiny . latika destiny . yes . latika stop she hand . they stare at each other , they face inch away from each other . latika stroke jamal 's face . latika ( cont 'd ) thank you . and face to face , they slowly fall asleep . 107 int . HOTEL room . later . 107 salim hey . jamal open he eye . salim be stand over they , sway with alcohol . jamal salim ? he put he hand out to latika . salim come . jamal no. salim .... bhai , you have have a lot to drink ... jamal try to get up , but salim 's hand be round he throat and push he down on the bed . ( continued ) 72 . 107 continued : 107 salim I be the elder . and I be the boss . for once , you do as I say . jamal no . salim pull latika to she foot . salim I save you bloody life , do not I ? latika salim , please - salim - chup , sali . as he turn , pull a protest latika , jamal leap on he . the two brother go down fight , but of course it be salim who come up on top . latika launch herself at salim , but he smashes she away , almost delighted that she have join in . he drag jamal to the door , laugh . 108 int . HOTEL corridor . night . 108 salim throw he out into the corridor , slam the door . salim I be number one now ! jamal salim , no , no ....! salim get yourself a room , bhai . salim slam the door . jamal get up , bang on the door , keep on bang until the door open and salim stand there with the pistol point straight at jamal 's head . salim ( cont 'd ) the man with the colt 45 say chup . he shove jamal hard down the corridor , the gun point at he all the while . jamal salim ... salim nod towards the fire escape door . ( continued ) 73 . 108 continued : 108 salim now go . or gunmaster G - 9 will shoot you right between the eye . boom . do not think he will not . you have five second . one , two , three , four - salim cock the pistol . jamal screw up he eye for the inevitable . but salim shove he out with a roar and slam the door . jamal bang on the door . jamal o/s salim ... salim walk slowly back down the corridor as jamal bang and bang on the door . down the hall , salim 's door shut . 109 int . inspector' office . day . 109 the Inspector be stare hard at jamal . srinivas be desperately try to get he attention . constable srinivas Sir , sir ! inspector ( eventually ) enlighten we constable . constable srinivas accessory to murder , sir. the Inspector put he hand in the air , palm up . simple . inspector only the finest mind in the Mumbai Police Force . untrouble by irony , srinivas look extremely pleased . inspector ( cont 'd ) go check the file , constable . srinivas go out . inspector ( cont 'd ) you puzzle I , slumdog . admit murder to avoid a charge of fraud be not exactly clever think . now , why would you do that ? jamal shrug . ( continued ) 74 . 109 continued : 109 jamal when somebody ask I a question , I tell they the answer . 110 ext . tulip STAR . morning . 110 at the gate , a Security Guard be sit in he chair . jamal where be they ? the Guard grunt . jamal ( cont 'd ) where do they go ? a more impatient grunt from the Guard . he stand up , walk towards jamal . jamal ( cont 'd ) please , sir. which way ? security guard I do not know and I do not care . the Guard raise he stick and give he a roar . jamal back away onto the street . the Guard slam the gate shut . jamal look despairingly up and down the street at the teeming traffic , the crowd . prem v/o ready for another question . jamal v/o yes . I be ready . 111 omitted 111 112 int . studio . night . 112 we be back in the Studio . prem for two and a half million rupee . lady and gentlemen . Cambridge Circus be in which UK City . be it a ) Oxford , B ) Leeds , C ) Cambridge , D ) London . jamal smile . prem ( cont 'd ) he 's smile . why do that worry I ? 75 . 113 ext . mumbai . day . 113 leaden sky . torrential rain be hammer on the tin roof of the slum . 114 int . shack . day . 114 eighteen year - old jamal 's eye open . now with the beginning of a beard and moustache , jamal wake in a tiny shack just big enough for a mattress on the floor . he pull on a shirt , lift the mattress and take out he trousers which have be press there all night , put they over he shoulder , pick up he shoe and go down a ladder . 115 int . shack . day . 115 he descend into a room and two foot of water that be eddy around the ground floor of the shack . wade out of the door into the narrow lane of the slum . 116 ext . slum . day . 116 jamal nod hello to a number of neighbour , also bare - legge , also with they shoe in hand . together , they wade to higher ground , put on they trousers and shoe and trudge up to the main road . 117 int . call centre . night . 117 ultra-modern , glass - window office . the word cultural Studies be write on the white board . jamal walk in with a tray of glass of chi . he put a glass down on the young , hip , teacher 's desk and head out again . teacher okay , guy , it 's be a big week in UK . kat be back . he hold up a copy of Radio Times show kat from East ender smile at they . a collective groan from the trainees . bardi she 's already back . teacher bardi ... jamal ? jamal oh. well . she do come back , then she go away when alfie split up with she and now she 's back again . ( more ) ( continued ) 76 . 117 continued : 117 jamal ( cont 'd ) but it look as if alfie still fancy Mo after all , so - teacher - thank you , jamal . keep up , bardi . the chi-wallah know more than you . bardi glare at jamal . jamal shrug apologetically and go out . teacher ( cont 'd ) okay , it 's be super - duper hot for UK this week , so there will be a lot of chat about that - they love they weather - and there 's the festival in Edinburgh - Edinburgh ? he point at a young woman trainee . nasreen Scotland . kilt , castle , err , haggis ? porridge , the highlands , mountain . ben- Ben Nevis ? the teacher point at another trainee . trainee 2 detective taggart . Whisky , Sean connery ! teacher and loch . they word for lake . good . it 's also double bonus time for a upgrade to the vfriend and family ' package this week , so remember to push for a upgrade ... everyone ... every call ! jamal walk out , turn a corner . 118 int . call centre . UK floor . night . 118 we be confront with a room you could swing a boe in . row and row of Operators in tiny booth stretch into the distance . on the wall be picture of London , tony Blair , red telephone box , the Yorkshire dale , the highlands - a snapshot of tourist Britain . huge poster of soap star and celebrity adorn the rest of the wall . slogan hang from the ceiling . " when the sun come up , you would better be run " , " you snooze , you lose " , " upgrade for a better , faster life . " " every call be a new opportunity " . ( continued ) 77 . 118 continued : 118 each section of the room have a banner with a british city 's name on it and various mock sign - post for the different aisle . a manager under the banner " Bradford " , be stand over a Operator , listen in on a call . the manager lean over and press a key . manager if they want a upgrade , a new tariff or we be steal they from the other network , you take the call . anything else - he mime cut he throat . manager ( cont 'd ) no time - waster on team Bradford , kid . leave that to the homosexual on tunbridge Wells . jamal stop by he . the manager take a glass of tea from jamal . manager ( cont 'd ) where have you be ? Dave on cornmarket 's virtually lose he voice , there 's two on ilkley moor who have have they hand up for hour . come on , move it ! jamal hurry down the aisle signposted " cornmarket " , get to a male trainee and hand he a tea . Dave glance around to check nobody 's look and slip off he head - set . dave two minute , jamal . I be on " millionaire " duty . jamal rajneesh ... dave it 's my turn , jamal . I have have my pee break . please . if he come just keep you head down and pretend you be do a upgrade on the - jamal - vfriend and family ' . I know . jamal still look unwilling . jamal ( cont 'd ) two minute . ( continued ) 78 . 118 continued : ( 2 ) 118 Dave head off towards a Rest and recreation room , where a big plasma screen on the wall be show " who want to be a millionaire . " jamal grab the jacket from the back of Dave 's chair , put the head - set on and hunch over the booth , just another operative at work . we become aware that every operator down the cornmarket aisle - and quite a few other aisle besides - be stare in the direction of the Rest and recreation room . 119 int . rest and recreation room . night . 119 Dave be watch the screen . prem ... if you want a chance to be a contestant on who want to be a millionaire , dial the number now . Dave dive for the doorway and wave . 120 int . call centre . UK floor . night . 120 suddenly all the operator be dialling . almost simultaneously , twenty or so voice say . operator I would like to be a contestant on who want to be a millionaire . most of the Operators - include the man next to jamal - suddenly lose they tension . operator bloody bastard . I never get it . jamal you have to dial when prem say " if " . " if you want the chance to be a contestant on who want to be a millionaire ... " that 's when they open the line . the Operator look at he . jamal shrug . jamal ( cont 'd ) that 's what anjum in technical say . he put the system in . operator so why do not you ? woman v/o hello ? hello ? have I be transfer again , for God 's sake ? ( continued ) 79 . 120 continued : 120 jamal freeze with fear . the head - set speak again with its broad Scottish accent . woman v/o ( cont 'd ) hello ? Jesus , God , will somebody talk to I ? jamal hello , Mrs ... he stare at the computer . jamal ( cont 'd ) ... mackintosh from King gussie . woman v/o ( weary ) it 's kingussie , love . pronounce kinoosie . jamal kinoosie ? woman v/o so where be you from ? abroad , I bet . China or somewhere . what good be - jamal - just down the road from you house , Mrs mackintosh . next to the loch . woman v/o ( suspicious ) oh aye ? which loch ? jamal search desperately around , spot a picture of Big Ben . jamal Loch Big - Loch Ben . next door to detective taggart 's flat . woman v/o Loch Ben ? och , no , hen , that 's one of the wee one up in the highlands . you be all the way up there ? but I bet it rain , eh , hen ? jamal indeed yes , Mrs mackintosh . I have to wade through a metre of water every morning . woman v/o no ! ( continued ) 80 . 120 continued : ( 2 ) 120 jamal yes , yes , Mrs mackintosh . in my kilt . woman v/o och , no , hen . jamal put he foot on the desk . jamal it 's alright once I have have my porridge , my haggis and a few scotch whisky - and the monsoon 's nearly over , so - woman v/o - and what monsoon would that be ? I would like to speak to you supervisor , son . jamal I do not think that 's a good idea . he be a very important man , Mrs mackintosh - woman v/o - get I the supervisor on this line now - jamal - and he do not like bloody time waster . jamal panic , press the button he see the manager press earlier . the screen go blank , then reboot itself . jamal look around . where the hell be Dave ? on the screen , jamal be face with the question : " what name do you require ? " he look around again , and then with one finger type in the word " latika " . he press enter . hundre upon hundred of latikas with they surname and phone number scroll down the page . he erase she name and enter the name salim K. malik . press enter . Fifteen number come up . he stare at the number for a long time , then type it into he computer and press dial . man v/o yeah ? jamal salim ? man v/o who want to know ? do you know what bloody time it be ? clearly not jamal 's brother . jamal cut the line . dial the next number . ( continued ) 81 . 120 continued : ( 3 ) 120 man v/o ( cont 'd ) huh. hello ? clearly not he salim . he cut the line . dial again . salim v/o hello ? hello ? who be this ? but jamal can not speak . salim v/o ( cont 'd ) hey . be someone screwing with I ? silence . salim v/o ( cont 'd ) who be this ? jamal I be call from xl 5 Communications Sir . as a value customer , we be offer you a free upgrade with we vfriend and - jamal 's voice peter out . jamal ( cont 'd ) family . salim v/o jamal ? be that you ? brother ? where be you , man ?... I think you be dead or something ... we have to go , jamal . maman 's guy . they be search the hotel ... jamal , say something . please . there be another long silence . jamal hello , salim . 121 int . studio . night . 121 prem ever be to Cambridge ? jamal no . prem ever be to the circus ? ( continued ) 82 . 121 continued : 121 jamal no. and I have never be to UK before . but I will still have a go . gasp and laughter from the audience . jamal laugh and shrug . jamal ( cont 'd ) why not ? prem grip he heart theatrically . prem can someone call I a ambulance ? 122 int . call centre . night . 122 a flash of a sign post read ` Oxford Circus ' , point down one of the aisle . the banner above that section of the warehouse read ` London ' . CUT to : jamal hurry down another ` king parade ' carry glass of tea . he glance up to see a large banner that say ` Cambridge ' . CUT to : jamal come back up a aisle name ` Broad Street ' . a Operator on the adjacent ` the High ' click he finger for another cup . jamal hurry under the sign mark ` Oxford ' . CUT to : the signpost of the aisle come faster and faster ` pembroke Street ' , ` trafalgar Square ' , ` East India dock ' and finally ` Cambridge Circus ' . prem v/o so , jamal .... 123 int . studio . night . 123 jamal be sweat , he face scrunch up in think . jamal I can not remember . prem you can not remember . do that mean you do know ? once ? ( continued ) 83 . 123 continued : 123 jamal I do not think it 's Oxford . prem base on you extensive travel , right ? jamal ( almost to himself ) well , Oxford have Broad Street , Saint aldate , turl Street , Queen Street , the High and magdalene Bridge - which be pronounce maudlin , so - he stop as he hear the surprised laughter of the audience . prem I think you have not be to UK . jamal oh , I have not . and it 's not Leeds , because that 's elland Road , kirkgate market , commercial Street , St Peter 's - prem ( icy ) - what might it be then , jamal ? jamal well , I do not think it 's Cambridge . prem Cambridge Circus be not in Cambridge ? dare I ask why ? jamal too obvious . there 's definitely a Oxford Circus in London , and there 's a row race between Oxford and Cambridge so there 's probably a Cambridge Circus too . I will go for D ) London . prem that 's the logic that 's get he this far , lady and gentlemen . who be we to argue ? so. jamal . D. apka final jawab ? jamal ( shrug ) if the god be with I ... final answer . D. ( continued ) 84 . 123 continued : ( 2 ) 123 the light dim , the music swell as prem push the button on he computer . prem Computer - ji , D lock kiya-jaye . more portentous music . prem ( cont 'd ) it 's be a rollercoaster ride all the way , a pleasure to have you on the show , my friend , but I be sorry to say that you be .... incredibly , absolutely right ! huge cheer and applause . even jamal laugh at this . he can not quite believe it himself . prem ( cont 'd ) lady and gentlemen , jamal malik , the man with two and a half million rupee ! more applause . prem hand he a cheque . jamal look at it . laugh again . prem ( cont 'd ) a few hour ago , you be fetching tea for the phone - wallah . now you be richer than they ever will ever be . what a player , lady and gentleman ! what a player . the light dim , the music swell . prem consult he computer . prem ( cont 'd ) for five million rupee , my friend : who invent the revolver ? be it a ) Samuel colt , B ) Bruce brown , C Dan wesson or D ) James revolver ? Dramatic pause . 124 int . HOTEL . night . 124 a flash of salim shoot maman . another flash of salim in the doorway , hold the pistol up to jamal 's head . 125 int . studio . night . 125 jamal ( suddenly ) a ) . Samuel colt. ( continued ) 85 . 125 continued : 125 prem a ) . Samuel colt . be you sure ? jamal nod . prem ( cont 'd ) final answer ? jamal final answer . the music swell again . prem press he computer . prem you have two and a half million rupee . if I may -? he hold out he hand . jamal hand he back the cheque . he tear the cheque in two . prem ( cont 'd ) lady and gentlemen , the chi - wallah have do it again ! D. be right ! incredible ! cheer and applause from the audience . 125a int . inspector' office . night . 125a inspector not that incredible . you would just murder somebody with a colt 45 , after all . jamal it be self - defence . inspector let 's call it manslaughter , then , shall we ? 126 int . studio . night . 126 prem get hot in here , be not it ? jamal ( genuinely ) be you nervous ? the audience laugh . prem be momentarily flustered . prem what ? be I nervous ? you be the one who 's in the hot seat , my friend . ( continued ) 86 . 126 continued : 126 jamal oh. yes. sorry . more laughter . 127 int . gallery . night . 127 director bloody hell . he 's get prem on the run ... 128 int . studio . night . 128 Music , light . prem press he computer . prem what sport do you play ? jamal none . prem none . oh , dear , oh dear , oh dear . not to worry , there 's only ten million rupee at stake ... which cricketer have score the most first class century in history . be it a ) sachin tendulkar , B ) ricky pont , C ) Michael slater , D ) Jack hobb . prem allow the question to sink in . prem ( cont 'd ) you have get a cheque for five million rupee in you hand . you have still get two life -line , phone a friend and 50/50 . for ten million rupee : pay , play , or bail out . it 's still a option . remember , if you get the answer wrong , you will lose everything like that . he click he finger . prem ( cont 'd ) be you sure you want to do this ? 129 ext . cricket ground . day . 129 a indian batsman hit a nicely - time stroke , head down the wicket for a single . turn . the other batsman be take a second run . ( continued ) 87 . 129 continued : 129 the indian try to halt the other batsman with a shout , then succumb to the inevitable and charge down the wicket . a fielder hurl the ball at the stump . the bail fly off . 130 int . studio . night . 130 jamal I will play . tense laughter from the audience . prem hold up the cheque . jamal nod . prem tear it up slowly . allow the piece to fall to the floor . prem the dream of so many . on the floor . 131 ext . tower block . day . 131 jamal be riding the construction lift to the top of a high building , still just a shell but buzzing with carpenter , bricklayer , cable-layer . the lift stop at the top . jamal get out . look around . he be mile up . alone . salim jamal ! jamal look around . there be salim stand on the edge of the building . he saunter over to jamal , he arm outstretch in theatrical greeting . he be groom , expensively dress with the best mobile money can buy dangle from a gold chain around he neck . salim ( cont 'd ) God be good , bhai . God be good . he try to embrace jamal . with as much force as he can muster , jamal punch he in the face . salim take it . stands there . wipe blood from he lip . get another punch . then another and another , not even defend himself , until he be be beat back by a raging jamal towards the edge of the building . finally , he try to reason with jamal salim ( cont 'd ) maman 's boy be after we . have to skip . jamal keep on beat he back . jamal liar . ( continued ) 88 . 131 continued : 131 salim Left a message at reception . wait week for you in nagpur . jamal there be no message at reception . salim bhai , I leave a message . salim open he arm , defenceless . it would take one , small push to send he over the edge . there be a moment , when jamal might . he even have he hand on he chest . jamal I will never forgive you . salim I know . the fury in jamal subside minutely . finally , he turn away with a roar of frustration . salim hang he head . 131a ext . tower block . later . 131a jamal and salim be sit on the very edge of the building . they can see for mile across the city . salim have rediscover he attitude . salim can you believe it ? this be we slum . we live just there , huh ? now it be business , apartment , call centre ... fuck USA , fuck China . India be at the centre of the world , now , bhai . and I be at the centre of the centre , jamal . this be all jave - bhai 's . jamal jave mehta ? the gangster from we slum ? you work for he ? salim who else would protect we from maman 's gang , huh ? jamal what do you do for he ? salim anything he ask . salim 's mobile ring . salim be immediately subservient on the phone . ring off . ( continued ) 89 . 131a continued : 131a salim ( cont 'd ) he be come . you must go . my card . he hand jamal a card . jamal what for ? salim you think I be go to let you out of my sight again , little brother ? you stay with I now . ab phut ! jamal salim , where 's latika ? salim still ? she 's go , jamal . Long go . now go . Quick . jamal get up , hurry away , hide behind pile of building material just as jave appear in he flash suit and jewelry . Three of he young henchmen walk alongside . 132 int . salim' apartment . night . 132 jamal be asleep on a mattress on the floor of a smart apartment . a mobile phone ring . the muffle sound of salim talk quietly next door . then , salim creep into the room , check to see jamal be asleep , unlock a desk drawer and bring out he pistol . he put it in a hold - all and go out the front door . jamal 's eye snap open . he have see it all . jamal v/o slum dog never sleep , only nap . he would disappear for a couple of day and come back change . sometimes elate - 133 int . salim' apartment . night . 133 the door bang open and a giggle - drunk , half - naked bar girl drag the sleep jamal up and into the bathroom . bar girl he have flip ! I can not do anything with he .... salim be in the bath , bathing , literally , in money . ( continued ) 90 . 133 continued : 133 salim look at it , bhai , look at it ! 134 int . salim' apartment . dawn . 134 jamal v/o sometimes the opposite . jamal creep towards salim 's bedroom door . he push it open a fraction to see salim crouch on the floor in prayer , sobbing quietly . salim ( whisper ) aé khuda mujhé baksh dé mainé bahut gunaah kiyé hain .... jamal v/o but young brother do not interfere . mostly . 135 ext . salim' apartment . day . 135 salim come out of he apartment block . get into he jeep . drive off . do not notice jamal in the motor rickshaw that pull out and follow he . 136 ext . javed' bungalow . day . 136 salim approach a gate-house to a large bungalow . the door - keeper nod to he , ring a bell . from the rickshaw , jamal watch a woman come to the door . latika . eighteen , completely beautiful and rich . she hand salim a package and go back inside . salim get in he jeep and drive away . 137 ext . javed' bungalow . day . 137 jamal approach the door - keeper 's gate-house . jamal Baba , I be the new cook from the agency . a thousand apology , I be late for the memsaab . the door - keeper grunt and go inside . after a brief pause , he return . door-keeper she do not know anything about any cook . there 's suppose to be a dishwasher be deliver . know anything about that ? ( continued ) 91 . 137 continued : 137 jamal Baba , I be you dishwasher ! the door-keeper grunt at this attempt at humour . latika appear at the gate . latika have not I tell you , do not interrupt when I be watch - she look at jamal . be silence briefly . latika ( cont 'd ) - come inside . I will show you the kitchen . 138 int . kitchen . day . 138 latika and jamal go into the kitchen . who want to be a millionaire play on the tv in the background . she turn and hug he tight . they laugh with happiness . latika ( delighted ) jamal , jamal , look at you ...! they head be close , they might kiss . then latika turn away , stare out of the window . latika ( cont 'd ) aré wa , jamal .... jamal smile hopefully at she . but there be sadness in she now . she take she sunglass off , rub she eye . there be a bruise there . jamal you have hurt you eye . latika why be you here ? jamal to see you . latika well . you see I . she stand there , challenging . on the tv , somebody be win money . jamal why do everyone love this programme ? ( continued ) 92 . 138 continued : 138 latika it 's the chance to escape , be not it ? walk into another life . do not everyone want that ? jamal you have another life . a rich one . latika who would have think it possible ? a slum dog , with all this . jamal be you happy ? latika I have five star food , five star clothes . I sleep in a bed , not on the street . from where we come from , jamal , that be happiness . jamal you do not look so happy with a black eye . latika you turn up here out of nowhere , tell I I be not happy : how dare you ? voice at the gate-house . latika ( cont 'd ) God , jave will kill you . here . jamal jave ? you be with he ? she throw he a apron . he get it on just in time for jave to walk in . jamal turn away . jave first you want a dishwasher , now a bloody cook - latika - I just think - jave - chup . the cricket 's on . jave change channel and dial on he mobile . jave ( cont 'd ) why do you always watch that shit ? huh ? I be already a millionaire . ( continued ) 93 . 138 continued : ( 2 ) 138 he laugh at he own joke . turn to jamal . jave ( cont 'd ) well , come on then , cook . I be hungry . get I a sandwich . jamal immediately , sir. jave stare at jamal a moment , try to place a face he vaguely recognise . then the bookie come on the line and he turn back to the television . jave atcha ... latika hurry around the kitchen get out bread and condiment , whisper while jave talk on the phone . jamal come away with I . latika chutiyé . away where ? and live on what ? what can you provide ? what have you get , jamal ? jamal Love . jave ( on the mobile ) .. yeah . he 's on eighty - five . I want four lakh on he make a century . what be you give ?... okay , make it five lakh . jave pour himself a glass of whisky , never take he eye from the television . tv commentator we be watch history unfold today at the wankhedé Stadium as sachin tendulkar carve he way towards another magnificent century and the record book . his thirty - eighth century - the most by any indian cricketer ever ... latika Love . that will feed we , will it ? jamal it will not buy you a new dishwasher , but it might make you happy . ( continued ) 94 . 138 continued : ( 3 ) 138 latika where have you be ? get in the real world , jamal . jamal you and I . that be the real world . come away with I . latika snatch the sandwich from he and give it to jave . go back to jamal , whisper under cover of put condiment away . latika you be crazy . jamal salim will help we . latika salim ? you still believe in salim ? jamal ... I will be go soon , anyway . bombay 's get too dangerous for - she indicate jave . jamal where ? latika you think he would tell I ? jave straight bat , straight bat , dammit . then the batsman at the other end call to take a second run . jave ( cont 'd ) no ! a single ! tendulkar seem to agree , try to halt the other batsman with a shout , then succumb to the inevitable and charge down the wicket . a fielder hurl the ball at the stump . the bail fly off . jave ( cont 'd ) no , no , no ! stupid ben chod idiot ... he fling he glass of whisky at the television . suddenly taste what he have be eat . jave ( cont 'd ) and what be this shit suppose to be , mader chod ? get out . get out ! ( continued ) 95 . 138 continued : ( 4 ) 138 jave throw the sandwich at he and slam out of the room . his footstep can be hear stomping into another room . latika now go , before he kill we both . she lead jamal to the door . jave latika , where 's my bloody shirt ? the armani . latika shout over she shoulder . latika come ! back to jamal . latika ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) you want to do something for I ? jamal anything . latika then forget I . jamal I will wait at vt station . five o'clock every day until you come . she shake she head . jamal ( cont 'd ) I love you . latika so what , jamal ? so what ? ( loudly ) now , get out and tell you no - good agency not to send anybody else until they have learn to cook . you hear ? she slam the door . hurries back into the kitchen , throw jave 's plate into the sink . the door-keeper come in . door -keeper madam , you dishwasher have arrive . lean over the sink , latika weep silently . 96 . 139 int . salim' apartment . night . 139 salim have he hand around jamal 's throat . salim why can not you let it alone ? you want money , I will give you money . Girls ? I can get you girl . jamal you know what I want . salim you be like some crazy man - you be obsessed . jamal she be my destiny , salim . salim know what you destiny be , crazy boy ? a bullet between the eye . and after that , he will kill she . be that what you want ? huh ? jamal I , I do not care . latika ? she 's already half dead . salim take he hand away from jamal 's neck . salim yes . about that , you be right . jamal you sell she . salim ( fierce ) I do not sell she . jave want she . he get what he want . he turn away bitterly . salim ( cont 'd ) she 's do alright . get it into you thick head , jamal . she 's not yours and she never will be . 140 int . studio . night . 140 prem time for a commercial break , lady and gentlemen . I know , I know , I can not stand the tension either . do not even think about leave you seat . we will be back . ( continued ) 97 . 140 continued : 140 the light flick back on . prem slump back in he chair . prem ( cont 'd ) you have get the luck of the devil , yaar , I will give you that . jamal I - I need to - prem oh , the toilet . sure . naveed , jamal want the bog . the floor manager and a Security Guard usher jamal off - stage . prem look up at the gallery , raise he eye at the director . some show . then he gather himself and head off-stage . 141 int . chhatrapati shivaji terminus . day . 141 the clock read five oh three . jamal stand on the footbridge . humanity wash around he . his eye dart around , frighten to miss she . check the clock again . six . the platform be almost desert . he wander away . 142 int . corridor . night . 142 prem wander down the corridor follow by a Security Guard . another Security Guard be wait at the entrance to the toilet . prem go in , leave the two Guards in the corridor . 143 int . chhatrapati shivaji terminus . day . 143 jamal stand on the footbridge gaze down at the horde of commuter . five o'clock , five fifteen , five thirty . six . jamal rest he head against the railing . 144 int . toilet . night . 144 jamal be in one of the cubicle . prem go to the urinal . unzip . prem a guy from the slum become a millionaire overnight . you know the only other person who 's do that ? me. I know what it 's like . I know what you have be through . jamal o/s I be not go to become a milionaire . I do not know the answer . ( continued ) 98 . 144 continued : 144 prem ( laugh ) you have say that before , yaar . prem finish pissing . go over to the washbasin , run the tap and wash he hand . jamal o/s no , I really do not . prem what ? you can not take the money and run now . you be on the edge of history , kid ! jamal o/s I do not see what else I can do . prem maybe it be write , my friend . you be go to win this . trust I , you be go to win . prem leave . jamal flush and come out of the cubicle . go to the washbasin . in the mist on the mirror above the tap be write the letter " B " . jamal stare at it . gradually it fade , leave only the grow fury on he face stare back at he . 145 int . studio . night . 145 jamal stalk back onto the set . sit down in he chair . stare at prem who look unconcernedly back . talkback v/o twenty second . 145a int . chhatrapati shivaji terminus . day . 145a the digital clock show five fifteen . shove the descend river of people out of he way , the seventeen year - old jamal be forging a path up step that cross the platform . he push to the middle of the footbridge and lean out on the side railing . he scan the sea of people , desperately . then he see she : the eighteen year - old latika , heart - stoppingly beautiful , over the other side of the station . a world away . she be scan the crowd , as wire as he be . jamal latika ! latika ! but though he be scream she name , he voice be swallow by the noise around he . then he see two thuggish - look man also fight a way towards she . ( continued ) 99 . 145a continued : 145a jamal ( cont 'd ) latika ! frightened now , he fight he way down the step , one figure against a army of white - robe people . he get to the bottom of the step , be make progress against the tide . but so be the two man . jamal be now on the same platform . shout she name again . she turn with a smile . but the two thug leap through a train onto she platform . she see they , start run , be lose in the crowd . jamal run off along the platform after latika . jamal ( cont 'd ) latika ! latika ! by the time jamal have fight himself to where latika be - she be go . he whirl around , mad with frustration . jamal ( cont 'd ) latika ! latika ! 146 omitted 146 147 ext . chhatrapati shivaji terminus . day . 147 latika be jump the track , crossing in front of train . but the thug be gain on she . he bring she down and drag she across to jave 's wait mercede . salim be stand by the car . jamal push through the crowd just in time to see salim bundle she into the car . jamal salim ! salim spit disgustedly on the ground . get in . latika twist she head to see jamal as the car skid off . jamal scream with hopeless fury . 148 int . studio . night . 148 talkback v/o Fifteen second . jamal and prem stare at each other . prem smile . prem do the right thing and in approximately three minute you will be as famous as I . talkback v/o ten second . ( continued ) 100 . 148 continued : 148 prem and as rich as I . talkback v/o five second . prem almost . talkback v/o four , three ... prem from rag to raja . it 's you destiny . talkback v/o ... we be on . applause from the audience . prem welcome back to who want to be a millionaire ? in the chair tonight be jamal malik - as if we do not know ! in a amazing run , jamal have already five million rupee but , not content with that , have choose to gamble for one crore - that 's ten million million rupee . what a player ! the question one more time : which cricketer have score the most first class century in history . be it a ) sachin tendulkar , B ) ricky pont , C ) Michael slater , D ) Jack hobb . jamal I know it be not sachin tendulkar . prem that 's a start . so , it could be ricky pont , Jack hobb or Michael slater . jamal I will use a life-line . fifty - fifty . prem okay . Computer , take away two wrong answer . Music swell , light dim . ( continued ) 101 . 148 continued : ( 2 ) 148 prem ( cont 'd ) well , you be right about sachin tendulkar . the computer have take away a ) sachin tendulkar and C ) Michael slater . that leave you a fifty - fifty choice , jamal . B ) ricky pont or D ) Jack hobb . what do you think ? decision time . for half a million rupee . you answer : B ) ricky pont or D ) Jack hobb . a hideous , never -end pause while jamal stare into prem 's eye . jamal D. a barely perceptible jump from prem . prem you sure ? not B ) ricky pont ? the Australian ? great cricketer . jamal D. Jack hobb . prem do you know ? jamal shake he head . prem ( cont 'd ) so it could be B , ricky pont ? jamal or D. Jack hobb . prem final answer ? jamal final answer . D. a just - perceptible narrowing of the eye . prem Computer - ji D lock kiya-jaye . prem turn to the computer . Music . light . prem ( cont 'd ) with one hundred and ninety - seven first class century , the answer be ... D. Jack hobb ! the audience go wild . prem 's smile be thin . ( continued ) 102 . 148 continued : ( 3 ) 148 prem ( cont 'd ) jamal malik , crorepati ! the camera go off prem for a second . he mime a disgust spit . then he be back on . prem ( cont 'd ) I can not believe what I be see here , tonight , lady and gentlemen .... so , be you ready for the final question for two crore rupee - twenty million rupee ? jamal not really , but ... maybe it be write , no ? prem maybe , indeed . okay , okay . for twenty million rupee , the final question on who want to be a millionaire ? the light dim again , the portentous music increase . suddenly a klaxon sound . the audience burst into nervous laughter and groan . prem laugh . prem ( cont 'd ) ohhhhh ! just when I think I would need a pacemaker fitte , we be out of time ! what a show , lady and gentlemen , what a show . join we tomorrow night to see if jamal malik have make the biggest mistake of he life or have just win the biggest prize in the history of indian television .... same place , same time . you would not dare miss it . goodnight ! applause . the studio light come up . prem switch off he smile as fast as the camera switch off . get up and pull out he mobile . 149 ext . javed' bungalow . day . 149 waving a kitchen knife in on hand , a desperate jamal slam through the gate of jave 's bungalow , the object doorkeeper run along behind . he bang open the front door . jamal latika ! 103 . 150 int . javed' bungalow . day . 150 stop dead . the place have be stripped of everything . not a single thing remain . jamal run into another room . as empty as the first . he stop in he track . door-keeper told you . jamal where ? where be she ? door-keeper dunno . he grab the door-keeper by the shirt - collar , slam he up against the wall . hold the knife against he throat . jamal where ? door-keeper I do not know ! would not say , would they ? they have to get out fast . the police . honestly . jamal let go of the door-keeper . go hopelessly to the window . on the window sill be a phone . he pick it up . there be a dial tone . jamal rummages in he trouser pocket . get out the batter card with salim 's detail on . dial . salim pick up . jamal where be you ? where be she ? 150a int . javed' safe house . salim' room . day . 150a salim be stalking around he room in jave 's new house . hold -all of clothes and possession lie around the room . a chest of drawer sit with its drawer open , still empty . salim where you will never find she . or I . you could have join we , you bloody idiot , be one of we . you have lose everything now . everything . cut the call off and sling the phone in a drawer . take the gun from he waist , and throw that in too . slam the drawer shut with as much force as he can . 104 . 150b int . javed' bungalow . day . 150 B jamal salim ...! the line go dead . jamal slide to the floor ... 151 int . salim' apartment . night . 151 ... the camera pull out from jamal 's face revealing that jamal be sit on the floor of salim 's apartment . in the background can be hear the sound of the television . jamal look at the knife in he hand , wonder what he might do with it . the sound of prem 's voice on the tv . prem o/s ... if you want a chance to play who want to be a millionaire , call now ...! jamal look up . stare at the tv . 152 int . studio . backstage . night . 152 prem this way , jamal , this way . great show , my friend . see you tomorrow , huh ? in the half - light , prem guide he to a stage door . 153 ext . studio . backstage . night . 153 jamal step outside the backstage door . leans on the rail and take a huge breath . immediately , a blanket be throw over he head and two police man bundle he into the back of a police van . the director join prem at the back -stage door as the van pull away , siren scream . director what 's go on ? prem he 's a cheat . director this be you ? you call they ? prem shrug . director ( cont 'd ) how d' you know he 's cheating ? ( continued ) 105 . 153 continued : 153 prem oh , come on ! of course he be . he 's a bloody village boy . even when I feed he the wrong answer the little shit get it right . director stare at he . director you give he a answer ? prem well , I do not exactly - the director walk away shaking he head . in the doorway , nita be stand there , watch . prem ( cont 'd ) nita ? but she too turn and walk away . 154 int . inspector' office . day . 154 inspector it be all bizarrely plausible . and yet ... jamal because I be a slum dog , chi - wallah , I be a liar , right ? inspector most of you be . srinivas come hurry in carry a file , very pleased with himself . constable srinivas shoot at pila Street , October 19th ... maman hossani .... victim pronounce dead at scene . suspect abscond : two male , early teens , one female , early teen . the Inspector take the file . stare at it . shake he head . inspector but you : you be not a liar , mister malik , that be for sure . you be too truthful . he turn to srinivas . ( continued ) 106 . 154 continued : 154 inspector ( cont 'd ) thank you , constable . all that remain be to work out whether it be manslaughter or murder . ten year , or life . the Young constable stick he head around the door . young constable the commissioner 's here , Sir . the Inspector sigh . get up . accompany by srinivas , he leave the room . jamal sit there . let he head drop . the camera float from the room , down the dingy corridor and out through a window ... 155 ext . police station . day . 155 .... alight on a crowd of hundred of people jostling to get a view of the building . News crew be set up around they . a tv reporter be do a piece to camera . tv reporter .... behind the wall of this police station lie the mystery all of India be talk about . do jamal malik , a uneducate , eighteen year - old boy from the slum of Mumbai win one crore rupee by fair mean or foul ? and in the crowd all around I there be a even bigger question . will he be back on the show tonight to play for twenty million rupee ... 156 omitted 156 156a int . police office . day . 156 a the commissioner be wait in the outer office . commissioner of police so ? have you charge he yet ? inspector I - progress be be make sir . commissioner of police progress ? have you charge he ? inspector no , Sir . ( continued ) 107 . 156a continued : 156a the commissioner dump a copy of the Times of India down on the desk . then the hindustan Times , the amar ujala and the afternoon dispatch thump down after they . all have photo of jamal on who want to be a millionaire on the front page . commissioner of police and if that be not enough for you ... he motion the Inspector to come over to the window . lift the blind . the Inspector hurry over . look alarmed . inspector that 's -? commissioner of police - yes , yes ! the boy 's a bloody hero with every beggar and thief in the city . we be in danger of look very stupid , here , Inspector . inspector whilst I be not convinced he actually cheat , I have get - the Inspector brandish the file . commissioner of police - prem Kumar himself - a man of great stand and integrity - say the kid be a liar and a cheat . what more do you need ? the Inspector pause . inspector a liar . then he put the file behind he back . srinivas frown . inspector ( cont 'd ) indeed , sir . srinivas cough pointedly . get a steely look from the Inspector . the commissioner have be stare out of the window at the crowd . turn back to they . commisioner of police he 's in for fraud , so you charge he for fraud . fast . or you will find yourself on traffic duty at the gateway of India . understand ? ( continued ) 108 . 156a continued : ( 2 ) 156a inspector yes , sir . the commissioner walk out . constable srinivas Sir -? inspector not a word , srinivas . 157 int . javed' safe -house . sitting room . night . 157 a cheek scar by disfigure knife scar . pull back we see it be latika , stare freeze at jamal on the television news . a palatial live room . deal card to salim , be jave Khan . a couple of bar Girls giggle next to jave and a couple of he thug . pour drink at a sideboard be latika . jave glance up at the screen , clearly not recognise jamal on a clip from who want to be a millionaire . salim , too be stare , wide - eye at the tv . jave pick up the remote , do not even notice and switch over to a music channel . latika hurry out . jave what about my bloody whisky , woman ? but she have already go . he growl after she . jave ( cont 'd ) hey , salim . he motion salim to get he a drink . jave 's mobile ring as salim go over to the sideboard . shift a bottle to the back . salim we be out . I will just get - syed . salim smile faintly at the image of jamal and hurry out . 158 int . javed' safe -house . salim' room . night . 158 a drawer open . Inside be salim 's pistol . and a phone - the same one he throw in there month ago . salim stare at both for a long time . finally , pick up the gun and phone . salim ( to himself ) final answer ? he find this faintly amusing . 109 . 159 int . javed' safe -house . kitchen . night . 159 latika sit in the kitchen , stare at the tv , tear run down she cheek . a reporter be talk in front of a enlarge photograph of jamal . latika wipe away the tear quickly as salim come in . he lock the door behind he . stare at the tv . salim that boy . he will never give up . never . he shake he head . salim ( cont 'd ) crazy chutiyé . salim approach latika . she flinch as he walk towards she . he put some car key in front of she . salim ( cont 'd ) ja. go. latika but - salim - just drive . there will not be another chance . go. latika take the key . hesitates . latika he will kill you . salim smile , shake he head . salim it be not write . jave o/s salim ! salim go to the back door . unlock it . open it for she . latika salim , I ....ca not . salim point at the television . salim you have to . it will take you two hour if you drive fast . here . he hold out he mobile phone . salim ( cont 'd ) for God 's sake , hold on to it . ( continued ) 110 . 159 continued : 159 latika take it . salim take hold of both side of she head for a moment . salim ( cont 'd ) for what I have do , please forgive I . salim release she . salim ( cont 'd ) go. have a good life . salim put he hand together in bless . she leave . salim shut the door , lock it . smile . 160 int . inspector' office . night . 160 jamal be doze in the chair . he wake with a shout . srinivas have just throw a bucket of water in he face . he unlock the handcuffs . jamal look up at he . srinivas shrug . constable srinivas you be back on the show . 161 int . backstage . night . 161 the audience for who want to be a millionaire be stand in line . they be be body - searched by police . mobile be be confiscate and put in bag . 162 int . backstage . night . 162 gaffer make last- minute adjustment to the light shine on the empty chair in the middle of the set . camera position be check by the floor manager . 163 int . police office . night . 163 srinivas walk jamal through the police office , past the Inspector sit at he desk , he arm behind he head , ponder . he watch jamal go and then ask : inspector of police what happen ? to the girl ? latika ? jamal stop . jamal who know ? jamal walk on . the Inspector watch he all the way . 111 . 164 int . police jeep . night . 164 jamal sit in the back of the police jeep . it pull out of the police station car park into a sea of people all cheer and shouting at the jeep . jamal look terrify . 165 int . car . night . 165 latika drive through the slum of Mumbai . she hoot she horn furiously at a cart - driver amble across the road . 166 int . police jeep . night . 166 the jeep stop at the light and a beggar wander up , tapping on the windscreen . the beggar study jamal 's face for a second , then start shouting and point at he . beggar crorepati ! crorepati ! other beggar - just like the one jamal use to be - join he and start cheer and applaud . the jeep pull away . 167 omitted 167 168 ext . slum . night . 168 at the chi stall , everyone gather around the tv , watch . 169 ext . roadside chi house . night . 169 a rickshaw park up next to a hundred other . the Driver leap out , abandon the irate business man in the back and run to the tv in the café . 170 int . call centre . night . 170 the manager walk into the aircraft hanger of a building . stop . where be everyone ? then he see everyone crowded around the tv in the recreation room . stalk over . manager oi ! get back to work . then he see jamal 's face on the tv . ( continued ) 112 . 170 continued : 170 manager ( cont 'd ) the chi-wallah ? 171 ext . roadside shack . night . 171 all along the highway , one by one the television in a hundred shack flick on , silhouett the family huddle in front of it . 172 int . studio . backstage . night . 172 in the half - light , jamal be be powder by nita . nita good luck . prem sneer . talkback v/o two minute . she finish powder jamal . prem hey. sweetheart . what about I ? I be sweat , here . nita you should be . she dump the powder compact in he hand . prem so. tonight . the calypso bar . nita not if you be the only man in the world . she walk off . prem ( genuinely puzzle ) but I be the only man in the world . 173 ext . mumbai STREET . night . 173 the traffic be gridlock . latika be pump the horn . latika come on , come on ! she glance out of the window , see one of the roadside shack with the television on . get out of the car and run to it . 113 . 173a int . commissioner office . night . 173a the commissioner grab he phone . commissioner of police get I the Inspector on the phone now ! 173b int . inspector' office . night . 173b the Inspector wander into he office , still deep in think . switch on the television just as the millionaire music start . sit . the phone ring . 174 omitted 174 175 omitted 175 176 omitted 176 177 int . studio . night . 177 prem and jamal walk on -stage . blind light . they take they seat to tumultuous applause . prem welcome back to who want to be a millionaire ? I can safely say that tonight be the biggest night of both of we life , lady and gentlemen . jamal malik , the call Centre worker from Mumbai have already win one crore rupee , a cool ten million . tonight , he can walk away with that in he pocket or make the biggest gamble in television history and go for the final question and a staggering twenty million rupee ! jamal , be you ready for that question ? jamal yes . the light dim , the music rumble . prem push the button on he computer . pause . get conversational . prem Big reader , be you jamal ? a lover of literature ? nervous laughter from the audience . jamal just shrug . ( continued ) 114 . 177 continued : 177 jamal I can read . even more nervous laughter . prem lucky ! in Alexandre Dumas ' book , the Three musketeer , two of the musketeer be call athos and porthos . what be the name of the third musketeer . be it a ) aramis , B ) cardinal Richelieu , C ) d'artagnan , D ) planchet . a involuntary laugh come out of jamal 's mouth . 178 int . roadside shack . night . 178 in the shack , sit on a upturn oil drum , surround by puzzle Indians in rag , a slow smile come to latika 's face . 179 omitted 179 180 int . studio . night . 180 camera on prem . prem the final question , for twenty million rupee : and he 's smile . I guess you know the answer . jamal would you believe it ? I do not . jamal laugh . there 's nothing else to do . the audience groan . prem you do not ? so , you be go to take the ten million and walk ? jamal no . prem no ? jamal I will play . a gasp from the audience . ( continued ) 115 . 180 continued : 180 prem you just say you do not know the answer . I hear that , right ? you do understand that if you get the answer wrong , you lose everything ? ten million rupee . a fortune , jamal . a terrible pause . jamal I would like to phone a friend . prem we be go to the wire , lady and gentlemen , we be go to the wire . the final life-line . here we go .... 181 int . studio . night . 181 prem press he computer . ominous rumble of drum . the light dim . a phone can be hear ringing , the amplify sound echoing around the studio . prem it 's ringing . the phone continue to ring . 182 int . roadside shack . night . 182 latika be stare at the television . then a electric current seem to shoot through she and she be run , dodging the static traffic , street vendor , the odd cow , head for she abandon car . hoot horn , shouting driver . the phone ring on ... 183 int . studio . night . 183 and on ... prem do not look as if you friend be in , jamal . who be it ? jamal my brother 's number , but - prem - the sort of brother who would go for a walk on the twenty million rupee question ? jamal it 's the only number I know . 116 . 184 int . car . night . 184 on the passenger seat of latika 's car , salim 's phone continue to ring ... 185 int . studio . night . 185 ... and ring . prem you be on you own , jamal . prem look up at the gallery . the director shake he head , mime cut he throat . 186 int . car . night . 186 latika wrestle the door open , grab the phone . 187 int . studio . night . 187 prem open he mouth to speak . then , out of the darkness of the studio , latika v/o hello ? a gasp from the audience . latika v/o ( cont 'd ) hello ? jamal ? prem wow ! that 's cut it fine . I be guess this be not you brother . this be - latika v/o my name be latika . the first real smile of jamal 's adult life . 188 ext . studio . backstage . night . 188 a small smile spread across the Inspector 's face . inspector that 's why he 's on the show . he pick up he hat and hasten out of the room . 117 . 189 int . javed' safe -house . night . 189 jave pull the bar girl from he , stare open - mouth at the television . jave what the bloody -? he push the girl off he . get to he foot . jave ( cont 'd ) latika ! salim ! 190 int . studio / int . roadside shack . night . 190 prem okay ! so , latika , you want to hear the question one more time ? and let 's be clear about this . twenty million rupee ride on you answer . you have thirty second . jamal , please read out the question to latika . jamal be that really you ? latika v/o yes . prem the question , jamal . jamal in Alexandre Dumas ' book , the Three musketeer , two of the musketeer be call athos and porthos . what be the name of the third musketeer . be it a ) aramis , B ) cardinal Richelieu , C ) d'artagnan , D ) planchet . silence . the electronic clock tick loudly . prem Fifteen second . jamal where be you ? latika v/o I be - I be safe . prem ten second . so , latika , what do you think ? silence . ( continued ) 118 . 190 continued : 190 prem ( cont 'd ) five , four , three , two , one . time 's up ! you answer . latika v/o I do not know . the audience groan . prem oh ... latika v/o I have never know . prem you really be on you own , now , jamal . you answer : for twenty million rupee . jamal shrug . jamal A. prem A. because ? jamal just ... because . prem apka final jawab ? jamal yes. final answer . A. aramis . the light dim , the music crescendo . a buzz run around the audience . prem push the button on he computer . stare hard at jamal . prem Computer - ji a lock kiya-jaye . jamal malik , call Centre Assistant from Mumbai , for two crore , twenty million rupee , you be ask who the third musketeer be in the novel by Alexandre Dumas . you use you final life - line to phone a friend . you answer A. aramis ..... which be ... I have to tell you ... the correct answer ! Wild applause . prem jump up and pull a bemuse jamal to he foot , raise he arm in the air . jamal be smile , but disorientate . ( continued ) 119 . 190 continued : ( 2 ) 190 prem ( cont 'd ) lady and gentlemen , jamal malik , crorepati ! what a night ! we have all be present at the make of history , lady and gentlemen ! jamal malik , millionaire ! jamal latika ? latika ? to ever-increasing roar and applause from the audience , prem escort jamal off-stage . 191 int . roadside shack . night . 191 the line go dead in latika 's hand . she stare down at the phone . the bemuse family be still eying she like a alien . she smile at they and go out . the traffic on the road be still grid-lock . she start walk , faster and faster . then she break into a run . 192 int . javed' safe -house . bathroom . night . 192 a small tv in the bathroom . salim smile . jave o/s salim ! teri mar ki chute ! salim ! jave be bang on the door . salim get up from where he have be praying . he climb into the bath which be full of bank note and lie down amongst the money . he reach across for the pistol and pick it up . smile slightly as jave smashes down the door , pull the trigger and shoot jave . he fall onto the floor , dead . but the thug right behind he shoot salim in the chest . he lie back in the bath , the faintest trace of a smile on he face as he stare at the picture of jamal on the tv . salim God be good . salim die . 193 int . studio . backstage . night . 193 prem and jamal be be pose by photographer . a giant-size cheque for twenty million rupee be manhandle onto the floor by the floor manager and a Assistant amidst much cheer and laughter . jamal be snap next to a scowling prem . the Inspector appear next to they . inspector just one more thing leave , sir. ( continued ) 120 . 193 continued : 193 prem smile . prem finally , huh ? inspector if you would like to come with I . he take jamal by the arm , lead he backstage . 194 int / ext . police jeep . night . 194 jamal sit silent in the back seat next to the Inspector as he drive through the traffic . then : jamal Truth alone triumph ? I should have know better . the Inspector stop the jeep . unlock the handcuffs . hold the back door open for jamal . inspector think you might need a lift , Sir . he nod towards the outside world . daze , jamal get out . 195 ext . chhatrapati shivaji terminus . night . 195 jamal find himself gaze up at vt station . slowly , he wander inside . the Inspector take the content of the file and tear they slowly in half . let the piece fall on the ground . get back in the jeep and drive away . 196 omitted 196 197 int . chhatrapati shivaji terminus . night . 197 vt station be awash with the evening commute . thousands of people crowd the platform , jostling the only still figure who be sit at the base of the statue of Frederick Stevens . jamal . then there be a gap in the wall of body that swirl around he . jamal get to he foot . jamal latika ? then she be go in the melee again . only to reappear . ( continued ) 121 . 197 continued : 197 latika jamal ? jamal force himself through the people . nothing will stop he . latika too be shove they aside until they be face - to-face . they stop , look at each other , hold each other 's hand tight . the whole station seem freeze , the only movement from a thousand body be jamal and latika . latika ( cont 'd ) I think we would meet again only in death . he shake he head . jamal I know you would be watch . jamal put he hand on latika 's chin , turn she head gently so that she be face he . he see the knife scar on she cheek for the first time . she try to turn she head , but he will not let she . run he hand slowly down the scar . rest he hand there . jamal ( cont 'd ) this be we destiny . he gently kiss the scar cheek . jamal ( cont 'd ) this be we destiny . the camera pull back and back , rise above the station . the music start and the freeze station come alive , two thousand kurta-clad man and saree - clad woman dance in and out and on top of the train , a unbound celebration of hope and humanity that have at its centre , jamal and latika . the end