Miller 's cross a original screenplay by Joel coen and ethan coen 1 . fade in : close shot a whiskey tumbler that sit on a oak side bar under a glow green banker lamp , as two ice cube be drop in . from elsewhere in the room : man ( off ) I be talkin ' about friendship . I be talkin ' about character . I be talkin ' about -- hell , Leo , I be not embarass to use the word -- I be talkin ' about ethic . whiskey be pour into the tumbler , fill it almost to the rim , as the offscreen man continue . . . . you know I be a sport man . I like to make the occasional bet . but I be not that sport . the speaker a bald middle - age man with a round , open face . he still wear he overcoat and sit in a leather chair in the dark room , illuminate by the offscreen glow of a desk lamp . this be johnny caspar . behind he stand another man , harder look , wear a overcoat and hat and hold another hat -- presumably caspar 's . this be bluepoiont vance . caspar ( cont would ) when I fix a fight , say - - if I pay a three - to - one favorite to throw a goddamn fight -- I figure I get a right to expect that fight to go off at three - to-one . but every time I lay a bet with this sonofabitch bernie bernheim , before I know it the odd be even up -- or worse , I be betting the short money . . . behind caspar we hear the clink of ice in the tumbler and a figure emerge from the shadow , walk away from the glow bar in the backgound . . . . the sheeny know I like sure thing . he 's sell the information I fix the fight . out - of - town money come pourin ' in . the odd go straight to hell . I do not know who he 's sellin ' it to , maybe the Los Angeles combine , I do not know . the point be , bernie be not satisfied with the honest dollar he can make off the vig . he be not satisfied with the business I do on he book . he 's sellin ' tip on how I bet , and that mean part of the payoff that should be ridin ' on my hip be ridin ' on someone else 's . so back we go to this question -- friendship , character , ethic . the man with the whiskey glass have just pass the camera and we cut to the : reverse another well dress , middle age man , behind a large polished oak desk , listen intently . this be Leo . he be short but powerfully build , with the face of a man who have see thing . the man with the whiskey enter frame and pass Leo to lean against the wall behind he , where he listen quietly . caspar . . . so its clear what I be sayin ' ? Leo clear as mud . caspar purse he lip but continue unfaze . caspar it 's a wrong situation . it 's gettin ' so a businessman can not expect no return from a fix fight . now if you can not trust a fix , what can you trust ? for a good return you gotta go bettin ' on chance , and then you be back with anarchy . right back inna jungle . on account of the breakdown of ethic . that 's why ethic be important . it 's the grease make we get along , what separate we from the animal , beast a burden , beast a prey . ethic . whereas bernie bernheim be a horse of a different color ethic - wise . as in , he be not get any . he 's stealin ' from I plain and simple . Leo lean back in he chair . the man behind Leo raise the whiskey glass to he lip . he be trimmer and young than Leo , perhaps in he thir - tie , dark - complect , with a pencil mustache and a gaunt intensity that be not entirely healthy - look . this be Tom . as he drink , he study caspar and bluepoint . Leo you sure it 's bernie , sell you out ? for the first time the man behind caspar speak : bluepoint it be not elve . Leo nobody else know about the fix ? caspar no one that be not get ethic . Leo what about the fighter you pay to tank out ? bluepoint we only pick fighter we can put the fear of God in . Leo any other booky know ? you play anyone else 's book ? caspar I lay a occasional bet with mink larouie . bluepoint but it be not mink , I will vouch for that . Leo how do you know ? caspar shake he head . caspar it be not mink . mink be bluepoint 's boy . Leo mm. and of course , bluepoint always know about the fix . bluepoint what the hell be that suppose to mean ? Leo let it drift . all it mean be a lot of people know . caspar I guess you be not be listen . sure other people know . that 's why we gotta go to this question of character , determine just who exactly be chiseling in a my fix . and that 's how we know it 's bernie bernheim . the motzah kid . ' Cause ethically , he 's kinda shaky . Leo you know bernie 's chiseling you because he 's a chiseler . and you know he 's a chiseler because he 's chiseling you . airily : caspar sometimes you just know . Leo . . . so you wanna kill he . bluepoint for starter . Leo nod , think . he swivel to look interrogatively at Tom . Tom give a almost imperceptable shrug . the ice cube in he glass clink . Leo turn back to caspar , pause . Leo . . . sorry , caspar . bernie pay I for protec - tion . Tom , peer over he drink , do not entirely conceal he surprise . caspar stare at Leo , he mouth open . it be not the response he expect . caspar . . . listen , Leo , I be not askin , for permission . I be tellin ' you as a courtesy . I need to do this thing , so it 's gonna get do . Leo then I be tell you as a courtesy that you will have trouble . you come here to see if I would kick if you kill bernie . well there 's you answer . caspar 's voice be harder : caspar listen Leo , I pay off to you every month like a greengrocer - - a lot more than the motzah -- and I be sick a gettin' the high hat -- Leo you pay off for protection , just like everyone else . Far as I know -- and what I do not know in this town be not worth know -- the cop have not close any of you dive and the o.a. have not touch any of you racket . you have not buy any license to kill booky and today I be not sell any . now take you flunky and dangle . caspar be stare at Leo . he look at Tom , then rise slowly to he foot . back at Leo : caspar ya know I be tryin ' . . . I be tryin not to raise my voice in anga . I have always go along to get along . but you make I lay off the matzoh and you be givin ' I the needle . I tell you the sheeny be robbin ' I blind , I tell you I wanna put he in the ground and I be tell you now I be sick a the high hat . he swipe he hat from bluepoint . . . . you think I be some guinea fresh off the boat and you think you can kick I . but I be too big for that now . he put he hand on the desk and lean towards Leo . the cord stand out on he ndck . I be sick - of takin ' the strap from you , Leo . I be sick a marchin ' down to this goddamn office to kiss you irish ass and i'm sick a the high hat ! caspar stop , out of breath . he be red face and panting . bluepoint have put a gently restrain hand a he shoul - der . Leo and Tom stare at caspar impasssively . after a beat caspar shut he mouth . his eye lose some of they glaze . he look at bluepoint 's hand , turn and stride towards the door . caspar . . . youse fuckin ' fancy - pants , all of ya . he open the docr , but Leo 's voice stop he . Leo ( softly ) johnny . you be exactly as big as I let you be and no bigger and do not forget it . ever . caspar look at lea from the open doorway . after a beat he chuckle . caspar ats right , Leo , you be the big-shot around here . he dance over at Tom again , then back to Leo : . . . and I be just some schnook like to get slap around . he leave , bluepoint follow , shutting the door . after a beat Tom cross in front of the desk and sit down in the chair caspar have just vacate . Leo chuckle and lean back in he chair . Leo twist a pig 's ear . watch he squeal . Tom swallow the last of he drink and stare ruminatively down at he glass . Tom . . . bad play , leo. Leo , unfaze , grin at Tom . Leo get up on the wrong side , huh ? Tom same side as always . Leo that 's what I mean . still owe money to -- who 's you bookie ? lazarre ? Tom mm. Leo I could put it right for you . Tom thanxs Leo , I do not need it . Leo in a pig 's eye . you have not play a winner in six week . people will speak ill of I if I let he break you leg . Tom grin back , for the first time . Tom people will say I have it come . Leo and they will be right , but that be not the point . call I a big-heart slob , but I be gonna square it for ya . he pick up a phone on he desk and start to dial . . . . yeah , I think I will do that , this very same night . look at you mope around take away all my . . . what do you call it ? Joy de veever . Tom stand and walk over to the desk . Tom joi de vivre . he take the receiver from Leo and prong the phone . Leo well look , if you gonna laugh at I , the hell with you . Tom walk to the door , put a he hat . Tom and with you . I will square myself with lazarre if you do not mind . thats why God invent card . he pause in the doorway and turn back to Leo . . . . there be something you can do for I . Leo name it . Tom think about what protect bernie get we . think about what offend caspar lose we . Leo chuckle good - naturedly . Leo come on , Tommy , you know I do not like to think . Tom have step into the hallway and , just as he close the door : Tom yeah . well , think about whether you should start . the door click shut . CUT to black 2 . fade in : the wood credit sequence although it be day , the tree cover give a effect of almost cathedral - like darkness . the sun filter down through the leave in gently shifting pattern . we hear only the sound of the wind and the creak and groan of tree limb in the breeze . head title be super over the dissolve series of wood scene . in the last wood scene the angle be low -- almost ground - level . the sun dapple the floor of the forest , which be carpete with pine needle . with a whoosh of rustling leave the wind gust a fedora into frame . for a moment it lie still in the foreground , sunlight rippling over it , make it seem almost alive . then the wind pick up again and the hat tumble away from we , end over end , in slow motion into the background , impossibly far away until . . . it dissappear . as we fade out , we hear a distant knock . 3 . fade in : close shot tom unshaven , eye close , motionless . the head credit continue over this one - shot scene . the knock continue , faintly , offscreen . as we hear a door open we pull back to a looser shot , revealinq that Tom be slump back on a tired green sofa . a fat hand enter to shake Tom 's shoulder . Voice wake up , Tommy . without ocen he eye : Tom I be awake . Voice you be eye be shut . Tom who be you gonna believe ? Tom sit up , though it seem like a effort . he look sick . from a small mirror behind the couch we see that we be in the back room of a gambling establishment . the leaving of a card game litter a table in the middle background . Tom . . . how would I do ? Voice what do you think . you be a millionaire . you gonna remember you friend ? Tom reach up to feel he head , and look stupidly about . Tom . . . where 's my hat ? Voice you bet it , ya moron . good thing the game break up before you bet you short . after a beat of stare at nothing in particular , Tom abruptly lurch to he foot and stagger out of frame . the other man sit heavily onto the couch that Tom have just vacate . he be fat tony , a big man wear a apron . he watch as we hear Tom , offscreen , staggering across the room , bump into something which scrape and then clatter over , open a door , staggering across tile , and then vomit . fat tony watch with mild interest . finally : Tom 's Voice . . . who leave with my hat ? tony verna . verna and mink . Tom . . . who ? louder : tony mink and verna . offsccreen we hear a tap run . Tom . . . thunderclap run tonight ? tony yeah . Tom what 's she leave at ? tony Three - to-one , more and likely . Lay off , Tom . you should not go deeper in the hole . Tom tell lazarre I want five hundred on the nose . tony shrug . tony you would have it . Tom . . . somebody hit I ? tony yeah . mink hit you . Tom . . . whyzat ? tony inspect a hangnail on he thumb . tony you ask he to . 4 . CUT to : a hallway a loose shot look over Tom 's shoulder as he knock on a partment door . head credit continue . the door swing open and verna , a attractive but hard - look woman in she late twenty or early thirty look coldly out at Tom . Tom ( still slightly woozy ) miss I ? verna you again . what now ? Tom I want my hat . verna . . . be that all you come for ? Tom yeah . I want my hat . verna I win it . it 's mine . Tom what be you gonna do with it ? verna Drop dead . she slam the door . there be a long , motionless beat . Tom raise he hand and knock again , miss the door completely on he first try . after a knock or two the door swing open again . Tom I need a drink . verna why do not you say so . she step away from the door and Tom enter the apartment . as the door click shut we cut to black , and the last of the movie 's head credit . Music clays under the credit , mix in with the wood sound we hear earlier . as the last of the credit be fade to black we hear a distant knock , and from black we : 5 . CUT to : close shot a fedora lying on a marble bureau top in a dark room . a gently rippling cookie play over it -- light from a streetlamp throw through a curtain window . reflected in the bureau mirror behind the fedora we see the soft glow of a burn cigarette . reverse track in on Tom , sit in bed , smoking , stare at the bureau . the rippling street light play over he from the window . we hear a distant knock . wider the bedroom , as Tom swing he leg around and get out of bed . Tom throw on a dress gown and leave the bedroom through its double oak pocket door , close the door behind he . 6 . live room also dark , light only by streetlight filter in . the knock be louder here . Tom cross the room , silhouett against the window , to the apartment 's front door . Light fan in as he open it . shiftng uncomfortably in the hallway be Leo , in a overcoat and fedora . Leo ' lo , Tommy . sorry about the hour . Tom I will live . what 's the rumpus ? Leo can i come in ? Tom think about this for the slight beat . Tom sure . he let Leo precede he into the live room . Tom turn on a lamp that sit on a roll bar . . . . drink ? Leo I would not mind . . . I try call earlier . Tom I get home late . as Tom sit down face Leo with two drink : Leo well . . . sorry about the hour . Tom uh-huh . he wait , with no apparent impatience . the older man be uncomfortable ; he be have trouble find the word . finally he lift he glass and swallow it in one gulp . Leo . . . not bad . . . Tom better than the paint we sell at the club . Leo that it be . . . that it be . . . Tom think about cut bernie loose ? Leo be shuffle he hat nervously from hand to hand . Leo can not do it , Tommy , can not do it . . . that 's sort of why I be . . . Tommy . . . I do not know where verna be . Tom fix he with a level stare , then take a sip of he drink . Tom uh-huh . Leo I know what you be think : what else be new ? but the situation now , I be worried . . . Tom blow out air . Tom verna can take care of herself . maybe better than you can . Leo what do that mean ? Tom stand up , take Leo 's glass and walk back over to the bar . Tom want another ? Leo no . what do that mean ? Tom turn to look at Leo , pause , then decide to speak : Tom how far have she get she hook into you ? Leo that 's a hell of a question . Tom it 's a grift , Leo . if she do not need you to protect she brother from johnny caspar , d' you think she would still go with you on slow carriage ride through the park ? that be the deal , be not it ? you keep bernie under wrap ' till caspar cool down ? Leo Jesus but you be a prickly pear . what 's wrong with she want she brother take care of ? Tom not a thing . I do not blame she . she see the angle -- which be you -- and she play it . she 's a grifter , just like she brother . they probably have grifter parent and grifter grandparent and someday they will each spawn little grifter kid -- Leo stop it , Tommy . I do not like to hear my friend run down . even by other friend . Tom shrug . Tom friendship 's get nothing to do with it . Leo the hell you say . you do anything to help you friend . just like you do anything to kick you enemy . Tom wrong , Leo . you do thing for a reason . Leo okay , Tom , you know the angle -- Christ , better than anybody . but you be wrong about this . you do not know what 's in verna 's heart . . . Tom stare down into he drink . there be a awkward pause . then finally , without look up : Tom Leo , throw she down . and she brother , too . dump she . Leo look like he have just be step on . Leo Jesus , tom. . . verna 's okay . . . he nod to himself . she 's a little wild , but she 's okay . I like she . Tom smile . Tom yeah , you like she . like the kaiser like cabbage . you be dizzy for she . Leo scowl at Tom . Leo what of it ? Jesus , Tom , be not you ever be bit by that bug ? Tom Leo , if she 's such a angel , why be you look for she at four in the morning ? Leo dig he hand into he pocket and slouches back , profoundly embarass . Leo I put a tail on she this afternoon . Tom hah ! Leo yeah , I ask rug Daniels to follow she around -- just , you know , just to keep she out of trouble . Tom and to tell you what trouble she be manage to whip up herself . Leo it be not to spy , Tom ; I be worried . after that meeting with caspar , well -- you can not be too careful . Tom uh-huh . and what do rug tell you that have you scurrying over here ? Leo that 's just it . nothing . he 's disappear . Tom laugh humorlessly . Tom so you have lose you ladyfriend and the tail you put a she . Leo I guess it do sound pretty sorry at that . . . he look from he empty glass up to Tom . . . . help I out , Tom . I would not know where to start look . you know rug 's crowd , you know the people verna run with . I be just worried now , with thing the way they be between I and caspar - - Tom give a wave of disgust . Tom you should not be confront johnny caspar , it 's what I have be try to tell you . you can not trade body blow with he . he 's get too strong . for the first time Leo display some testiness : Leo I reckon I can still trade body blow with any man in this town . . . he sigh , look back down at he drink . . . . except you , Tom . Tom and verna . Leo smile good - naturedly . Leo okay , give I the needle . I be a sap , I deserve it . . . he stand and walk to the door . Tom do not move . his eye remain fix on the chair Leo have just vacate . Leo pause in the open doorway . . . . thanks for the drink . let I know if you hear anything . . . the door close and he be go . Tom grimace and stand up . sunlight be just start to come in through the window , define for the first time the corner of the large semi-circular room as Tom walk across it to the bedroom . distant early - morning traffic noise be filter up from the street . 7 . int bedroom as Tom open the double oak door and enter , leave they open . he cross to the bed and sit a its edge , hunch forward , think . behind he , a woman stir . woman ( sleepily ) who be that ? Tom leo. . . he take a cigarette from the nightstand and light it . . . . he 's look for you . verna stiffen . verna do you tell he I be here ? Tom no . verna relax . verna do you put in a good word for my brother ? Tom no . verna you say you would . Tom . . . I say I would think about it . verna what do you tell he ? Tom be lose in think . he exhales smoke . Tom . . . do you see rug Daniels last night ? verna no . what do you tell Leo ? Tom finally turn to face she . after look at she for a beat : Tom . . . I tell he you be a tramp and he should dump you . a shoe fly past he head and hit the wall behind he . verna you be a son of a bitch , Tom . 7 . ext alleyway early morning we be on a extreme close shot of a small dog . behind he , in the distance , we can see the mouth of the alley . the dog be on point , perfectly still , one front leg crooked and raise off the ground , he ear point straight up , he eye in a fix stare . a man be slouched , half -sitting , against the wall of the alley . he be motionless . his mouth be agape . his eye be roll up in a lifeless stare . he be wear a overcoat but it be unbuttone and reveal a blood stain in the middle of he chest . his fedora lie on the ground near one of he splay hand . there be something subtly odd about he hair . close shot a little boy perhaps five year old . he stare down at the dead man in front of he . close shot the man stare vacantly . the boy after a moment , he reach forward . the man as the boy 's hand enter frame . the boy poke once at the man 's shoulder . there be no reaction . the boy touch the top of the man 's head . the man 's hair slip forward a couple of inch over over he forehead . the boy stare . the man also stare , he skew hairpiece ill become he stunne expression . the boy reach forward and take the hairpiece off the man 's head . now a bald man stare off into smace , still look stunne , still quite dead . wide shot the alley the dead man and the little bov face each other in profile in the middle foreground . in the background , between they , the little boy 's dog face we , still on point , still whining . the little boy be fascinate by the hairpiece he hold . he turn it over and around , and look from it to the dead man . suddenly the boy turn and run , away from we , towards the mouth of the alley , still clutching the hairpiece . as he pass the dog it turn and run after he , wag its tail , happy to be leave . fade out 9 . fade in : int diner evening a man sit face we at the counter in the foreground . his face be hide by the newspaper he be read . the page of the newspaper be present to the camera bear a story headline : gangster slain . the subhead : politician 's " aide " found Dead in alley . after a beat the diner drop the paper to the counter , and we see that it be Tom , wear overcoat and hat . he be grimace at whatever he be read . he stand and dig into he pocket . reverse look down at the newspaper a the counter , next to a steaming cup of coffee . Tom 's hand enter to put some change on the counter , leave , and we hear he recede footstep . the headline story on the page Tom be read be : thunderclap injured in racing mishap . 10 . CUT to : tracking in to close shot plaque set into the brick of a building 's exterior , it read : shenandoah club . in script underneath : member only . 11 . int the club night track towards the front door as Tom enter . he put he coat and hat on the check counter . Tom hello , beryl -- her arm sweep across frame to slap Tom hard . check girl ( off ) ai not you get a conscience ? Tom stare dumbly . on beryl a diminutive woman in a french may 's uniform with a pill box hat . she rock she weight on one leg with she hand proceed defiantly on she hip . . . . it 's a little voice inside that tell you when you be a heel ! Tom mine 's be mum lately -- what would I do ? beryl stood I up be all . make I wait a hour and a half be all ? or maybe you do not remember sayin ' you would pick I up after work last night . I see heel in my time , sure , plenty of them ! but none so low as could not tell I to my face when they be sick of I ! . . . she throw a check number at he . . . . you know where you can stick it ! 12 . CUT to : tracking shot pull Tom as he walk across the gambling floor . he be join bv a nervous young man in a tuxedo . mink ' lo Tom . what 's the rumpus ? Tom mink . mink throw a glance back in the direction of the coat check . mink . . . I see you get you hat back . Tom yeah , what of it . mink not a thing , Tommy . I get not a thing to say . listen , bernie want to see you . it 's important . Tom well I be right here , and I be not make of glass . mink yeah , but he 's nervous walkin ' around in public . he 's a right guy , but he 's nervous , Tommy ! he 's very nervous ! who would not be ?! Tom look at mink for the first time . Tom mink -- mink the spot he 's in , who would not be ! he ask I to ask you to ask Leo to take care of he . you know , put in a good word with Leo . Leo listen to you . not that Leo would not help the motzoh anyway ! a guy like bernie ? a square gee like the motzah ! a straight shooter like he ? Tom I do not get it , mink -- mink what 's to get ?! it 's as plain as the nose -- Tom I think you be bluepoint 's sycophant . mink yeah Tom , that 's right . but a guy can have more than one friend , can not he ? not that I would want bluepoint to know about it , but a square gee like the motzah ? he 's a right guy , Tom ! he 's a straight shooter ! I know he 's get a mix reputation , but for a sheeny he 's get a lot a good quality ! Tom have reach the foot of a large staircase . he turn to look at mink with mild curiosity . Tom why should I care what happen to bernie ? mink c'mon Tom , you like bernie dontcha ? Tom I do not like anybody , mink , you know that . mink well , you like he sister . Tom what 's that suppose to mean ? mink nothing , Tom . if it be not my business I get not a thing to say . Tom study mink for a beat . Tom what 's go a between you and bernie ? mink nothin , Tom ! we be just friend -- you know , amigo ? he sic on he cigarette and look nervously around the floor , then back at Tom , who stare coolly back . Tom you be a fickle boy , mink . if bluepoint find out you have another " amigo " -- well , I do not peg he for the understanding type . mink be startle . in a high shrill voice , as Tom walk up the stair , clutching he drink : mink find out !? how would he find out ?! damnit Tom , I and you be not even be talk ! Jesus Tom , damnit , Jesus ! 13 . int leo' office pull Tom as he enter the office . Leo ( off ) ' lo , Tom . you know o'gar . . . reverse Leo face we from behind he desk . seat in two chair face the desk , twist around to greet Tom , be two man . o' gar be a large man wear a police uniform . Dale levander wear a suit ; a florid man with a shock of white hair , in he mid-sixty . Leo . . . and the mayor . Tom I ought to . I vote for he six time last May . levander chuckle . levander and that be not the record , either . Tom be crossing to the bar . Leo verna turn up . she 's downstairs . Tom , he back to Leo as he pour a drink , stiffen . Tom . . . she say where she would be ? Leo no , I uh . . . do not want to press she . hear about rug ? drink in hand , Tom turn and cross to perch a a corner of Leo 's desk . Tom yeah , r.i.p. Leo they take he hair , Tommy . Jesus that 's strange . why would they do that ? Tom maybe it be injun . Leo eye-ty , more like it . Giovanni casparro . Tom so you figure it be caspar bump rug ? Leo , with a puzzle smile , glance at o'gar and the mayor , and then back at Tom . Leo . . . well it 's pretty obvious be not it ? Tom mm. . . so what 's the plan ? Leo jump on the guinea hard . with both foot . he look at the mayor who shift uncomfortably in he seat . . . . give he the low -down , Dale . Mayor yes , well . . . Leo here have just remind we that Mr. caspar operate several club in we city wherein the patron imbibe of rum and play at game of chance . morosely : o' gar and we be sunnose to stop the party . Tom uh-huh . . . look at Leo , he jerk he head towards the two man . . . . they do not seem too happy about it , Leo . o' gar naw , it be not that , Tom . Mayor Jesus , Tom ! we do as we be tell ! Tom ignore they . Tom maybe they be right not to like it . stir up this hornet ' nest will not be good for anyone . and it will mean kill . Leo well I be not thrilled about it either , but I can not just lay down to caspar . Tom you could do worse . you might not like it , but give up bernie bernheim be a pretty small price to pay for peace . Business be business and a war 's go to hurt everybody . bernie play with fire , he 's get to deal with the consequence -- even if that mean he get bump off . Leo sweet Jesus , Tom , that be not even the point anymore . caspar poope rug . the day I back down from a fight , caspar be welcome to the racket , this town , and my place at the table . I do not start this thing , but -- Tom 's voice be sharp : Tom you do start it -- you and verna - - the mayor have rise to he foot . uncomfortably : Mayor we can dangle , Leo , if you would prefer . Leo siddown Dale , we be all friend here . Tom -- and caspar have not break the rule , bernie have - - and you too , by help he . and if that be not enough , consider that if you make it a war , you have more to lose than caspar . Leo be get up from behind the desk and walk over to stare out the window . Leo okay , but more to beat he with . Jesus , Tom , the two of we have face worse odd . Tom but never without reason . it help to have one . Leo do not reply . Tom be irritate , but shrug indif - ference . . . . well , it 's you call . he get to he foot and start for the door . . . . my opinion use to count for something around here , but it 's always yours to take or leave . Leo have turn from the window and be stride after Tom , gesture appologetically . Leo aw , c'mon Tommy . its not like that . . . the door click shut . . . . goddamnit . goddamn kid be just like a twist . 14 . CUT to : fat tony tending the downstairs bar as Tom stalk over . Tom gimme a stiff one . tony no small talk , huh ? they shoot vour nag ? tony have finish pour a shot of whiskey which Tom immediately knock back . Tom if there 's any justice . verna around ? tony she step into the lady , room . you get lazarre 's five hundred ? Tom he will have to carry I for a few day . Tom be pour himself another drink . tony he be not gonna like that . could not , you get it from Leo ? Tom be irritate : Tom it 's not Leo 's debt . I will pay my own way . tony I admire a man of principle . do this go on the tab ? drink in hand , Tom be already walk away . 15 . int lady ' lounge as Tom bang through the door , still carelessly hold he tumbler of whiskey . a rogue lock of hair hang down over he forehead . Tom Close you eye , lady , I be come through . reverse the hubbub of female voice evaporate as all turn to look at the male intruder . the lounge 's decor be do in various shade of pink . some of the woman apply make - up face the large bulb -encircle mirror on overstuff seashell shape pink chair . other woman sit , smoking , in the banquette that line the other wall . all react to Tom 's entrance with surprise mix with various degree of outrage , and they hurry to gather they thing and leave . the one exception be verna , who look at Tom with unperturb distaste . as he cross to she seashell chair : Tom who 's the warpaint for ? verna go home and dry out . Tom you do not need it for Leo , believe I . he already think you be the original miss Jesus . she glance hurriedly around the lounge , but the last of the woman be already leave . verna . . . what the hell 's the matter with you ? Tom what 's the matter with you ? afraid people might get the right idea ? verna study he for a beat . verna Leo 's get the right idea . I like he , he 's honest and he 's get a heart . Tom weave a couple of step closer to she . Tom then its true what they say . opposite attract . verna do I a favor and mind you own business . she turn back to the mirror and start apply she lipstick . Tom drop down to face she in the mirror . Tom this be my business . intimidate helpless woman be part of what I do . verna then find one and intimidate she . Tom swallow the rest of he drink in one gulp . Tom Leo 's upstairs get ready to shoot himself in the foot on you account . verna I do not know what you be talk about . Tom he 's gonna go to the mat for you brother . and it 's gonna hurt he . verna I do not know Leo 's business , but he 's a big boy . Tom he use to be . verna cause with the lipstick . she look at Tom intently but she tone soften . verna look . what do you want , Tom ? you want I to pretend I do not care what happen to bernie ? well I do . he 's my brother and I do not want he to get hurt . if Leo want to help he out I will step out with he , show he a good time in return . there 's no harm in that . Tom there 's a name for that kind of business arrange - ment . verna I will do what I have to for bernie and there 's no reason for you to try and queer that . regardless of what you think of I , bernie 's a decent guy . Tom a straight shooter , huh ? a square gee ? verna yeah , sneer at he like everyone else . just because he 's different . people think he 's a degenerate . people think he 's scum . well he 's not . Tom poor misunderstand bernie . verna swivel around to stare quizzically at Tom . verna . . . what be this about ? you want I to stop see Leo . . . why do not you just say so ? Tom I want you to quit spin Leo in circle and point he where to go . verna I forget -- that 's you job , be not it ? Tom I will do what I have to to protect Leo . I be ask you -- politely , for I -- to leave he alone . I do not have to ask . if I tell he about we little dance last night , you pull would dry up pretty fast . now verna be irritate : verna so would yours . I do not like be threaten . Tom I do not like be play for a sucker . that game might work with Leo but it will not work with I . verna you think last night be just more campaigning for my brother ? Tom I can see the angle . . . he grab she by the arm and drag she roughly to she foot . . . . and I know if there be a market for little old lady , you would have grandma bernheim first on line . verna ( struggle to get out of he grasp ) you be a pathetic rumhead . Tom and I love you , angel . Tom take she hat off , toss it onto the chair , and kiss she roughly on the lip . verna break away and sock he on the jaw . Tom stagger back , upsetting a table of toiletry and landing against a banquette . he throw he empty whiskey glass at verna . she duck and it smashes into the mirror . they stand stare at each other for a beat , breathe hard . Tom have a smear of lipstick near one side of he mouth . finally : verna . . . . I suppose you think you have raise hell . she pick up she steal and head for the door . Tom stand stare at she back , sway , ever so slightly . Tom sister , when T have raise hell you will know it . 16 . CUT to : int tom' apartment a wide shot , face the semi-circular window , the door of the apartment behind we . a large easy chair in the middle foreground face away from we : a smaller chair be at the window end of the room , face we . at the cut we hear the ringing of the telephone . offsccreen we can hear the unhurry scrape of a key in the lock , then the door open , then the door close . Tom 's back enter frame as he stroll into the room and then disappear briefly through a open doorway to the right . we hear a icebox door open and close , and then Tom reenter again , still not reacting to the insis - tently ringing phone . he be now hold a ball - up towel . he walk over to the face chair at the window end of the room , shrug off he overcoat , drape it on the chair , sit , cross he leg , take off he hat , toss it onto the upraise toe of he cross leg , tilt he head back , and press the towel against he forehead -- apparently it be a icepack . we be beginning to track slowly towards he . after a beat he take out a cigarette , light it , and reach back for the phone that refuse to stop ringing . Tom yeah . . . he casually look forward , just off to one side , at a specific point in space . he do not react to whatever he be hearing . . . . I need a couple day . . . because I do not have it now . . . we be almost in close shot now . his gaze be still fix and emotionless . . . . because I say so . . . what would be good enough ?. . . well , if it will make he feel any better , tell lazarre he can send someone by to break my leg . I will not squawk . he prong the earpiece , still look off . the track have stop in close shot . he exhales a stream of smoke , then after a beat : . . . ' lo , bernie . reverse slouch in a chair , in the corner of the room , face Tom , be bernie bernheim . he be about thirty and wear he overcoat and hat and a good - nature smile . he hold a apple in one hand and a pare knife in the other . the long peel of the apple corkscrews down off the knife . bernie ' lo , Tom . what 's the rumpus ? Tom c'mon in , make yourself at home . bernie yeah , you be not here so I think I would do that . do not wanna answer the phone , though . figure it be not for I . Tom uh-huh . after a silent beat , bernie chuckle . bernie . . . I get it , get to the point , huh ? okay . the point be : I be a good guy . Tom I have hear that from a lot of people today . bernie slice off a apple section and hold it out to Tom , who shake he head . bernie good guy , lot of friend -- that 's the way it work . maybe if you appreciate I a little more , you would not be make wave with Leo . he pop the slice in he mouth . it 's a bad time to be do that . I mean , right now we be both in a jam . I hear you be on a bad streak , short of fund , and I have get that psychotic guinea mad at I . do not ask I why ; I be just a small - timer try to get by , like everyone else . I need help from my friend . like Leo . and you . Tom Leo get you sister , what be you sell I ? bernie c'mon Tom , its not like that at all . be not my idea . she will sleep with anyone , you know that . she 's even try to teach I a thing or two about bed artistry . can you believe that -- my own sister ! some crackpot idea about save I from my friend . . . bernie laugh pleasantly . she 's a sick twist all right . I guess some guy like that . Tom she speak highly of you . bernie shrug . bernie yeah , well , you stick by you family . the point be , I can help you with you debt if that would make we friend . my motto be , a guy can not have too many . Big payday Saturday , Tom . you could be in on it . for the first time , Tom be interested . Tom another fix ? which fight ? bernie well that 's confidential at the moment . but it do not have to stay that way . Tom give bernie a speculative eye . Tom how d' you know about it ? caspar be not lay any more bet with you . bernie mm. Tom give a humorless smile . Tom . . . you must really have mink jump through hoop . bernie be get to he foot wiping the knife blade on he coat . bernie like I say , you can not have too many . he pause at the open door , look up and down the hall and turn to look at Tom . . . . we get a deal ? Tom . . . I will think about it . on he way out : bernie I would not want it any other way . on the click of the door latch we cut to : 17 . STREET day pull Tom along the sidewalk . Tom cud . . . he be call out to a short rail - like man loung against a building who join he as he walk . cud have small sharp feature except for one cheek , which be hugely distend by a wad of chew tobacco . . . . my credit still good with you ? cud give a so-so flutter of he hand . . . . give I a hundred across on tailor maid in the third tonight . cud shake he head . cud lazarre will not like it . Tom try fifty across . cud shrug . cud I will try . that will make another one - fifty you owe he . Tom only if I lose , cud . cud Tommy , the way you be goin ' - - horse get knee ? Tom I dunno . fetlock . cud well the way you be goin ' , if I be a horse I would be down on my fetlock prayin ' you do not bet on I . another man , a huge man , have walk up to flank Tom 's other side . this be frankie . frankie drift , small guy . cud Drop dead , ape . frankie c'mon Tom , my boss want to see you . he do not have time to engrave nothin ' formal . cud start to fade away . cud I will see you later , Tommy . I gotta go spit . 18 . int room it be a large room with a couple of card table , straight - back chair , a ratty sofa - - a sparsely furnish card room off the main floor of a club . at the cut we be tracking behind Tom into the room as frankie and tic-tac , a small ferret - face - man , escort he in . we hear a woman 's voice speak rapid-fire italian . bluepoint be sit on the couch , wear he overcoat and he hat push back a he forehead . sitting at one of the card table be caspar . with he be he wife , a short , very round italian woman , and he son , johnny Jr. johnny Jr. , about five year old , be also very round . he wear a suit with short pants that reveal dimple knee . bluepoint , a the couch , be watch the domestic scene without any particular warmth . caspar whaddya mean he 's eatin ' too much ? whadduz the goddamn doctor know ? he turn to the little boy . . . . what you eat for lunch ? johnny Jr. a hot dog . caspar just a hot dog ? the boy shake he head . johnny Jr. a hot dog and mustard . caspar throw he head back and roar with laughter . caspar a hot dog with mustard ! a hot dog with mustard ! you hear that , bluepoint ! the kid as smart as a whip ! even uncle bluepoint think that 's funny . bluenpoint 's face be a solem mask . . . . whadduz the goddamn doctor know ! caspar wipe away tear of mirth and dig in he pocket with he leave hand . extend two close fist towards the boy : . . . g'head , which hand be the penny in ? the boy touch he right fist . . . . choose again . the boy just look at he . . . . okay , here ya go . take the penny . shiny new penny . to he wife . . . . take the kid . wait in the car . give be a penny , boy . tic-tac and frankie dig in they pocket for change as the boy and he mother cross to the door . frankie I be not get a penny , boss . caspar have turn he attention to a check book that lie on the table in front of he . as he write : caspar ah , well , that 's a penny ya owe he . ' lo Tom , what 's the rumpus ? you like kid ? Tom no . absently : caspar uh-huh . have a seat . g'ahead . he tear out the check . . . . well , you be missin ' out on a complete life . I know , kid , big deal , but still , I be tellin ' ya . he blow on the check . . . . anyway . . . thanks for comin ' by . I just write this check out to you bookmaker , lazarre . it 's for a even fifteen hundred , which be more than I hear you owe he but I figure you can always use some money on the cuff , a high roller such as yaself whaddya say ? Tom . . . thanks . caspar laugh . caspar always the yapper , huh ? well , you be welcome . you wanna know why I be put you square with lazarre ? Tom not particularly . caspar bad feel . it be not a good thing . it 's a poison , kid . I want everybody to be friend . I do this , you be friend with lazarre , he 's friend with you , and you be friend with I . and all you gotta do , show you be a friend , be to give I bernie bernheim . you know it 's the right thing anyway ; I can not keep any discipline if I can not punish the people I need to punish . the motzah steal from I , I can not have Leo givin ' he a shiny new penny . . . you find some way to make Leo understand that . Tom so the deal be , I give you the motzah , smooth it over with Leo , and you bail I out with lazarre . caspar yeah , then we be all friend again : you , I , Leo , bluepoint . bluepoint sneer from the couch : bluepoint we can maybe have tea sometime . caspar c'mon , bluepoint . Friends be a mental state . wuddya say , kid ? Tom . . . I will think about it . caspar he will think about it . hear that , bluepoint ? that 's terrific . the kid 's a thinker . bluepoint do he want a pillow for he head ? caspar okay kid , think about it . it 's a mental state . but make it quick , my family 's waitin ' . Tom I will think about it and tell you later . bluepoint he need to think in the think room . caspar shake he head sadly . caspar kid , if it will help you think , you should know that if you do not do this you will not be in any shape to walk outa here . Tom consider this . Tom . . . would that be physically , or just a mental state ? caspar stare at he for a beat , then slowly start to tear up the check . caspar . . . that be not friendly , kid . I make you a nice offer , I get the high hat . he get up and walk over to the door . tic-tac open it for he and precede he out . before follow caspar out the door , bluepoint grin at Tom . bluepoint too bad for you , smart guy . he leave , shutting the door . the room be quiet . Tom look at frankie , the large man , who look back . frankie stand , take off he suit coat , and hang it carefully on a rack by the door . he approach Tom . Tom hold it . frankie comply . Tom be stand and shrugging off he coat . he fold it neatly and turn to lay it on the chair he be in . when he turn around again he be hold the chair and he smashes it into frankie 's face . frankie stagger back but do not drop . he reach up to he nose and he hand come away bloody . frankie . . . Jesus , Tom . Tom still hold the chair . frankie look at he for a moment , then walk over to the door , open it , and leave , shutting it behind he . the room be very quiet . Tom stand face the door , still hold the chair . after a beat or two , he start to put it down . the door open and he quickly raise the chair again . tic-tac , the little man with the hawk nose , be stride into the room , briskly approach Tom . frankie , the gorilla , follow cautiously . tic-tac block ton 's swing of the chair with he forearm , wrap both arm around it and pull it awav from Tom . as frankie circle Tom , tic-tac toss the chair across the room . frankie , now behind Tom , wallop he in the small of the back . the blow send he staggering towards tic-tac , who crack he in the jaw . frankie grab Tom 's hair and yank he head back as tic-tac work on he midsection . Tom 's hand be reach back to grope for frankie . still hold he hair with one hand , frankie cuff Tom awkwardly on the side of the head . Tom stagger around and tic-tac , now behind he , also hit he on the side of the head . Tom go down . his head hit the floor with a thunk . we be on a low angle a the floor . behind Tom 's head , in the background , we see the door to the room . the door splinter in with a loud crash . frankie 's foot be walk up alongside Tom 's head , as blue uniform stream into the room . frankie just in the nick of time , huh ? he bring he foot back to deliver a walloping kick to the back of Tom 's head . on the impact we cut to : black over black we hear the sound of run water . 19 . fade in : tom gasp for air as he head be pull out from under a run faucet . the uniform policeman who be hold he there and be now pull he back up , grin at he . cop no harm do . unless you friend break he foot . Tom be still woozy . Tom . . . wuzzit . . . how long . . . what day be it ? cop Friday , 12th of September , 1929 . same as when you leave we , about ten second ago . . . he be lead Tom by the arm out of the cramped bathroom , back into the card room where he be beat up . another cop have frankie cuffed in a straightback chair and be take roundhouse swing at he . he pause , breathe heavily . second cop . . . ' lo , Tom . Care to skin a knuckle a you playmate here ? Tom no. . . thanks , delahanty . . . as Tom and the first cop leave the card room : second cop well if you change you mind , we will be inter - rogatin ' for a while . . . Tom and he escort be emerge onto the casino floor . first cop what be that party about , anyway ? Tom we do this every weekend . Blue uniform be everywhere . some be escort tuxedoe patron and employee to the exit ; some wield axe on the game equipment ; other be use nightstick to smash the bottle behind the bar . Tom wince at this and light a cigarette . Tom Jesus . . . he take a battle and glass from a table as they walk by . . . . what the hell be the matter with you people ? first cop well , they say make it hurt . . . so we make it hurt . 22 . ext the build we see that the building 's facade claim to be sabbatini' antique and collectible . Tom weave across the street with he battle and glass towards o'gar , the police chief , lean against a squad car , chew a toothpick . he be watch morosely as he man load other man into paddywagon ; the street be clogge with police vehicle . Tom drink , o'gar ? o'gar do not bother to look at Tom as they talk ; he be unhappily watch the spectacle . o' gar I be a duty . Tom pour himself a glass . Tom to volstead . . . he toss back a shot . . . . any news on rug ? o' gar still dead , far as I know . Tom get a slug out of he ? o' gar yeah , a .22 . listen , Tom , I be just the chief around here , so do not bother tell I if you do not happen to feel like it , but what the hell be Leo do ? Tom our be not to reason why , friend . o' gar ball . look at this mess . make he listen to you , Tom . it be not right , all this fuss over one sheeny . let caspar have bernie -- Jesus , what 's one Hebrew more or less ? he nod at the building . . . . we be burn we mealticket here . Tom Leo will do what suit he , and you will do what he tell you . last I hear Leo 's still run this town . o' gar he will not be for long if this keep up . it 's no good for anyone -- you say as much yourself . Tom first off , o'gar , I can say what I please to Leo and about he . . . he tap he on the chest . . . . you can not . second , once Leo decide -- that 's that . and if that stick go down , there be plenty of other copper would not mind be chief , and could swallow it clean . o' gar look chasten . o' gar Jesus , Tom , I be just speculatin ' about a hypothesis . I know I do not know nothin' . it 's just a damn mess be all -- he be interrupt by gunfire from a upper story of the face building . o'gar 's man react , find cover , return the fire . o'gar unholster he gun as he and Tom scramble for cover . . . . a goddamn mess . 23 . hallway we be shoot over Tom 's shoulder as he knock at the door to verna 's apartment . after a beat , verna open the door . on see who it be she start to swing the door shut . Tom put he toe in the doorway and lean into the door . as he push he way in : Tom thanks , do not mind if I do . 24 . int apartment as verna give up and Tom enter . verna walk over to the phone . as she dial , Tom toss he hat onto a chair and check the apartment to see if they be alone . verna hello , officer , I would like to report a intruder at 346 West -- Tom grab the phone away from she . Tom who 's this ?. . . ' lo , shad , Tom duchaisne here . we will not be need any today . . . that 's right , my mother . she do not recognize I . lemme talk to mulvaney . he take a flask out of he packet and look across the room towards verna . . . . miss I ? verna Drop dead . we hear a voice bark through the line and Tom turn back to the phone . Tom . . . ' lo Sean , tell o'car to send a car over to Leo 's tonight . if we be go to be bang away at caspar we ought to be ready for he to bang back . . . yeah . he hang up the phone and tip the flask back , drain the last drop . verna what do you want ? Tom be crossing to the bar . Tom I be in the neighborhood , feel a little daffy . think I would drop in for a apperitif . he pour himself a drink . . . . rug Daniels be dead . verna gee , that 's tough . Tom do not get hysterical . I have have enough excitement for one nigit without a dame go all weepy on I . verna I barely know the gentleman . Tom rug ? bit of a shakedown artist . not above the occasional grift , but you would understand that . all in all not a bad guy , if look , brain and personality do not count . verna you better hope they do not . he give she a sick grin . Tom . . . yeah well , we be none of we the saint I hear you brother be . verna who kill he ? Tom Leo think caspar do . verna but you know better . Tom I do now . caspar just try to buy I into settling he tiff with Leo , which hold hardly do if he be wage war . so I figure you kill he , angel . you or Saint Bernard . verna why would I - - or my brother - - kill rug Daniels or anybody else ? Tom rug be follow you . he know about you and I . that would not help you play with Leo , would it ? he look at she . she hold he gaze . verna you think I murder someone . come on , Tom , you know I a little . Tom nobody know anybody -- not that well . verna you know or you would not be here . Tom not at all , sugar . I come to hear you side of the story -- how horrible rug be , how he goad you into it , how he try to shake you down -- verna that 's not why you come either . Tom shrug . Tom tell I why I come . verna look at he . verna the oldest reason there be . Tom there be friendlier place to drink . verna why can not you admit it ? Tom admit what ? verna admit you do not like I see Lee because you be jealous . admit it be not all cool calculation with you -- that you have get a heart - - even if it 's small and feeble and you can not remember the last time you use it . Tom if I would know we be go to cast we feeling into word I would have memorize the song of Solomon . verna smile . verna . . . maybe that 's why I like you , Tom . I have never meet anyone make be a sonofabitch such a point of pride . she turn to walk across the room . . . . though one day you will pay a crice for it . Tom grab she wrist . Tom okay , verna . but until then , let 's get stinko . he draw she close . verna . . . let 's do something else first . she reach up , take off he hat , and toss it casually away . we pan with the hat to where it land on the floor , in front of a curtain window . Tom ( off ) yeah . let 's do plenty . 25 . dissolve through to : another window night a live room window , open , its white sheer billow lazily in the draft . faintly , from another room in the house , we can hear a phonograph play John mccormack sing " Danny Boy " . at the cut we hear a thump , close by , and briefly the sound of a struggle . we then hear a breathy , gurgle sound , which quickly subside . the live room be late- night quiet . the shot be a lateral track , which bring we off the window to a end table in the foreground . on the end table be a pouch of bull Durham , a package of roll papers , a cup of coffee with steaming rise off of it , and a section of a newspaper . the draft gently lift a couple roll papers off the table . the continue track take we off the end table and , booming down , show we a upset chair and the leg of the man who occupy it . we track along the man 's body to discover that he be face - down on the section of newspaper he be read , blood ooze out of he slit throat onto the newspaper . the continue track show that , between the finger of one outflung hand , a cigarette burn . it be rest on the newspaper . we see the foot of another man who be turn and walk away from the man on the floor , into the background . we pan over to watch he recede , frame out all of the die man except he outflung hand and cigarette . as the walk man recede , more and more of he topcoate body crop in . by the time he reach the house 's front door , in the deep background , we can see he full figure . the newspaper in the foreground be crackle into flame . the rug it rest on be beginning to smoke and discolor . as the man in the background open the front door we jump in : over he shoulder wait in the darkness just outside be another man in a topcoat and fedora . he be hold two tommy gun . the man do not exchange word . the man outside hand he partner a tommy gun and follow he as he walk back into the house . still faint , we continue to hear " Danny Boy " . we also hear the lick of flame . 26 . a victrola the song be louder at the cut . we be in a upstairs bedroom . leo stretched out a he bed , wear a robe over he pyjamas , smoking a cigar , listen -- but only to the phonograph . its sound cover any other noise in the house . 27 . stairway a close track on the two pair of foot climb the stair . we see only the foot , the sway hem of the topcoat and , occasionally dip into frame , the muzzle of the two tommy gun . 26 . bedroom Leo , be motionless , look down , a puzzle expression . he Pov the floor . thin smoke be beginning to sift up through the floorboard . 28 . stairway track on the approach foot . the song grow louder . 26 . bedroom Leo , look , slowly take the cigar from he mouth . bedroom door from inside as -- crash -- it be kick in . leo hitting the floor and roll under the bed . the two gunmen stride into the room . leo on he belly under the bed , face the door , swinging a handgun in front of he . he Pov from floor level , the bottom of the mattress above we , the floorboard stretch away . the bed crop the two gunman mid-shin as they swing they gun up , fire . rat -tat-tat -tat -- the hem of they coat sway as they fire . the floorboard in front of we be pock by bullet hit that walk across the floor towards the bed and hit the mattress . the mattress above we dance under the gunfire as tick spray down at the floor . smoke curl up throuch the floorboard . leo jaw clamp on he cigar , he start fire . he Pov blood spurt as one gunman take a hit in the ankle . he stagger and he tommy gun clatter to the floor . leo still fire . he Pov the other gunman be ducking out the door . the injure gunman pitch forward , head towards we , he hat roll off . leo firing . he Pov a bullet hit in the top of the fall man 's head . leo Rolling out from under the bed . he stoops to pick up the dead man 's tommy gun . thick smoke seep up through the floor . the phonograph play . Leo duck through another door . 28 . hallway facing down the length of the dark hallway , towards the mouth of the stair . as Leo leap across frame in the foreground , to enter a face room , muzzle flash erupt at the end of the hall -- where the other gunman have be wait in the darkness . 29 . second room Leo throw open a window . 30 . ext as Leo roll out onto the long sloping eave of a front porch . his gun skate down the eave and fall . Leo grab the rain gutter , hang by he hand and drop down to the front lawn . the first floor of the house be in flame . from a high angle the camera swoops down on Leo as he pick up the gun and back away from the house , look up at the second story . his open robe flap in the breeze . the dead cigar be still clamp between he tooth . leo' Pov the second floor window that he just emerge from . staccato gunfire erupt in the dark room . the strobing gunfire make a strobing shadow of the gunman , whose back be to we as he rake the room with fire . leo firing , the gun jump and buck in he hand . 29 . inside the room the gunman , riddled with bullet and shower with break glass , spin around , he thompson still fire uncontrol - lably . bullet dance across the wall and ceiling , blast out the remain glass and sing harmlessly into the tree outside . back to leo as we hear the screech of skid tire . a black coupe take a curve on the street behind he , machine gun fire spitting out of the back window . Leo turn , in the glow of the fan flame , walk calmly into the street , fire at the receed car . on the car grow smaller , still snit fire and lead . pulling leo still walk calmly up the street , the gun still buck in he hand . bullet whistle by and claw up the pavement around he . behind leo his robe whip back in the breeze . he fire again and we hear the distant sound of shatter glass . the car weave , run up off the road , hit a tree and burst into flame . a figure emerge from the car and stagger off into the darkness . he be on fire . close on leo as he stop , squinting , raise the gun . he Pov the burn gunman zig - zag into the darkness . back to leo a faint smile curl around the cigar . he drop the muzzle of the gun . Leo huhh . . . the shell of the car explode in a fireball as we : 31 . CUT to : upstair hallway shenandoah club the explosion echoe over the cut as we track up the hallway behind Tom and a tall cadaverous man with pre- maturely white hair . this be Dead Terry mcgill . gunmen of every description line the hallway , loung against the wall , barely acknowledge the two man . Tom who 's win ? Terry we be , for the nonce . Tom what 's the disposish ? Terry last night ? four to one . dana cudahy go up with the house . Tom and theirs ? Terry one burn . Tom the other three ? Terry lead . Tom whose ? Terry Leo 's . he be open the door to admit Tom . in a low , gravelly voice : . . . the old man 's still a artist with a thompson . 32 . int leo' office as Tom enter . Leo be bellow into the phone : Leo -- well find he , goddamnit ! go see if he fall in the john ! and get he , over here ! he slam down the phone . . . . sonofabitch ! no chief ! who 's run the goddamn store ? Tom go to the bar to pour himself a drink . Tom can not raise o'gar ? Leo no , nor the mayor either . Tom hmm . he take a sip . . . . that 's not good . they be run . Leo they would not dare . Tom I do not know , Leo . I warn you not to hit caspar 's club -- Leo I be still here , be not I ? Tom caspar 's play hurt you anyway . Leo hah ! that sorry sonofabitch just slit he own throat . he just make I decide to step on he -- Tom listen to I Leo . last night make you look vulnerable . you do not hold elect office in this town . you run it because people think you run it . once they stop think it , you stop run it . Leo Jesus , Tom , sound like a bad break for I I be not kill . Tom I mean it , Leo . start take caspar seriously . Leo do not sing I the blue again , Tommy . I need you help . he shoot , we gotta answer -- Tom that 's what get you in this mess . Leo I know , I know . retreat to win . give up bernie . that will solve all we problem . Tom it will not anymore , I will grant that . now its either you or caspar . but go toe- to - toe with a psychopath will get you nowhere . it will force everyone to choose side just when you be look shaky . Leo the hell I do ! Tom then where 's the mayor ? why be not there any police here ? why be not there police at you place last night ? Leo I do not ask for any . Tom I do . Leo chuckle . Leo mother hen , huh ? what 's the matter , Tommy , you think I can not take care of myself ? Tom I know you can not . here 's the smart play , Leo : you lay back , give up bernie , let caspar think he 's make he point . wait for he to show you a weakness -- Leo please , tom. . . Tom stare at he . Tom you be stick on bernie . stick you neck out for a guy who would chop you off at the heel if there be two bit in it . Leo lean back in he chair , put he foot up , and gaze out the window . Leo . . . Tom , it be not all as clear - cut as you make it . . . bernie 's -- well hell , you know about I and verna . . . thing now be -- not that I have not be a gentleman , but . . . I , uh . . . I plan to ask she to marry I , Tom . there be a long , awkward silence . Leo avoid Tom 's look but finally respond to the silence : . . . I guess you think that 's a bonehead play . Tom do you think she want you to ? Leo how the hell do I know , Tom ?. . . I think she do . . . yeah , ' course she do . I know , I know , you think different but -- well , we just differ on that . Tom Leo . Tom take a deep breath , and exhales . . . . caspar do not kill rug. absently : Leo course he do . Tom no . think about it . just this one time . who be rug follow ? this get Leo 's attention . he turn to look at Tom . Leo . . . huh ? Tom it need not have be that sinister . a strange man , follow she down a dark alley , late at night . . . I have tell you , Leo , she can take care of herself . Leo stare at Tom . he seem somewhat daze . Leo . . . Tom , why be you say that ? Christ , Tom . I just tell you , I plan to . . . Tom they pull a .22 slug out of he . a pop gun , Leo - - a woman 's gun . Leo . . . that 's a whiskey dream . verna would not panic -- shoot someone -- just because he be follow she . he gaze off again , shaking he head . . . . no. . . it would not have happen that way in the first place , and if it have she would have tell I . . . I know you do not like she , Tom , but I trust verna as much as I trust you . Tom on she account you will burn the town down . Leo do not worry , Tom . we will still be stand when the smoke clear . Tom 's tone be gentle : Tom okay Leo . then maybe it be not that innocent . maybe rug know something she do not like he know , and would not want you to know . he be follow she . he know who she be see . he know where she be sleep , and who with . . . Leo have take he foot off the sill and have turn back to face Tom . he study he carefully . Leo maybe do not make it so . Tom 's suddenly very earnest , almost beseech . Tom they be more than maybe . you have trust I before , and never lose anything by it . trust I on this . Leo this be too important . Tom I do not ask much , and I do not ask often . trist I on this . Leo Tommy -- Tom trust I on this or the hell with you . Leo you do not mean that . Tom . . . she be at my place . the night rug be follow she ; the night you drop by . Leo be still stare impassively at Tom . Tom do not flinch from he gaze . after a long beat Leo get up slowly from he chair , walk over to the window , shove he hand in he pocket and gaze out . for a moment Tom look at Leo 's motionless back , but he have nothing leave to say . he rise , pluck he hat from the desk and go to the door . before exite , he look back . Leo , in long shot , be still gaze out the window . Tom exit . 33 . hallway pull Tom up the hall . behind he we can see the door to Leo 's office open and Leo come out . he stride up the hall after Tom . Tom turn as Leo reach he . Leo , without break stride , seem to walk right into he , throw a punch that catch Tom on the chin and send he stumbling back , he hat fly off . the man 1ine the hall watch with casual interest . Tom stagger into one of the man who catch he . another man have pick up Tom 's hat and now hand it to he . the first man shove Tom back into the middle of the hall just in time for the approach Leo to land another punch against he jaw . 34 . this blow send Tom roll down the staircase , still clutching he hat . Leo be clomping down the stair ; he army of private retainer clomp down behind he . in he shirtsleeve and chomping a unlit cigar , Leo look like a labor leader take the rank and file to the barricade . Tom claw himself up the wall to he foot . Leo have reach the floor and still without break stride uppercut Tom with a blow that straighten he up and send he staggering like a drunk into gambler in evening dress and tuxedo . a path clear for Leo and he entourage . he have not slacken he pace , but be also not hurry . Tom weave , watch Leo approach , but make no attempt to defend himself . Leo grab he own wrist with one hand and swing he elbow up to catch Tom with a sharp blow on the side of he face . Tom spin into a scream lady in a sequine evening dress and sink to the floor grab at she bodice and skirt for support . she bat at he with she handbag as he slip down . fat tony emerge from the crowd and help Tom to he foot . he raise he hand to stop Leo . tony okay , Leo . I will throw he out . Leo stop , panting . he be look at Tom , but speak to to tony . Leo . . . yeah . do that . . . it 's the kiss-off . if I never see he again it will be soon enough . 35 . CUT to : tom' apartment Wide shot of he live room , face the window . it be night . Tom sit with he back to we at the window , foot propped up on the sill . he be smoking a cigarette . a full ashtray on a table at he side indicate that he have be sit there for some time . we be slowly tracking in . the telephone sit on the the arm of he chair . after a moment he stub out the cigarette , pick up the phone and dial . Tom . . .' lo frankie its Tom , how 's the flunky business ?. . . I have have worse ; you ventilator heal up ? offsccreen we hear a knock at the door to the apartment . Tom ignore it . . . . tell caspar its already forget . I would like to see he . . . the knock continue . . . . all right , do what you have to do and let I know . he cradle the phone , light another cigarette , take a drag , blow a thoughtful cloud of smoke and turn to face the door . after a beat he rise and leave frame . the door as Tom swing it open . verna stand in the hallway outside . after a wordless beat she move past he into the apartment . Tom turn and follow she . he walk over to he bar , pour two drink , then cross the room to verna who have seat herself , hand she a drink and sit down in a chair face hers . verna . . . it work , whatever you do ; Leo tell I we be quit . but you know I do not have anything to do with rug . Tom maybe not . . . anyway , that be not what sour he on you . the think be bitter but she tone be not : verna oh , you and I , huh ? you always take the long way around to get what you want , do not you Tom . . . . you could have just ask . Tom look at she . Tom . . . what do I want ? verna return he look , then answer evenly : verna me. after a beat Tom , he eye still on verna , bring the glass to he lip and take a sip . the ice cube clink . fade out 36 . fade in : the bedroom Tom sit perch on the edge of the bed , smoking a ciga - rette . verna be in bed behind he . the lamp on the nightstand be burn a faint yellow . the telephone ring . as Tom reach for it , verna stir behind he . Tom yeah ? he reach over to switch off the light ; when he do the room remain illuminate by dull gray light ; it be dawn . . . . yeah yeah , when ?. . . okay . he hang up , and continue to smoke , stare absently off . verna . . . you be still up ? Tom answer without turn to face she : Tom yeah . verna . . . what be you chew over ? Tom . . . remember something . . . verna what be it ? Tom turn to look at she , then turn back and look out the window . Tom just a dream . I be walk in the wood , do not know why . . . the wind come up and blow my hat off . . . verna and you chase it , right ? you run and run and finally you catch up to it and pick it up but it be not a hat anymore . it have change into something else -- something wonderful . Tom no . it stay a hat . and no I do not chase it . I watch it blow away . . . he take a drag a the cigarette . . . . nothing more foolish than a man chase he hat . Tom rouse himself , rise , and we pan to follow as he pick up a shirt and start buttone it in the bureau mirror . verna where be you go ? Tom out . verna stare at he . verna . . . do not let on more than you have to . Tom shrug . Tom just have to do a few thing . verna you and Leo might still be able to patch thing up . Tom grimace into the mirror . Tom I and Leo be finish . nothing 's go to change that . verna you never know . he 's get a big heart . Tom we be quit -- as far as I be concerned , never mind he . and if Leo do want I back he 's a even bigger sap than I think . verna . . . then why do not we just pick up and leave town ? there 's nothing keep you here . I know there 's nothing keep I . Tom be start to knot a tie . Tom what about bernie ? verna he could come with we . Tom you , I and bernie . where would we go , verna ? Niagara Falls ? verna why do you hate he ? Tom I do not hate anyone . verna or like anyone . Tom whatever . where be bernie ? verna look at he . verna why ? Tom Leo can not protect he anymore . I ought to tell he to skip . verna the Royale . room three - oh-two . she gaze off . . . . I guess we both double - cross Leo , there 's no get around that . I guess he 's well rid of both of we . Tom mm. verna the two of we , we be about bad enough to deserve each other . Tom be we ? verna we be a couple of heel , Tom . yes we be . 37 . pulling tom into a dark office . behind he , frankie , he nose swathed with bandage , be close the door from the outside . caspar ( off ) ' lo , kid . you know o'gar . . . tom' Pov caspar sit behind he desk . bluenoint sit slouched on a couch to one side , wear he hat , he hand jamme into the pocket of he overcoat . in two chair face the desk , away from we , sit two man who be twist around to smile at Tom . caspar . . . and the mayor . Tom ' lo , boy . Mayor Tom 's a big booster . always have be . caspar s'fine , s'fine . well , Tom and I 's get the proverbial fat to chew -- the mayor and o'gar be already rise to they foot . Mayor well , let we know if you need anything . . . caspar yeah , happy day . have a seat , kid . . . Tom sit into one of the vacate chair face caspar . . . . so you have enough time to think about it ? Tom yeah , well , circumstance have change . caspar do not I know it . last night , I know bluepoint be disappointed the bull show up before frankie and tic-tac could really pin you ear back , but I say , relax , bluepoint , I get a feel about this kid . take the long view . the kid and Leo be gonna go bust -o . if the kid be not ready yet , well , he soon will be . matter of time . I say , the kid 's too smart for Leo . that 's what I say . like a psychic . ask bluepoint if I do not . like a goddamn psychic . g'ahead . ask he . Tom turn to look at bluepoint . Tom you vouch for this psychic business ? from the couch , bluepoint sneer : bluepoint that 's right , smart guy . caspar cheerfully continue , oblivious to any hostility in the room : caspar I know you know protect the motzah be a dumb idea . I know you be wise to all of Leo 's dumb idea lately . only a matter of time . bust -o . he chuckle . . . . that 's why last night we do not put the arm on you . only Leo . Tom see how you squiffed you play on Leo , I can be only so grateful . bluepoint that 's brave , come from Little miss punch bag . caspar c'mon bluepoint . Friends now , huh ? bluepoint nut . caspar smile at Tom . caspar so we get a little jingle . and I figure you know Leo 's on he way out . it 's only a matter of time before we get he . be I right , kid ? Tom maybe . caspar laugh . caspar what maybe . you know or you would not be bust -o . so I guess you be look for a job ? Tom I might be . caspar laugh . caspar you get reference ? you be to college , kid ? we only take yegg what 's be to college . ai not that right , bluepoint ? bluepoint say nothing . his scowl be set in cement . . . . I be jokin ' , of course . we all know you can be useful to we , a smart kid such as yaself , the man who walk behind the man and whisper in he ear . I guess you could be useful , in spade . Tom yeah . I can do plenty for you . but the fact be that right now Leo 's still get all he vital sign and once he hear about this he will be more anxious to get to I than to either of you . caspar I be tellin ' ya not to worry about Leo . we get plan for he . Tom yeah ? what ? bluepoint not so fast there , kaputnik . there be a beat through which caspar continue to smile at Tom . caspar . . . I think what the bluepoint be try to say be , there will be time to talk about that . that can be table for a later date . see , the last time we jaw you give - I the high hat . so I guess I be sayin ' , maybe we want you confidence before we give you ours . you gotta put something ' on the table . ante up . Tom Fair enough . where shall we start . caspar hear that , bluepoint ? all business ! I tell you he be a good kid ! where shall we start ! all business !. . . he rock back in he chair and dry he eye . Tom smile pleasantly . finally caspar sigh . . . . well , we could start for instance with the motzah . . . like where 's the motzah ? you could maybe tell we that . . . Tom the Royale . room three - oh-two . you might find mink with he . bluepoint the hell you say . Tom sure , bernie and mink be as cozy as lice . he turn to look at bluepoint . . . . and it be not just business . caspar look at bluepoint . bluepoint 's eye bare into Tom . bluepoint this guy 's lie . Tom shrug . Tom why would I ? bluepoint this guy 's wrong . this guy 's all wrong . mink be clean and this clown be a smart guy . caspar be still stare at bluepoint , no longer smile . caspar easy enough to find out , be not it ? you find mink , bring he back here . he nod at Tom . . . . you go down to the car . I will send frankie and tic-tac with you to the Royale . if bernie 's there , frankie and tic-tac will take care of he . bluepoint and if he 's not there ? Tom shrug . Tom I will sit face the corner in a funny hat . 38 . CUT to : int car Tom sit behind the wheel of the park car ; we be a he profile . Tom 's face be rigidly set ; we do not know why as we watch he for a short beat . bam -- with a loud impact bernie bernheim 's face be slam against the driver 's window . Tom still face forward . bernie be wail as he be muscle back away from the window by two topcoate torso -- they face above the car window . they muscle bernie out of frame towards the rear of the car and we hear the back door be open . bernie 's voice , off , be near hysteria : bernie frankie , let I go , I be prayin ' to ya , Jesus God - - Tom ! Jesus ! as frankie and tic-tac pile bernie into the back , we continue to hold on Tom 's face . he still do not react . bernie . . . be you part of this ?! you can not be part of this ! I think this guy be gonna whack I ! you gotta talk to them , Tommy ! frankie you gimme a headache , you little sheeny . to Tom : tic-tac okay , we be go to Miller 's cross . Tom still do not react . there be a beat of bernie 's cry . finally : frankie . . . let go ! as Tom reach forward and start the car : bernie you be not part of this ! Tom ! help I ! this guy be gonna whack I ! tic-tac whack you inna mouth you do not shut up . 39 . miller' crossing wide Day . a wood area outside of town . the wind blow . the car pull into frame and stop on the shoulder . the backseat passenger -- frankie , tic-tac and bernie - - emerge ; Tom remain in the driver 's seat . bernie be weep , loudly ; he have lose control . frankie take out a gun and whacks he smartly on the side of he head . the blow send he stumbling over towards tic-tac , who kick he down . the blow have not quelle bernie 's sobbing . tic- tac I do not want you runnin ' anywhere . frankie take a swig from he flask and hand it to tic- tac , who lean in the car window . int car Tom gaze forward , jaw set , eye off the doing outside . as tic- tac hand he gun in through the window : tic-tac okay . take he in the wood and whack he . Tom huh ? I do not . . . tic- tac yeah , that 's right , the boss want you to do it . make sure you be with the good guy . Tom stare dumbly at the gun . tic-tac hold it , grip towards Tom , motionless . after a beat he take the gun . tic-tac you know how to do this , right ? you gotta remember to put one in he brain . you first shot put he down , then you put one in he brain . then he 's dead , then we go home . Tom open he door . wide ext bernie be still on the ground , sobbing , not respond to frankie who prod he with he foot . frankie get up . bernie I can not get up ! I can not get up ! frankie drag he to he foot . frankie get up and walk , you chiselin ' little yid . he push he towards the wood and reach for the whiskey flask . bernie stumble off ; Tom follow he . 40 . track through the wood , pull the two man , bernie in the foreground . Tree limb groan in the wind . bernie be stumbling , he clothes rumple and dirty , he face stain by tear and blood from the gun blow . his shaking voice strain for a tone of reasonableness : bernie . . . Tommy , you can not do this . you do not bump guy . you be not like that animal back there . . . Tom march on , face draw , silent . . . . it 's not right , Tom . they can not make we do this . it 's a wrong situation . they can not make we different people than we be . we be not muscle , Tom . I never kill anybody . I use a little information for a chisel , that 's all . I could not help it , Tom , it 's my nature . somebody hand I a angle , I play it . I do not deserve to die for that ! d' you think I do ? I be just a grifter ! huh , Tom ? still no response from Tom . bernie be fight a lose battle to keep himself from whining . . . . but I will tell you what , I never cross a friend . huh , Tom ? never kill anybody , never cross a friend . nor you , I will bet . we be not like that animal . you can not do this ! you be not like that animal . this be not we ! this be some hop dream ! Tom 's face be a --- ny mask . bernie be lose control again . he start to weep . . . . it 's a dream ! Tommy ! I be praying to you ! I can not die ! I can not die ! out here in the wood ! like a dumb animal ! I can not die ! he turn and sink to he knee , wail , he hand clasped in front of he , stare up at Tom . . . . you can not kill I . I be praying to you ! look in you heart ! I be praying to you ! look in you heart ! Tom stare down at bernie , he face draw and pale . . . . I be praying to you ! look in you heart ! slowly Tom raise the gun and level it at bernie 's head . . . . look in you heart ! look in you -- boom ! the gun blast be deafen . with it , bernie 's sobbing abruptly stop . the shot echoe away in the wood , take the wind with it , leave silence . close bernie still kneel , in shock , stare wide - eye at Tom . finally , whisper : bernie . . . Tommy . Tom shutup . you be dead , get I ? still whisper : bernie I understand . I be dead . God bless you -- Tom shutup . you have to disappear . you have to blow , for good . nobody can see you , nobody can know . bernie God bless you -- Tom go somewhere no one know you . anyone see you , you really be dead , I do not care , you be not my problem any more . bernie of course not . of course not . you have do you share . thank you . do not worry , I understand . thank you -- Tom shutup . just get the hell out , before I change my mind . bernie be already on he foot , and run . close on tom watch bernie go . tracking pull bernie as he run . foreground tree flash by . in the background we see Tom stand , he gun dangle at he side . boom ! -- another gun blast . running , bernie react , but Tom have only fire into the ground . on the echo of the shot we cut to : 41 . wide the road tic-tac and frankie be lean against the car , trading the flask back and forth . in the background , Tom emerge from the wood . frankie put one in he brain ? Tom take a few step more before answer : Tom . . . yeah . frankie attaboy . fade out over black we hear the sound of coin be drop into a phone box . 42 . fade in look down a desert street towards a glow phone booth on a dark corner . Tom stand inside the booth wait , the receiver to he ear . Tom mink ? Tom duchaisne . where have you be ?. . . close on tom Inside the phone booth . . . . well you be lucky , bluepoint 's be look for you . bernie 's dead -- stop wail and listen to I . caspar know you be in on sell out he fix . . . I guess I give he that idea . sorry mink , we be chat and it just slip out . -- shutup and let I talk . you have gotta make yourself miss , but let I know where you hole up . you be gonna say some thing for I . . . some storey . about bluepoint , to caspar - - do not worry , I will let you know . for now just dis - appear . . . yeah , I get you into it . just remember , mink , I be the only one who can get you out . Tom hang up the phone , turn around and open up the glass door . whommmp ! a fist slam into he stomach , drive he back into the phone booth , knock he hat off of he head . the man who hit he lean down , pick up the hat , dust it off and hand it into the booth . it be Dead Terry , the tall cadaverous man we see earlier outside of Leo 's office . a cigarette dangle from he lower lip . behind he a black sedan be park at the curb . Three or four gunman stand on the sidewalk look warily up and down the road . Tom look up , the color drain from he face , and reach feebly out for he hat . Tom ' lo , Terry . get out the vote ? Dead Terry flick he cigarette away and smile . Terry message from Leo . Leo say , if you be smart you will sit this one out -- not that he care one way or the other . Leo say if you be on the wrong side you take you chance , like anyone else . Leo say he give no special favor . that 's all . Tom mm. . . Terry start to turn away . . . . tell Leo he 's not God on the throne , he 's just a cheap mick political boss with no brain and a office that look like a french whore - house . Tom move to exit the booth but Terry lay a hand on he shoulder . Terry one more thing . . . he crack Tom across the chin with a clean leave hook , knock he back into the booth again . Tom rub he chin , look up at Terry . Tom Leo say that too . . . ? as Terry and the gunman get into the car : Terry no , I say that . Cross Leo and next time I will say plenty . we fade out as the door slam and the car roar off . over black we hear : caspar when you be right you be right , but you never say I tell you so . 43 . fade in on Tom , sit into frame in caspar 's office . Tom so what be I right about ? behind he desk , caspar be smile . caspar well , I will tell ya , but first you gotta promise not to say I tell you so . Tom 's eye hold a caspar 's . he be take out a pack of cigarettes . Tom I never say that . and I do not like people who do . caspar mink be robbin ' I right along with the mptzah . Tom . . . what convinced you of that ? caspar mink larouie take a powder . we can not find he . bluepoint 's makin ' excuse for he , but personal - ly , I think you be right . I think mink and bernie be in it together . I think mink hear you would bump the motzah , and light out . the lousy sonofabitch . his eye on caspar , Tom take out a cigarette , light it , take a deep drag . Tom . . . I tell you so . caspar laugh . caspar okay . you get a lip on ya . ats all right . I do not generally care for it , but that 's all right . . . you be a good sport to bump the motzah . I just like to make sure my friend be my friend . so . he throw he hand up . . . . Friends , right ? Tom how d' you know mink skip ? caspar bluepoint can not find he . Tom so he say . caspar stare at Tom . caspar meanin ' what , exactly ? Tom maybe nothing . . . I do not give it much think until now , since a guy will say pretty much anything when he know he number be up , but just before I bump bernie he swore to I that bluepoint and mink be set he up . that they be the one that be sell out you fix . caspar look at Tom . caspar ' Zat so . . . he think for a beat . . . . like you say , a guy will say anything . Tom . . . uh-huh . so why be not bluepoint here ? caspar well . . . he figdet . . . . he do not care for you , kid . maybe it 's only fair to tell you . . . after you leave we , he try to sell I on a double -cross . he say to I , why do not we double - cross you and give you the bump once we get the motzah . but I figure a deal a deal , you be square with I , you bump the motzah , I will hold up my end . question of ethic . everything above board , that 's how I like it , so everybody know who 's a friend and who 's a enemy . . . but bluepoint would not cross I . we go back . Tom uh-huh . . . course , there 's always that wild card when love be involved . . . caspar be stare intently at Tom . after a beat : caspar . . . I know mink be bluepoint 's boy , but I still do not make it that way . Tom mm. well , then there 's nothing to worry about . caspar seem lose in think : caspar yeah . . . we hear the door to the office open offscreen and johnny Jr. run into frame clutching a scroll piece of paper . johnny Jr. poppa ! poppa ! I get a prize from the -- caspar hold he hand up to quiet the youngster , still look at Tom . caspar just a minute . as Tom rise to he foot : . . . course , there 's no reason not to be careful -- johnny Jr. poppa ! poppa ! the sister give I a--unnnh ! cascar have cuffed he sharply on the side of the head . he point at Tom . caspar shaddap ! you take a page outta this guy 's book . a little less you talk and a little more you think ! cascar look at Tom and smile . . . . kid . ya gotta be firm . anyway . you know what I be sayin ' . no reason to worry but no reason not to investigate , neither . if mink be around I want you to find he . he can tell we what 's what . . . ( to johnny Jr. : ) . . . what 's a matter , somebody hit you , what 's a matter , we be not friend anymore ?. . . he pick up johnny Jr. , who be cry softly , and set he in he lap . encourage by the attention , the child start wail . caspar bounce he on he knee and raise he voice over the sob : . . . if you find he , I wanna talk to he alone . that 's how you get the straight dope . man-to - man . just I , mink. . . he pat he jacket where he shoulder holster be . . . . and my friend roscoe . y'understand what I be sayin ' ? Tom take a contemplative drag on he cigarette . Tom . . . it be not complicated . 44 . CUT to : close shot a man' face crunch ! -- be hit by a glove hand . the blow and the man 's grunt echo . close on a newspaper as the noise of fist against flesh continue , echoing , in the background . the newspaper headline read : party boss loose municipal contract . the subhead read : liam ( Leo ) o'bannon remove from City highway Commission ; New construction contract to raffo bros . on tom lean against a pillar in a large bare room with a hardwood floor . he be read the newspaper . we be in a gym . in a ring in the background two boxer be sparring as two or three old man with towel sling over they shoulder and elbow hook over the rope idly watch , and offer occasional bit of half - heart advice . we hear high heel echoing across the floor and verna enter . Tom you should leave town for a few day ; thing be go to heat up here . go out to the pallisade ; I will join you once I be do . verna . . . I can not find bernie . do you find he ? Tom look out at the fighter in the background , avoid verna 's look . Tom . . . yeah . verna be he leave ? Tom he leave . verna where to ? Tom . . . he do not say . you should -- she reach out to touch he hand -- verna thanks . she lean in to embrace he . Tom 's eye drift up to the fighter . 45 . ext the gym peel paint on its blacken - out window read : gleason 's gym. train in the sweet Science . verna be exite the gym in long shot . we pull back to bring bluepoint into frame . he sit in the driver 's seat of a car , watch through he side window as verna recede . quietly : bluepoint what 's he up to ? a offscreen voice , a passenger : Voice I dunno . bluepoint that 's bernie 's sister , be not it ? Voice I dunno . bluepoint think , a short beat . bluepoint what 's he see she for ? Voice I dunno , maybe he 's -- bluepoint shutup . get outta the car . stick with the bighead . bluepoint reach for the ignition , as we hear the car door open . . . . I will see where the twist flop . 46 . CUT to : int speakeasy a hand swing through frame hold the barrel of a gun , smash the butt into a surprised face . with a loud crash the surprised man stumble back into a table and hit the floor . leg and the skirt of a overcoat approach the prostrate , round , middle - age man and start kick he . he roll across the floor try to shield himself from the blow . Voice ( off ) C 'mon , get up . I just wanna talk . another Voice ( off ) yeah , get up . he be not gonna hurt ya . round man he already hurt I ! he break my goddamn nose ! whisper , the man stand over he , have a long scar across he neck . he have a rasp voice : whisper so what ? I have my nose break once . round man I already pay Leo 's man . bert , another enforcer , be down at the end of the bar with Tom . bert you still pay Leo for protection ? be he protec - tin ' you ? as he kick at the little round man : whisper we 's protectin ' you . johnny caspar 's runnin ' thing or maybe you be not hear . in the background whisper continue to hector and kick at the round man as bert and Tom talk in the foreground . Tom so bluepoint have not get a line on Leo yet ? bert not that I know about . he 's be lookin' , but I guess Leo 's be movin ' around and -- hoist this over the bar , will ya ? -- and thingslve be kinda hectic . he be hand Tom a briefcase . as Tom lean over the bar to drop it behind : Tom do I a favor - - let I know if he find anything . bert be pour himself a drink . bert yeah , okay -- whisper , gun draw , call from the back of the bar : whisper I be gonna put this one to sleep , wuddya think bert ? bert shrug into he overcoat . bert yeah , okay . Tom if you kill he he will not be able to think thing over . whisper he do not seem like such a hot thinker . Tom you will think about what you have learn here , will not you louie ? round man you bet , Tom , I will think plenty ! bert shrug . bert ah , what the hell . . . the round man scramble to he foot and run out the back door . whisper put away he gun and saunter over to Tom and bert . as the three man head for the front door : bert . . . if we can not trust a dago , the whole thing 's hopeless anyway . 47 . ext speakeasy as the three man emerge into the afternoon sun . Tom so , be we win ? bert give a so-so flutter of he hand . bert it 's tough . Leo 's still get some tooth leave . his man bushwhack tony campisi last night , slit he throat . whisper yeah ? he die ? bert I say , they slit he throat . whisper so what , genius ? I have my t'roat slit once . Tom sure whisper , but normal people 's brain need oxygen -- boom !-- behind the three man the front of the speakeasy blow -- glass fly , flame lick out . though there be commotion among the passer - by , Tom , bert and whisper do not even turn around to look . bert get the car , will ya whisper ? as whisper trot out into the street : Tom do not tell bluepoint I be ask about he . bert yeah yeah . Tom caspar just want I to check up , make sure he 's do everything he can -- there be a faint but distinct pop sound . Tom look into the street . whisper be staggering around , as if drunk . he turn to face Tom and bert . he lurch toward they . a red stain be blossoming on he chest . the ambient hubbub fade to total silence ; we hear only the crisp staggering scuffle of whisper 's shoe as he stumble into the foreground , look stunne . he drop . a woman scream . noise well up . bert be unhoister he gun , look up . Tom look where bert be look . facing rooftop a man with a distinctive shock of white hair -- Dead Terry mcgill . he put up he gun and start run along the roof . bert start run along the street to keep pace , fire up at the face roof . a police car sire wail , up on two wheel , take a speed turn onto the street . it be speed towards bert . pulling bert running , he be point , and bellow at the car : bert Leo 's man ! up there ! police car cop with gun hang out every window . they start fire . tracking toward bert bert . . . up there ! Leo 's -- a hail of bullet cut he to piece . a limp rag , he hit the road . the police car squeal to a halt in front of he corpse . a sergeant and he man pile out . Tom be saunter over , smoking a cigarette . sergeant ' lo , Tom . chalk one up for the good guy , huh ? Tom yeah , caspar will be thrilled . you just shot one of he ape . sergeant bullshit ! Tom 's attention be draw by something down the street . he Pov about a block away , a man with white hair be crossing the street , from the side where the sniper 's shot come from . sergeant ( off ) I be tellin ' you that 's two - toe Jackson ! he 's Leo 's ! back to tom as he start to leave . Tom it 's bert sachetti , caspar 's bang -man . behind he the sergeant bellow at another cop : sergeant bullshit ! take he shoe off . Count he goddamn toe ! 48 . int diner Dead Terry mcgill sit at a stool look angrily down at a cup of coffee . Tom enter to sit next to he . through the window behind they , we can see people run back and forth on the street , a fire engine racing past -- furious activity , its noise mute inside the diner . Tom ' lo , Terry . you be not aim at I , be you ? Terry do not even look over at he . sullenly : Terry in the first place , I do not know what you be talk about . in the second place , if I have be aim at you I would have hit you . in the third place , I do not know what you be talk about in the first place . he toss some coin onto the counter and get up . we hold on Tom as Terry talk to Tom 's back : . . . I would like to have , believe I . Leo will not let I -- yet . but I will bring he around . he put a hand on Tom 's stoulder and swivel he around . Terry clenches a fist and draw it back to throw a punch . Tom and Terry look at each other , Tom make no movement to defend himself . after a long beat , Terry uncldnches he fist and sneer : . . . I will not give you the satisfaction . 49 . CUT to : doorknob as--crash --a foot enter to kick it and the door in . int verna' apartment verna be back away from the door -- behind we -- into the apartment . bluepoint stride into frame . bluepoint know who I be ? verna continue to back away ; bluepoint continue to advance . verna yeah , johnny caspar 's shadow . do he stay in bed today ? bluepoint Jesus . I open my mouth , the whole world turn smart . . . he glance around the room . verna be back around the couch . bluepoint continue to follow she . . . . what business d' you have with Tom duchaisne ? verna none . she continue to back away ; bluepoint continue to follow . bluepoint you be Leo 's twist , right ? verna I and Leo be through . she pick up she purse from the sill behind the couch and rummages . bluepoint do not seem to mind . bluepoint yeah ? so you be sluttin ' around with Tom now , huh ? verna have take a gun from she purse ; she level it at bluepoint . verna get outta here . as he continue to stride towards she : bluepoint okay , see ya later . . . his hand shoot out in a flash -- he have grab the gun with one hand , she arm with the other . . . . before I go , what 's you boyfriend up to ? verna be stuggling in he grasp to no effect . verna nothing I know about . bluepoint drag she close , nose to nose : bluepoint yeah ? it do not figure for I , you dump Leo for the guy who put a bullet in you brother . verna stop resisting and stare at he . bluepoint stare back at she , think . . . . do not tell you , huh ? we hear a footstep offscreen . reverse facing the door , from behind bluepoint and verna . bluepoint wheel , swinging she body in front of he as two topcoate man enter , gun draw . both intruder hold fire , they shot block by verna . the gun in bluepoint 's hand bark once . the lead man pitch forward , he gun clatter away . his partner be ducking back out the door . verna still struggle futilely ; bluepoint keep he gun , peek out from behind verna , train on the empty doorway . the man a the floor , still alive , have start claw himself towards he gun , a few pace away . bluepoint ignore he . he stare at the open door . after a silent beat , from the hall : man in Hall . . . let she go , bluepoint , there 's nothing you can do . leave by the fire escape . there 's more of we on the way -- bang -- bluepoint fire . Wood splinter in the door , which shudder back a few more inch towards the wall . the voice from the hall have stop short . after a short silent beat , we hear a gun clatter to the floor outside in the hall . we hear fabric drag across wall , and then see the dead man drop to the floor just outside the door . bluepoint toss verna away and saunter unhurriedly over to the first man , who have almost reach he gun . just as the man 's hand close over it bluepoint , in stride , step onto the hand and gun . most of he weight be on it . head cocked , he look down at the man in front of he . bluepoint . . . you Leo 's ? man yeah . he want she look out for . bluepoint well you do a bang - up job ; I will be sure to tell he . where be Leo ? man . . . if I tell you , how do know you will not kill I ? bluepoint because if you tell I , and I kill you , and you be lie , then I would not get to kill you then . where 's Leo ? the man be sweat . man . . . he 's -- he 's move around . but tomorrow night he 's get he mob together at whiskey Nick 's . bluepoint point he gun at the man 's head . bluepoint you sure ? man check it . it 's gold . bluepeint you know something , yegg ? I believe you . bang . bluepoint straighten up from the body and turn . low and wide on bluepoint one corpse a the floor beside he , the other corpse in the doorway behind he . he absently wrap one hand around the warm barrel of the gun , then bring the hand up to blow against its open palm . bluepoint go ahead and run , sweetie . . . he Pov the window the main zoom be now empty . sheer billow at the window , now open , that let 's out on the fire escape . off : bluepoint . . . I will track down all a you whore . 50 . dissolve through to : window night sheer billow in the breeze . tom sitting up in bed , smoking a cigarette , think . the bedroom be dark . there be a knock at the apartment 's front door . Tom react , but do not immediately rise . the knock be repeat . Tom finally throw the cover off and swing he foot around to the floor . but the knock stop and another sound bring he up short : the person at the door be now play with the lock . Tom sit motionless , listen . after some rattling we hear the lock spring , then the door swinging open , then shut again . we hear footstep cross the main room , and then the squeak of chair spring . silence . Tom rise and walk to the live room doorway . he lean against the jamb . 51 . he Pov the window throw moonlit square onto the floor . we can see only the leg of someone sit in the armchair . Tom ' lo , bernie . come on in , make yourself at home . bernie turn on the lamn on the table at he elbow . he hold a gun casually in he lap . bernie ' lo , Tom . think I would do that , since you do not seem to be in . figure it be a bad idea to wait in the hall , see as I be suppose to be dead . Tom mm. bernie how would you know it be I ? Tom you be the only person I know would knock and break in . bernie you other friend would not break in , huh ? Tom shake he head . Tom my other friend wanna kill I , so they would not knock . he cross to the chair face bernie 's . . . . what 's on you mind , bernie ? bernie thing . . . I guess you must be kind of angry . I be suppose to be go , far away . I guess it seem sort of irresponsible , my be here . . . bernie leave room for a response but Tom be only listen - ing . . . . and I be gonna leave . honest I be . but then I start think . if I stick around , that would not be good for you . and then I start think that . . . that might not be bad for I . Tom still do not answer . . . . I guess you do not see the play you give I . I mean what be I gonna do ? if I leave , I get nothing -- no money , no friend , nothing . if I stay , I get you . anyone find out I be alive -- you be dead , so . . . I get you , Tommy . Tom be silent . . . . what 's the matter , you get nothin ' to crack wise about ? bernie be not so funny anymore ? bernie 's lip be quivering . his voice be softer : . . . I guess I make kinda a fool a myself out there . . . I be shittin ' myself , Tommy . . . you do not tell anyone about that . Tom no. bernie ' course you know about it . . . its . . . it 's a painful memory . and I can not help remember that you put the finger on I , and you take I out there to whack I . . . I know you do not . . . I know you do not shoot I . . . but. . . but -- Tom but what have I do for you lately ? bernie do not smart I . he stare hard at Tom for a moment . . . . see , I wanna watch you squirm . I wanna see you sweat a little . and when you smart I , it ruin it . bernie get to he foot , keep the gun train on Tom . . . . there 's one other thing I want . I wanna see johnny caspar cold and stiff . that 's what you will do for you friend bernie . . . he have open the door to the flat . . . . in the meantime I will stay outa sight . but if caspar be not stiff in a couple of day I start eat in restaurant . the door shut behind he . Tom , heretofore very still , spring from the chair , go to the bedroom and reemerges with a gun . he bolt for the door , instinctively grab he hat off a hook . he be wear only he boxer short , a sleeveless tee-shirt , and the hat jamme onto he head . he throw open the door . 52 . hallway empty . Tom run to the bannister and look down . he Pov a flight down , a hand slide down along the railing . bernie 's trot footstep echo in the stairwell . tom he run back to he apartment . 53 . apartment Tom run across to the open window and clamber out . 54 . FIRE escape Tom trot down . his bare foot ring dully against the steel of the fire escape . he reach the bottom landing , swing over the railing , hang by he hand for one brief moment and then drop . the alley as he bare foot hit the pavement . Tom be a silhouette in the lamplight from the end of the alley . he straighten from he crouch and run . back door of he apartment building -- over Tom 's shoulder as he enter frame . the empty , brightly light hall inside run straight the length of the building to the front door , which be just close . Tom throw open the back door . 55 . hallway as Tom run through toward the front . before reach the door , he fall violently forward . his gun skate away from he across the floor . he start to roll over to look behind he and a crunching blow catch he on the chin , snap he head the rest of the way around and send he flat onto he back . bernie , who have emerge from under the staircase , tower over he . bernie you make I laugh , Tommy . you be gonna catch cold , then you be no good to I . . . he be walk over to Tom 's gun , which he pick up and unload into he hand . . . . what be you gonna do if you catch I , I would just squirt a few and then you would let I go again . he toss Tom the empty gun and walk out . Tom , white - face and shiver , pull himself up to sit lean against the wall . a first - floor apartment door open and a sixty - year - old woman emerge , pull a housecoat tight . she goggle at Tom . woman why Mr. duchaisne ! what on earth . . . Tom try a smile that look idiotic . Tom they take everything . . . long shot the hall cluck sympathetically , the old woman be lean down to help Tom up . as he drape a arm over she shoulder : Tom . . . I fight like hell but there be too many of them . . . fade out 56 . CUT to : close shot plaque set into a exterior wall , identify the shenandoah club . 57 . int club Tom , in he overcoat and hat , be walk up to the bar . Tom ' lo , tony . how 's the club hold up ? behind the bar , tony look sour . tony we be manage to squeak by without you . get lazarre 's money ? Tom no. tony well , you be not suppose to be here since you turn rat . Tom relax , tony , Leo 's not around , be he ? tony maybe Leo 's not the only one do not care for you here . Tom work to keep he smile . Tom . . . fickle , huh tony ? you could almost be a dame . tony pal , you read my mind , you sneak my thought . Jesus , I hope you know what you be do . Tom no more than usual . the last couple day , you book any heavy bet on a long shot at satur - day 's fight ? tony why the hell should I tell you ? Tom shrug . Tom the truth be tony , there 's no reason on earth . stare at Tom , tony blow air through he tooth . he set up a drink for Tom . tony . . . Saturday 's fight . yeah . Drop Johnson park two yard on one yesterday . on sailor reese , a undercard bum . Tom downs the drink in a gulp . Tom Drop Johnson ? he play you book much ? tony you kid ? I do not even know he could count . from offscreen there be a loud crash and , with that , many of the club patron start scream . tony look off and Tom swivel to look . tony oh jesus. . . you bring they with you ? as he shove off from the bar : Tom no. uniform policeman be pour into the club , wield axe . they destroy everything in they path , sweeping the elegantly dress patron before they . Tom wade into the sea of blue and nod at delahanty , the policeman we know from the raid on caspar 's . Tom ' lo , Brian . still fight the good fight ? delahanty ' lo , Tom . neither wind nor rain nor snow . . . Tom that 's just the mailmen . be o'gar here ? delahanty just look for the long face . 58 . ext the club it be just crack dawn . o'gar be lean against a car , face the club , take in the scene as he glumly chew on a toothpick . the street be clogge with police vehicle . Tom approach . Tom ' lo , o'gar . you do not look happy . o' gar look at this mess . gutting the golden calf again . he shake he head . . . . I do not know whether to laugh or cry . Tom yeah , it 's awful confusing . you know a yegg name Drop Johnson ? o' gar we have spanke he a couple time . Tom where do he flop ? o' gar the Terminal Hotel on Bay Street , whenever he 's break - - which be one hundred percent of always . Jesus . . . he react to gunfire from the second story of the club . . . . do not nobody ask I , since I be only the chief around here , but I will tell you my opinion : caspar 's just as crazy as Leo . and a eye- tie into the bargain . as he head off : Tom what 's the matter , o'gar , do not anything ever suit you ? 59 . pulling tom as he walk along a nearby street ; we can still faintly hear the siren and police activity back at the club . a black touring car be tooling up alongside of he . tic- tac lean out the driver 's window . he have welt around he mouth and look like he have be a little rough up . tic- tac hop in , Tom , we be lookin ' for you . still briskly walk : Tom I be busy . tic-tac hop in anyway , as in you be not get no choice . Tom you can not hijack I , tic -tac , we be on the same side now -- or do not you get that far in school ? the car screech over to put a wheel on the sidewalk and block Tom 's way . the back door swing open and frankie emerge to help Tom in . like tic-tac , frankie look a little work over . Tom quickly size up the situation and decide to comply . 60 . int car as Tom sit into the back , next to bluepoint . frankie slide in after he . bluepoint how would you get the fat lip ? the car start move . Tom Old war wound . act up around moron . bluepoint very smart . what be you do at the club ? talk thing over with Leo ? Tom do not think so hard , bluepoint , you might sprain something . bluepoint you be so goddamn smart . except you be not . I get you , smart guy , I know what you be . straight as a corkscrew . Mr. Inside - outsky . like a goddamn bolshevik , pick up you order from yegg Central . you think you be so goddamn smart . he sneer : you join up with caspar . you bump bernie bernheim . down be up . Black be white . well I think you be half - smart . I think you be straight with you frail and queer with johnny caspar . and I think you would sooner join the lady ' League then gun a guy down . his eye narrow at Tom . . . . then I hear that this two geniuse never even see this rub - out take place . defensively : tic-tac the boss just say have he do it , he do not say nothing about -- bluepoint shutup , or maybe you still get too many tooth . tic- tac sulk . bluepoint turn and gaze out the window of the car . . . . everyone 's so goddamn smart . well , we will go to Miller 's cross . and we will see who 's smart . 61 . ext wood it be morning ; the sun be now fully up . bluepoint and Tom walk side - by-side through the wood . frankie and tic-tac walk several step ahead of they , each off to one side , search . frankie be sing a old neapolitan song . bluepoint y'understand if we do not find a stiff out here , we leave a fresh one . Tom walk a little unsteadily . his shoulder be hunch and he hand be jamme into he overcoat packet . he stare woodenly forward . bluepoint laugh softly . . . . where be you friend when you need them , huh ? where 's Leo now ? Tom tramp mechanically on . his eye drift up . he Pov track . a canopy of leave , sprinkle by sunlight . the bough of the tree sough quietly in the wind . we hear the unearthly groan of the tree limb . tom look forward . bluepoint call out : bluepoint hey tic-tac , ever notice how the snappy dialogue dry up once a guy start soiling he union suit ? Tom tramp on . he Pov the back of frankie and tic-tac as they walk on ahead . frankie be still sing . tom he look stupidly at bluepoint . he look ahead . he stop abruptly . bluepoint what ? Tom be still for a moment , then with jerky movement get down on he knee , hug a tree with one arm for support , and vomit . bluepoint watch he , then call out to frankie and tic- tac : . . . okay , there 's nothing out here . he grab Tom 's hat off he head and fling it away . then he plant a foot against Tom 's side and shove he to the ground . close on tom as he face hit the ground . bluepoint 's foot enter ; he plant it a the side of Tom 's neck to keep he pin . tom' Pov skew angle , from the ground . frankie be amble back , sing . bluepoint check the open chamber of he gun . he snap it shut . as he level the gun at Tom : bluepoint think about this , smart guy . tom close he eye . from offscreen : tic- tac uh-oh , hankie time ! frankie he stop sing and turn to look . tom the foot come off he neck . bluepoint look towards tic-tac . tic - tac take a handkerchief out of he breast pocket and bring it to he face as he look at something on the ground in front of he . bluepoint he haul Tom to he foot and push he towards tic-tac . we track behind the two man as they approach tic-tac and frankie enter from the side . we can not yet see what be on the ground in front of he . tic- tac bird be at he . frankie be take out he hankie as he draw near . frankie Jesus Christ . . . he look up at Tom as Tom approach . over Tom and bluepoint 's shoulder , stretch away from we , face - up , be a body . we can not see much of its face ; what we do see be pulp . tic-tac be laugh , incredulously . tic-tac . . . I say put one in he brain , not in he stinking face . . . extreme long shot four very small man in overcoat and fedora , look down at the ground ; they be dwarf by the surround tree . very faintly we can hear : frankie I tell you , bluepoint , we hear two shot . . . quick fade out 62 . CUT to : apartment build door buzzer a beat - up panel in the building 's entryway , list tenant ' name and apartment opposite a row of button . a hand coast along the name and stop at clarence johnson /4c , then move away and press two other buzzer on the fifth floor . after a beat , we hear the front door buzz open . 63 . fourth-floor hallway Tom walk up to 4c , unpockete a gun . he gently try the knob , which turn , and enter . 64 . drop's apartment as Tom enter . Drop Johnson be sit at a table in the live room , which also serve as kitchen and dining room . he be a large man with a thick neck , a low forehead , and rather vacant eye . he be look up at Tom , a spoonful of cereal freeze halfway to he mouth , a fold - back newspaper in he other hand , open to the funnyy . Tom ' lo , Drop . how're the katzenjammers ? uncomfortably : Drop ' lo , Tom . what 's the rumpus ? as he talk , Tom walk casually around the apartment , bump open door , stick he head in each room . Tom have any visitor ? Drop 's head swivel to follow Tom around the room ; aside from that he do not move . he speak cautiously : Drop no. Tom not ever , Drop ? Drop . . . not lately . Tom nod . Tom then you must be happy to see I . Drop do not respond . . . . so you do not see bernie bernheim , before he be show across ? Drop no. Tom . . . see he since ? Drop maintain a sullen silence . Tom be pick up a hat from a clutter on top of a bureau . Tom one last question , Drop . I hear you have get a lot of money on tomorrow 's fight . be that you bet , or do you place it for a friend ? Drop no , uh . . . it 's my bet . I just . . . I have a good feel about that fight . . . Tom 's stroll through the apartment have bring he behind where Drop sit . Tom a good feel , huh . when do the feel return to you head ? Drop . . . huh ? Tom put the hat on top of Drop 's head . Drop 's eye roll up to look at it , but otherwise he still do not move . the hat , too small , sit ludicrously atop he head . Tom start toward the door . Tom you have outgrown that one . must be all the think you have be do . . . he pause with he hand on the knob . . . . tell bernie something 's come up . he have to get in touch . there will be nothing stir till I talk to he . he slam the door . 65 . CUT to : a large window we be look at the ground - floor window from the street . letter stencill on the glass identify the son of erin social club . a topcoate man scurries into frame , knock out a pane with the grip of a gun , and toss a small pipelike device inside . he scurries away and we pan with he across the street to reveal a line of car , police and civilian , park along the far curb . no man be visible except the scurrying man , who take cover behind one of the park car . social club a beat . from inside we hear a pair of trot footstep -- boom ! the window blow out , spitting glass into the street , along with a large dark form . the STREET Glass shower the pavement and a char rag-doll of a body hit hard , face down , and skid a couple foot . smoke wisp from it . the club a lick of flame from the bomb be already die and heavy grey smoke be billow out . the STREET Men start cautiously rise from behind the car . a lot of man . some wear police uniform ; some be civilian . all be armed . the club billow smoke . the STREET the man have straighten up . a policeman call through a bullhorn : policeman all right . anyone leave in there , come on out , grab air . you know the drill . the club after a beat , the front door swing open . a man emerge , one hand in the air , one hold a handkerchief over he mouth . he walk into the middle of the street . one of the civilian behind the car fire . the man take the bullet in the chest and drop to the ground , where he twitches . the man who fire , in the foreground , grin . a ripple of laughter run down the line of man . the club window smoke still pour out . with a rat-a-tat -tat muzzle flash from inside illuminate the smoke . the STREET bullet hit chew up the car and a few of the man ; the other drop back down behind the car and start return fire . the window a forbid black hole in the exterior wall . a second tommy have join the first to pour lead out into the street . 66 . CUT to : reception area track in a a youngish secretary in a severe dress , sit behind a desk . faintly , from a distance , we can still hear gunfire . Secretary ' lo , Tom , where have you be hide ? reverse on Tom . Tom hither and yon . the mayor in ? Secretary with Mr. caspar . Tom be already head for the door . Tom that 's who I be look for . scare up some hootch , will you honey ? Secretary surely . I will announce you . as he open the door : Tom do not bother , I be well like . 67 . int mayor' office a grand , high - ceiling place . Mayor levander sit behind he desk sputtering , he face turn purple . caspar , sit across from he , be also turn purple . sitting to one side be two identical thirty - year- old man , appar - ently twin , mustachice , silent , respectful , mournful , they hand clasped over the hat in they lap , wear stiff new- look suit with old - fashioned collar . Mayor I can not do it , johnny ! I will look ridiculous ! why , it simply be not do ! assistant , maybe -- caspar for a mayor , you do not hear so hot ! I say head ! head of the assessor 's office ! Mayor but there 's two of them ! caspar I can count ! co-head ! Mayor johnny , needless to say , this office will do anything in its power to assist you and you cousin . we do it for Leo , of course , on countless occasion -- caspar damn right -- have every potato eater from County cork a the public tit -- Mayor but there 's a way we do thing , hallow by usage and consecrate by time ! when we put people on the pad , when Leo be run thing , we -- caspar be furious : caspar Leo be not run thing ! I be not innarested in ancient history ! I be run thing now ! Mayor johnny , no one appreciate that more than I ! I can give they job ! I can give they good job ! I can even give they job where thev will not have to perform any work , where they lack of English will be no impediment ! but I cant -- caspar what be this , the high hat ?! the mayor mop he face with a handkerchief and look beseechingly at Tom . Mayor Tom , can you explain it to he ? I can put they in public work but I can not -- Tom you can do whatever the hell caspar tell you . I do not remember all this double - talk when Leo give you a order . the mayor look flabbergasted . Mayor Tom ! Jesus ! Tom stop whimper and do as you be tell . caspar you can start by gettin ' outta here . Mayor but johnny , it 's my office ! caspar get outta here ! take it on the heel and toe , before I whack you one !. . . the mayor retreat and casmar stare at the two man sit to the side . . . . you too , beat it ! the two man look at each other , then back at caspar . first man . . . partiamo ? caspar yeah , go keep the mayor company . I will take care of ya 's later . the immigrant rise and leave the room . caspar take out a handkerchief and wipe he brow . . . . runnin ' thing . it be not all gravy . the secretary enter the office with a bottle of whiskey , a soda siphon and ice . she place it a the mayor 's desk and leave . we can still hear faint gunfire and a occasional booming explosion that rattles the window of the office . Tom what 's the firework ? caspar knockin ' over one of Leo 's club . sonofabitch just will not go belly - up . . . I be sorry , kid . I hear about you little ride this morning . Tom be walk over to pour himself a drink . Tom yeah , well sorry do not fix thing . we could just as easily have miss bernie 's corpse as stumble over it , and I would be dead now . caspar I know , I know . but it do not mean bluepoint 's up to anything . so he hear some rumor bernie be not dead , that storey pop up , people see dillinger in eight state last week . so he hear a story , and he do not like you much anyway , so he decide to check it out -- Tom any storey about bernie be alive , bluepoint 's make up himself . caspar aw , you do not know that . it do not even make sense -- why would he ? Tom stare at caspar for a beat . Tom . . . there could be a damn good reason . . . caspar squint at Tom . . . . if you have get a fix fight come up . do you ? caspar . . . maybe . okay , yeah , sure . tomorrow night , the fix be in . what of it ? Tom bluepoint know about it ? caspar yeah . . . he gaze off . . . . okay , I get it . Tom if bluepoint 's be sell you out on this fight , and mean to again , he will have to be able to point the finger at someone else -- uncomfortably : caspar yeah , yeah , I get it . Tom -- but with bernie dead there be not a hell of a lot of people he can point to . caspar yeah . bluepoint sell I out . make pretend bernie 's still doin ' it . ats real pretty . bernie leak the fix , and you take the fall for supposedly not kill he . . . . he lean back in the mayor 's chair and gaze off , suck he lip in and out as he think . finally : . . . but I dunno , why would bluepoint cross I like that ? money , okay , everybody like money . but somehow it do not seem like he . and I know the bluepoint . Tom nobody know anybody . not that well . caspar shake he head . caspar money do not mean that much to he . Tom shrug . Tom then it 's not just money he 's after . he 's get a wart on he fanny . caspar . . . huh ? Tom a wart . on he fanny . give he the fidget . maybe he 's sick of sit on the couch and maybe behind you desk do not look like a bad place to move to . maybe he figure the money can help move he there . caspar study Tom . caspar . . . kid , you get a lip on ya . he look off again . . . . I do not generally care for it . but you be honest , and that 's something we can not get enough of in this business . . . I will admit , since last we jaw , my stomach 's be seazin ' up on I . bluepoint say we should double - cross you ; you double - cross once , where 's it all end ? a innarest ethical question . I will find Blue - point , talk to he , straighten it out -- Tom laugh bitterly . Tom sure , talk to he . have a chat . ask he whether he 's sell you out . do not take care of he before he make he next move , just sit back and let he make it . you be swimmin ' in it . caspar eye flash . Tom 's tone soften : . . . johnny , my chin 's hang out right along side yours . caspar go slack . caspar yeah . Tom stand up . Tom . . . I would worry a lot less if I think you be worry enough . caspar , miserable , rub he face . from the distant street , we hear another booming explosion . caspar . . . but I be , kid . . . Christ . . . run thing . . . 68 . CUT to : tom' apartment the phone be ringing at the cut . we be look at the window sill upon which the phone sit , with a empty chair face . footstep approach and Tom sit into frame and take the phone . Tom yeah ? through the phone : Voice I get you message . Tom ' lo , bernie , I have a dream about you the other day . we hear bernie laugh . bernie . . . yeah ? a nightmare ? Tom on the contrary ; very sweet . I dreamt you be lie out at Miller 's cross with you face blow off . more laughter . bernie . . . you get a kick out of that ? Tom I be in stitches . it 's mink , be not it ? bernie I come back and he be not happy to see I . can you beat that , Tom ? all he could taik about be how he have to skip , and how much trouble he would be in if anyone find I at he place . Tom some friend . bernie yeah . and you know what a nervous boy he be . I figure , hell , you be a friend . maybe you could use some insurance . Tom that 's you to the gill , bernie : thoughtful . you do not happen to keep he gun , do you ? after a moment 's hesitation : . . . do not mink have a .22 ? bernie held already ditch it . why ? another hesitation : Tom . . . after rug ? bernie yeah . . . how do you know ? down to business : Tom do not matter . listen , bernie , I have be think about we little deal and I have decide you can stick it in you ear . bernie . . . huh ? Tom I figure you do not have anything on I that I do not have on you . as a matter of fact , less , since I have decide to leave town . so I be call you bluff . bernie wait a minute -- Tom shutup and let I talk . I be pull out of here , tomorrow morning . the only thing for you to decide be whether or not I leave behind a message for caspar that you be still around . if you want I to keep my mouth shut , it will cost you some dough . bernie you can not -- Tom I figure a thousand buck be reasonable . so I want two thousand . bernie in a pig 's eye -- Tom this be not a debate , it 's instruction . I be go out for a while ; I will be back here at four this morning . bring I the money . if you be not at my place , four o'clock , with the dough , caspar will be look for you tomorrow . he hang up . 69 . CUT to : hallway we be close on Tom as , in overcoat and hat , he emerge from he apartment and look down at the key in he hand . whap --a fist swing into frame to connect with Tom 's cheek . he fall back . Three topcoate man loom over he . first man get any money ? Tom be massage he face . Tom . . . no. the first man nod at the other two . first man okay . the two man pick Tom off the floor and start to work he over . he do not resist . the first man watch dispassionately . . . . third race tonight . by the finish , tailor maid have a view of the field . he light himself a cigarette . . . . you oughta lay off the pony , Tom . the two man work in silence for a while . Tom too be silent . finally : . . . okay . the two man back away from Tom , breathe heavily . he slide down the wall to the floor . . . . lazarre say he 's sorry about this . it 's just get out of hand . Tom speak thickly , he head propped against the baseboard : Tom . . . yeah . first man he like you , Tom . he say we do not have to break anything . Tom yeah . okay . . . tell he no hard feeling . first man Christ , Tom , he know that . with a jerk of the head the first man signal the other two and the trio turn to leave . first man . . . take care now . 70 . CUT to : doorway : night we be look over Tom 's shoulder as he wait in the rain in front of a large oak doorway with wrought- iron fretwork . at the cut we hear chime die , and the door swing open . there be a grand foyer with a parquet floor , unsittable furniture and a large chandelier . a livery butler look inquiringly out at Tom . Tom Tom duchaisne . butler yes sir . . . he step back . . . . Mr. caspar be in the great room . Tom be hand the butler he hat . Tom swell . can you take this ? int foyer as Tom start to shrug out of he coat , caspar be crossing towards he . caspar kid , what 's the rumpus ? caspar seem as unhappy as last time we see he . Tom I get news . caspar yeah , news at this end too . my stomach 's be seazin ' up on I . Tom mink just tell I that he -- this have wake caspar up : caspar you talk to mink ?! Tom yeah , on the phone . bluepoint want you to think he 's dissappear , so you can not talk to he , but he 's be right here in town . caspar you be sure it be mink ? Tom shrug . Tom see for yourself ; he 's come to my place , four o'clock this morning . have hand the butler he coat and hat , Tom let caspar lead he towards a pair of double door . . . . he 's afraid of a cross from bluepoint . he tell I about the fix . say he will sing for a couple grand skip money , tell we everyone involved . . . 71 . caspar open one of the double door , and we continue tracking behind the two man as they enter the trophy room . the room have the low warm light of a man 's club . outside the dark window the rain sheet down . caspar sit in behind he desk and swivel away to poke morosely with a fire shovel at the blaze in the fireplace . in the foreground , back to we , Tom rest he knuckle a the desk to lean towards caspar . . . . but you better take care of bluepoint right away . mink say if he come after we its go to be tonight . as he look into the fire : caspar Leo 's hole up at whiskey Nick 's dump . Tom be momentarily take aback . Tom . . . how d' you know ? a chuckle come from behind reverse on Tom . in the background , bluepoint be walk over to the door to the room to close it . bluepoint that be not all we know , smart guy . he point with a nod towards the couch . . . . recognize you playmate ? on the couch sit Drop Johnson . Drop 's face look work on , and be bead over with sweat . have shut the door , bluepoint be saunter over to Tom . . . . yeah . you think I would quit . he shake he head . huh -uh . I follow you this afternoon . and I wonder why Einstein would want to talk to a gorilla . . . he be nose to nose with Tom , smile at he . . . . so I grab the gorilla . . . and I beat it out of he . he shrug . . . . give I a big guy , every time . they crack easy . not like you . Tom hold bluepoint 's look . Tom be there a point ? or be you just brush up on you small talk ? bluepoint I like that . cool under fire . I be impressed . very quickly he deliver two slap -- forehand and backhand . Tom 's head rock but he recover to stare back at Blue - point . . . . the gorilla do not know whose stiff we find , but I can fill that in . you kill mink , you sonofabitch . he grab Tom by the lapel , swing he away from the desk , and land a punch on he chin . Tom stumble back . caspar have turn from the fireplace , watch the doing across the room . bluepoint move towards Tom , breathe hard with antici - pate pleasure . . . . come here , bum . I be gonna send you to a deep dark place . and I be gonna have fun do it . bluepoint 's hand snake out and grab Tom by the front of the coat , haul he close . he slap he savagely . . . . it be mink , and by God I will hear you say it ! Tom be this how you teach Drop he story ? in one motion bluepoint 's hand wrap around Tom 's throat choke he off . as the pressure increase , Tom , purpling , sink to he knee . bluepoint I like the way you think . maybe when you be dead I will cut you head off , put it on my mantle -- whang --a shovel blade swing into frame to smash bluepoint in the face . he drop . from somewhere in the room , a scream . bluepoint be on he hand and knee , one hand press over he ruin face , blood pour from between the finger . caspar sonafabitch . . . he stand over bluepoint with the fireplace shovel . . . . if there 's one thing I can not stand , it 's a double - cross artist . I have a feel ' bout this sonofabitch -- he swing the shovel back and deliver a overhand blow to the top of bluepoint 's head . bluepoint drop to the floor , instantly motionless . the scream , however , continue . Drop Johnson , on the couch , he eye wide , he hand spastically squeezing he knee , be look down at bluepoint . Drop 's mouth be stretch wide . he be scream - ing . Tom get slowly to he foot . cascar look at Drop . . . . shut it , you sonofabitch ! he be stride over to he with the shovel . . . . I will give you something to holler about ! Tom intercept he . Tom johnny . it 's okay . bluepoint make he . it 's okay . it 's not important . caspar be panting . caspar then have he shut it ! Drop do . there be a beat . incongruously , caspar 's bellow break the silence : . . . and we do the same to mink ! this very same night ! another silence . the rain . the crackle of the fire . Tom 's tone be soothing : Tom . . . johnny . we can not double - cross he . he want to spill the whole set -up -- caspar stare at he through glaze eye . caspar I have never let a sonofabitch walk ! Tom you have never cross anyone . . . caspar be stare at he . his eye have lose some of they glaze . Tom . . . four o'clock , my place . mink 's come in on he own hook so I promise he the money . do not make I out a liar -- Drop be suddenly scream again . caspar look where Drop be look : bluepoint be raise he head , moan . his face be a mask of blood . one hand grope in he overcoat pocket for he gun . caspar shout over Drop 's howl as he pull something from he desk drawer : caspar . . . lookit this , kid . he stride over to bluepoint . . . . something I try and teach all my boy . . . with the gun point blank against the back of bluepoint 's head , he fire . Tom recoil . . . . always put one inna brain ! 72 . a clock a large wall clock . it be 3:30 . we be pull back and down to reveal that we be inside a diner ; we be isolate on a section of counter on which sit a half - empty cup of coffee and a ashtray half - fill with butt . a hand put some change on the counter and leave frame . 73 . ext diner as Tom push the door open and exit . he tuck he overcoat collar up as he walk ; it be pour rain . Tom turn at the sound of approach heel and recognize verna with some surprise . he glance up and down the street , but it be desert . verna do not seem to much notice the rain . Tom ' lo , verna . what 's the rumpus . coldly , as they walk on together : verna I be just in the neighborhood , feel a little daffy . what be you do ? Tom . . . walk . verna do not let on more than you have to . Tom in the rain . Tom glance at she . . . . what be you do out ? verna bernie 's dead , be not he ? they walk on for a beat , Tom look down at the sidewalk . finally : Tom . . . what make you think that ? verna that 's no answer . Tom again glance around , and escort verna into a dark doorway alcove . it be very small ; they have to crowd into each other to stay out of the rain . Water drop from the brim of Tom 's fedora . he study she for a beat . Tom I can not tell you anything yet . verna nobody care , do they ? his friend do not really like he . Tom shrug . Tom he do not like he friend . verna you be a sonofabitch , Tom . you be someone to talk . you get I to tell you where he be and then you kill he . she be raise a gun into frame : she press it into he stomach . Tom stiffen but continue to stare at she calmly . . . . tell I why . what be in it for you ? Tom nothing for I . verna then why ? Tom . . . give up bernie be the only way I could see to straighten thing out for Leo . verna you say you do not care about Leo . Tom I say we be through . it 's not the same thing . verna look at he . verna I do not understand . I do not care . I do not care what reason you have or think you have . she raise the gun and press its barrel into the under - side of Tom 's chin . Tom stiffen but remain calm . Tom . . . he 's still alive . verna stare at he . verna you expect I to believe you ? Tom . . . no. verna that 's you all over , Tom . a lie and no heart . verna pull back the hammer . there be a long beat . verna 's eve widen , lock a Tom 's . Tom return she look ; he be sympathetic . verna start tremble . Tom 's tone be soft , understanding . it 's the first time we have ever see compassion from he . Tom . . . it be not easy , be it verna ? she abruptly lurch away and stagger a couple of pace onto the sidewalk in the rain . she hug a lamppost for support . she be stare down at the street , still trem - bling . Tom walk up behind she and rest a hand a she shoulder . . . . be you all right ? she do not look around . after a moment : verna . . . I do not know how you do it . she shrug off he hand and stumble off down the street . Tom watch she dissappear into the rain . 74 . CUT to : tree limb night , but sometime later -- it have stop raining . the branch groan in the wind . as they sway , streetlight glitter off the leave , still wet with rain .. we be booming down to reveal that we be in front of Tom 's building , its window dark . during the boom we hear the rumble of a approach car and the hiss of its tire on wet asphalt . the boom down end as the car pull into frame to stop at the curb with the camera frame on the driver 's window . the driver have a small bandage on he leave cheek . we hear caspar 's voice as we hear he get out the back : caspar ya put the razor in cold water , not hot --' cause metal do what in cold ? Driver I dunno , johnny . we hear the back door slam and caspar appear in the front passenger window . . . . ' ats what I be tellin ' ya . it contract . ' at way you get a first class shave . Driver okay , johnny . as caspar walk off the driver slouches back , pull he fedora over he eye and fold he arm across he chest . a back enter frame in the foreground . Tom 's Voice : ' lo , sal . you can dangle . the driver look up , startle . Driver ' lo , Tom . you sure ? you do not look so hot . we still do not see Tom 's face . Tom I be okay . go ahead , I will drive he home . the driver shrug . reverse wider , from the other side of the car , as the car pull away . Tom walk into the foreground , toward he house ; we tilt up to hold he . the low - angle show we the tree behind Tom , its branch still creak in the wind . crack crack -- we hear two gunshot from inside the house . Tom stop momentarily in close shot , look up , and then continue on out of frame . 75 . over tom' shoulder we follow he as he walk into the building and slowly down the first - floor hall . the hallway be quiet excent for a light moan wind . Beyond Tom we see the door to the first - floor apartment crack open a slit . hiss : Voice Mr. duchaisne . . . the door open wider . Mrs. Zarpmas , wear a housecoat , she gray hair down in braid , stick she head out . . . . there be shot . Tom look up towards the staircase , then back at Mrs. Zarpas . Tom go down to the drugstore . call the police . she stare at he , nod . as she drape on a raincoat : Mrs. Zarpas yes , Mr. duchaisne . Tom you better stay there till the officer arrive . Mrs. Zarpas yes . . . she pause . . . . will the cat be all right here ? Tom stare at she . finally , he nod . Tom . . . they will be fine . Mrs. Zarpas return he daze nod , and shuffles away . so far , upstairs , all be quiet . pulling tom as he start slowly towards the staircase . tom' Pov tracking forward a small black object on the staircase - - a upside - down fedora . blood drip with a hollow rattle down onto a step , a couple step above the hat . pulling tom he look up . Pov a head stick through the baluster of the second story landing return . the body be on its back ; the head loll back over the tip of the landing down towards the stair - case . we climb low angle show we mostly the back of the head . the body 's far shoulder have knock out a baluster whose splinter bottom jut down towards the stair . pulling tom still climb , look at the body . he Pov climb and pan as we draw even with the head . it be caspar . blood have be expell through he nostril over he mouth and chin . his face be deep red . his eye stare glassily at Tom . pulling tom as he reach the top of the stair and swing around to face along the landing . we hear a chuckle , close by . wind be groan through the hallway . Pov in the middle foreground caspar lie a the floor ; beyond he , bernie lean against the doorframe in Tom 's open doorway , smile , he arm fold over he chest . the baluster stretch away in a regular line , throw vertical shadow upwards against the opposite wall . bernie I get it . you set I up . Tom lean against the wall and look morosely down at caspar . bernie . . . anything to avoid a little dirty work yourself , huh ? Tom do not answer . . . . how would you know hold get it and not I ? or do not you care ? Tom shrug , still stare down at caspar . Tom I figure you would come early , and be look for blood . he would not , so you would likely have the drop on he . bernie take he gun out of he overcoat packet and saunter over . bernie you be a sonofabitch , Tom . I like the way you think . you be right , the bonehead never know what hit he . he look down at caspar , unable to supress a smile . . . . but if you know I would come look to kill you , how do you know I will not still ? Tom shrug again . Tom nothing in it for you , now . with he dead we get nothing on each other . let I have the gun . bernie why ? Tom jerk he head towards caspar . Tom pin this on bluepoint . neither of we want he walk around after this . bernie shake he head . bernie the cop will be Leo 's now . they will not care what they hang bluepoint for . Tom shrug again . Tom I guess that 's so . if you do not mind keep the gun that kill caspar . and mink . he stoops down over caspar 's body and start feel through caspar 's pocket , look for something . . . . why do mink shoot rug , anyway ? bernie be walk towards he , empty the bullet from he gun . bernie I dunno , it be just a mix -up . here . Tom look back over he shoulder . bernie hand he the gun , which Tom slip into he overcoat packet . . . . so you be gonna say bluepoint do this ? as he go back to the body : Tom mink think rug be tailing he ? he find caspar 's gun and set it on the floor , but keep look . bernie yeah yeah , you know mink . hysterical . skin full of hop , head full of bogeyman . come home cry one day , say he have to pop a guy , one of bluepoint 's spy . Tom rug be follow verna , not mink . mink just happen to be with she . he have find a wallet and be thumbing through it . bernie yeah . funny , be not it ? but you know , mink be terrify bluepoint would find out I and he be jungle up together . Tom have take out the money , rifle it , and replace the wallet . Tom and I will bet you would keep he plenty worried about that , to keep he under you thumb . bernie yeah , so what . . . bernie be peer over Tom 's shoulder at the monev . . . . scratch , huh ? a little bonus ? Tom straighten up , caspar 's gun in hand . Tom why do mink take rug 's hair ? bernie shrug . bernie beat I , the kid be dizzy . fifty -fifty on the dough ? or maybe I should get a little more , since I do the deed . Tom be stuff the money into he pocket . . . . okay , you keep it . I want you to have it . Tom bernie . . . he nod towards caspar 's body . . . . we can not hang this on bluepoint . bernie huh ? why not ? Tom bluepoint 's already dead , halfway ' cross town . bernie 's smile be fade . bernie what the hell be you talk about ? Tom bluepoint 's dead . it 's gotta be you . I mean hell , it 's you gun . alarm be beginning to rise : bernie what be this ! what the hell be you talk about ! . . . he look down at caspar and then back at Tom . . . . you take my gun ! just you word against mine ! Tom pop the chamber of caspar 's gun , glance in , and snap it shut . Tom not necessarily . bernie 's eye widen . bernie be you crazy ! we be square ! you say it yourself ! we get nothing on each other ! Tom yup . bernie fight against hysteria : bernie so what 's in it for you ?! there 's no angle ! you can not just shoot I , like that ! he sink to he knee , he voice rise . . . . Jesus Christ ! it do not make sense ! Tommy ! look in you heart ! Tom what heart . bang -- bernie splay backwards from the knee , a bullet drill neatly through he forehead . Tom drop the gun by caspar 's body . unpockete bernie 's gun , Tom go over to he corpse and drop it there . we pan with Tom 's leg to bring he doorway into view as he walk into he apartment , to the window chair in the background , and sit with he back to we . the window show daylight break . Far away a clock strike the quarter hour . Tom be pick up the phone and dial . wait for a answer , he reach over to turn off the feeble yellow lamp burn chairside . as we start to fade out , we can hear Tom talk into the phone : Tom . . . tony ? tom. tell lazarre I have get he money . . . yeah , all of it . and I want to place a bet on tonight 's fight . . . a beat of black 76 . CUT to : the hallway of Leo 's club , lead to he office . we be tracking over Tom 's shoulder as he walk down the hall , lead by Dead Terry . Terry they set you up downstairs ? Tom how 's that ? Terry hootch ? whatever ? Tom gesture with the drink he be carry . its ice cube clink . . . . well thanks for come , Tom . Leo 's real anxious to see you . . . Tom yeah . I happen to be near . we can hear muffle bellow come from Leo 's office , grow louder as we approach . Terry seem embarass : Terry actually . . . this might not be the best time . . . they have pull up in front of the close door to Leo 's office . Leo 's bellow , inside , abate for a moment . we can hear another voice , muffle so that we do not hear word , but only the voice 's plaintive quality . Leo 's bellow cut it short . Tom . . . who 's he get in there ? Terry o'gar and the mayor . as he leave frame : Tom I will try again . Terry call after he : Terry I will tell he you stop by . 77 . downstatrs pull Tom as he walk across the gambling floor , drink still in hand . behind he we can see workmen busily repair the damage do to the club in the police raid . halfway across the floor Tom stiffen and slow , see something . verna be enter the club . the two meet . Tom ' lo , verna . verna see Leo ? they both lean against a counterstop and look out at the floor . Tom he be busy . verna you should see he . he have something to tell you . Tom maybe I will run into he . verna bernie 's funeral be tomorrow . you could stop by . Tom maybe . verna . . . Leo have something to tell you . Tom so you say . there be a silent beat . verna scowl . verna . . . tell I something , Tom . why do not you tell I what be go on ? I think he be dead , and you never -- Tom there be no point in tell you . it could only have queere thing if it have get out -- verna Jesus , Tom ! you do not just talk to people for the play it give you or do not give you ! I suffer , you no - heart son of a bitch ! Tom let this drift . verna try to compose herself . . . . I be sorry . it 's just that thing might have be different . with we . if I would know that you have not . . . do anything to he . . . Tom you know now . verna look at he intently . verna what happen that night ? Tom still look at she evenly . Tom I go to a bar . pass out . when I get back to my place they be both dead . verna study he . verna . . . pass out , huh ? Tom yeah . she look at he a beat more , then out at the floor . verna it 's funny . . . I have never even see you sleep -- though you tell I once about a dream you have . Tom maybe I lie . whap ! verna slap he hard . his head rock under the blow . verna you have never be straight with I about any - thing ! you be a sonofabitch ! she stalk off . Tom watch she go . he raise the drink and roll it across he slap cheek . the ice cube clink . 78 . cemetary a small old marble orchard set on a hilltop clear against the wood . star of David adorn the headstone ; in the foreground bernie 's funeral be end . present be a rabbi , just finish the chant of the liturgy , verna , and Leo . in the background , on the road at the foot of the hill , Tom be emerge from a taxi . it roll away as he start up the hill . just as he arrive , Leo and verna turn to leave . Tom take in the scene . Tom Big turnout . verna Drop dead . she stalk off , leave Leo and Tom alone . Leo take off he yarmulke and fiddle with it uncomfortably . the two man start walk . Leo . . . she 's under a lot of strain . Tom well , at least she do not hit I . Leo chuckle . they walk on . Leo Tommy , I be glad you come . . . Tom she 's take the car . Leo huh ? Leo look up . verna be get into the elegant black touring - car that wait at the bottom of the hill . it pull away . Leo look at Tom . . . . I guess we be walk . Tom I guess we be . they walk in silence for a beat . Leo . . . we be get marry . Tom stiffen . he bring out : Tom . . . congratulation , Leo . Leo too be uncomfortable . Leo the funny thing be . . . she ask I . to tie the knot . I guess you be not suppose to say that . Tom it do not matter . congratulation . Leo thanks . . . Hell , Tom ! why do not you tell I what you be up to ?! I think you would really go over -- not that I do not deserve it . but you could have tell I . Tom telling you could only have queere thing if it have . . . Tom cut himself off and walk in silence for a moment . . . . there just be not any point . Leo want to be encourage . he nod . Leo I can see that . well . it be a smart play , all around . I guess you know I be grateful . Tom no need . Leo be grin again . Leo I guess you pick that fight with I just to tuck yourself in with caspar . Tom I dunno . do you always know why you do thing , Leo ? Leo greet this with a puzzle smile . Leo course I do . he nod to himself . . . . it be a smart play . they walk on . Tom you will do fine . Leo stop , grab Tom 's arm , and the word come cut in a rush : Leo . . . Jesus , Tom ! I would give anything if you would work for I again ! I know I have make some bonehead play ! I know I can be pig-head but , damnit , so can you ! I need you help , and thing can be like they be , I know it ! I just know it ! as for you and verna - - well I understand , you be both young , and -- well , damnit , Tom , I forgive you ! Tom instantly bristle . for the first time , he tone be sharp : Tom I do not ask for that and I do not want it . the two man stare at each other -- Tom 's look angry ; Leo 's , distraught . Tom 's look soften . . . . Goodbye , leo. Leo still stare at he , wait for something else . when nothing be forthcoming he turn and walk away . Tom watch he go . he unpocket a flask and raise it to he lip . behind he a tree sough in the wind . fade out