million dollar baby rope burn ( aka million dollar baby ) screenplay by Paul haggis base on the short storey by f.x. toole rope burn black . the SOUND of a racing heart . then : scrap v.0 . only ever meet one man I would not want to fight . int . L.A. boxing arena -- night big willie little sit sweat on he stool in the corner of the ring . he 's African - american , a heavyweight , and he 's cut bad under the right eye . his CUT man jab coagulant into the wound ; look up to the manager stand over he . CUT man I can not stop it . the manager , frankie dunn , push he aside . frankie get outta the building , you useless tit . frankie drop to one knee and we see he face . it 's a face that could only have be cast by generation of potato - eater , the kind of face that survive famine and frustrate invader . look deep into he eye and you can see this man have be knock to he knee , but he 's always come up before the count . always will . frankie pick up the kit and go to work on Big Willie . we be mesmerize by frankie 's hand . it 's like watch a top surgeon go for a world speed record . scrap v.o . when I meet he he be already the best cut man in the business . start training and manage in the 66' , but he never lose he gift . frankie clean and flush the wound with a adrenaline solution , use he thumb to work the blood away from the gash and pack it with a coagulant- rich salve . big willie you stop it ? frankie glance at he stop watch : 36 second elapse . frankie can not , Willie . ( more ) ( continued ) L haggis/2003 2. continued : the ring doctor want to see willy 's face . frankie ( cont 'd ) he 's fine . ring doctor he be not if you do not stop that bieed . I will give you one more round . Ring Doctor move away as the ref whistle the five second warning . big willie what do we do ? tell I what to do . frankie just let he hit you . frankie climb out of the ring , leave Big Willie stare at he , confuse , as the bell ring . scrap v.0o . sometimes there 's just nothing you can do . Willie toss a couple of question look back to frankie before he step into punch range . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) cut 's too wide , too close to the bone , maybe you get a severe vein ... Big Willie , unwilling to follow frankie 's instruction , keep protect he face , he opponent try to get to the wound . frankie yell something from the corner . something we can not hear over the din . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) ...0r you just can not get the coagulant deep enough . ( more ) Willie reluctantly drop he guard . his opponent deliver a neck -snapp blow to he cut eye . silence as the camera scream into a extreme close up of Willie 's wound ... and in that second we " hear " the coagulant be absorb deep into the gash , '' hear " the blood vessel sealing , then we fly right back out into the fight and the roar of the crowd . willy back off , look to frankie , who scream for he to get in there and start punch . ( continued ) haggis/2003 3. continued : ( 2 ) scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) there be all kind of combination you come up against down in the different layer of meat . and frankie know how to work every one . Big Willie land he first solid combination and a cheer rise up . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) harder thing to stop be look . face in the crowd . most of they ugly . scream for blood . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) people love violence . they '11 watch a cock slash a rooster 's throat ; they slow down at car wreck to check for body . they will stand outside a bar , watch two friend stab each other with knife . same people claim to love box . they get no idea what it be . we find ... a girl fair , thin , lock early thirty ; call she maggie . she 's stand in the tunnel , a bruise swell on she cheek , she hair matte from dry sweat , a wear box robe pull around she shoulder . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) box be about respect . her eye stay fix on ... frankie shouting instruction from Willie 's corner . Big Willie clutches he opponent , struggle to understand frankie . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) gettin ' it for yourself ... ( more ) frankie motion two low body left and a overhand right . ( continued ) haggis/2003 4. be continued : ( 3 ) willie get it , break free and : maggie watch as Big Willie deliver two devastating left to the body , and a overhand right that send he opponent sprawling to the canvas . scrap v.0 . ( cont 'd ) and takin ' it away erom the other guy . the crowd roar as the referee count out the opponent . maggie shift she lock to : prankie step into the ring . Big Willie pick he up and hug he . int . arena -- corridor outside dressing room -- night 2 maggie , in jeans and a old jacket , wait outside the dress room , the door open and frankie step out , call back in : frankie T will warm up the car . and walk off down the corridor . maggie catch up . maggie Mr. Dunn ? frankie I owe you money ? maggie no , sir . frankie I know you mother ? maggie do not rightly know , sir . frankie then what do you want ? ( continued } haggis/2003 : 5 . continued : maggie twas on the undercard , win my fight , toc . frankie good for you . maggie you happen to sea it ? frankie nope . maggie I do pretty good . think you might be interested in trainin ' I . frankie , dentt train girl . maggie maybe you should . people see I fight say I be pretty tough . frankie girlie , tough be not enough . he punch through the door and walk off . maggie watch he until the door close . ext . arena parking lot -- night nearly empty . Big Willie come out , head through it , pass hogan , a manager in he fifty , whose on he way back . hogan ( shrug } it 's a mistake . Willie give he a look and keep walk , find frankie push he piece of shit plymouth valiant out of the parking space . Willie drop he bag on the valiant 's hood and push alongside frankie . big willie Cars should be able to back up , frankie . prankie just push . ( continued ) be 3 haggis/2003 6. continued : big willie what would hogan want ? frankie he offer we a title fight . big willie Bout time . frankie I turn he down . frankie drop into the driver 's seat . Willie get in the other side , lock to frankie for a explanation . frankie ( cont 'd ) two - three more fight , you will be ready . big willie be two - three more fight a long time now , frankie . frankie you get one shot at the title , Willie . lose , it may never come back around . two - three more fight , you will be ready . big willie ( beat , accept it ) whatever you say , frankie . and they drive off . scrap v.o. frankie like to say that box be a unnatural act ... int . CITY bus -- night maggie ride along Olympic , the only one on the bus . scrap v.o. that everything in box be backwards . for a brief second she allow the fear in ; fear that she will break before she get what she 's after . 5 haggis/2003 7. int . frankien bungalow - culver CITY -- night with some effort and more than a little pain he drop to one knee beside he single bed , cross himself . scrap v.o. sometimes best way to deliver a punch be to step back . frankie dear Lord , do you best to protect Katy . Annie , too . other than that , you know what I want , Lord , not gonna repeat myself . scrap v.o . but step back too far , you be not fight at all . he cross himself . ext . ST . raymond' catholic church -- morning Post mass , the last few parishioner exit . frankie be the last out the door . frankie beautiful sermon , Father , make I weep . father horvath what 's confusing you this week ? frankie it 's the one God , three God thing again . father horvath frankie , most people figure out by kindergarten that it 's about faith . prankie be it sorta like snap , crackle , pop , all in one big box ? father horvath you be stand on the step of my church compare God to Rice crispy ? the only reason you come to mass every day be to try and wind I up ; it 's not gonna happen this morning . ( continued ) 6 haggis/2003 8. continued : frankie I really be confuse about this . father horvath no , you be not . frankie it be . father horvath then here 's you answer : there 's one God ! anything else , cause I be busy ? frankie what about the Holy ghost ? father horvath he 's a expression of God 's love . frankie -- and Jesus ? ~ father horvath Son of God , do not play stupid ! frankie se , that make he what , a demigod ? father horvath there be no demigod , you fuckin ! pagan ! do you write you daughter ?! frankie absolutely . father horvath now you be lie to a priest . you know what ? take a day off , do not come to mass tomorrow . the priest disappear inte the church . frankie smile and walk off . int . hollywood diner -- morning four hip look customer leave they table a complete mess . maggie , wear a ill-fitting uniform , step in to bus it . scrap v.0 . some people would say the most important thing a fighter can have be heart . ( continued ) haagis/2003 3. continued : she scoops up the tip : seventy - five cent . int . the hit pit -- day a basement gym on 5th Street , right in the heart of skid row , downtown LA . everyone sweat , even that who be just hang out on the short bleacher that circle the two ring . scrap v.0o . frankie would say show I a fighter who 's nothing but heart and I '1l show you a man wait for a beat . trainer , sway like cobras , work they fighter , isolate in the noise and the steam , some whisper , other yell . boom box blare different music from four corner , make it sound like a cell block . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) think I only ever meet one fighter who be all heart . danger barch , a scrawny young farmer white boy , throw a flurry of pitty - pat punch into the air , then announce : danger my name 's dangerous Dillard fightin ! flippo bam - bam barch cutta broward county , Texas -- freeze he in mid sentence . scrap v.o. danger show up a coupl 'a year back . ext . skid row - flashback -- day danger step outta the passenger seat of a beat up old dodge pickup , look around . scrap v.o. he would come visitin ' L.A. with ervel , he momma 's new boyfriend . the dodge disappear in a cloud of exhaust . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) apparently ervel get lose and end up back in Texas . ( more danger walk off down the sidewalk . ( continued ) haggis/2003 9 continued : scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) danger look for he for about a week . ' fore he introduce himself . 19 int . the hit pit ~- day 10 danger stand across the counter from eddie scrap iron dupris , a long - retire fighter who clean up around the gym in exchange for live in the back room . in he day , scrap be a hell of a fighter , and he still keep himsel= fit . he lose the sight in one eye year ago . danger I got nothin ' against nigger . scrap gilad to hear it . scrap give he a paper cup full of water . danger lotsa people where I come from do , but my mamma teach I not to cause hurt to no man , nigger or not . scrap you get a good mamma . anything else I can do for you ? danger think hard . scrap v.o . it be just one of that question you ask , but danger want to give it he best answer . danger I would like to become the welterweight Champion of the world . il int . hit pit - back to the present - day 1 as danger unfreeze and pick up where he leave off . danger -- and I challenge the motor City cobra Thomas hit man hearns to fight I for the wba welterweight championship of the whole world ! ( continued ) il haggis/2003 . ii . continued : a 1 shawrellz berry , a tough young lightweight , wrap he hand as he site on a nearby bench with some gym rat buddy -- one of they he sparring partner , omar . shawrelle flippy , you be not even rank . to get rank , you gotta have at least one fight . danger I will fight any man , anytime ! the gym rat laugh . shawrelle you be a brave man . wanna get in the ring , go a few round with I ? scrap pass with a bucket , mop and bottle of clorox . scrap leave he be , shawrelle . danger , get back to you training . danger will do , mist scrap ! danger go back to throw he best pitty - pat punch into the air . shawrelle and he buddy laugh and mimic he . scrap v.0 . shawrelle Berry have a leave hook that eould move 'a tank . but he have a heart the size of a split pea . frankie step out of he back office , throw a look toward danger as he head to the front desk . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) frankie buy the hit pit from Bobby malone seventeen year ago . Bobby want to move to Florida and frankie want some security . Bobby die while he be pack and frankie find out most gym lose money . frankie step behind the counter to check the log . frankie {to scrap} I think I tell you danger could not work out here anymore . {continued} ll 12 haggis/2003 22. continued : ( 2 ) 11 scrap the boy 's not hurt anybody . frankie he 's hurt I . he 's break my heart watch he punch the air like it 's gonna punch back . frankie notice the clorox bottle . frankie ( cont 'd ) how many time I tell you that bleach be bleach ? why do you have to buy the stuff that cost more ? scrap Cause it smelis better . frankie it 's bleach . it smell like bleach ! frankie head back to he office . Big Willie enter , nod to scrap , who 's now behind the counter . big willie hey , scrap . scrap hey , Mr. Willie . scrap watch Big Willie pass a couple fighter , say hello , slapping hand . Willie pass a couple slickly dress manager , crack joke to each ether . one be sally mendoza , the other be mickey mack . big willie hey , Sally . sally hey , Willie . Nice fight , people be talk . mickey do not look at Willie , Willie do not look at mickey . scrap file this away . int . frankie' office -- day 12 frankie sit at he desk read a small , leather bound book and try to pronounce the word . frankie ta cil fionn be dha shfiil ghiasa agat . {continued} haggis/2003 13. 12 continued : 42 @ he lock up and scrap be watch he from the doorway . scrap what the hell kind of language be that ? frankie what do you want ? scrap dust think you would want to know you get a fighter out there not talk to another manager . frankie not talk to he ? scrap and not just any manager , mickey mack . frankie so , you come in to tell I Big Willie be not talk to mickey mack . scrap be not a word , neither one of they . frankie I be try to read here . scrap if you think that 's more important . scrap walk behind frankie 's chair , to the window that look out on the gym . scrap ( cont 'd ) so , who 's you new girl ? this get prankie 's attention . he turn and look out at the gym . see : maggie pound the heavy bag . frankie ( 0.s. ) oh , Jesus . ( continued } i2 13 haagis/2003 14 . continued : ( 2 ) 12 back with frankie and scrap scrap ifd hurry ; she keep hittin ' it like that she gonna break she wrist . int . hit pit -~- continuous 13 maggie work the heavy bag as frankie approach . frankig you waste you money . I do not train girl . maggie think you might change you mind . frankie , gotta be a dozen trainer around look for girl , you will have no trouble find one . maggie do not hardly need a dozen , boss . you will do fine . frankie I be not you bess , se do not be call I that . ( head off / call ) Willie , you ready to work ? big willie anytime . maggie if I stop call you boss , will you train I ? frankie no . maggie then I might just as well keep call you it . maggie go back to work the baa . scrap v.o . she come from South - western Missouri , the hill outside the scratch - ass ( more ) ( continued ) haggis/2003 15 . 13 continued : i3 scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) Ozark town of theodosia , set in the cedar and oak tree somewhere between nowhere and good -bye . 14 int . venice restaurant -~- day 14 as a couple patron toss condescending look in she direction . scrap v.o . she grow up know one thing : she be trash , and she be not never gomna be lock at anyway else . we find maggie , in she salvation Army street clothes , be interview by the owner , who study she application . owner so , you can only do dinner ? maggie I be work breakfast somewhere else , sir . I need the rest of the day to train . owner you bathe every day ? maggie I be sorry ? owner have another hillbilly girl work here , all the customer complain of the stink . she never wash . maggie I bathe every day , sir . owner make sure you do . he walk back to the kitchen . and she do not let on for a second how deeply humiliate she be by this . scrap v.0 . she would come eighteen hundred mile , but theodosia be still just over the hill . be 16 haggis/2003 16 . int . hit pit ~- day 15 frankie enter , pass maggie who work the heavy bag . maggie work the bag , boss . frankie not you boss and that bag 's work you . maggie watch frankie enter the office , go back to hit the bag , try to figure out what he mean . int . frankie' office 16 frankie find scrap drink a cup of coffee and watch maggie through the window . frankie give she she money back . scrap you sure ? frankie why ? how much she pay ? scrap six month . frankie Jesus Christ . scrap so , lill just go give she it back . frankie do not be a smart ass . woman expect I to throw away six month due to get rid of she , she 's out of she mind . just do not encourage she . ( notice ) what the hell be danger look at ? there Pov through window danger be by the ice chest , hold a bottle of freeze water , look at the top and the bottom , as if it 's one of the seven wonder of the world . ( continued ) 16 17 18 13 haggis/2003 17 . continued : 16 back with frankie and scrap scrap appear to be a bottle of water . frankie he pay he due ? scrap Boy can not afford pants , you want he to pay due ? prankie get out of my office . and scrap exit , smile . int . hit pit -- shower ~- night 17 scrap finish mop up and fill the soap dispenser . he check it out ; all the scrubbing in the world will not get this place any cleaner . he hit the light . int . hit pit - frankie' office -- night 18 scrap flick the breaker and the light in the gym cut off one bank at a time . scrap stop as he hear something , move out to the gym , see : maggie 1g alone in the gym , drench in sweat , exhaust and frustrated , but still work the heavy bag and look just as awkward . she stop , breathe heavy . scrap can not think of it as a bag . she look as he walk forward . scrap ( cont 'd ) I be not a trainer , but I can show you this , if you want . maggie appreciate any help I can get . scrap give the heavy bag a shove and start move around it , maintain the same distance as he slide forward and back , pivot and move . ( continued ) haggis/2003 be . 19 continued : be scrap think of it as a man ; movin ' back , to the side , toward you . watch he , he will tell you when to hit . as it swing toward he : scrap ( cont 'd ) hit now , he just gonna knock you back ... ( demonstrate ) ... smother you punch , take you balance . do not punch until he start away from you . now he throw a effective combination , pivot and dee it again , each punch landing solidly . swing it for she . she try it , awkwardly . scrap ( cont 'd ) keep move , rotate . that way you head 's always movin ' and you always have one shoulder back ready to fire a power shot . she fire she first effective shot . smile . maggie like that ? scrap you get this down then start on the speed bag . she look around . scrap ( cont 'd ) you do have a speed bag . her look telis he she do not . 290 int . storage room -- continuous 20 scrap open a big locker -- inside be mop , bucket and all kind of ancient gym equipment . he pull a wear and dusty speed bag off the top shelf . maggie I will just borrow it till I can buy my own . {continued } 26 2l 22 23 haggis/2003 19 . continued : 20 scrap you go home now . maggie I walk out with you ? scrap it be home . she see a cot , a chair and a Sally - Anne dresser . a ancient hot plate and a even older tv fill out the corner . maggte it 's nice . scrap laugh . maggie ( cont 'd ) would it bother you much if I work a little longer ? scrap just pull the door close after you . int . hit pit -- night 221 maggie work the heavy bag , remember scrap 's lesson , the same punch , same move over and over . as ... scrap watch she from the shadow of prankie 's office . scrap v.o . if there 's magic in box , it 's the magic of fight battle beyond endurance . Beyond crack rib , rupture kidney and detach retinas . ext . olympic blvd . - dawn 22 a bus pass almost empty . scrap v.0 . it 's the magic of risk everything , for a dream that nobody see but you . int . rtd bus ~- continuous 23 maggie ride , the lone passenger . happy . 24 haggis/2003 20 . int . the hit pit -- day 24 frankie work the punch mitt with Big willy on the far side of the room . frankie jab , jab , double up . jab . bo it again . one - two hook . do it again . maggie approach the heavy bag pull on she glove , throw a look to frankie , who do not look back . maggie go to work on the bag . shawrelle work a nearby heavybag as Omar hold . shawrelle notice maggie . shawrelle hey , flippy . danger look up from try to jump rope . shawrelle ( cont 'd ) flippy , come here ! I find someone you can beat ! danger I do not fight woman . shawrelle circle , look maggie up and down as she pound away . shawrelle this here a woman ? let I look , you might be right , danger . frankie notice . do not like what he see , but he 's not about to do anything . prankie ( to Big Willie ) two jab , right-hand ... scrap look up from the comic hook he 's read . ( continued ) haggis /2003 2h. continued : 24 shawrelle shawrelle there 's she little titty ! barely even a mouthful . maggie ( still work ) saw you last fight , shawrelle . spend so much time face down I think the canvas have titty . shawrelle 's buddy razz he . danger snicker . danger canvas have titty . shawrelle ( co Omar ) you gonna work or you gonna laugh ? which make Omar laugh harder . danger look at I ! I be shawrelle ! and danger fall flat on the floor , mouth the mat . shawrelle simmer as everyone else bust a gut . frankie allow himself a small smile . frankie two jab , right -hand , hock . do it again . enough . Big Willie stop , breathe hard . frankie toss he a towel , use a second to wipe off some of the sweat . frankie ( cont 'd ) I will give you a rub down . big willie can not , frankie . my middle one 's get piano lesson . told Grace I would drive she . frankie Grace 's car not work ? ( continued ) haggis/2003 22. 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 bic willie hate that car . want she old one back . Dealer will not do it , say he 's already get a buyer . prankie want I to talk to the dealer ? big willie I would appreciate that . Big Willie head out as frankie take he equipment back to he office , pass scrap . scrap man 's a rub down whore and today he do not want one ? frankie you ever do any work around here ? scrap not my job I would worry about , if I be you . frankie drop onto the bench and start stow he gear in the bag . scrap pretend to just now notice maggie . scrap ( cont 'd ) Little girl 's start to come along . frankie yeah . almost as if somebody be help she . maggie stop work , pull out scrap 's old speed bag and snap it in place . scrap could be just a natural . ask I , she 's get something . frankie she 's get my speed bag , that 's what she 's get ! frankie look accusingly to scrap . scrap now where the hell you think she get that ? . ( continued ) continued : haggis/2003 . 23 . 3 ) 24 frankie cross to maggie , who be have a hard time hit the speed bag . frankie I be gonna need that bag back . maggie this bag ? frankie yeah , it 's mine . and people know it 's mine , so they be gonna think I be training you . maggie {still punch ) that such a bad thing , boss ? frankie yes . every time you touch it you lose I business . maggie ( try to laugh it off ) I gotta agree , I be embarrassing myself . she unsnap the bag , hand it over . frankie I just do not lend out my stuff . maggie I understand . frankie listen , you seem like a real nice girl , so I be gonna give you some advice . maggie I would appreciate that . frankie you may find a trainer in here or some other gym , cause they be all look for giris , it 's like the new freak show . but if they take you on they be waste you time . you be too old . ( continued ) 24 hagqagis/2003 24 . continued : ( 4 ) 24 maggie De not feel that old , boss , frankie yeah , well neither do I , but you do not see I fight twenty - one year - old . it take four year to train a fighter . how old be you ? maggie thirty two . till my birthday . frankie you would not start training to be a ballerina at thirty - two , would you ? maggie already be work it three year . prankie and you can not even hit a speed bag ; you have some real good training . maggie never have any , boss . franete I hate to say it , but it show . figure somebody should tell you the truth . maggie try to hide how deeply this hurt she . she fail . maggie yeah . sorry for use you bag , Mr. Dunn . frankie ah , Jesus , you be not gonna cry , be you ? maggie no , sir . prankie take the goddamn bag . maggie no , you need it . { continued ) 24 25 haggis /2003 2s . continued : ( 5 ) 24 frankie it have not even see it in twenty year , have three new one since , take the damn thing . maggie I will just borrow it till I buy my own . prankie just do not lose it . frankie walk off , angry with himself . pass scrap , who be smile . frankie ( cont 'd ) you give she anything else , you be fire . frankie slam he office door close behind he . scrap watch maggie snap the bag back in and start over . int . frankie' bungalow -- evening 25 frankie sit in he kitchen , talk on the rotary phone . frankie hogan , you boy be the champ , so we will not split fifty , but if I do not see forty percent ~ - the doorbell ring . frankie ( cont 'd ) you call I when it 's sixty forty or do not call back at all . he hang up . the front door frankie open it , surprised to see Big Willie wait , dress in he best suit . frankie ( cont 'd ) Willie ? big willie hey , frankie . frankie something wrong ? ( continued ) 25 haggis/2003 26 . continued : tris true 25 big willie sorry to come round to you house like this , I know you do not like people drop in . but frankie hide he discomfort . * frankie you be not people , Willie , you be welcome anytime . big willie i want to thank you for get Grace 's car back . frankie I do not know if you should thank I , Willie . pay a extra thousand for you own car be not much of a favor . big willie Grace break out and cry when she see it . ( beat ) I also need to talk to you about business . frankie I be just on the phone with hogan . told he we would be ready in September . we get everything do but the split . big willie I gotta leave you , frankie . prankie ( blind -side } Willie , the title be two fight away . big willie it 's not that . it 's just like you say , I get one shot . if I win , I gotta make as much as I can while I can . I need somebody in the action , who can make thing happen . ( even harder to say : ) and I gotta make the change before the fight . only way this guy would take I be he take I to the title . ( continued ) 25 26 27 haggis/2603 27 . continued : ( 2 ) 258 frankie so , Willie , I get you the title fight , but this guy 's gonna take you there ? big willie only way he would do it . I be sorry , frankie . I know how long you be wait for a title . I want it to be with I . Willie exit . ext . frankie' bungalow -- night 26 frankie step onto he front porch , watch Willie walk to he car . frankie mickey mack 's a business man , he can not teach ya nothing . willy turn , a deep sadness play across he face . big willie you already teach I everything I need to know . Willie back out of the drive as the phone ring inside . frankie make no move to go in and answer it . scrap v.o . there 's some thing people just do not want to hear . int . hit pit -- day 27 it 's slow time , late morning . scrap wear the punch mitt for danger , who have he hand in the air announce : danger ~- and I challenge the motor City cobra Thomas hit man hearns to fight I for the wba welterweight championship of the whole world ! scrap v.o. no one have the heart to tell danger that hearns retire year ago . scrap danger , I be wearin ' this mitt for a reagon . {continued } 27 28 haggis/2003 28. continued : 27 danger workin ! on my footwork , mist scrap . frankie enter , pass . frankie danger , throw a punch or get the hell out of my gym . prankie disappear into he office , as danger think hard about punch . scrap you be think about that punch . E will be right back . maggie try to get the swing of the speed bag , watch scrap head to frankie 's office . danger think how I be gonna hit it hard , mist scrap ! int . frankie' office -- continuous 28 frankie open he little leather bound book and find where he leave off . frankie . ( sounding it out } bier mé # 4 in leat , be n& déan do dhe armad . scrap watch he from the door . scrap Heard about Willie . cold . Dead cold . would not be such a shame if you be not so damn old . frankie least I can see through both eye . scrap do not do you much good , do they ? frankie I get the gym . do not need to be training fighter at my age . ( continued ) 28 haggis/2003 : 23. continued : 28 scrap Willie tell you why ? frankie mickey 's get the connection . scrap ai not about connection . Bout you not believe in he . frankie I find he , I stick with he eight year because I do not believe in he ? scrap coulda get he a title fight two year ago . man know that . amazing he stick around this long . frankie gettin ' there and take the belt home be two different thing . I should just toss he in over he head , not protect he ? scrap so , you be protect he from be champ . now it 's make sense . prankie how would you manager do for you , scrap ? you be a hell of a fighter , better than Willie , he get you a title fight ? or do he bust you out bang you head into other people 's fist until you lose you eye ? scrap thad my shot . go out swinging , no man can say I do not . frankie yeah , I remember . Excuse I if I do not want my fighter spend the second half of he life clean up other people 's spit . scrap yeah , you be right . you be the smart one , you the one learn Greek . ( continued ) 28 29 36 32 34 35 haggis/2003 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 28 frankie gaelic . it 's gaelic . scrap you just protect yourself right out of a championship fight . how you say that in gaelic ? frankie gc back to he book . int . hit pit -- continuous 29 maggie work at the speed bag , watch scrap come out of the office and sit , stewing . she know something just happen . montage begins : int . venice restaurant -- morning 36 maggie bus a table . slip the dirty dish into the rubber tray , except for a half - eat steak sandwich , which she carefully remove . she look around , then wrap it in some scrap tin foil . she look up to see the cook watch she . maggie for my dog . int . hit pit -- day 31 maggie take out she frustration on the speed bag . the fighter next to she make it circle in a perfect eight . see that make she hit it harder . int . hollywood diner -- night 32 maggie realize some teenager leave without pay . chase they out to ... the parking lot 33 the kid speed of laugh at maggie . int . maggie' apartment -- night 34 maggie cut off the bite mark off the steak , put it on a plate . she eat while pile coin into stack . int . maggie' apartment -- night 35 the alarm go off at 3:30 a.m .. she get out of bed . 37 38 39 40 41 haggis/2003 31 . ext . venice bike path -- night stripped down , maggie run the path , barely a soul in sight . int . hit pit -- day maggie slam away at the heavy bag -- still flat foote , but really move . frankie glance at she from behind the counter , go back to he work . int . venice restaurant maggie find a two dollar tip on the table soaking in a pool of spill gravy . she wipe the bill clean , pocket they . int . maggie' apartment -~ day maggie roll she tip into wrapper as she eat some scrap . int . sporting good store ~- day maggie put a new speed bag on the counter and dig out dozen of roll of quarter , dime , nickel and some crumpled singles . the cashier give she a look that could kill . int . frankie' house - montage continue -- night frankie sit on the edge of he sofa , eye fix on a tiny tv set . there 's a fight on the screen : Willie and the champ ; each fighter take a lot of punishment . frankie 's face betray every nuance of the match . scrap v.0 . box be a unnatural act . the champ throw a barrage of punch , go for a knockout . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) Cause everything in it be backwards . frankie 's foot shift slightly . we cut to the screen and see that Willie just do the same . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) you want to move to the leave , you do not step leave , you push on the right toe . ( more ) the champ keep come on strong . Willie 's get batter . ( continued ) 39 40 41 41 42 43 haagis/2003 32 . continued : 41 scrap v.6 . ( cont 'd ) to move right , you use the leave toe . frankie push right . go do willy , just before he deliver two devastating left to the body and a stun overhand right - the same move that frankie call in he last fight . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) instead of run from the pain , like a sane person would do , you step into it . the champ stagger . frankie 's foot shift forward as Willie step right in and put the champ down for the count . the crowd roar . frankie turn off the set , sit back , allow himself a smile . it fade after a second . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) everything in box be backwards . int . broadway diner -- night 42 frankie drop into a seat at the counter , scan the menu . the counterman place half a cup of coffee before he . counterman cheeseburger ? frankie you still make you lemon pie with that can fill crap ? counterman get no idea how they make it . frankie : cheeseburger . the counterman place the order . frankie fill the other half of he cup with cream . ext . hit pit - alley entrance -- night 43 frankie bang at the basement door , a takeout container in he other hand . scrap open it , look like he be in bed . prankie you want a cheeseburger ? scrap you buy I a cheeseburger ? { more } ( continued ) haggis/2003 continued : with ue 43 scrap ( cont 'd ) it never see you buy anybody a cheeseburger . frankied order it , could not eat it . scrap so the planet can go back to spinnin’ . hit pit ~ scrap' back room -- continuous 44 the tv be on . frankie sit as scrap open the burger . scrap you watch the fight ? frankie Willie do good . scrap that 's what you get to say ? frankie he win , he do good . scrap so , you really be work on yourself , open up . that 's some fine work , prankie you watch it ? scrap sure. get HBO . frankie how the hell you afford HBO ? how long I be tell you to save you money ? scrap since I fight Louis typhoon Johnson at the Stadium Club in tupelo , Mississippi . frankie ..- that true ? ( continued ) 44 45 haggis/2003 34 . continued : 44 scrap my manager run off with the purse , leave you and I to hitch home , do you remember nothin ' ? frankie remember walkin ' half the damn way . remember thinkin ' I would be lynched . scrap remember you leavin 's I with my dick in my hand behind that gas station . frankie I get we a ride ! Son of a bitch drive off before I even close the door ! have to jump out and walk two mile back ! scrap conscience get the better of you . silence . frankie hear a thumping from out in the gym . he give scrap a look . scrap ( cont 'd ) it 's she birthday . int . hit pit -- continuous 45 frankie walk toward the dimly light gym . see maggie , sweat soak , work the speed bag , make all the same mistake and punish herself for it . frankie watch , unseen . she stop , breathe heavy . frankie step out into the light . frankie you be not breathe right . it 's why you be pantin' . she hide a flash of pain , something very deep . frankie ( cont 'd ) it 's you birthday , huh ? that make you how old ? maggie Tam thirty - three , Mr. Dunn . and I be here celebrate the fact that I spend ancther year scrapin’ dish and waitressin' , which be what I be do since thirteen . . ( more ) ( continued ) 45 haggis/2003 35 . continued : she do n ' 45 maggie ( cont 'd ) and accord to you , I will be thirty seven before I can even throw a decent punch - which , after work this speed bag for a month and gettin’ nowhere , I now realize may be God 's simple truth . other truth be , my brother 's in prison , my sister cheat on welfare by pretendin ' one of she baby be still alive , my daddy 's dead and my momma weigh three hundred and twelve pound . and if I be think straight I would go back home , find a use trailer , buy a deep fryer and some oreos . Problem be this be the only thing I ever feel good doin’ . if I be too old for this , then I get nothing else . that nuff truth to suit you ? t take she eye off he , demand a answer . frankie ... that you speed bag ? maggie put yours behind the counter . wish I could say I wear it out . prankie okay . I will show you this , but that 's it . then you get a trainer . maggie no , sorry . frankie ... you be in a position to negotiate ? maggie yes sir , because I know if you train I right , I be gonna be a champ . see you lock at I -- frankie -- outta pity . maggie do not you say that ! do not you say that if it be not true ! I want 4 trainer . ( more ) ( continued ) haggis/2003 26 . 45 continued : ( 2 ) a 5 e@ maggie ( cont 'd ) do not want charity , do not want favor . if you be not interested , I get more celebrate to de . she go back to punish the bag . frankie can not stand to watch she . frankie stop , stop , stop . what the hell you do ? ( she stop ) okay , here it be : if I take you on -- maggie : -- you will not never regret it . frankie -- just listen . if I take you on -- maggie -- I promise I '11 work so hard . frankie God , this be already a mistake . @ maggie -- I be listen , boss . frankie if I take you on , you do everything I say . {as she open she mouth ) you do not question I , you do not ask I why , you do not say nothing ' xcept " ves , frankie . " I be gonna try and forget you be a girl -- maggie ~- it 's all T ask . frankie -- so , do not come cry to I if you get hurt . maggie we get a deal . frankie no. understand this . ( more } ( continued ) 45 haggis/2003 37 . continued : 3 ) 45 frankie ( cont 'd ) itil teach you to fight , but that 's it . after that you find yourself a manager and I say good - bye . maggie do not mean to argue but -- frankie no argue . I teach you what you need and it 's over . you go off , make a million , I do not care ; get you tooth knock out , I do not care . and I do not want to hear about it ither way . only way I will do this thing . she see he can not go over this line . she shake he hand . he move .. she nail frankie ( cont 'd ) now move you foot , stand like a person whose gonna hit something . maggie move they how boss ? hem for she . frankie hit the baq . at once . frankie ( cont ' D} stop ! maggie what would I do wrong ? frankie two thing , first you ask I a question , then you ask another one . step aside . ( he take the stance ) it 's not about hit hard , it 's about hit right . he demonstrate , one step at a time . frankie ( cont 'd ) Count with I . I drive my leave fist straight through on one . ( continued ) haggis/2003 38 . 45 continued : ( 4 ) 45 maggis can you show I that again ? frankie say one . maggie one . frankie one one , my weight be on my right foot , see ? scrap watch from che shadow of the back hall . frankie ( cont 'd ) then I rock over and put weight on my leave foot and leave it there while on two I punch the bag -- and we start a montage of frankie training she . 46 int . maggie' apartment -- night 46 maggie sit at she table in front of two small pile of cash . she finish write a letter and stuff one of the pile of cash into it , seal it ... frankie {( v.0.} -- with the butt of my leave fist like iwas stickin ' it with a ice pick from the side . ... and address the envelope to " Mrs. harline fitzgerald . " 47 int . hit pit -- day 47 maggie watch frankie intently . frankie ( v.0 . ) while my weight 's on my leave foot , I drive through the bag on three . 48 int . hollywood diner ~- night 48 maggie take a big order . frankie ( v.0 . } now I drop my weight back over to my right foot again ... {continued ) 48 49 50 haggis/2003 3g . continued : 4g close on her feet she rock back on she right while stand there . back to the gym - another day 49 shawrelle try to pretend he be not watch frankie , be not try to pick something up . frankie and on four I do the ice-pick move with my right . you do it . frankie step away , maggie try she very best , which be pretty god awful . frankie watch for as long as he can . frankie ( cont 'd ) just keep doin 's it . he walk away to let she work . in a series of time cut we see maggie get better as the day pass , until that bag swing sweet and fast in a perfect figure eight . danger mimic . scrap can not take he eye off she . shawrelle scoff , go back to sparring with Omar . frankie sneak a peek up from he book . maggie finally stop , sweat , hand on she knee and breathe hard . she look up to see frankie come . frankie ( cont 'd ) Rest when you be dead . he snatch up the punch mitt and walk off . she straighten up and follow he . scrap v.o . to make a fighter , you gotta strip ‘em down to bare wood . frankie 59 wear the punch mitt , let she hammer away at they . ( continued ) 590 wi be 52 53 54 haggis/2003 continued : frankie , jab , jab , double up . do it again . two of they , one-two . one - two hook . two jab , vight -hand , jab , jab , double up , jab , hook , come back with the right hand . do it again . do it again . frankie - another day he grab she calve , pull they 40 . 50 scrap v.0 , . you can not just tell they ' forget everything you know ' , you gotta make they forget it in they bone ; make they so tired they only listen to you , only hear you voice , only do what you say , and nothing else . you show they how to stand ... closer together . scrap v.o. keep they leg under shoulder ... prankie -- another day do it again . scrap v.0 show they how to keep t frankie & maggie -- another day frankie work she in the ring . shoulder , a one finger jab . frankie : see how you blink when itouch you . if I be touch you , I be turn you . if I be turn you , I be take you balance . do it . ( she try ) you take my balance , you take my fight . Sally mendoza watch maggie . in the ring - another day frankie show maggie how to : scrap v.o they gotta know how t ring . they 52 heir balance ... 53 he keep touch she on the scrap v.0 . ... and take it away from the other guy . frankie notice he watch . 54 of cut off the 55 57 58 59 haggis/2003 , 4l. on the floor ss she mimic frankie 's balance work .. scrap v.o0 . how to generate momentum off you right toe and back at the punch mitt 56 maggie slam they with much more power and certainty . scrap v.o. how to flex you knee when you fire a jab . maggie think I be ready for a fight , boss ? he ignore she . back in the ring -- another day 57 show she ... scrap v.o. how to fight back up , so the other guy do not wanna come after ya . and then you gotta show they all again . frankie - at the heavy bag sb grab she ankle , pull they closer together . scrap v.o. over and over and over . jump cut as he do this three more time . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) till they think they be bear that way . int . hit pit -- another day 53 maggie spar with a muscular Hispanic woman . scrap take a fifty cent tip from a black fighter for do some errand . scrap do appreciate it . {continued ) haggis/2003 42. a .o 59 continued : he look up at the ring , admire maggie . she be all lean muscle now , but she face be bett red . frankie call from the bleacher , wave she down . frankie you be not breathe . maggie ( panting ) hate to disagree with you . prankie you be hold you breath when you punch . you get under pressure , you hold you breath . stop do that . maggie sit beside he on the bleacher . maggie okay . but other than that , I be do pretty good , right ? I mean , for a girl . frankie would not know , do not train girl . maggie you think I might be ready for a fight , boss ? frankie find a manager , ask he . maggie like the , but you be keepin ' I too busy . ( beat ) you get any family , boss ? scrap look over , know she 's on dangerous ground . frankie why ? maggie you just spend all this time with I . do not know if you have any family . scrap try to pretend he 's work and not listen . ( continued ) 59 haggis/2003 43. continued : frankie di ( 2 ) 59 frankie no . get a daughter . Katy maggie that 's family . frankie we be not really close . maggie how much she weigh ? frankie what ? maggie trouble in my family come by the pound . frankie she be not that big . good athlete . do not know if she keep it up . sappear into a hole he think he step over . maggie sense this , decide to pull he back out . maggie so , what do you think ? I ready for a fight ? frankie look up . something 's change in he face , but she do not know what . frankie look around , spot Sally mendoza . frankie Sally , come ' ere . scrap see what 's happen , try to cut it off . scrap frankie ? get a problem in back . can I see you about it ? frankie {to maggie ) Sally here 's a good manager . get two boy Golden glove . ( to Sally ) you lock for a girl ? sally lockin ' for a good one . ( continued ) 53 60 haggis/2003 44 . continued : ( 3 ) 53 frankie then here you go. ito maggie ) good work with ya , girlie . maggie try to keep she face from fall to the floor as she watch frankie walk . sally I be not lyin ' , I be watch you work , you gotta a hell of a right . maggie thank you . frankie get over to scrap . frankie what 's this big problem ? scrap no problem . no problem at all . frankie walk back to he office . maggie eye he all the way , barely listen to Sally . sally you want to give this a try , see if it 's a fit ? maggie meet scrap 's eye , he give she a little smile . maggie yeah , sure . sally good , cause I think you be ready for a fight . with the sound of a bell we be in ... int . club ring -- night 60 some club , someplace , who care . what we care about be maggie , sit on she stool , bloody and beat and confuse . her eye dart to Sally , who mop she up . ( continued ) 60 haggis/2003 45 . continued : 60 maggie what be I doin ' wrong , Sally ? every time I get inside she 's on I . sally you be do great , you be wear she down , just keep punch . maggte I be not do great , I be losin’ . sally you be wear she down . Sally climb out . the bell ring again and maggie go after she opponent , and immediately start take more punishment . frankie stand in the shadow against the back wall , he hand cover most of he face . serap join he . scrap Nice night , be not it ? maggie drop she leave and be punish for it . frankie wince . frankie Jesus Christ . scrap that 's lonnie Washington 's girl , she a hell of a fighter . eleven and 0 . lonnie get some good fighter . he get joey adagio , lightweight champ . frankie keep you leave up ! scrap would not be my choice for a first fight . but Sally 's a good manager , must think she can take she . maggie 's opponent come over she leave again . frankie Jesus h -- keep you leave upi you leave ! ( continued ) 60 haggis/2603 46 . continued : ( 2 ) 690 scrap think she can hear you from back here ? frankie you leave ! maggie get inside on sheer gut , go to town on the girl 's torso . the girl push she back and come over maggie 's lazy leave , catch she hard . frankie ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! scrap course , maggie lose , it do not mean much to Sally . might even help he . lonnie 's girl get another win , maybe lonnie let Sally 's lightweight fight joey adagio for the title . frankie Sally 's try to set a fight with adagio ? scrap what do I know ? I just come cause I enjoy the fight . maggie drop she leave again and pay the price . frankie mother of God -- the bell ring and frankie spring off the back wall . he 's ringside before the fighter even get to they corner , call up through the rope . frankie ( cont 'd ) c'mere - c'mere ! maggie ace to he , squatting . Sally be in the ring with the stool in he hand ... sally {to maggie ) hey ! get over here ! frankie you be drop you leave hand ! {continued} 60 haggis/2003 ' 47. continued : ( 3 ) 60 sally frankie , you mind if I talk to my fuckin ! fighter ? frankie you be do a hell of a job with she there , Sally . you give the same advice to you lightweight ? ref Dunn , what the hell you doin ' ? frankie talkin ' , what be you doin ' ? ref this you fighter ? sally it 's my fighter . maggie ( to Sally ) it be not fittin ' real well , Sally . sally Fine ! you take she ! can not fight worth a shit anyway . Sally climb out of the ring . ref somebody tell I what 's go on ! prankie I be late , Sally be just workin ' till I get here . rep you be tell I this be you fighter ?? frankie yeah , this be my fighter . maggie 's eye almost tear up . the ref walk off with : rep then you get ten second ! ( continued ) 60 haggis/2003 continued : ( 4 ) 60 maggie I keep hold my leave up , boss , then I throw a punch and it keep droppin’ . frankie so , leave it down . maggie that would be a lot easier . frankie she think she know ya , keep comin ' over that leave , she be not lookin’ anywhere else . you let it drop and watch fox she cock that big right of hers , hear I ? maggie I hear you , boss . scrap osnatch it ) get the stool ! the bell sound . maggie stand , frankie grab she wrist pull she back to the rope . prankie she cock the right , take a short step back and fire a good night hook . you get one in you ? maggie get it right here . ref fight or I be call it ! frankie then go give it to she . the fighter circle , trading jab . scrap step up to frankie carry the stool . scrap want the stool ? frankie it 's the fourth round of a four - rounder . ( continued ) 60 61 haggis/2603 43. continued : ( 5 ) 60 maggie throw a couple jab . her opponent watch , wait for the leave to drop . maggie jab again . scrap v.o . the body know what fighter do not : how to protect itself . a neck can only twist so far . twist it just a hair more and the body say ' I will take it from here , cause you obviously do not know what you be do ' maggie pull a jab back , let she leave drop . watch . see that right shoulder cock . as the punch come maggie drop back unharme and unpack a powerful hook . it snap she opponent 's head hard to the right , make she body go limp ... scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) ' lie down now , rest and we will talk about this when you regain you sense . 's ... and she find comfort on the canvass . int . club frankie 's scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) it 's call the knockout mechanism . scrap ( co frankie} see the way she do that ? sugar Ray would do that . girl 's get sugar . dressing room 61 pump water into he dehydrated fighter . frankie you forget the rule . what 's the cule ? maggie keep my leave up ? frankie protect yourself at all time . it 's a rule . what 's the rule ? maggie protect myself at all time . ( beat ) you give I away . how be that protect I ? {continued} haggis/2003 so. 61 continued : 61 frankie ... be not maggie ... 5' okay . {beat} I be gonna work on my leave , boss . frankie drink you water . maggie other than that , how would I do ? frankie you do fine . maggie ... you gonna leave I again ? frankie never . . ( beat ) that place you work , they have lemon pie ? maggie sure , frankie they use that can fill crap ? maggte Big can , yea size . say " homemade " on the label . frankie offer a crack of a smile . frankie take the weekend off . maggie it 's only Thursday , boss . frankie you argue with I ? maggie , know better than to do that , boss . ( continued ) you for haggis/2003 61 continued : ( 2 ) 61 scrap v.o. all fighter be pig head some way or other . 62 ext . ST . raymond' catholic church -- early morning 62 Father horvath wait at the door . scrap V ,0 . some part of they always think they know better than you about somethin’ . frankie be last out . frankie can you spare two minute for the immaculate conception ? the priest respond by go inside and lock the door . 63 int . maggie' apartment -- early morning 63 she 's sit at she table , read a letter . we scan the word : ... neéd more money ... scrap v.o. Truth be , even if they be wrong , even if that one thing be gonna be the ruin of they ... maggie take the bill out of she tip jar and fold it into a letter . 64 int . the hit pit -- continuous 64 as frankie come down the stair , pass fighter wait for trainer . scrap v.0o . if you can beat that last bit out of they , then they be not fighter at all . frankie turn the corner , see maggie work the heavy bag , sweat like she 's be at it since dawn . franrie Said I see you Monday . magsie you sure do , boss . ( continued ) 64 haggis/2003 52 . continued : 64 frankie that be last night . maggie you ask I not to argue with you . frankie waik away . int . frankie' office -- moment later 65 scrap sit , he foot up , watch maggie work herself down to the bone . frankie stand propped against the desk , stare alongside he . frankie woman will not do a damn thing I tell she . scrap you want my advice ? prankie why be not you wear shoe ? scrap airing out my foot . frankie you get big hole in you sock . scrap not that big . frankie I think I give you money to buy new one . scrap this be my sleep sock . my foot like a little air at night . frankie so , why you wear they in the daytime ? scrap daytime sock get too many hole . frankie if I give you more money , will you buy sock ? . ( continued ) 65 66 67 68 69 haggis/2003 ° 53. continued : scrap I would be tempt to . but it might make it way to the track . could not say for sure . and they just keep stare at maggie , she be a marvel . int . some club - some place -- night as maggie ko 's she next opponent . scrap v.o. do not take maggie long the hit she stride . int . another club - another night maggie knock the next one to the mat . girl bounce back up , maggie put she down again . int . another club - another night this girl go down just as fast and hard . int . club dressing room -~ later that night frankie unlace maggie 's glove . maggie get the breathe thing down . frankie you be not hold you breath cause you be not in the ring long enough . you gotta quit knock out this girl in the first round . maggie think that be the point , boss . frankie Point be for you to get good , and to get good you need fight ; and I will not be able to get you any if you keep knock they out in the first round . nobody want to see they fighter embarrassed . maggie why be I still do four-rounders , boss ? ( continued ) 66 67 68 69 693 70 71 haggis/2003 54 . continued : 63 frankie because you be not get the lung to go six - round yet . maggie I do if I keep knock they out in the first round . he give she a lock . she give he a impish smile . int . another club - another night 70 the bell ring , a tough lock girl come out of the corner , head for maggie . scrap v.0 . frankie make she fight one more four - rounder , just to let she know who be boss . maggie fake a leave hook and the girl step into maggie 's vicious right haymaker . the girl hit the mat . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) maggie leave no doubt about it . maggie head back to she corner with a shrug for frankie . maggie sorry , boss . int . another club - another night 74 maggie face a muscular Hispanic girl , who be dish it out as good as she get . scrap v.0 . her first six rounder do not go quite as smooth . maggie catch she under the jaw and finish she off . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) maggie do not knock she out till the end of the first round . as the girl be count out : scrap v.0 . ( cont 'd ) after that , no manager want to put he fighter in with maggie . 72 73 74 haggis/2003 55 . int . frankie' office -- day 72 frankie hand a envelope full of cash to the manager sit across from he . the manager count it . scrap v.o. frankie have to go inte he pocket to get she decent fight , sweeten the purse by pay manager on the side . frankie do the same again , this time it 's another manager . then a third . int . frankie' office -- day 73 frankie 's sit at the desk , but nobody 's sit across from he . scrap v.o . that only work for so long . then frankie do something he hate do . he take a chance . int . another club - another night 74 slow motion . a deadly look black girl in dredlock stare right into maggie 's soul . scrap v.o . and move she up in class . maggie jab , snap she leave back . jab , jab , snap she leave back ; not high enough . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) that coulda be a mistake . dredlock come over maggie 's leave and hit she with a lead weight right . and everything go quiet as maggie 's nose break . maggie dance back , shake it off as best she can , but the blood be pour . and the bell ring . maggie drop onto she stool . frankie be in the ring in a flash , fend off the ring doctor who want a look . frankie gimme two goddamn second ! ( more ) he move off as frankie go to work on maggie . the nose be spread across she face ; just touch it make she wince . {continued } 74 haggis/2003 56 . continued : 74 frankie ( cont 'd ) it 's break . maggie dang ! maggie be at the point of tear , but not from the pain . maggie ( cont 'd ) fix it . frankie can not . it 's break , no way to stop the blood . maggie you can fix it . frankie toca not . I have to calli it . maggie I see what you can do ! fix it ! frankie I can crack it back in place , but I can not stop the bleed . Ring doctor 's gonna call it . she stop shouting and dig down deep into some pain we can only glimpse . maggie please , frankie . if you can stop the blood I can beat she . everything in frankie say do not do this . but he shove a rag into she mouth , take she nose between he thumb and forefinger and crack it back into place . maggie almost bite through that rag before he yank it back out . frankie try not to look into she eye as he clean out the blood and pack adrenaline rich salve up she nose . prankie inhale . maggie what ? frankie inhale ! ( continued ) 74 haggis/2003 57 . continued : ( 2 ) 74 maggie what ? frankie breathe in ! she do . silence as maggie suck the adrenaline deep into she nasal cavity . by the time the sound of the ring swell back in she 's miss half of what frankie 's say : frankie ( cont 'd ) -- about twenty second before that turn into a geyser and you will be soray blood all over the front row . twenty second , that 's all you get . the ring doctor be there , do a quick check . ring doctor okay ! frankie give maggie one last deep look and climb out . the bell ring and everything go silent again -- except for the throbbing in maggie 's ear . she stride out of she corner , fire in she eye . her opponent throw everything she 's get . maggie duck and cripple the girl with two blow to the solar plexus . the girl pull she arm down to protect she gut and maggie hammer she in the temple . she clutches . maggie shove she away and deliver a lightning combination that put she out . the girl fall in slow motion , maggie turn to look for frankie . she do not hear he whisper : frankie Mo cuishle . int . emergency room -- night 75 pack . maggie have she head back , cotton in she nose , a ice - pack on she face . scrap sit between she and frankie , who pretend to read he book . maggie look to frankie : maggie ( unintelligible ) whatcha readin ' ? frankie {to scrap ) what the hell she say ? ( continued ) haggis/20c03 58. 75 continued : 75 scrap want to know what you be read . frankie yeat ; keep you head back . scrap talk a little yeat to she , show she what a treat that be . frankie when the hell they gonna get to she ? maggie ( almost unintelligible ) I be okay , frankie . frankie what would you learn tonight ? maggie ( lift ice pack ) always protect myself . frankie that 's the rule . what 's the rule ? maggie always protect myself . a nurse step into the room with a clipboard . nurse Margaret fitzgerald ? frankie steer maggie over to the nurse , who walk she off . frankie I will be right here . frankie sit again . scrap how ya do ? frankie I be not the one hurt . scrap Broken nose do not hurt that much . ( continued ) v7 78 79 wt of haggis/2003 continued : ( 2 ) 75 frankie why you tell I ? scrap no reason . scrap v.o. but some wound be too deep or too close to the bone . ext . ST . raymond' catholic church -- morning 76 frankie come out . his head 's somewhere else . father horvath ( call after he ) do you write you daughter ? frankie every week . father horvath I have no idea why you come to church . and frankie walk off . int . frankie' kitchen -- day v7 frankie sit , pen poise over a blank sheet of paper . he put it down and rub he eye . scrap v.0 . and no matter how hard you work it , you just can not stop the bleed . int . a ring somewhere -- night 78 scrap v.0 . maggie 's next two fight be easy . maggie flatten a opponent ... int . another ring -- another night 73 knock down a second . scrap v.o. maybe too easy . ( more ) maggie turn to frankie , not as happy as she should be about the win . ( continued ) 79 bo 81 82 haggis/2003 60 . continued : 79 scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) after she twelfth straight knock out , frankie get a couple real good offer . the first be the fight -- int . ring in a large venue - germany -- day 80 billie the blue bear , a big-bust , masculine look Russian , pants in she corner between round . scrap v.o. ~- billy " the Blue bear " astrakhov for the wba welterweight title . billie be a former prostitute , billie come out of the corner breathe fire . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) -- a banger who wade in wing shot from all angle , easily beat girl from Berlin to Australia . have a reputation for be the dirtiest fighter in the rank . billie jam the palm of she glove into she opponent 's nose . the nose break instantly and the girl hit the mat . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) do not seem to matter to she that something like that could kill a person . the crowd go nut . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) and the crowd love she . especially in Germany . int . frankie' office -- night 81 frankie hang up the phone . scrap v.g . he turn it down without even tell she . int . hit pet -- day 82 frankie 's head out . scrap hand he the counter phone . frankie talk , under : {continued } 82 83 haggis/2003 61 , continued : 82 scrap v.0 . the next be to fight the british champ , a jamaican girl billie just beat . frankie hang up . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) he turn that down , too . int . hollywood diner -- day 83 maggie pour frankie a half a cup of coffee . maggie that 's a lotta money , boss . frankie you be make money . why you still work here ? she fill the remain half with cream . maggie it 's a title match , right ? frankie you british ? then you can not take she title away ; she get nothing to lese , you get nothing to win . magsie might still be a good fight . frankie I just move you up to welterweight . not good enough for you to fight contender , you have to fight some bullshit champ ? maggie do not notice I be fight contender . frankie I can find you another manager any time you like . ( more ) that sting . frankie know it be a shitty thing to say . so , he have to make it worse . ( continued ) 84 85 haggis/2003 62. continued : 83 frankie ( cont 'd ) maybe you learn to protect you face , I would not have to turn down ali that money . maggie : my face out there so much , it 's a miracle I be not be knock out yet , boss . she walk off to serve someone else , leave frankie to stew . int . hit pit -- night 84 almost all the light be off . Close on maggie' hand , as she wind adhesive tape around she leave wrist , then lift the roll over she shoulder and stick the tape to the skin on the back of she neck . she pull it down over the other side and wind it around she leave wrist again , so that she glove be hold up in front of she face . she pull she right glove on with she tooth and step out of shot . thud . thud . maggie bang away at the heavy bag with she right . CUT . she 's cover in sweat and still pound , circle . CUT . her shirt be drench , she leave be throbbing , she right hurt every time it smack the bag . she keep hit it harder . scrap watch from the shadow of the back hall . scrap you can not work here no more tonight . she stop , shake off she glove , unwind the tape and strip it off the back of she neck , take hair and skin with it . she drop she stuff in she fight bag . scrap ( cont 'd ) I get we a reservation . maggie look up at he , not expect this . scrap ( cont 'd ) you may want to shower . int . broadway diner ~~ later that night 85 Hair wet , maggie sit at the counter with scrap near the back of the restaurant . ( continued ) 85 haggis /2003 63. oa or continued : the waiter put a cupcake down , a candle burn atop . she stare at it , think . scrap ai not no big secret what you be wishing for , go ahead and blow . she do , take a knife , cut it in two . scrap bite in . scrap ( cont 'd ) thirty - three be not so old . I be still fight when I be thirty - nine . fought twenty - three year . the door open , scrap turn to see mickey mack , dress like he 's be out on the town . mickey mack how ya do , scrap ? scrap do good , mickey . mickey take a seat at the far end of the counter . scrap look to maggie . scrap ( cont 'd ) you two be not talk ? maggie do not hardly know he . scrap met frankie just after my thirty - seventh birthday . he be pick up job as a cut man . he would patch I up when I think it be impossible . good man to have in you corner . maggie yes , he be . scrap stay with I through my last fight , in San berdoo . my manager be off gettin ' drunk , so it be just frankie and I , and I be takin ' a mean beatin' . everybody get a particular number of fight in they , but nobody tell you what that number be . mine be a hundred and nine . {more ) ( continued ) continued : haggis/2003 64 . ( 2 } 85 scrap ( cont 'd ) I just refuse to believe it . fourth round , this cut open up . ( point to a scar over he blind eye ) blood start pour into my eye . they shoulda stop the fight , but I be a black man in San berdoa , blood be what I be there for . so , round after round I get frankie to patch I up , and he keep say he 's gonna throw in the towel ; but he be not my manager , he can not throw in nothin' . round after round , he 's argue with I and I be damn near laughin ' , cause it 's tearin ' he up more than I . {beat} I go fifteen round , lose by decision . lose my eye the next morning . ( beat ) in twenty - three year , he 's never say a word about it . do not have to , I see it every time he look at I . somehow frankie think he shoulda stop that fight . shoulda save my eye . live every day wishing he coulda take back that 109th fight . I want to go to 110 . still do . ( beat ) man love fighter more than he love the fight . and we love he back . but ... if you wanna get to the title , maybe he be not the guy to take you there . maggie 's stunne , never expect to hear this from scrap . he count out he coin and place they on the bill . maggie you tell Mr. mack we would be here tonignt ? scrap you finish you cupcake . and he walk out . she watch he all the way to the door . scrap v.o0 . it 's the rule . always protect yourself . ( more ) {continued } 86 87 88 haggis/2003 , 65 . continued : ( 3 ) 85 scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) people never take they own advice . tf she be gonna leave frankie , better she do it to he then . the door close behind scrap . maggie look to mickey mack . she stand and walk to he , maggie Mr. mickey mack ? I be maggie fitzgerald . she hold out she hand , he take it , swallow he food . maggie ( cont 'd ) I hear you be a real good manager , do good thing for Big Willie . but I think you should know that I be not ever leave Mr. Dunn , 30 you do not have to make any more excuse to bump into I . sorry for interrupt you dinner . and she walk out . scrap v.o. maggie always do like take they out in the first round . and the door close and mickey mack have to laugh . int . frankie' bungalow -~- night be frankie unlock he door , pick up the mail that 's heen drop through the slot . he leaf through they as he walk into he kitchen . one of they make he stop . int . frankie' bedroom -- moment later 87 frankie open a shoebox . it 's full of identical unopen letter . he place this letter in the box , put the box on the high shelf in he closet , alongside several similar box , and close the closet door . he sit on he bed and try to not think . and fail . and for a first time we glimpse the crack in he soul . ext . venice neighborhood -- early morning 88 frankie sit in he plymouth outside of maggie 's building , wear yesterday 's suit . he check he watch . 83 haggis/2003 66 . int . maggie' apartment -- moment later bg frankie inspect the place . he hate it . frankie what the hell you be do with you money ? maggie save it . she disappear into the bathroom to fill up the kettle . frankie good girl . frankie amble over to the bureau , where maggie 's checkbook lie beside she tip jar . he finger it as he talk . frankie ( cont 'd ) when you save enough , you need to buy yourself a little house . Cash , no mortgage . he see the entry -- most make out to earline fitzgerald . maggie ( 0.8 . } gonna be a while before I can do that . frankie May be a stretch at first , but you need a place that 's yours . you put it off , buy stuff that do not mean anything , what have you get ? she come back with the kettle , put it on the hot plate . frankie ( cont 'd ) wait too long , you end up with nothin maggie okay . soon as I get the money . prankie make a lot of mistake in my life . just try to keep you from do the same . maggie T know , boss . ( continued ) eo 30 haggis/2003 67 . continued : 83 frankie well , I be not gonna live forever . hand she the video tape he 's be hold . maggie what be it ? frankie tape of the girl you be fight in England . you gonna get the title , we better start make some move . she leap into he arm , leg around he waist . frankie ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! get the hell off I ! you know how old I be ? maggie thank you , boss . thank you so much . frankie dust put the damn tape in . maggie put it where , boss ? frankie look around the room . no tv. damn . int . fprankie's bungalow -- day 30 frankie and maggie watch the tape . the jamaican girl , young , strong and assure , trade blow with a yugoslav who look twice she size . maggie how old be she ? frankie twenty-two . maggie twenty-two ? when she get to be champ ? frankie you will ask she when she 's on the mat . the other girl 's a heavyweight . it 's a exhibition , charity thing . and with that , the jamaican knock the yugoslav cold dead out . the tape stop . maggie do not speak for a moment . {continued } 90 91 haggis/2003 6g . continued : he disappe 30 maggie she 's a good fighter . frankie yep . maggie think I woulda be that good at she age ? prankie think you be that good now . maggie maybe I miss it , frankie . maybe you be right . maybe I be too old . frankie you could be. ( stand ) which woulda be a real waste of my time . , ar into the kitchen . int . a ancient sporting good store -- day 31 frankie st than he , frankie di and across the counter from a man ten year older a catalogue open between they . frankie mo-cuishile#e . how much that gonna be ? proprietor two hundred and eight buck . frankie you gotta be kid . proprietor silk . gs into he wallet . frankie Fine . ( pay it . a think ) how much extra for a harp ? proprietor seventy - five dollar . { more ) ( continued ) gl 92 haggis/2003 `s . continued : 91 prankie make the decision , each bill he count out cause he great pain . proprietor ( cont 'd ) you want real gold thread ? frankie look up , know what 's come . wait for it . proprietor ( cont 'd ) forty dollar . frankie stare right through the back of he head . then reach into he wallet . int . a cavernous dressing room - london -- night 92 the place be so large that it dwarf frankie and maggie . he tape she second hand , maggie test it . a pakistani man with cockney accent peek in through the door : pakistani ten minute , love . maggie thank you . ( to frankie} man say he love I . frankie I be sure he 's not the first . maggie first since my daddy . I win , you think he will propose ? prankie you win , I 'il propose . it be a joke , something say off the cuff , but suddenly frankie feel embarrassed . maggie sense it , be charme . frankie snatch a box out of the bag on the floor . franki£ ( cont 'd ) hurry up and put this on . she look at he , curious , then tear it open to find a Kelly green silk robe . she turn it over , see a golden gaelic harp and the word Mo cuishle emblazon in celtic lettering . maggie I think they give you somebody else 's . {continued } 32 33 94 haggis /2003 70 . continued : 92 frankie it 's yours . maggie what 's it mean ? frankie nothin ' , it 's gaelic . go fight . she decide to leave it at that . she flick it open and as it unfurl ... int . london arena -- night 93 prankie walk maggie toward the ring . a couple of young trish man on the aisle take notice of she robe . one whisper to the other . scrap v.o . she be not the main attraction . a red-headed woman notice the robe and say something to the man beside she . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) she be on the undercard of a middleweight title fight . bam ! 94 the tough jamaican punch maggie like a speed train . her fist fly so fast maggie can barely block the punch . scrap v.o . but ask someone who be there , they could not tell you whe else fight that night . maggie dance away , overwhelm , try to figure out how to fight this girl . frankie yell from the corner . the jamaican charge and smother maggie in punch . maggie block and dance away ; she can not get a punch off . the bell . maggie hit the stool . maggie dang , she 's tough . I can not get inside . I can not get close enough to hit she . : ( continued ) 34 haggis/2003 . 71 . continued : 34 frankie you know why that be ? maggie what , boss ? frankie she 's a better fighter than you . she 's young , she 's stronger and she 's get more experience . {off maggie 's reaction ) now what be you gonna do about it ? slam 95 back into the ring . the jamaican charge . maggie sidestep and counterpunch , landing a stun combination to the torso . a lone cheer come up from the crowd : irish man Mo cuishle !! the jamaican come back with amazing speed . maggie block and counter , rock she back with a uppercut to the jaw . second irish man Mo cuishle !! now three together Mo cuishle !!! Mo cuishle !! maggie look around , confuse by the shouting . with she guard down , the jamaican connect . maggie beat back the attack . several more people take up the chant . trish fan Mo cuishle !! Mo cuishlel ! the bell . maggie bang she butt down onto the seat . frankie pump water into she . the irish fan be still chanting . maggie what the hell do you write on I ? frankie worry about the fight . ( morei {continued ) 95 96 haggis/2003 72 . oo ui continued : frankie ( cont 'd ) she 's throw too many punch , try to take you out early . for once in you life do not play that game . she 's gonna wind down like a coy . you wait for it , then take she down . maggie you be not gonna tell I what it mean , be you ? frankie wish I know . frankie grab the stcol and climb out . the bell sound and the jamaican rush , throw punch so fast she look like she have four arm . maggie block , then counter with a flurry of she own . the irish crowd go wild and now almost all of they be chant : irish fan Mo cuishle !! Mo cuishle !! Mo cuishle !! Mo cuishle !! the jamaican stagger , maggie press , unleash a gorgeous combination , end in a hook that spin the jamaican on she heel and drop she to the mat . the irish fan go wild ! maggie dance back to the corner as the ref count the jamaican out . frankie grin , shake he head . he call up to she , but she can not hear he over the yell and the chant . int . cavernous dressing room - london arena -~ night 96 the sudden silence be shocking . frankie pull off she glove . the robe 's over she shoulder . she keep she eye on he . maggie I could ask someone , you know . frankie ask . if you find out , you can tell I , too . he lock down and keep unwind . it 's a shame , because he miss maggie 's beautiful smile . extreme wide shot - same frankie unwind the dress and check she hand , under : ( continued ) 96 a7 38 haggis/2003 73. continued : 26 scrap v.o. whatever it mean , the name stick . maggie fight in Edinburgh and Paris , Brussels and Amsterdam ; it be always Mo cuishle . seem there be irish people everywhere , or people who wanna be . by the time they come back to the States ... int . casino arena -- night 37 maggie fight a tough Puerto rican girl . scrap v.o. maggie be in a whole new league . fan macushla ! macushla ! she knock the girl down with a blow the the temple . the girl hit the mat and grab she head , writhe in pain . maggie watch she , dumfounded . in the stand the fan keep cheer ' macushla ' , unfaze . the Blue bear and she manager sit ringside . scrap v.0 . after that they get another offer to fight for the title . int . casino bar -- night 98 prankie stand at the bar with the Blue bear and she manager . frankie what 's the split ? billte' manager sixty-forty . frankie good , we take sixty , you take forty , see that maggie be the draw . billie ( laugh ) that little girl ? ( continued ) continued : haggis/2003 74 . 98 prankie {co billie ) you think I be wrong ? really ? you think people be say : '' I can not wait to see that scabby Russian dyke fight ' what 's -her - name ' ? " lotta people in here . find one that say that and we will take the forty . das vadanya . and frankie walk off . int . casino restaurant -- evening 39 frankie drop into the seat across from maggie . frankie they come up to sixty - forty . they will come back with fifty . maggie how 's that girl do ? frankie , concussion and bust eardrum . maggie she be all right ? frankie what if she be not ? maggie think I could send she somethin' ? frankie you could give she the purse , probably would not turn it down . maggie get the point . it 's a hard game . frankie look at she do the same . maggie boss ? that little house we talk about ? I buy it . frankie smart girl . maggie buy it for my momma . ( more ) ( continued ) haggis/2003 75 . 99 continued : ag maggie ( cont 'd ) only about a mile from where she life now . no mortgage , just like you say . frankie go back to the menu . frankie you be a good daughter . maggie ... mamma do not know about it yet . I be hope we could stay a extra day , drive over there . I know momma want to meet you . frankie we could do that . and he hide hig thought in the menu . 100 int . rental car - highway 160 , missouri -- morning 100 frankie and maggie drive in silence , pass one tiny depressed town after another until they puli into : 16 k ext . trailer park lol they pass a line of rusted trailer ; kid and dog everywhere , family sprawle in lawn chair and watch television . they pull to a stop in front of a rusting mobile home . 162 angle on frankie' car ( time CUT ) 102 the passenger door open and a gargantuan leg swing out and hit the ground , follow by a second . the back door open and a equally large leg find the earth . we move up to see earline and she daughter mardell emerge from frankie 's car . mardell carry a scream child . her four- year old boy scramble out of the back seat as maggie rise from the other side of the car , she excitement obvious . earline this be the Johnson 's old house . maggie not anymore . 103 int . brick bungalow -- moment later 103 maggie open the door , burst with pride . the four-year old run past , mardell waddle in after she , the baby still ( continued ) 163 haggis/2003 76 . continued : 163 scream . earline stop in the doorway , have a hard time understanding what 's happen here . maggie it 's yours mamma . for you and mardell and the kid . earline enter , take it all in . frankie hang back at what he hope will be a safe distance . earline ...0h , Mary M. , you buy this for I ? maggie all yours , free and clear . earline oh , darlin ... mardell there 's no fridge . no stove neither . maggie they will be here fore you move in . earline how much money this cost you ? maggie you never mind that . earline you should not have do this . maggie you need a decent place . earline you should not a do it . she shoulda ask I first . {off maggie 's look} darlin ' , the government 's gonna find out about this house , they be gonna stop my welfare . maggie no , they be not mamma . earline yeah , they be . ( more ) ( continued ) 103 104 haggis/2003 . 77 . continued : ( 2 ) 103 ebarline ( cont 'd ) you be not , you be workin' , but I can not live without my welfare . maggie momma , I send you money . earline what about my medicine ? medicaid gonna cut I off . how be I suppose to get my medicine ? maggie mamma , I will send you more money ! mardell hope you do not expect j.d. to move in here with we . he 's gettin ' out , you know . earline why do not you just give I the money , why do you have to buy a house ? maggie do not have to , mamma . but it 's yours . you want the money , sell it . and maggie walk out . ext . trailer park -- evening 104 maggie carry mardell 's boy up and put he down on the porch , tussle he hair before turn away . earline I know you do not mean nothin ' hurtful by this . sometimes you just do not think thing through . maggie that 's true , mamma . earline I will try to keep the house , I just worry about all that expense . maggie I will send you some more money . earline touch the bruise on maggie 's face . ( continued ) 104 haggis/2003 78 . continued : 104 earline phat man hittin’ you ? maggie it 's from the fight . I be a fighter , mamma . earline ( with compassion ) find a man , Mary M. live proper . people hear ' bout what you be do and they laugh . hurt I to tell you , but they laugh at you . off maggie ... ext . theodosia - service station -- evening 105 frankie fill the tank . he look up from the pump , see maggie sit in the passenger seat , stare out the window , try not to feel or think and fail at both . something make she look at the old pickup at the other pump . a scrawny girl , maybe ten , sit in the pick up stroking the old hound dog beside she . her father return , hand she a string of red licorice , before lean across to pull she door shut . the girl smile at maggie before they drive off . frankie get back into the rental , see maggie smile . maggie you ever own a dog ? frankie nope . Close as I ever come be a middleweight from barstow . he start the car and they pull out . maggie my daddy have a german shepard , axel . axel 's hindquarters be so bad he have to drag himself room to room by he front leg . I and mardell would bust up watchin ' he scoot cross the kitchen floor . daddy be so sick by then , he could not hardly stand himself , but one morning he get up , carry axel to he rig and the two ef they go off into the wood , sing and howling . ( more ) ( continued ) ios 106 107 haggis/2003 72 . continued : 105 maggie ( cont 'd ) be not till he get home alone that night that I see the shovel in the truck . ( beat ) sure miss watchin' the two of they together . they drive past the shack set in the cedar and oak . maggie ( cont 'd ) I get nobody but you , frankie . frankie , yeah , you get I , till we find you a manager . and she smile . maggie can you stop just up here ? int . roadside diner -- night 106 the booth be so wear that one would think General Lee drop off here for a coffee on the way to gettysburg . a piece of lemon pie sit in front of frankie . he put a forkful in he mouth and he expression tell we everything . frankie I could die a happy man right now . maggie I use to come here with daddy . prankie be this place for sale ? Cause I have some savings . maggie watch he eat , every bite a explosion of pleasure . int . hit pit - frankie' office -- day 107 frankie 's on the phone . frankie Fine . ( more } he hang up , look out at the gym . see danger hunch over the ice chest , closely inspect a bottle of freeze water . serap appear in the doorway with a bucket and mop . ( continued ) 80 . 107 frankie ( cont 'd ) what the hell be danger look at ? scrap turn and look . scrap appear to be another bottle of water . scrap start on he way again . frankie hey . go to Vegas , wanna come ? scrap see you suffer over a nickel slot . my heart can not take that kinda pound anymore . frankie she get she title fight . Blue bear . million dollar , whacked down the middle . + scrap that 's real good . Real good . prankie . could use a good second . can not find one ; think I would ask you . scrap ... why the hell would I want to do that ? frankie because , you be a half - blind old fool who never get there yourself and I think you would like to see what it feel like to be in the ring at a title match . ' scuse I for feel sorry for ya . frankie do not mean this to hurt . scrap naw , you pick up somebody in Vegas . somebody with young hand . frankie oh , do not start cry ; I already get one girl . ( continued ) haggis /2003 gi. 107 continued : ( 2 ) 107 scrap I leave this place for one day , you get any idea what it will look like when I get back ? frankie lot like it do right now ? scrap appreciate the offer . frankie - Fine . frankie head out . scrap you tell maggie not to come back here without no belt . frankie nod , walk out . scrap watch he go . scrap v.o . the rule be do not run from the pain , step into it . but there 's another rule : when something 's over it 's over . scrap see danger next to he , the freeze water in he hand . danger mist scrap ? I get a question , but I feel stupid askin ' it . scrap there 's no such thing as a stupid question , danger . danger look at the bottle , try to formulate the think . scrap v.o. course , soon as you make a rule , someone 's there to break it . danger how would you get the ice in here through this little tiny hole ? I be thinkin ! on it , can not figure it out . scrap ... why do not I show you ? ( continued ) haggis/2003 82. 107 continued : ( 3 ) 10 ? danger you can do that ? you can show I ? scrap believe I can . as they walk into the back ... danger and I be thinkin 's I might be ready for a fight . scrap you de , do ya ? danger you do not ? scrap oh , '' do not know , you be comin’ along . 198 int . maggie' apartment -- day 108 excite , maggie finish pack as frankie enter . frankie get the ticket , let 's go . maggie so , wetre fly ? frankie , you want to drive ? maggie ... you be ask I ? frankie I be ask . you want to fly or drive ? maggie so , I finally get to decide something ? frankie that 's what I be say . maggie Fine . fly there , drive back . ( continued ) 108 109 110 haggis/2003 : 83. continued : 108 frankie that 's the stupidest thing I ever hear . how the hell we gonna do that ?! maggie you say it be up to I . she head out with she suitcase . frankie follow , know clearly there 's a good reason he do not train woman . scrap v.0 . there 's no real way to know what would happen if you do one thing and not the other . int . hit pit -- night 109 danger work himself into a sweat . scrap v.o. maybe you would still just end up in the wrong place at the wrong time . sorap pass shawrelle come out of the dress room . shawrelle toilet overflowin' . scrap toss he a disgust look and exit to get he bucket . shawrelle look around . in the dressing room 110 the place be flood , scrap step right into it . scrap jesus-h-mother-of-god . scrap jam he hand down the back of the tank , pull up the lever , stop the flow , and react to what we do not see . scrap ( cont 'd ) stupid old man , coulda be sittin ' in the mirage have a maitai and watchin ' naked girl . ( more ) angle on sink - time CUT scrap empty a bucket of filthy water . ( continued ) ii haggis/2003 84 . continued : 1:0 angle in booth - time CUT scrap flush the toilet . angle on floor - time CUT he mop up the last of it . stop as he hear shouting from the gym . he drop the mop and stride toward the door , come out to see : danger and shawrelle in the ring at the far side of the gym , shawrelle give danger a terrible beat . scrap ( cont 'd ) hey ! serap spring out of the hall , but he first step be bad -- a patch of unmopped water . scrap go sprawling . shawrelle double up he punch as scrap scramble for the ring . danger 's other eye burst open , but shawrelle can not knock he down . scrap careen off the fighter stand , stunne , around the ving . he lunge through the rope and slam shawrelle in the chest , shove he to the far corner . serap cradle danger 's swollen head in he hand -- he eye stare back like a dumb animal , so sick he 's ready to die , bloody slobber spilling from he mouth . scrap ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . it 's okay . the fighter stand around come to life again ; some give shawrelle ugly stare , other just walk off , one touch danger 's shoulder as scrap lower he to the bench . danger how would I do , mist scrap ? scrap you do great , danger , you my man , you a rock , shawrelle taunt from the ring . ( continued ) haggis/2003 85 . continued : ( 2 } 110 shawrelle flippy , you can not be do . you be not throw a punch . scrap stay focus on danger . scrap anybody can lose one fight . you come back from this , be the next champion of the world . danger offer a tiny smile through he bloody tooth . danger no , I will not , mist scrap . TI shoulda know . scrap can not look in he eye . he reach for danger 's glove . scrap here , baby , let I help you . danger I can do she , just untie the knot . serap do and danger manage to tug they off . shawrelle do not take you glove off , danger . you be not even use they yet . scrap {to danger ) I borrow this for a minute ? scrap pull on danger 's old glove and climb into the ring . shawrelle laugh at the sight . shawrelle oh , look , I get to fight a retard and a old man . and that 's the last word out of he mouth , as scrap nail he with a jab that could stun a elephant . but shawrelle be not go down that easy . he slam scrap on the side of he head , same side as he bad eye . scrap stagger but he do not go down . shawrelle try the same shot but scrap slip the punch , rotate into a half crouch and hit shawrelle with a leave hook to the liver . shawrelle dance back . scrap stalk he . shawrelle throw a powerful combination . scrap block and keep come . ( continued ) 210 lil 112 haggis/2003 86 . continued : ( 3 ) i210 shawrelle charge . scrap step aside , hit he with another leave hook to the liver , then a uppercut to the jaw that snap shawrelle 's head and put the bey down and out . scrap stand over shawrelle , pull off he glove . scrap one hundred and ten . he rolis he over with he toe , see shawrelle swim toward consciousness . spit - scrap ( cont 'd ) get a job , punk . shawrelle spit out a red tooth . scrap look to : the bench danger be not there . ext . the hit pit -- night 112 scrap step out onto the sidewalk , look up and down the empty street . danger be go . int . las vega casino arena -- the next night 112 maggie 's coiled in she rebe , look down the mouth of the corridor into the arena , where we hear the announcer and the murmur of the crowd . frankie stand beside she , along with a second they pick up here im town . from the arena we hear a lone fan shout out : fan ma-cush-la ! it 's echoed by another . second fan ma-cush-la ! maggie lock to frankie with the question . frankie win this , I will tell you what it mean . a assistant director cue they . showtime . frankie ( cont 'd ) by the way , I get you some piper . ( continued ) 112 113 haggis /2003 87 . continued : 112 and they walk down the tunnel to the sound of bagpipe ... and the piper lead she in . int . scrap' room 113 scrap sit on the edge of he cot watch tv , icing he swollen fist , as they pipe maggie into the ring . ring announcer -- the wba welterweight champion of the world , billie the Blue bear astrakhov ! the bear drop she electric blue robe , pull off she Russian fur hat , revealing a polished , shave head . she flexe she massive arm . scrap sweet Jesus . at the arena 114 maggie , in pale green , look iridescent under the color light . she stand in she corner serious and hard . frankie step in close to she face . frankie box she . stick that jab into she big tit till they turn blue and fall off . maggie nod . the bell ring , the bear charge , throw a right - lead haymaker . maggie slip under and , step to she leave , drill the bear with a right to the gut , hit the sweat spot of the solar plexus , and the bear go down gasp for air . the crowd leap to it 's foot , the cheer deafen . fan ma-cush-la ! but at the count of eight the bear get up smile and come after maggie , throw punch after punch . maggie bob and weave like mercury lap in a dish . angle on frankie and the second second ( in awe of maggie ) lock at the way she move . ( continued ) 114 115 haggis /2003 88. continued : li4 frankib yeah . frankie smile , proud . back in the ring maggie hurt the bear with a combination . the bear grab she . the ref separate they . the bear swing quickly , barely graze maggie . in the hit bit 115 a few fighter gather around a radio , listen the the fight . back in the arena 116 maggie sting the bear again . this time the Russian hold on to the bell . maggie' second grab for the stool , frankie snatch it . frankie I will get it - I will get it . frankie heft the heavy stcol through the rope . he have it in place before maggie get to the corner . they water and grease she . frankie ( cont 'd ) fight from the outside . you hearin‘ that ? maggie always hear you voice , boss . in the bear corner her manager talk to she . the bear just stare at maggie . in the stand a group of irish fan stand , shouting irish fan Mo cuishle !! the bell ring and ( continued ) 11 ? 11 119 120 121 haggis/2003 . bo. continued : 116 maggie go in fire sting jab . touch she , turn she , take she balance . int . hit pit 117 the fighter shout encouragement , . radio commentator the challenger dart in , land a combination to the head and body , another one . and a right hook stun the champ . in scrap' room 118 scrap inch closer to the edge of the cot on the screen billie grab maggie , try to turn the match into a brawl . in the arena 119 billie catch maggie with a elbow , then try to jam she palm into maggie 's nose . miss . the ref push they apart . maggie work she from the outside , shoot jab into billie 's chest like she 's ramming she with the end of a two by four . the bell sound . frankie swing the stool through the rope . in scrap' room 120 scrap lean back a bit , realize he 's sweat . in the arena 121 the bell sound and maggie spring out of she corner . the bear come out throw wild . slam . maggie rock the bear onto she heel and move in with a one - two hook that put billie on the canvas . frankie vise as the ref count . frankie stay down , you bitch , ( continued ) 121 haggis /2603 90 . continued : 121 fy four , five ... the bear bounce up and grab maggie , try to throw she to the mat . the ref be right in there -- ref ( cont 'd ) do that again , it will cost you a point ! billie ignore he , shove maggie again . the ref turn to the scorer table and signal they to ... ref ( cont 'd ) take away a point . and with he back turn he do not see the bear catch maggie with a elbow . frankie scream and point as .. a gash open up over maggie 's leave eye . the bell sound . frankie swing in the stool . maggie drop onto it . her second open up he kit . frankie take over , go to work on the cut . frankie it will be okay . it will be okay . maggie get no doubt , boss . with a flash we be back in ... the fight 122 maggie 's eye be almost swollen close . it do not stop she from nail billie repeatedly , knock the bear back into the rope . but billie stay up . head -butt maggie . ref two point ! you be warn ! maggie take the fight to billie again . billie head - butt she . the ref push she back , hold up five finger and yell . frankie scream over the din . the bell sound and frankie heave the stool in before it stop ringing . {continued } 122 123 124 haggis/2003 g 1. continued : 122 maggie drop onto it . frankie ice she eye . maggie eye be blur , boss . frankie wash she eye . frankie how many eye you need to fight ? maggie one 's enough . now what I do about the bear ? frankie you know how to step outside and go to the liver with a right hook ? maggie be doin ' that . she 's make of steel . frankie this time do not go to the liver , go to the cheek of she big dyke ass . stick you fist into she sciatic like a dagger and keep stickin ' it . maggie wo not the ref see that ? frankie not you keep the bear between you and he . the five second warning . flash maggie drive she fist into the bear 's right cheek . billie squawk in pain . the bear 's manager yell . as the ref turn he head maggie double up into the cheek and the bear leg buckle in pain . flash . maggie 123 slam punch after punch into the bear 's gut and head as the crowd scream . flash . maggie 124 jump the Russian with combination that have she head wobble and the crowd on its foot . ( continued ) 124 126 haggis/2063 32 . continued : she clobber billie with a hook to the jaw and the Russian go down to one knee . the ref count as ... back at the hit pit crap hold he breath . back in the arena the bear rise at nine . maggie throw another combination , turn the bear 's leg to jelly . scrap v.o . the ref be about to stop the fight ... maggie 's arm cock for a slam to the head , a open shot . the bell ring . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) ... when the bell ring . and we go into excruciate slow motion . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) one more punch woulda put the bear on the mat . but maggie catch she punch and pull it back . frankie heft the stool through the rope . maggie see frankie , drop she hand and turn to she right . the bear rip a punch into maggie 's blind eye . caught off balance , maggie stumble . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) the late punch scramble maggie 's inner ear . her leg buckle . she never be knock down , and she mind rebell against the think . maggie try to plant she foot , fail . frankie look up , see maggie fall toward the stcol . grab for it . maggie try to twist around to break she fall . twist too hard . ( continued ) 125 126 126 127 128 129 130 131 haggis/2003 $ 3. continued ; 126 her neck come down full force on the metal band of the stool . silence . just the sound of a neck break . all we hear now be maggie 's breathe . frankie scream as maggie slump to she side on the mat . scrap 127 watch in stunne horror . maggie' Pov 128 she see frankie over she , stretch she flat , the ring doctor run toward she . see the ref push billie back . even billie seem stunne . maggie exhales . her eye blink . but the next breath do not come . her eye close . black . silence . then she breathes and we hear ... paramedic ( v.0 . ) that 's right , breathe for I . fade up to see : maggie' Pov 129 she 's be carry on a stretcher as a paramedic work the ambu-bag cover she face . paramedic good girl , breathe ! through flutter eye she glimpsis frankie above she , then slip back into unconsciousness . black . we hear the sound of a ventilator and fade up : maggie' Pov - las vega general hospital - day 139 doctor work over she , talk in mumble voice ... black . fade up . maggie' Pov - frankie 131 stroke she hair , a two day growth on he face . he say something reassure , she can not hear it . black . fade up . ( continued ) be ww ay 132 133 134 haggis /2003 94 , continued : 132 maggie be Pov - another doctor shine a light in maggie 's eye . ask she something . black . pade up . maggie' Pov - the icu ceiling 132 the camera tilt to a mirror in the corner of the room . in it maggie see herself , lie motionless on the bed , hook up to machine , the ventilator breathe for she . and we finally see ... maggie' face take this in . maggie oh , God . she close she eye . black . frankie ( ¥.0 . ) } how ya doin ' , darlin‘ ? maggie 133 open she eye . see frankie , another three day growth on he face . maggie you growin ' a beard , boss ? frankie think it might help with the woman . maggie can not say it do . and she close she eye again , and frankie stroke she head . int . waiting room -- day 134 frankie wait . scrap sit beside he , a bag in he hand . scrap bring you some clothes . forget to give they to you . how 's she do today ? it take a moment to answer . ( continued ) haggis/2003 95 . be ww bs 134 continued : frankie she 's okay . scrap think they will let I in to see she ? frankie yeah . told they I be she father . you be she grandfather . scrap try out a smile . two doctor step out of icu . doctor # 1 Mr. Dunn ? 135 < int . icu -- moment later 135 scrap sit with maggie . she 's still doped up . scrap it hurt much ? maggie do not hurt at all . scrap that 's good . maggie where 's frankie ? scrap talk to the doctor . no doubt tellin' they how to do they job . maggie they be tell he I be a cl and c2 complete . means my spinal cord 's so break they will never be able to fix it . gonna be freeze like this the rest of my life . scrap do not know what to say - maggie ( cont 'd ) ask they to tell he . do not know how he 's gonna take it . ( beat ) you see the fight ? scrap course I do . you have she cold . ( continued ) 136 137 haggis /2003 96 . continued : 435 maggie I shouldnita drop my hand . I should n'ta turn . always protect yourself , how many time he tell I that ? scrap he do like to repeat himself . maggie will you tell he I be real sorry ? scrap I will do no such thing . she close she eye . int . waiting room -- a short time later 136 scrap come out to find frankie lean against the wall . serap stand there a moment . scrap damndest thing , huh ? ( finally ) so , what 's the plan ? I know you get one , so you might as well tell I . frankie turn and look he in the eye . frankie this be you fault . her in there like that . you keep after I till I train she . I know I should not . not a girl . everything tell I not to . 8 verything but you . frankie walk back to maggie 's room . leave scrap destroy . int . [ cu -- continuous 137 frankie pull up a chair , lean close to maggie . frankie I be gonna get you outta here . this doctor do not know squat . if they do , they would not be live ina desert . soon as you can be move , we be take you someplace where they actually study medicine . you just sleep now , okay ? ( continued ) 137 139 140 haggis/2003 g7 . continued : 137 she nod , close she eye again . int . special care ward -- another day 138 maggie open she eye to find a nurse and a resident insert a tube in she throat . scrap v.o. maggie could not eat right , so they feed she through a stomach tube . then she get pneumonia , she lung fill with fluid and have to be pump out . maggie close she eye . they start the pump . int . special care ward -- another day 139 she open she eye to find frankie give she a sponge bath . maggie they get nurse for that , you know . frankie they be amateur . scrap v.o . she develop skin ulcer because she could not change position . int . special care ward -- another day 140 frankie watch from the hall as another nurse and resident voll maggie on she side . scrap v.o . there be biood clot in she leg and problem with hemoglobin . to induce a daily bowel movement , she be place on she side and pressure be apply to she lower abdomen . we can not see what the resident be do , but we can assume he 's insert tube in she rectum . maggie catch frankie 's eye . he give she a little smile . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) she be humiliate every moment of every day . she smile back for he . haggis/2003 98 . 141 int . hospital waiting room -- day 141 frankie 's on the phone . hang up , check a pad , dial again . scrap v.0o . frankie must have call every hospital in America , look for somebody who would tell he they could fix she . come close twice ; till they check she over , say there be nothing to be do . frankie hang up . walk off down the hall , scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) take two month till she be stable enough to move . 142 int . special care ward - late afternoon 142 maggie lie twisted on - she side . she open she eye , see frankie . : frankie how ya doin’ , darlin‘ ? maggie well , you know , they get tube stickin’ up I in place I would rather not think about . frankie found two good rehab clinic . you want to hear about they ? she have something on she mind , but do not say it . maggie .- sure . frankie there 's a real good place in Kansas City , only couple hour from you momma 's house . think you might like that . maggie mamma call yet ? frankie it 's hard to get through here . ( continued ) 142 143 144 145 146 147 hagqgis/2¢003 9g , continued : 142 maggie yeah . {beat } where 's the other place ? prankie downtown L.A. maggie I would vather go with you , boss . frankie good . ext . desert -- evening 143 a bright , white ambulance cut a path in the asphalt . scrap v.0 . they make the six-hour trip by ambulance . int . ambulance -- continuous 144 maggie motion for frankie zo lean closer , so that the attend pulmonologist can not hear she . frankie do . maggie fly there , drive back . and she laugh . and frankie have to smile . ext . desert -- continucus 145 the ambulance disappear into the horizon . ext . evergreen rehabilitation CENTER -- day 146 a stucco building in downtown L.A. behind the facade lie a expanse of landscape lawn , California sycamore and palm . int . evergreen rehab CENTER - maggie' ward -- day 147 frankie watch from the nearest chair as the nurse and resident go through the painstake procedure of get maggie into she special wheelchair . scrap v.0 . Evergreen be a nice place . they take good care of maggie . she would not have complain if they hadntt . ( more ) {continued } 147 haggis/2003 100 . continued = 147 a series of quick cut : the attendant check the tube int she bladder , she stomach , and through the front of she neck ; scrap v.0 . ( cont 'd ) it take several hour every day to get she ready for the wheelchair . they stretch she arm and leg ; lift she into the wheelchair ; strap she in ; switch she respirator to the one build into the wheelchair . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) since she could not breathe on she own , she respirator be always on . oxygen be pump into she twenty ~ four hour a day . she turn she head to see frankie . he give she a wink . int . evergreen rehab CENTER - maggie' ward -- morning 146 maggie 's eye be close when frankie enter with a small bunch of daisy . he find something to put they in , then realize that she 's watch he . maggie you ever hear of dysreflexia , hoss ? frankie can not say I have . maggie it 's something ' that happen real quick , like when you get a kink in you pee tube ? get you heartbeat all to rushin’ . frankie that happen to you ? maggie last night . frankie ( rise ) I will talk to the doctor , maggie no , sit down . ( morei ( continued ) 148 haggis/2003 . idl . continued : 148 maggie ( cont 'd ) {chis be hard ) awful as it be when you heart 's fixin ' to explode , it make I happy , boss . ' Cause I think I would be free of this mess . I almost make it , too . then they bring I back to bein ' this same old snowman , same old twisted - up snowman wishin ' to God it be July . frankie bh , Jesus , maggie . I know I be wrong to train you . maggie do not say that . do not you ever say that . workin 's with you be the only time since daddy pass I have respect . you would take that away from I ? frankie . no. maggie all right then . ( beat ) we almost do she , too , do not we , boss ? huh ? daddy would a be proud . frankie squeeze she hand . it take a moment for he to realize that she can not feel it . the phone beside she bed ving . frankie pick it up . frankie maggie 's room ... dust a second . {to maggie ) it 's you brother . maggie can not stop she face from brighten . frankie hold the phone next to she ear . maggie {into phone ) d.d.?... when would you get out ?... be mamma there ?... no , tell she --... really , it 's ... okay . yeah . bye. ( more ) she nod to frankie . he hang up . ( continued ) 148 149 150 haggis/2003 102. continued : ( 2 ) 148 maggie ( cont 'd ) he say mamma can not stop cry . {beat } they be come to see I . maggie smile so hard she almost cry . scrap v.o. know something be not likely to change do not stop a person from wishing it would . int . ST . raymond' catholic church ~- day 143 frankie sit alone in the church . he 's never pray this hard in he life . int . evergreen rehab CENTER -- day 150 maggie sit in she wheelchair in the visit room , take in the sun . there 's even a little color in she gaunt face . frankie sit beside she . she 's watch the parking lot , car come in and out . maggib I tell you about when we all get Chicken pox ? prankie we ? maggie I , mardell and j.d. daddy be on a long -haul out to California and mamma do not hold with no doctor . but we be all makin ' a terrible fuss . so she pack we up and we drive forty - two mile to the stop and go in domain , where mamma busy we super - size cherry slurpee . tell we that will fix we up . it do not , of course . so , we camp in the parking lot all night , drink cherry slurpee . and damned , if in the morning we do not all feel better . ( beat ) mamma mighta change after daddy pass ; but something real wrong , she always know how to make we feel better . ( more ) she look back at the parking lot . ( continued ) i50 153 haggis/2003 103. continued : 150 maggie ( cort ' D} you check the hotel ? frankie only be a week , hardly have time to drive here yet . dissolve to : int . evergreen rehab CENTER -- visiting room -- another day isl maggie sleep in she chair , angle to see the parking lot . frankie beside she , read a book . scrap v.0 . she wait by the window every day for the next two week . int . hit pit -- evening 152 frankie be on he phone in the office . scrap v.o. and frankie call they hotel every day . learned they would check in six day earlier . kept leave message , which be never return . frankie hang up , look to the door , see scrap move past . serap look at he . frankie go back to work . int . evergreen rehab CENTER -- visiting room ~- another day 153 maggie wake to find frankie read aloud . frankie ach graé fir gig be é bhreoigh go fol las mé . maggie whatcha doin ' ? frankie Teaching you gaelic . maggie while I be sleep ? frankie Heard it work . ( continued } 153 haggis/2003 continued : maggie Mo cuishle in there ? frankie ai not see it yet . maggie you do not have to hang around all day . frankie I like it here . if you be not here I might just come and sit , read a book just cause I want to . maggie mamma will be here soon , share some of the burden . frankie ai not no burden . say this : ach gra fir gig . maggie try she best . frankie ( cont 'd ) Jesus that 's terrible , try it again . maggie do . frankie ( cont 'd ) stop-stop , you be kill it . here 's what you be say . ( read ) I will arise and go now , and go to innisfree , and a small cabin build there , of clay and wattle make . ( skip down ) and I shall have some peace there , for peace come drop slow , drop from the veil of the morning to where the cricket sing . a beat , then ... maggie you gonna build a cabin , boss ? frankie I ? ( continued ) 104 , baa ul ww 153 154 oo a haggis /2063 1 continued : ( 2 ) be 3 maggie you know , when you quit all this . frankie never gonna quit . I would miss the stink . maggie think that 's true ? Cause I could see you there , real easy , with you book and lemon pie . frankie ... you wanna go live in a cabin ? maggie I could learn how to bake . frankie maybe I will start look then . and they sit there , smile at they little share joke . int . evergreen rehab CENTER - maggie' ward -- day 154 maggie lie on she side , the doctor examine maggie 's leg . it 's purple and ulcerate . he drop the sheet back over it . maggie do not smell real pretty , do it , Doc ? doctor # 2 we may have to lose it , maggie . maggie nod . she do not look to frankie . who would not know how to put a good spin on this if he try forever . int . evergreen rehab CENTER - corridor -- day i55 frankie dial the pay phone . hear a door open at the far end of the hall . see : barline , mardell and j.d. enter . frankie almost smile . till he see mardell and j.d. 's t-shirt . universal studios . disneyland . a man in a suit follow they down the hall . frankie meet they half way . ( continued ) 156 haggis /2003 106 . you continued : be frankie frankie Dunn , we meet at you house . earline where 's my little girl ? frankie maybe it would be a good idea to go back to you hotel and change . she do not know you have be here a week visit mickey and daffy . j.d . we have get business with my sister . just tell we where she be . frankie take it you be j.d. {to man in suit ) take it you be the business . {to earline ) maybe you miss a few ride , maybe you should go back and I 'il teil maggie you could not make it . earline I drive all the way here to take care of my child and you be suggest T be not a good mother ? Mary m can not go nowhere ; if we coulda take she to disneyland we woulda . lawyer ( to pass nurse ) Margaret fitzgerald ? nurse down here . frankie think about stop they . know he can not . j.d. bump frankie 's shoulder in pass . frankie wait there as they disappear into she room . he walk to the window , know whatever 's go on in that room be not go to be good . he go to the soda machine , deposit some change . nothing come out . he kick it . corridor -- moment later 156 frankie appear with a cup of coffee . the door to maggie 's ward be close . he walk to where he can see through the floor to ceiling window . Inside : ( continued ) haggis/2003 continued : be of =I be ut a maggie and family have a good laugh at something . frankie pace away . can not stand to watch they break she heart . but he go back anyway , in time to see : earline show she a document , confusion on maggie 's face . frankie have have enough . he open the door and step through . maggie leok up to he , she face grey . frankie how we all do here ? rarline sorry , darlin‘ , but we be not get a letta time . Mr. Johnson 's charge we a lot of money tc be here to make sure this be do proper . frankie why do not you leave that and I 'il read it to she . d .d. you family ? you stay out of this . maggie read it to I , mamma . earling it 's just something legal , to protect you money . maggie mamma , you do not have to worry , the box Commission 's pay for all this . everything . earline but what if they do not , Mary m? Mr. Johnson say they could take my house . ( continued ) you 6 haggis/2003 108. continued : ( 2 ) 156 lawyer t£ you assign you asset to you mother , no one will be able to touch chem . j.d . not doctor , not funeral expense , nothin’ . frankie Fine , so leave it and -- maggie ~- Mr. Dunn , with respect , this be not you business . that stop frankie dead . frankie okay , I will just wait out in the hall . he step out , leave the door open . earline you be a good daughter , Mary m . you sign that paper , it will take care of you family , the way you daddy woulda want you to . how do you make you mark ? can you hold a pen ? mardell she gotta do it with she tooth , mamma . you gotta put it in she mouth . earline ( hold out pen ) here you go , darlin’ . maggie you see the fight , momma ? earline honey , you know how I feel about that . maggie I do pretty good . earline you lose , darlin' . ai not you fault , way I hear it , but you lose . ( more ) ( continued ) 156 157 158 159 169 haggis/2003 109 . continued : ( 3 ) 156 earline ( cont 'd ) do not wanna lose the rest of what you get leave . barline ease the pen into maggie 's mouth . maggie bite down on it . then let it fail out . maggie what happen to you , mamma ? ebarline what 's that suppose to mean ? maggie mamma , you take mardell and j.d. and get home . before I tell that lawyer there that you be so worried about you welfare you never sign that house papers like you be suppose to . so , amy time I feel like it , I can sell it out from under you fat , lazy hillbilly ass . and if you ever come back , that 's exactly what I will de . int . evergreen rehab CENTER - visiting room 187 the family head for the hill . frankie watch they go , then walk into ... maggie' room 158 maggie be near tear . frankie think somebody should count to ten . maggie laugh . frankie awkwardly hug she , put she head on he shoulder , but she refuse to cry . dissclve to : prankie 159 sit alone in maggie 's ward , she bed go . dissolve to : maggie' bed 169 be back . her leg be miss . she open she eye . ( continued ) 160 162 haggis/2003 110 . continued : 166 maggie they take my leg , boss . he kiss she head . she close she eye again . frankie it will be okay . you hear I ? maggie always hear you voice , boss . int . frankib's bungalow -- evening l6l frankie open he door and stop . on the floor lie a envelope , the same size and shape as the other in the shoebox , and he just stand there , stare at it . Broken . int , evergreen rehab CENTER -- night 162 the place be dead quiet , save the sound of the night nurse pass in the hall . maggie open she eye to see frankie sit there , read some sort of catalogue . he look up . frankie you need anything ? maggis need to know what Mo cuishle mean . frankie you do not win , do not have to tell you . maggie you be the meanest man I ever meet , no wonder nobody love you . you remind I of my daddy . frankie he musta be a good look man . frankie go back to read . ggie you be not gonna make I talk more yeat , be you ? frankie this be class at City College . ( more ) {continued} haggis /2003 111. 162 prankie ( cont 'd ) think I would buy you one of that wheelchair you can use by blowin’ into a straw . think you might want to go to school . maggie I get a favor to ask you , boss . frankie whatever you want . maggie remember what my daddy do for axel ? frankie ..- do not even say that . maggie I can not be like this , frankie . not after what I do . I see the world . people chant my name . well , not my name , some damn name you give I , but they be chant for I . for T be in magazine . you think I ever dream that would happen ? ( beat ) I be bear at two pound one and a half ounce . daddy use to tell I t fight to get into this world and I would fight my way out . that 's all I wanna do , boss . I just do not want the fight you the do it . ( beat ) only two péople in this world I ever want to be proud of I . you be one . you proud of I , boss ? frankie you have to ask ? maggie I get what I need , boss . get it all , do not let they keep takin ' it away from I . do not let I lie here till I can not hear that people chant no more . frankie »..- I can not do it . please , do not ask I . { continued ) 162 163 164 165 hagqgis/2003 ai2. continued : ( 2 ) 162 maggie I be ask . frankie tocanit . she nod and turn she head away . int . frankie' bedroom -- night 163 the phone ring , waking frankie from a dead sleep . int . frankie' kitchen -- continuous 164 he snatch it up . frankie hello ?... int . evergreen rehab CENTER -- night 165 frankie hustle down the corridor , meet by a intern , who talk as he try to keep up . scrap v.o . in the middle of the night , maggie would find she own solution . she bit off she tongue . frankie fire into the room , shove aside a male nurse to see maggie , try to fight away the doctor by bang she head back and forth . frankie grab she head , hold it , look into she wild eye as the doctor administer another shot . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) nearly ble to death before they stitched she up . she come round and rip they out before frankie even get there . he scothes she and let 's the shot take hold . her eye half close and frankie step away to let the doctor in to stitch . corridor as frankie pace , run he hand through he hair . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) they stitched she up again , padded the tongue so she could not bite , and give she a tracheotomy , so she could breathe . ( continued ) 165 167 haggis/2003 continued : he look back into the room . int , evergreen rehab CENTER - maggie' ward -- morning maggie slowly come out of it . her eye find frankie frankie what would you do , darlin’ ? he wipe away the tear that flow down she cheek . frankie ( cont 'd ) you just gonna keep fight I , be not you ? she blink once for yes . ext . street -- night frankie walk , stop . realize that he be lose . ext . ST . raymond' catholic church -~ morning frankie sit on the step , Father horvath beside he . father horvath you can not do it . you know that . frankie edo . but she 's thick , Father . you have no idea how hard it be to train she . I have to explain every little thing , thing any other fighter would dust do without ask , she would want to know why and how and then she would do it she way anyway . I get no idea how she end up fight for the title -- do not get there by listen to I . ( beat ) now , all she want be to die , and all I want to do be keep she with I . and God forgive I , but it feel like I be commit a sin by do it . by keep she alive , I be kill she . how do you find you way out of that ? father horvath you do not . you step aside , frankie , you leave it with God . ( continued ) 113 . 165 166 167 168 169 179 haggis/2003 114. continued : 168 frankie she 's not ask for God 's help . she 's ask for mine . father horvath frankie , I have see you at mass almost every day for twenty - three year . only person who go to church that much be the kind who can not forgive himself for something . whatever gain you be carry , they be nothing compare to this . forget about God or Heaven and Hell . ff you do this thing , you will be lose ; somewhere so deep , you will never find yourself again . frankie know it 's true . int . evergreen rehab CENTER -- afternoon 169 frankie sit with maggie as she sleep . nurse wetre keep she sedate so she will not try that again . frankie nod , watch the nurse leave . look at maggie 's eye flutter , try to find he . lose . he stand , kiss she head . int . hit pit -- night 170 frankie take he cut bag out of the lock drawer , place it on he desk . take several bottle of adrenaline from the drawer , place they in the bag along with a syringe . he look up and notice scrap watch from the doorway . scrap I go in to see maggie this morning . you musta be somewhere else . frankie yeah . frankie lock he drawer . scrap you get a fight I do not know about ? ( continued ) 170 l7i 172 173 haggis/2003 115 . continued : 170 frankie ... 2t be not you fault . I be wrong to say that . scrap damn right it be not . I find you a fighter , and you make she the best fighter she coulda be . frankie I kill she . scrap ( scoff ) kill she . that girl walk in here with nothin 's but gut , she have no hope of become what she need to be . a year and a half later , she fight for the championship of the world . people die every day , wash dish and sweeping floor , and they last think be that they never get they shot . Cause of you , maggie get hers . you know how many people in this world get that ? ( beat ) if maggie die today , I bet she last think would be , I do pretty good . ( beat } I could rest know that . frankie snap shut he bag but do not lift it . a moment . prankie . yeah . he nod and then leave . bxt . evergreen rehab CENTER -- night 171 frankie sit in he car for a eternity . int . evergreen rehab CENTER -- night 172 he walk down the corridor . the night nurse be on round , the desk lie empty . he step into ... maggie' room 173 she open she a kiss on the hang there . eye when she hear he . he smile , give she head . he look she in the eye , the question she blink once , he nod . ( continued ) 173 haggis/2003 116. continued : 173 he reach into he bag . frankie I be go to put pressure on you neck , it will cut off you air and put you to sleep , okay ? she blink . frankie ( cont 'd ) then I be gonna give you a shot ... and you will just stay sleep . she blink , offer a small smile . he flick off the alarm on she monitor , then put he hand on she throat and look she in the eye . ask himself again if he can do this . she give he a smile and blink once . he lean in close to she ear and whisper . frankie ( cont 'd ) Mo cuishle . it mean '' my darling , my blood . " and she beam . then blink and close she eye for he . he apply pressure to she neck . angle cn he bag he remove a syringe , load it up with adrenaline . his hand leave the shot . scrap v.0 . he give she a single shot where they would not see much of a needle mark . it be enough adrenaline to do the job a few time over . he do not want she go through this again . his hand drop the syringe back in he bag . frankie feel for she pulse . gone. stroke she hair . kiss she forehead . take he bag and walk out . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) then he waik out . ( more ) scrap watch from the shadow . ( continued ) haggis /2003 ll7 . 173 continued : ( 2 ) i73 scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) his eye as dry as a burn leaf . dissolve to : 174 int . hit pit -- night 174 scrap sit on the bench . scrap v.0 . I go back to the gym . wait , figure he would turn up sooner or later . dissolve to : 175 int . hit pit -- day 17s scrap sit on the same bench . he look up , smile ... scrap v.0 . and that 's when a ghost come through the door . the person sit . it 's danger . danger get to think what you say , mist scrap . scrap what be that , danger ? danger anybody can lose one fight . scrap and that 's the truth . go put on you glove , you miss a lot of training . danger sure will , mist. scrap . 176 int . frankie' office -~ continuous 176 scrap open the door , look in . frankie 's desk lie bare , save a single key lie on the rough leather . scrap v.o. frankie never come back at all . ( continued } 177 179 haggis/2003 128. continue : l76 back in the gym danger throw he pitty - pat punch in the direction of the heavy bag . scrap pass on he way out . scrap danger , you hit something or I be gonna toss you ass outta here . danger be so shocked he actually smack the bag good and hard . he look around , stunne and amaze and as pleased as hell . and as he throw he arm up in the air and open he mouth ... int . frankie' bungalow -- day l77 serap open frankie 's front door , pocket the single key . scrap v.o. frankie do not leave a note . in the kitchen 178 he check the fridge . empty . scrap v.o. no one know where he go . in the bedroom he open the closet . the clothes be go . Ali that 's leave be a few shoe -box . curious , scrap reach up for one . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) I hope he would go to find you . in the kitchen sit at the single chair and open the box , remove the letter one at a time . all be unopen . all address to Katy Dunn , a address in Indiana . all be mark " return to sender " . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) ask you one more time to forgive he . int . hit pit - frankie' office -- night 179 scan across the page of a long , hand write letter . we pick out phrase we hear scrap say ... . " set. in the cedar and oak tree , somewhere between nowhere and good - bye " ... ( continued ) 179 180 haggis/2003 . 119 . continued : 173 " box ig a unnatural act ... " we finally find scrap 's hand , write the current page . scrap v.g. but I do not think he have anything leave in he heart . ext . roadside diner - missouri -- night 180 the place look familiar . it could be that place where frankie and maggie stop . the place with the best lemon pie in the world . scrap v.o. I just hope he find someplace where he could find a little peace . with its rough hewn exterior , it look a awful lot like a cabin . through the window we think we catch a glimpse of frankie behind the counter . but we can not be sure , maybe the owner just look a little like he . scrap v.o. ( cont 'd ) but that 's probably wishful think . no matter where he be ... I think you should know what kind of man you father really be . fade out : the end