m i m i C a revision by Matt greenberg and guillermo del toro June 19th 1996 note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number . they have be removed for this soft copy . fade in : the screen stygean darkness . wet clicking sound . a beam of purplish ultra - violet light reveal a mosaic of move form ... cockroach . they skitter restlessly under the beam 's intensity . series of shot -- the UV beam pass over various part of the space . pipe web , wall , girder -- all cover with the insect . thousands of they . pull back to reveal int . sewer system innard of steel . a vast maze of tunnel . a group of figure advance through the tunnel with handheld UV lamp . the figure be dress in gray air-tight neoprene suit , they face hide by skin tight mask and bug-like night vision goggle . in the dense silence , respirator valve hiss - click at the corner of they lip in mechanical rhythm . the scene have a dream-like , choreograph quality . night - vision Pov eerie , aquatic green . the horde of insect appear to be some kind of sea-life , crawl over the floor of a dead ocean . the team of figure from they midst appear another figure , its neoprene suit a flat white . female , clearly the team leader . she carry a stainless steel container fill with twenty small compartment , each bear a large , heavy - shell roach with a different barcode on they back . juda roaches . she kneel and open the case tchk !! a dozen of the juda roach be release . they slide through into the area . the nearby roaches react instantaneously . in a rustle of tiny leg , they begin to stream toward the judase . jostle and fight each other for position to mate with they . they even crawl over the team leader in a effort to reach the judase . the team leader make no effort to brush they off . patient , almost godlike , she watch the mating . later a manhole have be open above . chain be drop down and attach by a team member to a 100 - gallon disposal drum . reveal the floor of the tunnel , carpete with the still form of the roach , now all dead . the team member quietly shovel the tiny corpse into other disposal drum . at they foot skitter the only survivor of the massacre : the bar-code juda roaches . in a crunch of machinery , the first disposal drum be lift by the chain through the manhole to ext . a CITY STREET - day midtown manhattan . a cacophony of SOUND and light . dirty snow drift over Bryant Park . emergency light blink everywhere . a wall of car sit on Sixth Avenue , stop dead . exhaust fume hang in the air . jade traffic cop send the car on crosstown detour . mounted policeman patrol a line of yellow sawhorse near dozen of Department of Public Health vehicle , angle - park in a military phalanx . a monumental ribcage - like scaffold have be erect in the middle of the street , " sealing " the area with amber plastic . Inside , uniformed worker take the disposal drum of roach and toss it into one of a number of huge dumpster . the team leader watch from nearby , exhauster . her mask be off . we see she face : enthomologist susan wyeth , 28 . a arm gently drape over she shoulder . peter ( os ) how we do ? she look over at dr . peter tyler , 34 , bespectacle . a headset around he neck , a coat emblazon with the department of health logo . he have the look of a man who 's just fight a long battle and come out victorious . susan we will see ... he offer she a bite of a pay day candybar . Susan smile , shake she head . she wearily lean against he . Peter look out as the dumpster fill with roach be raise by mechanical arm into the wait maw of the dump truck . the screen . darkness . a voice , a somber bas-relief in the darkness . anchorman ( vo ) strickler 's Disease creep into Manhattan like a thief in the night , claim its first hundred victim before it be even classified . int . hospital - night - floating shot we float through a long hospital ward . past rows of illuminate oxygen tent , pulsate softly in the dark like cocoon of light . anchorman ( vo ) most be child under ten . track past tent . body of SMALL child inside , wrap in white sheet , hook up to ivs or breathe apparatus . skeletal hand , parched lip , glaze eye . bellows of respirator push in and out , labor , fail . image resolves to a video on a screen . pull back to reveal a number of screen , each with a different set of image . we be in a news van . a technician and director sit watch . the voice belong to a anchorman who 's now overimpose . anchorman only after the number have reach into the thousand be official able to identify the carrier of the deadly infection ... director cut to three . the technician manipulate the control . on another screen we see they cut to stock news footage : regular cockroach , crawl on garbage . anchorman blattida germanica . the common cockroach . director ( to a runner ) tell they we be ready for a live feed . ext . outside van - CITY hall - dusk the runner exit the News Van . other such vehicle park nearby . a crowd of onlooker , reporter and a gaggle of protester with handpaint sign . gliding past they , we pick up sound bite ... reporter 1 ... a insect that have prove virtually immune to chemical control ... reporter 2 ... the announcement by the Health Department that a end to the nightmare have finally ... reporter 3 be interview a greenpeace protester who be hold up a photograph of Susan . reporter 3 ... a ex-colleague of Doctor Susan wyeth ... protester ... Susan have always be oppose to biological tamper . a real advocate for ecological cause , it 's not ... move past they to further inside of the perimeter ... int . auditorium - CITY hall a news conference in progress . a pack house . t.v. monitor space ever 10 seat or so . in the audience , the mayor of new york and various CITY official , listen to Peter , speak at the podium with the ease and enthusiasm of a public servant still untaint by bureaucracy . on a tv monitor while Peter talk , a news title appear at the bottom of the screen : peter tyler . deputy director , department of health . peter ( wrapping up ) ... in nature , evolution be a long , leisurely conversation between a organism and its environment . we , however , do not have the luxury of time ... Susan be wait in the wing . she observe the audience . she notice that the entire front row be compose of child who have survive strickler 's . leg and arm brace , facial scarring ... he nod at Susan , who take the podium , adjust she jacket , slightly ill at ease in she business suit . she clear she throat , speak softly . susan with the aid of genetic lab throughout the country , we recombine cockroach DNA with genetic information from termite and mantids . we be able to create a biological counter - agent . a new ally , if you will ... she place a clear container on the podium for all to see . susan blattida traditor . cu container one of the juda roach skitter about in the container . susan ( os ) the " juda roach " . cameras flash . murmur from the audience . susan the juda be a non-carrier of strickler , with a short life - span and heighten pheromone emission . on the back row she can see some ecological hand - paint sign be raise in silent protest . she stumble for a second , then resume she speech . susan the female be basically a sexual magnet ; common male travel mile and fight for the right to mate with they . the audience be rapt . susan when they do , they take away something else we add -- a hormone , pass through sexual congress that cause they metabolism to go into overdrive . no matter what they food intake , they starve to death in a matter of hour . now Peter take the mic . peter we have achieve almost total eradication of the roach population . as of today , the disease have be officially contain . a stand ovation start and be carry on as we ... CUT to : int . tyler apartment - bathroom - susan in a tub in a dark bathroom . her business suit crumpled on the bathroom floor . SOUND of a tv outside . peter ( os ) sus , come on . you be miss it . int . live room nothing grand . Peter in he short at a tv with shitty reception . he adjust the disgruntled cable box . he be see over the tv , give he address . peter Fucking thing ! I hope someone 's taping this . ( out . ) Susan , come on . it 's really good this time . I get most of the line out . ( no response . ) sus ? Peter sigh . he pick up a open bottle of champagne and two mis-match ceramic cup , then head for the bathroom . int . bathroom peter life 's a bitch . we 15 minute come and go and all we get be bad cable ... Susan do not answer , clearly not in the same high spirit . peter hiding from the hard glare of publicity ? he notice she crumpled garment on the floor . he pick it up , put it up on the hanger . peter a shame . you look great tonight . susan please . peter you do ! he sit by the tub . susan do you think we do the right thing ? peter take a cab instead of hire a limo ? susan you know what I mean ... Peter pour some champagne into the cup . susan we do no impact evaluation . the consequence of ... peter ( sigh ) be this a Catholic guilt thing ...? we hear a newsreader on the tv . newsreader ( tv ) ...a flawless strategy which have stop a potential epidemic in its track ... peter you hear that ? flawless . susan we just do not know . he offer one cup to Susan . she do not take it . peter we know we save life . he sit closer to she . peter there be gonna be a lot of kid run around next year because of you . beat . Susan start to relax . he kiss she . peter who know ? we get lucky , maybe a couple of them will be ours . susan ( smile now ) we be down to a " couple " now , huh ? she pat the water , beckone . peter oh , I do not know . people be beginning to talk about we ... still partially clothed , he step into the bathtub . Susan shake she head , laugh ruefully . susan do not worry , I will save you honor . maybe I will even marry you . she reach over , kiss he . fade out : fade in to : ext . alphabet CITY - night the williamsburg bridge dimly visible through the rain . alphabet CITY street empty warehouse . close business . traffic light blink on empty street . everything seem doom under the heavy layer of rain . superimpose : two year later a dilapidated build before we . a blaze neon cross make of the word ' jesus save ' hang askew from its facade . crane to see the rooftop . wham ! the door to the interior stair fly OPEN and a tall , thin chinese preacher in he sixty lurch out , eye wild with terror . he look back down the step . something 's climb up fast , casting ominous , complex shadow on the wall . too many footstep for it to be just one person . the man hurriedly shut the door and slide a bolt home . tremble , he back away as a booming thud make the door shudder . Raw , frenzied pound and scratch follow ... something inhuman , determine to break through . the metal surface suddenly buckle and bulge . on the man 's white undershirt , a blotch of blood start to grow . Needles of rain stab he flesh . he search wildly for a possible escape . he reach the edge of the roof : it 's five floor down to the sidewalk . two of the hinge on the door come loose , pulverize the surround concrete . wham ! the door to the stair bulge outward as something smashes against it again and again . frenzied scratching . the man sprint to the other end of the roof . there , on the adjoin building ... the chinese preacher' Pov just one floor below on the building across the alley be a suspend painter ' platform , crowded with paint can under a tarp . a two -story old eyewear advertisement from the 40' be be paint over . the chinese preacher look back to the door . bam ! a tremendous shatter sound . light spill from inside . two bolt fly in the air , a hinge give . he cry out in terror . the man gauge the distance between building ; can he make it ? he take a few step back , a few more ... pant hard , he close he eye , he chest soak in blood and rain . the door explode outward and skid across the slippery roof . Light from inside project the shadow of wild , busy thing onto the curtain of rain . weeping with fear , the man desperately try to hurl himself to the catwalk . it 's too far . he fall ... crash ! he hit the platform , knock board loose and send paint can onto they side , roll . he bounce , slide off the edge , barely able to grab onto a loose board to save himself from fall . the rain blast down . the scaffold creak . he hit the edge , upsetting the can of paint there . he hold onto the plank with all he might , try to push with he foot , but they slide on the wet wall . below can bounce off the pavement . White pain blast all over . cu hand the man 's hand slip on the plank , tiring . feet the chinese preacher 's feet bicycle in the air , unable to find a purchase on the wet brick wall - the chinese preacher be hang just in front of the paint eye of the forty ' model . he look up above he , see something - chinese preacher no. please , God , no ! a shadow cross he face as something loom above he . suddenly there be a crack and the platform tilt completely on one end . hand the chinese preacher 's fingernails dig in , then slip on the wet wood . his hand paw the air . wider for a moment he body , silhouett in the rain , seem suspend in a void . then he fall backwards . the ground Impact . his body crack the pavement . small pool of rain form on he dead , open eye . we crane to reveal a window on a build across the STREET chuy , a young latino boy . he stare out the window at the chinese preacher 's body with no discernable emotion . he work a small wire sculpture in he hand . apartment it 's a small one - bedroom apartment . a old man sleep peacefully on a cot : chuy 's grandfather . manny gaviola , mid 60' , white hair halo he handsome , benign face . all around he : shoe , shoe everywhere you look , on the table , on the chair , on the kitchen counter , on the floor . a small altar be illuminate by votive candle . next to it , stand by the window be chuy he p.o.v. we see a blurry vision of the chinese preacher 's splay figure in a swirl of color . chuy 's attention focus on the preacher 's shoe . chuy chuy ( a whisper ) oxford , 8 1 / 2. Black ... he look away from the body and go back to twist the wire into shape . the puddle of paint around the preacher , reflect large shadow move above , and across the neon sign ... chuy hear a strange sound , a rhythmic click . his head lift and what he see cause he expression to change -- there be a uncharacteristic flicker of excitement in he eye . across the rooftop we be behind whatever it be that have capture chuy 's attention . tickety -tackety-tock ... the strange click sound grow louder . the figure begin move in some weird , preparatory fashion . then it step forward and drop out of frame . chuy his eye follow the figure down to the pavement in a slow arc . chuy put down the wire miniature and open the window to get a better view . ground level the chinese preacher 's body be now be drag toward the rear of the alley , leave color paint smear in its wake . chuy we isolate the boy 's face and , on the soundtrack , every other noise fade away . chuy reach for a pair of spoons nearby . he begin to click they together . imitating the strange click sound hear a moment ago . the chinese preacher be be pull into a small , ground - level vent . the only problem be that no human be small enough to squeeze through this hole . chuy watch , still click with he spoon . the chinese preacher' body be stick . one of he leg be through the hole up to the thigh , but the other be fold up unnaturally and press against the wall next to the vent . impossible . there be a silent beat , and then a series of incredibly violent tug , bam ! bam ! bam ! shaking the paint-soaked body like a rag doll . chuy his spoon stop . his jaw tighten a little as we hear terrible crack and scraping sound . the window the chinese preacher 's head and hand disappear into the hole . bit of clothing , paint and blood stick to the edge of the open . chuy watch , still fascinate . chuy ( very low ) funny , funny shoe ... he start a new wire sculpture . CUT to : ext . jogging path - central park - dawn Peter be cover in sweat , run at a good clip around the Central Park reservoir . a beautiful day dawns behind he ; the window of the Beresford sparkle in the morning sun . Peter outperform most of the other runners in the track , he steady rhythm evidence of year of practice . keeping he stride , he run off the track and past a flock of old nun . peter Excuse I , lady ... without slow down , Peter retake the path and move past they . ext . jogger be path - near fifth avenue - later Peter finally slow down . he check he pulse and stop at a water fountain . as he drink , he see a derelict draw a figure on the sidewalk . the derelict spot Peter . he pick up he chalk , drift off . intrigue , Peter go closer to the draw . a arrow point to a manhole cover set among the bush . Peter circle around , try to make sense out of the line . then the paint motif finally reveal itself . graffiti a talismanic figure of raw , archetypal power . a few jag line form the shape of a man in a overcoat . his face be little more than a malignant blotch . CUT to : int . museum - exhibit room - day a room of half - finish exhibit . a group of sculptor -- most of they undergraduate -- work on a gigantic piece represent a termite mound . they be supervise by siri , a punkish young indian research assistant . Susan talk to some of the sculptor about a 100 - 1 scale clay model of a insect 's head . she gesture to the model 's mandible set . susan ... no , guy , this have to fit perfectly . no space in between . let I tell you why . insect have no hand . all they have be this set of mandible . she grab the outer mandible set . susan see ? this little piggy will grab the prey . then unfold a second set ... susan then this little piggy will tear it in half ... and a third !!! susan ... and this little one will grind it to a pulp and push it in ... all the way into the mouth . this be precision tool here . can you remember that ? the guy nod . susan good . then get it right . a piece of the termite mound be raise above they head , revealing ... ... Peter , at the entrance , still dress in he jogging sweat . he smile at Susan . CUT to : exhibit Peter and Susan walk through . Peter pull something from a knapsack . a bottle of medicine mark : metallinin . peter ( teasing ) " baby in a bottle ... " he give it to Susan . susan do not tease . around they , workmen begin unload crate of display stuff , as a man on a ladder tack up a " architect of nature " banner . Susan proceed behind a exhibit represent a honeycomb . Peter follow as she begin to arrange some tool . peter you know where they get this fertility stuff ? they extract it from the urine of menopausal italian nun . susan ( laugh ) monk bottle they own wine . do not they ? she gently touch she belly . susan trust I . I have never be this late . never . she shake the bottle . susan if nun 's pee be what it take ... Peter 's cellular ring from he knapsack . Susan grab a larvae model from a pile on the floor . susan you be the one who run around with ice in he underwear , do not forget that . peter do not get kinky here ... Peter take the call . Susan cut away the excess plastic on the lid around the honeycomb molding . the larvae fit perfectly inside . peter okay , meet I out front . ( to Susan ) I gotta go . josh 's pick I up in five . see you tonight . susan I will be late . he kiss she and leave . Susan turn to Siri and the group work on that sculpture . susan Siri , sandblast that thing . it look like trump Tower . that mound be suppose to be make of dirt and excretion ... siri ( a wick smile ) just like trump Tower , then . CUT to : ext . STREET a Department of Health van honk its way through a traffic jam . int . van Peter 's right hand man , josh maslow -- a young , good - nature , can - do guy -- drive . josh ... so I say " buddy , you have every violation in the book . gimme one good reason not to close you down . " you know what the kraut say to I ? in the back , Peter finish change out of he jogging sweat and into he worksuit . josh the blintzes ! " try the blintzes ... " peter ( distractedly ) selling you sould for a fistful of carbohydrate ... josh not just any carbohydrate , mind you . it be like be on the receive end of some kind of transcendent oral sex . ( honk furiously ) we should get a strobe on this thing . maybe even a siren . peter yeah , and a loudspeaker so you can yell " epidemic ! epidemic ! you be all go to die ! " ext . flophouse - day the Department of Health van pull up outside the flophouse where the chinese preacher die . Peter and josh get out . cop push back a few onlooker . josh proudly flash he doh badge . josh Health Department ... the cop let they pass . peter you really love flash that thing , do not you ? josh hey . I be a short guy . waddaya want ? two cop -- woychek and rice -- approach , in no real hurry . peter Peter Tyler , doh . you gentleman be the first on the scene ? woychek ( gesture to Rice ) we be both on patrol , see this paint mess . then I look through that cellar window . we both do ... peter you go in ? woychek no . we wait . peter good . Peter peek through a narrow cellar window on the floor . through the oily , smear window , a ghostly array of pale face and hand appear , startling he . peter ( to josh ) get the emt 's in there , now . CUT to : later paramedic ambulance rush in . siren at full blast . stepping out of the building across , manny walk next to chuy , who hold he hand . the old man carry a box full of shoe . chuy look back at the cop circus , amused . manny c'mon chuy , we be gonna be late . ( discreetly crossing himself ) cop be bad news . do not look at they . he gently pull he grandson 's hand and move briskly away . josh use a iron bar , and break a padlock cellar door . a heavy stench emanate from inside . the cop cover they nose . int . cellar Peter and josh enter a dingy , dungeon - like cellar , illuminate only by bug zapper and emergency light . every door and window have be nail shut or sport a heavy - duty padlock . Peter and josh walk through the dismal scene . in sharp contrast with the dirt - smear wall , we see shiny metallic sewing machine and swatch of cloth applique with a funny bunny cartoon character . josh examine the label stitched into the collar . it read : proudly made in USA . peter Jesus . his light hit a group of quivering , skeletal chinese immigrant , stand in a tight group against a wall . woychek ( from the outside ) they look real sick , do not they ? CUT to : int . stairwell , museum - dusk carry box full of terrarium material , Susan and Siri ride a antiquated cage- steel elevator . no floor button , just a old - fashioned hand - activate lever . susan ... as long as they be ready for the open I do not care , just tell they that . siri I be on it . do not worry . ( beat ) look , Susan ... I do not mean to pry , but ... I kinda overhear you and Peter . susan ( smile ironically ) watch you step , Siri . you grant could be on the line here . siri I just ... well , I have this cousin in Delhi . she be have problem , too . she , ah ... susan what ? siri she use a baster . Susan look at she . siri not a big one . I mean , it be like a turkey baster . susan oh , Jesus . she try to stop the elevator at the fourth floor , but it rise just a little too far . susan come on , darlin' ... Susan have to jimmy the lever till the elevator fall level to the floor . siri ( continue ) she keep it under she bed . thing be , it kinda work . I mean , she have to hide it from she husband , but ... a pair of young boy , ricky and davis , sit on the floor outside Susan 's lab door . a crumpled paper bag and a shoe box sit beside they . susan what 's this ? siri oh , right ... they be here since noon . I tell they you be real busy . Susan smile at the boy , who stand when they see she . susan hello . ricky you the bug lady , right ? Siri chuckle . susan ( smile ) I suppose so . ricky raise and shake the paper bag . ricky we be here to deal . int . mounting room - dusk sunlight slant in to illuminate a incredible array of live and mount dead insect , trap in turn - of - the-century glass fronted cabinet . Davis put he nose up against one , fascinate . susan metaxonycha godmani , trigonopelastes Delta . field butterfly . have you be upstate ? she examine the boy ' finding , mostly rag-tag specimen of batter butterfly . davis Avenue B. susan ( sadly ) I guess they get lose in this city . ricky so , you wanna buy they ? davis there 's extra wing in the bag . Siri linger in the background . susan you guy have do a nice job . how bout five dollar ? ricky ( dismay ) that 's it ? davis ( to ricky ) show she the weirdbug . he indicate the shoebox - ricky cost a dollar just to look . davis it 's a great bug . we kinda break it a little ... Siri impatiently point at the wall clock - susan fellas , I will tell you what ... ten dollar for everything . plus a kill jar , some tweezers and mount so the next bunch you catch will be in better shape . davis deal ! ricky you crazy ! that 's the best !! davis bug 's almost dead anyway . Susan hold out two five dollar bill . the boy can not resist . Davis grab the money - davis thanks , lady . ricky give a last possessive look to the shoe box , then follow Davis out . Siri cross to the window and wrestle to close it . siri ten dollar ? Susan place all the kid 's item - include the shoebox - in a wastebasket . susan alphabet City kid - there 's much worse thing they could be sell . Siri hit the window frame with a paperweight , get it half way down . siri I hate this fuck window ... ext . across STREET from museum - nightfall crane to a nearby alley . a gaunt man in a overcoat stand in the shadow , look up at Siri work on the window . as a streetlamp light up , he back up into the shadow . CUT to : int . flophouse . lobby - nightfall Religious slogan and poster be hang everywhere in what use to be the lobby of a man 's hotel . a hand - lettere sign : " no liquor , no drug , no profanity " paramedics be lead a number of ill chinese immigrant up from the cellar door see earlier . many be bring out on stretcher . doh staff put tag on they wrist . Peter examine a pale old man on a stretcher while simultaneously talk to josh . peter ( to josh ) there 's plenty of systemic infection already , so as soon as we get a preliminary read , start they on anti-biotics . you see this ? Peter flick on he penlight , examine the Old man 's eye . one of they be completely bloodshot . then he show josh the gum . they be bleed . peter Internal hemorrage . 2 we of 5 have it . no definite sign of TB , but we will quarantine they a week just to make sure . josh Immigration 's gonna love you for that . peter tell they to send flower to the usual address . int . sweat shop . basement Peter push back a sheet hang across a doorway . basement shower a tile nightmare . concentration camp-cozy . a pile of old , rusting sewing machine clutter the floor , spilling oxide to a central grate . josh two shift , people rotate from bed to work . one toilet . we be in Wal - Mart hell , here . josh swat a fly . peter do they get the sleazebag who own this place ? josh triad , chinese mafia . they bring people from yunan . slave labor ... ( eye he notebook ) reverend Harry Wong , a preacher have the flophouse front for they . no sign of he . a overhead door be open . daylight stream in . Peter spot yang , a asian cop , talk to a chinese woman lie on a stretcher which have not be move yet . she be hollow - eye , near death . her hand weakly hang on to the cop as if for dear life . peter tell she she 's go to be alright . we will take care of she . Peter kneel next to she , look at she and nodd while Yang translate . the woman mutter again , tear of fear in she eye . Yang shake he head . yang she 's delirious . keeps say the " Dark angel " be come for she . she say they take some of she people away . peter Dark angel ? yang ( shrug . ) probably a gang . chinese people , man . they come up with some wacky stuff . they pull the stretcher out through the open overhead door and into a alley the stretcher be roll into a wait vehicle , its light flash . unseen by they , on a brick wall , nearly bury by graffiti , be a crude drawing . it be of the same , odd figure Peter see draw earlier . the overcoat man . int . lab - night - montage Susan and Siri , both wear walkman headsets , deftly mount butterfly and other insect onto display board for the exhibit . rain be blow in through the half - open window . they movement be precise and lyrical , the color and design of the insect be beautiful . we understand how you can get lose in this world . Susan work steadily , a partially - eat pay - day bar and the wrapper of several other be evidence of she dinner . a pager go off in Susan 's lab coat . she take off she headset ; classical music leak from she headphone . on the pager 's lcd screen the message read : late tonight . pete . Susan put the pager down . go to close the window . there be a loud , angry buz sound . susan Siri ? ( louder ) Siri ?! Siri pull she headset off ; heavy metal music leak from she headphone . the buz sound again . we pan across the various bug and mount implement till we come to rest ... ...on the shoebox the boy give Susan . something rattles wildly inside . siri ... the fuck ? Susan cross to the trash bin , pick the box out . it vibrate on she hand , then become quiet , something move inside . she slowly open the lid . the bottom of the box be litter with two inch of shred newspaper . crumb of bread and some rice- krispy can be spot here and there : a kid 's idea of a comfy critter 's nest . she move she free hand closer . susan ( to Siri ) can you ...? suddenly and insect big as she hand spring out of the shred paper nest and try to grab on to she ! Minute piece of paper fly through the air !! Susan slap the lid back down . susan ( a scared whisper ) could you ... help I ...? CUT to : later Siri come over as Susan grab steel tong and a cork dissect board . susan I be gonna pull it out and I want you to pin it down , okay ? siri what be it ? susan I have no idea . be you ready ? Siri nod , pin in hand . Susan open the lid and grab the nymph with the tong . the creature go berserk , flail its spindly limb , buz and croaking , a milky substance foaming out of its body . siri oh my God ... Susan deposit the insect onto the corkboard . Siri try to get a hold of it ; but it twist out of the tong and wrap its coarse leg around she hand !! a spider trapping a sparrow . siri shit !! get it ! get it ! SNAP ! it bite she hand between index and forefinger . Susan pin the insect into the corkboard . it spin furiously , like a crazy lp record . Susan get a grip on it again with the tong . Siri use more pin to secure it down . susan ( notice Siri 's hand ) it bit you . siri no shit . susan lean to get a closer look at the nymph : deep dark brown , flat as a pancake , one rear leg break , lower tail smashed . it squirm helplessly now , look pitiful under the harsh overhead light . susan this wing configuration . I have never ... siri ( look at she injury ) fuck ! it break the skin ... susan and they be not fully develop . this thing 's not even a adult . the nymph continue to hiss and foam , struggle against the steel pin . Susan look closely at the insect 's belly . susan my God . siri what ? Susan gesture to look . Siri stare down at the nymph' torso where a set of valve on its underside click in and out . susan ( os ) it 's breathe . siri shake she head . siri that 's impossible . insect do not ... susan I know . ( pick up a scalpel ) help I get a sample . Susan touch she scalpel to the nymph 's leg . the nymph click nervously . susan hold on , big guy , hold on ... she trap the nymph down and cut the leg off . a painful , agonize buzz echoe around the room . CUT to : monitor Susan attaches the insect 's leg to a samll holder . it be freeze in a swirl of dry ice . the brittle leg be then mount in a laser microtome . bit by bit , the machine execute microscopic wafer cut . Siri be make slide out of each section . a series of microphotographic image flash onto the screen . in the background we hear the high - pitch buzz - we see the light from the mount room through a glass brick wall . int . mounting room - night we see the nymph slowly squirming in the fg , then rack focus to the rain-spatter window . suddenly the overcoat man be stand on the windowsill ! the window be lift effortlesly from the outside . susan prepare a blue solution and place two drop on each smear slide . reflected in the glass brick behind she we see the man move across the room . the overcoat man see only through ripple glass and reflection , move through the lab . his body steam lightly from the rain . his movement be quirky , spastic . the man observe the imprison insect with curiosity . he come to the nymph , pin and mutilate on the worktable . the nymph click and chiteer excitedly , as if communicate with the man . he look up at the worklight . it seem to bother he . whump !!! in a blur of motion , he smashes the light bulb . susan watch the smear slide . the blue droplet begin to change color once in contact with the leg section ... susan hold on a second ... ... slowly turn a deep green . siri what ? then , three large beetle fly into the room . Siri look at Susan . Susan get up , hesitant , signal for Siri to stay . we follow Susan into the mount room . susan's Pov she walk in , barely able to see she hand in front of she face . the window face the street be wide open , rain blow in . something crunch under she foot . she bend down , look . she 's step on the break glass of the lightbulb . the floor be alive with various insect -- crawl , hopping , fly away from they display , which have be open . the nymph be go from the board ! she look under the work table the nymph be on . we lower as we track back with she . something be fold up in the corner of the ceiling behind she , camouflage in the shadow , cling impossibly to the wall . the overcoat man . he lower himself with silent grace . Susan whirl . whoosh ! a gust of wind ! a fluttering shadow off the window ! silence . siri ( o.s. ) Susan ? Susan gasp , startle . we shift to see Siri at the door . susan call security . CUT to : ext . flophouse - night the last doh van take off under the heavy rain . across the street , chuy look down from he apartment window . int . manny'' apartment - same chuy sit at the window , twist wire into a human-like figure . moving past he , we see a group of other wire figure on the table , back of chair , lamp , everywhere . manny sit at the kitchen table . he ignite a can of shoe polish with a match , then light a cigarette off the flame . he put the cigarette in he mouth and proceed to polish a pair of shoe . a silly show play over the tv . manny not too little , not too much . you rub it in , around and around like this . let the leather take it . manny lean tiredly against the table . he look fatigue and in pain . he take a small pill and place it under he tongue . manny you watch ? you should learn to work the shoe . you be good with you hand ... manny shoot a glance over to he grandson . manny chuy ... you gonna get all wet . chuy do not pay attention , just stare out at the street . manny do you look at the story book I get you ? manny lift a brightly color children' book . manny we Animal Friends . can you say that , chico ? " Friends " ? nothing from chuy . chuy' Pov - STREET the building across the street . yellow doh tape at the entrance . manny ( os ) a friend be the one you can trust . when you be with a friend , no matter where in the world , you be at home . a figure move out of the shadow and totter in the rain toward the entrance . it be the overcoat man , barely visible in the rain . manny in this city . a friend be a hard thing to find ... chuy his face show a bit of animation . chuy funny shoe ... manny look up from the book . chuy alli . Mr. funny shoe . manny come over , look out . there Pov the figure have disappear into the dark front of the board - up building . manny and chuy manny no one be there . be empty . chuy do not respond . manny turn the boy 's face to he . manny chuy , listen to I . they have Jesus on the cross , but that be not a holy place . you understand ? chuy look at he blankly . manny sigh ; he know he do not . manny ah , nino . God only know what go on in you head , eh ? he pat the boy on the head , then go back to work . chuy turn back to stare at the street . chuy Mr. funny shoe ... CUT to : ext . outside tyler apartment build - night the d.o.h. Van pull up in front of a modest pre-war building . josh and Peter climb out . Peter be review a roster . peter josh , what be Immigration 's countdown ? josh hand Peter a plastic bag with he sweat clothes and run shoe . josh thirty - three worker . Peter hand he the roster . peter there be thirty five list in the reverend Wong 's roster ... josh shit . Peter walk up the front step . peter remember what that woman say , about people be take ? check with the copsin the area . int . tyler apartment - night Peter enter the apartment , which have long since be remodel with a nicer couch and a bigger tv with slightly better reception . peter sus ? no answer . he notice the dining room table be fill with yellow file , all mark juda traditor . peter ( look around once again ) Susan ? int . laundry room Peter come in to find Susan sit in a chair before a dryer , quietly watch laundry whirl within . peter ( regard the laundry . ) think it be my week for that . susan ( shrug . ) I need to think . it be either this or the weather channel . Peter walk over , kiss she . he notice a open book of insect morphology on she lap . there 's a full color photograph of a ootheca -- a insect eggcase . int . laundry room - later Peter fold laundry into he / she pile . Susan pace . susan this thing be the size of my fist , Peter !! that 's off the chart ! peter okay . so you lose a great specimen - susan do not you get it ? it 's more than that . Peter take a bedsheet . Susan help he fold it . susan you know why insect do not grow larger ? because they do not have a complex respiratory system . what I see do . it have lung . Peter walk backward with he end of the sheet . the two begin to fold it together . susan evolution do not work that fast . something push that thing to take the leap . we need to find another specimen . peter we ? as they fold the sheet , they move closer together . susan I do a ph test on its tarsal pad . the fold of the sheet have bring they almost face to face . Susan finish fold herself . susan there 's only two species who match the enzyme I find . one 's a leaf-cutter ant in the amazon ... she have he full attention now . susan the other we release here two year ago . ext . alphabet CITY - avenue B - day a taxi cab make a U turn and cruise on . int . cab Susan ignore the yakking armenian driver as she scan the building and empty lot - armenian driver Avenue b... again ! maybe you get wrong letter , uh ? the cabbie look up at a Manhattan street map glue over he head on the roof of the cab . susan keep go . we will tell you when to stop ... peter maybe they lie to you . susan even if they do ... that 's all we have , be not it ? the cab cruise past the tenement building , nondescript store , junked car and rubble-strewn lot . it stop before a traffic light . a leering homeless guy with a greasy rag and greasier clean solution approach the windshield . armenian no ... oh , shit . get away , you Turk ! the homeless guy begin wiping / smudge the windshield with he dirty rag . the driver send he away . the light turn green . the Driver accelerate , turn on the windshield wiper to expunge the smear leave by the guy . Susan see something . susan pull over ! armenian driver what ...? Susan motion excitedly . the Driver pull over . Susan get out . ext . outside car Susan rush over , remove something from the windshield wiper . a butterfly , its wing pin under the rubber flapper . she hold it in she palm , then look up at Peter . susan metaxonycha godmani . peter so ? Susan look around . just ahead be a empty lot surround by a wooden fence plaster with flyer for rock band and performance artist . a identical butterfly perches on the edge of a board . ext . empty lot Susan and Peter walk through waist-high grass of a small urban wilderness . dozen of butterfly flutter around they from the weed . ricky ( os ) if you want you money back , forget it ! Peter and Susan look up . the voice come from a ramshackle clubhouse , build of wood scrap and cardboard . davis ( os ) we already spend it ! Susan walk forward . susan we be here to deal . Long beat . the door to the clubhouse swing open . CUT to : int . subway station - day a blur of subway car go by with a ear-pulverize SOUND . at the end of the platform , Davis untwist a wire around the bust lock of a locker room door . Peter pace nervously nearby . peter here , let I ... he start on it himself . meanwhile , ricky stare at a photograph Susan have give to he : a ribbed , tortoise - brown color eggcase . susan you sure you do not see one of this ? ricky Gross . what be it ? susan a " ootheca " . a eggcase . it probably have more , uh " weirdbugs " inside . ricky ( shake he head ) no way . I see one of that , I would puke . Davis open the door with a click . int . subway locker room a dark , abandon locker room once use for transit worker . Susan and Peter walk in with the boy , nervous in the off - limit area . davis it be in that corner over there . Davis point to a bank of dent metal locker . ricky sucker be fast , man . ( pick up a pipe . ) have to take it out with one a this . peter okay , guy . we will take it from here . Peter hand ricky some money . the boy looksdown at it slyly . ricky make it ten a ' we will not tell the cop you be here . Peter regards the little scam artist dryly . peter let 's keep it at five and I will not condemn you clubhouse . Peter hand he a couple of dollar more . the two boy take off . Peter remove a penlight from he pocket . Dust cover everything . a forest of copper tubing and pipe where the sink use to be . peter inspect the floor . it 's litter with cheap object : chip comb , use rubber , soggy newspaper , smear heroin syringe . something shiny catch he eye . he pick it up . peter ( quietly ) look , a break tooth ... something rustle nearby . he notice a old , rotting poster on the back wall . it seem oddly textured somehow . he walk toward it . susan kneel , push aside a dent trash bin . behind it , there be a cabinet with rusty slide door . a subway train rumble by outside , the sound echoe off the tile wall . Susan force the door back . she peek through the open . her face stare back at she from a dirty pocket mirror . she start pull something out . peter at the oddly texture wall . he shine the penlight at it ... ... and be meet with a flutter of wing . moth , perfectly camouflage against the poster on the wall , whiz past he . Peter recoil . susan ( os ) you okay ? he nod . susan turn back to she locker . she withdraw a cheap plastic necklace from it . as she remove it , it break . a coulpe of bead fall away ... ... roll under the locker ... ... and bounce -- once , twice , thrice -- each time go deeper till they come to a stop . Susan peer where the bead fall . susan there 's something under here . Peter come over , kneel by she . Susan take a handful of bead and throw they at the base of the locker . camera track to follow one of they . it roll all the way under . a moment later , from some interior space , the sound of it bouncing on cement . he shine he light inside . int . hole - peter' hand very dark . a highlight glint off a shell - like surface . the light barely touch it . the whole surface back away . Peter drop the penlight . it get stick in a jutting piece of concrete . peter peter shit . Peter try to get he hand in deeper but he can not reach the light . it be literally inch from he finger ... susan susan let I try . my hand be smaller . she kneel and go for it . int . hole - susan's hand her hand reach for the penlight . she barely touch it . the penlight spin around . its light now illuminate ... the face of a man . unseen by Susan . terrify in its doll - like simplicity . in the darkness , its feature seem indiscernable , inert , almost freeze in a perfectly symmetrical pattern . it regards the spiderlike movement of Susan 's finger . susan be face squinch with the effort . peter honey , just leave it . susan no , there 's ... int . hole - susan's hand as Susan 's hand move closer , the strange face begin to tremble . a clicking SOUND . Susan 's hand be almost there . susan reach further . and suddenly a beam of light cut through the darkness . they vision resolve . the figure of two mta cop stand before they : ernest , 50 , burly and bull - neck ; and leonard -- African american , 45 , more formidable than fat . leonard ( wearily ) now do not tell I . int . hole Susan 's hand withdraw . leonard ( os ) you lose a token , right ? CUT to : int . subway platform - later shh-shh -shh . a feel rag be expertly be pull across a set of pristine black shoe . reveal Leonard sit like a king in a chair , get he shoe shine by manny . he lean back laconically while argue with Peter . Ernest examine the ootheca picture . peter look , I show you my badge ... leonard yeah , and you gonna have to show I a lot bigger one you wanna go down there . that 's the old maintenance grid , Doc . swiss cheese : tunnel , track ... peter the Department of Public Health ... leonard ... should know better and to go sneakin ' around my turf ... peter Fine . you want I to call you supervisor ? leonard please do . he 's a lonely guy . uninterested , Leonard look over to Susan and chuy . angle on susan she lean against the wall , inspect she dirty hand . Ernest give she he handkerchief . chuy ( os ) gucci . flat pump . she look down at chuy , who sit nearby , hold a pair of spoons . ernest you shoe . she stare down at she shoe . gucci flat pump , all right . Susan smile . just then , a subway train pull up . the door open , disgorge passenger . chuy flip into action . he start play he spoon , clicking they together , slapping they against he knee . Susan watch in wonder as the boy begin to use the spoon to imitate the different rhythmical step pattern of the various commuter : the roll , comical gait of a fat man , the lithe haughty step of a prim lady . susan ( laugh . to chuy . ) that 's wonderful ! what grade be you in ? chuy do not answer . ernest no school . shoes're all chuy know about . Ernest discreetly point to he forehead . manny ( immediately ) he 's special . leonard he can imitate anything , you just watch he . peter ( irritably , to Leonard ) Excuse I , I be talk to you . leonard no , you talkin ' at I . Leonard hand manny a $ 5.00 bill for the shine , get up and walk past Peter as if he be invisible . ernest ( discreetly , to Susan ) be there some reward for this ? susan I guess that could be arrange . Ernest smile , pocket the ootheca picture . peter for chrissake . you gonna lay a two - bit bureaucratic , territorial number on I ? leonard you wanna keep up the conversation , you best come back with the proper permit and the right attitude . Leonard saunter away with Ernest in tow . Peter shake he head angrily . he take Susan by the arm , head off in another direction . chuy , without watch , click he spoon to the imitation of they step . int . subway stair - day Susan and Peter walk up the stair ; Peter still fume . peter you give someone a fuck uniform and ... do you hear how he talk to we ? susan I hear how you talk to he . peter oh , so I be the bad guy now ? Susan spare he a ironic look . susan he be just do he job . peter Fine , then I be the bad guy . Jesus ! at the top of the stair they be completely engulf by sunlight . peter he want a permit , I will get he a permit . CUT to : int . subway track - dusk a train blur by . a flashlight beam over dirty gravel . tilt with the beam to see Ernest walk he beat past track and girder . hulk out -of-service subway car surround he . he shine he light on the ootheca picture and then around he at the wall . a SOUND catch he attention . a rustling . he notice something off to a corner , walk over to it . a shiny brown lump in the corner , cover in garbage . he touch the lump with he shoe . it stir slightly . he touch it again ... ... and a pair of legs suddenly lash out , kick at he reflexively . Ernest jump back . another set of legs emerge ... oddly enough , Ernest relax . ernest chrissake ... he grab the surface of the lump , and pull it . we see that it be just a shiny brown tarp . underneath , a group of three homeless people -- emaciate , toothless -- sleep intertwined for warmth . in the dim light , they almost seem like a single organism . ernest guy , c'mon . the homeless people stare back at he mutely . Ernest start get annoyed . ernest I tell you to stick by the maintenance area . bag lady Nah ... it 's private property now . Ernest look at she , confuse . skeletal bum he eat down there . ernest who ? homeless man the stickman . bag lady Long John . the homeless man point . Ernest turn he light . another silhouette of the overcoat man draw on the wall . a arrow below it point east . ernest graffiti artist , uh ? ( to homeless people ) look guy , just get off my beat , you hear ? get move . Ernest hustle they out . the homeless people glare at he , pick up they thing and head into the gloom . Ernest watch they go . he turn back to the graffiti painting of the stickman . dissolve to : int . subway tunnel - later Ernest walk deeper into the tunnel . dusklight slant in weakly from grate above . he stop as a rumble be hear ahead of he he duck into a recess in the wall . the rumble grow louder , louder . a subway train curve around the bend up ahead , its headlight rake the opposite wall to reveal ... a figure crouch over something . we hear chomping and swallowing sound . cu ernest squint to see over he flashlight beam . ernest hey , buddy ! no answer . just the wet sound of food get chew and ingest . Ernest be revolt . ernest get off my track ... the crouching figure lift its head and look around in a unusually quick blur of motion . it 's the overcoat man . another distant rumble . Ernest 's clothes flutter in the puff of hot wind that signal a approach train . Ernest pull a can of mace from he belt , begin to advance . the overcoat man stand up . Ernest stop in he track . for he see that the overcoat man be hold a large object in he arm . something wet and shiny with blood . a dead dog . the overcoat man drop the animal . it roll slowly down he chest ... ... and be briefly catch by another set of arm extending from he torso . ernest sweet Jesus ... the overcoat man let the animal fall to the ground . he begin walk toward Ernest . Ernest back away . the overcoat man leap on he just as the subway train roar past ! crack ! Ernest 's body be twisted and crunch by powerful arm . through the strobing window we see Ernest envelop by the dark figure , then raise above , take away . track the can of mace roll next to the track as the train clear . the track be empty again . CUT to : int . exhibition hall - banner we pan across the banner : ' architect of nature '. int . exhibition floor exhibit under glass set up throughout the room : insect chamber and vault of great complexity , etc . a open night crowd of affluent museum patron . all tuxedoe and paint smile . some peremptorily peruse the display ; most just camp out at the buffet table . Peter enter , dress in he worksuit . he scan the room , see Siri lean against a wall by the buffet table , drink a orange juice . he go over to she . peter heya . ( kiss she on the cheek . ) where 's the boss ? Siri gesture to the far end of the room . Susan stand alone , sip a chardonnay by a ant mound exhibit . siri ant mound . Peter notice Siri seem unusually weary . she cover one of she eye . peter you okay ? siri it 's just a headache . we be sandblast trump Tower here since four this morning . peter maybe you should sit ... siri I be fine . go talk to Susan . she could use a good word right now . she nod for he to go ahead . Peter leave . Siri close she eye . she rub the bandage around the insect bite on she hand . peter approach Susan . she 's stare through thry glass pane of the exhibit at the crowd of patron . in the refraction , they black tuxedoe and evening gowns seem to blend into one another . peter great crowd . susan no such thing , baby . she look over at the crowd congregate around the buffet table . susan I get the feel they come more for the potroast than the apterid . peter fuck them . they do not know what they be miss . susan ( distantly ) right . Peter look at she . peter what 's wrong ? Susan sigh . susan oh ... nothing that a little menopausal 's pee daikiri could not cure . least that 's what I think . Peter look at she , notice that one of she hand be on she stomach . peter ( genuinely move ) oh , no , you be - susan I be just late . Susan nod . Peter take she hand . they sit by the ant mound . susan ironic , do not you think ? this guy can hatch hundred of offspring in a single clutch of egg , right ? and here we be ... peter Susan , we be not b- siri ( os ) Susan ? Susan look up to see Siri stand on the other side of the glass case . siri ( weakly . ) I be sorry . I think ... I need ... one of she eye be completely bloodshot . her mouth be bleed . she put she hand on the case to steady herself . her finger leave a streak of blood on the glass . susan Siri ... Siri collapse . the exhibit tip over . Peter pull Susan out of the way just as the exhibit fall and smashes to the ground ! susan Siri ! the room erupt into commotion . Susan and Peter run to Siri , who lie unconscious on the floor . Peter gently turn she over . Siri 's bleeding from the corner of she mouth . just like the chinese worker in the sweatshop . tuxedoed people encircle she next to the insect mound . smash CUT to : ext . new york STREET - night a ambulance race down the avenue toward a distant hospital . int . hospital - hallway Siri be rush on a gurney toward the emergency room . Peter and Susan walk next to it talk to dr . CHRIS raymond , a 35 - year old er physician . peter ... I think it 's some kind of systemic infection , Chris . I see a few case like it yesterday . a sweatshop in Canal . raymond ( to Peter . ) okay , look . you better come in with I . help I through . int . emergency room Raymond , Peter , and several other er staff work on Siri , now lie on a operate table . raymond ( to Peter ) all hand on deck , Pete . remember the dril ? peter it will come back to I . raymond inspect Siri 's wounded hand . the bandage have be remove . the bite -wound be infect and suppurate . a large red circular rash around it . peter look like a lyme disease rash . raymond it 's not consistent with the internal bleed . any idea what bit she ? Peter shake he head . raymond I think we be gonna need to have that specimen here . a assistant finish insert a catheter down she throat . blood and fluid leak up through the clear tube . above the operating theater . stare down through the circular glass deck , Susan silently observe the procedure . CUT to : int . manny'' apartment - night salmon - color light slant in from sodium vapor streetlight . pan through the shadowy room , past manny 's sleep form to chuy , asleep under a tent make of a old Star Wars blanket . a rhythmical clicking SOUND be hear from outside . chuy pop he head out from under the blanket , listen . ext . FIRE escape - night wearing only he pajama bottom , chuy step out on the fire escape with he spoon in hand . the clicking resume from the building across the street . overhead view the barefoot little boy cross the street , step through the center of the huge paint stain on the sidewalk . the clicking sound come again . STREET level the clicking come again from inside the flophouse . it continue a little bit , then stop . chuy click he spoon together , mimick the sound . beat . a clicking from within again ; almost a answer . chuy duck under the yellow doh tape , walk toward the front of the building . he come to the board entrance . there be a hole , narrow , and low in the doorway . chuy squat , begin to wriggle through it . int . flophouse - lobby chuy step into the lobby . the clicking come again , from further inside . chuy move to find it . chapel bit of streetlight slant in . chuy walk slowly , listen . he step into the shadow of a looming figure . he turn ... chuy' Pov - crucifix we start on bleed , nail - pierce foot , then tilt up the twisted body to the face of Jesus , look down . chuy stare without emotion at the plaster figure . movement to he side . he turn again . a dimly - light figure stand before he . shapes fold and regroup in the darkness , resolve into the tall figure of the overcoat man . the man begin to emit the clicking noise from under he chin , he whole head vibrate . chuy smile . he have a beautiful smile . chuy Mr. funny shoe . he play he spoon , imitate the sound the figure make . he be answer ... but this time , it 's from the other side of the room . we pan as he turn . another overcoat man appear in the shadow . chuy giggle , delighted . CUT to : int . hospital - waiting room Susan and Peter . susan ... you do not even know what you be look for . peter you say that thing be big as you hand . I do not think I be go to miss ... susan why take the chance ? just let I go down there with you ... peter no . Susan glare at he . Peter sit down by she . peter Susan , listen to I : you handle that insect almost as much as Siri ... susan it do not bite I . peter I know . but if it be carry something ... there 's a chance you could have be expose . Susan be silent . peter Chris be go to run some blood test on you . I want you to stay here till he 's absolutely sure you be clean . okay ? then you will call I ... you will catch up with we ... Susan look up at he . finally , she nod . peter we will be all right , sus . I promise . he lean over , kiss she gently . but Susan seem hardly reassure . CUT to : int . manny'' apartment - predawn the blue hour before dawn . laconic movement outside . New York drag itself out of bed . we find manny fix some melt cheese sandwich on a hot plate . he address chuy 's tent bed behind he . manny my father see I stay in bed , he would go get a pitcher . cold water , whoosh , I tell you that 's some alarm clock , brrrrr ! manny cut the bread in four equal section and arrange they in a star-shape pattern . a breakfast ritual of some kind . manny ah ! there you go ! the way you like them , chu-chu ... ( he pour a glass of milk . ) we be low on milk , you remind grampa to pick some up tonight , okay ? he walk over to chuy 's tent bed . he pull the sheet aside . his grandson be go . CUT to : ext . sewage filtration plant - predawn sewage water bubble in huge tank . a workman walk down catwalk above the tank , disengaging the larger piece of debris from the filter area with grapple hook . shoe , tire , rag ... a grinding SOUND be hear . the workman yell out to a control booth above . workman hold up ! we gotta block on filter D. SOUND of the pump come to a halt . the workman walk to the filter area . he sink he grapple hook into the pollute water . underwater shot spooky , silent . the grapple hook move like a scythe to the filter ... ... past long , soft filament of ragged tissue ... ... and connect with a larger form . above water the workman feel the grapple hook connect . he give a yank , hook whatever it be . he begin pull it up . a pale form bubbles to the surface . the workman 's face go pale . workman oh , God ... a grate voice from the control booth be hear over the p.a . control booth voice what 's the problem ? it take the workman a moment to speak . workman I think it 's a baby ! the workman pull the form ( as if that will do any good ) toward the edge of the tank . he bend down , and now get he first good look at it . the workman scream . his grapple hook fall from he hand , into the sewage . CUT to : int . hospital - icu ward Susan watch Siri from behind a pane of glass . Siri be connect to a respirator , she vital sign monitor by several machine . Raymond approach Susan , two cup of coffee in he hand . raymond how you feel ? susan you tell I . he smile , give she one of the cup . raymond you blood test be all negative . you check out . Susan visibly relax . she look back at the icu ward . susan what about Siri ? raymond she 's stable . I do not think there 's any immediate danger , but we will have to keep she under observation ... susan you think it 's some form of strickler 's , do not you ? beat . Raymond shrug . raymond pathology 's still work on the tissue sample . if it be ... it must be a errant strain . shorter incubation period . ( beat . ) I be sorry , Sue . we just do not know yet . int . hospital - bathroom at the sink , Susan run water over she hand , she face , try to collect herself . she look up in the mirror . we see that she eye be swollen , tear-stain . int . hospital - hallway she walk out of the lady room , drying she face with a paper towel . sound of a nearby argument catch she attention . jeremy ( os ) ...how many time I gotta tell you , man : we can not accept this ! emt ( os ) well , what the hell else be I suppose to do with it ? Susan head in the direction of the voice . int . hospital - hallway near morgue a orderly ( jeremy ) argue with a emt . they point of contention : a small form lie on a stretcher . jeremy take it out back and throw it in the friggin ' dumpster ! emt not unless somebody sign for it . Susan walk toward they , catch sight of the tiny form . her eye go wide . susan oh , my God . Jeremy notice she . jeremy hey , you can not ... susan what 's you name ? jeremy Jeremy ... susan okay , Jeremy ... go get Dr. Chris Raymond , will you ? jeremy Lady ... susan do you hear I ? get Dr. Raymond ! now !! Jeremy hesitates . but if she tone be not enough , the stare she give he certainly be . jeremy okay . Jeremy back away , take off down the hall . Susan approach the stretcher . susan ( to emt ) where would you find it ? emt washed up at the filtration plant on Bank street . some asshole there think it be a baby . they call we . Susan bend over it . she cover she mouth and nose at the stench . emt it 's a lobster , right ? but it 's not . what lie on the stretcher before they look more like a demon from a brueghel painting . a three foot insect . it 's mephitic , pink - white body be rotten , fall apart . the head 's intact , with strange , large jaw throw wide open . the chitin on one be half go . CUT to : int . subway locker room josh deposit a backpack full of equipment on the floor , along with a small acrylic cage . Peter train he flashlight into the bank of locker . Leonard , weary and piss , look at he watch . leonard better hurry it up , Doc . my shift 's almost over . josh hand he a piece of paper . peter guess someone request you for overtime ... buddy . Peter brace he leg and try to push the whole bank of locker clear -- the locker section tip and fall with a enormous bang , which echoe loudly off the tile wall . Dust fly everywhere . when the dust settles and flashlight be focuss on the area of the wall where the locker stand , we see a large hole . CUT to : int . morgue - day use a steel probe , Susan examine the dead insect . susan posterior sternite be go ... half the protonum rotted off . Raymond lift one of the wing . a clump of white larvae feast on the flesh underneath . raymond maggot ... susan near hatching . thing must have die about three week ago . Susan close the mandible and examine they . susan do you have a polaroid ? CUT to : int . subway track Water dripping from overhead , echoing footstep - very spooky . Leonard lead Peter and josh down the tunnel - leonard you all watch you step . we get some burrow goin ' down seven storey here . you fall , I do not wanna have to come pick you up . josh ( whisper to Peter ) New York 's finest . monumental archway give way to nave as big as Notre Dame . josh flash the ultra-violet light over a abandon underground encampment , make of cardboard wall , electrical wiring , elaborate debris kitchen . the wall be completely take by layer after layer of hand carve initial and message . everything from " kilroy be here " to elaborate quotation from the bible . josh there 's really people live down here ? leonard mole people . this section be pretty popular , all the way to fulton Street ... they flashlight shine in a haze of brown dust . the air be heavy . leonard substance abuser , mental case ... then about a year ago , poof ! all go . rumor get start ... someone find a couple of stiff ... they work they way down a steep incline . they be cover in sweat . leonard down here 's the land of talk , see ? so the wildest version go the farthest . they mark that area with a sign or a draw , and its as good as close . ( chuckle ) we have one fella ... for year say he be bela lugosi . get he on geraldo . Peter 's cellular ring . he pick up - big static - intercut with : morgue Susan 's get the phone up on she shoulder , clamp against she ear . Raymond 's cranking out a bunch of Polaroid . Color shot of the insect , from every angle . susan it 's I . can you hear I ? peter ( phone , barely audible ) yeah , barely . we have not find anything down here . nothing ... Jeremy go to the fridge for a beer . susan I have . the fridge light play over the large insect jaw . it make out a few new ridge and valley . Raymond snap a couple of Polaroid . susan I be on my way . I have get something for you to look at ... Susan notice something weird and undefinable about the contour of the claw ... but she can not put she finger on it . back at the tunnel peter we will be back at the platform in ... leonard 20 minute . if you do not go sight - see anymore . peter ( to phone . ) 20 minute . ( beat . ) Susan ? the call be lose . Peter try to change frequency , but it 's useless . Peter replace the phone in he pocket . he walk off . leonard funny . shoulda see some track bunny by now . josh what ? leonard track bunny . rat . they be usually around . no one notice the overcoat man carve on the wall . CUT to : int . manny'' apartment - night on manny 's dining room table , a heap of unpolish shoe have accumulate . the radio be play a sad , elegiac tango . manny no , no , please understand ... I can not wait that long . look dishevel and tired , manny clutches the phone , listen intently . manny please . I write it down . ( he write ) 2 ... 8 ... 7 ... 3 . what do this mean " case number " ? okay . so , now what ? when can you ...? he hold a color snapshot of chuy sit on a mailbox . manny no , I can not wait ... no , listen ... click . manny slowly hang up . he stare at he notepad , at the number 2873 . manny hijos de puta . he crumple it up , throw it away , cross to the window , pick up chuy 's last wire figure - figure , closer another human-looking figure , long and thin , but with something slightly off about it . it have six limb instead of four ! manny frown , look down at the dark flophouse across the street . manny Mr. funny shoe . distant thunder be hear . bathroom cabinet manny take a straight razor from the bathroom cabinet , open the blade . ext . subway station - day Susan arrive at the stair lead down to the subway station . a couple pass she on they way up . a sign over the entrance say " station will close for repair at 3 pm - token only " . Susan look around - the area be semi - desert , a bit creepy . she take a deep breath , descend . int . subway - day Susan push through the turnstile , enter the long corridor of gleam tile , a somewhat de-humanize atmosphere , straight out of a George tooker painting . very creepy . Susan 's footstep echo in the empty tunnel . she sneak a nervous glance over she shoulder - nobody be follow she - platform " a " delancey Susan observe the locker room door impatiently . a small crew of repairmen be dismantle a row of fluorescent light . she sit and wait . CUT to : int . deep in tunnel Peter , josh and Leonard walk through a darker area . the floor beneath they suddenly change , become tile . josh ( sniff ) smell like acid . Peter stop , look around . peter ammonia . josh walk to the right , where the smell seem to emanate from . at last they come to int . vaulted area - continuous josh light a flare , set it on the ground , walk ahead . the ominous rumble of a subway be hear in the distance . a crack water MAIN above . Water dribble to the ground . josh Peter ... peter yeah ...? josh there 's some weird shit here . peter weird shit ...? josh take a look . Leonard shine he flashlight ahead . revealed , quite literally , be a world of shit . large fece scattered everywhere : on the floor , hang sausage - like from the ceiling . one can almost taste the stench of old ammonia . Peter put on a rubber glove , inspect one of the fecal stalactite . josh fecal matter , unknown origin : weird shit . ( beat ) whatever it be , it 's not human . josh break off a sample , drop it in a jar with a hard thunk . Leonard turn away in distaste . leonard and it need some metamucil . CUT to : ext . flophouse - night it 's raining like hell . manny approach the abandon flophouse . he peek through the board - up front entrance . right there , on the dusty lobby floor , clearer than the larger shoeprint ... ...he discover a trail of tiny , barefoot print . manny chuy ... he kick experimentally at the plank , but they be far too strong . alley manny explore the opposite face of the building , look for a way in . a dog be barking incessantly . manny turn . something move in the shadow ! something long and thin , haloed by the rain . it move again , the streetlight touch it for a fleeting moment as it totter around to the rear of the building . it 's the overcoat man ! the man hurry past . manny sprint after he . alley manny come run around a pile of grocery crate . there be the overcoat man . cargo worker mill around a group of vegetable truck , unload produce . the overcoat man attract no attention . keeping he head down , stay near the shadow building . jumping and hopping , he skitter into a alley . following manny have to trot to keep up with the mysterious figure . he pause to take a pill and place it under he tongue . once it take effect he move on . the overcoat man have move past a chainlink fence . how ?? it 's too high !!! the old man squeeze through a jag open . the metal fabric cut he shirt . on the other side : a dead end . nowhere to go except for ... a sewage grate manny lift it . sewage pipe manny land on he foot with considerable difficulty . he flick he lighter flame and open the straight razor . this pipe be carpete with trash and a thick crust of dirt . something move under a wet newspaper : a thick mass of long - legge spider dissolve onto the wall and floor . suddenly ... the distant sound of spoon play . manny chuy ... manny pull a rosary from he pocket , wrap it around he wrist and cross himself with the razor ... ... then begin to move down the pipe . CUT to : platform " a " delancey Susan examine the Polaroid . she pull out a payday bar . the crew of repairmen be leave . repairman hey , Lady , all power will be down in five minute , okay ? susan okay .... she munch on the bar . she stop : one snapshot have catch she attention . the fridge light illuminate this photograph . Susan turn it around ... and around ... try to find something different in the line . a train roar by . then she notice it : the polaroid the close jaw . they look like a human face . susan get up nervously and head for the dor to the locker room . a whole row of lamp go off . the rest flicker in and out . then we see , now stand on she platform : the overcoat man !! he look at she between a row of column under the dead neon light . Susan try the locker room door . it 's unlock . int . locker room - susan carefully cross the floor to the bank of locker . she kneel to examine the hole in the wall . she near a noise . the overcoat man be move toward she . susan Peter ? overcoat man the man 's face tip back ... ... raise the complex , glitter insect head from behind its mask - like front jaw . its multi-part mouth click OPEN . Susan scream ! the thing charge , its " coat " open to reveal ... six leathery wing , fully extend ! the wingspan block the whole tunnel , they vibrate rapidly . Susan try to run , but the creature -- hereafter know simply as " the mimic " -- leap onto her chest ! she 's drag scream into the hole . they silhouettes recede rapidly amidst a confusion of leg , wing and pipe . CUT to : int . vaulted area Peter and josh put the fecal sample into the back -pack . Leonard stand at the other end of the area . he inspect some old scaffolding set up at a open which lead to the remains of a old station fifteen foot below . leonard I have never be this deep . this area here be the Old armory station . they build it in the 40' . ran out of money half - way through ... it 's like Grand Central 's dead little brother . tile mosaic wall , column , monumental arch . space for shop . a group of abandon turn - of - the-century subway car on parallel track . leonard okay , the fat lady 's sing . time to go . everything be gray with dust . peter ( o.s. ) ( to josh ) I want a team in here by six tonight , hand and knee with toothpick ... Leonard squint down at the plank of the scaffold . a nymph -- big as the one see earlier -- emerge from a pile of nearby fece as if it be part of the mound . keeping he eye fix on the insect , Leonard coolly bend down , pick up a rock . peter put the last sample box into the back - pack , look up and see leonard step onto the scaffold , raise the rock to crush the nymph . peter do not !! smash ! Leonard toss the rock at the insect , crush it . Peter rush to the insect 's corpse on the scaffold . leonard do you see the size of that thing ?! peter look what you do ! you stupid sonofa - a creak from the scaffold at they combine weight . Leonard grab Peter , try to pull he from the scaffold . creeeeaaaaak ! the entire scaffolding give way ! buckle diagonally ... ... take Peter and Leonard with it ... crash ! both Peter and Leonard be throw to the ground of the station below . the scaffold fall around they . josh rush forward . josh Peter ! peter and leonard stir in the wreckage . Peter rise shakily . he put he glass on . one of the lense be badly smashed . peter it 's okay . I be all right . he try to help Leonard up ; Leonard knock he hand away . leonard get the hell away from I ! Peter look up at josh . peter ( deadpan ) he 's all right , too . Leonard brushes himself off , check out he walkie-talkie . it 's be break in the fall , a tangle of plastic and wire . he curse under he breath . Peter check the wall for a handhold . but there 's only smooth tile and dust . leonard oh , that 's gonna work . peter you get a better way up ? Leonard remove he badge , toss it up to josh . leonard ( to josh . ) show that to the station manager . tell he Leonard 's gonna have he bubble - butt he do not have someone down here in ten . josh h-how do I get ...? leonard Way we come . take the first tunnel to you right ... Leonard 's voice echoe off the cavernous wall . josh hurriedly write it down in he notebook . leonard ( os ) go leave . go leave again till you hit the fork ... then right again . you get that ? josh I think so . one right , two left ... leonard and a right . josh right . peter go josh . now . josh obey . CUT to : int . niche we hear a persistent beeping ... a concrete room fill with glimmer debris . can , eyeglass , fake tooth , chrome , foil , glass shard , break watch . Susan lie unconscious , half - sink in a mulch of decompose food , old newspaper , plastic garbage bag . a inch of brown water burble past she bloody head . something jostle she , rock she back and forth . her eyelid slowly open . a huge mimic be perched on her body ! its wingcase be drooped around she like a shroud . the creature furiously tear at she jacket , try to get at Susan 's beeper . the beeper spill from she pocket along with several pay Day bar . the mimic crush the machine instantly , then chomp up all the candy bar with a single move of its mandible . Susan watch in terror as the creature step away . a SOUND from a adjacent tunnel . Susan look ... ... and see another mimic pull the remains of a man into the darkness . Susan grope around she in the soggy debris , look for some weapon . susan's hand her finger close around a three - foot piece of rusty pipe . something dark drip on she hand . susan look up . above she , a badly decompose human foot , or what be leave of it . all part of the excarnate corpse of the chinese preacher . his gold cross shine boldly in the dark . Susan gasp . the mimic hear the sound . it immediately skitter back to she . susan jerk herself sideways ... and stab the pipe into the mimic 's thorax with a wet crrk ! Susan heave herself up , push the thing onto its back . the mimic buzy furiously , milky white foam pump from the wound . its leg slash the air as it try to right itself . Susan run for the tunnel , debris fall from she clothing . CUT to : josh come to a t-junction . he check he notepad for the appropriate direction . he turn , head leave . CUT to : int . tunnel Susan stagger through a dark passageway . Water drizzle into she grimy face . she look up . rain leak from a overhead grate three storey up . she can see the shoe of people walk to and for above . susan help !!! ext . STREET above - night life as usual on delancey street . pedestrian crisscross the metal grate , hunch under they umbrella . traffic noise , t.v. display on street front store , boom box , car horn ... they drow out the tiny sound of Susan 's voice ... susan hear distant feet scurry toward she , punctuate by a metallic clang ! clang ! clang ! side tunnel clang ! the metal pipe , still imbed in the mimic , bang the wall as the insect move down the drip narrow tunnel . susan look around frantically . she cross to a metal lid on the floor , lift it . a hole be below , drop off into darkness . the mimic 's clanging grow louder . Susan sit herself on the edge of the hole , grasp the metal lid by handle on its underside . the mimic rush into the chamber , speed toward she ... Susan jump into the hole , hang onto the lid ... whang ! the lid slam shut over the hole a fraction of a second before the creature reach it . the mimic touch the lid with its antennae , confuse . int . hole the tick - ticking of the mimic 's antennae scan the lid . Susan hang from the handle on the lid , she arm tremble . Susan 's strength give out . she let go , fall . pipe gallery Susan crash onto a juncture between two large pipe . she moan in pain . closer - susan secure she position , look down . a seemingly bottomless pit below , crisscross with a forest of pipe and duct . the nearest pipe above she be well beyond reach . she be trap . then she hear the SOUND of the lid open above . she hold she breath . a faint yellow light of a lighter flicker down at she . CUT to : wet section josh cautiously enter a vault area . Old pipe have be rip from the wall . water gush over the steel - plate wall . he look around - this do not seem familiar . josh freeze as he see something behind a loose metal plate on the wall . he yank at the plate - it give a little bit . he yank harder - the plate fall down on one side , hang precariously from a loose bolt . it reveal a hole packed with dozen and dozen of oothecas . he lean close to examine they - there be a noise in the tunnel behind he - josh be Pov - waterfall a curtain of water fall over the side of a pipe onto the floor . behind it , something enormous crawl into view . multiple leg , antennae , a elongate body distort by the water and the light of a flare . it stop - josh holding he breath and tiptoeing sideways , never take he eye off the thing , josh begin to move away . he see a narrow open in the wall - there seem to be dim light come from something beyond it . he try to squeeze through the open - mimic the creature be immobile behind the sheet of water , as if mesmerize by its flow - pit - josh with tremendous effort , josh pass through the open . he find himself inside a bowl - shape mud hole . scatter around he he see funny bunny patch that be sewn in the sweatshop . he trip on a half - bury sewing machine . he look up - above he be a grate . he 's come to the shower room of the sweatshop ! int . sweatshop shower room empty now , except for the rusting sewing machine in a corner . we tilt to see josh move the grate away . he jump - no way he can grab onto the slippery tile - he hand slide !! pit josh put the old sewing machine upright . outside suddenly , the bolt hing the plate give way and ... the steel plate hit the ground : klangg !! the mimic leap into action ! pit - josh hear the clicking , fairly close . he shine he light back down the hole he enter through - josh be Pov - the mimic move past the waterfall and take the wall at full speed . josh josh oh shit , oh shit , oh shit ! he stand on top of the sewing machine , wobble , reach for the floor above - sweatshop shower room josh 's head and one shoulder be in through the hole . his arm tremble . he make a desperate lunge and manage to grab the power cord of one of the abandon sewing machine . the mimic rush through the open without even slow down . josh pull himself up , up - wham ! the mimic hit the lower part of he body , blood spraying up through the hole . he scream , grasp the cord with both hand ! he be brutally yanked down into the hole , the sewing machine tipping , then drag across the tile floor till it wedge violently in the hole ! we track over to reveal , one of chuy 's perfectly execute wire sculpture . sitting atop another sewing machine . CUT to : int . remains of the subway station a ring of flare burn in the darkness like a island . Peter light another one , revealing a space bury in layer of dust and time . crack mannequin face stare out from a unopen tailor shop . a flower parlor decorate with cobweb . a yellow newspaper on the floor , its headline read : german troops driven back across rhine . Peter look up to see Leonard approach from the track . peter any luck ? leonard well ... there 's a old service elevator half a mile down the track . ai not gonna be much use , though . line be dead . Peter shine he flare up at a thick cord of cable which hum ominously with electricity . peter you say that cables're still live . can not we rewire ...? leonard oh , man , there you go again . peter what ? leonard that thing bring juice to the new station . you just can not rewire that shit ... Peter approach he . peter for chrissake , what 's the problem ? you need a memo every time you fart ? leonard all right , motherfucker , that 's it . he push Peter violently . they eye lock and meet . inch away from a fistfight . peter shh ! shh ! a SOUND rush towards they , its echoe increase by the second . where be it come from ? Peter look at Leonard . Leonard unbutton he holster clip , place he hand on he . 22 a shadow appear outside the archway . it step onto the platform . Leonard frown . leonard ( tentative ) manny ?! the old man stumble out of the darkness , out of breath . a rusted crowbar in he hand . Leonard walk over to he solicitously . leonard my God , what the hell be you ...? manny hurry , the woman need help ! a shadow cross Peter 's face . peter woman ? CUT to : int . pipe gallery outstretched hand in the darkness . reveal Peter lean across the void with one hand while manny and Leonard grip he other . Susan below , balance precariously on the crisscross pipe . a mess , but still alive . she reach up to Peter . it 's too far . susan ( a whisper ) do not . peter listen to I : we be get you out . Leonard and manny pull Peter back into int . tunnel Peter undoe he belt . peter ( to manny and Leonard ) give I you belt . they obey . Peter buckle they together with he . he then loop one end around a bannister , the other around he wrist . leonard ( to manny , as he tie they together ) what be you do down here ? manny chuy . he be take . he 's down here somewhere ... ( to Peter ) oh , please , hurry . I see what be after she . peter what 's ...? manny just hurry . Peter take he word for it . he use the belt to lower himself to the nearest pipe . Leonard light a flare to illuminate the pipe gallery . Peter work he way down . the web of pipe seem to recede into hade . the lifeline tighten . Peter get to the last solid foot , lie down on he stomach and let the belt down . peter I be come , sus , I be come . but then , he see something move below she . then a hollow clang ! clang ! clang ! susan no , Jesus , no . peter ( to Leonard ) toss the flare down ! leonard I only get ... peter just do it ! Leonard let the flare drop from he hand . it fall past they , ricochete off the maze of pipe , spin down to the pitch - black below . and for a split second the flame illuminate ... the mimic pipe in its thorax , nimbly climbing the pipe toward susan clang ! clang ! clang ! peter be eye grow huge . peter oh , Jesus ... leonard just plain lose it . leonard what the fuck be that ?! what the fuck be that ?! susan know all too well what 's come for she . susan ( a desperate appeal ) Peter ... throw caution to the wind , Peter reach the belt down . peter wrap it around you hand ! Susan at last get a grip . Peter pull with both arm . clang ! clang ! clang ! get closer . peter come on ! Susan struggle for foothold on the slippery pipe , ascend foot by foot ... Peter pull she into he arm . clang ! clang ! clang ! Peter bend down . peter get on my shoulder ! Susan step onto he shoulder . he push she up ... and Leonard and manny yank she out . clang ! clang ! clang ! Peter scramble up , slam the lid back on the hole . peter let 's go ! the four of they run . hold on the lid . wham ! it burst from the floor , roll away like a coin . int . abandoned platform the four human run down the empty platform . Peter spare a look back . peter oh , shit ... Far down the tunnel , the mimic have spread its wing and be flying after they !! manny there ! he point to the open door of a ancient subway car . they sprint for the car , get to the door . manny , Peter , Leonard , then Susan ... int . subway repair car ... tumble inside a repair car cramme with shelf and empty crate . leonard get the goddam door ! Leonard and Peter both grab its handle , slide it shut ... splack ! the mimic crash into it ! klanggg ! the door bulge out from the impact , almost tear itself off the hinge . Susan jump back . manny run to cover she . the creature be catch , half in , half out , antennae and foreleg wave wildly ! the abdomen crash through a pane of glass . peter push it ! push it ! do not let up ! Leonard and Peter push harder , barely keep it pin . the upper half of the mimic tear itself loose . white blood spatter everywhere . the mimic be now CUT in half ! the wing flap wildly , the abdomen shatter the safety window 's outer panel . but the front section be still alive . it scrabble in , spraying white blood ... ... drag itself up on the ceiling , then down onto the floor and under a row of shelf in a half - circle around the car till it finally come to a halt . silence . the only sound be a skittering outside . Susan look outside the window . the mimic 's rear half be still try to push through the door , its foot blindly drag along . leonard leonard what the fuck be that ? Peter say nothing . Leonard grab he by the shirt . leonard you better tell I what the hell 's go on here ! manny hey , hey !! take it easy !! peter ( to Leonard ) we do not know !! we do not know what it be ! Leonard release Peter and , cock he gun move closer to the still thing . peter wait a minute - leonard fuck you , wait a minute . I be go to - SNAP ! the mimic pounce on he , catch he leg in its front mandible . a sicken crunch as the mimic 's mouth begin to work the leg like a grinder - blender . leonard get it ! get it off I ! Peter and manny try to pull the thing off as Leonard fall and writhes on the floor . bam ! bam ! bam ! the man flinch away as Leonard empty he gun on it , until the thing 's shell finally crack ! but the thing be still lock onto Leonard 's leg . Peter try to work it free from the creature 's jaw . no good . peter its muscle be lock . leonard ( hoarse ) oh , Jesus !! manny wait ... manny remove a can of shoe polish from he coat , then start smear the stuff onto the mimic 's head and jaw . leonard oh , Jesus ! it 's hit the bone man , get it off !! he light a cigarette lighter , go to touch the flame to the flammable stuff . peter ( stop he . ) hey hey hey ... manny be how we make loose the tick back home . Peter hesitates , but let he go . manny light the polish . whoosh ... the mimic 's head be engulf in a halo of flame . the legs loosen there grip . Peter and manny yank it free from Leonard , who 's passed out from the pain . his leg be tear and bloody . CUT to : int . subway repair car - later we now see the car be 50' vintage . a poster of mickey mantle above a empty worktable . Peter sit before Susan . she 's tremble , understandably shake from she previous experience . blood pour from a CUT on she forehead . Peter take a bit of tear cloth , put it to the wound , then tenderly raise she hand to keep the bandage in place . peter just keep hold it . can you do that for I ? ( no reponse . ) Susan ? Susan nod silently . her hand weakly press the compress . manny ( os ) Doctor Tyler ? he turn to manny , who sit solicitously next to Leonard . his wound be wrap with makeshift bandage . he begin to stir . Peter get up , but Susan 's hand be close tightly around he , like the jaw of the mimic . he kiss she gently , then slowly manage to release he hand . he walk to Leonard , inspect he wound . touches the sole of he foot . peter you feel anything ? leonard yeah , I feel like rip you fuck eye out ... peter Leonard , listen . I need to see if there 's any nerve damage before we carry you back . ( no response . ) look , I be try to help you here ... leonard oh , you help I here , all right , white boy . you and you goddam memo . you need to prove you point , uh ? peter I be sorry . but I do not think let you bleed to death be the best apology . Peter touch he foot again . Leonard finally nod . manny gaze at the mimic carcass at the end of the car . manny where the hell would that thing come from ? Peter look at Susan . she remain silent . peter ( quietly ) a mistake . leonard " mistake " ? what 's that suppose to ...? peter it do not matter , all right ? it 's dead . leonard how you know that ? shit , it be runnin ' around with its buttside go and a fuck pipe through its heart ... susan ( quietly ) it do not have a heart . Peter look up at she . susan just inner chamber ... manny but it look like a man . it ... I see it . susan no ... she get up , finally move . susan that 's what it want you to see . CUT to : outside car the subway car sit at the end of the platform , window dimly glow in the dark . the door open , and manny and Peter snatch the lower half and wing piece back into the car . inside car - a little later the lower half of the insect have be move into the car . Susan be reassembling it . peter so , you be say this be like that bug that -- that look like twig or leave or ... susan ( shake she head ) that 's camouflage ... Susan display the partly - char head . susan this be mimicry . they evolve to mimic they predator . a butterfly can look like the eye of a owl . a catterpillar can copy a snake ... Susan close the multiple mouth part into a self - contain bud shape , then push back the " face " mandible . susan this have evolve to mimic the most dangerous predator it 's ever have ... she hold it in she hand , like yorick 's skull . the mimic 's head obscenely mirror she own . she insert it into the shoulder cavity . she stand back . susan us. camera crane up and reveal that the thing now look like the overcoat man . susan mantid can mimic . we give the juda that code ... manny ( quote ) " ... and behold he will come that walk as a man , yet be not a man - ... " susan this , be we baby Peter . your and mine . be not you proud ? outside of the car - in the tunnel we see four shadow move fast , scuttling on the wall and ceiling ... ... head towards the car ... inside the car a subway map on the wall . Red , blue , and orange line branching through the borough like vein . susan all this ... they be like tunnel of a insect colony . once this thing hit a certain population density , they will have to move out , form new colony . the realization hit the other . susan we have to get help down here . burn the tunnel before ... she 's interrupt by a clicking from the tunnel ahead . it 's answer by clicking from the tunnel behind . leonard get the door ! a brief glimpse down the car show too many other door to close in time . peter be there a switch ? leonard third rail be dead . ( to manny and Susan . ) get I up . there must be a manual override in the booth . manny and Susan help Leonard up . susan ( whisper to Peter ) the light ! Peter turn off the flashlight . Susan and manny help Leonard to the car 's control booth . Peter look outside where the silhouette of a mimic move to the rear of the car . control booth Leonard open a box on the side - wall mark manual override . Inside , there be a large , hexagonal shape hole . leonard ( start look around ) where 's the damn crank ?! outside the mimic be only yard away . other shadow emerge from the distant dark . inside manny leave Leonard and Susan to look for the lever crank . he run to help Peter try and shut the door manually . but it 's useless . many of the door will not budge . peter ( hiss a whisper ) they be come ! outside the shadow get nearer , they clicking louder ... control booth Susan look under the dashboard , find a hexagonal shape rod . the lever crank . susan I get it ! Susan give it to Leonard . he jam the rod into the hexagonal shape hole . perfect fit . Leonard begin cranking the thing . but it 's rusty and slow ... susan hurry ! please ! throughout subway car the door begin to swing shut very slowly . outside - a mimic' Pov see the move door , start head for they . control booth Leonard can not crank fast enough . Susan join in , put she hand over Leonard 's . both spin the thing as fast as possible . subway car Peter and manny each pull on a door , try to speed up the close process . shadow be see approach , now very close . control booth Leonard and Susan put all they effort into turn the crank one more time ... leonard come on , you son-of - a ... subway car a soft click as the door shut in unison . silence . all four be stock still , like a submarine crew await the blast of depth charge . they eye dart to the window cake with soot , irradiate by the distant glow of one of the red flare . thuck ! something bump against the door . a machine - gun patter of footstep on the roof . the car shake . outside the dark platform be alive with phantom shape . inside screeech !! something sharp be draw along the car roof like a nail over a chalkboard . thump ! thump ! Impacts on the side ... a obscene symphony of sound as mimics lay siege to the car . peter a buzz of wing catch he attention . he turn . his face be reflect in a security window . crack ! the window splinter , destroy Peter 's reflection . above manny claw scratch the ceiling . it begin to dent . below susan and leonard large form clicking underneath , look for a way in . Susan stare at the floor , she eye follow the course of the click ... ... which lead to Leonard 's wounded , bloodstain leg . susan oh , god. ( look at Leonard . ) the blood ... klanggg ! a mimic leg pierce the ceiling above they ! Susan pull Leonard out of the way just in time as in the subway car klang ! klang ! more leg break through the ceiling ! susan and leonard emerge from the control booth , Leonard 's arm over Susan 's shoulder . susan his blood ! it 's drive they crazy ! we have to mask the odor ! peter how ?! but there 's not time enough to discuss possible solution . Leonard pull off he jacket . Susan begin wrapping it around he wound to mask it . manny help . Peter have upend one shelf , jam it against a break window as a barricade . despite they effort , the mimics be not throw off the scent . peter it 's no use ! they know we be in here ! susan they do not know anything Peter , they just sense . they be hardwire ! peter right . hardwire to eat anything that 's not like they ! the whole car be now shaking and buckle . susan exac ... she look over at the severe mimic corpse nearby . a realization ... susan ( to manny ) give I you razor . manny look at she blankly . Susan just take the blade . the whole car be now shaking and buckle . she run to the mimic 's carcass . for a moment , she hesitates . but the pandemonium leave she little choice . she slice into the mimic 's corpse with the razor ... peter what be you do ? ... stick she arm in all the way to the elbow ... ... and pull out two fat amber sac the size of softball . she slice they open . Orange goo leak out , its stench overpower . leonard ( cover he nose ) shit ! Peter look up as Susan slide one of the sacs over to he . susan rub it on the window ! peter what - susan just do it !! holding he breath , against the stench , he smear the crap on the window , the doorframe ... manny look to the roof , listen . and remarkably , the sound of the mimics start subsiding . Susan come over to Leonard , begin dabbing the goop on Leonard 's wound . Leonard make a face at the stink . leonard what be you put that crap on I for ? susan scent gland . insect use them to identify themselves to each other . she smear the floor area behind Leonard . the activity wind down gradually , and finally come almost to a halt . CUT to : subway car - later lean against the dirtied window , manny create a streak for every mimic he see . Peter , Leonard and Susan be hard at work . Leonard have create a small " model " of the station use pocket debris and the wall map . leonard ( o.s. ) okay . that 's we . manny 's lighter represent the subway car . leonard this track we be on ? go down into the repair area . ( make a " X " further down ) the elevator 's over here . lead up to the active tunnel . thump ! a oily , soft abdomen brushes lazily up against the glass . manny move away . peter can we get this car there ? leonard someone would have to go to the switchroom , pull the coupling lever , that will send we leave and to the elevator . susan but the power ... leonard Hell , I might be able to juice the whole area , if I can get to the power box . it 's just a couple of cable ... manny oh , how you gonna get there , Leonard ? hop ? peter ( to Leonard ) just talk I through it . I can go with manny . leonard it would take a minute or so . ( beat ) you will not last that long out there . susan Peter , you could not even fix we tv ! tense silence . he point at the gland on the floor . peter we will cover ourselves with this . they can mimic we - we goddam mimic they ! susan Peter - peter it work before ... susan ( a edge in she voice ) the scent will not last ... peter that 's why we should do it now . Susan know they have no other choice . later Susan be stuff Leonard 's old bloody bandage into the thorax of the dead mimic . she tie a flare to its center . leonard it 's just a regular old pump switch , okay ? right by the track signal board . manny be spread the mucus-like liquid of the gland - sac on himself and Peter as Leonard instruct they - leonard the light come up , you pull the switch . manny I pull . leonard you do not do that , we be on the wrong track . ( turn to Peter ) you ... the two man look into each other 's eye . leonard you gonna finally get to fuck around with the wire . think you can handle it ? peter depend . you get a memo ? Leonard 's hard feeling give way to a almost imperceptible smile . use a ballpoint pen , he draw a schematic on the back of Peter 's hand . leonard all right then . you gonna find two wire . one 's green . the other 's blue ... susan approach manny , who look distractedly out the window . manny he 's out there . I hear he . how can he be ? this thing ... susan manny ... manny I do not protect he , lady . he trust I . and I do not protect he ... his father ... I lose he father to the street and now , chuy ... susan we will find he . we will be back and find he . manny do not respond . ready to go Susan dab at Peter 's face with the last touch of the scent gland substance . she do not meet he eye as she speak . susan you be go to have to keep it really slow . they eye react to sudden movement . Peter barely nod , he nerve clearly on edge . he instinctively go to wipe he forehead . Susan stop he . susan do not touch it . and for godsake , try not to sweat . they can sense chemical change ... peter try not to sweat ? Leonard turn to Susan and Peter . leonard okay , people ... Leonard 's voice come through like a clarion . leonard ( os ) ... be we ready for this ? Susan have she hand on Peter 's chest ; Peter be take deep breath , try to cool down he body to prevent sweat . it 's a odd parody of lamaze exercise . leonard whatever you do , do not step on the third rail come back . six hundred volt will blow you leg right off . a final breath . he 's about as calm as he 's go to get . he look at Susan a long moment . he take she hand . peter I be just think how I could use a pair of plier ... and I remember where they be ... susan ( overlap ) that 's it . that 's it . breathe easy . a sad , nervous smile appear on Peter 's face . peter in the tool box under the kitchen counter ... Susan kiss he softly on the lip . manny approach . show time . Susan step away from Peter . she look toward the control booth . susan open it . leonard begin turn the lever crank slowly . subway door gradually begin to open , and stop half way . the darkness outside be alive with clicking . peter and manny slowly move between the open of the door and make they way to int . platform they step onto the dusty concrete . come to a stop . susan watch nervously for the reaction of the mimics outside large shadow pass far and near of Peter and manny ; but none of the mimics seem to care about they one way or the other . Peter and manny exchange look : a moment of relief . it 's work . Peter slowly move right along the track to the nearby power BOX . manny go leave , start to make a longer journey across the platform to the switch room . subway car Susan move away from the door , go over the mimic carcass , fill with the bloody bandage . platform - by the track Peter make he way to the edge of the platform , whisper to himself . he lower himself slowly to the track . platform - near the switchroom manny move toward the door . a large window of dusty glass reflect he image ... and the distant one of the mimics . by the track Peter get to the track . he turn and be meet face to face with a mimic ! its antennae move toward he head , curious . its human-mask face plate click apart and together . Peter remain stock still . he start breathe deeply ... subway car Leonard have now fully open the door . susan pull the tipcase of the flare tie to the dead mimic 's midsection . fsst ! the flare SPARKS alive . the sudden light draw the attention of several mimics outside . Susan push the carcass toward a open door at the front of the car ... ... and with a heave , throw it onto the front track . outside the other mimics take instant notice . by peter the mimic before he suddenly turn . in a flash of speed , it 's go , head toward the dead mimic stuff with the bloody rage , the thing send its fellow into a feed frenzy . the other mimics begin tearing into it , rip they brother to shred in cannibalistic orgy . subway car Susan watch in disgust . susan choke on it , motherfucker . Leonard turn the lever crank again . the door begin to shut . peter breathes a sigh of relief . he go to the powerbox , open it up . he shine he flashlight down on the back of he hand . the simple chart tell he what to wire : blue wire to the GREEN wire . peter ( to himself ) Green ... Blue ... he look back up at the powerbox . his face fall . all the wire be a gross brown , they color plastic casing have long ago fade into goo . int . switchroom manny enter . the space be even more dusty than the rest of the station . spiderweb strung over old machinery . White doric pillar support the ceiling like skeletal bone . 1940s style lamp be build into they side . manny look around . off to the right , right next to the rusted track switch board , he head for the coupling switch . once there , he rest and , through the murky window , he wave back to leonard . he pull out he pill box and take a pill . but he hand be shaking , under enormous tension . some of the pill scatter on the floor . he put the box away and lean against the wall . a clicking nearby catch he attention , echoing from the entrance of another room . it be not the sound of the mimics ; but rather , of metal . spoon . manny chuy ...? manny follow the sound . by the track Peter desperately try to connect the wire the right way . he wipe off the brown gunk , try to discern any semblance of color . he feel himself start to sweat . he try to relax . breathes ... int . room behind switchroom the space be larger than the switchroom . the wall and ceiling have a odd , shiny consistency . manny head in further , locate the lever and wait . something pale and small emerge from the dark , a few foot away , a face that seem to float in the eerie half - light . a rustling behind he . manny turn around . manny ( whisper ) nino ... he swing the light onto chuy , sit on the floor before the remain of a rusty column . that beautiful , emotionless smile on he pale face . manny chuy ... by the powerbox Peter have make all the necessary connection . he turn now to the fuse-section . a red throw -switch be there , and two big slot for fuse . one be still occupy . the other one empty . peter dammit ! cu - peter' forehead bead of sweat begin to form . subway car Susan watch the mimics at they feast . all of a sudden , they begin to stop , as if lose interest . susan ( horrify ) the scent 's fade ... Susan step back , look around desperately for a flashlight . leonard ( tense as hell ) what 's manny do ? I can not see he anymore . room behind switchroom manny nino , please ... manny slap he knee with both hand in a parental gesture of " come to I " . in the darkness , something that look like a palm frond float gracefully down from the ceiling , make see-saw gesture as it fall through the air . manny shine he flashlight on the floor . it 's not a palm frond . it 's a wing . manny turn he flashlight to the ceiling and wall . the place be cover with mimic . they be in the middle of a vicious mate ritual . the male tear savagely at the female wing as they proceed to mount they . a chaotic clusterfuck . manny be sicken . chuy giggle . manny shine he light ahead . manny 's face fall . manny dios mio ... the white pillar behind chuy be moving ... ...unfolding ... ... at last revealing ... a albino mimic ! another leap for evolution ... its form be different from the other mimics . sleeker , more supple , almost beautiful . and while its movement be still not completely human , there be a kind of unearthly grace to they that at the very least entrance we . the thing raise itself to full height , dwarf the tiny boy . it stand over he like a king over he court fool . chuy giggle happily . it 's all a game to he . the albino click in response -- a long , leisurely sound , as if try to communicate with the boy . chuy pull he spoon out and begin to play they , make a perfect imitation of the sound . manny start to tremble as the creature gaze upon he with huge , expressionless ' eye ' . he turn to chuy - manny ( barely audible ) chuy ... chuy ( whisper ) Friends . manny no , no , chuy , no ... chuy Friends . the albino click he jaw , move in toward manny . chuy play he spoons in perfect imitation . manny stand under a archway in a swirl of dust . he raise he arm , like a prophet . he let go of hsi razor and kneel . manny God have close he eye . this , he can not see ... his vacant eye , fill with tear , he pray quietly , a strange serenity invade he . the albino 's jaw open and charge . platform some mimics advance toward Peter 's direction . subway car Susan desperately wave a flashlight and bang the window , try to attract they attention . susan over here ! over here ! goddam you !! by the track Peter break the arm off one of he glass . he jam it at the empty fuse . it SPARKS . platform thump ! the electricity come on ... the lamp on the column burst into flame from the power surge . Fire illuminate the station like a Greek temple . by the track Peter climb up onto the track ... ... sweat stain he forehead ... Peter wipe it and remove the scent coating . the mimic clearly react , sense the chemical change , like bee reacting to honey . subway car susan ( to Leonard ) the door ! OPEN the fucking door ! leonard look at the now light control panel , try to decide which button to press . he begin to press each one in turn . peter hear the sound of spoon play . he turn to see chuy , stand by the outside of the switch room . the boy smile . a flashlight shine behind he . peter manny ... but the thing hold the flashlight be anything but human : the albino step into view , move eerily like a unstrung puppet . his claw and jaw be coat in blood . chuy joyfully announce the arrival like a little drummer boy . the mimic climb over the roof , move toward the rear of the - subway car - control booth Susan run in . slam she hand down on a button . fsst ! the subway car the door open . susan Peter !! Peter hesitates , take a step toward chuy . peter come on , kid ... chuy seek shelter behind the albino 's leg . peter ( horrify ) Jesus ! the albino charge toward he . susan run !! Peter !! Peter bolt for the car . the mimic jump and land subway car just as Peter squeeze through one of the door . bam ! thud ! the door dent . Glass crack . susan ( yelling to Leonard ) go !! Susan press the button . the door close again . leonard the kid ... peter the kid 's with they !! leonard what do you -? peter go !! just go !! control booth Leonard throw the dead man 's switch by the control board . subway car jolt into action . outside the train lurch forward . wheel spark and kick into gear . the mimic scramble and be - assemble quickly , ready to attack . the albino change position and charge towards the car . the moving car reach a " y " section . the car move to the track to the right . inside subway car Leonard 's eye go wide as he see leonard he do not do it ! susan what ? leonard manny never throw the coupling switch !! we be goin ' the wrong way !!! outside car it keep bear right . further away from they destination . ... towards a old storage yard in they path . idle car and repair equipment on the track . a crash seem inevitable . inside the car Leonard pull the brake but they do not work at all . from below the car we see the wheel spin freely , head for collision . inside the car Susan grab Leonard from the control booth . to Peter susan move back !!! they rush back against the opposite door . storage yard - subway car craaashh !! the car bash into a park section of train in a grin of tear metal ... ... flip off the track ... ... and onto its side ... the car skid to a stop . SPARKS fill the air . inside subway car all three be hurt . Leonard 's leg wound have reopen . Peter have badly damage he right arm . susan you all right ? Peter nod painfully . Susan to Leonard . leonard ( simply , be : he leg ) can not feel it . Peter and Susan sling Leonard 's arm over they shoulder . they raise he up . outside subway car they move unsteadily outside . susan which way ? leonard across both track !! peter shit . they head off over a concrete island in the direction of the correct track . further back the mimics and the albino move closer . peter and susan try to hurry , but it 's no use give Leonard 's condition . leonard ( quietly ) lemme go . Peter and Susan both disregard the order . susan we be no leave you ! leonard no way we can outrun them together . move it ! Leonard suddenly grab he police baton from he belt clip . he push the two away . leonard now !! go !! get the hell off my beat ! Leonard turn away from they . Peter go to get Leonard , but Susan stop he . this mta officer be stay put . leonard come on . come to poppa . reluctantly , the two begin down the tunnel . leonard take a stand by the third rail , baton in hand . int . subway tunnel - further down Peter and Susan run . susan there . a open cage elevator on a platform nearby . a sign overhead : authorized personnel only . they rush toward it . int . subway tunnel - " y " section Leonard stand like a guardian to the tunnel mouth . sound of the mimics approach . he glance at the third rail beside he , then down the track . leonard come here , you mealy - mouth ... the sound get louder . leonard multi-legged ... Leonard raise he baton in top mta form . leonard maggot-munchin ' motherfu ... thud ! several mimc slam onto Leonard ! Leonard go down , hitting they futilely with he baton . they begin to tear at he limb . Leonard roll ... ... kick he good leg out ... ... and connect with the third rail . a arc of electricity light up the darkness , consume Leonard and the mimics . int . by the cage elevator the crackle sound echoe through to Peter and Susan . Susan hit the elevator button again . susan I can not tell if it 's work ! Peter have unbarred the gate . susan look up , into the shaft . the elevator come down , but it 's take its own sweet time . susan oh , come on , come on ! peter jump in . Peter pull she into the shaft , close the security gate behind they . int . shaft a skeletal framework on each side . just enough for a handhold . Peter steady Susan as she climb in beside he . she balance on the narrow ledge . Peter slam the cage door shut , latching it . peter you go first . I will be right below you . susan you arm , you can not ... peter I can . we can do this ... he show she the first hand and foothold . Susan grab on . int . subway tunnel the albino amke its way forward , flanke by two mimics . it stop . turn toward the elevator . int . shaft Susan haul herself up the framework , handhold by handhold . Peter be right below she . she can see he arm be start to tremble dangerously with the effort . susan we be gonna make it ! Peter grind he tooth , try to make the next handhold . wham ! something hit the gate below they ! int . by the elevator gate the mimics be tear at the metal gate . the albino remain still , watch they work . peter and susan Susan 's arm and leg be shaking now . her breath start catch in she throat with the effort . peter do not hold you breath ! keep it go , even flow ! Susan try , but can not . she try to pull herself up to the next level . peter c'mon ... susan ah ... peter talk to I . susan Peter ... Susan pull herself up . susuan I be really glad I be not pregnant . reverse we look down past they as they climb . two of the mimics and the albino have get into the shaft ! the albino be so long it climb by brace its leg against opposite wall . susan and peter Susan be cry , barely any strength leave . Peter do he best to stay in control , but in truth be barely hang on himself . light hit they from the shaft above now , sound of people talking and a muffle p.a. announcement filter down . mimic rush upward on the shaft wall , higher , higher . int . elevator shaft Peter 's hand grab onto the grate of the gate on the next floor . kchunk ! be hear above they . Peter look up . now the elevator be come down . peter hang onto I . Peter pull Susan up till she can grab it too , both of they able to get a foothold on the ledge - peter hang on tight ! he begin to kick on the gate , try to tear it free . Susan look back down . susan be Pov - shaft the mimics rush up , closer , closer . the albino open its mandible . susan and peter both kick at the gate , it give , Peter pull Susan through to the int . subway track peter come on ! Peter and Susan stumble away . int . elevator shaft the albino see the elevator approach from above . it give a few click to its minion . the two other mimics race up the shaft ... ... toward the elevator ... ... and wedge themselves in on either side ! they be crushed instantly . but the elevator be stop just above the open gate . with just enough room for the albino to get through to int . subway track Susan and Peter run . there be light just up the tunnel . we hear voice . susan do not look back ! they go for it . at last , they make it to int . a platform Susan and Peter stumble forward . Light stream down from overhead . Susan turn . susan's Pov the albino spill out onto the track behind they . sleek , streamline , light glance beautifully off it . susan and peter turn back ... headlight hit they as we hear the roar of a subway train head at they from the other side of the platform ! susan no ... peter we can do it ! they run . albino run , faster than any other mimic . train the express train blows its horn , rushing forward . platform - commuter weary late - night commuter stand half - asleep on the track . a sleepy -ey little girl point , tug on she mother 's hand . little girl mommy , there 's people ... peter and susan peter ( adrenaline pump ) we-can-do-this !!! motorman the driver see the batter couple ... he reach for the brake ... susan and peter they reach the edge of the platform , the horn deafen as the train speed toward they . Peter push Susan up , leap - int . train - conductor we rush toward he horrify face . the albino directly ahead . the train , still fly , plows into it ... ... flatten , grind , pulverize ... ... until the windshield of the subway car be cover in white blood . the motoran lean on the brake , he eye screw shut in primal horror . the train squeal to a stop ... on the platform Susan and Peter collapse on the cement floor in each other arm . heaving and weep . int . grand central station - night commuter turn to stare as Peter and Susan move across the floor . both bruise and bloody , lean against each other , head for the exit . some derelict observe they with curiosity . a trio of mta cop start towards they . peter it will be fine ... it ... they be still down there . we will seal the whole system , go in with whatever it take ... but Peter 's voice evidence a lack of conviction now , he 's try to convince both Susan and himself of something he do not fully believe . peter it will be fine ... we nail they before , we will do it again ... he hurry to meet the mta cop . Susan look up . susan's Pov commuter move to and for , move up and down and in and out of the illuminate area of the station . in the crush of onlooker be one deadpan face - a mimic , hugging the shadow , wait for its moment ! we pan 180 degree to the other side of the platform - there , briefly glimpse be another , and another . we tilt down to the throng below . susan ( barely audible ) they have come up ... the electrify voice of the train announcer suddenly fade up , tell of departure and delay - we raise above Susan 's head - train announcer the 11:16 local to poughkeepsie , board now , track 32 - the 7:20 Connecticut local , make connection to South norwalk - down angle - culminate in a overhead view of the main terminal . the movement continue . but from here , the people be dot , they importanec no great than that of a colony of ant . fade out : los angele , JUNE -19-96