mini' first time written by Nick guthe close on : the face of minerva " mini " drogue , 18 , watch something . she look extremely bored by the television image flicker across she eye . she have a pretty face : large eye , and pouty mouth . her know look be incongruous with a face clearly still that of a girl . - mini ( v.o. ) I know what you be think . do not bullshit I , because I do ... you be - think , oh dear lord in heaven , please , I be begging you . I will gouge - out my eye with the straw in my drink right now . I will jam every last kernel of popcorn into my - mouth until I suffocate , just not another fuck teenage come - of - age story . we pull back to reveal she body , which be move out of that awkward stage between adolescence and womanhood . though tall and thin , she hip have not quite round . she 's wear a " fuct " T-shirt and jean short . mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) well , relax ... no prom night highjink , no nerd become popular and no Shakespeare set in high school ... I promise . close on : the tv screen . " when animal attack " be on . in a series of quick cut : a zoo keeper be maul by a elephant . a sport fisherman be attack on the deck of a boat by a shark he and he buddy think be dead . a pit bull clamp down on he owner 's arm . a alligator hunter stupidly put he head in the mouth of a just - capture alligator , only to have it chomp down on he skull . mini ( v.o. ) since it happen , everyone 's ask I how it all start . 2 . Mini 's face register no reaction to the gruesome image . we now see she be sit in the live room of a well - appoint Studio City hillside home . int . the live room - evening - a party . teenager of privilege and they uptight parent be milling around , dance and chat as a deejay spin tune . mini ( v.o. ) I suppose the obvious answer be my eighteenth birthday ... Mini dance with a few friend in a very short mini-skirt and halter top . she clearly understand how to the drive the boy crazy and this be not lose on she mother , diane , 42 , who stand off to the side , nursing a drink with some other hyper - aerobicized mother . mini ( v.o. ) see , I be bless with a terrific mom . not only be she a lush , but she also hate I . Diane be beautiful , but there be a essential hardness to she that come from a life spend trading on she look . the blouse and mini-skirt she wear be inappropriately revealing for the occasion of she daughter 's birthday . mini ( v.o. ) a few day before the party , I overhear she on the phone order I a male stripper . nothing say " I love you " like ten inch of man meat in you face . Diane and the other mother be talk about Mini 's dance . mini ( v.o. ) and know dear old mar , she will try and nail he after the party ... in my bed . Mini 's friend kayla , a little rounder , but also brash , come dance over . she 's sway she hip provocatively at Mini , almost challenging she . mike rudell , a tan and trim man of 55 , watch they display , clearly enjoy the way it 's jump -start he imagination . ( continued ) 3 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) that guy ? we neighbor Mike rudell , big shot tv producer and the guy my mom screw whenever the battery run out . kayla and Mini begin dance together in a very explicit way , clearly try to make the adult uncomfortable . mini yo , bee-ach ! kayla yo , birthday bee-ach ! mini be it on ? kayla oh , it 's on ! mini that 's my girl ! Mini grab kayla and dip she low . int . the kitchen - later . kayla instruct some caterer to start wheeling a giant birthday cake into the live room . the caterer look confuse , but kayla be insistent and the young man obey , start to wheel the cake down the long hall . int . the live room - continuous the cake emerge from the hallway . the caterer begin sing " happy birthday " , as Diane turn to see it and she eye flash rage . as Diane come storming over , we switch to slow motion . mini ( v.o. ) see , to understand I , you need to understand that life , in my opinion , be all about new experience . " first " be what I call they . as she stride across the room , the look of vitriolic rage on Diane 's face grow stronger with every step . ( continued ) 4 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) somewhere around fourteen , when I have my first ... rhyme with duck , I realize that the goal of life , any life , should be to cram as many " first " into it as possible . we switch back to real time . diane what the hell be you do ? I say wait until - ( look around ) she 's not even here , you moron ! a young caterer be face turn white . caterer but , but she friend say -- pop ! suddenly the lid to the cake fly off and from behind we see a nude mini rise out of it like venus on the half shell . mini surprise ! mini be Pov : a collection of reaction from the party goer : the mother be numb , the father pretend to be disturb , while copping look , and she friend be in stitches . some be even wave dollar bill . m mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) that be definitely a first , but more importantly , it be the first time I really understand my potential ... and that 's when it all start . Mini lean over and give she stunned mom a big hug . mini ( cont 'd ) ( do she best donna reed ) oh , Mom , this be the best birthday ever ! 5 . int . mini be bathroom - night Mini stand in a bathrobe with a towel around she head , have just take a shower . she remove the towel to reveal she 's just change she hair color to flaming red . mini ( v.o. ) that little stunt get I ground for a week , but it be worth it . CUT to : Mini blow drying she hair . mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) see , I just do not understand people who live they life as one big routine . CUT to : Mini evenly spread the base to she make -up . mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they be basically say " I be not worthy of a unique experience on this earth . " ... well , sorry , but I be . CUT to : Mini apply blush to she cheek . mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the law of first have serve I well , because it 's liberated I from the usual pathetic , repetitive concern of high school . CUT to : Mini apply eye liner . mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I simply do not care if I be popular , because if I do , then I would be constantly stress about whether my clothes be cool enough , or if Troy , the " gay but he do not know it yet " quarterback , be gonna call . 6 . int . the hallway of mini be high school - day Mini and kayla walk down the crowded hall attract lustful look from some of the more aggressive boy . they approach a group of football player . kayla ( whisper , worried ) oh , God , it 's Troy . mini just keep walk and do not look at he . T roy , a cocky , chisele , all - around nightmare , stick he tongue in he cheek , simulate a blow job . troy yo , kayla , I get some more of what you be look for Saturday night . mini ( v.o. ) ahh ... the joy of the american educational system . kayla put she head down , she face turn red , as Mini stop to address Troy and he posse . mini ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly brighten ) actually , Troy , I think you confuse she with that senile , toothless grandmother of yours . " oooh " and " aaah " erupt from the onlooker as Troy look concerned he ambush have backfire . troy yo , Mini , why do not you use that mouth for something useful and suck my dick ? more student start to gather , overhear they . mini actually , now that you mention it , I can not think of anything I would rather do than suck you dick . ( continued ) 7 . continued : Troy look around , surprised and emboldene by she declaration . troy well , it 's all for you , babe . Mini move closer , look he right in the eye . mini really ? troy ( dare she ) if you can fit it all in . the crowd have now swell to a few dozen , as everyone be rivete by the exchange . suddenly , Mini start unzipping he fly . troy ( cont 'd ) hey , what the ?! mini ( grab he belt buckle ) I be go to suck you dick , Troy , you say I could . Troy try to push she away , but she 's get a grip on he belt . everyone watch be almost speechless at first , but then giggle start to erupt . troy yo , this be not funny ! mini no , Troy , I want to suck you dick right now ! troy Jesus , Mini , come on , get off ! mini ( scream ) no , Troy ! you say I could , now come on ! she get down on she knee , struggle to get a hand in he pants . the crowd howl with approval , as they almost can not believe they eye . ( continued ) 8 . continued : ( 2 ) mini let 's see it ! come on , I want to suck you throbbing member right now ! Troy finally push she off , humiliate , and run down the hall as the mob laugh at he . kayla look at she gratefully and smile . CUT to : Mini apply frosty hot pink lipstick , make she lip as full as possible . diane ( o.s. ) Mini ? Mini look towards the door , decide to ignore she mother . diane ( o.s. ) ( scream ) mini ?! Mini turn towards the sound . mini what ?! Diane come storming in . diane when I call you , I expect you to answer . mini ( flatly ) sorry . diane do not patronize I . mini ( sugar sweet ) sorry ! diane if you be try to get I to call you a spoiled little ungrateful bitch , you be out of luck , because I will not give you the satisfaction . ( continued ) 9 . continued : mini thanks , mommy . Diane 's eye narrow , as it 's clear Mini know exactly where she mother 's button be . mini ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? diane I be go out and I need you to wait for the delivery from the liquor store . they will be here by nine . mini Fine . Diane give Mini the once over , linger on she mini-skirt . Diane wince at the outfit . diane just think you should know , that make you thigh look fat . mini ( deadpan ) gosh , you be right , mom , I be such a cow . mini ( v.o. ) it 's a freakin ' miracle I be not anorexic after eighteen year of she little pep talk . mini have fun , do not do anything I would not . Diane turn and leave . diane ( over she shoulder ) well , that do not leave much . mini ( under she breath ) cunt . Mini turn back to the mirror . 10 . int . mini be bedroom - night Mini pull on a pair of thigh -high stocking , as a light cigarette hang from m she mouth . mini ( v.o. ) my mother move out to LA from Ohio when she be twenty to become a actress . even though she be a total flatliner , somehow she manage to land a few bit part on soap ... without screwing anyone . int . a hallway of the house - later . Mini walk along the corridor in a pair of " fuck I " pump , as the doorbell be hear ringing . mini ( v.o. ) when she get really sauce , she will pop the tape in and make I watch , then I will threaten to call the suicide hotline . she continue through the live room towards the door , hike she mini skirt up a little . mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) after a few year , she get desperate and spread them for this fat , ugly producer when he promise to give she a role in some bullshit cable series that be basically softcore porn . she get knock up with I and he tell she she could not be on the show , unless she hoover I out . she reach the front the door . mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Excuse I for one sec . she open the door to reveal a delivery boy , jimmy 20' , with six case of liquor stack on a handcart . jimmy ( nervously excited ) hey , Mini , how you doin ' ? mini you be late . 11 . int . the kitchen - moment later . Mini watch as Jimmy carefully lift one case after another on to the counter . mini ( v.o. ) she be gonna do it , too , at least that what 's she tell I when she be feel particularly loving . but then she hear rumor the show be not gonna fly and realize eighteen year of child support beat thirteen week on " skin tight " , so I get to stick around . ... bad choice . Mini open one case , take out a bottle and head out of the kitchen . I nt. the wet bar - later . Mini mix herself a large sapphire martini . mini ( v.o. ) anyway , what Mom do not count on be the prick have a heart attack and croaking a year after I be bear . she pour it into a martini glass and drop a olive in . mini ( v.o. ) when she try to collect on he estate , she find out he would owed the government two point five in back tax . ext . a run down stucco apartment build in the valley - circa 1993 . Diane walk down the step to a wait porsche , with a sleazy looking , but clearly rich guy behind the wheel . ( continued ) 12 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) now , if she have be smart , she would have set she sight a little lower and go after a guy who would have worshipped the ground she walk on and would not care that she already have a kid ... CUT to : Diane get into the car . she turn to the driver and give he a flirty smile . it be now a different , but just as sleazy guy smile back at she . mini ( v.o. ) but not mom , she be gonna bag another elephant if it mean gobble every knob from Hollywood to the palisade . as the car pull away , we see a 8 year old mini watch from a upstairs window of the building . int . the same run down apartment - evening Mini sit watch tv as Diane walk in with yet another sleazy guy , he hand all over she . Diane look surprised and piss to see Mini still up . diane Jesus chr -- Mini , why be not you in bed ? Mini just stare at she , then shift she penetrate gaze to sleazy guy # 3 . he look unnerve by Mini . sleazy guy # 3 I think you say we would be -- diane do not worry , Larry , she 's go to bed , right now . be not you ? I nt. mini be tiny bedroom - night Mini lie awake as the sound of diane fucking sleazy guy # 3 's brain out waft through the thin wall . 13 . int . the kitchen of diane's apartment - early morning . Mini sit at the kitchen table eat cereal as the FOURTH sleazy guy emerge from Diane 's bedroom , he 's tucking he shirt in . he look a little startle to see she up . sleazy guy # 4 oh ... uh , hi , uh , tell you mom I , uh , have a good time . mini oh , I will ... like some coffee for the road ? the guy look at she a little surprised , then smile . sleazy guy # 4 sure ... thanks , kid . CUT to : Mini watch the porsche pull away from the curb . in she hand , she hold a bottle of maximum strength ex - lax . CUT to : sleazy guy # 4 drive down the freeway , drink coffee from a paper cup . suddenly , a look of absolute dread overcome he . int . diane's apartment - later . Diane emerge from she bedroom in she bathrobe , look dishevel . she glare at Mini , who sit at the kitchen table eat she cereal . diane do you want to live in this shit hole you whole life ? Mini just stare at she . diane then stay in you fuck room until they leave . get it ? Mini say nothing . suddenly , Diane pick up a SMALL piece of pottery from the coffee table and throw it at Mini 's head . Mini duck as it smashes behind she on the wall . 14 . CUT back to : 18 year old mini mixing her martini in the wet bar . mini ( v.o. ) so it pretty much go on like that until ... male voice ( o.s. ) Mini ? Diane ? I be home . mini ( v.o. ) five year ago , when she meet Martin . Mini start down the drink in a few big gulp . m mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be a win-win ... int . a HOTEL ballroom - night Mini , Diane and martin tannen , 45 , a trim executive in a armani suit and $ 300 haircut , mingle at a large corporate cocktail party . Martin , a man who understand , in he world , style over substance be a way of life , work the crowd effortlessly . mini ( v.o. ) he do not want kid , but need a ready - make family to help project a image of stability for he corporate outing ... we finally get out of reseda ... CUT to : Mini at the bar , steal the drink of a trophy wife who have turn she back on it , to make a point to she older husband . mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be great for about a year ... CUT to : later . Martin finish talk to a client and head out on the balcony to get some air , where he see Diane kissing a handsome young executive off to the side . Martin stiffen as he watch in slow motion she tongue slip into he mouth . mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) then he figure out what he have marry ... by then it be too late . 15 . int . the front door to the house - night Martin put he key and cell phone on a table near the door . mini ( breeze past he ) you be home early . mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) first time in three month he 's walk in before letterman . he totally forget my birthday party , and right now I be think he pin cushion must have give he the walk papers or ... find a new pin . martin yeah ...uh ... ( search ) a dinner with a client get cancel . mini ( v.o. ) bingo . mini tough day ? martin about the same ... they head back into the live room . mini protect all that poor defenseless oil company from that big bad environmentalist ? m artin someone 's get to make the payment on you beemer . mini ( v.o. ) he 's a partner at a public relation firm , which be ironic because I can not remember the last time he and my mom be see in public together ... or have relation . he plop down on the couch , take a electronic organizer out of he breast pocket . ( continued ) 16 . continued : martin be you mother around ? mini no , she go to a party off beachwood . she be in one of she " happy mood " , so I doubt she will be sleep here ... martin oh . mini ( innocently ) if you be think of invite a guest over . martin ( measure ) I be not , but thanks for the concern ... you be go out on a school night ? mini yeah ? Martin punch a few button on the organizer , he mind clearly elsewhere . martin mmm ... be you homework do ? mini have not even crack a book . martin ( not listen ) mmm ... int . mini be bathroom - moment later . Mini double check she purse for everything : lipstick , compact , altoid , a flask of liquor and a string of condom . mini ( v.o. ) consider how many guy my mom have do in he bed , you have get to admire he resolve . he could have leave she year ago , but with no pre - nup , he lose half and he just will not give in . 17 . ext . the front of the house - moment later . Mini walk out the front door , revealing a impressive front of the house with stone pillar and a brick circular drive . Martin 's mercede 500 sl coupe and Mini 's BMW Z3 convertible sit in the open garage . mini ( v.o. ) they arrangement actually keep everything very calm . Mini get into she BMW . ext . sunset boulevard - night the BMW drive down the street , weaving in and out of traffic . m mini ( v.o. ) as I say , the rule of first guide my life . once you have get into every club in town and have enough ivy League lawyer cum too fast , drastic measure be call for . ext . hollywood boulevard - night Mini walk past the neon cover shop window . mini ( v.o. ) I think it would be a goof if I put a photo ad in one of that 25 cent " outcall " massage newspaper they sell around town . but I just get a bunch of perv breathe heavy on my voice mail . so I go to a escort service , and when they find out I be 18 , they tell I they have two trick in the same hotel that night ... if I be up to it . she pass older prostitute solicit car that have slowed down for a peek . mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) would you look at they ? one of the prostitute give she a threaten look . ( continued ) 18 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's pathetic . I mean , she 's get to be , what ? at least twenty eight ?... in dog year . ( pause ) oh , wait , that would make she four . she arrive in front of the hollywood roosevelt HOTEL . int . a hallway of the HOTEL - night Mini walk down a hall and stop in front of a room and knock . she look around trepidatiously , as she wait for a answer . the door open and a middle aged man open the door . he 's very well groom in a creepy middle american way . he could be a serial killer or ... int . a HOTEL room - later . Mini pull she red top on and head for the door , as the man sheepishly follow she . mini ( v.o. ) my first night as a call girl be a serious let down . it turn out both guy be in town for the " promise keeper " convention . she reach the door . he open it and point to the room across from he . Mini walk across and knock . m mini ( v.o. ) the first one get so excited I do not even get a chance to get my panty off before he cream himself . a heavier man in a denim shirt open it . int . the other HOTEL room - later . the heavier man be on he knee , weep as he hug Mini around the waist . mini ( v.o. ) and the other say I look so much like he niece , he start whimper and praying for forgiveness . she roll she eye in frustration . 19 . ext . fountain avenue - night Mini drive home , suddenly a siren be hear and she see the flashing light of a cop car behind she . Mini pull over look piss . mini ( v.o. ) time to bat the eye lash ... the cop car pull up behind she and a female cop with a buzz CUT get out , approach the car . Mini look in she mirror , with a sly smile . the cop reach Mini 's door and look down at she , clearly attract to she . ext . a back alley off fountain - night the police cruiser be park with its light off . int . the car - continuous the female cop be lie on the seat with she leg spread , as Mini go down on she . the woman be clutching the steering wheel with she leave hand and the seat with she right , hang on for dear life as Mini rock she world . mini ( v.o. ) this ? be you kid ? my first woman and my first cop ?... it would have be perfect if she have not want to cuddle afterwards . int . the tannen's house - later . Mini unlock the door and walk in to find Diane pass out , face - up on the sofa in a loosely - tie bathrobe . at the sound of the door , Diane look up . diane ( slurring ) oh ... wha - what be you do here ? m ini stop and look at she mother , absorb she insightful question . Mini sigh and head for the bedroom . diane do you have fun , dear ? mini yeah , I turn two trick and go down on a dyke cop . ( continued ) 20 . continued : diane thass nice ... Mini head down the hallway . mini ( v.o. ) God , what 's get into she ? she be almost warm and fuzzy . int . mini' bedroom - moment later . Mini walk in and stop dead in she track . a greasy -haired naked man lie pass out on she bed . his body hair be thick and matte . his genitals be cover by she pillow , which he cradle like a teddy bear . Mini 's jaw tighten slowly . int . the lobby of the peninsula HOTEL - night Mini walk through the lobby past two businessmen sit at the bar , chat up two very attractive women in they mid twenty . mini ( v.o. ) after that night , thing really pick up . the men' eye instinctively follow Mini , as they date exchange a glance of annoyance . mini ( v.o. ) my one rule which the agency be not too happy about be , of course , only first , no repeat customer . ext . a office build in sherman oak - day this time Mini walk in , dress like a normal high school student , past a security guard . mini ( v.o. ) but believe I , they do not have too much trouble honore that request . int . a impressive corner office - continuous Mini be lead in by a secretary who present Mini to one of the peninsula businessmen sit behind a large oak desk . ( continued ) 21 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) I would make house call to office at lunch hour and we would say I be someone 's niece or cousin in town on vacation . the man stand up and greet she like she 's family , and then quickly shut the door . E xt . a house in the hill - night Mini arrive in she convertible and get out dress in a cheerleader uniform . mini ( v.o. ) and then when football season start , Saturday through Monday ... int . the entrance to the house - continuous a husky man in a football jersey open the door to find Mini wave she pom pom with a Texas size grin on she face . mini ( v.o. ) I be busier than domino 's . int / ext . a multi level parking garage - night Mini drive into the garage . mini ( v.o. ) then one Thursday night I get a a last minute gig at a fuck pad in westwood that some executive keep so " wifey " do not find the motel bill on the gold card statement . they say I be just he type ... young . int . the lobby of a modern apartment build - night Mini walk quickly through the lobby . mini ( v.o. ) they tell I he 's not big on the chit-chat and he love pay extra for the stuff we charge extra for . int . the hallway outside the apartment - moment later . Mini knock on the door . ( continued ) 22 . continued : male voice ( o.s. ) it 's open . int . the apartment - continuous the executive " convenience " apartment be cold , sterile and clearly just use for short amount of time . Mini open the door , pass the closet , the bathroom door and then stop suddenly as she see ... martin , she stepfather , sit up in bed . she quickly turn away before he see she face . martin hello ? mini ( v.o. ) can you fuck believe it ? Mini go back towards the front door , panic . she absently hang she jacket up in the closet , to buy some time . mini uh...hi , ( quickly adopt a southern accent ) sorry , I be mlate . artin do not worry about it . mini mind if I freshen up ? martin sure . Mini duck into the bathroom . int . the bathroom - continuous Mini shut the door , turn on the light and look at herself in the mirror . she 's almost white from the shock . she look down at the counter . mini ( v.o. ) my own dad ! my first think be " how sick be he ? " but then I start think ... I be one to talk , and ... well ... ( continued ) 23 . continued : Mini 's expression soften as she examine herself closer . mini ( v.o. ) why not ? I mean , he be not my real dad ... and talk about a first . the more I think about it ... a wick glint dance across she eye . mini ( v.o. ) ... the more turn on I get . then I think that if my mother could do some strange guy in my bed , I could do she strange guy in this bed . martin ( o.s. ) everything alright in there ? mini ( still in she southern accent ) just peachy . listen , sugar , would you mind turn the light off , I be kinda new to all this and a little shy . martin ( o.s. ) no , that 's fine , but can we get this show on the road ? mini sure can , in two shake of a lamb 's tail . int . the bedroom - continuous Martin turn the light off next to the bed . a little bit of light from the street sneak in around the edge of the blind . after a second , the door open and Mini come out in a bra and panty . Mini cross the room slowly and sit on the edge of the bed , let she hair fall over she face . Martin try to pull she hair away from she eye , but she turn away , playfully shaking she head " no " . she reach down and touch he through the sheet . he look up at she , clearly excited , but she keep she gaze down . he reach over to the nightstand and pick up he wallet . m ini what do you have in mind tonight ? ( continued ) 24 . continued : martin the deluxe . mini oh , so you want complete access ? martin ( voice quivering ) y...yes . mini you do know that 's extra ? he nod . mini just so we be clear ... now , close you eye . Martin furrow he brow , disappointed . mini come on . he obey . mini now just keep they shut for a while . Mini pull the sheet back , revealing he body to she . she start kissing he chest , inhale deeply . she look up at he expectant face , intoxicate with she power . her mouth start to move down he chest . Martin let out a small , almost self - conscious gasp . fade out : int . the room - later . it be still dark as Martin and Mini lie under the sheet , post coitus in the " spoon " position . Martin have a dreamy , satisfied look on he face . Mini smile to herself . mini ( v.o. ) I can not believe I pull that off . keeping my face hide actually be not that hard , and he pretty much let I do whatever I want . 25 . int . the bathroom - moment later . Mini be get dress . mini ( v.o. ) and you know what ?... he be damn good . I do not why Mom be throw the cat all over town , when she can have this every night . int . the bedroom - moment later . the room still dark , Mini emerge from the bathroom , dress . martin I ... ( search ) that be ... you be really good . mini ( southern accent ) thanks , sugar . martin I would like to see you again , but ...uh ... I never get you name ? even in the dark , he look a little embarrassed . Mini smile . mini Ginger . martin Ginger , I will not forget . int / ext . upper level of the building's parking garage - later . Mini walk to she car , giddy with excitement . m mini ( v.o. ) I literally could not feel the ground under my foot . a first to top all first . I know I would tell he one day , but I want to savor it for a while . she reach she car and look for she key in she purse . her eyebrow furrow as she have trouble find they . suddenly , she realize they be not there . she freeze . ( continued ) 26 . continued : martin ( o.s. ) Ginger ! you forget you ... startle , she head whip around to see Martin walk towards she , carry she jacket . he stop , the realization set in . martin ... jacket . second go by as Mini allow a pathologically triumphant smile to spread across she mouth . mini ( v.o. ) here 's to immediate gratification . Martin start to look nauseous , as Mini walk slowly over and give he a deep , wet kiss right on the mouth . mini ( whisper ) you be great . Martin just stare straight ahead , numb . after another moment he walk to the railing of the garage , stare down at the street below . martin be Pov : a few car rush by on the street below . it appear to be about a three or four story drop . he look back at Mini . he start to lift a leg over the railing . mini uh , that fall probably will not kill you , and consider what a caring nurturer you wife be , I do not think that 's a risk you can afford to take . Martin look down at the street for another moment . mini ( v.o. ) God , what a drama queen . do not let this little act fool you . he would never let mom get all he money . he glance back at she , look torture . ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 2 ) mini ( v.o. ) this be just he twisted public relation brain work overtime to figure what the appropriate response should be to fuck you stepdaughter ... ah ha ! contemplate suicide ! m artin back away from the railing . mini ( v.o. ) now that 's think outside the box . int . a all night coffee shop - later . Martin and Mini sit at a booth . Martin stir he coffee look shell shocked . Mini devour a plate of belgian waffle cover with whipped cream . mini ( v.o. ) we spend the next few hour just sit there . I do not think we say three word . I think he be try to find a way to justify the whole thing , but it be actually one of the sweetest night I ever spend with a guy . ext . ventura blvd - just before dawn . Mini drive home with the top down . mini ( v.o. ) he tell I it be a monumental mistake and that we should both never mention it again . I tell he that be fine . int . there kitchen - morning Mini sit at the table eat cereal . Martin enter , look a little guilty as they exchange a awkward glance . mini ( v.o. ) suddenly , he start come home every night and even start really ask I about my homework . martin Morning , kiddo , you finish that math problem ? ( continued ) 28 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) kiddo ? Mini look up at he , raise she eyebrow . martin I would be happy to help you with it , if you need . mini actually , I be think about start a 401 k plan at work , could you help I pick a good mutual fund ? Martin look down uncomfortably . int . the live room - night Martin watch television next to Diane , who 's pass out with a empty bottle of vodka sit on the coffee table . a bottle of prescription medication be open as well . Martin look over at Diane , poke she to make sure she 's truly blitze , check he watch and stand up . I nt. mini be bedroom - night Mini lie in bed under the cover , read . the door to she room open . she look at the clock . it read : 12:15 be . Martin enter . mini ( v.o. ) it take exactly one week . int . mini be bedroom - night the light be off , and the two of they be go at it under the cover . mini ( v.o. ) in the beginning , I be concerned this would violate my rule as he technically be a repeat customer , but then I realize this be my first affair , and with my stepfather no less . to be perfectly honest ... I love it . talk about electric , know at any moment she could walk in be better than any drug . it remind I of when I be young and bring guy home after school . 29 . int . mini be bathroom - night Mini and Martin be lock in a embrace behind a steam - over glass shower door . mini ( v.o. ) at first , we be very discreet , only do it when Joan Crawford be not home or be completely comatose . int . mini be bedroom - night Mini and Martin post coital , catch they breath , as they both stare at the ceiling . Martin look over at she and they share a conspiratorial smile . mini ( v.o. ) then we get bolder , do it before she would pass out . I think we be see exactly how far we could push the envelope . int . the live room - evening Mini and Martin poke they head out from the hallway that lead to Mini 's bedroom . Diane be watch tv with a martini glass in she hand . mini ( v.o. ) one night we do it before " entertainment tonight " end . dissolve to : they under the cover , but this time the light in she room be on . m mini ( v.o. ) we even almost get catch . diane ( o.s. ) Mini ? Mini and Martin stop at the sound of she voice , they look at each other , realize Diane 's right outside . mini ( startle ) yeah ? ( continued ) 30 . continued : suddenly , the door fly open , as Martin duck under the cover . Diane stand there with a drink in she hand and what appear to be cocaine residue under she nostril . she appear truly wire and incoherent , it 's unclear whether she 's even notice someone else in the bed . mini God , I have tell you a thousand time to knock . diane have you see Martin ? I think he be in he study a half hour ago . mini uh...ca not say that I have . diane well , I assume he 's go out , so I have invite ricardo over for a ... cocktail . you know how child make he uneasy , so I would appreciate if you and ... ( point to Martin under the sheet ) ... you friend could either stay in here or use the back door when he arrive . for a moment , Mini can not believe she mother appear to have no problem with there be a man in she bed . mini oh ...sure , no problem . Diane shut the door . mini okay , she 's go . Martin poke he head out of the cover . the two of they share a smile , not believe they luck . they start to laugh and then after a moment she kiss he deeply and they resume where they leave off . mini ( v.o. ) look back , that may have be the moment we fall in love . 31 . int . a women' clothing store in a shopping mall - day Mini try on a cocktail dress , as Martin look on , give he approval . mini ( v.o. ) we become inseparable . ext . the tannen be pool - day Mini sit at the pool side table , as Martin help she with she homework . m mini ( v.o. ) Mom think it be cute how we have suddenly grow so close , and think it be wonderful how Martin have take a interest in my education . from inside the house , Diane be see lighting a cigarette , look out at they and smile . close on her homework : Mini have draw a dirty cartoon which indicate how well endow he be . she jot down a arrow next to the word " actual size " . Martin blushes , averting he eye . ext . the outdoor patio at IL cielo restaurant - night the two of they sit at a romantic table in the candlelight , as a waiter refresh they wine . mini ( v.o. ) now that we be spend time together , I actually start to find out what Martin be like for the first time . Martin tell she something and they both crack up . mini ( v.o. ) he be not the drip I think he be . ext . venice beach - sunset the two walk hand in hand , stop to watch the drum rhythm circle fill with local percussionists and on looker move to the throbbing beat . ( continued ) 32 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) he be funny , charming , sweet and even a little shy . Mini jump into the circle , dance along with the other reveler . Martin be content to watch , until she run to the edge of the circle and pull he in . reluctantly , he begin to move with she and slowly start to enjoy himself . ext . ocean avenue - santa monica - early evening . Mini and Martin walk close together , but not the way couple do . mini ( v.o. ) be see in public be no sweat , as long as we do not act like a couple . ext . mulholland drive - night Martin 's mercede snake through a " 's " curve , as the light m of the city twinkle in the background . mini ( v.o. ) this go on for two month , before we have the talk we both know be come . the car pull off the road at one of the tourist overlook area with a view of the city . int . the mercede - continuous Martin pull up the parking break and turn to she . martin so ... mini so. martin I do not want to have to sneak around in my own house . mini well , I do not think tell she be such a hot idea . ( continued ) 33 . continued : martin I mean , I do not want to live under the same roof with she . close on : a few rain drop hitting the roof of the car . mini you can not leave , she will get half . Martin exhales , know she 's right . mini can I ask how the hell you marry she without a pre-nup ? her ? martin ( sighing ) she be not as bad a actress as you think . mini well , there be another option . the rain pick up , plink , plunking on the roof . martin there be ? her eye harden as she look out at the city . mini but it will take some plan ... and some resolve . Martin 's eye suddenly widen . martin wait , you do not mean - mini kill she ? she let the word linger , as the rain beat down steadily . mini no , of course not , she be my mother . martin good ... ( continued ) 34 . continued : mini but I have be think , if she suddenly get ill - martin Ill ? mini unstable , unpredictable , irrational ... dangerous to the safety of she husband ... she child ... she would have to be send someplace where they could give she the care she need . Martin search she eye , almost unsure he 's hear she right . her gaze be unwaver and after a few second he realize she 's serious . he can not help but let the hint of a grin cross he lip . m artin it would be for she own good . mini the only truly caring action we could take . martin as painful as it would be for I to be without my loving wife . mini you do it for the well be of you daughter . the selfless act of a devote parent . the sexual tension arise between they , as he start move closer to she lip . martin of course , we will have to make sure she episode be well document . she respond in kind , tilting she head . mini and corroborate by friend and people outside the family . martin a public complaint by a neighbor would not hurt . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) mini no , that would be useful . they lip be now almost touch . martin and we will find she a very comfortable place out in the country . mini with lot of fresh air . martin it will be a much better life for she . mini much . unable to stand it , they lip meet and they start to hungrily tear at each other 's clothes . ext . the car - continuous the car rock gently back and forth in the rain , as another car whizze by , spray fly up behind it as it disappear around a curve . int . mini be bedroom - morning Mini wake up with a look of pure joy , ready to face the world . mini ( v.o. ) I awoke the next morning , as excited as I could remember . unlike most first which be over too quickly , this would take determination ... ext . there backyard - moment later . Mini swim on she back in the pool , a light cigarette dangle between she lip . mini ( v.o. ) stamina ... int . there kitchen - morning Mini and Martin sit together , eat breakfast . ( continued ) 36 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) and imagination . Diane storm through the live room in the background , pass out of sight , behind the door frame . m mini ( v.o. ) I decide to start simply . diane goddamn it ! goddamn it ! goddamn it ! mini ( v.o. ) part one , violent mood swing - slash - uncontrollable rage . cushion from the live room couch fly past the door frame . diane Fucking shit ! where be they ? Mini stir she coffee innocently . Diane again can be see through the door , this time throw magazine and papers off the coffee table . diane I be gonna be late ! it take I three week to get a appointment with Anton ... mini ( v.o. ) Anton Michelle , masseuse to the star and report possessor of one of the biggest schlong in town . rumor have it , he 's pour the pork to every rich wife between malibu and pasadena . he must be incredible if Mary magdalene drag she ass out of bed this early . diane ... and now I be gonna miss it because I can not find my fuck car key ?! Martin and Mini exchange a smirk . she turn towards they , eye ablaze . diane I could use a little help in here ! Martin look up from he morning paper as cheerful as can be . ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) martin come , honey . int . the live room - continuous Mini and Martin walk in to see Diane on all four , look under one of the sofa . her panty be blatantly visible from under she mini-skirt . Mini and Martin exchange a smirk . martin Diane , sugar , do you remember where you put they when you come home last night ? diane yeah , in the fuck bowl by the fuck door where I always fuck put they ! mini well , uh , you be kinda out of it last night . diane no , I be not ! I have one drink with Marie , one ! martin uh , be you sure ? you do seem a bit tipsy . diane yes , I be sure , you dickless wonder . D iane start rummage through the drawer of a desk near the front door . mini ( under she breath ) now do not you listen to she , you be not a dickless wonder . Martin try not to let on how much he 's enjoy this . completely frustrated , Diane stop look and head for the " key " bowl by the door . diane Mini , I be take you car . Martin , take she to school . Diane grab a set of key . ( continued ) 38 . continued : martin Diane , I have a meeting with chapman , he 's we biggest client -- diane ( open the door ) tell he it 's a emergency . she slam the door behind she . Mini look at Martin with a sly grin then remove a cell phone from she pocket and dial a number . as she wait for a answer , she twirl diane's key ring around she finger . mini ( v.o. ) now , here come the really fun part . I realize a year ago that by lowering my voice a bit I could do a passable job imitate ... mini ( mimick Diane ) hello , Anton ? it 's Diane tannen , I know it 's late notice , but I be go to have to cancel we appointment . what ? no , of course , I realize I will still have to pay ... yes , something come up . int . the " office " of anton michelle - later . anton michelle , 30 , the very muscular " it boy " masseuse be furiously fuck jeanette lang , a similarly hyper - aerobicize wife , on he massage table . he 's bent she over the table and be take she from behind when , suddenly , the door fly open . they both look up to see ... diane with a stunne expression . diane Anton ? but ... jeanette ? jeanette uh...hi , Diane ? anton ( french accent ) but , Mrs. tannen , you call and cancel zee session thirty meenute ago ? D iane what ? no , I do not ! ( continued ) 39 . continued : anton yes , I speak to you myself , you say sometheeng come up . Diane look at jeanette , she eye narrowing . diane jeanette , you know I have a appointment today , do you pretend - jeanette ( flustered ) no , I , I ... Anton call I and tell I he have a cancellation . anton yes , I call she after you call I . jeanette nervously try to wrap the massage towel around herself . diane why , you sneaky little bitch ! suddenly , Diane lunge for jeanette , grab she by the hair and pull she off the table . jeannette shriek as Anton struggle to pull up he pants and pry they apart . int . the tannen's dine room - evening Diane sit at the table with she arm in a sling . Martin cut she meat for she , as Mini pour she some red wine . mini ( v.o. ) needless to say , word of the l'incidént de Anton spread quickly through the community . mini do you think she will press charge ? diane be you kid ? she should get twenty to life ! when I tell margo and penny about she little stunt , they both say they would have rip she eye out . she will be lucky if anyone speak to she again . Martin hold up a forkful of food . ( continued ) 40 . continued : martin here come the choo-choo . Diane grab the fork with she good hand . diane for god 's sake , I do not break both hand . mini jeez , I still can not believe you break you hand on she face ? it 's so Linda Hamilton . diane ( slugging some wine ) I hope she enjoy shitting out the tooth she swallow . int . the rosa angelica flower shop - continuous close on : the store 's owner , carlo , 50 , pick up the ringing phone . carlo R osa angelica , this be carlos . mini impersonating diane ( o.s. ) hello , carlos , it 's Diane tannen call . carlo ah , sí , senora tannen , como esta ? mini impersonating diane ( o.s. ) ( annoyed ) uh , carlos ... english , comprende ? carlo ( take aback ) okay . mini impersonating diane ( o.s. ) I be go to need a delivery to the house . ext . the tannen's house - day a " moonwalk " inflatable carnival ride be be inflate on the front lawn by a worker , as two jugglers warm up next to it , toss club between they . ( continued ) 41 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) phase two : wild shopping sprees carry out in a euphoric state . five delivery van from Rosa angelica be park outside as five delivery boy unload they cargo . it appear that they have bring the entire inventory of Rosa angelica . dozen of bouquet and arrangement line the driveway . Mini stand outside next to carlos , suck on a lollipop . mini gosh , look at all the pretty flower . carlo you mother say you be have a big party ! mini ( innocently ) I know , can you believe all this ? just then , Diane 's jaguar pull into the driveway . she look at the truck , she expression souring . she stop the car and fly out . diane carlos , what the hell be go on ? carlo senora tannen , the delivery you order yesterday for the party ? diane order , I do not order anything ?! who tell you to bring this here ? carlo ( flustered ) but , but , senora , you do , you call I , I talk to you . diane no , you do not ! carlo sí , you say you be have a party , do not you remember ? ( more ) ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 2 ) carlo ( cont 'd ) you be very excited , say you be go to have the most wonderful party and invite everyone you know and it have to be just perfect . perfect , that 's what you say . m ini Mom , be that what you be talk about yesterday ? diane what ?! mini well , it be after lunch and you have wash you pain killer down with some wine . you mumble something about a party before you take a nap . diane no , I do not ! mini ( wince ) Mom , you do . the doctor say no more mixing pain killer and alcohol . diane but , but ... I only sleep for -- mini ( to carlos ) I be so sorry . listen , we will pay , do not worry . Mini lead carlos back to he van , just Martin 's mercede pull up . Diane turn around to see he car and a look of dread strike she . diane oh , god . mini ( v.o. ) right on cue . let 's see how convincing he be . Martin get out of the car , surveying the damage . a look of pure indignant outrage overcome he and it 's impossible to tell this be a act . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 3 ) martin what be go on ?! carlos , what the fuck be all this flower do here ?! mini ( v.o. ) oooh , now I see why he make the big buck . carlo señor tannen , we -- diane uh , Martin , I , I ... martin Diane , do you order all this ?! mini Mom , go inside , just go , I will handle he . ( try to calm he ) it 's under control , dad . please , let 's not make a scene . montage : - Mini open the front door to find a delivery van from waterford crystal pull up . mini ( v.o. ) over the next few day , whenever Mom have pass out from too much drinky - drinky ... - the door open again as a furrier hold a full length mink coat stand before she with a big smile on he face . mini ( v.o. ) I would pull out she wallet ... -a salesman dangle the key to a ford mustang convertible which be park behind he in the driveway . m mini ( v.o. ) ... and reach out and touch someone . -a flatbed truck haul a 30 foot sailboat behind it pull up in front of the house . ( continued ) 44 . continued : ( 4 ) mini ( v.o. ) it 's really remarkable what you can order with a platinum card this day . int . the tannen's house - continuous a strung out Diane sit on the couch , smoking and nursing a vodka tonic . the doorbell ring and Diane react like a dog in a thunderstorm , a jolt of fear coursing through she body . mini ( v.o. ) talk about easy . after a week of my version of the home shopping network , the doorbell might as well have be a canon . Diane get up and walk unsteadily towards the front door . int . a CLASS room at mini be high school - day Mini and kayla sit in a history class , look dreamily at they teacher , warren bishop , 25 , a earnest young preppy in the middle of a lecture . mini ( v.o. ) at this point , dear old mummy be so spook , I be actually afraid she might stop drink . so I need a back up plan , to keep she ... off - balance . bishop as we see from a closer examination of the fact , abraham lincoln 's decision to ... Bishop 's voice fade out as he continue to speak . mini ( v.o. ) now , here 's someone I would like to make sit , roll over and then toss I he snausage . but today ... priority be priority . Mini raise she hand . mini Mr. Bishop , can I go to the little girl room ? ( continued ) 45 . continued : bishop of course , Mini . int . the hallway - continuous Mini walk down the empty corridor . int . the girl bathroom - moment later . the school nurse , helga hauptführer , 55 and very Aryan , enter the empty bathroom and walk into a stall . mini ( v.o. ) the school nurse , a regiment kraut lush name helga hauptführer , or " der führer " as she be affectionately know , start jonese for she afternoon nip ... I nt. the stall - continuous hauptführer sit down and take a bottle of vodka out of she nurse coat . mini ( v.o. ) ... exactly 45 minute after lunch each day . she take a long slug . int . the nurse's office - continuous Mini quickly pick the flimsy lock on the medicine cabinet with a paper clip . she quickly look through the bottle . mini ( v.o. ) which leave I free to help myself to the candy store . Mini find what she need and hold it up to read the label . close on : the label indicate " ritalin " and the dosage . Mini quickly close the cabinet , walk out and stuff the bottle in she pocket , just before hauptführer enter . ( continued ) 46 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) thank god for the quack who invent add and the lazy parent willing to let " Der führer " keep they kid comfortably numb on what basically amount to legalize speed . int . the tannen's kitchen - evening Mini stand at the counter , make she mom a margarita . she 's cut up all kind of tropical fruit and put they into a blender . mini ( v.o. ) my fear of mom give up the sauce be unfounded . actually , she start drink more . she then take a few tablet of ritalin and grind they up with they coffee grinder . she pour that into the blender and put the lid on . mini ( v.o. ) which give I the perfect opportunity to prescribe she a little pick - me-up . she turn on the blender . int . diane's dressing room - moment later . Diane 's get dress for a party , try to gracefully camouflage she cast with jewelry . diane ( annoyed ) Mini ! I ask you for that drink ten minute ago ! Mini walk in , carry the margarita . D iane put it on the counter . mini you be welcome . Diane take a pain killer and wash it down with the margarita . ( continued ) 47 . continued : diane mmm ... this be really good . what 's in it , sweetie ? mini ( v.o. ) the first time in my life she call I " sweetie " and I have just slip she the mother of all mickey . mini oh , this and that . int . a posh party in the hill - night the party be chock full of trophy wive and they decidedly less attractive husband . Diane be in a full blow booze and ritalin induce monologue , have cornere two women . diane my god , let I tell you , break my hand on that bitch 's face ... the two woman recoil . diane ... be the best thing that ever happen to I . mini ( v.o. ) phase three : rambling incoherent monologue in public . diane I feel fantastic , just fabulous . I mean , I feel like I could run a marathon like that Bruce jenner guy . he do that , right ? Boy , I will tell you before he have that face lift that make he look like a drag queen , I would have let he stick he javelin in I any day . suddenly , she ear unconsciously pick up the strand of a conversation go on behind they between two husband . husband # 1 so I look each and every juror in the eye - ( continued ) 48 . continued : diane ( spin around ) I want to talk to you about jury , will you come and talk to I about jury ? husband # 1 uh ... diane I would like to be on a jury and say " guilty ! " or " sidebar ! " what do you think go on in all the sequester situation ? do you think any of the juror have sex with each other ? I be once on a episode of Love Boat , play the role of " bikini girl " and my line be " I will have another , " it be with " Isaac " at the pool bar . I have to suck one of the associate producer off to get the line , but it get I my sag card , so I guess it be worth it . T he man shoot each other a uncomfortable glance . husband # 2 uh , I think I could use a refill . husband # 1 I too , ( to Diane ) please , excuse we . they head towards the bar and Diane follow . the two woman she turn away from shake they head at the spectacle . diane but , but we be talk about jury and Isaac and , and that drag queen I break my face on and .. the two man try to ignore she , but she keep follow they . she finally realize they be not stop . she grab the first man by the shoulder , piss . diane hey ! cockbreath ! ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 2 ) the party stop . everyone be stare at Diane as the music continue to play . she look around the room at the disapprove eye , panic set in . ext . the house of the party - later . Diane be lead away by Martin and Mini , as other partygoer watch the sad scene . they both struggle to keep Diane from stumbling . diane ( slurring ) ... and then I tell he that I have be a extra on hello Larry and Mike farrell have try to -- mini maclean stevenson . diane what ? mini maclean stevenson play " Larry . " diane right , that 's what I say ... and then mackenzie Phillips try to slip I the tongue ! int . the master bedroom - later . Diane lie pass out on the bed as Mini and Martin watch she sleep . martin listen , great job , but you need to give I more warning . I be at dinner with chapman , and it 's the second time I have have to be - schedule . mini I be sorry , but it be a golden opportunity . you always say you can not pay enough for good publicity . int . a hardware store - day Mini and Martin peruse the aisle . ( continued ) 50 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) at this point , with all that witness , Martin think we could get a shrink to have she send away . T hey stop in front of a wall of tool : hand axe , hammer and saw . Mini select a large hand axe . mini ( v.o. ) my feel be that until they be ready to weld the door to she padded cell shut ... CUT to : Mini pick out two black ski mask , two pair of black goggle and two black sweatsuit . mini ( v.o. ) ... there be more work to be do . int . the sherman oak galleria - day Diane walk through the mall aimlessly . she wear a wrinkle , mis-buttone pink blouse . her eye be hollow , she cheek sink . a few shopper throw she a concerned glance as they pass . mini ( v.o. ) final phase : complete psychotic breakdown . mini , disguise in a hat and sunglass , lean on the railing from the next level up , watch she mother . int . the food court of the mall - continuous Mini slide into a table next to two skatepunk . mini hey , boy . the two guy exchange a glance . cute girl like Mini clearly do not " hey , boy " they . mini wanna have a little fun ? int . the display window of a store - continuous Diane look at some clothes . ring ! her cell phone go off and she answer it . ( continued ) 51 . continued : diane hello ? male voice ( v.o. ) ( breathy , threaten ) Diane ? diane yes ? the breathe increase , get deeper and more menace . diane hello ?... what do you want ? male voice ( v.o. ) I can see you ? can you see I ? diane ( alarmed ) who be this ? male voice ( v.o. ) do you feel safe ? diane ( look around ) who be this ? male voice ( v.o. ) you do not answer the question . Mini and the two skatepunk giggle with glee at the terror they be inflict . she look around , scan the mall . nothing seem out of the ordinary . D iane this be not funny . I be hang up . male voice ( v.o. ) I would not do that . diane if this be some kind of joke ... male voice ( v.o. ) I assure you , I be no joke . May I say that pink blouse be very fetching . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) panicked , she head for a exit . a few shopper look at she with concern . male voice ( v.o. ) Diane , you car be the other way . ( menace ) now answer my question . do you feel safe ? a whimper escape from she throat as she look around . diane I be hang up . male voice ( v.o. ) ( very calm ) hang up and you be dead . diane ( fall apart ) why be you do this ? male voice ( v.o. ) can you see I ? she scan the crowd frantically , then start walk towards a victoria's secret store for help . male voice ( v.o. ) pick I out something sexy . diane leave I alone ! male voice ( v.o. ) ( very calm ) but I be so close to you ... she stop , freeze in fear . just then , the second skatepunk come up behind she , brush into she . she jerk away from he . diane ( screeching ) get away !!! every shopper within ear shot turn around , include two security guard . skatepunk # 2 take it easy , lady , what the hell 's you problem ? ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 3 ) the skatepunk walk away . mini and the first skatepunk watch with amusement from a upper level as a security guard move towards she . male voice ( v.o. ) peek a boo ... I be come for you ... but that guard can not help you . maybe you should make a run for that gold jag you drive home to mira loma Lane . diane ( whimper ) how do you know where I live ? male voice ( o.s. ) I know everything about you . diane no ! different male voice ( o.s. ) maam ? Diane spin around to find two security guard stand behind she . S ecurity guard # 1 I be go to have to ask you to leave the mall . we will walk you to you car . diane no ! I can not leave , he know where I live ! security guard # 1 maam , you be go to have to leave . diane do you hear I ?! he know where I live ! security guard # 1 who know ? she hand he the phone . ( continued ) 54 . continued : diane him ! the security guard put the phone to he ear . the beeping sound of a hang up be hear . he nod to he partner , as he remove a walkie talkie . security guard # 1 ( into walkie talkie ) yeah , this be Franklin , we have get a code 7 , get a ems unit over here . the two guard grab she . she drop the phone and start scratch at one guard 's face . the other pepper spray she , as she fall down , howling . diane what be you do ?! security guard # 1 sorry , maam , this be for you own protection . ring ! the phone be like a jolt of electricity through she body . Diane kick and punch at the guard . diane it 's he ! answer it ! answer it ! he say he be gonna kill I ! the guard finally tackle she , get handcuffs on . diane he , he know where I live ! the other shopper watch for a moment and lose interest , write she off as just another LA kook . mini watch from the upper level , quite satisfied . int . martin and diane's bedroom - later . Diane lie in bed , half awake , watch tv . a scotch and soda rest in she hand . mini ( v.o. ) after she performance at the mall , I be sure she would have qualified as " committable " . but that be not enough , I want she to beg the boy in the white coat to take she away . ( continued ) 55 . continued : Mini poke she head in the door of the room . m ini Mom , we be go to get some dinner . do you want we to bring you back something ? diane you be leave ? both of you ? mini ( o.s. ) for the last three day she have not leave the house . diane why do not we just order in ? mini Mom , we can not stay in here forever . do you want to come with we ? Diane consider the question by look at she face in the bed side mirror . it 's still puffy and blotchy from the pepper spray . mini Mom ? she look up at Mini . mini ( v.o. ) ah ... vanity , the most predictable of sin . diane I ...ca not . you two go . mini okay . ext . the backyard - later . it be dark and quiet , as the evening dew rise on the lawn . int . martin and diane's bedroom - later . Diane be almost asleep when the phone next to the bed ring , waking she up . she stare at it for a moment , try to decide if she should answer it . on the forth ring , she answer . ( continued ) 56 . continued : diane hello ? a dial tone ring in she ear . she hang up the phone . a second later it ring again . she wait two ring and then answer . again a dial tone . now a bit freak , Diane be fully awake and stare at the phone , wait ... plink ! something small hit the window across the room . startle , she turn she head towards it . diane's Pov : through the window , in the distance by the hedge a black clad figure be visible , wear a ski mask and goggle . in the figure 's right hand there be a gleam , sharp kitchen knife . she can not believe she eye . her Pov : the figure stand silently , bring the knife up , indicate that he 's go to cut she throat . eye wild with panic , Diane pick up the phone and dial 911 . D the phone dial and she wait . iane please , please , oh god . she look back out the window : the hooded figure walk out of the bush and head towards the house . recorded voice ( v.o. ) you have reach 911 , if this be a emergency , please remain on the line ... diane oh god , oh god ! Diane realize she do not have time to wait and run out of the room , leave the phone off the hook . int . the hallway - continuous Diane stumble down the hallway , almost trip on the step down to the live room . she go straight for the phone on the end table next to the couch . she pick it up . recorded voice ( v.o. ) please continue to hold , you call will be answer ... ( continued ) 57 . continued : she hang up the phone and look back at the hallway , but as she do , she see reflect in a wall mirror : another black clad figure outside the live room window , but this one hold a hand axe . she turn around to look out the window . the figure raise the axe slowly . diane no ...no ... help ! help ! she head towards the front door to scream for help , but the axe wield figure move swiftly towards the door , make it unsafe for she to even try . her face dissolves into utter despair , as she stumble out of the room . int . the family den - continuous Diane run in to check that the slide door be lock . she click the lock shut , just as the first figure with the knife appear in the door frame . diane oh , God ! help ! someone ! Diane be transfix by she own eye reflect in the lense of the goggle . diane ( softly ) no , please , no . she slowly back away from the door , as the figure try to open it . the door frame rattles on its track , as the figure D violently tug at the handle . iane help ! someone please , help I ! int . the live room - continuous she run back in , check the window . it 's clear . she decide to check the front door . she run over and look out the peep hole . peep hole Pov : it appear clear . she start to undo the lock and then slowly peek through the slit in the door , leave the chain on . through the slit : everything look good . ( continued ) 58 . continued : she open the door and look towards the front gate , which be open . she look as if she 's think of make a dash for the gate . just then , from behind the gate , step the axe wielding figure . it shake a finger " no " at she , as it walk towards the house . terrify , she slam the door , lock it behind she . she instinctively push she back against the door , hyper - ventilate . she look up at the ceiling , she eye fill with tear . diane please God , please God ... please ! she look around the room , search for option . suddenly , she eye bulge as she see the knife wielding figure stand not ten foot away in the door to the kitchen . Diane scream and run back down the hallway , towards the bedroom . the knife wield figure follow behind she . she look back , as it run after she , grab she by the shoulder . she shriek and struggle out of it 's grasp before run in the bathroom and slamm the door . int . the bathroom - continuous Diane throw she weight against the door , struggle to keep the intruder out . she look for anything to help she , and then see in the window to the bathroom ... the axe wielding figure stand silently , stare back at she . D iane collapse to the floor in a pool of tear . she look up again at the window : it 's empty . the push on the door suddenly stop , but Diane be so disturb , she do not notice through she sob . close on : a pair of black glove hand put the bedroom phone back on its cradle . mini ( v.o. ) we work finish ... int . doctor hoggly woggly's tyler TEXAS barbecue - later . Mini and Martin laugh and giggle at the enormous slab of beef put in front of they . mini ( v.o. ) we reward ourselves on a job well do ... 59 . int . the hallway of the tannen's house - later . Mini and Martin walk down the hallway towards the master bedroom . mini ( v.o. ) and we return home expect to find she blabber like a three year old . mini Mom , we be home ! martin Diane , honey , we bring you a pull pork plate ! they reach the door to the bathroom . it 's still close . Martin and Mini exchange a look , not believe that Diane could still be in there . martin honey ? you okay ?... honey ? mini Mom ? Martin try the door . Diane still appear to be lean against it . he push hard on the door , open it a few inch . Mini reach in and shove Diane over so they can can open the door . she appear drugge . they lay she flat and try to wake she up . martin Diane , it 's we , wake up . Mini slap she hard across the face . mini ( feign concern ) wake up , mommy . martin Mini . mini killjoy . Martin lightly tap Diane 's cheek . martin Diane , come on , come on . ( continued ) 60 . continued : Mini look up at the counter . a empty bottle of prescription sleeping pill lie open next to the sink . mini Martin ... h e look up and immediately see the bottle . mini I pick that prescription up three day ago . it be probably more than half full . the two of they look at each other , study each other 's reaction . second go by as both wait for the other to make the first move . mini ( eerily calm ) I suppose we should call a ambulance ? the suggestion hang in the air , as Martin feel Diane 's wrist again . martin her pulse be almost go . mini do you really think they can save she ? martin I ... I do not know . mini she will only try it again . you know she will . martin she will if we keep this torture up . Martin look down at Diane . martin ( suddenly with resolve ) this be wrong , call a ambulance . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) mini hold on , who be we to say she choice be wrong ? she put that pill in she mouth . martin mini-- mini do not " Mini " I , you have be bankrol my little project from day one . martin we both agree murder be out . mini I would hardly call it murder , if anything , we be just help to fulfill she last wish . martin she would not have take the pill if we have not - ( urgently ) Mini , for god sake , she still have a pulse . mini so do people in coma . it 's just a matter of time - martin Mini , we - mini look , you can drop the indignant outrage , because if you really care , you would have already grab the phone and dial 911 by now . she 's get he and he know it . mini ( soften ) can not we just admit how lucky we be ? it 's the perfect alibi , she put the drug in she system . martin what ? just leave she here ? ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 3 ) mini exactly . martin I do not know . mini can you think of one person she know who would say she 's sane at this point ? this be just the natural , sad and inevitable conclusion to a tragic life . m artin ponder the choice . mini we be this close from be free ... let 's just let nature take its course . int . the live room - later . Mini and Martin sit watch a game show call absolutely positive . mini and so we pass the time watch my favorite show . close on the tv : a young male game show host come out on stage to the applause of the audience . host welcome to " absolutely positive ! " the show where we give couple about to get marry a last chance to make sure they be ... he put a hand to he ear , encourage the studio audience . studio audience absolutely positive ! host that 's right ! we send they out on one last date with someone other than they fiance , so they can be sure they be really ready to make that lifelong commitment . ( continued ) 63 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) we neighbor , Mike rudell , the scumbag at my birthday , produce it and it 's so twisted , I be surprised I do not think of it . on the screen , the host introduce the couple , who nervously walk out to the studio applause . mini ( v.o. ) take happy couple about to marry and try to break they up . the catch be the couple be always send on date with people just a little better look than they fiancé . then the two date be bring out to sit on either side of the couple . both date be , indeed , slightly better look than the engage couple . int . the bathroom - later . Mini check Diane 's pulse . mini ( v.o. ) and we wait some more . int . the live room - later . Martin sit on the couch . he look up as Mini come in from the bathroom , shaking she head " no " , indicate she 's not I dead yet . not . the bathroom - later . Mini check Diane 's pulse again . mini ( v.o. ) typical mom , she manage to fuck up she last act of free will ... int . the live room - continuous the 11 o'clock news be start , as Mini impatiently look towards the hallway lead to the bathroom . mini ( v.o. ) finally , it be time to do the only humane thing . Mini stand up . ( continued ) 64 . continued : mini come on , let 's go . martin what ? mini it 's time to speed this up . martin speed this up ? mini we can not wait anymore , we alibi be only believable for maybe another hour . we can say that after dinner we go to a movie , but if she have not croak by midnight , you can forget about this . Martin look at she for a long moment , clearly realize the implication of " speed this up " . martin no , I be sorry , this be go somewhere I be not prepare to go . mini oh , but you be prepare to sit here until the pill do she in ? I hate to break it to you , but wherever you " be not prepare to go " ... the hypocrite express just roll into the station . Martin stare straight ahead , come to grip with the truth of he action . martin what be you suggest ? mini well , I think we would disembowel she and leave she for the raccoon . Martin recoil . mini kidding ... God , you have lose you sense of humor . do not worry , it will be painless . ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 2 ) Martin take a deep breath , consider he option . int . diane's walk in closet - moment later . Mini go through she mother 's clothes , as Diane lie crumpled in a heap on the floor . Martin look on impatiently . mini ( v.o. ) to be honest , I think we both know in we heart it would come to this . and as my first assist suicide , I be go to make it flawless . m artin come on , we do not have time . mini look , if we be go to screw up the detail we might as well call San quentin and tell they to fire up the dutch oven . ( off he confusion ) the gas chamber ? ( exasperate ) Martin , please , I can not explain everything . Mini hold a chic black chanel suit up to the full length mirror . CUT to : Mini apply make - up and lipstick to Diane 's face in front of she vanity mirror . Martin hold Diane 's head still . martin I do not think this be a good idea . mini have you lose you mind , " Mr. Public Relations " ? what 's the one thing all she friend be go to be talk about when they find out ? ( wait for he answer ) " how do she look " ? do you think anyone will think twice if the answer be " fabulous " ? 66 . int . the garage - continuous the door to the dark garage open and Mini turn on a light . Martin , carry Diane ( now dress in the suit ) over he shoulder , struggle through the doorway . int . diane's jaguar - moment later . Mini prop Diane up in the driver 's seat and begin touch up the make -up . she tie a silk scarf around Diane 's neck , ever so elegantly . satisfied , she turn the ignition key and lower all the power window in the car . she look up at Martin . mini well , if you have get anything to say to she , now would be the time . martin could you just pretend to have a little remorse ? int . the live room - continuous Mini and Martin walk through the door to the garage and close it behind they . the hum of the car engine can he hear through the wall . int . the garage - continuous Diane sit in the driver 's seat , as the exhaust pipe spew E fume into the seal garage . xt . the house - later . the garage door be open and Diane 's body be visible on the garage floor as Martin and Mini kneel beside she . the wail of a ambulance siren be hear as it pull up in front , cut the engine . Mini come run outside in tear . mini help we , please ! my mom , I think she 's dead ! int . the garage - moment later . two paramedics try to revive Diane , have laid she out on the floor of the garage . Mini sob hysterically , as Martin hug she . mini mommy , wake up ! ( continued ) 67 . continued : martin it 's okay , sweetheart , everything 's go to be okay . first paramedic Mr. tannen , I think you should take you daughter in the house . mini oh , please , do not let she die ! ext . the house - later . two police cruiser be park outside as Diane 's body , now wrap in a body bag , be be wheeled into the ambulance . a few " looky loos " be stand at the gate to the house , interested to see what 's happen . int . the live room - later . one of the paramedics fill out a report on a clipboard in the background , as Martin continue to comfort Mini . a man , 30 , with a slightly weary look , walk in the front door wear a off- the-rack grey suit and barber shop haircut . garson Mr. tannen ? Martin look up . martin yes ? man I be detective Bill garson , lapd . martin yes ? garson I be sorry to be here right now , but whenever there 's a apparent suicide we be require to do a investigation to rule out homicide . martin ( clearly surprised ) oh ...uh ... right . garson it 's really just a formality . ( continued ) 68 . continued : mini ( explode ) my mother just kill herself ! they have not even take she away yet ! what 's wrong with you ? m artin Mini , please ! he 's just do he job . mini tell he to leave ! this be outrageous ! martin ( to garson ) could we do this another time ? garson of course we -- martin thank you . Mini look at Martin , relieved . garson but I do need to ask just a few simple question before I go . mini do not you hear he ?! he say -- martin ( sharply ) Mini , it 's okay ... just go lie down for a moment . int . the garage - moment later . Martin stand in the garage with garson , go over what happen . martin so after dinner and the movie , we come home at around 11:30 and find she in the garage . I turn off the car and open the garage door to let out the exhaust . ( continued ) 69 . continued : garson what about try to revive you wife ? Martin seem a bit take aback by the question . martin of course , we do that too , but I could not feel a pulse . Mini take a course at school in cpr and try that , but ... ( take a breath ) it do not work . garson so you wife do this sometime between 8:00 and 11:33 when you place the 911 call ? martin yes . garson May I ask why you leave you wife alone when she have be act in such a unstable state ? martin we never think she would do anything like ... this . after the episode in the mall , Diane have not leave the house for three day and my daughter and I just need a break . it 's be a very stressful time . garson of course . so this be you wife 's car ? martin yes . garson be it in the garage when you leave for dinner or do she drive it in ? martin what ? garson be it in the garage when you leave ? ( continued ) 70 . continued : ( 2 ) martin ( a little flustered ) be , be that important ? G arson just try to reconstruct what happen . martin oh , well ... after she be bring home from the mall , the car be tow here and we put it in the garage . garson and no one drive it during that three day ? martin no , Mini and I have we own car . garson we be go to have to impound it for a few day to take it to the crime lab . martin crime lab ? oh , okay . garson again , purely routine . martin sure . garson have you find a note yet ? martin ( confuse ) I be sorry ? garson 's eye flicker for a split second . garson a suicide note ? the decease usually leave one . martin oh ...right , no ... not yet . but we have not really look . ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 3 ) garson mind if I take a look around ? Martin hesitates for just a split second . martin no ...of course not . int . mini' bedroom - moment later . Mini and Martin whisper together . mini who care if we do not leave a note ? just relax . martin but they say it 's -- mini so what ? he will do he little dance and chalk it up to another fail actress who realize after forty she might as well be dead . martin ( remember something ) oh , shit ! mini what ? martin the sweatsuit and goggle . mini I already snuck out the back and throw they in Mike rudell 's garbage can . martin ( exhaling ) good . mini angelpie , just relax , we do it , we be free . ext . the las hadas resort - manzanillo mexico - day Martin and Mini arrive in a shuttle bus in front of the lush resort . ( continued ) 72 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) after the funeral , I feel it would be good idea if we take a vacation and go somewhere where we could act like a real couple for the first time . int . there HOTEL room - later . m artin tip the bell hop on the way out and the moment the door close , Mini jump into he arm . mini ( v.o. ) Martin agree and let I pick the place . I choose Las hadas in Mexico , because that 's where Dudley Moore and bo derek do it in ten . ext . the beach - day Martin spread sun tan lotion on Mini 's back . mini ( v.o. ) I figure sugar daddy / young woman would be old news down there . a few other older man / younger woman couple lounge near they , mix among more traditional pairing . int . a outdoor tiki bar / dance floor - night mariachis play a sexy mexican ballad as Mini , wear a thin sundress , dance very close with Martin . mini ( v.o. ) I could feel that Martin have let the whole thing with the cop go . it have be two week since Mom 's death and it already feel like it happen a year ago . ext . the beach - night Mini lie on top of Martin on a lounge chair . they both stare up at the star . the gentle break of wave further add to the tranquility of the evening . mini you know , I have be think that I might enjoy work in you office this summer . ( continued ) 73 . continued : martin really ? sure , if you want . mini I want . she move to kiss he . male voice ( o.s. ) Martin , Mini ? be that you ? Martin and Mini look up to see mike rudell , they producer neighbor , peer at they in the dark . he have a arm wrap around the waist of a young blonde who be clearly playmate material . mini ( v.o. ) I swear I think Martin be go to wet himself . Mini quickly sit up , try to make it look like innocent father / daughter closeness . martin ( extremely tense ) oh ...hi , Mike , what , what be you do here ? R udell come over , clearly aware of how un - father / daughter they be lie . rudell last week Mini mention you two be come here for a little r&amp ; R , and I suddenly realize I have not take a vacation in god know when . Jennifer , this be my neighbor Martin tannen and he daughter , Mini . Martin barely look at Jennifer as he shake she hand . she look equally uncomfortable . mini I be sorry , but , Jennifer , have we meet ? you look so familiar . Jennifer look quite uneasy , as she force a smile . jennifer I do not think so . ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 2 ) mini ( v.o. ) and the icing be that Jennifer work for the same escort service that I do . now this be rich . mike I want you both to know how sorry I be for you loss . mini ( v.o. ) we loss ? he just lose six or seven freebies a year . mike if there 's anything I can do ... ( to Mini ) for either of you ... mini ( v.o. ) yikes , now that Mom 's out of the way , I guess I be fair game . mike ... do not hesitate to ask . remember I be just right across the fence . the meaning be not lose on Martin . martin ( measure ) thanks , Mike , we appreciate it . int . there HOTEL room - later . Martin pace back and forth as Mini sit on the bed . his neck muscle bulge with frustration . martin why do you tell he ?! mini I be just be friendly , I have no idea he would decide to come here . martin he know . he find the clothes and goggle and he fuck know ! mini I doubt he even know where he trash can be . ( more ) ( continued ) 75 . continued : mini ( cont 'd ) you be overreact . it 's just coincidence . martin yeah , well coincidence or not , he see we together . mini it be dark , I sit up before he see anything . m artin no , he know . it be like he be toy with we . mini just relax , what be he go to do ? go home and tell everyone we be a couple ? we will just laugh it off and tell everyone he vacation with hooker . Martin stop and look at she , surprised . mini oh , come on , could that little moment between you and Jennifer have be any more awkward ? his face turn a little red . mini I be not jealous or anything , I just think it 's funny . talk about six degree of penetration . Martin rub he temple , clearly overwhelm . martin you realize he could blackmail we ? if the police find out about we , that suicide would not look so routine . mini Martin , please , calm down . trust I , nothing be go to happen . her word do not appear to have calm he . 76 . ext . the pool - day Martin sit on a lounger , read a book and look very unhappy . from the pool , Mini emerge , soaking wet in a bikini . mini ( v.o. ) the next few day be a laugh riot . Martin look up from the book , look around suspiciously . suddenly , Mini appear behind he and give he a kiss on the mouth . he instinctively pull back . mini ( v.o. ) suddenly , Martin be act like he really be my father . just then , rudell and he bimbo enter the pool area , wave at they . Mini 's head be not close enough for the scene to look incriminate , but Martin be too spook to know the difference . int . the tannen's live room - night Mini and Martin sit watch tv . Mini flip channel , stop at absolutely , positive ! Martin snatch the remote and grumpily change m channel . Mini look very annoyed . mini ( v.o. ) we return home and thing do not get much better . montage : Mini try on various sexy outfit in front of she mirror : - Catholic School girl . mini ( v.o. ) what little sex we be have be get dull . - cheerleader . mini ( v.o. ) quite frankly , with my little project successfully complete ... - naughty nurse . ( continued ) 77 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) I be bored . I become concerned that in my world of first I have achieve my great first ... - french maid . mini ( v.o. ) ... at too young a age . - Marilyn Monroe in the sequine dress she sing to JFK in . mini ( sing breathily ) " happy birthday , Mr. President " mini ( v.o . ) as for school , well , I be just in no state to return to my study after the trauma of my mother 's death . the door bell ring . Mini look towards the hallway . ext . the front door to the house - moment later . Mini answer it , have remove she Marilyn wig , but still in the sequine dress . detective garson stand at the door , look she up and down . Mini hide she surprise well . mini ( v.o. ) uh oh . mini yes ? garson minerva tannen , detective garson , I do not know if you remember I ? mini drogue , my last name be drogue . and " yes " , I remember you , you be the big heart lug who want you question answer while my mother be still warm . garson ( ignore she dig ) so , Mr. tannen be you stepfather ? ( continued ) 78 . continued : mini Nice work , mcgruff . garson again , I be sorry about that night , but it be policy that we get the preliminary fact as soon as possible . mini what do you want ? garson I need to ask you a few more question about you mother 's death . m ini sure , come on in . int . there live room - continuous Mini lead he in . mini ( v.o. ) I know , it 's stupid as hell to talk to a cop without a lawyer , but I do not want to look jumpy and my first real interrogation ? I could feel something tingle deep inside . Mini and garson take a seat . Mini light a cigarette . garson look over she outfit again . garson it 's a little early for the prom , be not it ? mini a girl can dream , can not she ? garson perfectly legal . so , anyway , we get the preliminary coroner 's report . although the pill knock she out , she die of the carbon monoxide poisoning from the exhaust . mini be it that important ? ( continued ) 79 . continued : garson well , it 's just a little unusual for a suicide victim to use two method . her choice seem , I do not know how to put it ... improvisational . mini well , maybe she want to drift off before the fume get she ? she clearly put some think into that outfit . garson clearly ... but die from carbon monoxide poisoning be actually pretty painless , you just basically pass out . mini I doubt she would have have a intimate knowledge of how car fume feel when you choke on they . garson I suppose you be right ... also we check the phone record and there be a 911 call place at 8:12 . it be a hang up and when the 911 dispatcher call back a few minute later , there be no answer . mini really ? garson any idea why she would call 911 ? mini ( v.o. ) okie fine , this may be the most exciting thing I have do in a while , but even I know when the rush be not worth the risk . mini look , I think you should come back when my father 's around . he will be upset I let a stranger in the house . G arson I think you be safe with I . ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) mini even so , he will not be happy . garson not a problem , will he be home tonight ? int . martin' office - day Martin be on the phone . martin and you let he in ?! ext . the pool - continuous Mini lounge in a bikini , talk on the cordless phone , while suck on a red popsicle . mini I play it cool , it would have look worse to be defensive . Mini look across the yard to see ... mike rudell look down at she from the upstairs balcony of he home . he 's dress in a plush terry cloth robe and be smoking a pipe , which he raise in greeting . his eye be lock on hers . martin ( v.o. ) well , when 's he come over ? mini tonight ? martin ( v.o. ) tonight !? I have get a dinner with chapman . I have already cancel -- ( frustrated ) damn it ! why do not you call I ?! rudell allow the fold of he robe to open in the breeze , revealing he chest and pair of silk boxer . he 's in good shape for a man he age . mini ( annoyed ) hey , I do not know you have plan ! Mini respond to rudell 's challenge , lowering a strap on she bikini top . ( continued ) 81 . continued : martin ( v.o. ) listen , I will be home early so we can get the story straight . mini okay . Mini hang up the phone , remove the popsicle slowly from she mouth . int . the live room - evening Martin and Mini sit across from garson . Martin appear cool and relaxed , a scotch in he hand . garson I really appreciate you take the time to help we out . there 's just a few loose end we want to tie up . martin absolutely . what would you like to know ? garson open he briefcase and remove a report . he start G leaf through papers . arson there appear to be some question as to the time of death . you say you go to dinner and a movie - martin detective , not to be overly sensitive , but do I need my lawyer here ? because this sound like the question one ask when there 's a homicide investigation . garson Mr. tannen , I would really like to just finish this up , I have get real homicide that need attention . how about if I just ask you some question and the one 's you do not want to answer , we will just skip ? mini that sound good , do not it , dad ? I mean , let 's just get this over with . ( continued ) 82 . continued : Martin look at Mini , try hard not to allow he anger to escape for a second . martin Fair enough . garson terrific ...now , the preliminary blood report indicate she have ritalin in she system . Mini 's eye shift between garson and he note pad . martin I be not aware my wife be take ritalin . garson neither be she physician , he have never prescribe it . martin well , as you may have discover by now , my wife have substance abuse problem , I be sure there be many drug she take without a prescription . garson I know , but it 's a odd drug to be take . it 's mostly give to adult and child with attention deficit disorder to calm they . but in people who do not need it , it have the reverse effect , make they incredibly hyper and agitate . martin again , detective , I really can not say why she be take this drug . garson Fair enough ... Mr. tannen , be you and you wife close ? martin no ...we lead , for the most part , separate life . we have decide to stay together for Mini . ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 2 ) mini ( v.o. ) o oh ... sacrifice personal happiness for the benefit of the child . excellent . garson I see ... martin listen , detective garson , I must admit I do not see the relevance of this question . Diane be a extremely disturb person . have not you interview enough people who see she at she worst ? garson yes , but what I be still unclear about be she time of death . martin well , that make two of we ... again , detective , we be out for the whole evening . garson ( look at he note ) after dinner you see a movie that night ? martin that 's right . mini ( v.o. ) start time 9 o'clock . garson what do you see ? martin that new Jackie Chan movie where the terrorist try to blow up mount rushmore . mini ( v.o. ) running time 115 minute . garson ahh ... my buddy tell I the end be crazy . ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 3 ) mini ( v.o. ) for god sake , do he think we would not actually see it ? martin yeah , he slide down Washington 's nose with the bomb strapped to he . mini dad ... do not give it away , he have not see it yet . Martin turn to Mini , give she a fatherly smile . martin another demerit ... Mini roll she eye at garson . garson that 's okay ... where do you see it ? martin the galleria . mini ( v.o. ) drive time 17 minute . garson and you get home at ? mini ( v.o. ) precisely ... martin 11:30 . mini ( v.o. ) with 12 minute of preview . you do not think we would forget the preview ? martin now , if there be not any more question , it be a school night . garson no , that about wrap it up for now . ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 4 ) martin for now ? detective we be try very hard to put we life back together , but every time you come by , it just dredge everything back up . we have tell you everything we know . G arson I wish I could be more definitive . martin well , I be tell you the next time you have a question , it have better be because you be charge we - garson we ? Martin momentarily freeze . martin I be just ask you to please let we deal with we grief and get on with we life . garson ( stand ) thanks again for you time . ext . the pool - later . Mini sit in a chair as Martin pace . martin what the hell be I think , let you talk I into this ? mini it 's probably just routine stuff . martin that be not routine , my dear . mini Nice use of the word " we " , by the way . martin sorry , it just slip out . ( continued ) 86 . continued : mini if I have a nickel for every time I hear that - martin ( sharply ) okay . mini look , just chill , I be sure this will blow over in a few day . martin chill ?! believe I , we will be chill in a pine box if he figure everything out . you do understand they could go for the death penalty ? mini he 's probably just try to spook we . martin hello ?! they do not try and spook you unless they think you do it ! mini it be a great plan , no one can prove we stick that sleep pill in she mouth , because we do not . martin ( seethe ) well , if it be such a great plan , why be I cancelling business dinner to accommodate a detective who appear convinced it be not a suicide ? Mini glare at he and then stand up , head inside . mini I will see you later . martin where be you go ? mini out . 87 . int . a dance club in eagle rock - night the club be pack with young latino clubhopper gyrate to the pulsate beat . Mini , in a tight crimson dress , have attract quite a crowd , as she dance very provocatively with a muscular young latino . m mini ( v.o. ) would he follow ? his face and shoulder glisten with sweat , as she lift one leg around he waist and then the other . as she straddle he , they hip rock together , she put she arm around he neck and lean all the way back , she hair hang down in ecstasy . as she pull herself back up , she eye scan the room . martin stand in the back , watch she , he eye sullen . mini ( v.o. ) be there any question ? Mini 's eye move quickly enough past he that it 's ambiguous to he whether she spot he or not . Martin watch as Mini lean in and in slow motion give she partner a deep , long kiss . martin look ill . ext . the tannen's house - dawn Mini 's car pull into the driveway . she get out , look rumple . int . the kitchen - moment later . Mini walk in to find Martin , sit at the table in a bathrobe . he 's read the paper , with a cup of coffee . Mini open the fridge and remove a carton of orange juice , take a big slug . martin a phone call would have be appreciate at some point . I be worried . mini ( v.o. ) worried that refugee from a j.lo video ride I `til the tire fall off ? ( continued ) 88 . continued : mini uh ... Martin , I be not sure you be aware , but at this point you can not be my dad and my lover . where I go and how late I stay out be my business . martin I be not say that as a dad . ( very sincere ) before you mother and I ... grow apart , I would worry if she be out late . mini well , that 's sweet , but I be not she and I can assure you I will not end up pass out in some greaseball 's fuck pad with my panty around my ankle ... ( cold , smooth ) u nless I choose to . martin what the hell 's get into you ? I just express concern for you and you turn around and threaten I ? Mini , in a relationship , it 's okay to worry about someone else . mini ( v.o. ) I kind of have to admire this . he really be one of the world 's premiere bullshit artist . martin have not you ever be in a relationship ? the question hang in the air . Mini look down , almost ashamed . martin my god , you have not . she try to hold back the tear as she look up . mini congratulation ... ( sniffle ) you be my first . ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 2 ) he come over and give she a very sweet hug . martin oh , angel . mini ( v.o. ) and I would like to thank the academy and god and , oh yeah , " free tibet " . int . a elevator - morning Martin ride up in the elevator with other office worker . his eye look tired from stay up all night . mini ( v.o. ) Fake tear aside ... he actually be my first relationship . which , in itself , be significant , because I have always feel that by live my life by the rule of first , I would never be able to find someone who could accept I on that term . int . martin' office - morning he stride off the elevator send " hellos " and nod to he employee , as he pass the large corporate logo : " boyd , mather , tannen &amp ; associate " . mini ( v.o. ) and I be willing to give he the chance to be that person ... he reach he desk , where he young secretary , lois , be wait with a envelope . mini ( v.o. ) ... if he could just hold it together . martin Morning , lois . lois Mr. tannen , this just arrive for you . she hand he a manila envelope mark " martin tannen - via messenger " . he take it from she and walk into he office , sit down . he open the package to find a 8x10 glossy photo of : ( continued ) 90 . continued : mini sitting with he at the pool in mexico . the caption read : " thank heaven for little girl " . mini ( v.o. ) that 's when thing start to get interesting . Martin look up , the empty look in he eye revealing a terrify mind already calculate the potential outcome . he examine the envelope . there be a speedway courier sticker , but no return address . int . martin be car - later . Martin angrily honk he horn in slow traffic as he talk on he cell . martin lois , I need you to re-schedule the chapman meeting ... ( listen ) I know ... tell he ... tell he it 's a unavoidable emergency . int . speedway courier - day Martin stand at the front desk , talk to a clerk . martin what do you mean you do not keep record on who you sender be ? clerk when it 's pay cash , we only keep record on package , not envelope . ext . the speedway branch - continuous Martin walk outside , frustrated . his cell go off and he answer it . martin yeah ? lois ( o.s. ) Mr. tannen , I just speak to Mr. chapman ... he tell I to tell you that he 's go to be seek a new firm to handle he company 's need . Martin 's jaw tighten . ( continued ) 91 . continued : martin thank you , lois . Martin hang up the phone , as he look up , he see across the street a large sign on a modern office building : rudell worldwide entertainment . Martin close he eye , try to remain in control . int . a conference room at martin' firm - later . Martin walk into the office to find he partner , steve boyd and charle mather wait for he . Martin look surprised and concerned . martin Steve ? Charlie ? what , what be you do in town ? why do not you tell I you be come -- m ather we just hear about chapman ... not that it matter . boyd we can not afford to lose any more client . the color drain from Martin 's face . martin Jesus , guy , my wife just commit suicide ... mather no one 's say this be not a difficult time for you , but whatever 's be distracting you start long before that . boyd there 's just no way to sugarcoat this ... you be a liability we can not afford anymore ... Martin sit very still , he world crumble around he . martin Fifteen year ... we have be -- ( continued ) 92 . continued : mather ( curtly ) we will be ask all we client who they would prefer to stay with , and of course , you will have a equal shot to make you case with they . Martin continue to stare off into space , reeling . int . martin be car - later . Martin sit in the traffic on beverly Glen . the vein in he neck be start to bulge as he stare straight ahead . suddenly , he start pound on the steering wheel . martin Fucking shit ! Fucking shit ! Fucking shit ! just then , he look over to the next car . a three year old girl in the back seat hold up she " po " teletubby doll to show he . close on : a upstair window of mike rudell' house - night . through a binocular's viewfinder : rudell be see through the window talk on the phone , unaware he 's be watch . martin ( o.s. ) look at that smug prick ... he 's fuck with I and I will not be fuck with . int . the kitchen of the tannen's house - continuous Martin and Mini stand in the dark kitchen , as Martin peer out the window through binocular at rudell across the yard . mini what be you gonna do ? Martin go to a drawer and remove the large knife they buy at Williams sonoma . m artin I be gonna go over there and tell he to back off or he 's gonna get hurt . ( continued ) 93 . continued : mini be you crazy ? we be not even positive it 's he ! martin my god , the picture be drop off at a messenger service right across the street from he office ! he be the only person at the resort who know who we be ! mini he could go to the cop and tell they you threaten he , then they would really start investigate we . it 's just one photo and you can not even really tell if it 's I . martin that son of bitch just cost I the firm I work fifteen year to build . mini well , if you start wave that thing around , he 's gonna cost you a lot more than that . int . there bedroom - later . Mini lie awake , look annoyed as Martin keep turn and shifting in bed . mini ( v.o. ) Martin do not sleep at all that night and make damn well sure I do not either . ext . the front door of mike rudell' house - morning Mini walk up the long driveway . mini ( v.o. ) with mommy dearest out of the way , I decide to take the matter of rudell into my own hand . I know Martin would not approve , but at this point ... action have to be take . she arrive at the front door and ring the bell . ( continued ) 94 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) I would catch he off guard , disorient he and then kill he ... the door open and rudell stand before she in the same plush bathrobe . mini ( v.o. ) ... with kindness . mini hi , Mr. rudell , I be sorry to bother you . rudell not at all , as I say down in Mexico ... ( slightly lascivious ) anything for a neighbor . mini May I come in ? int . rudell' impressive live room - continuous eighteen foot ceiling frame the room , garishly decorate with very modern , modular furniture . rudell lead Mini in . m ini wow , I have not be here since you redecorate . rudell it be just finish . I be sorry you mother never get to see it complete . mini I know she would approve . rudell if you do not mind I ask , ...how be you do ? mini it 's be hard , but I guess I have just be tell myself that she 's probably much happier where she be now . rudell you be absolutely - ( continued ) 95 . continued : mini positive !? Mini giggle , almost embarrassed . rudell ( chuckle ) well , that too , but " correct " be the word I be think of . do you like the show ? mini oh , god , it 's my favorite . I love how you never know if the couple will decide to stay together . rudell I could arrange for you to go to the set one day if you would like , or even be a contestant ? mini a contestant ? really ? rudell sure , that date be really quite harmless . you just spend a evening with the person . we prep you on what to say before the show . mini it sound like fun . rudell let he eye take a walk all over she . Mini , keenly aware , blushes . rudell anyway , what 's on you mind ? mini well , um ... this may sound strange , but you have not see any suspicious look people around we house lately ? rudell no , be everything okay ? mini yes , it 's just that since mom 's death , someone send we a photo of Martin and I together . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 2 ) rudell together ? mini it indicate that we be ... I know this sound crazy , but ... a couple . rudell a couple ? you and Martin ? hmmm ... I mean , certainly older man and young woman be a ( search again ) ... accept part of society , but for someone to do that , well ... it 's just tasteless . mini exactly , so we be just try to figure who rit could be . udell hmm , I have not notice anyone at all ... out of curiosity , what kind of a picture could they send you to indicate that you and Martin be together ? mini oh , it be not like we be naked or anything . I mean , of course , he 's see I naked , he be my step - father . rudell of course . ext . rudell' pool - later . Mini and rudell sit at a table , enjoy iced teas , as Mini flirt shamelessly with he . mini ( v.o. ) much to my surprise , I be invite to stay for a refresh beverage ... ext . rudell' hot house - later . rudell show Mini around he collection of rare tropical flower . he pluck a tiger lily off a stem and put it in she hair . ( continued ) 97 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) I know he have have no shortage of young woman in he bed , but he have be pay for it in one form or another for a long time . ext . rudell' putting GREEN - later . rudell show Mini how to use a pitching wedge on the small put green off he back patio . he stand behind she , wrapping he arm around she , guide she arm through the swing . mini ( v.o. ) and the one undeniable fact I have learn from Martin be that there be no great thrill or triumph in a man 's life ... int . rudell' kitchen - later . rudell make she a giant banana split , cover it with whip cream . mini ( v.o. ) ... than get a ripe young woman to open the gate to heaven for no other reason than she want to . he accidently get some whip cream on he nose . Mini reach over and wipe it off , lick she finger clean . rudell try to hide the wonderment in he eye . mini ( v.o. ) frankly , I be surprised the anticipation of pull off a mother - daughter double dip do not give he a stroke right there . E xt. rudell' front gate - later . Mini walk out , skip down the path , sing " the candy man " to herself . mini " who can take tomorrow ? dip it in a dream , separate the sorrow and collect up all the cream , the candy man , oh , the candy man can " ( continued ) 98 . continued : mini ( v.o. ) I leave that day , exhilated in the knowledge that in one afternoon , I have turn rudell into a trout on a line ... and he would follow I anywhere I tug the pole . mini ( sing ) " the candy man can ' cause he mix it with love and make the world taste good ... " int . the hallway of mini be high school - day Mini walk down the corridor with kayla . mini ( v.o. ) the photo stop come and although Martin be freaking out about he business , thing be return to normal . I even decide to return to school . they approach troy , the football player she humiliate earlier . Mini raise two finger to she mouth in a " V " , simulate cunnilingus , taunting Troy . his friend laugh and he wilt , pretend he do not see she . int . a classroom - moment later . Mini and kayla walk in with other student . her teacher , Warren Bishop , come over to she immediately . bishop Mini , I have get a message for you to go to the principal 's office right away . int . the principal be office - later . Mini be lead in by a secretary , as detective garson sit in a chair next to principal patty andrews , 50 . mini ( v.o. ) then thing get interesting again . Mini immediately size up the situation and take on the appropriate concerned tone . ( continued ) 99 . continued : mini detective garson , be everything all right ? close on : a video monitor . a black and white surveillance tape of one of the school 's hallway be see . garson ( o.s. ) Mini , this tape be shot a week before you mother 's death . the door to the nurse office be see open and nurse hauptführer walk out . garson ( o.s. ) the next day , the school nurse report two bottle of ritalin miss from the medicine cabinet . a few second later , Mini be see enter the nurse 's office , check over she shoulder to make sure no one see she . the tape freeze , then fast forward . Mini be see leave the office , stuff something in she pocket . int . a empty classroom - continuous a tv and vcr sit on a roll cabinet in the corner , as garson put down the remote and look at Mini . principal andrew be not pleased . garson we have lift two print from the door and the inside of the medicine cabinet . they do not match the nurse . principal andrews Mini , be there something you would like to say to detective garson ? Mini eye remain calm . mini can we see the tape of the Der führer suck down she afternoon fix of smirnoff , or do not you have camera in the bathroom stall ? ( continued ) 100 . continued : principal andrews Young lady , steal anything , especially prescription drug be a serious matter . Mini look at andrew , she eye suddenly start to tear up . mini you get I , okay ? but what be I suppose to do ? principal andrews what do you mean ? mini ( suddenly hysterical ) she ... she say if I do not , she be ... be gonna -- principal andrews who ? another student ? mini my mother ! she make I steal they for she ! I do not want to , but she say she be go to send I to board school in Canada if I do not ! p rincipal andrews Canada ? mini ( sobbing ) the yukon territory ! be you happy , now ? you get I ! principal andrews oh my lord , I have know idea , she be -- mini a addict ? detective garson know ! we tell he , and now what ? the whole school 's gonna know !? Mini hide she face in she hand . mini she 's dead , my mommy 's dead . can not we just leave she be ? ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 2 ) andrew cast a harsh glance at a frustrated garson . principal andrews detective garson , I assume , there will not be a need to press charge against Ms. drogue ? Mini hold out she wrist to garson . mini ( sniffle ) you gonna cuff I , copper !? garson look at Mini , clearly not convinced of she innocence . garson she 's free to go . int . the lobby of martin' office build - day Martin get off the elevator and head across the lobby . garson and a uniformed officer approach he . Martin look a little unnerve to see they . garson ah , Mr. tannen , we be just come up to see you . have you get a minute ? martin detective , I tell you no more question without my lawyer . garson I think you would better call he . int . a interrogation room - later . Martin sit at a table , confer with he lawyer , ned volant , a impeccably dress operator with a mane of thick , heavily gell hair . garson sit across from they . garson there 's a small discrepancy that I can not quite figure out and I be hope you might be able to explain it . martin I suppose I can try . ( continued ) 102 . continued : garson the final toxicology report come back and you wife definitely do not die from the pill . she be not conscious past 9:30 , but it be the fume that kill she . m artin well , hallelujah , thanks for the update - volant Martin , easy . martin I be sorry , but this be harassment . garson see , here 's what I need to ask you . the gas tank in the jag be almost full , just a gallon have be use . martin and ? garson well , if she be unconscious by 9:30 , that mean the car must have be run for at least two hour when you find she . a unconscious person can not turn on a car , right ? volant detective , with all due respect , could you get to the point ? garson well , here 's where I get confuse , see , that particular model idling for two hour will burn at least four gallon of gas . Martin try to remain calm , as the panic start to settle in for a long stay . garson so , there 's really no way the tank could be almost full if it be run for two hour . be there ? he look at Martin , wait for a answer . ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 2 ) garson so , I guess what I be ask be , whose idea be it to put she in the car ? volant Martin , do not say anything . garson now , Mr. tannen , you clearly have the most to gain from she death , but I have learn from a number of you wife 's friend that she and Mini have a strain relationship . volant again , detective , my client will not be answer anything , so let 's just cut the cat and mouse . garson I would like Mr. tannen to know that if he 's try to be a protective father by cover up something Mini do , I would be careful . the district attorney be view this case as a opportunity to show the public that the rich do not get away with murder in this town . Martin whisper something in volant 's ear and he in turn , V whisper back . olant do this mean he 's offer Mr. tannen immunity if he say he be protect he daughter ? garson take a sip of water , as Martin anxiously wait for he answer . garson it 's a strong possibility . but he want Mr. tannen to know he will go for the maximum sentence if he do not . no manslaughter , no plea bargain , nothing . Martin 's eye shift slightly . 104 . int . another interrogation room - continuous garson , now finish with Martin , sit across from Mini and she lawyer , herb pelham , who do not look nearly as confident as Martin 's lawyer . mini it be Colonel mustard in the library with the candlestick . garson smile at Mini , admire she resolve . pelham ( nervously ) uh ... miss drogue , as you lawyer - mini do not wet you pants , I know when to shut up and swallow ... Mini take out a sip a water , let a trickle of liquid roll down she chin . mini ... my tongue . even garson appear a little intimidate by the over flirtation . garson look , the fact that the marriage be unhappy and there be no pre - nup give all the motive to Martin . mini so you want I to say it be he idea ? garson if it be he idea , give I one reason you should take the fall ? mini ( v.o. ) at that moment I know we have he . if he be try to get I to rat on Martin , he do not have enough to charge either one of we . ( continued ) 105 . continued : mini so if I tell the jury it be he idea and I be scared for my life , because he say he would kill I if I ever tell anyone , then I walk ? garson instinctively lean forward in he chair , just a bit . Mini stare into garson 's eye , unflinch . she look around the room , weigh she option . pelham attempt to whisper something in she ear . she wave he off . m ini sorry , sport , but I will take my chance . int . martin be car - later . Mini and Martin drive home together . there be a icy chill between they , as Martin look over at Mini . martin I never doubted for a minute you be go to hold firm . not a second . I hope you know that ? mini oh , I know ... I know . martin good . you realize , we have get to rely on each other ? mini who else do we have ? martin exactly . we be almost home free . my lawyer say that gas gauge theory be circumstantial as hell . I have only get one concern now . mini what ? martin rudell . if a jury know we be a couple , we have both get a motive and that change everything . Mini put she hand on Martin 's , reassuringly . ( continued ) 106 . continued : mini baby , do not worry about he , he 's just jealous ' cause you have still get rockin ' abs and a better hairline . Martin look over at she , soften . mini even if he do send that picture , what do it prove ?... nothing . int . the sherman oak galleria - day Mini walk through the mall . mini ( v.o. ) for all of Martin 's talk of rely on each other ... martin follow about a hundred yard behind . mini ( v.o. ) garson have succeed in plant the seed of distrust . mini turn around and Martin duck into a boutique . ext . a movie theater - night Mini walk out of a movie theater , with kayla and two boy . mini ( v.o. ) we relationship have turn into what some might call ... a few second later , Martin walk out of the theater , wear dark glass and a hat . he follow they . mini ( v.o. ) ... unhealthy . int . there live room - night Mini sit in front of the tv , watch a commercial . she be wear the same " fuct " T-shirt she wear when we first meet she . her eye be fill with anticipation . m mini ( v.o. ) something have to give , and ironically enough , it be the night I be make my television debut . ( more ) ( continued ) 107 . continued : mini ( cont 'd ) I have ask Martin to be home by eight for a big surprise . Martin walk in the front door with he briefcase . mini oh , hey , come and watch . you be miss I , I be on tv ! martin what ? why ? mini hurry up , the commercial 's almost over ! Martin walk over . close on : the tv . absolutely positive ! come back on and we see that mini and a male contestant be sit on either side of this show 's blonde haire engaged couple . Mini and she male counterpart be just a bit better look than the engage couple , both of whom have a midwestern wholesomeness . martin' face turn white . the host turn to the camera . host welcome back to absolutely positive . now it 's time to hear how the date between Jason and Mini end . martin you ? you go on - mini yeah , I think it would be a gas ... now shhh ... close on the screen : host Jason , you say that the reason you want to come on the show be to test you ability to resist temptation . ( continued ) 108 . continued : jason ( a bit nervous ) well , since Becky and I have date since high school and decide to remain virgin until marriage , I just want to go on a date with another girl just to see how I would react . you know , whether there would be any feeling of doubt about my decision ? host so , after dinner , what happen ? jason oh , gosh , well she suggest we go to a dance club she know . I be not really a good dancer , but I say " yes . " becky ( hurt ) we never go dance . Jason smile at she uncomfortably . host so , Mini , be Jason a good dancer ? m ini well , he 's a damn quick learner , and not just at dance . martin shoot a look at Mini mini Martin , for god 's sake , that be they line . you think I talk like that ? close on the screen : host oh , really ? so there be some other teacher - student stuff go on ? jason ( uncomfortable ) uh , no , not really - ( continued ) 109 . continued : ( 2 ) mini oh , come on , what about when we go back to you place ? becky you what ?! jason I , I do not know what she 's talk about . mini come on , do not be bashful . he put on some soft music and - jason no ! this be not true , why be you - mini we start kissing and - becky Jason ! jason ( to Mini ) shut up ! studio audience oooohhhhh ! mini but , jay - jay , it be really special . ( to the host ) he love to be call " jay - jay " . becky you , you ... mini let I tell you , Becky , you be in for a wild ride from this bronco . studio audience whooooooaaaa ! CUT to : martin stare at Mini . ( continued ) 110 . continued : ( 3 ) martin do , do you ... becky ( o.s. ) you sleep with she ?! mini God , Martin , it be a one time thing . he be a virgin , how could I say " no " ? believe I , she will thank I after they wedding night . martin you have I come home early to - mini do not be jealous . it will not happen again . it be just a goof . Martin stand there , speechless , while on the screen : becky dissolves into a puddle of tear as Jason try to console she . suddenly , she run off stage . martin pick up the remote and hit " mute " . martin rudell ? he let you go on ? mini yeah , I think it would be fun . I be not really suppose to , you know , " go all the way " but - martin I can not believe you ... th- that couple , you ruin they relationship . m ini Excuse I , but the show be call absolutely positive for a reason . clearly , the only thing Jason be positive about be - martin you be a sick little twist , you know that ? mini well , what do that make you ? ( continued ) 111 . continued : ( 4 ) martin ( head outside ) I need some air . mini oh , by the way , some intern from you office stop by earlier today with something . it 's on the desk . Martin walk over to the desk and pick up a envelope mark " martin tannen " . he open it to find ... a 8x11 photo of he and Mini kissing passionately on the beach in Mexico . this time there be no question as to the nature of they relationship . scrawle across the bottom in black marker be : " remember , i'm just across the fence " . Martin 's eye scan the photo , a look of resignation set in . mini what be it ? Martin slowly hold it up for she to see . mini oh , my god . martin ( very evenly ) I think it 's time I have a little chat with we neighbor mini no , this be exactly what he want ! what if he 's work with garson ? martin then he can not blackmail I . wait here , I will be right back . Martin head for the back door . mini no , please , do not do this ! let I go with you ! martin I say wait here . Mini jump up and run over to he , grab he wrist . ( continued ) 112 . continued : ( 5 ) mini do not do this , we can leave tonight ! we will drive to Mexico ! Martin look up at she . martin he will never leave we alone , you realize that ? mini no ! let I talk to he , he promise I he would not hurt we ! martin he do ? when ? mini a few day ago ! martin you see he ? mini I go to try and find out what he know ! I spend the afternoon with he - m artin you ... spen - mini I be do it for we ! I figure he would not turn we in if I ... martin if you ...? mini if I make he think I be ... interested . a wave of nausea wash over Martin 's face . martin and be he ? Mini nod . martin please tell I you do not . ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 6 ) Mini hesitates . mini no ... Martin look unconvince . mini I just make he think I would , so he would not turn we in . when animal attack come on the tv in the background . martin ( sarcastically ) thank you , I appreciate you restraint . mini fuck you . I would think you would be a little more appreciative . martin who be you do it for when you do it with that kid ? huh ? who be that selfless act for !? mini oh , like you be such a martyr for be faithful ? it show amazing restraint to limit yourself to just one stepdaughter ! martin do not lecture I about fidelity ! you mother be cheating within six month of the " I do 's " ! he head for the door again . martin now , if you will excuse I ... Mini grab he again , desperate . mini please -- look , I be sorry , I really be , but this be not the answer ! Martin grab she wrist , forcefully . ( continued ) 114 . continued : ( 7 ) mini you be hurt I ! martin ( through he tooth ) calm down or I will snap it in two , do you hear I ? Mini nod she head . martin now , I want you to wait here for I . do you understand ? Mini nod again . mini ( softly ) please do not do this . he let go and calmly walk towards the slide door to the back yard . Mini watch he go . ext . rudell' front door - moment later . Martin stand outside and ring the bell . the door open and rudell stand there in a smoking jacket and pajamas . he look Martin up and down with a self - satisfied smile , as Sinatra 's R " Nice and easy " be play on he stereo in the background . udell Martin , what a surprise , how be you ? martin just watch Mini on you show . rudell ahh ... be tonight the night ? we tape that two week ago . let I tell you , I have girl audition all the time for I and ... ( enjoy this ) she be fuck incredible . rudell watch Martin 's eye for a reaction . martin a natural , huh ? ( continued ) 115 . continued : rudell like a duck to water ... and totally willing to take direction . Martin 's jaw tighten , as rudell be loving twist the knife in he . rudell I wish all the girl I work with have she ... how can I put this ?... need to please . martin you son of a bitch ... Martin explode , punch rudell in the mouth , send he staggering backwards inside . sinatra ( v.o. ) " let 's take it nice and easy ... " int . the tannen's live room - continuous Mini stand at the window , nervously wait on the phone . she look out the window at the fight beginning in rudell 's house . mini ( frantic ) yes , hello , you have get to send a police car to 2376 mira loma Lane right away ! my father 's go crazy , I think he 's go to hurt we neighbor ... yes 2376 mira loma , oh god , hurry ! int . rudell' live room - continuous rudell struggle to he foot and charge Martin , shove he against he wet bar . rudell grab a glass and smashes it over Martin 's face , grind the glass into he face . sinatra ( v.o. ) " hey , baby , what 's you hurry ? relax , do not you worry ... " Martin scream in agony and throw rudell off he . rudell crash into a glass coffee table , smash it to piece . Martin try to pick the glass out of he eye , as rudell get to he foot and grab one of metal leg of the shattered coffee table . ( continued ) 116 . continued : he rush Martin , clubbing he in the head with it . Martin crumple to the floor and rudell start kick he . Martin grab rudell by the ankle and flip he . the two man grapple on the floor . martin where be they ?! huh ? rudell what be you talk - martin do not fuck with I ! the negative ! rudell what ?! ext . rudell' patio and pool - continuous rudell and Martin crash through the plate glass window on to the brick patio . Martin get to he foot first and grab a golf club propped up on a chair next to the put green . sinatra ( v.o . ) " the problem now of course be , to simply hold you horse ... " rudell struggle to he foot , just in time to see the pitching wedge head straight for he rib . thwack ! Martin catch he square and he go down like a sack of potato . Martin start hit he with one swing after another . sinatra ( v.o. ) " to rush would be a crime ... " rudell cry out in agony , as the blow smash one rib after another . martin you son of a bitch ! how 's that feel ?! you like that ?! you think you could have my wife and my daughter too ?! sinatra ( v.o. ) " ` Cause nice and easy do it , nice and easy do it ... " Martin bend down and grab rudell 's hair , twist he head around so he can look he in the eye . in the distance a siren be hear get closer . ( continued ) 117 . continued : martin sorry , pal , she 's mine ! Diane may have take pity on you between vodka , but not she ! not she ! Martin smashes he face into the patio . rudell let out a moan , grasp at the ground , try to get up , but he leg do not obey he . Martin stand up and grab the club , raise it with both hand above he head for a final swing . m artin now tell I where they be or I swear to god , I will crack you head open ! mini ( o.s. ) Martin , do not ! he turn around to see Mini , tear come down she cheek , stand ten foot away . the siren suddenly stop . martin go look for the negative ! mini no ! this be insane ! martin we need the negative ! he raise the club again . Mini run for he , grab he arm before it come down . mini you be gonna kill he ! he try to pull the club away . martin what be you do ! he will tell everyone ! male voice ( o.s. ) freeze , police ! Martin turn around to see two uniformed officer with they gun draw . Martin look down at rudell , gasp for air , he face cover in blood . he look at he own blood - soak clothes , the reality hit he . ( continued ) 118 . continued : ( 2 ) officer Drop the club and put you hand up ! Martin obey and Mini run into the arm of the second officer . the first one move quickly to Martin and shove he on the ground . mini thank God ! thank God , you come ! martin Mini , you call they ?! how could you call they ?! Mini bury she face in the officer 's chest . mini he 's ...he 's crazy , I tell he not to ! I tell he to stop ! sinatra ( v.o. ) " Nice and easy do it ... every time . " fade out : ext . the front of a police station - day Mini emerge from the station with she lawyer as a throng of reporter jostle for a photo . mini ( v.o. ) needless to say , my appearance on absolutely positive be the most seek after clip in every newsroom in town . tv video footage of : Mini at Martin 's trial sit in the front row . mini ( v.o. ) the trial be quick . once Mom 's affair with rudell come out , the d.a. realize he have a motive and a slam dunk . T he forewoman , a elderly hispanic woman , cast a harsh eye towards Martin and then read the verdict . forewoman guilty . ( continued ) 119 . continued : Martin stare straight ahead , show no emotion as Mini sob behind he . mini ( v.o. ) since , rudell be in a coma , the issue of my relationship with Martin be moot . Martin realize try to pin anything on I would probably get he the chair . ext . the courthouse - day Martin , wear a orange prison uniform , be lead into a van by a deputy . mini ( v.o. ) at he sentencing I begge for leniency . he get off with ten for the attempt murder of rudell and twenty to life for mom 's death . ext . the tannen's house - continuous Mini open the door to find reporter campe on the lawn , snap photo . dozen of bouquet and wreath be pile up next to the front door . mini ( v.o. ) the outpour of support be amazing . a mailman haul a bag of sympathy card to the front door . she lead he inside where he dump they next to three other bag full . ext . a dusty two lane road in the central valley - day the sun be blister hot as Mini drive Martin 's mercede convertible with the top down . mini ( v.o. ) Martin 's asset be put in a trust for I and since I be eighteen , I be allow to live by myself . she turn down another road at a sign read " lompoc state prison , 5 mile " . 120 . int . a visiting room at lompoc - day Mini and Martin sit face each other behind a plexiglas barrier . there be divider between each phone to provide the prisoner with a little privacy . mini I be sorry I forget to bring that book you want . martin it 's okay , myou can mail it . ini be you okay ? you look like you have not shower in day . martin ( disturb ) well ...uh... you have to be careful about sh - ... so how 's school ? mini ( excited ) you will never guess what happen . martin what ? mini I be vote valedictorian ! martin but do not you have to be - mini the best student ? I know ! but the student take a vote and they say they want I to have it for demonstrate remarkable courage in the face of unspeakable loss . martin ( smile sadly ) I wonder how the real valedictorian feel ? mini like slitting he wrist with the sharp end of a protractor . ( continued ) 121 . continued : martin be rudell out of he coma yet ? mini I do not know , why ? martin why ? ( take aback ) Mini , if he recover , he may try to blackmail you with that picture . mini ( nonchalant ) oh ... I would not worry about that . martin but if the d.a. get that picture , you could - mini I be pretty sure he will not be do anything with they . he look suddenly very worried . martin Mini , you be not think of sleep with he to keep he quiet ? because I have meet people in here who could help we with he , if it come to that . mini help we ? martin they know people on the outside we could ... pay to make sure he do not try to take advantage of you . mini oh , gosh , that 's so romantic . it 's like you be a real life criminal with connection and everything , but I be a little surprised you have not figure it out yet . martin what ? ( continued ) 122 . continued : ( 2 ) Mini 's eye glint ever so slightly , as she examine Martin 's face , almost as if he 's a animal at the zoo . mini oh ...wow , like I think you be just play along `cause I be you only link to the outside world , but you really do not know ? Martin furrow he brow , confuse . m ini rudell do not send that picture . he suddenly become very still , as Mini 's lip curl in a thin smile . mini you remember , aurelio ? Martin look at she blankly . martin we cabana boy from Mexico ? suddenly , it hit he . he look almost nauseous . mini what a sweetie , I think I might have to fuck he , but just give he the camera be enough . his knuckle tighten around the phone . martin you ...you ... mini it be pretty clear garson be not gonna give up , and sooner or later he would find enough to charge we . it just seem ridiculous that we would both end up suffer . martin jaw tighten as he pupil go black . mini oh , come on , you would have do it if you think of it first ... you know I be right . the vein start to bulge in he arm hold the phone . ( continued ) 123 . continued : ( 3 ) mini ( suddenly switch gear ) hey , listen , since conjugal visit be pretty much out of the question , I think it would be cool if we try a little prison phone sex . Martin stare at she , take deep steady breath . mini they do not tap this line , do they ? ( look around ) I think I might even be able to open my blouse without anyone see ... you ready ? martin Guard ! mini no ? be you sure ? I will not be able to come back for a few week . ( mock jealous ) wait , have you meet someone in here ?! martin Guard ! mini why , you old dog ! I know you would not be single in here for long . a prison guard appear behind Martin 's stall . martin Guard ! she do it ! she just admit it ! it be she idea ! mini I guess this mean I could start dating around too ? martin do not let she leave ! she 's guilty ! get the warden ! G uard okay , that 's enough ! ( continued ) 124 . continued : ( 4 ) the guard move to take the phone from he . Martin clutches it to he head . martin you bitch ! you little whore ! mini ( start to cry ) daddy , why be you say that thing ! the guard struggle to rip the phone away , but Martin hold on for dear life . martin I be gonna kill you ! do you hear I , you little bitch ! mini ( sobbing ) daddy , stop ! I love you ! do not say that ! I love you ! finally , the guard smashes Martin with a billy club , send he sprawling on the floor . Martin scream behind the glass , but cannot be hear , as the guard hog tie he and drag he away by he foot . ext . a high school graduation ceremony - day senior in gowns sit await they diploma , as parent sit in the audience , fan themselves with program . Mini stand at the dais , address the class . mini ( v.o. ) ... as many of you know , the past few month of my life have be very difficult . I do not know how I would have get through it without all of you . I really think it be a testament to the love in this institution , that I stand before you today , as the first straight " C " student in school history vote valedictorian . a few cheer go up from the rowdier student . mini ( cont 'd ) ( more ) ( continued ) 125 . continued : again , to marvin tepperman , the real valedictorian , he deserve this and I want to wish he a speedy recovery . I speak to he doctor today and they say , with medication and therapy , marvin should be able to attend Harvard this fall . a polite smatter of applause be hear . mini while I may not have excell in the classroom , I think my recent experience in that bigger schoolhouse we call " life " , have teach I a few lesson that I would like to share with my fellow graduate . her classmate instinctively lean forward a little to listen . mini follow you heart and do not question it , now matter where it tell you to go . trust I , it will open up a world of new experience you can not even imagine . principal andrew nod in approval . mini but as you listen to it , do not forget you family , you parent . do not forget they be people too , and while we may not always agree with they , remember to love they when they need love . a few parent look almost surprised to hear positive thing say about they . mini ( voice break ) and I mean really love they , do not just pay they lip service . really do it ... whenever you can . ( hold back tear ) ( more ) ( continued ) 126 . continued : ( 2 ) mini ( cont 'd ) I know I do , and I just wish my dad could be here today , so after this speech I could just walk down into the audience and give he my love right here ... in front of all of you . thank you and good luck . Mini put she speech down , gently sobbing , as the audience erupt . principal andrews move quickly to console she . mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) like I promise , no prom night highjink , no nerd become popular , no Shakespeare shove up you ass . mini' fellow graduate give she a stand ovation . a few parent become misty - eye . mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and in case you be feel guilty about have no one to identify with but I , relax ... mini look out across the crowd and a huge smile ripple across she face , as she wave to everyone in the golden sunlight . mini ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... there 's a first time for everything . fade out : the end