mirror written by Alexandre aja &amp ; Gregory levasseur fourth draft January 5th 2007 " I give you the secret of all secret . mirror be the gate through which death come and go . tell no one . " orphée , Jean Cocteau 1 omitted 1 1a int . night - harlem subway station 1a a subway screech by at full speed revealing a station platform somewhere in harlem . a man run for he life in the desert space . he 's a African american male in he forty wear a security guard uniform . he turn into a empty corridor , climb a set of stair towards the exit , but - the gate be down and the station be close . desperate and out of breath , he be force to trace he way back , search for a exit or a place to hide . he see a door to the public restroom and run inside . 1b int . night - subway public restroom 1b the place be desert as well . one of the mirror be smashed while the other be cover by graffiti and dirt - the neon light be flicker , bring the place in and out of the dark . the man check each stall one at a time . his face light up as he look inside the last one - a SMALL window above the toilet be just big enough for he to crawl through . he step onto the toilet seat but the window be shut too tight . after a brief struggle , he swing it open , only to discover - a wall of brick . panic return to he eye . he slowly open the stall door , fearful of what could be wait outside . a faint SOUND of shatter glass be hear . he quickly shut the door , hold he breath . frozen . silence . his heart racing , he exit the stall in the direction of the sound . the place be empty . the room be reveal by flash of flicker neon light . he move closer to the sink and the spiderweb crack mirror . his image be fragment and deform . it resemble a cubist portrait . ( continued ) 2 . 1b continued : 1b man I be sorry ... I ... I ... I be not try to get away ... he talk to he own reflection in the mirror - man ( cont 'd ) no , please do not ... he approach and start cry like a child . his head rest against the mirror , he plead for he life . then , see the dirt and grime on the mirror , he behave shift to another extreme . he start clean it frantically with he hand . too frantically - a piece of the spiderweb crack mirror fall on the ground . immediately , he bend down to pick it up but - he reflection in the mirror remains stand in silence , watching he . look up , the man realize he reflection have become independent . a separate be ... terrify , he slowly stand stare at he stationary double . the pointy and sharp piece of break mirror in he hand reflect the neon light just like a knife blade . his eye turn cold with fear when - he double in the mirror stab itself deep in its throat ! in reality , the man have not move a inch , yet he throat rip OPEN , releasing a river of blood . void of any facial expression , the man 's reflection slice he jugular from end to end . in reality , the man choke on he own blood which splatter on the mirror - turning the image to a dark deep red . CUT to : 1c ext . day - new york 1c open credit on - all the reflection catch in the glass building of Manhattan - the traffic in the street , the old turn - of - the-century façades , the people walk on the sidewalk , the pigeon fly away , the Brooklyn Bridge and the Manhattan skyline reflect off the surface of the Hudson River ... ( continued ) 3 . 1c continued : 1c see through the mirrore surface , everything in the city seem to move in a distort way . ominous . the softness of the sun 's rise light be contrast with the eerie , haunt music . CUT to : 2 int . day - apartment queen 2 " a week before " bip. bip. bip ... it 's 8 a.m . the blink digital number of the alarm clock reflect off the wooden floor of the apartment . the sunlight be diffuse through the draw curtain of the live room . see in the reflection of the tv - set , a man be sleep on the couch . he switch off the alarm and rise to go into the bathroom . 3 bathroom - continuity 3 like a thick fog , the steam from the shower fill the bathroom . the shower turn off . a hand reach out to wipe away the mist on the mirror above the sink , revealing - the face of BEN carson , 41 year old . his eye reflect the hardship of life . a life , that from the line on he face , we suspect have not be easy . on he chest and shoulder , several bullet scar . Ben change he razor blade and start to shave he 3 day old stubble . 4 bedroom - continuity 4 Ben finish get dress and walk to the half open bedroom door . Inside , angela be asleep in the bed . she be young than Ben . angela awaken slowly - angela what time be it ? BEN almost 8:30 ... coffee ? ( continued ) 4 . 4 continued : 4 angela no , you be go to be late . BEN go back to sleep ... I will call you , ok ? angela yeah , I will not be work until later tonight . he come to kiss she on the forehead . she open a sleepy eye and smile . angela ( cont 'd ) you shave ? she stroke he face gently . angela ( cont 'd ) I like it . it make you look young . Ben slip on he old military parka before leave . angela ( cont 'd ) good luck ! BEN see you later , Angie . 5 int . day - hallway build 5 Ben walk down the hallway . the building be old and clearly not well maintain , crack and graffiti cover the wall . CUT to : 6 omitted 6 7 omitted 7 7a ext . day - manhattan 7a the downtown street be clogge with the early morning rush hour traffic . 8 int . day - police station - manhattan 8 on the honorary board of the nypd we can read the name of all the officer decorate for they courage . in the reflection of the copper plate we find Ben , sit on the bench across from the office of - ( continued ) 5 . 8 continued : 8 Captain larry byrne ( 55 ) who appear at the end of the corridor - larry sorry , I be late ... have you be wait long ? BEN I just get here . they shake hand . larry you look awful . BEN thanks Larry . larry you know , you should sleep at night . come in ... Ben follow he into the office . 9 int . day - larry 's' office 9 Larry take a seat and briefly look over the message and file that have be drop off on he desk - larry so do you find a apartment yet ? BEN no , not yet . larry you need a place to stay ? BEN no , I be stay at my sister 's , in queen . larry I do not know you have a sister . what do she do ? BEN she 's a bartender . larry that 's not too good for you ! anyway , you know you be always welcome to stay at we house . Larry look up at Ben , slightly uneasy - ( continued ) 6 . 9 continued : 9 larry ( cont 'd ) I run into Amy the other day . how be thing go between the two of you ? Ben remain silent . he obviously do not want to get into that subject . larry ( cont 'd ) so , why do you want to see I Ben ? BEN you know what I want . I be ready to come back , I be feel much better now . larry listen Ben , I can not bring you back on the force . nobody in the squad want you around right now . I be sorry but I have to be honest with you . you understand , right ? BEN Larry , I be tell you , I be ready . larry if it be up to I , I would bring you back tomorrow , but I be not the only one who decide . listen , I think I have get something else for you . I know a guy at the mayflower corporation and they need someone to watch over one of they department store . BEN what ?! come on Larry , a security guard job ... I be not ready to retire yet ! larry hey ! I be just try to help here . I know you be over qualified for that position but it 's a good opportunity for you for the time be ... until the situation here quiet down . also the money be not that bad . Ben be have a hard time to contain he anger . larry ( cont 'd ) you need the money , Ben . you be in the middle of a divorce and you have get child support to cover . if you want to see you kid , you have get to get a job , any job . deep inside , Ben know Larry 's right . ( continued ) 7 . 9 continued : ( 2 ) 9 larry ( cont 'd ) do you know the mayflower on West 38th Street ? BEN I do . the one that burn down ? larry yes , they night watchman have not show up for work in several day . they need someone right away . take it , relax , and we will talk about you situation again in a couple month . BEN yeah , in a couple month ... I give everything for the nypd . I almost die out there . everyone seem to have forget that . larry I do not . CUT to : 10 int . day - coroner' office 10 we discover a whole different world - in the sterile environment of the NYC Chief Medical examiner 's Office , forensic scientist with tape recorder in hand , describe the corpse . we be a world away from the Hollywood clich of neatly laid out , immaculate cadaver . here , some of the corpse have reach a state of advanced decomposition and other be still freeze in contort position , express they ultimate agony before die . from the homeless man fished out of the river , to the woman kill by gun shot , each corpse tell he own story ... amidst the group of doctor 35 - year - old amy , deeply immerse in a autopsy , be interrupt by she cell phone . Amy check the display for the income call - BEN . she hesitates for a moment and do not answer the call . Amy go back to the postmortem analysis on she tape recorder . 11 ext . day - new york 11 dozen of pigeon fly away as the above ground subway pass by . ( continued ) 8 . 11 continued : 11 amy ( o.s. ) " ... you have reach Amy carson . I be not available to take you call . please leave a message and I will get back to you as soon as I can . " caught in the pour rain , Ben have take shelter under the scaffold at a street corner . he plug he ear with he finger to block the traffic and city commotion - BEN ( on Amy 's voicemail ) Amy , it 's I ... I just want to let you know that I get a job today ... it 's nothing special , just a security guard job ... if you still want to go ahead with it , we can sign the divorce papers ... I mean , if that 's what you really want . ( he hesitates ) I have be think about Michael 's birthday tomorrow . it would be nice if we could celebrate it together ... you know , for the kid ' sake ... call I ... please . Ben hang up the phone . he linger under the scaffold for a moment , watch the fall rain . 12 ext . day - new york 12 the glass skyscraper mirror the black cloud in the sky above as they slowly break up , give way to the sun . 13 ext . day - mayflower department store 13 on 38th Street , just off of Broadway , the mayflower have withstood the passage of time and the huge fire that force it to shut down - the damage from the fire be still noticeable on the facade of the building - the fire appear to have start on the ground floor and seem to have spread all the way up to the top . some of the window be shattered , while other be board up . what be once a impressive ornate building , a fine example of 1920 's architecture stand on one of Manhattan 's most dynamic street , now give off a feel of devastation and desolation . what be leave of it be a mere ruin , a sort of neglect ghost ship , abandon in the heart of the city . 9 . 14 int . day - mayflower 14 the last beam of daylight shine through the break windowpane . Inside the department store , everything have remain the same since the fire , as if time stand still . the display case , the department , the mannequin , and even the clothes be all burnt or blacken by the fire . a thick coat of soot cover the floor and rainwater drip down all over the place . man ( o.s. ) it 's be five year and they be still in a legal battle with the insurance company . even clean up that mess be impossible ... in he dark brown uniform , the daytime security guard , lorenzo sapelli , 60' , seem pleased to guide Ben through what be once a temple of beauty and vanity . lorenzo you know , the meredith family acquire this building after St. John 's Hospital close in 1952 . it be the very first mayflower to open on the East Coast . on the crack wall , the huge 1920 mirror that have survive the flame reflect merely the remnant of the past . the customer be long go and have be replace by pigeon fly in and out of the gap in the roof . lorenzo ( cont 'd ) the company want we to patrol the premise every couple of hour , but I do my round every three hour and that 's more than enough . anyway , you will see , there 's not much go on . it 's pretty calm around here . Ben follow Lorenzo through the burnt display counter . he listen but he mind have drift elsewhere . this place make he uncomfortable . it 's not only the linger smell of a fire , but also a sense of death that hang over it . the whistling of the wind through the store 's old ventilation system sound like faraway voice . Ben and Lorenzo appear at the top of the staircase of the 2nd floor . lorenzo ( cont 'd ) here you go ... Men 's department , or what 's leave of it anyway ... ( continued ) 10 . 14 continued : 14 Ben observe the surroundings - yet another spectacle of devastation . lorenzo ( cont 'd ) thank God you do not show up any later . this place give I the chill at night . ... no electricity , and all this mirror ... you know , I live in Brooklyn near a jewish neighborhood , and when someone die , they cover all the mirror in they house . some say that it 's just to renounce all vanity during the mourn period , but other say something else ... they say it 's to keep the soul of the dead from be trap in the mirror ... believe it or not , there 's always a bit of truth in any superstition . be I right ? amuse and skeptical at the same time , Ben contemplate the mirror that surround he - lorenzo ( cont 'd ) I guess you just have to keep you eye away from they . unlike the rest of the scenery , the mirror be perfectly clean and glistening . BEN do you clean they ? lorenzo what ? BEN the mirror , why be they so clean ? Lorenzo smile - lorenzo that 's Gary Lewis , the fellow who work here before you . he be completely obsessed with this damn mirror . he would spend the entire night polish they . BEN why do he leave ? lorenzo no idea . just do not show up one night . I take it he 's find a better opportunity somewhere else . ( more ) ( continued ) 11 . 14 continued : ( 2 ) 14 lorenzo ( cont 'd ) I be not one to complain , but I never really like he much ... could never be bother to say hello or at least ask " how be you do ? " ... I mean , damn , do we work together as a team or what ?! you , on the other hand , seem like a nice guy . how long have it be since you leave the nypd ? BEN almost a year . lorenzo why do you resign from the force ? you be a detective , be that correct ? BEN I be wounded during a holdup ... it kind of change my perspective on thing . Ben and Lorenzo reach the next floor . lorenzo third floor ... lady ' department . you gotta be careful here . when the wind blow , sometimes the tile fly off the roof and they will just snap you ear off , if you follow what I be say ... Lorenzo check the time on he watch . lorenzo ( cont 'd ) well , I will let you get acquainted with the rest of the store on you own . they turn around . lorenzo ( cont 'd ) follow I , I will show you we " headquarters " and I will get you one of this uniform . 15 ext . dusk - mayflower - security guard trailer 15 it 's almost night . Ben and Lorenzo have finish they visit and exit the department store . lorenzo we be a pretty big team work here before the fire . when you stop to think that of all the department store in New York , this one be the most beautiful , the most luxurious ... it break you heart , it really do ... ( continued ) 12 . 15 continued : 15 outside the building behind the fence block its entry , a construction trailer have be outfit for the guard . lorenzo ( cont 'd ) here you go . this be where you will be spend most of you time . at least you have get electricity in here . it 's nice and warm , and there 's even a tv . 16 int . night - security guard trailer 16 cartoon flicker on a old television set . all bundle up in a coat , and wear a woolen hat , a young boy be watch tv. Lorenzo and Ben enter the mobile home - lorenzo Lorenzo junior , my grandson ... say hello Lorenzo . lorenzo JR . hello . lorenzo Lorenzo and I be go to the movie tonight ... Lorenzo stroke he grandson on the head and proceed to the back of the mobile home , leave Ben alone with the child . the boy look almost hypnotize by the image on tv . BEN how old be you , Lorenzo ? lorenzo JR . 8 . Lorenzo Jr. shift he attention from the cartoon and stare Ben in the face - lorenzo JR . ( cont 'd ) do you work in the department store ? BEN I do now . lorenzo JR . grandpa say there be ghost in the store ... be that true ? Ben smile . BEN I think you grandpa just want to scare you a little . ( continued ) 13 . 16 continued : 16 Lorenzo senior have change clothes , and return with a uniform , which he hand over to Ben - lorenzo here , this should fit you . Lorenzo , put you coat on ... we be already late . ( to Ben , on the sly ) there 's a drop of Jack Daniel 's in the cupboard ... to keep yourself warm . Lorenzo hand over the key - lorenzo ( cont 'd ) well , Ben , the place be all yours . he 's about to leave when - lorenzo ( cont 'd ) oh ! I forget the most important thing ... the flashlight ! you will be need one of this at night . we have get two of they . they run on battery . do not forget to charge they ... see you in the morning , Ben . BEN see you tomorrow . Lorenzo and Lorenzo Jr. exit the trailer . through the window , Ben see they walk out to the street . Ben inspect the trailer - scattered with knickknack , the decoration of the place correspond well with Lorenzo 's personality - warmhearted and humble . the clock on the wall show 7 p.m .... a long night lie ahead . Ben grab a flashlight and turn it on . the beam of light be dazzle - CUT to : 17 int . night - mayflower - a few hour later 17 the flashlight sweep across the dark entrance hall . wearing the security guard 's uniform mark with a embroider " m " , Ben make he first round of the store . the pigeon perch on the roof seem to observe he . Ben proceed slowly up the stair . 14 . 18 - second floor - 18 in the Men 's department , Ben 's flashlight be a mere luminous spot twirling in the night . the ever- present mirror magnify the space to infinity . 19 - third floor - 19 Ben walk through the different section of the lady ' department . he examine the remain of the char garment sagging on the hanger . the silhouettes of the burnt mannequin emerge in the gloom of the night . strange and disturbing shape reflect off the mirror . 19a ext . night - mayflower 19a Wide exterior shot - by night , the department store 's ornate facade take on a entirely different appearance - more menace , almost evil . 19b int . night - mayflower 19b Ben continue he round . we follow he path through reflection in the mirror - as if he be be watched ... then - for the first time , we discover another perspective , another Pov from within the mirror . it feel ominous , slightly detach . the sound be mute . Ben cross back the third floor - the second floor ... 20 omitted 20 21 omitted 21 22 omitted 22 15 . 23 - entrance hall ground floor - 23 in the reflection of one of the grand mirror in the entrance hall , we see Ben come down the stair . he stop for a moment , face he reflection in the mirror . he fix he collar and look at himself in he new clothes - not quite a nypd uniform ... suddenly , he eye freeze . intrigue , he come closer to the mirror and lean forward - a handprint , barely visible , on the ice cold surface . he touch it with the tip of he finger and try to rub it off , unsuccessfully . he pick up a rag from the ground , spit on the mirror , and rub the mark fervently . the print remain . this confirm he hunch - the handprint be inside the mirror ... by angle the flashlight , another handprint be reveal . another . and yet another - the entire mirror be cover with handprint , just as if a crowd of people on the other side have pressed itself against the glass to get out ... as he look back up in the mirror he see - the access door to the basement open ... Ben turn around . his gaze freeze - the access door to the basement be close ! yet , in the mirror , it continue to slowly screech OPEN ! Ben swing he head back and forth , between the shut door in reality and the open door in the mirror . what be happen ? be he dream or hallucinate ? Ben walk backwards towards the basement door , keep he eye fix on the mirror . as he go to reach for the handle , he see he reflection reach for the handle of a invisible door ! Ben open it - the synchronicity between the real world and the one reflected in the mirror have be restore . Ben try to reenact the phenomenon . he open and close the door over and over , while observe he reflection , but the mirror be no longer deceitful . the staircase lead to the basement vanish into the dark . Ben hesitates . 16 . 24 omitted 24 25 omitted 25 26 omitted 26 27 omitted 27 28 omitted 28 29 omitted 29 30 omitted 30 31 omitted 31 31a omitted 31a 32 omitted 32 33 omitted 33 34 omitted 34 35 omitted 35 36 int . night - basement corridor mayflower - continuity 36 Ben walk down the stair , step - by-step , lighting he way with a flashlight . the beam of light dim , the battery be almost dead . he give it a few tap to make the light reappear . last step - he foot land in water ! BEN fuck ... a few inch of water cover the basement floor . one of the water pipe must have burst due to the cold . ( continued ) 17 . 36 continued : 36 the light flicker back for a moment , revealing before he - the narrow subterranean corridor of the department store . along a wall , Ben find a fuse box and push some of the switch . further down in the corridor , a couple of fluorescent light flicker to life - two tiny source deep inside the darkness . as BEN discover he surroundings , the camera pull back slowly , up along the stair , through the OPEN door , it accelerate and stop in front of the mirror - in the reflection , we see the basement door shut ... fade to black 37 ext . day - new jersey STREET 37 it 's be snow all day and a white coat of powder outline the tree and house . on the front lawn of they house , 5 year old michael and 7 year old daisy be building a snowman . michael why do they say on tv that it be not suppose to snow today , but tomorrow instead ? why do they lie ? daisy sometimes they make mistake , Michael . it happen ... michael grown-up do not make mistake . only little child do . slightly annoyed , the little boy place the eye on the snowman . Daisy 's face light up with a big smile when she catch sight of she father 's car approach - daisy daddy ! Michael turn around and see Ben exite he 1986 oldsmobile , with a big wrap package in he arm . the child abandon they snowman and rush towards they father . Ben take Michael into he arm - michael ( point to the wrap present ) what be that ? ( continued ) 18 . 37 continued : 37 BEN well I do not know , I just find this package hide behind a tree . michael be it for I ? BEN maybe ... ( to he daughter ) Daisy , have Michael be a good boy ? do he deserve he birthday present ? Michael nod . daisy no ! yesterday he finish the whole bag of candy when mom have tell he he could only have one piece . michael not true ! daisy yes it 's true ! michael no , it 's not true ... she 's lie daddy . I have be a very good boy , I promise . they enter the house . BEN be mom back ? daisy not yet . Rosa come to pick we up from school today . 38 int . day - house - continuity 38 in the kitchen , rosa , the nanny , be rinsing the dish from the afternoon snack - BEN hello Rosa ! rosa hello señor carson . how be you ? BEN I be good , very good ... what time will Amy be back ? ( continued ) 19 . 38 continued : 38 rosa not before six , Sir ... BEN ok , I will wait for she . rosa do you want I to fix you a snack ? BEN no , thank you . I will be fine . Ben take off he coat and join the kid in the live room . he hand over the present to he son . Daisy be sit in the armchair , hold she cat , TIGER , in she arm . BEN ( cont 'd ) happy birthday , Michael . michael what be it ? daisy duh , open it stupid ! Michael tear away the wrapping paper and discover a remote control car . the little boy be on cloud nine . 39 - later in the afternoon - 39 through the front window , we see a volvo station wagon park in front of the house . Amy get out of the car , load with shopping bag . she enter the house and hand the grocery over to Rosa . amy hi Rosa ... where be the kid ? rosa upstair ... ( in a low voice ) ... with señor Ben . the expression on Amy 's face shift . noticeably irritate , she go up to the second floor . Michael 's remote control car drive at full speed down the hallway . Ben show he child how to operate the remote control while the bathtub fill up . he seem as excited as the kid by the new toy . Ben turn around to find Amy watch they . ( continued ) 20 . 39 continued : 39 BEN hey Amy ... michael look mommy , look what daddy get I . amy it 's great , you will have to show I how it work ! michael it 's so fast mommy ! amy Ben , can I talk to you , in private ? Ben put down the remote control - BEN ( to he kid ) ok kid , it 's time for you bath . no fool around . Ben follow Amy into the bedroom . she close the door behind they . 40 int . early evening - bedroom house 40 Amy be not equally pleased to see he - she 's beside herself with anger - amy what be this ? I already ask you not to drop by without call , do not I ? BEN I do , but you never take my call ! amy I do not need you call in the middle of the night . I be better off without they . BEN I have not have a drink in three month but , then again , how would you know ? amy I do not want to know , Ben . I do not want to hear about it . it 's not my problem . you be not my problem . you have do more than enough harm already . BEN you do not think people can change ? ( continued ) 21 . 40 continued : 40 amy we be not talk about people , we be talk about you . how many time do you tell I you be gonna change and nothing happen ? it only get worse . Ben move closer to he ex- wife - BEN just give I another chance . she smile - how many other chance do she already give he ? behind the firmness and intransigence she convey , we sense Amy be tear . she still love he as well . amy I need more time , Ben . listen , I will never stop you from see you child but we have to set up some rule . out of nowhere , Ben hit the wall with he bare fist - BEN what rule ?! it be my son' fucking birthday today ! come on amy , what rule be go to stop I from seeing he ? 41 int . early evening - house bathroom 41 in the bathtub , Daisy and Michael cannot avoid overhear they parent argue . in denial , Michael block he ear with he hand and lie back under the water ... 42 back in the bedroom - 42 Amy seem distrustful of Ben , scared of how close he be to the edge . we can see the anger in he eye ... amy look at yourself . you be still carry around so much of that anger . he catch a glimpse of he reflection in the mirror - and of the desperate violence in he eye ... Ben step back . BEN ( try to calm down ) I be sorry , I do not mean to yell at you ... thing could be so different between we . amy yes I know , but it 's up to you Ben . ( continued ) 22 . 42 continued : 42 BEN yeah ... anyway , I be not plan on stay . my shift start in a hour . I will just kiss they goodbye and then I be leave . Ben exit the room . Amy be leave alone - through the window , she watch Ben exit the house and get into he car . when she turn away , she discover Michael and Daisy stand outside the bathtub drip wet in they towel . she smile , and quickly come to dry they . michael Mom ? amy yes , honey . michael be daddy come back to live with we ? she smile gently . amy I do not know sweetheart . I do not know . 43 int . day - basement corridor mayflower 43 the beam from the flashlight be reflect in the few inch of water flooding the basement corridor . since yesterday , the water level have continue to rise . the outline of Ben and Lorenzo 's silhouettes appear in the staircase lead to the ground floor - BEN I have not manage to find the source of the leak . my guess be it do not come from the store ... it must be a municipal pipe that blow with the cold ... lorenzo I will call the company tomorrow morning and have they come take a look at it . 44 int . night - security guard trailer 44 on the gas stove , a kettle be whistling . ( continued ) 23 . 44 continued : 44 Ben rummages through the cupboard and the drawer . he find some instant coffee next to the bottle of Jack Daniels . he briefly hesitates between the coffee and the whisky ... he grab a cup and pour the boil water into the instant coffee . in the reflection of the clock , we see Ben watch tv . it be past midnight . Ben get up and grab he flashlight - it 's time for he round . 45 int . night - mayflower central hall 45 through the shattered pane of the central dome , we see Ben walk through the store . since the mysterious occurrence of the night before , he attitude have change . he avoid , as much as possible , look into the mirror . he be on guard , fear another supernatural manifestation . the shadow , the mannequin , and the shape in the mirror be all disturbing and unsettle . even what remain of the sculpture on the top of the marble column seem alive in the dark . as he cross the entrance hall , a glint of light catch he attention . despite himself , he stop and gaze into the mirror - at the far end of the store , one of the department be in full swing and bathed in daylight ! everything be spotless , as if the FIRE have never taken place . customer come and go as if nothing happened . how be this possible ? Ben turn around to see the same spot in the real world - only it's in ruins ... Ben glance back at the reflection in the mirror - the vision of the past prevail . unable to ignore it , Ben decide to check it out for himself ... Ben wander off towards the far end of the store , a landscape of dust and desolation . he reflection in the mirror , on the other hand , head in the direction of the " flashback " - we follow he in the mirror - Ben have leave the night behind and enter the " daytime " department . everything be in perfect order and unspoil . Ben continue he journey into the past . ( continued ) 24 . 45 continued : 45 the customer jostle one another while shopping during a big sale . Children run wild in the aisle . woman fight over article of clothing . Ben stop dead in he track when he notice , around he shoe , a transparent liquid spilling out on the floor - he bend down and dip he fingertip into the liquid - gasoline . gallon of flow gasoline gradually spread over the floor of the department store . Ben turn around and see , under the shelving , a hand lighting a zippo - the lighter fall to the floor in slow motion . the liquid burst into flame instantly . the cheerful vision of a day in the department store quickly turn into a nightmare - everything be engulfed in flame . the clothes , the mannequin and last but not least , the crowd ! the agonizing shriek of pain and panic be deafening . frightened , Ben step back - the flame spread quickly to the escalator where the crowd have rush to escape death - horrific vision of people burning alive ... incinerated flesh . face distorted by the pain , skin melting to the bone . in the midst of the flame through the heat wave , Ben spot the face of the firestarter - be it he own ? Ben have no time to react . in a split second , he uniform catch fire . panicked , he attempt to put out the fire with he hand - CUT to : in the dark night surrounded by the charree ruins , BEN quiver deliriously as he tries to smother the invisible flame . he come back to reality - Ben catch he breath , try to come to he sense . what 's happen to he ? what he just experience certainly feel real . during he panic , the flashlight roll under one of the counter . Ben bend down to pick it up . the beam illuminate the ground and throw light on a object a bit further away - a leather wallet . ( continued ) 25 . 45 continued : ( 2 ) 45 he stretch out he hand to pick it up . the leather be wear - out but the absence of dust establish that the wallet have land there recently . Ben examine the object with the experience touch of a professional accustom to handle evidence . between the collection of card and scrap of paper , Ben find a driver 's license belong to - gary lewis , 55 year old , a sturdily build African american man . we recognize the man running in the subway , at the beginning . the name ring a bell for he - 46 int . night - security guard trailer 46 Ben return to the trailer and rummages through the closet - he stop when he find another uniform . a name be embroider on the shoulder - again the same name : gary lewis , ben' predecessor , the missing night watchman . the wallet rest on the table and pique Ben 's curiosity . he can not hold back he police instinct . he finally empty out the content on the table - a blockbuster card , restaurant receipt , a driver 's license , Phillips ' business card from mayflower , cash and a sheet of paper fold in four - Ben unfold the sheet of paper and see , write in ink - esseker Ben chew over this seven letter . be it somebody 's name ? a place ? a code ? initial ? he fold it up again and put everything back , neatly , in the wallet that he stow away in one of the drawer . fade to black 48 omitted 48 48a ext . day - queen STREET 48a a busy street under the subway overpass . we see a neighborhood bar on the corner - 49 int . day - queen bar 49 at this time of day the place be desert . a plasma screen show a baseball game . a drunk guy be half asleep at the corner table . ( continued ) 26 . 49 continued : 49 sitting at the bar , Ben be nervous , tense ... he remove the steepe tea bag from he cup . Ben stare at himself in the mirror , behind the bottle display shelf . it be not he mirror image that he be observe . his gaze seem to pierce through he own reflection , to dive beyond , into the very depth of he soul . Angela interrupt , across from he , behind the bar . she work here . angela ( intrigue ) what be you look at ? BEN nothing special ... angela ( playfully ) come on , you have be look at yourself for more than half a hour . you never use to be so vain . BEN you can not avoid they . they be everywhere ... angela what be you talk about ? BEN the mirror ... in the department store , at every street corner , in the window of every fuck building in this city . I feel like I be not the one look into the mirror , but rather they be look at I . Angela smile , not sure if he be serious - angela you need a drink . BEN no , I be serious . angela do not you think you be be a little bit paranoid ? Ben observe the palm of he hand . angela ( cont 'd ) mirror be just glass and silver , Ben ... ( continued ) 27 . 49 continued : ( 2 ) 49 Angela smile at he and continue to polish the drink glass . 50 int . night - basement mayflower 50 in the darkness , a rat glide peacefully on the water surface . in the basement , the water level continue to rise . with a flashlight in hand , and he foot submerge in the water , Ben move deeper into the tunnel . he be search for the source of the leak . the beam of light sweep across the wall and the piping . Ben cross a intersection . in the corner , on the tile wall , he barely discern a old inscription ingrain with decade of dust and dirt . he sink he hand into the water and wipe it off , revealing a arrow point to , ST john' department of psychiatry . he continue he exploration of the subterranean passageway . suddenly , he notice a darker area on the wall . he come closer and discover a brownish damp -spot , cover with mold . the humidity have pearle into droplet . he have find the source of the leak . his hand brushes the wall , cause it to crumble instantly . Ben dig into the plaster as if it be butter , bring a crack water pipe to light . the leakage have damage the wall in which the tub be embed . Ben hear the echoing sound of stream water , as if there be another room on the other side of the wall . he push against the saturate wall , and pierce through it with he arm . he remove he arm . for a moment , he observe the gape black hole that he have just leave behind . Ben peek through the hole with he flashlight , but he cannot make out what be on the other side . he make the hole bigger , until the passage be large enough for he to crawl through - on the other side , he discover a large brick room and in the middle of it another room - a octagonal one whose each and every wall , including the ceiling , be made of gigantic two way mirror . one of the mirror be open , ajar - it 's a door . he enter . ( continued ) 28 . 50 continued : 50 his image be reflect in all direction and from infinite angle . Ben move towards the center of the room - although the room seem empty before , somebody be now stand in the corner . it 's a well - build man . he too be wear the blue security guard 's uniform . from where he stand , Ben can only see the back of the man 's head . as he move in closer , he can make out the name embroider on the man 's shoulder - it's gary lewis , the former night watchman ! BEN Gary ? the silhouette remain still . BEN ( cont 'd ) Gary ? Ben come a bit closer . his gaze freeze when he realize that Gary be not stand in front of the mirror with he face press against it , but - he be behind the mirror , inside ! Ben step back , terrify . he do not know how to interpret this new phenomenon . Ben gather he courage and return in front of the mirror - knock , knock , knock ... he hit the mirror with he fist , as if it be merely a glass window behind which Gary Lewis be stand , on the other side - no reaction . Ben strike the mirror harder . knock , knock , knock ... the former night watchman turn around slowly towards Ben , revealing he face little by little ... CUT to : 51 int . day - queen apartment 51 knock , knock , knock ... ( continued ) 29 . 51 continued : 51 in he bed , Ben wake up with a jolt - the encounter with gary be a dream . knock , knock , knock ... somebody be knock at he door . Ben get up from the couch - BEN come ... Ben open the door to a ups deliveryman hold out a package - deliveryman Mr. carson ? ( Ben nod ) would you mind signing here , please ? Ben sign for it and take the package . deliveryman ( cont 'd ) you have a nice day , Sir ... Ben shut the door and examine the ups box . he 's not use to get many delivery . he flip it over to see who it be from - the sender be gary lewis ... Ben grab a kitchen knife to open the parcel . he tear away the cardboard and empty out the content onto the live room table - a dozen newspaper clipping land , all mix up , on the table . more or less recent , all the article relate to the department store and the fire that burn it down ... Gary have meticulously cut they out and send they to Ben . but why ? 52 ext . day - mayflower 52 Ben 's car park in front of the fence that enclose the entrance to mayflower . he run into Lorenzo who exit the trailer , ready to go home from work - lorenzo I have just be through the craziest day here ... no kid ! you ex - colleague come to pay we a visit ... BEN what happen ? ( continued ) 30 . 52 continued : 52 lorenzo you know Gary , the guy who be work here before you , the cop find he dead in a subway station in harlem . I never like he too much , but poor guy , he do not deserve to go like that ... BEN do they mention the cause of death ? lorenzo no ... they would not tell I . Lorenzo hand he over the key . lorenzo ( cont 'd ) well , Ben ? I better get go , Mrs. sapelli be wait for I at home . have a good night at work , Ben . oh , and by the way , about that leak , they be send someone over to work at it the beginning of next week . BEN have a good night , Lorenzo . Ben remain stand on the landing of the trailer for a moment , he gaze fix at the department store - the wallet , the dream , and now , on top of everything , the news of gary death ... all these strange coincidence around he predecessor have awoken he curiosity and doubt . BEN want to know ... 53 int . day - night - mayflower entrance hall 53 wide shot of mayflower first floor - in fast motion - from the final hour of day to the fall of night . in the reflection of the mirror , light give way to the darkness ... the beam from the flashlight appear in the distance - determined , Ben cross the entrance hall in the direction of the basement door . he go down - 54 int . night - basement mayflower 54 Ben appear at the bottom of the stair with he flashlight , and follow the subterranean passageway . ( continued ) 31 . 54 continued : 54 suddenly he be strike by a frightening feel of déjà - vu , he be in the very act of reliving he nightmare in detail , step by step - in the darkness , the rat glide peacefully on the water surface . he cross a intersection and , once again - he recognize the half - visible psychiatric Department sign on the tile wall . the beam from he flashlight sweep across the wall and the piping , bring to light , in the distance - the brownish damp-spot . BEN ( to himself ) damn ... what be happen to I ? the moisture have pearle into droplet . slowly , he hand come closer . the wall crumble at the slight touch ... pushed by curiosity , Ben begin to dig a hole in the plaster , just as he have do in he nightmare ... he hear the echoing sound of stream water , come from the other side of the wall . it confirm the existence of a hide room . Ben begin to dig frenetically in the saturate wall , create a large enough open to access the other side - he inspect the interior with he flashlight , revealing - the brick room and in the middle the octagonal room , surrounded by the mirroring wall . he enter . his image be reflect in all direction and multiply into infinity . his dream be forebode . everything be perfectly identical to the nightmare , with the exception of Gary Lewis - the former watchman be not there but ... all of a sudden , behind he , one of ben' duplicate in the infinite reflection turn around to observe he with a ice cold glare ... sense something wrong , Ben turn around . in the silence he face he infinite reflection , all of they identical - or almost ... take a closer look Ben notice one of the duplicate ' face bear a expression slightly different from the other ' . a subtle grin . ( continued ) 32 . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 know that it have be notice by Ben , the " rebel duplicate " turn he face towards Ben , eyeing he with a evil gaze - we can hardly recognize Ben 's image . the duplicate take a step forward from the line of the other reflection and slowly walk towards Ben . instinctively , Ben close he eye in a attempt to make the vision disappear . when he open up he eye again - he evil double rush toward he - Ben step back terrify . CUT to : 55 int . day - coroner' office 55 under the dazzle neon light of the nypd coroner 's premise , Amy be in full swing submit she conclusion on a homicide to the police inspector in charge of the investigation . she be interrupt by somebody who enter the room - there be someone for she at the reception , who insist on see she urgently . Amy excuse herself , remove she examination glove , and exit the autopsy room . we follow she down the corridor as she pass man in police uniform and doctor in white coat , in the endless coming and going between the police station and the hospital . the atmosphere here be highly charge , reflect the excessive activity of this particular department . there be no doubt - we be in New York City . 55a coroner' office lobby - continuous 55 a Amy come to the reception desk . Ben , who clearly have not sleep since the night before , be pace back and forth . amy be you ok ? what 's happen ? what be you do here ? BEN Amy , I need you to do I a favor ... ( continued ) 33 . 55a continued : 55 a amy listen , I be in the middle of work , I do not really have time now . BEN I need you help ... it will not take more than twenty minute . please , Amy ? from he pocket , Ben take out Gary 's driver 's license . he show it to she - BEN ( cont 'd ) you pick up this guy yesterday morning ... I need to take a look at he . it 's very important . amy why do you want to see he ? BEN he use to work at the mayflower as a night watchman , before I replace he . amy where do you get he driver 's license ? BEN I find he wallet in the department store . I need to find out how he die ... amy you be no longer a cop , Ben . this be not you business anymore . BEN he send I a package before he die , with newspaper article about the mayflower ... I think he be try to tell I something ... I do not know he . I have never even meet he , Amy ... I need to figure this out . 56 int . day - morgue 56 the refrigerate compartment bay , contain the corpse , be align along the basement wall . a young doctor escort Ben and Amy down the corridor of the morgue . as he be walk , the doctor flip through the register , in search of a name . ( continued ) 34 . 56 continued : 56 young doctor Gary Lewis ... Gary Lewis ... oh , there he be , 58b ... he slashed he throat ... amy ( to Ben ) there you go ... there 's you answer . you man commit suicide . BEN you know a lot of people who cut they own throat ? young doctor ( interrupt ) well , all I know be that the cop be still investigate this one . that 's why we still have the body . people can be very creative when it come to suicide . I be sure it 's not the craziest thing you have see . the young doctor stop in front of the number 58b . he open the door to the refrigerate compartment bay and pull out the tray carry the corpse , wrap in a white sheet - young doctor ( cont 'd ) Gary Lewis ... he lift the sheet , revealing Gary Lewis ' upper body - Gary 's eye be roll upwards and he throat be wide open . his skin have become translucent , almost purple . his contort corpse be freeze in a deadly expression of profound suffer ... his flesh have start to decompose and putrefy . Ben stare at the body , in search of a hint , a clue , any useful information ... Amy become impatient . amy I have get to get back to work , Ben . they be wait for I upstairs . BEN how ... what do he slit he throat with ? the doctor check the report . young doctor with ... with a piece of mirror . Ben look up . ( continued ) 35 . 56 continued : ( 2 ) 56 young doctor ( cont 'd ) ... he must have smashed it into piece to have something to slash it with ... the doctor , have a smirk on he face - young doctor ( cont 'd ) ... Seven year of bad luck . suddenly , reflect in the stainless - steel door of the compartment bay , Ben see - gary face turn slowly toward he . gary stare directly at he . with a voice from beyond , he deliver a message to BEN - gary ... esssekerrr ... Ben jump out of he skin and back away , terrify . neither Amy nor the doctor see anything , of course . they gaze at he with a puzzle look - amy be you ok , Ben ? what 's go on ? Ben look at the corpse and its reflection again - Gary be freeze in the same contort position , as if nothing ever happen . BEN ( come to he sense ) I need to see he file ... amy what ? Ben raise he voice . BEN I need to see he file ! amy come on , Ben , what be it you be after ? I be not suppose to show you any file ... you be not even allow to be here . I could get fire for this . the doctor sense that the conversation be take on a more personal turn . young doctor well , I will be off . Amy , you know where to find I if you need I . Amy be leave alone with ben. ( continued ) 36 . 56 continued : ( 3 ) 56 amy what be happen to you ? what be all this suppose to mean ? what be go on , Ben ? BEN I will not leave until I see that file . CUT to : 57 int . day - amy office 57 on the shelf , photograph of Michael and Daisy stand next to the medical record and legal - medicine textbooks . sitting behind Amy 's desk , Ben be study Gary Lewis ' file . he flip back and forth through the different document , photograph , and police report . Amy observe he , perplex . we sense that she be concerned about Ben 's strange behavior and over sensitivity . BEN look at this picture ... come and see , Amy . he show she a snapshot take by the police . we see Gary soak in he own blood , the throat slit open . the picture be real , crude . he lie outstretch , face a mirror shattered into several pointy piece , like a spider web . in he hand , Gary still hold the piece of glass that he use to cut himself . BEN ( cont 'd ) look ... amy what !? Ben point to the reflection in the mirror - BEN look at the piece of mirror in he hand . in the reflection of the mirror it 's cover in blood , and look - in reality , it 's clean . not a drop of blood ... amy so what ? BEN do not you find it strange that this mirror do not reflect a exact image of reality ? ( continued ) 37 . 57 continued : 57 amy I can not see the difference . it must be a effect of the angle from which the photograph be take . what be it you be you try to prove ? BEN what if the mirror be show we something different ? amy what ? for Christ 's sake , listen to yourself , Ben ! what be you talk about ? BEN what if the mirror be reflect something that go beyond reality ? amy ( irritate ) ok ... this be way over my head . I do not have time for you barfly theory . Ben realize that he will not succeed in convincing she . not today . BEN thanks for you help ... he 's on he way out , when she hold he back - amy you should go home and get some rest . this guy probably just kill himself because he could not live with himself anymore . it happen to thousand of people , you know ... CUT to : 58 int . day - apartment queen - bathroom 58 the steam have fogge up the mirror of the medicine cabinet . Ben grab a towel and step out of the shower . he watch he blurry reflection . with he finger , on the surface of the fogge mirror , he write - esseker he contemplate the drip letter for a long moment , try to interpret they meaning . ( continued ) 38 . 58 continued : 58 in the end , he wipe off the mirror with he hand , erase the word . Angela be stand behind he in the door open - angela I be off ... Amy call I today , she 's worried about you . what 's happen , Ben ? BEN please , not you ... angela I be you sister , you can talk to I . be it you new job ? that place , the mayflower , have bad vibe . it 's get under you skin . just think about what I tell you ... BEN I make a deal , Angie ... I can not just walk out on they like that . I need this job , I need the money . I be not go to sleep on you couch for the rest of my life ! angela you will not have any trouble find another one . a daytime job , a regular job ... while she 's talk , we see the scene from another point of view - from inside the mirror - as if someone else be listening to they . Angela leave the bathroom . Ben brushes he tooth . he lean over to rinse he mouth , and when he straighten up - it be not he in the reflection of the mirror , but gary lewis who slashes he throat from end to end with a sharp piece of mirror - Ben step back and lose he balance , knock down a shelf . Angela rush into the bathroom - angela ( cont 'd ) what happen Ben ? be you all right ? he refuse she help . BEN leave I alone ... Ben get to he foot and look into the mirror . his reflection be back . everything look normal but - ( continued ) 39 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 when he turn to exit the bathroom , he reflection stays still , watching he ... CUT to : 59 ext . day - gary lewis ' build 59 the sun set behind the harlem skyline . Ben 's oldsmobile pull over in the street - he have decide to pass by Gary Lewis ' old house before he nightshift . he press the doorbell next to Gary Lewis ' name . a old lady answer - BEN Mrs. Lewis ... sorry to bother you ... my name be Ben carson . I work with Gary , at mayflower . could I come up and talk to you for a few minute ? silence . BEN ( cont 'd ) Mrs. Lewis ? mrs . lewis ...5th floor , apartment 3b ... the entrance door of the building open . CUT to : 60 int . day - mrs . lewis ' apartment 60 mrs . lewis be at least 80 year old , and almost blind behind she thick glass . she life alone in the small apartment that she use to share with she grandson . we sense that she be distraught by Gary 's death . mrs . lewis ... my Gary have not sleep at home for three week . at first I figure he have find himself a girlfriend , so I do not worry much about it ... it 's terrible . the policeman tell I that he be live in the street ... they find he body in the subway . why ? he have everything he need here . every morning I would have he breakfast ready when he would come home from work . ( continued ) 40 . 60 continued : 60 BEN do he use any drug ? mrs . lewis Gary ? huh-huh ! never ... he be a good boy . BEN do you notice anything different , the day prior to he leave the house , anything unusual in he behavior ? mrs . lewis oh yes , but that go way back to when he start work at mayflower . BEN what kind of change ? mrs . lewis he do not care much for anything anymore . before , we would sit up and watch television together . but once he start that job as a night watchman , he would spend all he time - off lock up in he room ... BEN sleep ? mrs . lewis he hardly sleep anymore ... he be way too busy ! BEN busy do what ? mrs . lewis that , I do not know ... I never know what he be up to ... she reach for a picture frame on the chest . mrs . lewis ( cont 'd ) look , in this picture he be twelve year old ... BEN be that you stand next to he ? mrs . lewis yes , back in the day ... BEN Mrs. Lewis , I find a note that Gary write . ( more ) ( continued ) 41 . 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 BEN ( cont 'd ) a piece of paper , where he would scribble down the name , esseker ... do that mean anything to you ? mrs . lewis esseker , be that what you be say ? the old lady dwell on it for a moment - mrs . lewis ( cont 'd ) no , that do not mean a thing to I ... she set down the picture frame . BEN May I see he room ? mrs . lewis yes , of course . come , follow I , it 's down the hallway , the door at the very end . Ben follow Mrs. Lewis to she grandson 's room - it look nothing like the room of a fifty - year - old man , but rather like that of a old teenager . from what we can see , Gary grow up in here , and each object recall a stage in he life . everything be clean and in its proper place , it be perfectly tidy . BEN do you mind if I stay in here for a moment ? Mrs. Lewis smile at he . she too , like to gather she thought in Gary 's room . Ben scrutinize the room in search of a clue , a hint that might help he on the esseker lead . he open the drawer and look through the papers - nothing be of any help to he . the only place leave that he have not searched be the walk - in closet , whose half - open door seem to invite he to enter ... what Ben discover inside be beyond anything he could ever have imagine - the closet have be emptied out completely , and mirror cover each and every wall , from the floor to the ceiling ! - it 's a miniature replica of the hide room that Ben discover back in the basement of the department store ... mrs . lewis he would spend hour look at himself ... Mrs. Lewis step up behind he - ( continued ) 42 . 60 continued : ( 3 ) 60 mrs . lewis ( cont 'd ) to look at oneself too much be a sin . a terrible sin . do you know sir in the Garden of eden in order to seduce Eve , Satan do not keep the appearance of a snake ... Satan reproduce the young woman 's trait in such a way that Eve would only see and listen to the image of herself ... as in a mirror . 61 int . night - mayflower 61 night have fall . the department store be calm and silent . we move down each floor to the entrance hall . the basement door be open and , in the darkness , we see the gleam of the flashlight . Ben must be down there . all of a sudden , a loud shriek tear through the silence . there be a woman , somewhere in the store . Ben run up to the entrance hall at full speed . the shriek resound through the department store again . they seem to come from one of the floor above . without hesitation , Ben dash up the stair - he arrive on the second floor and search through all the department . impossible to tell where the cry originate from . he climb up to the third floor . the beam of the flashlight sweep past each nook and dark corner - somewhere in the store , the woman continue to scream and wail to death . BEN ( shouting ) where be you ?!! no answer . Ben go up to the fourth floor . the shriek be hear again , but this time , come from one of the floor below . Ben dash for the lady ' department - BEN ( cont 'd ) stay calm ... i'm coming ! 61a int . night - lady ' department dressing room 61a the scream come closer . Ben pass the counter and enter the dress room - or rather , what be leave of they since the fire . the woman must be in here , hide somewhere . ( continued ) 43 . 61a continued : 61a BEN I be here ma'am ... short of breath , Ben inspect the dress room with he flashlight . the woman seem to have vanish . BEN ( cont 'd ) ma'am ? I be right he ... another shriek be emitted , right next to he . he turn around - no one there . about to leave the dress room , Ben catch sight of a mirror . in the reflection he see the row of empty room - a bloody hand burst out from the last one , accompanied by another piercing screech of pain ! Ben run to it , but find it empty . in the reflection of the mirror , however , the hand be still stretched out toward he ! Ben stop to think - if he can somehow move the mirror to have it face the last booth , he might be able to see what truly happen inside . Ben unhook the mirror . it be way too heavy and bulky to carry . he let it slide down the wall . inch by inch , Ben haul the mirror across the floor . he reach the last dress room - through the reflection in the mirror , he examine the interior of the cubicle . in the dark he catch sight of bare feet stamping against the tile floor . the tear , half - burnt curtain conceal the rest of the body ... with he eye fix on the mirror , Ben walk backward towards the dress room . he be scared of what he be about to discover . he give the curtain a quick yank , revealing - a naked young woman be go into spasm and screeching with pain . despite the absence of real flame , her skin and flesh be roasting , as if she be burning alive from the inside out ! CUT to : black screen ( continued ) 44 . 61a continued : ( 2 ) 61a child voice o.s. Mom ! Mom ! Mom ! 62 int . night - new jersey house 62 we be in the darkness of Daisy and Michael 's bedroom . Michael be terrify and cry out for he mother - michael Mom ! Mom ! Amy swing the door open and turn on the light . amy what be it Michael ? the little boy throw himself into he mother 's arm . Daisy wake up . amy ( cont 'd ) what be it ? do you have a bad dream ? michael there 's a lady scream ... amy where Michael ? Michael point to the mirror wall face the bunk bed . michael there ... in the mirror ... amy no , Michael ... look , there 's nothing there . michael I see she mom . I swear I do . amy it be just a nightmare . it 's late , you have to go back to sleep . I will turn on the night - light , if you want . Amy tuck he into bed and kiss he . before leave the room she plug in the night - light . daisy Mom , can you leave the door open ? amy sure sweetheart ... ok , you two go to sleep now . ( continued ) 45 . 62 continued : 62 Amy leave the room . in he bed , Michael can not stop himself from stare at the dimly light mirror . 63 int . night - amy bedroom 63 Amy go back to she room . the local news play on the tv . she get into bed and turn off the light . she reach for the remote and click the tv off , turn over - the naked burned woman from the store stand still in the reflection of the tv set . the entity watch Amy while she be sleep . once again , the Pov from behind the mirror . ominous , slightly detached and mute . CUT to : 64 ext . night - mayflower 64 Ben secure the padlock of the department store entrance . he walk towards the trailer , while keep a fix eye on the facade of the building . the scene he just witness in the dress room have shake he up . he go inside . through one of the window we see he pick up the phone and dial a number - 65 int . night - apartment queen / intercut int . night - lodge 65 Angela be in the bathroom when the phone start ringing . she turn on the tap of the cast- iron bathtub and go to answer . angela hello ... Ben ? BEN ( o.s. ) sorry I be call you this late . be you sleep ? angela no , no , I just get home from work . what 's wrong ? you sound strange . on the phone , Ben struggle to put he feeling into word - BEN ( o.s. ) do not worry , everything 's ok . ( continued ) 46 . 65 continued : 65 angela be you sure ? BEN ( o.s. ) actually , no . I think maybe I be lose my mind . angela what happen ? BEN ( o.s. ) you be right about the mayflower ... I will quit tomorrow . angela that 's the smart thing to do , Ben . you deserve better than that . you should come back here and get some sleep . BEN ( o.s. ) no , I will wait till the daytime guy get here to tell he . angela be you sure ? BEN ( o.s. ) yeah , sure . see you later , Angie . angela be careful ... Love you . BEN Love you too , sis . she hang up the receiver and stay in the dark for a moment , concerned . the sound of the pour bath bring she back to reality . we follow she into the bathroom . she dip she finger into the water to check the temperature . the bathtub be almost full . Angela undress in front of the medicine cabinet mirror . when she turn around to climb into the hot bath , her reflection remains motionless in the mirror , staring blankly at each of her movement . unaware , Angela soak into she hot bath . the water continue to pour from the tap . Angela shut she eye - it 's be a long day . in the mirror , angela' reflection fix her with a cold glare - ( continued ) 47 . 65 continued : ( 2 ) 65 without a word , Angela 's reflection bring its hand to its face and dig its finger into its mouth . in a sudden jerk , it pull open its jaw - as if she be electrocuted , angela' body contort violently forward . her mouth be deformed , as if a invisible force be wrenching it wide OPEN . in the mirror , her evil double continue to pull OPEN its mouth , suddenly ripping its jaw off with the SOUND of cracking bone and cartilage - at the same instant , in the bathtub , angela have no time to react before she undergoe the same agonizing torture ! the mirror crack by itself . the bathtub overflow with red water spilling out on the white tile bathroom floor . fade to black 66 int . day - apartment queen - the next morning 66 the camera flash illuminate the crime scene . Angela 's body lie afloat in the bathtub . the apartment be entirely flood . two man in police uniform close off a security zone , to keep the intrusive neighbor away . a detective be interrogate a old Puerto rican couple - the downstairs neighbor . they be the one who alert the police , after have notice the water leakage . the old woman explain how " it be raining blood into she live room " ... amongst the police officer and the legal medical squad , we find Larry . he be in charge of the case . lean over the bathtub , Larry examine the visible part of the corpse . Angela 's face be conceal by she own long black hair , float in the murky water . Larry slip on a examination glove , pull up he sleeve and sink he arm into the blood -re bath . he feel around for the chain of the plug in order to drain the bathtub . the water level begin to recede , gradually revealing Angela 's naked corpse . with the tip of he finger , Larry lift away the few strand of hair cover Angela 's face - ( continued ) 48 . 66 continued : 66 taken by surprise , he step back from the horrifying sight of this jaw - less face . Larry remove he glove , wipe off he bloody arm and start to leave the bathroom when something else catch he attention - he come closer to the spiderweb crack medicine cabinet mirror . a tiny drop of blood be drip from one of the crack . strange . a dark silhouette pass behind he in the reflection . he turn immediately - the bloody bathroom be still and silent . Angela 's destroy body lie in the empty bathtub . a police inspector in the next room , call out to he - police inspector o.s. Larry ? take a look at this ... larry what be it ? police inspector o.s. come take a look for yourself . Larry exit the bathroom . the police inspector in the live room hold a picture frame in he hand . he turn towards Larry - police inspector look ... be not Ben carson in the picture ? CUT to : 67 int . day - police station - interrogation room 67 still wear he uniform , Ben be sit alone in one of the interrogation room of the police station . his haggard face express great grief . his sister 's death have leave he distraught . he fiddle with a empty plastic cup in he hand . the classic two - way mirror face he , throw back he reflection . Ben know that he be be watch . behind the two - way mirror , Amy observe he . Larry be stand next to she . larry the water have obliterate most of the mark . no trace of struggle or break entry , the entrance door be lock . ( more ) ( continued ) 49 . 67 continued : 67 larry ( cont 'd ) the person who do this must have have the key to she apartment , or otherwise it be somebody she know ... amy he would never have laid a finger on she . when they father die , Ben take care of he sister . Angela mean the world to he . larry listen , so far , he statement be pretty consistent with the fact ... we check it out , he do place a call from work at 12:30 , and the woman 's downstairs neighbor claim they start notice the water leakage at around two in the morning . the daytime security guard , Lorenzo sappeli , confirm he come on after Ben 's shift at seven a.m . the only strange thing , and it may just be a coincidence , be that Ben tell sappeli that he have decide to quit he job , as if he be plan to go away somewhere ... do he mention anything about it to you ? amy no , lately , communication have not quite be we strong point ... ( she smile ) I only find out yesterday that he be stay at he sister 's . what be you go to do with he ? larry I figure we will let he go . at this point we have not get any real reason to keep he here . and , I think he 's have he share for the day . amy you know what 's gonna happen if you let he go . he will not stop here . I know he , he will not stop until he find who do this to she . larry listen , where we stand now , we get nothing , not a single clue . I be sure he can help we . amy what kind of friend be you ? you be use he . he 's not a cop anymore . ( continued ) 50 . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 larry he 's still the best one I know , even if he 's one of the suspect . Amy come closer to the two - way mirror . she look at she ex - husband on the other side . he seem overcome with grief and confusion . she can see the distress in he eye . larry ( cont 'd ) try to keep a eye on he . CUT to : 68 ext . day - police station 68 Ben have be release . under the pour rain , on the front step of the police station , Amy try to reason with he - amy you have to see someone Ben . you can not stay in this situation any longer . you need help , psychological support . Ben be not listen . his mind be elsewhere . amy ( cont 'd ) why do not you ... if you want ... come spend a few day at home , with the kid ? BEN no , I do not want to put they in any danger . amy what do you mean ? BEN I have get thing I need to deal with . amy Ben , look at I ! I do not want you to get into any trouble . think about Daisy and Michael . you be not go to solve this case . please , stay out of it . BEN she ask I to quit and they get to she ... amy what ? who be you talk about ? ( continued ) 51 . 68 continued : 68 BEN I know who do this Amy . amy in that case , you have to tell they everything . BEN they would not believe I and neither would you ... Goodbye . Ben walk away , leave Amy alone on the step of the police station amy Ben , wait ... Ben do not turn around . the rain be beat down harder and the thunder grumble in the distance . the first lightning flash light up the sky . another flash - 68a - queen apartment - 68a Ben ignore the crime scene 's restriction perimeter and enter Angela 's apartment . without turn on the light , he go straight for a leather pouch stashed among he cardboard box . Inside - a .357 magnum , he former cop weapon . another flash - 69 ext . night - mayflower 69 the lightning bolt illuminate the facade of the department store . Ben 's car be park in front of the construction fence . 70 int . night - mayflower 70 the rainwater pour through the opening in the roof , penetrate the interior of the desert department store . it dribble down the crack wall and over the half - burnt mannequin ... 71 int . night - mayflower basement - mirror room 71 we hear the echo of the roaring thunder outside , but in the gloom of the flood basement , there be another blaring sound - ( continued ) 52 . 71 continued : 71 a dull metallic thud . it get louder and louder , closer and closer as we advance towards the open to the mirror room - Inside , we find Ben , out of he mind , throw a chair against the mirror with all he strength , in a attempt to demolish they - he 's exhaust and he 's force to stop . not a single shard of glass , not even a scratch , the mirror seem completely indestructible ... Ben be not through with they . he drop the chair to the ground and pull out the gun from he belt . without a moment 's hesitation he open fire - the mirror shatter violently , cracking with the powerful impact of the bullet . in the spiderweb - crack mirror , he image be deform . have find a weak spot , Ben savor he sweet victory when , suddenly , something inconceivable unfold before he very eye - the bullet impact dissolve as if by magic and the mirror be reconstituted ! Ben 's shock and disbelief give way to rage . he fire , in a fury , empty the entire clip this time - again , the bullet hole vanish , leave Ben alone , face to face with he own reflection . he break down nervously - BEN why do you do it ? why ? why did you have to kill her ? silence . BEN ( cont 'd ) what be it you want ? what do you want from I ? answer I ! what be it you want ?! suddenly , one after the other , letter , start appear in one of the mirror , as if a invisible finger be trace they in the dust - rekesse Ben turn around , and in the reflection of the opposite mirror he recognize the invert word - the same word he find on the note in Gary 's wallet , the word Ben himself have trace in he bathroom mirror - ( continued ) 53 . 71 continued : ( 2 ) 71 esseker CUT to : 72 int . night - queen apartment 72 back in the queen apartment , Ben still have not get any sleep . on the wall , he be assemble all the newspaper clipping , article and photograph that Gary send he . each and every mirror in Angela 's apartment have be cover with sheet , blanket , old rag - anything he could find to neutralize the reflective surface . with the phone cradle between he ear and shoulder he be in the middle of a heat conversation - BEN ... look up esseker ... yes , echo , Sierra , Sierra , echo , kilo , echo , Romeo ... esseker . no idea , my guess be that it 's a name ... no , I have not get a first name . yes , in New York . over the past five or six year . I know it 's hazy but that 's all I have get . I already look it up in the phone book . I also call someone at the IRS and at the dmv , but nothing there . it 's very important Larry . you will call I back ? ok ... Ben hang up the phone and remain in front of the wall cover with clipping for a moment . now he can have a clear overview of Gary 's investigative research . all the article date back approximately to the same period and be all related to the fire that ravage mayflower five year ago . but not a hint of esseker . Ben study the newspaper clipping , try to piece the story together - " deadly Fire at mayflower - 29 dead and 78 wounded " " brutal massacre - mother and she three daughter slaughter ... " " ... the child , drown , in the bathtub ... " " ... the throat slit open ... " " mayflower 's security guard take in for question ... " ( continued ) 54 . 72 continued : 72 " the night watchman confess to set the fire but firmly deny the accusation of murdering he family ... " " terrence Berry confess but claim the mirror be guilty - the security guard at mayflower finally confess . he start the fire in the department store with the intention of destroy the mirror , responsible , accord to he , for the death of he wife and three daughter . " Ben observe terrence Berry 's face in one of the archive photograph . he look like a perfectly normal guy , rather kind , surely he be a good father ... Ben can not help but empathize with he . as he look up , Ben catch a glimpse of he reflection in the window - what if he too lose he mind and go on to slaughter he family ? or what if the mirror would do it ? the phone ring - BEN ( cont 'd ) yes , so , what would you find out ? nothing under that name ? shit , shit , shit , shit ... can you look up Berry , terrence Berry ... Ben hold on the line , for a moment . BEN ( cont 'd ) ... get anything ? great ... no , I already know all that . be he still alive ? no ... can you find out where he be commit before he death ? wait , I be write it down ... Ben sit down on the bed and scribbles down the address on a piece of paper . BEN ( cont 'd ) ... Roosevelt psychiatric detention Center ... yeah , I know where it be . thanks . he hang up the phone . under the blanket , next to he , he spot the T-shirt that he sister be wear the other night . the pain be too strong . he cannot hold back he tear anymore and start cry . CUT to : 55 . 73 int . day - new jersey house - kitchen 73 the next morning - heavy -ey and sleepy , Michael be hypnotize in front of the weather forecast on tv . the hot chocolate set in front of he be get cold . his sister Daisy pour herself some more orange juice . Amy , shaking a box of cereal , interrupt the little boy in he dream state - amy do you want the cereal in you hot chocolate or in a separate bowl ? the little boy do not answer . amy ( cont 'd ) Michael ? michael in the chocolate ... amy ... in the chocolate , please , mom ... michael ( repeat after she ) ... please , mom . she pour the cereal in he hot chocolate . daisy yuck , that 's gross , how can you eat that ? amy come on , come on , let 's get go , or you be go to be late for school . Michael begin to eat he breakfast , he gaze still fix on the weatherman 's forecast on tv . as Amy fill the cat 's bowl with pellet , Tiger rush over to join the rest of the family . daisy Mom ? amy what be it sweetheart ? daisy do you know that Michael have a new friend ? ( continued ) 56 . 73 continued : 73 michael no , that 's not true ! amy really , what 's he name ? michael ( to he sister ) you promise not to tell . amy do he go to you school ? Michael do not answer . Daisy shake she head . amy ( cont 'd ) ( pretend to be indifferent ) very well . if you do not want to tell I about it ... the little boy stay quiet . michael he do not want I to talk about he . Amy suddenly become more concerned and sit down next to Michael - amy why do not he want you to talk about he ? be he a grow up ? michael no ... amy so , he 's a little boy you age , then ? Michael give a reluctant nod . Amy be reassure . he finish he mug of cereal and go to place it in the sink . Amy give Daisy a question look - amy ( cont 'd ) ( to Michael ) do he live in we street ? be it one of we neighbor ? Michael remain silent and Daisy answer for he - daisy he life in the mirror in we room . Daisy burst out laugh ... Michael glare back at she , furious . puzzle , Amy reflect briefly on Daisy 's remark - ( continued ) 57 . 73 continued : ( 2 ) 73 amy be it you father who tell you that ? Michael remain silent . amy ( cont 'd ) Michael , answer I . do you father talk to you about the mirror ? michael no mommy . Amy question he with she eye . Michael lower he . amy ok ... come on , come on guy , let 's get we tooth brush , and we coat on . the first one in the car be the winner . the two kid dash up the stair . Amy be leave alone to clean up breakfast . she cast a glance at the front hall mirror . Daisy 's comment linger in she thought . dress in they coat , Michael and Daisy come run down the stair and rush out of the house ... Amy exit the house . the car drive away . Daisy 's cat leap onto the kitchen table and direct he gaze to the mirror - for no apparent reason , the cat suddenly stiffen into a position of defense . he bristle he coat and hiss and spit toward he reflection in the mirror . CUT to : 74 ext . day - roosevelt psychiatric detention CENTER 74 Wide shot - the high security psychiatric hospital stand under a leaden sky - dr . morris ( v.o. ) you know , Mr. carson , when one start to perceive one 's own reflection as a completely separate be , one be suddenly confront with two entirely separate ego , two entirely separate world that can surface at any give moment - 58 . 75 int . day - roosevelt psychiatric detention CENTER 75 dr . morris , the doctor who have once be in charge of terrence Berry , escort Ben down the corridor - dr . morris a feel of self - hatred , generally trigger by a psychological shock can split the personality in two , hence create two or more personality with distinct memory or behavior pattern within the same individual . the patient then have a faulty perception of the existence of two distinct world , which be principally the " real " word , and the world " inside the mirror " . the two man pass a number of guard and security check - point as they head down towards the hospital 's film and video archive - BEN do you consider terrence innocent ? Dr. Morris swipe he magnetic card through the electronic device , unlock the door to the archive . dr . morris in my opinion , he be convinced that he be tell the truth when he claim he do not kill he family . I too be convinced that when it happen , terrence be not himself , but rather he double , he mirror image , one might say . he enter the archive , follow by ben- 76 int . day - archive - roosevelt psychiatric detention CENTER 76 Dr. Morris ' finger glide across several dv - tape date 2001 in search of one particular tape - dr . morris this recording be from terrence 's trial . you will find that they speak for themselves . he push the tape into the deck . a grainy picture appear on the screen - we discover terrence berry , sit behind a desk . his hand be cuffed . facing he , dr . morris be lead the cross-examination . ( continued ) 59 . 76 continued : 76 terrence be tense and uncomfortable . he keep he face down , never look into the camera . despite having survive the FIRE , terrence's face be nonetheless disfigure by third degree burn . he no longer have facial feature , and he struggle with he speech . dr . morris ( cont 'd ) why do you set the department store on fire ? terrence in order to ... to destroy the mirror . only fire can destroy a mirror , be not that right , Doctor ? dr . morris what make you think you absolutely have to destroy that mirror , terrence ? terrence remain silent . Dr. Morris repeat he question - dr . morris ( cont 'd ) what make you want to destroy that mirror , terrence ? terrence they kill helen and my three little girl ... dr . morris for what reason ? why would mirror want to kill you family ? terrence because I do not ... terrence break out in tear . dr . morris do not do what ? with he eye fix on the video monitor , deep inside , Ben already know the answer that terrence be about to give ... terrence they ask I to find esseker ... like they do with the other ... dr . morris who be the other you be talk about ? terrence I be not the first one they ask ... ( continued ) 60 . 76 continued : ( 2 ) 76 dr . morris and what happen ? terrence I do not succeed . I do not succeed in find esseker ... Ben realize that he 's in the exact same situation - BEN Amy ... ( to Dr. Morris ) I have to go . he stand to leave . the monitor keep play the old footage - dr . morris tell I about esseker , terrence . terrence do not speak . dr . morris ( cont 'd ) who be esseker , terrence ? suddenly , terrence 's behavior shift to another extreme . he stand up , and fly into a rage , he become brutal and hysterical - terrence I don't know who esseker be ! I don't know who esseker be , I don't know !! terrence become uncontrollable . he wreck the folder lie on the desk and throw himself , head first , against a wall mirror that shatter to piece . CUT to : 77 ext . day - STREET - new jersey house 77 Ben 's car come to a screeching halt in front of he old house . Ben rush inside . 78 int . day - new jersey house - continuity 78 he be beside himself . after see the video footage on terrence , he have be strike with fear and panic for he family - before the perplex gaze of Rosa and he child , Ben agitatedly come and go in the hallway of the second floor . he be remove the mirror from each and every room . he tear away the bathroom mirror , unhook the one in the far end of the hallway , and remove some from Amy 's room ... ( continued ) 61 . 78 continued : 78 Rosa fear more and more for the child and take they under she protective arm . Amy be not back yet . the only mirror leave that Ben can not remove , be the one in the child 's room . he rush down to the basement and come back with a bucket of old paint . he immediately begin to paint the wall mirror in order to neutralize its reflection . daisy what be you do dad ? BEN do not worry , there 's nothing wrong . everything be ok ... daisy but why be you do that ? BEN I be do it to protect you . 79 ext . day new jersey house - continuity 79 at the same time , Amy 's car pull up in front of the house . as soon as she see the front door open , and the mirror laid out on the landing of the front step , Amy rush into the house , panic-stricken . 80 int . day - new jersey house - continuity 80 she race up the stair to the second floor , barging into the child 's room where Ben be painting the mirror . she signal Rosa to take the kid out . amy do you mind tell I what the hell you be do ? focus and determine , Ben do not answer she question . amy ( cont 'd ) ben! BEN look Amy , you have get to trust I , I know what I be do ... it 's for you own good . amy I want you to stop what you be do and get out of we house right now . ( more ) ( continued ) 62 . 80 continued : 80 amy ( cont 'd ) you be scare the kid act like this . Ben continue to paint the mirror . amy ( cont 'd ) if you do not leave immediately , I be go to call the police , Ben , and I warn you , you will never see you child again . do you understand what I be say ? Ben stop - BEN you have to trust I Amy , I be not completely crazy ... this mirror be dangerous . at first , I think it be only the one at the store , but now I know they can get you anywhere . they get Angela ... I promise I will leave the house once I have take they all down . amy do you realize what you be say , Ben ? what be wrong with you ? I know that what you be go through be not easy . Angela be a part of we life too , but you have no right to do this to we ... ever since you obsession with this damn mirror the kid be scared to death . you son have nightmare . he 's scared Ben ... you behavior be start to rub off on he . he 's only 5 year old ... and I have to protect he . Ben can see that she be very upset about the situation . he set down the paint bucket on the floor - BEN come Amy , come with I , I want to show you something . he lead she back down , through the first floor , and out on the front step of the house - 81 ext . day - new jersey house - continuity 81 BEN look , you will see ... Ben pull he Magnum out of he belt and point the gun at one of the mirror he have drag outside . Amy step back , terrify - ( continued ) 63 . 81 continued : 81 amy what be you do with that gun ... put it down , BEN ... put it down right now ! without a moment 's hesitation , Ben open fire . the mirror shatter to piece - amy ( cont 'd ) be you crazy BEN ? have you gone completely mad ? Ben smile , all excited - BEN wait , look , you will see ... through the front window , Daisy and Michael witness the scene - amy see what , BEN ?! what am I supposed to see ?! Ben keep a pierce gaze as the bullet impact the mirror , wait for the magic to do its trick and for the crack to dissolve again - but nothing happens . the crack remain , in a spider web pattern . behind the front door , Ben notice Michael , watch he , in tear . without any evidence , Ben be in over he head . BEN but ... I swear to you I ... I see ... Amy ... the neighbor , alert by the blast of the gun , come out of they house to find out what have happen . Ben stand alone , look like a mad man ... Amy hold back she tear and try to stay in control - amy get out ... now ! I do not ever want to see you here again , Ben . and I will have the lawyer make sure the same go for the kid . you be insane , Ben , and dangerous ... you have get to get help . with gun in hand , Ben walk away , dismay , as he gradually become aware of the situation he have just create . he enter he car and drive off at top speed . 64 . 82 ext / int . day - road - ben' car 82 Ben drive nervously . he feel guilty about he conduct in front of the child . a thousand thought rush through he head , leave he in a utter state of confusion . he do not know what to do nor what to think anymore . Ben reach for he cell phone and dial Larry 's number - BEN hello , Larry ? it 's I ... I be go to need you help again - larry ( o.s. ) come on , Ben ... for Christ 's sake ! what be you do ? BEN mayflower use to be a hospital before it become a department store . St. John 's Hospital . do you have any idea where all the medical record could have end up after it close down ? larry ( o.s. ) how be I suppose to know that ?! BEN go to the city hall archive ... they must have something consider it be a public hospital . larry ( o.s. ) I have get other thing to do . I can not go to City Hall today . I have - BEN Larry , Larry stop it ... if I could go myself , I would not be ask you . go to the City Hall archive , and ask they to look up esseker among the former patient . please . larry ( o.s. ) Ben , for god 's sake , what be you try to prove ? BEN please , do it for I . larry ( o.s. ) you know you be a real pain in the ass . ( continued ) 65 . 82 continued : 82 BEN talk to you later . Ben hang up . he glance back at the rear view mirror and see angela' corpse , sitting on the back seat ! startle , he lose control of the vehicle . a truck approach at full speed in the opposite lane . he barely avoid the collision . two other car appear . Ben zigzag in and out , just barely avoid a fatal crash . he stop along the edge of the road . Ben close he eye and rest he head against the steering wheel in a attempt to clear he mind . he look up into the rear - view mirror again - angela' reflection be still there . behind she long black hair , she fix he with a milky gaze . Ben fly into a rage . he smashes the rear - view mirror with he bare fist , reducing it to scrap ... Ben be alone and lose . BEN ( cont 'd ) what have I do ? I do not understand ... what have I do ? insert on what be write on the side rear-view mirror - " object in mirror be closer than they appear " 83 ext . night - manhattan STREET - nypd police station 83 under the pour rain , the police patrol car come and go in front of the police station . a bit further away we recognize Ben 's oldsmobile , park on a adjacent street . Ben be wait inside . a man approach , knock on the car window and enter the vehicle . it 's larry - the rainwater drip down he raincoat . under he arm he hold a file of document , wrap in a plastic bag . larry this ought to make you happy ... ( hand he the file ) Anna esseker ... ( continued ) 66 . 83 continued : 83 Ben nervously tear open the plastic wrapping - larry ( cont 'd ) I be not quite sure what you need , so I get all of she medical record . BEN perfect , Larry . that 's perfect . Ben skim through the page . he cannot believe that he have finally discover who esseker be ... larry everyone 's real edgy up there . you be still a fuckin ' murder suspect . people be wonder why I let you out . you have to tell I more . what do the history of the mayflower have to do with the death of you sister ? BEN I do not know exactly . I can not tell you , but some really fuck up thing start happen to I when I take the job over there . nothing make any sense to I either but I have to follow my instinct . Larry notice the break rear-view mirror - larry what happen ? do you have a accident ? Ben be too absorb in the record . he do not answer . BEN Anna esseker ... where do you find she file ? do you go to City Hall ? larry no , you be wrong about that , they have nothing . all the medical record from St. John 's Hospital be still up there with the unclassify case . Ben squint at he . larry ( cont 'd ) she be a patient at St. John 's in the psych ward run by a Dr. kane , between March and September 1952 . she be only twelve year old when she die ... Ben freeze - ( continued ) 67 . 83 continued : ( 2 ) 83 BEN what ? larry when the nurse go on they round , first thing on the morning of October 6th , they discover that all the patient have leave they room during the night and gather in the main room . all of they be dead , include the girl . apparently , they have kill one another ... a slaughter house ... after that they shut down the place . nobody ever find out what really happen . BEN what about the doctor ? Dr. kane ? larry he be arrest . they find he dead on the first day of he hearing . he have slit he wrist with a piece of he cell mirror ! CUT to : 84 int . night - queen build - entrance hall 84 Ben head home with the file contain Anna 's medical record . he walk through the lobby of he building . 85 omitted 85 86 int . night - queen apartment 86 Angela 's apartment be plunge in total darkness - Ben lay Anna esseker 's file on the coffee table and aim the desk lamp at he " research corner " on the wall . he turn the lamp back at the file and sit down to study it . why be the mirror asking for anna if she' already dead ? why ? it doesn't make any sense ... on a index card fill in by Anna 's parent in September 1952 , Ben find a Pennsylvania home address . Dr. kane 's first diagnosis be irrevocable - " despite she young age , Anna esseker suffer from severe schizophrenia , lead to withdrawal from reality , delusional and violent behavior . " ( continued ) 68 . 86 continued : 86 he shuffles through the first few page of various administrative document . his eye land on several photograph of Anna take at the time she be admit to the hospital - she be just a child , yet , six male nurse be need to restrain and immobilize she in front of the photographer . her face be hardly discernible as she struggle like a wild animal . a high -pitch sound of crack glass be hear from behind . Ben turn around - another loud crack - it come from one of the cover mirror in the apartment . Ben rise slowly to he foot and come closer . he remove the sheet hang on the frame - a crack have appear in the upper corner of the mirror . Ben cast he eye over the reflection . his glance come to rest on Anna 's file lay on the desk - he go to fetch the photograph of the little girl and present it to the mirror - kraaaaack - the crack in the mirror spread , as if some kind of pressure be apply on the other side of the mirror as a reaction to the photograph ... BEN you be still alive , be not you ? all of a sudden , Ben realize something . he run back to the file on the table and go through the document again , one by one . he stop on a carbon copy of a hospital release form and check the date . BEN ( cont 'd ) you be wrong Larry , you be wrong ... his eye light up - BEN ( cont 'd ) ... she leave the hospital on the 4th . accord to the document , Anna leave two day before the massacre ! CUT to : 87 int . - day - new jersey house 87 the next morning - ( continued ) 69 . 87 continued : 87 through the half - open door at the end of the hallway , we see Daisy brush she tooth before go to school . the little girl be hum as she watch herself in the mirror ... Amy come out of she room - amy come on , come on ... let 's go ... Daisy , Michael ? she pass in front of the child 's room and stop - inside , michael be talking to somebody . Amy listen closely , but she can only hear Michael 's voice . on the other side of the door , the little boy burst out in laughter - 88 int . day - children' room 88 she open the door and find she son squatting in front of the mirror , talk to he own reflection . amy what be you do Michael ? come on , we be go to be late . the little boy do as he mother say . he get up and dash out of the room . Amy 's glance freeze in horror . terrify , she almost lose she balance - michael' reflection be still in the mirror , sitting in a squatting position ! he look at amy with a big smile . Amy attempt to speak but can not - the mirror image of she son remain silent . Amy step closer to the mirror and , in the reflection , behind the boy , she discover - her mirror image be there too , bear the same forced grin ... CUT to : 89 int . day - queen apartment 89 the phone ring . Ben wake up in a jolt and pick it up - amy be on the other end of the line , in tear . BEN Amy ? what 's wrong ? ( continued ) 70 . 89 continued : 89 amy o.s. ... you have to come over ... right away ... BEN what ? Amy can not get the word out . the convulsive sob overtake she voice . amy o.s. I be so scared , Ben ... BEN what 's happen ? amy o.s. there 's something in the house ... something in the mirror . BEN where be Daisy and Michael ? be the kid all right ? amy o.s. they be with I ... they be right here with I . come over , please ! BEN get out of the house . I will be right over ... 90 ext . day - queen ' STREET 90 Ben run to he car and throw the esseker file on the passenger seat . he drive off at full speed and disappear at the far end of the road . CUT to : 91 ext / int . day - mayflower 91 on 38th Street , away from the hustle and bustle of Broadway , the mayflower facade be unsettle and disturbing . amidst the ruins of the deserted department store , the mirror be waiting patiently for there time to come ... 92 ext . day - new jersey house 92 when he arrive , Ben find he wife wait in front of the house . the kid be play in the snow . Ben 's car pull up in the driveway . ( continued ) 71 . 92 continued : 92 Amy throw herself into he arm , cry with relief . BEN I be right here , Amy . I be here now ... thank god you be alright . Ben comfort she , hold she tightly with all he strength . amy we can not stay here , we have to leave the house now ... we can go to my mother 's or to a hotel ... BEN anyplace be gonna have mirror or window ... anything you can see you self in be dangerous . we have to make the house safe . the only way be to cover all the reflection . if we keep they in the dark we can avoid they . we need paint , we need tape ... CUT to : 93 int . day - new jersey house - a moment later 93 Ben have bring up some more paint from the basement . with Amy 's help he paint over all the mirror in the house . in the face of this hardship , all the argument seem far away . we can feel a connection between the two of they . the windowpane and picture frame have be wrap securely with newspaper and tape . every inch of reflective surface in the house , such as the tv - screen and the shiny tap , have be " neutralize " with strip of mask tape ... in no time , there be not a single surface capable of reflecting light left in the house . CUT to : 94 ext . day - new jersey house 94 the front door of the house open . on the landing of the front step , Ben kiss Daisy goodbye . daisy when will you be back , dad ? ( continued ) 72 . 94 continued : 94 BEN as quickly as I can , sweetheart . I promise . he kiss Michael who hug he back - michael I love you , dad . he stroke Michael gently on the head and go to he car . Daisy and Michael watch they father leave . Amy walk he to the vehicle - amy what if you do not find she ? maybe she do not live there anymore ? maybe she 's really dead . BEN they want she , I be gonna find she wherever she be . we do not have any other choice . Ben hold she tightly in he arm and plant a tender kiss on she forehead . BEN ( cont 'd ) I be sorry about everything I have put you through ... I do not want to ... Amy interrupt he . amy I know . Ben get into the car . BEN Amy , I want you to stay here with the kid until all this be over . all the mirror be cover , there 's no more danger . I will come back as soon as I can . tear well up in Amy 's eye . he take she hand - BEN ( cont 'd ) hey baby , everything 's gonna be fine . I love you . she smile tenderly . Ben drive off . 73 . 95 int . day - ben' car 95 through the back window , we see Amy in front of the house , grow more and more distant . Anna 's medical file lie open on the passenger seat - at the top of the page we can read she old address in Pennsylvania . 96 ext . day - road 96 - aerial shot - we fly over a lake - the water be so placid that the forest and outline of the scenery surround it reflect off its surface , create two perfectly symmetrical landscape . we glide over the treetop , diving deeper into the forest , to follow the main road that zigzag along the slope of the hill . 97 dissolve to : 97 98 int . day - ben' car 98 a sign on the edge of the road indicate 67 mile to Pennsylvania . Ben focus on the road , determine to put a end to what hide behind the mirror and to rescue he family . 98a omitted 98a 99 ext . day - country road 99 Ben 's car slow down as he reach a dirt road . on one of the mailbox stand on the edge of the road he spot the name esseker - 100 ext . day - esseker farmhouse 100 the wind blow over the land . in the winter season , the muddy field have little to offer to the few starve crow fly over they . a feel of desolation and solitude hang over the desert landscape . Ben 's car have leave the asphalt road behind , drive through the countryside down a wind dirt road . ( continued ) 74 . 100 continued : 100 a old farmhouse stand at the very end of the path . if it be not for the park pick - up truck and the few piglet run wild , one would think that the farmhouse be abandon . Ben get out of the car and go to knock on the door . his shoe sink into the mud . he walk up the step of the porch and peek inside the house through the front window . in the dark he discern the silhouette of a person who be watch tv . he can not help but notice all the mirror have be cover or turn towards the wall . a big dog bark behind the window . Ben step back , surprised . the front door open before Ben have even make he presence know . a young man stare at he in silence . BEN hello ... be this the esseker farmhouse ? the young man nod . a woman 's voice be hear from inside - woman' voice what be it Jimmy ? jimmy I do not know mom. ( to Ben ) what can I do for you sir ? BEN I be look for Anna , Anna esseker . the young man look at Ben questioningly . apparently he have never hear the name before . jimmy ( to he mother inside ) there 's a man who 's look for ... ( back to Ben ) you say Anna ? ( Ben confirm ) Anna esseker , Mom ! Jimmy 's mother , in she fifty , a obese woman who have trouble move around - show up in the open of the door - jimmy mother what be it you want with Anna esseker ? she catch he unaware . Ben make up a false identity - ( continued ) 75 . 100 continued : ( 2 ) 100 BEN I huh ... I be do some research for a book on the history of St. John 's Hospital , in New York ... Jimmy 's mother stare at he for a moment with a suspicious look - jimmy mother Jimmy , go tell grandpa that there 's a man here who would like to talk to he about he sister . 101 int . day - farmhouse basement 101 we be in the dark basement , under the farmhouse . the door to the first floor open , let the light in . Ben appear next to the silhouette of a old man- ROBERT esseker , 80 year old , Anna 's elder brother . Robert walk down the step , signal Ben to follow he - ROBERT you know , up to this day , the vision of Anna 's fit still haunt I at night . they walk through the basement towards a old wooden door . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) I help my father fix up this part of the basement , especially for she - the old man turn the key in the padlock . slowly , the door swing open , revealing - ROBERT ( cont 'd ) her fit be too violent . my mother could not take she scream anymore . what 's leave of a very primitive child 's room , surrounded by double wire fencing and iron bar . Rather than a cell , it more resemble a human - size cage , capable of resisting the most ferocious beast . as he 's talk , image flash on screen - painful memory from that time come back to he - Anna be carry to the basement , she innocent eye full of hate . it 's even hard to recognize the face of a little girl . her howling scream . her nail digging into she own flesh . her unnatural strength and the violent thrashing of she arm and leg . ( continued ) 76 . 101 continued : 101 ROBERT ( cont 'd ) we have every priest , doctor , healer , come from all over the state , one after the other . but no one could help she . Ben come closer to the iron bar of the cage . he can see Anna 's scratch mark next to the bed , give he imagination a taste of she plight and suffer . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) finally , Dr. kane from New York answer my parent ' cry for help . he reject the idea of demonic possession , say he do not believe in it . he be convinced that Anna suffer from a rare form of personality disorder . he want Anna under he care , at St. john' . my parent be very poor , but he agree to cover all the hospital cost ... in less than five month , Dr. kane have cure Anna . it be unbelievable . she be she old self again . a real miracle of science . BEN and after the hospital ? ROBERT you do not know ? she die there with all of kane 's other patient . Ben take the old release form out of he pocket and show it to Robert . BEN Anna leave the hospital two day before the massacre . kane change the record to make she disappear . ROBERT you be not a journalist , be you ? what do you want ? BEN I want to know . after St. John 's , where do she go ? Robert stare at Ben , unsure of say what he 's about to reveal to this perfect stranger - ROBERT Anna come back to live with we for a while ... ( continued ) 77 . 101 continued : ( 2 ) 101 BEN for a while ? Robert lower he eye . BEN ( cont 'd ) and after ? why do she leave ? ROBERT because ... because strange thing start to happen in the house ... BEN with Anna ? ROBERT no , not with Anna ... the old man obviously do not want to get into the detail . the memory be too painful . BEN with the mirror ? Robert stiffen , eyeing Ben with a dark look - how do he know ? BEN ( cont 'd ) Mr. esseker , tell I where I can find you sister . it 's very important . it 's a matter of life and death . Robert hesitates - ROBERT before he die , kane send we a letter ask we to keep Anna away from mirror and that whatever happen she should be in a place where the mirror could never find she . BEN where be she now ? ROBERT to protect we , she leave the house and join the monastic order , where mirror be forbidden ... St. Augustine 's monastery , on the road to midwich . 102 ext . day - esseker farmhouse 102 Ben 's car do a one - eighty turn in front of the farmhouse , head back to the main road . ( continued ) 78 . 102 continued : 102 stand on the porch , with a anxious look on he face , Robert watch he disappear in the distance . he sit down on the step , and wipe he glass . the crow fly low in the sky - it 's a bad sign . CUT to : 103 ext . day - midwich monastery 103 the nun come and go under the arch of the monastic courtyard . a deadly silence prevail over the monastery , where time seem to stand still . all this woman have take vow of poverty , obedience and chastity to serve god . on the other side of the cloister wall , a small wind road zigzag between the pine tree . Ben 's car draw nearer . he park in front of the entrance to the monastery . 104 int . day - midwich monastery vestibule 104 Ben push open the heavy front door . the place be dark and silent . he go to the front desk - behind a wooden screen he can barely make out the two nun in charge of admission . they be the only nun grant exposure to the outside world . for the rest , physical and visual contact be strictly prohibit . sister yes , how can I help you ? BEN hello sister . I have come to visit a member of you community ... sister Anna ? her real name be Anna esseker . sister be she expect you ? BEN no , not really . sister be you a relative ? BEN listen , sister , I must see she . sister if you be not list , I can not help you sir . ( more ) ( continued ) 79 . 104 continued : 104 sister ( cont 'd ) we have strict regulation concern visitation , which be exclusively for family member . BEN please , tell she that I come all the way from New York and that I work with Dr. kane at St. John 's Hospital ... sister wait here for a moment . she stand up and escape through one of the back door . the other nun behind the screen , observe Ben with curiosity . time go by , and Ben grow impatient . 107 int . day - house new jersey 107 Inside the house in Jersey , Amy have isolate herself with the kid in the parent 's bedroom . she 's read they a bedtime story . even if all the window , screen , and tv be cover by newspaper or painting , Amy act in front of Daisy and Michael as if nothing have happen . in the rest of the house , everything have be meticulously cover , wrap , paint or reverse . still , here and there , a barely audible rustle pierce through the silence - in the child 's room , the paint cover the mirror slowly begin to flake off ... the newspaper wrap around the windowpane begin to rip ... the mirror be resisting and attempting to set themselves free . 107a int . day - midwich monastery vestibule 107a Ben be lose he calm . time be run out . the nun reappear behind the wooden screen - sister sister Anna have agree to talk to you , you may proceed to the parlor next door . Ben cross the hall and open the door that the nun gesture he to . he enter the parlor alone . in the spare room , a chair stand by a wooden screen , fencing he off , once again . ( continued ) 80 . 107a continued : 107a behind the screen , a silhouette await he . sister anna St. John 's close down in 1952 . who be you ? Ben sit down . even at a short distance he cannot discern the face of Anna esseker , who be now sister Anna . BEN my name be Benjamin carson . I work as a night watchman at 1229 West 38th Street in New York City , what use to be St. John 's Hospital . sister anna what be it you want Mr. carson ? BEN I need you help . sister anna my help ? I do not quite see how I could possibly be of any help . BEN my wife and child be in danger . what be threaten my family be ask for you ... for a split second , Ben make eye contact with Anna behind the screen . she have understand ... BEN ( cont 'd ) if you do not help I I may lose the only thing that matter to I . sister anna I can not leave the precinct . it 's impossible . BEN tell I why be the mirror from the old hospital so determine to find you ? sister Anna remain silent - BEN ( cont 'd ) I must know , sister . sister anna it be not the wish of the mirror to find I , but of what be imprison inside they . the mirror be merely window on we world ... ( continued ) 81 . 107a continued : ( 2 ) 107a BEN a window ... for what ? for whom ? anna at the time that I be at St. john' , Dr. kane 's therapy for personality disorder consist of lock the patient up in a mirrore room for several day on end , in order to force he to confront he own image . I spend the darkest day of my life in that room . on the 6th day the nurse find I lifeless , almost dead . since that day , I have never have another fit . but deep down inside I have always know the truth . BEN what truth ? anna there be no cure for schizophrenia , it be something else , Mr. carson . and whatever it be , it enter the mirror . we can feel the emotion in she voice . anna ( cont 'd ) I think that after fifty year , this would have all go away . they would have disappear from the mirror . I do not know .... I be sorry but if I agree to go with you and return to that place , I will make it possible for they to cross the threshold back into the real world . everything be now make sense for Ben - BEN it enter with you and they need you to get out . anna the consequence of such a act , Mr. carson , would be more devastating than let they suffer where they be now . I be go to pray for you and you family . that 's all I can do right now , Mr. carson . God bless you ... she stand to leave . ( continued ) 82 . 107a continued : ( 3 ) 107a BEN wait ... please , listen to I - terence Berry , Gary Lewis and many other before I ... that be the people who die try to find you . because they fail , they family die too . my sister be murder two day ago ... my wife and kid will next if you do not come with I . look - from he wallet Ben take out a wrinkle photograph of Michael , as a baby , in Amy 's arm . Daisy stand next to they in the picture . Ben press the photograph against the grate for Anna to look at it . BEN ( cont 'd ) my wife and two child . they be all I have get . they be innocent ... please . Anna stay quiet a moment behind the screen and leave . BEN ( cont 'd ) I know you be scare of go back there . it's easier to keep hiding but this be not the house of GOD anymore . while you're praying people be dying on you time ! Anna do not respond and disappear in the distance . Ben fail . he 's desperate and lose . he have a hard time contain he anger . 105 ext . day - monastery 105 on the horizon , a red sun set behind the treetop . it 's almost nightfall . the bell from the monastery begin to toll . the cross above the monastery reflect upside down in a puddle of rain water . frustrate , Ben walk back to he car and dial he home number on he cell phone - 106 ext . night - new jersey house 106 in the distance , the light of Manhattan sparkle in the night . in the house , all the light be off . all be quiet , too quiet . 83 . 108 int . night - hallway 108 in the hallway , the shiny doorknob lead to Amy 's bedroom be the only reflect surface that have be forget . in the distort reflection , we see Michael 's silhouette approach . the little boy reach for the knob but - in reality , no hand touch it - it's michael' reflection inside the shiny knob that be open the door ! Inside the bedroom , Amy fall asleep with Daisy in she arm . on the bedside table , the home phone start ringing - she wake up with a jolt and pick up the cordless receiver - amy hello ? Ben ... where be you ? do you find she ? do you talk to ... she stop speak as she realize - Daisy be asleep next to she but michael be no longer there . amy ( cont 'd ) Michael ? michael !? ( on the phone ) Ben hold on , Michael be go ... BEN ( o.s. ) what ? amy ( to Ben on the phone ) I do not know , I fall asleep with the kid on the bed and ... she see that the bedroom door be half opened . amy ( cont 'd ) Michael ? the sound of pour water be hear , come from the hallway . Michael must be in the bathroom . BEN ( o.s. ) Amy , what 's go on ? be you alright ? Amy run to the door , waking Daisy up . daisy what be it Mom ? ( continued ) 84 . 108 continued : 108 amy ( to she daughter ) you stay right here sweetheart , I be go to look for you brother . stay right here . ( to Ben on the phone ) Ben , I have to call you back , I have to find Michael ... BEN ( o.s. ) no Amy , stay with I ... 109 int . night - corridor / bathroom - continuity 109 Amy come out of the bedroom and notice that the floor be completely soak . she turn on the light in the hallway , only to discover - the entire upper floor be cover by a inch of water - all the tap in the bathroom be turn on and have transformed the surface of the floor into a large natural mirror ... amy ( to Ben on the phone ) fuck ! there be water everywhere ... Michael ? Michael ? michael ?! Amy freeze when she realize that all the picture frame and all the mirror in the corridor have be scrape , bring the reflect surface , once again , to the light ... amy ( cont 'd ) ( scared ) Ben , someone scrape all the mirror ... there be someone in the house . BEN ( o.s. ) where be Michael ? amy ( panicked ) I do not know where he be . I do not see he . I ... as she turn in the hallway , Amy see a dark shadow moving in one of the mirror . terrify , she step back and hit the opposite wall . she drop the phone on the flood floor - 109a ext . day - monastery 109a at the same moment , Ben , still outside of the monastery , be cut off in he conversation with he wife - ( continued ) 85 . 109a continued : 109 a BEN Amy ? Amy ? answer I ? he try to redial but that do not work . he know something weird be happen there . without hesitation , Ben grab he gun inside the car and walk back towards the monastery gate . 109b - back in the house - 109b unsure of what she see , Amy make a step towards the mirror but only find she own reflection . she pick up the phone - the water short it out ... amy damn it ... cautiously , Amy walk up to the bathroom . amy ( cont 'd ) Michael ? she open the door - the sink and bathtub be fill with water overflow onto the tile floor . Michael be not there . CUT to : 109c int . night - monastery cell 109c a hand enter frame to light some candle . sister Anna be back in she cell . the way she hand shake as she carry the match from one candle to the other betray how upset she be by the confrontation with Ben - it 's be too much time that she 's carry the guilt . she run the rosary nervously between she finger and kneel down in front of she bed to pray when - a loud mute sound follow by a sudden wave of agitation be hear outside the cell . someone have break into the monastery . she recognize Ben 's voice - like a mad man , he 's look for she everywhere and threaten the other nun to show he the way . Anna stand up when Ben burst into she cell with he gun in he hand . behind he , the other nun be terrify . Ben point the gun at Anna - BEN my kid be not go to die tonight . you be come with I , now . ( continued ) 86 . 109c continued : 109c not intimidate by the weapon , Anna step towards ben. for the first time , BEN can see her face - the old lady seem more determine than ever - anna if I come with you Mr. carson , you have to promise to do everything I tell you . my way . no question . Ben lower he gun - BEN you have my word . CUT to : 110 int . night - bedroom - meanwhile 110 Daisy wait patiently in the bed follow she mother 's instruction . suddenly she hear she mother call she from the child 's bedroom - amy ( o.s. ) Daisy ... Daisy ... come here ... Daisy step into the corridor and stop , for a moment , when she notice the flooding . she enter she bedroom , follow the voice that call out for she - amy ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Daisy ... Daisy ... 111 int . night - children' bedroom - continuity 111 Daisy explore the bedroom . the voice be still call , but she mother be not there . the door shut behind she . she walk up to the mirror on the wall . the paint have be partially scrape off - the little girl discover her mother' reflection on the other side of the mirror - 112 int . night - bathroom - meanwhile 112 but in reality , amy be still in the bathroom ! she turn off the tap and sink she hand into the depth of the bathtub to pull the plug , when she see Michael 's reflection on the surface - ( continued ) 87 . 112 continued : 112 amy micha ... she turn around , but Michael be not behind she . the reflection lie . suddenly her arm be pulled into the bathtub . a invisible force plunge her head into the water to drown her . amy struggle frenetically but the pressure be too strong for her to break free . 113 - back in the children' bedroom - 113 Daisy walk up to she mother 's reflection in the mirror . amy reflection come sweetheart ... come , come closer ... come ... Daisy be mistrustful . she sense that something be not right . in the mirror , she mother 's attitude be different and strange ... daisy what be you do in there , Mom ? amy reflection come closer , do not worry ... everything be all right , sweetheart . Daisy obey when , suddenly , she notice that she mother hold a pair of scissors in she hand . Daisy have no time to react - the reflection of the mother grab the reflection of the little girl , holding her firmly in her arm - by some invisible force , in reality , daisy be suspended in the AIR in front of the mirror . 114 - back in the bathroom - 114 with she head still submerge in the bathtub , Amy be drown . she try to fight back . unsuccessfully . her head stay under the water . with the tip of she finger , Amy feel she way to the plug . she pull it out . slowly , the water level begin to go down . too slowly . Amy struggle to pull she head out of the water to breath again . ( continued ) 88 . 114 continued : 114 the water continue to recede . Amy have reach exhaustion , she hand clutch onto the edge of the bathtub . she be suffocating . at the last minute , she turn she head to gasp for air . the remain water swirl down the drain . the bathtub be now empty and the invisible force seem to have vanish . Amy collapse to the ground , spitting and cough . she come to she sense , get back to she foot and dash out of the bathroom . amy Michael ?! Michael ? as she run past the bedroom , she notice that the door be open - amy ( cont 'd ) Daisy !? Daisy be no longer there . amy ( cont 'd ) Daisy ! panicked , Amy cross the corridor and barge into the child 's room . Inside she discover - 115 int . night - children' room 115 suspended in the AIR , a few inches off the ground , daisy struggle to break free . in the mirror , Amy see she own reflection bring the sharp blade of the scissors to she daughter 's throat . the blade glide over she skin . in reality , a trickle of blood appear on daisy throat . instinctively , Amy throw herself against Daisy , tear she away from the grip of she own reflection . they land on the floor and crawl to the corner of the room , safe from the danger of the reflection . Amy tear off a piece of she clothing , which she press against Daisy 's throat in order to stop the bleed . amy oh my god , do not move baby , do not move ... Amy be out of control , hold Daisy tightly in she arm . she be terror-stricken by the event in the house ... ( continued ) 89 . 115 continued : 115 amy ( cont 'd ) do not move sweetheart ... fortunately , Daisy 's wound be not deep . the blade do not reach the main artery . Amy save she life at the very last minute . Daisy be half conscious from the loss of blood . she struggle to speak - daisy why do you do this , Mom ? amy ( in tear ) it be not I Daisy , it be not I ... I would never hurt you , you know that . daisy whe ... where be Michael ? amy I do not know where he be ... I be go to take care of you and then we be go to find he ... ok but for now , we have to get out of here . daisy be daddy come back soon ? amy yes , he will be here soon as he can . a bit further away , in the scrape section of the mirror , we can see Amy 's reflection , on its knee above Daisy who lie on the floor - in this evil version of the reality , Amy 's double have kill she own daughter . use the scissors , she 's " work " on the dead body . what exactly be she do to the little girl ? she turn toward we , revealing her face and hand cover with fresh blood ! amy reflection come closer to peek through the mirror , with her hand pressed against the glass , as if it be just a window . in search of the real amy and daisy , the force of the mirror be determine to get they . away from the field of vision of the mirror , Amy crawl on the floor towards the door - 90 . 116 int . night - bedroom 116 Amy come back to the bedroom , carry Daisy in she arm . as she pass the bureau , she grab the first- aid - kit from one of the drawer . she set she daughter down in the walk - in closet , away from the mirror . the little girl have trouble move . Amy examine the cut on Daisy 's throat . quickly , with a professional touch , she disinfect and bandage the wound . amy listen to I carefully Daisy ... I want you to stay in here and be quiet . Daisy be terrify and with she remain strength , she hold on to she mother tightly . amy ( cont 'd ) you have to be brave , sweetheart ... I want you to stay in here and not get out until I come back , no matter what happen . I be go to find Michael ... do you hear I ? not quite convinced , Daisy accept reluctantly . amy ( cont 'd ) I be so proud of you . Amy shut the door of the closet . through the wooden slat she can see she daughter inside - amy ( cont 'd ) do not move ... Amy exit the room . 117 int . night - corridor / staircase 117 even though she turn off the tap upstairs Amy can still hear the water pour downstairs ... on guard , Amy walk down the stair , step by step . she be frighten and she heart be pound . amy Michael ? Michael ? at the bottom of the stair , Amy catch sight of Michael at the other end of the live room . ( continued ) 91 . 117 continued : 117 the first floor be completely flood . all the space be cover by a thin layer of water that's mirroring everything in house . the little boy have climb up onto a stool and be scraping the paint off the mirror with a sharp knife ... it be Michael who have scrape all the mirror in the house in order to set the force of the mirror free . amy ( cont 'd ) Michael ! he do not answer . he do not seem to hear she . Amy come down the last step . amy ( cont 'd ) Michael ? what be you do ? the little boy turn around towards he mother with a big smile - in the mirror , he reflection remains facing they . michael they want to come play with we , mommy . Amy move slowly towards she son . amy Michael , I want you to drop that knife , do you hear I ? you know very well you be not allow to play with that , do not you ? Michael look at she in confusion and step down from the stool . amy ( cont 'd ) that 's a good boy , now give I the knife ... instead of obey , Michael run off and disappear into another room on the first floor . amy ( cont 'd ) michael ! Amy rush after he . 118 int . night - bedroom 118 Amy 's cell phone , lay on the night table , begin to ring . on the display we can see the call be from Ben . through the wooden slat of the closet door , Daisy catch sight of the phone . ( continued ) 92 . 118 continued : 118 she think about leave the closet to answer , but remember she mother 's strict instruction about stay in the hide place . the phone continue to ring , but no one answer it . 119 int . night - first floor 119 Amy hear the phone ringing upstairs , but she cannot answer it now - she must find Michael first . CUT to : 120 ext / int . night - ben' car - manhattan 120 Ben 's car drive down a Manhattan street . behind the wheel , Ben be on the phone and get Amy 's voicemail . he dial again - BEN answer ! God damn it ... answer the phone ... once again he get the voicemail . BEN ( cont 'd ) fuck ... Ben be lose he calm . 121 ext . night - mayflower department store 121 Ben 's car pull up in front of the department store . through the windshield , Anna catch sight of the devastate building . Ben hang up the phone - BEN something 's wrong over there , my wife be not answer . Ben be tear - he know that go back to Amy be not go to help - BEN ( cont 'd ) we have to get inside the mayflower now . Anna step out . she cannot conceal the sudden shiver that run through she when she stand in front of the former hospital - anna from now on , I be go to close my eye . ( more ) ( continued ) 93 . 121 continued : 121 anna ( cont 'd ) take I to the basement , to the mirror room . it have to stop where it begin ... Ben grab she forcefully - BEN come on , let 's go . anna Mr. carson , no matter what happen in there , I want you to do as I say and make sure I never get out of this place . Ben pull out he key and unlock the front door . Anna close she eye and follow he inside . 122 int . night - entrance hall - mayflower department store 122 Anna have barely cross the threshold when the hall mirror start tremble - they can feel she presence . she tighten she grip around Ben 's hand . she be anxious , and even with she eye shut , she can sense the threaten vibe send off by the mirror . Ben be focus , gaze straight ahead as they cross the ground floor in the direction of the basement door . yet , from the corner of he eye , he can not help but glimpse the mirror . what he discover go beyond he worst nightmare - a crowd of men and women , flayed alive , crawling and pressing themselves against the glass pane , inside the mirror . they observe BEN and anna with blank , lifeless gay . some be banging there fist , there hand , and even there head against the glass , in a attempt to break free from the mirror . suddenly behind he , one of these vision bash against the mirror ! keeping its wide opened eye on they , the vision start licking the other side of the mirror like a animal . anna they be wait for I ... Ben turn towards Anna and realize that in the mirror , there 's something else - Anna 's reflection be different - it's not the old nun anymore but the 12 year old girl , exactly as anna be in the time of ST . johns hospital ! 94 . 123 int . night - new jersey house 123 we be back in the house . Amy be still search for Michael . she go into the kitchen to turn off the tap . above the sink , the newspaper on the window have be rip as well and the hot steam be now cover the glass . a hand print appear on one of the window pane and slide down against the glass ... the force be everywhere . Amy step back and run out of the kitchen . the thin layer of water on the floor have transformed the entire house into a mirror extending through each room . a inescapable mirror ... the sound of rapid , splash footstep catch she attention . Amy turn around and leave the kitchen - amy Michael ? Michael 's reflection sweep over the water surface . Amy run after he but stop short when she catch sight of he . Michael be hide under the live room couch . she come closer and bend over - there be no one under the couch ! yet , in the reflection of the wet floor , Michael be there ... he smile at she , playfully . in a quick movement , the little boy' reflection brandish the knife in excitement and tear it through he mother' face - amy lets out a cry of pain as she bring her hand to her cheek - the invisible blade have slashed her face . the blood gush between she finger . Michael 's reflection have disappear . she turn around just in time to catch sight of the little boy 's reflection escape . his invisible footstep splash in the water as he move further away ... she hear Michael run up the stair to the first floor . 95 . 124 int . night - step -in closet 124 protected from the mirror , in she hide place in the closet , Daisy inspect the room through the wooden slat . suddenly , the bedroom door squeak open . Daisy curl up in the corner of the closet , overtaken with fear - it 's only the cat who enter the room with a meow . daisy Tiger ! come here kitty , come here ... she open the door a tiny crack to let he in . the little girl take the pet in she arm , reassuringly . CUT to : 125 int . night - mayflower basement 125 in the dark , the surface of the water lie perfectly still . we be no longer in the New Jersey house , but in the subterranean passageway corridor of the department store . Ben and Anna 's silhouettes appear , walk down the stair . Ben turn on he flashlight . the light along the corridor be too weak . BEN watch you step , a water pipe have burst , the whole basement be flood . Ben guide Anna , with she eye still shut , through the tunnel . the beam of the flashlight sweep across the wall , and the piping . they pass the junction of the two tunnel and arrive at the demolish wall . anna you stay outside ... Anna step over the rubble as she feel she way into the mirror room . in all the mirror it be not anna the nun , but anna the little girl that we can see - when she place she hand against one of the mirror , crack appear instantly . the pressure on the other side be grow stronger and stronger . ( continued ) 96 . 125 continued : 125 Anna position herself in the center of the room , from where she reflection be multiply to infinity from all the possible angle . she kneel down with she eye close . CUT to : 126 int . night - new jersey house 126 compare to the gloom of the basement in the department store , the second floor of the house seem to be bath in light . Michael be sit quietly in front of he room . as narcissus do , he be observe he reflection , mirrore in the surface of the water that cover the wooden floor . amy Michael ? hypnotize by he mirror image , the little boy do not hear he mother 's call . Amy appear at the top of the stair and catch sight of he . amy ( cont 'd ) Michael ... Michael , look at I ... I be right here . Michael do not answer . gently , he caress he reflection in the surface of the water . Amy come up to he slowly , determine to pull he away from he reflection ... she lay she hand on he shoulder . this time Michael react and turn towards she . before he can utter a single word - the reflection of the hand become real , grabbing the child wrist . michael' reflection pull he through its surface . michael disappear into the floor . Amy throw herself to the ground in a attempt to catch he . too late , the little boy have be submerge in the thin layer of water cover the floor . michael have be pulled into the other side of the mirror ! Amy see she son struggle under the water , as if he be catch under a coat of ice . amy ( cont 'd ) Michael , Michael ... no , no ... ( continued ) 97 . 126 continued : 126 in desperation , Amy beat she fist against the floor with all she strength , try to break through to the other side . amy ( cont 'd ) michael !! nooooo ... Flying into a rage , she beat she fist again and again in a attempt to break the surface and save Michael from drown . she see Michael 's body sink into the depth ... CUT to : 127 int . night - mirror room 127 back to the subterranean world of the department store . Ben be wait in the corridor with he gun in hand . in the mirror room , Anna recite a prayer for strength . in the reflection , young anna be do the same ... the mirror around she shake more and more violently - Anna remain with she eye still shut . Ben see crack form on the wall and the surface of the water at he foot tremble ... 127a int . night - mayflower 127a something be happening in the rest of the store as well - on each floor , in every department , all the mirror begin to vibrate uncontrollably , to twist out of shape , to swell , to shrivel and finally - 127b back in the mirror room 127b anna open her eye - all the mirror explode ! from one area to the next in the department store , the explosion be spectacular and apocalyptic . Anna 's eye freeze - she pupil constrict - thousand of shard of glass be send fly into the air , pierce through she body like a dozen sharpen dagger . the blow of the explosion cause the wall to tremble . instinctively , Ben take shelter behind the wall . CUT to : 98 . 128 int . night - new jersey house 128 michael' body reemerges to the surface ! Amy cling to he and pull he out of the water . the little boy be unconscious . she begin to shake he and to perform mouth - to- mouth resuscitation as she apply rhythmical pressure to he chest . Amy try not to lose she head , determine to bring she little boy back to life . her eye fill with tear , blur she vision . she must not lose faith . she must not give up ... cardiac massage , mouth - to-mouth resuscitation , cardiac massage ... michael remains unconscious ... 129 int . night - mirror room / subterranean passageway 129 in the basement , the calm have be restore . Ben be still crouching behind the shelter wall of the mirror room . in the silence , he wait . he must establish beyond a doubt that it 's all over . he aim he flashlight at the surface of the water - everything seem to be back to normal . his reflection be deform by the slight stir of the water , slowly become placid . Ben step over the rubble to enter the mirror room - all the mirror have be pulverize leave behind only the metal cage that be hold they in place . the floor be cover with thousand of piece of mirror float in the water , shimmer in the shadow . the beam of the flashlight sweep the room in search of Anna , or she dead body - nothing ... Ben inspect all the dark corner behind the metal structure - the woman have vanish . he aim he flashlight at the ceiling . the beam of light instantly reveal a dark shape hang above he - it 's she , or at least what be leave of she - a possessed , metamorphosed , human frame . she be barely recognizable . ( continued ) 99 . 129 continued : 129 with her eye rolled upward , her slashed face and her body pierce by the shard of glass , she look like a demon , deprive of any human trait . the real anna disappeared from the moment she opened her eye and released the force of the mirror . Ben have no time to react before " Anna " charge at he . he drop he flashlight to the ground , try to resist she as much as he can . her way of moving be no longer human . more like a stroboscopic convulsion , her movement be something between a enraged beast and the worst epileptic fit . Ben manage to pin the creature against the wall . " Anna " spit blood in he face . he apply all he strength to immobilize she - the shard of glass dig deeper into the elderly woman 's flesh , which only seem to provide she a intense pleasure ... " Anna " froth at the mouth . her speech have become a deep , animalistic , incomprehensible gurgle . in a effortless movement , " Anna " push he away . her demonic strength be ten time he . Ben be merely a puppet , a rag doll that she send fly into the air , only to crash violently against the brick wall ... blood squirt onto the surface of the water . Ben smashes into the wall separate the mirror room from the underground passageway . on the other side , he land on the ground , in the dark . he strive to regain consciousness ... Ben take advantage of the brief respite to pull out he gun but - " Anna " appear from the dark and , in a flash , she strike a backhand blow that send the gun off into the air . she lift Ben up and throw he across the room . he ram into the wall . with the absence of light in the basement , Ben be defenseless . he can not see he assailant ... Ben be catch by the leg and drag backwards . his hand struggle to catch on to anything that could hold he back . suddenly , under the water , he hand land on the gun . he grab it , turn onto he back , and fire point - blank at " Anna " . the bullet go fly through she body , but they do not stop she . ( continued ) 100 . 129 continued : ( 2 ) 129 Ben be be drag . he manage to grab hold of one pipe after the other , try to hold on , but the pipe give way and break off from the wall , letting out a powerful jet of gas . once again , Ben be send fly down the tunnel . he struggle to get back on he foot - apart from the sound of the flow gas , a disturbing silence surround the subterranean passageway . Ben make out " Anna 's " silhouette , hide behind the leak gas pipe . with he bloody face , Ben be no longer the same man anymore - something in he eye have shift . rage and violence have replace the terror and dread . he be determine to put a end to the creature , no matter what happen . he slide the weapon in he belt and step , with he bare hand , towards what once be " Anna " ... crouched over in the water , the demon look up , ready to charge . Ben take another step forward with the same determination . the creature thrust itself against he - the clash be extremely violent . Ben use all he strength to keep he assailant 's jaw at a distance . in a swift movement , Ben turn around and impale " anna " on the broken gas pipe ! in a gush of blood the sharp metal tip pierce through her stomach but - despite be momentarily immobilise , the demon seem unaffected by the near total destruction of its outer shell . on the contrary , it struggle more violently to escape from the trap . Ben move away , keep a eye on " Anna " . he take he gun and aim it at she . Ben be exhaust . with he arm outstretch , he be ready to shoot , wait for the right moment . the silhouette suddenly emerge from the dark . Ben stand by - the demon go through the cloud of gas - Ben fire - the explosion be instantaneous . " anna " be engulfed in flame . the FIRE spread through the tunnel . Ben throw himself to the ground to avoid the flame . ( continued ) 101 . 129 continued : ( 3 ) 129 suddenly , in a domino effect , one explosion follows the other . a blast occur a bit further down the tunnel , and another inside the wall . the subterranean passageway be about to collapse - crack appear everywhere . the brick wall begin to fall apart . a part of the ceiling at the far end of the corridor cave in . Ben get back on he foot and dash for the stair . totally burnt , flesh char , " Anna " be enraged by she prey 's resistance . the blaze demon run after Ben . behind they , one after the other , section of the wall collapse . Ben run as fast as he can . " Anna " be come closer to he , when suddenly - just behind BEN , a section of the ground floor cave in , burying her under a Mass of rubble . Ben narrowly escape the collapse . he reach the staircase and catch sight of the exit above when suddenly - the entire foundation of the build collapse over he . Ben find himself crush along the floor and penetrate the mirrore water surface disappearing on the other side of the mirror . 129a int . night - jersey house 129a all of she effort be in vain . Amy be unable to bring back she son . Nonetheless , she continue with the same determination , refuse to accept reality . she finally break down , plead with the sky above ... 129b the other side of the mirror 129b lose and float in this strange and unfamiliar place , Ben turn and see Michael 's body / soul which be also trap in this parallel dimension , on the other side of the mirror . in the distance , he can see the surface lead to the hallway of the New Jersey house . above it , Amy try to resuscitate Michael . ( continued ) 102 . 129b continued : 129b Ben grab he son and hold he tightly in he arm for a moment , then push he towards the surface - the child open he eye !- 130 int . night - new jersey house 130 michael come around , coughing out the water from he lung . Amy burst into tear , sobbing with joy . she hold he tightly in she arm , with all she strength , with all she love . holding Michael in she arm , Amy come back for Daisy in the bedroom . she open the closet door and find she little girl inside . the child throw herself into she mother 's arm - daisy it be over , Mom ? Amy throw a glance at she reflection in the mirror . everything seem back to normal . amy yes sweetheart , it 's over ... Amy hold she two child tightly , savore this moment of joy and relief . through the window , we see the first light of dawn appear on the horizon . 131 int . dawn - mayflower 131 the sunbeam slice through the windowpane of the glass dome above the entrance hall of the department store . the pigeon fly in and out ... the burnt mannequin be still stand in the middle of the ruin . on the wall , all that remains from the mirror be there 1920 's gold frame . the floor have completely subside . it look like there be just a earthquake under the building . in the middle of the pile of debris , something in the rubble begin to move - a hand appear . somebody surface - it 's Ben . he gasp for air . wound and cover in dust , it be a miracle that he have survive . ( continued ) 103 . 131 continued : 131 he struggle back to he foot and climb over the block of concrete to regain the ground floor . limp , he cross the entrance hall . his discovery of the absence of mirror on the wall bring a smile to he face - he have finally triumph over the mirror that he once believe to be indestructible ... 132 ext . day - mayflower 132 Ben step out of the department store , walk out of the close off area , and reach the street . Police car , fire truck , and ambulance with spin light have surround the fencing . Ben approach the scene . he need medical attention . he catch sight of Lorenzo , talk to some policeman . Ben stop dead in he track - the name lorenzo , embroidered on the uniform , be written backward ... Ben glance at the police vehicle and they license plate - how be it possible ? everything be reversed . Ben step back in panic . as he walk away from the scene we discover something else in the back of the ambulance - anna's charree cadaver , that have be dug out of the rubble . CUT to : 133 ext . day - time square 133 Ben walk up west 38th Street to Broadway and stop at the intersection of the street , paralyze with fear - the activity of time Square seem normal for a early morning , car drive by and the eternal hustle and bustle of the pedestrian , but all the sign , all the billboard be reversed . and so be the direction of the traffic flow ... Ben turn around towards a glass building where a homeless person be sleep - his eye fill with horror - he can see the reflection of the homeless man but not he own .. ( continued ) 104 . 133 continued : 133 Ben press he hand against the glass . the reflection of the world surround he be the right way around in the mirror but he remain invisible . he remove he hand from the mirror , leave a clear and well - define handprint on the reflective surface . Ben slowly come to realize what be happen to he - if he reflection be not there , it means that he no longer belong to the world of the live . BEN did not survive - he soul be now a captive on the other side of the mirror ... CUT to : 134 ext . day - mayflower 134 back in the ambulance , a paramedic come to close the back door . the vehicle start and leave the mayflower . 135 ext . day - new - york - continuity 135 the ambulance turn on the avenue . 136 int . day - ambulance - moving 136 in the back of the ambulance , as the vehicle drive away , we discover that another corpse be laid out next to Anna 's - it's ben' body , cover with dust and dry blood . its finger suddenly twitch ... be it the bumpy road ? the dead finger twitch again and - in the shadow , ben' corpse slowly begins to stand . it turn its head - ben' eye be rolled upward , no longer human ... evil . CUT to : black