" misery " by William Goldman base on the novel by Stephen King fade in on : a single cigarette . a match . a HOTEL ice bucket that hold a bottle of champagne . the cigarette be unlit . the match be of the kitchen variety . the champagne , unopen , be dom perignon . there be only one sound at first : a strong wind -- -- now another sound , sharper - - a sudden burst of typing as we pull back to reveal paul sheldon type at a table in he hotel suite . it 's really a cabin that 's part of a lodge . not a ornate place . western theme . he be frame by a window look out at some gorgeous mountain . it 's afternoon . the sky be grey . snow be scattered along the ground . we be out west somewhere . the wind grow stronger -- there could be a storm . paul pay no attention to what 's go on outside as he continue to type . he 's the hero of what follow . forty -two , he 's get a good face , one with a certain mileage to it . we be not , in other word , look at a virgin . he 's be a novelist for eighteen year and for half that time , the most recent half , a remarkably successful one . he pause for a moment , intently , as if try to stare a hole in the paper . now he finger fly , and there 's another burst of typing . he study what he 's write , then -- CUT to : the paper , as he roll it out of the machine , put it on the table , print , in almost childlike letter , this word : the end CUT to : a pile of manuscript at the rear of the table . he put this last page on , get it straight and in order , hoist it up , fold it to he chest , the entire manuscript -- hundred of page . CUT to : paul , as he hold he book to he . he be , just for a brief moment , move . CUT to : a suitcase across the room . paul go to it , open it and pull something out from inside : a batter red leather briefcase . now he take he manuscript , carefully open the briefcase , gently put the manuscript inside . he close it , and the way he handle it , he might almost be handle a child . now he cross over , open the champagne , pour himself a single glass , light the one cigarette with the lone match -- there be a distinct feel of ritual about this . he inhale deeply , make a toast gesture , then drink , smoke , smile . hold briefly , then -- CUT to : lodge - day paul --exit he cabin . he stop , make a snowball , throw it , hit a sign . paul still get it . he throw a suitcase into the trunk of he ' 65 mustang and , hold he leather case , he hop into the car and drive away . CUT to : a sign that read " Silver Creek Lodge . " behind the sign be the hotel itself -- old , desolate . now the ' 65 mustang come out of the garage , gun ahead toward the sign . as " shotgun " by Jr. Walker and the allstar start , he head off into the mountain . CUT to : the sky . gun-metal grey . the cloud seem pregnant with snow . CUT to : paul , drive the mustang , the batter briefcase on the seat beside he . CUT to : the road ahead . Little dainty flake of snow be suddenly visible . CUT to : the car , go into a curve and CUT to : paul , drive , and as he come out of the curve , a stunne look hit he face as we CUT to : the road ahead -- and here it come - - a mountain storm ; it 's as if the top have be pull off the sky and with no warning whatsoever , we be into a blizzard and CUT to : the mustang , slow , drive deeper into the mountain . CUT to : paul , squinting ahead , windshield wiper on now . CUT to : the mustang , round another curve , lose traction -- CUT to : paul , a skilled driver , bring the car easily under control . CUT to : the road snow be pile up . CUT to : paul drive confidently , carefully . now he reach out , eject the tape , expertly turn it over , push it in and , as the music continue , he hum along with it . CUT to : the sky . only you can not see it . there 's nothing to see but the unending snow , nothing to hear but the wind which keep get wilder . CUT to : the road . inch of snow on the ground now . this be desolate and dangerous . CUT to : paul , drive . CUT to : the snow . worse . CUT to : the road , curving sharply , drop ping . a sign read : " curve Road , next 13 mile . " CUT to : the mustang , come into view , hit the curve - - no problem -- no problem at all -- and then suddenly , there be a very serious problem and as the car skid out of control -- CUT to : paul , do he best , fight the condition and just as it look like he 's get thing go he way -- CUT to : the road , swerving down and CUT to : the mustang , all traction go and CUT to : paul , helpless and CUT to : the mustang , skid , skid and CUT to : the road as it drop more steeply away and the wind whip the snow across and CUT to : the mustang start to spin and CUT to : the mountainside as the car skid off the road , careen down , slam into a tree , bounce off , flip , land upside down , skid , stop finally , dead . hold on the car a moment there be still the sound of the wind , and there be still the music come from the tape , perhaps the only part of the car leave undamage . nothing move inside . there be only the wind and the tape . the wind get louder . CUT to : the wreck look at from a distance . the music sound be only faintly hear . CUT to : the area where the wreck be -- as see from the road . the car be barely visible as the snow begin to cover it . CUT to : the wreck from outside , and we be close to it now , with the snow come down ever harder -- already bit of the car be cover in white . camera move in to paul . he 's inside and do he best to fight be , but he consciousness be go . he try to keep he eye open but they be slit . slowly , he manage to reach out with he leave arm for he briefcase -- -- and he clutches it to he batter body . the music continue on . but paul be far from listen . his eye flutter , flutter again . now they be start to close . the man be die . motionless , he still clutches the batter briefcase . hold on the case . then -- dissolve to : the briefcase in Paul 's hand as he sit at a desk . sindell ( o.s. ) what 's that ? pull back to reveal we be in New York City in the office of Paul 's literary agent , marcia sindell . the wall of the large room be absolutely cramme with book and movie poster , in English and all other kind of other language , all of they feature the character of misery chastain , a perfectly beautiful woman . misery 's challenge , misery 's triumph -- eight of they . all write by Paul sheldon . CUT to : paul , lift up the batter briefcase -- maybe when new it cost two buck , but he treat it like gold . paul a old friend . I be rummage through a closet and it be just sit there . like it be wait for I . CUT to : sindell ( search for a compliment ) it 's ... it 's nice , Paul . it 's get ... character . CUT to : the two of they paul when I write my first book , I use to carry it around in this while I be look for a publisher . that be a good book , marcia . I be a writer then . sindell you be still a writer . paul I have not be a writer since I get into the misery business -- sindell ( hold up the cover art of misery child ) not a bad business . this thing would still be grow , too . the first printing order on misery 's child be the most ever -- over a million . paul marcia , please . sindell no , no . misery chastain put brace on you daughter 's tooth and be put she through college , buy you two house and floor seat to the knick game and what thanks do she get ? you go and kill she . paul marcia , you know I start " misery " on a lark . do I look like a guy who write romance novel ? do I sound like danielle steel ? it be a one - time shot and we get lucky . I never mean it to become my life . and if I have not get rid of she now , I would have end up write she forever . ( touch he briefcase ) for the first time in fifteen year , I think I be really onto something here . sindell I be glad to hear that , Paul , I really be . but you have to know -- when you fan find out that you kill off they favorite heroine , they be not go to say , " ooh , good , Paul sheldon can finally write what we have always want : a esoteric , semi - autobiographical character study . paul ( passionately ) marcia , why be you do this to I ? do not you know I be scared enough ? do not you think I remember how nobody give a shit about my first book ? you think I be die to go back to shouting in the wilderness ? ( beat ) I be do this because I have to . ( marcia be stop ) now , I be leave for Colorado to try to finish this and I want you good thought -- because if I can make it work ... ( beat ) I might just have something that I want on my tombstone . on the word " tombstone " CUT to : paul' tombstone -- the upside down car with the blizzard come gale - force and he motionless body trap inside the car . the wind scream . paul be eye flutter , then close . hold keep hold as -- suddenly there 's a new sound as a crowbar scratch at the door -- -- no now the door be rip open as we pull back to reveal a bundled - up figure gently beginning to pull paul and the case from the car . for a moment , it 's hard to tell if it 's a man or woman - - -- not to let the cat out of the bag or anything , but it be , very much , a woman . her name be annie wilk and she be close to Paul 's age . she be in many way a remarkable creature . strong , self - sufficient , passionate in she like and dislike , love and hate . CUT to : paul and annie as she cradle he in she arm . once he 's clear of the car , she lay he carefully in the snow CUT to : paul and annie : close up . she slowly bring she mouth down close to he . then they lip touch as she force air inside he . annie ( they lip touch again . then - -) you hear I -- breathe ! I say breathe !!! CUT to : paul , as he start to breathe - - -- in a moment he eye suddenly open wide , but he 's in shock , the eye see nothing -- CUT to : annie -- the moment she see he come to life , she go into action , lift paul in a fireman 's carry , start the difficult climb back up the steep hill . as she move away , she and Paul be obliterate by the white fall snow . dissolve to : the white of what seem like a hospital . everything be ble of color . it 's all vague -- -- we be look at this from Paul 's blurred vision . and throughout this next sequence , there be this sound , word really , but they make no sense . " ...no ... worry ... ...be ... fine ... ... good care ... you ... ... I be you number one fan ... " the first thing we see during this be something all white . it take a moment before we realize it 's a ceiling . now , a white wall . a i.v. bottle be next , the medicine drip down a tube into paul' left arm . the other arm be bandage and in a sling . annie be stand beside the bed . she wear off - white and seem very much like a nurse . a good nurse . she have pill in she hand . CUT to : paul . motionless , dead pale . he have a little beard now . eye barely open , he 's shaking with fever . paul ( hardly able to whisper ) ... where ... be I ...? annie be quickly by he side . annie ( so gently ) shhh ... we be just outside Silver Creek . paul how long ...? annie you have be here two day . you be gonna be okay . ( relieved ) my name be Annie wilk and I be -- paul -- my number one fan . and now the gibberish word make sense . annie that 's right . I be also a nurse . here . ( now , as she bring the pill close ) take this . she help he to swallow , as Paul 's eye close . dissolve to : a exterior of the place . it 's a farmhouse - - we be in a desolate area with mountain in the background . the house be set on a knoll so that Paul 's room , although on the first floor , be ten foot off the ground . CUT to : paul , in the room . he 's not on the i.v. anymore . his fever have break . Annie enter , pill in she hand . annie here . paul what be they ...? annie they be call novril - - they be for you pain . ( help he take they ) annie apply a cool rag to he forehead . paul should not I be in a hospital ? annie the blizzard be too strong . I could not risk try to get you there . I try call , but the phone line be down . paul try to test he leave arm . annie ( gently , she finger go to he eyelid , close they ) now you must not tire yourself . you have get to rest , you almost die . CUT to : annie : close up . sometimes she face show the most remarkable compassion . it do now . hold on it briefly . dissolve to : close up on pill in anniee hand annie ( o.s. ) open wide . CUT to : paul' room he lie in bed . his fever be go , but he 's terribly weak . CUT to : annie . as she lay the pill on paul' tongue , she give he a glass of water from the nearby bed table . CUT to : paul , swallow eagerly . CUT to : annie , watch he , sympathetically . annie you leg just sing grand opera when you move , do not they ? ( Paul say nothing , but he pain be clear ) it 's not go to hurt forever , Paul , I promise you . paul will I be able to walk ? annie of course you will . and you arm will be fine , too . you shoulder be dislocate pretty badly , but I finally pop it back in there . ( proudly ) but what I be most proud of be the work I do on that leg . consider what I have around the house , I do not think there 's a doctor who could have do any better . and now suddenly she flick off the blanket , uncover he body . CUT to : paul , stare , stunne at the bottom half of he body as we CUT to : paul' legs . from the knee down he resemble a egyptian mummy -- she 's splint they with slim steel rod that look like the hacksawe remain of aluminum crutch and there 's taping circle around . from the kness up they be all swollen and throbbing and horribly bruise and discolor . CUT to : paul , lie back , stunne with disbelief . annie it 's not nearly as bad as it look . you have a compound fracture of the tibia in both leg , and the fibula in the leave leg be fracture too . I could hear the bone move , so it 's best for you leg to remain immobile . and as soon as the road open , I will take you to a hospital . CUT to : annie : close up annie in the meantime , you have get a lot of recover to do , and I consider it a honor that you will do it in my home . hold on she ecstatic face . then -- CUT to : misery perfect face . we be back in sindell 's office in New York . the office look just the same , poster and manuscript all over . but she do not . she hold the phone and she be fidgety , insecure . sindell this be marcia sindell call from New York City . I would like to speak to the Silver Creek Chief of Police or the sheriff . male voice ( o.s. ) which one do you want ? sindell whichever one 's not busy . CUT to : SMALL office in silver creek ... with a view of the mountain . a marvelous looking man sit at a desk , by himself , hold the phone . in he sixty , he 's still as bright , fast and sassy as he be half - a- lifetime ago . never mind what he name be , everyone call he buster . buster I be pretty sure they be both not busy , Ms. sindell , since they be both I . I also happen to be President of the policeman 's benefit Association , Chairman of the patrolman 's retirement Fund , and if you need a good fishing guide , you could do a lot worse ; call I buster , everybody do , what can I do for you ? CUT to : sindell in she office . she push the speakerphone , get up , pace ; she 's very hesitant when she speak about Paul . almost embarrassed -- sindell I be a literary agent , and I feel like a fool call you , but I think one of my client , Paul sheldon , might be in some kind of trouble . buster Paul sheldon ? you mean Paul sheldon the writer ? sindell yes . buster he 's you client , huh ? sindell yes , he be . CUT to : buster' office he roll a penny across the back of one hand -- he 's very good at it , do not even look while he do it . buster people sure like that misery book . sindell I be sure you know Paul 's be go to the Silver Creek Lodge for year to finish he book . buster yeah , I understand he 's be up here the last six week . sindell not quite . I just call , and they say he check out five day ago . be not that a little strange ? buster I do not know . do he always phone you when he check out of hotel ? CUT to : sindell , really embarrassed now . sindell no , no , of course not . it 's just that he daughter have not hear from he , and when he 's get a book come out , he usually keep in touch . so when there be no word from he ... buster you think he might be miss ? sindell ( shake she head ) I hate that I make this call -- tell I I be be silly . CUT to : buster . he nod as a woman enter , carry lunch . it 's he wife , virginia . she begin put the food down on a table for the both of they . buster just a little over - protective , maybe . ( beat ) tell you what -- nothing 's be report out here -- ( he put Paul sheldon 's name with a ? on a 3 x 5 card ) -- but I will put he name through we system . ( he tack the card to a bulletin board ) and if anything turn up , I will call you right away . CUT to : sindell . she smile , a genuine sense of relief . sindell I appreciate that . thanks a lot . CUT to : buster buster g'bye , Ms. sindell . as he hang up -- virginia we actually get a phone call . busy morning . buster ( smile ) work , work , work . ( give she a hug ) Virginia ? when be that blizzard ? virginia four or five day ago . why ? CUT to : buster . the penny fly across the back of he hand . he do not look at it , stare instead out the window at the mountain . buster ( a beat ) ... no reason ... hold on buster for a moment . CUT to : paul' room paul' voice ( soft ) I guess it be kind of a miracle ... you find I ... annie 's soft , sweet laughter be hear . she stand over he , finish shave he with a very sharp straight razor . she wear what we will come to know as she regular costume -- plain wool skirt , grey cardigan sweater . annie no , it be not a miracle at all ... in a way , I be follow you . paul follow I ? annie concentrate on shave he with great care ; she have wonderful , strong hand . annie ( explain , normally ) well , it be not any secret to I that you be stay at the Silver Creek , see as how I be you number - one fan and all . some night I would just tool on down there , sit outside and look up at the light in you cabin -- ( gently move he head back , expose he neck ; this next be say with total sincerity , almost awe ) and I would try to imagine what be go on in the room of the world 's great writer . paul say that last part again , I do not quite hear -- annie ( smile ) do not move now -- would not want to hurt this neck -- ( shave away ) well , the other afternoon I be on my way home , and there you be , leave the Lodge , and I wonder why a literary genius would go for a drive when there be a big storm come . paul I do not know it be go to be a big storm . annie lucky for you , I do . ( pause ) lucky for I too . because now you be alive and you can write more book . oh , Paul , I have read everything of your , but the misery novel ... CUT to : annie : close up annie I know they all by heart , Paul , all eight of they . I love they so . CUT to : paul , look at she . there 's something terribly touch about she now . paul you be very kind ... annie and you be very brilliant , and you must be a good man , or you could never have create such a wondrous , loving creature as misery chastain . ( run she finger over he cheek ) like a baby . ( smile ) all do . ( start to dab away the last bit of soap ) annie start clean up . paul when do you think the phone line will be back up ? I have to call my daughter , and I should call New York and let my agent know I be breathe . annie it should not be too much longer . ( gently ) once the road be open , the line will be up in no time . if you give I they number , I will keep try they for you . ( suddenly almost embarrassed ) could I ask you a favor ? ( Paul nod ) I notice in you case there be a new Paul sheldon book and ... ( hesitant ) and I wonder if maybe ... ( she voice trail off ) paul you want to read it ? annie ( quietly ) if you would not mind . paul I have a hard and fast rule about who can read my stuff at this early stage -- only my editor , my agent , and anyone who save I from freezing to death in a car wreck . annie ( genuinely thrilled ) you will never realize what a rare treat you have give I . CUT to : paul . his eye close briefly , he grimace . CUT to : annie , watch he , concerned . she glance at she watch . annie Boy , it 's like clockwork , the way you pain come -- I will get you you novril , Paul . forgive I for prattling away and make you feel all oogy . she turn and go out of the room . CUT to : paul , watch she . annie what 's you new book call ? paul I do not have a title yet . annie what 's it about ? paul ( fast ) it 's crazy , but I do not really know , I mean I have not write anything but " misery " for so long that -- you read it you can tell I what you think it 's about . maybe you can come up with a title . annie ( in the doorway ) oh , like I could do that ? CUT to : the manager' office at the silver creek lodge small , neat , one window - - outside , snow cover all . buster and libby , the manager , be go over book and record . Libby be a old guy , walk with a cane . libby nothing unusual about Mr. sheldon 's leave , buster - - you can tell by the champagne . buster maybe you can , Libby . libby no , see , he always order a bottle of dom perignon when he be ready to go . then he would pay up and be out the door . buster no long -distance phone call , Federal Express package -- anything at all out of the ordinary ? libby ( head shake ) I do not think Mr. sheldon like for thing to be out of the ordinary . consider who he be and all , famous and all , he do not have air . drive the same car out from New York each time - -'65 mustang - - say it help he think . he be always a good guest , never make a noise , never bother a soul . sure hope nothing happen to he . buster so do I ... libby I will bet that old mustang 's pull into New York right now . buster I be sure you be right . but you can tell he 's not sure at all as we CUT to : a spoon filled to the brim with beef barley soup CUT to : paul' room . he lie in bed . Sun come in the lone window . annie sit on the bed , a large bowl of soup in she hand , feed he . annie ( almost shy about this ) I know I be only forty page into you book , but ... she stop , fill the spoon up again . paul but what ? annie nothing . paul no , what be it ? annie oh , it 's ridiculous , who be I to make a criticism to someone like you ? paul I can take it , go ahead . annie well , it 's brilliantly write , but then everything you write be brilliant . paul pretty rough so far . annie ( a burst ) the swear , Paul . ( beat ) there , I say it . paul the profanity bother you ? annie it have no nobility . paul well , this be slum kid , I be a slum kid , everybody talk like that . CUT to : annie . she hold the soup bowl in one hand , the muddy - color beef barley soup close to spilling . annie they do not . what do you think I say when I go to the feed store in town ? " now , wally , give I a bag of that effing pigfeed and ten pound of that bitchly cow - corn " -- paul be amused by this . CUT to : the soup , almost spilling as she get more agitate . annie -- and in the bank do I tell Mrs. bollinger , " here 's one big bastard of a check , give I some of you christ money . " CUT to : paul , almost laugh as some soup hit the coverlet . annie ( see the spill , suddenly upset ) there ! look there ! see what you make I do ! CUT to : paul --his smile disappear . CUT to : annie , and she be just totally embarrassed . annie oh , Paul , I be sorry . I be so sorry . sometimes I get so work up . can you ever forgive I ? here ... she hand he he pill and start to clean the soup off the coverlet . then she make the sweetest smile . annie I love you , Paul . ( more embarrassed than ever ) you mind . you creativity -- that 's all I mean . fluster , she turn away as we -- CUT to : a road in the mountain . pile of snow all around but it 's be ploughed enough so it 's driveable . CUT to : a car come into view . up ahead be the sign we have already see : " curve Road , next 13 mile . " CUT to : inside the car buster and he wife virginia : Virginia be drive while buster intently study the terrain . he reach for a large thermos , pour some coffee , offer it to she . she shake she head . he begin to sip it . virginia this sure be fun . she put she hand on he leg . buster ( remove it ) Virginia , when you be in this car , you be not my wife , you be my deputy . virginia well , this deputy would rather be home under the cover with the sheriff . CUT to : the car . suddenly , it go into a little icy spin- - she fight it back under control . CUT to : inside the car buster ( suddenly ) stop --stop right here . virginia what ? what be it ? CUT to : the car , skid , slow , stop . both of they get out , go to the edge of the road . Mountains of snow . nothing much else visible . then buster point . buster look at that break branch there ... CUT to : virginia , see it , unconvince . virginia could be the weight of the snow . buster could be -- or a rotten branch or a mountain lion could have land on it . could be a lot of thing . he step off the road , start down . CUT to : virginia , watch he , worried -- it 's very slippery . CUT to : buster , graceful , in great shape , navigate down easily . CUT to : the tree that the car run into . buster reach it , study it . CUT to : virginia , stare out after he -- she can not see he because the drop be both too steep and cover with tree and mound of snow . virginia anything down there ? buster' voice ( o.s. ) yeah . a enormous amount of snow . CUT to : buster . he 's move away from the tree now , go toward where the mustang be bury . CUT to : the mound of snow with the mustang inside . CUT to : buster , make he way closer to it , closer , stare around . CUT to : the area . nothing to be see -- everything be cover with mountain of snow . you could have a house down there and not be able to see it . just glaring white . CUT to : buster , angry , frustrated , turn around and around and CUT to : buster from another angle , from behind the mound with the mustang inside -- and out of he sight , glisten in the sun , a bit of the door protrude . but , of course , buster can not see it . hold on buster , in a sour mood , stare around as the edge of the door continue to glisten . CUT to : virginia , on the road as buster make he way back up , still tick . virginia ( they move to the car ) you really think sheldon 's out there ? buster hope not -- if he be , he 's dead . let 's go to the newspaper office . as they get in the car -- another car drive by -- it 's Annie in she Jeep -- neither she nor buster notice each other . CUT to : paul' room the door open and annie enter . annie oh , I be sorry . I do not mean to wake you . paul it 's fine . pull back to reveal Paul 's eye flutter awake to see the hardback copy of he novel , misery 's child , in Annie 's hand . she 's never be more excited -- annie they have it at the store , Paul , there be a whole batch of they there . as soon as I see it , I slam my money down . I get the first copy . paul then the road be open ... annie the one to town be , but that 's about it . I call the hospital and talk to the head orthopedic surgeon . I tell he who you be and what have happen . he say as long as there 's no infection , you be not in any danger , and as soon as the road to the hospital be open , they will send a ambulance for you . paul the phone be work ? annie well , mine 's still out . but the one in town be work just fine . I call that agent of yours . ( soft now ) oh , Paul , I peek at the very beginning . ( look at he ) what a wonderful first page -- just to read the name misery chastain ... paul my daughter must be go nut . annie ... it 's like a visit from my oldest , dearest friend . paul I be suppose to be home for she birthday three day ago . annie you agent say she would tell she you be okay . but I be afraid you will have to wait until tomorrow if you want to speak to she yourself . she start to leave , stop at the door . annie ( she look at he now with almost a look of amazement ) oh , Paul , what a poet you be ... as she leave -- dissolve to : paul , watch as she enter , move to he , carry a tray . annie I make you my speciality -- scramble egg a la wilk . and I be on page 75 . paul I guess that mean it 's okay . annie no . no , it be not , it 's -- ( halt ) -- oh pooh , I can not think of any word . would " great " be insulting ? paul I can live with " great . " he start , with effort , to eat . annie ( as she turn , go ) no , it 's not just great , it 's perfect , a perfect , perfect thing . CUT to : paul be room . mid -afternoon annie be clear Paul 's tray . she hand he he novril ; he quickly swallow they . annie I be up to page 185 . I always get sad when I pass the halfway point . will you do I a favor ? I would love it if you would autograph my copy . I already have you autograph on a picture , but it would mean so much to I to get it in person . I know you be right - hand , so do not worry if it 's not so legible . I will cherish it anyway . as paul sign the book : annie I do not mean to pry , but I have read in two magazine now where you be see this model who do that disgusting jeans commercial . and I say it can not be true . Paul sheldon would never waste he time with a trampy woman like that . paul well , you can not believe everything you read in magazine . annie I know it . I know it be not true . Boy , how do they get away with printing stuff like that ? paul you would be amaze at what some people will believe . he finish the autograph , hand the book back to she . annie thank you so much . paul my pleasure . dissolve to : the window - late - afternoon sunlight CUT to : the door . it open and guess what -- a sow lumber in . CUT to : paul , kind of stunne as this female pig skitter its way around the room , excited , confuse , slip and slide . CUT to : annie , all smile and happiness , laugh in the doorway . annie I think it be time you two should meet . Paul , say hello to my favorite beast in all the world , my sow , misery . paul misery ? CUT to : the pig , snort around the room . CUT to : paul and annie , watch it . annie yes . I tell you I be you number - one fan . paul I be get to believe you . annie this farm be get kind of dreary , what with just the few cow and chicken and I -- ( happy ) but when I get misery here , everything change -- she just make I smile so . paul she 's a fine ... uh ... pig be what she be ... annie ( scoop up the pig , hold it tight as she stand by Paul ) I be on page three - hundred now , Paul , and it 's better than perfect -- it 's divine . what 's the ceiling that dago paint ? paul the sistine Chapel ? annie yeah , that and misery 's child -- that be the only two divine thing ever in this world ... paul watch as the pig skitter out of the room with annie in pursuit , happily imitate the pig . annie woink ! whoink ! whuh - whuh-whoink ! CUT to : paul stare after they -- what the hell be that ? CUT to : the window . dusk . anniee voice be hear softly . annie when my husband leave I ... I be not prepare , it be not a easy time ... pull back to reveal annie , stand at the window , she back to the room . in bed , paul be deal with a bedpan , pee . annie for a while I think I might go crazy . paul I know how that can be . annie I do not know about you , but what I do to get through it be I dove into work -- day , night -- night shift can be lonely at a hospital . I do a lot of read . that be hen I first discover misery . she make I so happy . she make I forget all my problem . ( she smile now ) ' course , I suppose you have a little something to do with that too . there be a pee sound . paul yeah , well ... he be embarrassed . annie ( she be not ) I just keep read they over and over . I know when I finish this one -- and I have only get two chapter to go -- I will just turn right to the front page and start read it again . paul I be ... annie ( she turn around , move to the bed ) done ? paul yeah , thanks . annie no problem . as she take the bedpan ... annie do not get I wrong . I be not against marriage per se . but it would take a pretty special guy to make I want to go down the aisle again . paul well , it 's not something you should enter into lightly . annie it boil down to respect . people just do not respect the institution of marriage any more . they have no sense of real commitment . CUT to : paul , attempt to smile . there be not much he can say to this . annie I would love to stay here and chat , but I be right at the end and I gotta find out what happen . paul well , I hope you like it . annie of course I will like it . misery 's about to have she child . what 's it gonna be , a boy or a girl ? ooh , do not tell I . with that , she exit . CUT to : the window . moonlight . CUT to : paul . he 's be doze but now he eye flutter awake as we CUT to : the door . it open and annie enter , come to he bedside . CUT to : paul . hard to see . he squint up as we CUT to : annie . close up : she face be ashen pale . annie you ... you dirty bird . she can not be dead . misery chastain can not be dead ! how could you ? paul Annie , in 1871 , woman often die in childbirth , but she spirit be the important thing , and misery 's spirit be still alive -- annie ( scream ) I don't want her spirit ! I want her ! and you murdered she ! paul I didn 't ... annie then who do ? paul no one -- she just die -- she slip away , that 's all . annie ( scream ) she slip away ? she slip away ? she do not just slip away . you do it . you do it . you do it . you do it . you murder my misery . and now she have lift a chair -- it 's heavy but she 's very strong -- and she raise it and turn on Paul , and it 's high above she head , and paul realize that this might be it , she might shatter he with it , crunch he skull -- and that 's just what she seem she 's about to do -- and then she swing it , not against he but against the wall , and it shatter and she 's panting from the effort as she turn on he again , she voice surprisingly soft . annie I think you be good , Paul , but you be not good , you be just another lie old dirty birdie and I do not think I better be around you for awhile . ( she cross to the door , then stop ) and do not even think about anybody come for you , not the doctor , not you agent , not you family -- because I never call they . nobody know you be here . and you better hope nothing happen to I because if I die , you die . CUT to : paul , watch as she close the door behind she . then there be a rattle of a key and the sound of the door to he room locking . CUT to : annie , get in she Cherokee and gun away . CUT to : the room paul lie still . he look around the room and listen for sound . all he hear be the sound of a winter night in the mountain . after a few beat , he take a deep breath and then begin he great effort of all : to force he body out of bed , to make it move . he 's still weak from what he 's endure , but that 's not the main thing : it 's the pain . any attempt at movement and he leg scream . he sag back , lie there still a moment . slowly he try to maneuver he body off the bed . he roll over onto he stomach , then try to lower himself onto the floor by move down head first . his good arm hit the floor , and he be able to hold himself up but , realize there be no way to get out of bed without cause tremendous pain , he gird himself and fling himself out of bed and come crash to the floor . the pain be excruciate . after he regains he composure , he slowly crawl toward the door . he reach up and try the handle . it be , in fact , lock . he awkwardly try to slam up against the door , but it be much too painful and to no avail . he crawl back over to the bed , realize there 's no way to climb back in , then grab the blanket from the bed , wrap it around himself , and close he eye . dissolve to : buster' office . day . he sit alone at he desk on the telephone , stare at the Rocky Mountain gazette spread in front of he . CUT to : the newspaper's front page in a prominent spot on the top be what be most likely a book - jacket photo of Paul . above the picture be the follow : " have you see paul sheldon ? " buster be on the phone with marcia sindell . buster no , Ms. sindell , there 's no point in come up here now . everything that can be do be ... yes , we be work closely with the state police , and the FBI have be inform . right ... right ... as soon as we know anything we will let you know . no , it 's no bother . call anytime . bye , Ms. sindell . virginia enter , carry some file . virginia here 's the list of all sheldon 's credit charge . nothing after the Silver Creek . ( with a glance at he dour face , she indicate the photo ) any call ? buster just from he agent . CUT to : buster . his eye flick up to she . a almost imperceptible shake of the head . hold for a moment , then -- face . they be distort , and they come into view but briefly , then change into the next distort face . all kind -- there be no order to they -- young , Oriental , female , male , pretty , sad , black , not so pretty , happy , white , old -- what we hear be this : " ... you have change my life ... " " ... I be you number one fan ... " " ... I be a really big fan of yours ... " " ... I be you biggest fan ... " " ... do not ever stop write that misery book ... " " ... I have read all you book , but the misery 's ... well ... " " ... I be you number one fan ... " " ... you have give I such pleasure ... " " ... I feel like you be write just for I ... " and now , it get kick up in speed and all go faster , many time overlap . " ... I love you ... I be you number one fan ... I be you biggest fan ... we love you ... number one ... love you ... biggest ... love you ... number one ... number one ... you poor dear thing ... " this last be say by Annie , out of focus , and for a moment , she stay that way -- CUT to : the room , as it snap back into focus --annie be stand by the bed . it be dusk . she wear a dark blue dress and a hat with a sprig of flower . her eye be bright and vivacious -- the fact be , this be the prettiest annie wilk have ever look . annie what be you do on the floor ? ( crossing to the bed ) it 's my fault . if I would have a proper hospital bed , this never would have happen . here , let I help you back in . ( she lift he back into the bed , which cause considerable pain ) I know this hurt , but it will only take a few second . there you go . comfy ? paul ( in pain ) perfect . annie you be such a kidder . I have a big surprise for you . but first there 's something you must do . paul I do not suppose I could have a little snack while I wait for the surprise ? annie I will get you everything you want , but you must listen first . sometimes my think be a little muddy , I accept that . it 's why I could not remember all that thing they be ask I on the witness stand in Denver . now she turn , go to the doorway , keep on talk . she be never out of sight . annie but this time I think clearly . I ask God about you and God say " I deliver he unto you so that you may show he the way . " paul show I the way ? annie yes . she exit and re-enter wheeling something toward he bed . it 's a charcoal barbecue , the kind you use in summer for cooking hamburger . she hold several item in she arm : a box of diamond Blue tip wooden match , a can of lighter fluid . and most noticeably , Paul 's manuscript . CUT to : annie and paul . he watch , mute , as she take off the grill , put the manuscript into the barbecue itself where the charcoal go , spritzes it with lighter fluid . the grill be close enough to the bed for he to reach out and drop a match . paul when I mention a snack , I be think more along the line of a cheese and cracker kind of thing . CUT to : annie , look at he . annie Paul , this be no time for joke . you must rid the world of this filth . she hand he the box of kitchen match . paul you want I to burn my book ? annie ( she nod ) yes . paul you want I to burn my book ? annie I know this may be difficult for you , but it 's for the best . paul this be not difficult , my agent 's make dozen of copy . there 's gonna be a auction on this , and every publishing house in New York be read it now . so if you want I to burn it , fine . you be not ridding the world of anything . CUT to : annie , watch he . annie ( quietly ) then light the match , Paul . paul no big deal . annie so you have indicate . do it . CUT to : the match . paul' hand be start to tremble now . he can not do it . annie I know this be the only copy , Paul . when you be twenty - four you write you first book and you do not make a copy , because you do not think anybody would take it seriously . but they do . and ever since you have never make any copy because you be superstitious -- it 's why you always come back to the Silver Creek Lodge . you tell that story to merv griffin eleven year ago . paul you know , Annie , this book never would have survive without you . when it get to new York , there will be a big auction , and whatever it bring we can split . ( pause ) God know you be entitle to it . annie oh , Paul . this be not about money . it 's about decency and purity . it 's about God 's value . paul you be right . you be right . I do not know what I be think . I will tell you what . it do not have to be publish . nobody ever have to see it . I will just keep it for myself . no one will ever have to know it exist . annie as long as it do exist , you mind will not ever be free . I think you should light the match , Paul . there be a long silence . paul do not move . annie can not you see it 's what God want ? she 's hold the can of lighter fluid in she hand as she speak and absentmindedly flick a few drop of the fluid on the bed . annie you be so brilliant . I would think you would certainly be able to see that . ( more drop fall on the bed ) we be put on this earth to help people , Paul . like I be try to help you . paul watch as the fluid continue to drop on the bed . annie please let I help you . CUT to : paul . his hand shaking . almost robot-like , he strike one . it flame . annie you be do the right thing , Paul . CUT to : the barbecue , as Paul 's hand appear , drop the match on the fluid-soaked manuscript . for a moment -- nothing -- -- and then , kaboom , the goddamn thing practically explode and CUT to : paul , stare , daze , and as the flame leap higher , CUT to : annie , suddenly scared and startle at the heat and the size of the flame and the full baking heat and annie ( cry out ) goodness ! CUT to : the barbecue . the sound be louder as the flame leap up and now char bit of paper begin float upward and CUT to : annie , watch , as more bit of paper rise . annie goodness -- goodness -- oh , my gracious -- and she start try to catch they . CUT to : a piece of burning paper in midair , float against the gauzy curtain , and for a moment it look like the curtain will catch fire and CUT to : annie , panicked , racing out of the room , go " goodness , heaven to betsy " -- CUT to : the barbecue , and what 's leave of the book . CUT to : paul , and he cannot take he eye off the disaster . CUT to : annie , hurry back in , carry a big bucket , slopping water as she lift the bucket . CUT to : the last of the manuscript as the bucket of water be toss onto it -- there 's hiss and steam and as the steam clear it all look now like a log in a brackish pond . annie well , be not that a oogy mess ? as she start to wheel the barbecue out , suddenly there be a new and different sound as we CUT to : paul , head turn toward the window . CUT to : annie take a step toward the window , stop for a moment . the sound we be hearing be a motor . a helicopter motor . and it 's get louder . Annie go to the window now , look toward the sky as we CUT to : a helicopter fly along . CUT to : inside the helicopter buster and a pilot be in the machine . buster have a pair of binocular looped around he neck , a map rumple in he lap . buster ( point out ) that 's the steadman place up there . ( the pilot nod . buster point again ) the only other place up here be the wilk farm . another nod . the pilot point down . buster stare through the binocular . what he sees : anniee jeep park in front of she house . CUT to : inside the helicopter buster that 's no ' 65 mustang . there 's nothing else out this way -- circle on back . as the pilot start to change direction CUT to : annie at the window , watch , as the helicopter turn , start off . CUT to : paul , listen as the motor sound recede . CUT to : annie , stare out the window . annie I do believe the winter be get short and short every year . people say it have something to do with the ozone layer . what do you think ? paul I do not know . annie yeah , well , it 's a theory . here 's you novril . ( she wheel the barbecue to the door ; stop ) how do tuna casserole sound for dinner ? paul great . she exit . paul take the two novril , stare at they , then deliberately tuck they under he mattress . dissolve to : paul be room . night . as paul be finish the last of he tuna casserole . there be two novril on he tray . we hear strain of tv game show theme music . this sound be not surprising . Paul have hear they before . CUT to : anniee room . night . it be much smaller than Paul 's and fill with religious bric-a-brac , picture of Paul sheldon , and a tv on a portable stand . Annie lie in bed , with a open bag of cheeto rest on she stomach and a big quart-size plastic bottle of Coke on the nightstand . as she munch away , she be heavily engross in she favorite tv show , " the Love connection . " as Chuck woolery extract the embarrassing detail of a couple 's romantic interlude , we CUT to : Paul faintly hearing the sound of the tv . he have now finish eat . he take the two novril from under the mattress . he then undoe the sheet , take he fork and delicately poke a hole in the mattress , then stuff all four pill back into the hole . dissolve to : farmhouse come up to dawn . CUT to : paul' door slowly open . CUT to : paul , stare at the door . CUT to : wheel , see from underneath the bed , be roll around the foot of the bed . we realize paul be in a wheelchair with annie push he . annie see , be not this nice ? paul great . I have always want to visit the other side of the room . annie and look what I have get for you . a electric razor so you can shave yourself now . paul if I know this be gonna be the surprise , you could have get I to burn all my book . annie ( she hand he some novril ) now do not josh . this be a very big day for you , Paul . here . you just sit tight , and I will set everything up . annie exit . CUT to : paul , quickly shove the novril into the mattress . paul set what up ? annie that 's the big surprise . you new studio- - after all , writer do need a place to work . paul work ? you mean write ? what in the world do you think I would write ? annie oh , but Paul ! ( flushed ) I do not think , I know ! now that you have get rid of that nasty manuscript , you can go back to do what you be great at -- ( beat ) -- you be go to write a new novel -- you great achievement ever -- misery 's return . CUT to : paul . stun . paul ( after a beat ) misery 's return ? annie I know you do not mean it when you kill she , and now you will make it right . CUT to : annie : close up . in a almost religious fervor . annie yes . it will be a book in my honor . for save you life and nursing you back to health . I will be the first one to read it . ( beat ) oh , Paul , you be go to make I the envy of the whole world ... CUT to : paul paul you just expect I to whip something off , that it ? annie ( nod ) I expect nothing less than you masterpiece . paul you do understand that this be not the ordinary way book get write -- I mean , some people might actually consider this a oddball situation . she roll he over to a table she have set up by the window . annie I have total confidence in you brilliance -- besides , the view will inspire you . CUT to : the window , as the wheelchair approach it . the sky be innocent of cloud . there 's a green forest climb the flank of the nearest mountain . a plot of open ground between the house and the mountain . a neat red barn where the livestock stay . a Jeep Cherokee , maybe five year old . a Fisher plow . and no neighbor in sight . this be a desolate place . annie you just inhale that . I will be right back . CUT to : paul , stare out the window . paul ( call out ) I guess you do not get bother by neighbor much . annie do not worry about that . you will have total solitude so you can concentrate on you work . paul great . CUT to : annie in the doorway , carry ream of type paper , pencil , pen and sharpener . CUT to : paul , watch she -- it 's all kind of amazing . she hand he a box of type paper . annie I get you this expensive paper to type on . CUT to : paul , look at the paper . it 's corrasable bond . a idea hit he ; he mask it as best he can . annie ( put the rest of the paper on the table ) and I get a great deal on this fifty - pound clunker - - on account of it 's miss a " n . " I tell the saleslady " n " be one of the letter in my favorite writer 's name . paul it 's two of the letter in my favorite nurse 's name , Annie . annie ( embarrassed , blush ) you --fooler ...! ( turn , grab up pen , pencil , paper ) do I do good ? paul ( gesture to the box of paper ) you do great , except there 's just one little thing -- I can not work with this paper . it 's corrasable bond , it smudge . maybe you could go back into town and bring I some white , long -grain mimeo . annie but mine cost the most so I do not see how it could smudge . paul ( quickly take a sheet of paper , make a pencil mark on it ) c'mere , I will show you . as she approach , he rub he thumb over the pencil mark . annie ( look at it ) well , it do smudge after all -- be not that fascinating ? paul I think you would be interested . I would like you to be in on everything , Annie . not just the finish book , but how it 's write . annie thank you for think of I . ( she can be so charming when she want ) anything else I can get while I be in town ? any other crucial requirement that need satisfy ? would you like a tiny tape recorder ? or maybe a handmade set of write slipper ? paul no , just the paper will be fine . annie ( suddenly very agitate ) be you sure ? ' Cause if you want , I will bring back the whole store for you . paul Annie , what 's the matter ? annie what 's the matter ? I will tell you what 's the matter . I go out of my way for you . I do everything to try and make you happy . I feed you , I clean you , I dress you . and what thanks do I get ? " you buy the wrong paper , Annie . I can not write on this paper , Annie . " well , I will get you stupid paper , but you just better start show I a little more appreciation around here , mister man . with that , she throw the ream of paper in paul be lap , cause considerable pain . CUT to : the door as she slam it shut , lock it , stomp off and CUT to : the window . Annie , in a parka , can be see storming out in the direction where she Cherokee be park . she get in and drive off . CUT to : paul . he heave a sigh , reach out toward he torture knee , then drop he head . he see something . CUT to : bobby pin on the floor . CUT to : paul , as he move toward the bobby pin . or try to . it 's brutally hard for he . the chair move half a foot . stop . Paul strain again . another half foot . another . CUT to : the bobby pin . the wheelchair be beside it now . paul reach down for it . can not make it . tries again . can not . he take a deep breath , force himself to bend , ignore the pain . the bobby pin be in he hand . CUT to : paul , insert the bobby pin into the keyhole , beginning to jimmy the lock . CUT to : the lock -- it make a SOUND -- something have catch . CUT to : paul , excited , try to force the bobby pin and he 's do great -- until it slip from he hand , fall to the floor again . paul ( furious ) shit ... CUT to : the bobby pin . Paul reach for it . the pain have he . he reach again , involuntarily cry out . but he grab it , clutches it tight . CUT to : the keyhole . Paul be try to jimmy the lock a second time . no luck . CUT to : paul . in wild frustration . paul you have write how to do this -- now do it ! CUT to : the keyhole . there be a loud clicking sound . CUT to : the door as Paul turn the knob . the door open a crack . paul ( amaze ) what do you know , it actually work . CUT to : paul , try to get out of the room -- but it 's a bitch because in order to get to the lock he have to move the wheelchair up to the door and in order to get out , he 's get to maneuver it out of the way of the door and every turn of the chair 's wheel be a effort for he . he work at it and work at it , but he energy be fail he . he 's pale , perspire . finally he succeed , barely force he way into the hall . CUT to : paul , in the hallway outside . he look around for a phone . do not see one . he wheel himself over to the front door , try it . it 's lock from the outside . paul what a surprise . he look off into the live room , and ... CUT to : the telephone CUT to : paul , wheeling into the live room . Dark red predominate . it 's a musty room . over the mantel , a photograph of a six - year - old annie , with she mother and father in front of the family car - - a new 1952 buick . this be happier time . the window have bar on they . as paul begin to wheel as fast as he can toward the phone -- CUT to : the phone as paul at last grab for it , get it , punch the " operator " button -- paul Operator ... ( nothing ) ... operator ... ( wildly frustrated ) ... shit ! he shake the phone . it 's terribly light . he pick it up , turn it over -- it 's hollow , just a shell of a telephone . he stare at it for a long moment , shaking he head , the disappointment plain . paul you crazy bitch ... he put the phone back on the table . CUT to : the general store . day . Annie exit the store , carry new paper , hop into she Cherokee and drive off . CUT to : the study , as paul enter . he look around . it 's stuff with heavy , graceless furniture as well as lot of coffee table cover with knickknack . as he , with effort , wheel across it -- CUT to : a shelf of book . paul sheldon book . every Paul sheldon book . CUT to : paul , pause , look at she collection . the only book on the shelf that be not he be a large scrapbook . the title on the back read " my life . " he glance back at the shelf as he force he wheelchair across the study , and we CUT to : a SMALL table with little ceramic doodad on top . the wheelchair he it , one of the doodad topple -- it 's a penguin , fragile look , and as it 's about to fall to the floor and shatter -- CUT to : paul , grab for it , catch it , put it back where it be . he continue he slow way across the room and CUT to : the hallway . out in the hallway , on he way toward the kitchen , paul notice a door to he right . he wheel over and surprisingly it open . however , this be not a door to the outside of the house , only a storage pantry . he look around -- nothing but can goods , potato chip , cereal and large plastic Coke container , etc . just as he be about to close the door , he notice a open cardboard box . he open the flap and see all kind of prescription drug . among they be a couple of strip of novril encapsulate in blister . he grab they and stuff they into he sweatpant . now he close the pantry door and head to the kitchen . CUT to : the kitchen as paul approach it . he start to wheel he way in , but he have trouble . he back up slightly , wheel forward again -- -- but the door be too narrow for the chair to fit through . he pound he fist on the chair arm , stare as we CUT to : the back door . it 's at the far end of the kitchen lead to the outside . it seem somehow less formidable than the front door do . the window around the kitchen be bar . CUT to : paul , stare at the kitchen door -- -- then without warning , he make he move , start to lower himself out of the chair gently to the floor -- -- only it do not work that way . it 's too awkward , he do not have the strength to maneuver properly -- -- and he body tilt awkwardly out of the chair , slam hard against the hard floor . CUT to : paul , cry out in pain as he land . he lie there for a moment . Little droplet of sweat be on he forehead now . he be hurt . he close he eye , gather strength -- -- and then slowly , very slowly , inch by inch , he move he body across the floor toward the kitchen door . CUT to : the kitchen door . it 's still a long way away . CUT to : paul , ignore he pain , he awkwardness , make he body move . CUT to : the kitchen door . closer now . CUT to : paul , grow pale , but he will not stop , and now the door be just ahead of he , and with he good arm he reach out and up and grab the doorknob -- CUT to : the kitchen door . lock solid . CUT to : paul : close up . the disappointment and anger be plain on he face . his arm drop . he lie still for a moment , panting from he effort . then -- CUT to : paul , and he eye be wide for a moment . you can feel he wild excitement , as we pull back to reveal sitting on the counter : a set of carving knive stick out of a slotted wooden block . they seem to be out of reach , but that do not stop he . he start to crawl over to the counter . CUT to : the road annie be drive along in she Cherokee . she be head home . CUT to : the kitchen now at the counter , paul try to pull himself up with he one good arm , but even though he be able to chin himself up to the top of the counter , he be still unable to reach the knife . he make a desperate attempt which send he crash to the floor . as he start to force he way up again -- from outside there come a sound -- the motor of a car . CUT to : outside annie be annie , drive up to the house . CUT to : the kitchen paul , throw himself back to the floor , start a wild crawl back across the kitchen toward the wheelchair and CUT to : outside annie be annie , get out of she Jeep and CUT to : kitchen paul , crawl , crawl and CUT to : outside annie be annie , walk around to the back of the Jeep and CUT to : kitchen paul , scramble wildly up into he wheelchair , start to get it turn and CUT to : annie be annie , open the back of the Jeep and lift out several rectangular box of paper and CUT to : paul , straighten out now , force the wheelchair to move , and now we be into a race , a craze life - and - death race and the cut go fast -- -- and annie close the door of the car -- -- and paul be suddenly stick , there 's no traction on the rug -- -- ow annie , purchase in hand , start away from the car for the house -- -- and now paul be finally move toward the bedroom . -- and annie be move swiftly toward the front door . -- he drop one of the package of paper . CUT to : paul , still bite down , churn he arm with all the strength he have leave . paul be arm , aching , start to turn to rubber . CUT to : anniee feet , walk quickly across the snow - cover area in front of the house and CUT to : the bedroom door as Paul get through it , shut it , and attack the bedroom lock with the bobby pin and CUT to : annie , unlock the front door of the house and CUT to : the bedroom door , as it lock and CUT to : the front door , unlock and CUT to : annie balance the bundle under she chin as she jiggle the key out of the front door lock and CUT to : paul , soak . annie ( v.o. ) ( she voice from the hallway , close and grow closer ) Paul , I have get you paper . CUT to : paul . he wheel to exactly where he be when she leave he . he at last allow himself a sigh of relief . CUT to : the door as the sound of a lock clicking be hear . annie just the kind you ask for . and as the door open -- CUT to : paul -- look down . Paul 's waistband -- a half a dozen strip of novril ominously stick out . as the door swing open , he quickly cover the novril with this hand . CUT to : annie , in the doorway , a strange look on she face . annie Paul , you be drip with perspiration , you color be very hectic - - what have you be do ? paul you know goddamn well what I have be do -- I 've be sitting here suffering . I need my pill . annie ( tenderly , as she start toward he ) poor dear ... let 's get you back in bed and I will get they for you . paul ( explode - - a real child 's tantrum ) I want my pill now ! annie it will only take a second . paul I want my pain to go ' way , Annie - - make it go ' way , please Annie -- ( she look at he -- you can not tell if she 's buy it or not ) -- please ... CUT to : annie . she stare a moment more , then turn , start for the door . annie ( upset ) it just break my heart to see you like this ... CUT to : paul watch , and the instant she be out the door in the hallway , he stuff the novril into he pants . annie ( o.s. ) ( come closer ) I have do a lot of think on the drive ... CUT to : annie , enter the room , the novril in she hand . she be genuinely contrite . annie ... and I be absolutely convinced that the main reason I have never be more popular be because of my temper . you must be so mad at I . the truth now . she hand he the pill . and roll he over to the bed . paul well , I do not hold grudge . after all , who do not let off a little steam once in a while . CUT to : paul put the pill in he mouth , as she pick he up from the chair and put he gently down in bed . annie my genius need he rest before he write . she hand he a pad and pencil . annie here , in case you think of any idea . paul yeah , well I would not expect too much . annie do not be silly . you will be brilliant . think of I as you inspiration . CUT to : the doorway , as annie start to it . annie I have faith in you ... ( beat ) ... my darling ... on that she turn -- for the first time , a coquettish look come to she face . annie catch this -- ( she throw he a kiss - - it 's grotesque ) -- ummmm -wahhhh . CUT to : paul , summoning up all he courage , as he mime catch it and force a smile on . she wave , close the door . hold on paul . the smile die . he reach in and pull the two novril capsule out of he mouth . now -- CUT to : the SOUND of a helicopter CUT to : inside the helicopter buster and pilot fly along . buster be all bundle up as he stare out , use the binocular ... CUT to : something shiny reflect the sun . hold as it almost blind US -- we're look at the part of Paul 's mustang that be reveal by the snow when buster almost find the car . buster ( to Pilot ) walter , we could be skip lunch today . CUT to : crash site Paul 's car be hoist by chain from the ground and , as it start to rise up into the afternoon air ... pull back to reveal the area by the car -- buster be there and a bunch of state policemen and various media people be there -- buster stand with the state police chief watch as the car be hoist via derrick ; the sound of the powerful motor lift the car be enormous and as the car keep rise higher and higher and people take picture and stare and CUT to : the state police chief be address maybe a dozen reporter . it 's very cold . buster stand slightly away from the group . state police chief the presumption must now be that Paul sheldon be dead . we know he somehow crawle out of he car . but we have be unable to locate he body in the vicinity of the crash . we also know if anyone have find he , they would have take he to a area hospital . his body be undoubtedly out there bury somewhere in the snow . we will find he after the first thaw -- unless the animal have get to he first . ( beat ) I will take question . after the first sentence , a very cold and very unhappy buster leave the gather . CUT to : paul be car as buster study it , especially the area by the driver 's side where there be still dent visible from Annie 's crowbar . virginia move to he now . they exchange a glance , start walk together toward they car . CUT to : the chief , surround -- people be ask question , raise hand for attention , and as he answer they -- CUT to : buster and virginia , close together , walk toward they car . virginia you do not think he 's dead , do you ? buster he might well be . but not the way they say . he do not crawl out of that car by himself . you see that dent on the door -- someone pull he out . virginia it be a old car -- that dent could have be there forever . buster there 's two kind of people that drive around in old car : the one that can not afford new one , and the one who would not give them up for anything in the world . that second bunch do not drive around with twenty - five - year - old dent . as they drive off ... CUT to : paul be room . night . paul lie in bed listen to the strain of " the Love connection , " come from upstairs . as Chuck woolery drone on , Paul be intently involved in fold a piece of paper from he pad . he be make a container of some sort . he finish , then reach down and grab the novril capsule that he have be stashing in the mattress . carefully , he open one and pour it into the palm of he hand . first he smell it -- no odor - - then he take a tiny bit on a finger and taste it -- no taste . then , he take he paper container and empty the content of all the pill into it , then place it under the mattress . now , what to do with the empty capsule . he think for a second , then -- what the hell - - he swallow they . he then place the packet back in the mattress . CUT to : the typewriter . day . the window be visible behind it . from this angle , it almost seem to be stare at paul , break " n " and all . paul test he wounded arm . he 's able to raise it a few inch , but that 's it . CUT to : outside the window annie be visible head for the barn , follow by misery , the pig . for a moment , she stop , turn to look back . annie ( call out ) do not be nervous -- ( beat ) -- just remember , I will treasure whatever you do . now , as she turn again , move quickly away -- CUT to : the typewriter CUT to : paul . he roll in a piece of paper , type briefly . CUT to : what he's written , and it's this : " misery 's retur . " by Paul sheldo for a ie wilk . CUT to : paul , study the paper . he take it out , start to roll in a new sheet . CUT to : the machine as the new sheet be roll in . CUT to : paul , stare at the blank page . he take a deep breath , glance outside , then back to the paper . CUT to : the blank page CUT to : paul , and now there 's a brief light behind he eye and suddenly he type a burst , stare at what he 's write . CUT to : the paper and this word : " fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck . " CUT to : paul . he close he eye briefly , mutter something , kind of nod , open he eye , grab for another piece of paper , roll it in and start mechanically to type . dissolve to : a new piece of paper with the word " chapter two " and a half paragraph of write as we pull back to reveal paul working in he room . annie enter , the first page of manuscript in she hand . it 's dusk . annie I be sorry , Paul . this be all wrong , you will have to do it over again . paul ( totally stunne ) what ? what happen to " I will treasure whatever you do ? " annie Paul , it 's not worthy of you . throw it all out except for the part of name that gravedigger after I . you can leave that in . paul I really value you criticism , but maybe you be be a little hasty here . annie Paul , what you have write just be not fair . paul -- not fair ? annie that 's right -- when I be grow up in bakersfield , my favorite thing in all the world be to go to the movie on Saturday afternoon for the chapter play ... paul ( it just come out ) -- cliff-hanger -- annie ( suddenly angry ) I know that , mister man -- they also call they serial . I be not stupid , you know . ( and she 's a child again ) anyway , my favorite be rocket man , and once it be a no-brake chapter , the bad guy stick he in a car on a mountain road and knock he out and weld the door shut and tore out the brake and start he to he death and he wake up and try to steer and try to get out , but the car go off a cliff before he could escape and it crash and burn and -- I be so upset and excited and the next week you better believe I be first in line and they always start with the end of the last week and there be rocket man try to get out , and here come the cliff and just before the car go off he jump free and all the kid cheer -- ( stand up now ) -- but I do not cheer , I stand right up and start shouting , " this be not what happen last week -- have you all get amnesia ? -- they just cheated US -- this wasn't fair -- " annie : close up . still in she childhood reverie . shout : annie " he didn't get out of the cockadoodie car ! " paul they always cheat like that in cliff -- ( stop himself ) -- chapter play . annie but not you . not with my misery . remember , Ian do ride for Dr. cleary at the end of the last book , but he horse fall jump that fence and Ian break he shoulder and he rib and lay there all night in the ditch so he never reach the doctor , so there could not have be any " experimental blood transfusion " that save she life . misery be bury in the ground at the end , Paul , so you will have to start there . as she go -- paul look at this , I have get lizzie borden for a editor , here . paul slump , stare barefully at the typewriter . dissolve to : outside the farmhouse . night . dissolve to : outside the farmhouse . next morning . CUT to : paul' room . day . paul be at the table . he take the novril off he breakfast tray , wheel over to the bed , and stuff they into the mattress . he hear footstep come down the hall . he smoothly wheel back to the table . a pause . annie enter to remove the tray . annie what 's the matter , Paul ? you have not write a word . paul I can not write this anymore . annie do not be silly . of course you can . paul I be tell you , I can not . annie you can - - you have the " gotta " -- paul the what ? annie the " gotta . " remember , you talk about it in playboy magazine . you say there 's a million thing you can not do in this world ; you can not hit a curve ball , you can not fix a leaky faucet or make a marriage work -- but there 's one thing you always have , and that 's the power of the " gotta . " paul I say that ? annie you say you can make it so they gotta turn the page . you know , " I ' gotta ' know will she live , " " I ' gotta ' know will he catch the killer . " " I gotta see how this chapter end . " you say it . I do not usually buy that magazine . I only get it , ' cause they be interview you . CUT to : paul : close up . blink . paul ( quietly ) what about a bee ...? annie what ? paul nothing . CUT to : the keyboard as the piece of paper slide in and the key start to move . Annie stand there for a moment , then quietly back out of the room . dissolve to : the window . it 's late afternoon . pull back to reveal paul in the wheelchair watch as annie finish read . paul well , be it fair ? should I keep go ? annie you better . oh , Paul , when Ian realize that the reason they would bury misery alive be because the bee sting have put she in that temporary coma -- CUT to : annie , in a fervor . annie -- and when gravedigger wilk remember how thirty year earlier , the same thing have happen to Lady Evelyn - hyde -- ( hand clasped ) -- and then old Dr. cleary deduce that misery must be Lady Evelyn - hyde 's long - lose daughter because of the rarity of deadly bee-sting -- my heart just leapt . CUT to : paul , watch she . it 's as if he have nothing to do with anything she 's read as she go on . annie I have know from the very first book that misery have to be bear of nobility and I be right ! paul ( mumble to himself ) yeah , yeah ... CUT to : the two of they ; she touch the page as if they be gold , rub gently with the tip of she finger . annie oh , Paul , can I read each chapter when you finish ? I can fill in the " n "s . ( Paul nod , and she 's off again ) will she be she old self , now that Ian have dig she out , or will she have amnesia ...? paul ... have to wait . annie will she still love he with that special perfect love ? paul have to wait . annie ( plead ing ) not even a hint ? Paul shake he head . CUT to : annie , spin around the room like a happy child . annie misery 's alive ! misery 's alive . oh , it 's so romantic - - this whole house be go to be fill with romance . I be go to put on my liberace record -- ( stop , look at Paul ) -- you do like liberace , do not you ? paul ( quickly ) whenever he play Radio City , who do you think be right there in the front row ? annie I be go to play my record all day long -- to inspire you -- he 's my all - time favorite . and with that , she start to leave . paul Annie ? she stop at the door . paul would you have dinner with I tonight ? she can not speak . paul to celebrate misery 's return . I could not have do it without you . annie oh , Paul . it would be a honor . annie dash excitedly out of the room . paul wheel over to the bed , pull the packet of novril powder out from the mattress and stuff it in he pants . the sound of liberace play " tammy " with orchestra and chorus boom in from beyond the door . paul Jesus Christ . CUT to : buster' office . dusk . virginia be on the phone . virginia ( into phone ) no , he 's not here . I do not know where he go . he never tell I anything anymore . he 's probably out have a affair somewhere . wait a minute . I think I hear he come . buster enter carry a bagful of book . virginia ( to buster ) it 's Jim Taylor . he want to know who you have be have a affair with . CUT to : buster . he put the bag down , shoot Virginia a look and grab the phone . virginia look in the bag . buster hey , Jim , what 's do ? uh-huh ... uh - huh ... Jim , we have be over this . if you be gonna have bench in front of you store , people be gonna sit on they . I do not like he either , but I be not go to come over there and tell he to move . give my best to denise . bye . virginia ( look through the book ; all paperback misery novel ) well , whoever she be , she sure like to read a lot . buster Virginia , I be flatter you think I get that much energy . I just figure if I can not find Paul sheldon , at least I can find out what he write about . virginia what do you expect to find ? a story about a guy who drive he car off a cliff in a snowstorm ? buster now , you see , it 's that kind of sarcasm that 's give we marriage real spice . CUT to : study . night . paul be sit at a table that Annie have set up with she best china and silverware . it be as romantic as Annie wilk get . annie enter , carry a basket of roll . she sit and serve Paul . annie I hope you like it . paul it look wonderful . and so do you . annie oh ... they eat in awkward silence . finally : paul I have never have meatloaf this good , what do you do to it ? annie my secret be I only use fresh tomato , never can . and to give it that little extra zip , I mix in some spam with the ground beef . paul oh. ( pause ) you can not get this in a restaurant in New York . after another pause : paul Annie , I think we should have a toast . annie a toast ? paul yes , to misery . let I pour you some more wine . Paul pour more of the gallo wine , then raise he glass . annie to misery . paul wait , let 's do this right . do you have any candle ? annie oh , I do not know . I think so . I will go look . she exit into the kitchen . paul quickly pull the packet fill with novril powder from he pants . he empty it into she glass of wine , stuff the empty packet back into he pants , talk the whole time : paul do you study decorate , or do you just have a flair ? annie oh , you . I just pick thing up over the year . paul well , it certainly say you . annie you really think so ? paul absolutely . listen , if you can not find any , it 's okay . I just think it might be nice . annie re-enter with a candle . annie be you kid ? if anyone ever tell I that one day I would be have a candlelit dinner with Paul sheldon in my own house , I woulda check both leg to see which one be be pull . will this do ? paul it 's perfect . she place the candle on the table . with a slight tremor in she hand , she light the candle . paul raise he glass . paul to misery and Annie wilk , who bring she back to life . annie raise she glass . annie oh , Paul , every time I think about it , I get goosebump . they clink glass . and with that , she emotion have get the best of she , she knock over the candle . in try to right the situation , she place she glass back down , and as she reach for the candle , she knock over she glass , spilling the wine . annie ( wiping up the spill wine with she napkin ) oh , God , what have I do ? I be so sorry , Paul . I ruin you beautiful toast . will you ever forgive I ? here , let I pour another one . ( she do ) can we pretend this never happen ? to misery ? paul to misery . so they drink they wine . CUT to : outside the farmhouse . day . the snow , although still present , have melt somewhat . and start now and continue throughout be this : the sound of type . CUT to : paul' room paul , work at he typewriter . CUT to : the manuscript . grow . CUT to : anniee bedroom . dusk . annie , in she room . reading and loving it . CUT to : buster' den . night . buster sit in he de read a misery novel by the fire . virginia bring he a cup of tea . CUT to : paul' room . day . paul , the sling off , move he injure arm . it 's more mobile than before . test he strength , he use he arm to remove the page and place it on the pile . he put in another page and continue to type . CUT to : annie , enter Paul 's room , carry a chapter . handing he a cup of tea . annie Paul , this be positively the best misery you have ever write . paul I think you be right . CUT to : the pile of paper . bigger . CUT to : outside the barn annie , out by the barn . she stare in at the house . frame in the window be paul , work . she smile , enter the barn . CUT to : paul be room . night . he stretch but only briefly , then back to he type . CUT to : the kitchen annie , cooking happily away , read a chapter . CUT to : paul' room paul , arm out of the sling . he manage to lift the typewriter once , set it back down , put the sling back on . CUT to : paul be room . later . annie , bring a tray of food . annie I think it 's so wonderful that misery would sacrifice she title to take up the cause of she people . that 's true nobility . Paul hand she some new page . as she exit , CUT to : buster' office buster , in he office read . he be alone . CUT to : anniee live room . night . Annie be read by the fire . her pig misery sit beside she , stare at the page . CUT to : paul' room . day . his finger just fly , faster than he 's ever type and CUT to : paul be room . night . Paul , stare and CUT to : the pile , grow , grow and CUT to : paul' finger CUT to : paul' room paul , rip open a new ream of paper ... CUT to : paul' room . dusk . his lip move silently . he 's not even aware of it as he nod and ... CUT to : the paper in the typewriter , line after line be write . intercut with : Paul 's face at day , night , and dusk in rapid succession , end with CUT to : anniee farmhouse . night . lightn ! giant deep roll of thunder as rain begin ... CUT to : typewriter be lift out of frame , then back in , then out again . CUT to : paul be room . night . the pile of manuscript have double . maybe two hundred page . paul , with some effort , be pump the typewriter up and down . finally , he place it back down and put he arm back in the sling . CUT to : paul , look outside breifly . CUT to : the rain . worse . the SOUND hit 's the roof of the house , hit the window . CUT to : annie , lumber in -- she 's never look like this : she 's wear she slipper and she pink quilt housecoat . her eye be without life . her hair , loose and straggly , hang around she face . slowly , like a robot , she go to paul , who look silently up at she . annie here 's you pill . she drop they on the table . CUT to : paul , as the pill hit he chest and bounce into he lap . paul Annie , what be it ? CUT to : annie annie ( half turn away , turn back , gesture outside ) the rain ... sometimes it give I the blue . CUT to : annie : close up . and suddenly it 's as if she 's be turn off , go lifeless . CUT to : paul , stare at she . no sound but the rain . CUT to : annie , see straight on . no light in she eye . annie when you first come here , I only love the writer part of Paul sheldon . but now I know I love the rest of he too . as much as misery love ian. ( beat ) I know you do not love I -- do not say you do -- you be a beautiful , brilliant , famous man of the world ; and I be ... not a movie star type . you will never know the fear of lose someone like you if you be someone like I . paul why would you lose I ? annie the book be almost finish . you leg be get better . soon you will be able to walk . you will be want to leave . paul why would I want to leave ? I like it here . annie that 's very kind of you , but I will bet it 's not altogether true . paul it be . she slowly reach into the pocket of she bathrobe and pull out a .38 special . annie I have this gun , and sometimes I think about use it . she be absentmindedly click the empty gun . annie I better go now . I might put bullet in it . robot-like , she cross to the door and leave . as she close and lock the door -- CUT to : paul , stunne , listen , wait -- -- here be the sound of the front door close -- -- then footstep on the outside walk -- -- the sound of a car door open and slamm shut . now come the gunning of the motor . CUT to : the window as annie drive by , hunch over the wheel . the motor sound grow fainter , faint ... CUT to : buster and virginia's bedroom . night . buster and virginia be lie in bed . buster be read yet another misery novel , misery 's Trial . Virginia be also read . buster " there be a justice higher than that of man . I will be judge by him . " virginia what ? buster they be haul misery into court . virginia that 's nice . buster ( mutter under he breath ) " there be a justice higher than that of man -- I will be judge by him . " CUT to : anniee kitchen . the kitchen knive on the counter . CUT to : paul , now use both arm , force he body up toward they . this be not easy , it be a bitch the first time he try it , but nothing 's go to stop he now . he 's lean against the cupboard , use it for balance -- -- he balance start to go but he will not let it as we CUT to : the knive , as he hand grab the large one , a fat-handled sharp beauty and CUT to : paul , and you can sense the relief as he begin to lower himself to the floor . CUT to : the study paul , back in he wheelchair , knife in he lap , carefully open drawer of little table , look inside . he close they , move on , unmindful of the rain . now -- CUT to : the shelf of paul sheldon book . as before -- -- except the " my life " scrapbook be go . CUT to : paul , glance around -- -- and there it be , on a coffee table in the live room . also on the table be a roll of scotch tape , a pair of scissors , and a copy of Newsweek . Paul wheel toward the table and the book , which be as big as a folio Shakespeare play and as thick as a family Bible . CUT to : the live room paul , open the book . CUT to : the first page of the book , as Paul open it . it 's a newspaper clipping as be almost all of what follow . a small article : simply a birth announcement for Anne Marie wilk . paul turn the page . this headline read : " investment banker Carl wilk die in freak fall . " " usc nursing Student die in freak fall . " that 's the headline on the next page . now : " miss wilk be nursing School honor Graduate . " Paul turn the page . Manchester , New Hampshire , Union leader : " Ernest gonyar , 79 , die after Long illness . " now that phrase seem to be what catch we eye - - " after long illness " be from the next article . " Long illness " from the one after that . then , on the next page , a variation : " short illness . " now we be in Pennsylvania : " New Hospital staff announced . " and here come that phrase again on page after page - - " after Long illness . " " after Long illness . " " after Long illness . " CUT to : paul , transfix ; he keep on turn the page -- the state keep change , move west . Pennsylvania to Minnesota , Minnesota to North dakota . and always the clipping report death and death and -- -- and now we be in Colorado . " new head maternity nurse name . " and now the dead be young and helpless ; baby . more and more of they . paul ( stunne ) Holy shit . then a headline which read : " head maternity nurse questioned on infant death " next page : " miss wilk released . " next page : " three more infant die . " next page , at last : " dragon lady arrested . " then a photo : the front page of the Rocky Mountain gazette . Annie on the courthouse step . " dragon lady claim innocence , " under which there be a statement by Annie wilk . Paul turn quickly to the next page and a very large headline : " dragon lady found not guilty " paul just sit there , shaking he head in bewilderment . CUT to : the book , as Paul turn the last page . CUT to : paul , stunne and now we find out why , as we CUT to : the page in the book . it 's a article from Newsweek magazine , a picture of Paul 's car be haul up out of the snow . above it this caption : " presumed Dead -- Paul sheldon . " CUT to : paul . slam the book shut , put it back on the coffee table , then quickly turn he wheelchair as we CUT to : paul , steering he wheelchair toward the front door . he try to position himself for a surprise attack of annie , but he can not find a way to get close enough . the wheelchair be too cumbersome . he look around and decide to head back to he room . he be face with the same problem there -- so he struggle into bed and , lie on he back , he rest the knife on he chest and stare up at the ceiling . dissolve to : paul' window , hour later . the rain have stop . CUT to : paul -- try to stay awake . after a few beat , he hear something . it 's the sound of a car pulling up . headlight can be see flash through the window . paul grip the knife and hide it under the cover . the sound of a car door open and close , then footstep . as the front door open , paul gird himself for attack . the front door close , then a couple of footstep . then silence . then the footstep continue down the hall and up the stair . after a beat , we hear the television . someone be explain how you can buy million of dollar of prime real estate with no money down . paul , allow himself to relax , slip the knife under the mattress . as the tv drone on , Paul lie stare up at the ceiling . dissolve to : outside the farmhouse . night . we hear a clap of thunder and once again the rain pour down . CUT to : close up : paul -- eye close . there be another loud thunderclap which cause Paul to stir and open he eye . he turn he head and another clap of thunder be hear , lightning flash and reveal annie stand over he bed . before he can react , she jab a needle into he arm , pull it out and start out of the room . paul try to raise himself , but the power of the drug cause he to collapse , unconscious . CUT to : the room . early morning . it 's stop raining , paul lie asleep . now , surprisingly , we hear a voice we have never hear in the movie before -- loud -- for a instant we do not recognize the voice , then we do : it 's liberace talk to he audience on a record go , " thank you , thank you , what a wonderful thing it be for I to be back with you in Paris ... " paul stir and awaken to discover that he be strapped to he bed . he can move he arm , but that 's it . CUT to : annie , stand in the room , and she look very together ; she eye be bright . too bright . Way too bright . she come to the foot of he bed . CUT to : paul , groggy from be drugge , try to clear the cobweb . annie ( in a soft voice ) Paul , I know you have be out . paul what ? annie you have be out of you room . paul no , I have not . annie Paul , my little ceramic penguin in the study always face due south . paul I do not know what you be talk about . paul look up at she - - he be totally honest and sincere . as he talk , he hand surreptitiously begin move toward the mattress edge . CUT to : annie , as she bring the fat-hand lead knife out of she skirt pocket . annie be this what you be look for ? I know you have be out twice , Paul . at first , I could not figure out how you do it , but last night I find you key . ( she hold up the bobby pin ) I know I leave my scrapbook out , and I can imagine what you might be think of I . but you see , Paul , it 's all okay . CUT to : annie , as she walk slowly back to the foot of the bed . and now a thump come from the foot of the bed . something be out of sight . CUT to : paul , stare at she ; wait . annie last night it come so clear . I realize you just need more time . eventually , you will come to accept the idea of be here . Paul , do you know about the early day at the kimberly diamond mine ? do you know what they do to the native worker who steal diamond ? do not worry , they do not kill they . that would be like junking a mercede just because it have a break spring -- no , if they catch they they have to make sure they could go on work , but they also have to make sure they could never run away . the operation be call hobbling . and with that , she reach down out of sight and come up hold a 16 - inch piece of 4 x 4 wood . paul Annie , whatever you be think about , do not do it . CUT to : annie . she wedge the 4 x 4 firmly between he leg , just above the ankle , secure it and adjust he foot . annie now do not fuss , Paul . paul why would I run away ? I be a writer , Annie - - it 's all I be -- and I have never write this well - - even you say that this be my best , do not you ? annie pick up a sledgehammer . paul do not you ? why would I leave a place where I be do my best work ? it do not make any sense . CUT to : annie , positioning herself to the side of he right ankle . annie shh , darling , trust I -- ( take aim at he ankle ) it 's for the best . she take the sledgehammer back . paul Annie , for God 's sake , please . as annie swing , the sledgehammer make contact with the ankle . it break with a sharp crack . CUT to : paul : close up , shriek . CUT to : annie , move to the other side of the bed . annie almost do , just one more . and as she break the other ankle , paul shriek even louder . CUT to : annie : close up . annie God , I love you ... CUT to : paul' face . he be beyond agony . fade to black : for a long moment , nothing . then ... a faint SOUND . after a moment , it begin to become more intrusive and we can tell what it be : a car horn honking . fade in on : silver creek and annie in she Cherokee , honking for another car to get a move on . CUT to : a hand and a coin moving across it , from finger to finger . pull back to reveal buster , sit by the front window of he office , read the Rocky Mountain gazette . he watch idly as annie yell out the window to the car in front of she . the driver of the car yell back . Annie yell louder . the Driver gun off , and Annie pull into the parking space next to the General store . CUT to : annie , get out , shaking a fist at the other car , call out , " you poop ! " she enter the store . CUT to : buster , stare straight ahead . something be gnaw at he . CUT to : virginia , in he office , tidy the desk . buster enter , look angry . buster just leave it , all right ? virginia oh , I like that tone . buster how many time do I have to tell you -- I have a system here . ( root through a pile of papers ) where the hell be that thing ? virginia what thing ? buster that thing . ( find what he 's look for , a 3 x 5 card ) here it be . right where it 's suppose to be . virginia what be it ? buster I be not sure . maybe nothing . virginia it 's good you find it . buster there 's that spice again . as buster leave , virginia go back to tidy the desk . CUT to : a large library as buster leave he car , hurry inside and CUT to : library stack buster , wear bifocal , sit poring over bound volume of the Rocky Mountain gazette . CUT to : buster , frustrated , put one set of volume down , pick up another , start through it , as we CUT to : the rocky mountain gazette , as the page turn . -- only now they stop move . CUT to : buster , tense , adjust he bifocal . CUT to : a series of headline pertain to Annie wilk ' murder trial . CUT to : a headline which read , " dragon lady claim innocence . " under a picture of annie on the courthouse step , we see a caption : " wilk tell reporter on the courthouse step , ' there be a higher justice than that of man ; I will be judge by him . ' " CUT to : buster . he take the 3 x 5 card out of he pocket . CUT to : the card -- on it be print the exact quote we just see in the paper . CUT to : buster , sit there , stare at the quote . buster interesting . hold on he face , then -- CUT to : annie , carry a bag of feed , follow by misery , the sow , come into view . she slow , smile , wave -- annie hi , punkin . CUT to : paul , stare out at she . annie give we a smile ? ( Paul give she the finger . she laugh ) such a kidder . as she exit we view -- CUT to : paul , lift the typewriter and repeatedly raise it over he head , this time without any difficulty . CUT to : the general store in silver creek . early afternoon . buster enter . the place be empty . it 's one of that wonderful spot that stock pretty much everything in what seem like complete disarray . buster go to the coffee urn behind the counter , help himself . he speak to the guy who sit behind the counter nearby ; this two have know each other forever . buster hey , Pete . pete buster . buster answer I a couple thing ? pete if I can . buster do you have any of that new Paul sheldon book ? pete we have a batch . sold them all in three day . buster you would not happen to remember if miz wilk buy one , would you ? pete be you kid ? every time that fella write a book , she make I set aside the first copy . buster open the cash register , drop he coffee money inside , close the register . buster have she be buy any odd thing lately ? pete miz wilk ? same old stuff . ( beat ) -- lest you call paper odd . buster newspaper ? pete ( mime type ) no , the type kind . CUT to : buster : close up buster oh . that kind . nothing odd about that . he can not hide he excitement now as we -- CUT to : annie , enter Paul 's room . he lie back in the wheelchair , eye close . liberace music play in the background . from the start , paul' tone be different -- strong , he 's in control . annie Paul , do not you think it 's time for you to start write again ? it 's be over a week . paul I do not know , it 's weird , but a couple of break bone have not do a lot for my creative juice . get the fuck out of here . annie do not talk to I like that . paul ( stare at she now ) why , what be you go to do ? ( spread he arm wide ) kill I ? take you best shot . annie ( take aback ) why be you so mean , mister you would - be - dead - in- the-snow - if - it - be not - for - I ? paul oh , no reason , you keep I prisoner , you make I burn my book , you drive a sledgehammer into my ankle ... annie I will drive a sledgehammer into you man-gland if you be not nicer -- paul ( he spread he leg ) be my guest . annie ( after a beat ) that 's disgusting . as she exit . CUT to : a road . empty . hold for a moment -- now a car appear around a curve . CUT to : the car . buster be drive fast . CUT to : paul in he room . he sit as before , by the window . he do not move . now he close he eye , stretch , sigh as we CUT to : the kitchen annie , busily make cocoa . CUT to : buster in he car . he stop at a mailbox . the name on the box be wilk . buster turn he car slowly into the driveway by the mailbox . CUT to : paul . he yawn , open he eye briefly . close they . in the distance now , grow more and more visible be buster 's car -- -- and now paul be eye go open wide , and he 's stare out the window at the car as it keep on come , closer , closer and CUT to : buster , look around . he 's drive very slowly , carefully . CUT to : paul . fixate on the window and now it 's all go to be all right , everything 's go to be all right -- -- and then annie be on he , hypodermic needle in hand , jabbing it into he arm . he desperately try to fight she off , but the drug start to take hold . he try to grab she by the neck , but she fight he off as she wheel he out of the room , down the hall and towards the cellar door . annie I do not think I will ever understand you . I cook you meal , I tend to you practically twenty - four hour a day , and you continue to fight I . when be we go to develop a sense of trust ? annie open the cellar door . paul be all but limp by now . as she pick he up and start to carry he down the step -- CUT to : buster pull up in front of the house . as he get out of he car -- CUT to : annie place Paul on the cellar floor and head up the stair . paul be out . CUT to : buster head up the step to the front door . CUT to : annie stashing the wheelchair in the hall closet . she cross to the front door , open it , revealing buster . annie ( gasp ) oh , my ! buster sorry , do not mean to startle you . you do not give I a chance to knock . annie ( all charm ) guess you can tell from my reaction , I be not all that use to visitor out here . what can I do for you ? buster I be just wonder if you happen to know anything about Paul sheldon . annie ( stammer ) what do you want to know ? buster anything you can tell I might help . CUT to : annie . the word pour out -- annie well , he be bear in worcester , Massachusetts , forty - two year ago , the only child of Franklin and helene sheldon , mediocre student , majore in history ... CUT to : buster , watch she , surprised . buster ( cut in ) Excuse I , that 's not exactly the kind of information I be after . you see , he 's be miss for quite some time now , and ... annie I know . it 's so upsetting . I be he number- one fan ... I have get all he book , every sentence he ever put down . I be so proud of my Paul sheldon collection ... ( stop suddenly , almost embarrassed ) ... here I be , prattling on and my manners have just fly away . I have not invite you in . please . buster thank you . annie let buster in , close the door . they linger in front of Paul 's door . buster idly check out the hallway . annie ' course you must know about that horrible accident . buster nod and wander into the live room . annie follow . he cross into the study and check out a bookcase that contain the complete work of Paul sheldon . one shelf below contain Annie 's infamous scrapbook . annie almost kill I , too . I pray when I hear the news . I get down on my knee and begge for it not to be true . CUT to : annie . she 's so move . buster wander into the kitchen . annie you be go to laugh at what I be about to say , but go ahead , I do not care ... ( beat ) ... when I be praying , God tell I to get ready . CUT to : buster , watch she . this be not at all what he expect . buster get ready for what ? CUT to : paul , try to fight the drug ; just he eye flutter . CUT to : annie and buster head back down the hallway toward Paul 's room . annie to try and be he replacement - - he give so much pleasure to so many people and there 's a shortage of pleasure on this planet this day , in case you have not notice . buster enter Paul 's room . annie follow . annie God tell I , since I be he number - one fan , that I should make up new storey as if I be Paul sheldon . so , go to town . and I buy a typewriter . and paper to type on . the same kind Paul sheldon use . and I turn the guest bedroom into a write studio . would you like to see it ? buster sure . annie it 's right this way . buster take a look in the bathroom . annie wait for he . annie it 's right here . I know how he write , the kind of word he use , the wonderful storey he tell -- ( move ) -- I have spend the last four week try to write like Paul sheldon . ( sad shake of the head ) but I can not do it right . I try and I try and I know all the word -- ( eye close in despair ) -- but it 's just not the same . CUT to : buster . he just stand there , watch she . buster well ... ( long pause ) ... maybe it take time to get the hang of it . annie ( hold up page from the manuscript ) I could give you a couple of hundred page of mine , and you could tell I what you think . buster I be not much of a critic . annie well , I just think - - oh , look at I . you would think I would never have a house guest before . would you like something to drink ? buster sure . annie how do a nice cup of cocoa sound ? buster sound good . as she exit into the kitchen . annie there 's some already make . buster linger in Paul 's room for a beat , then go into the hallway . buster must get lonely , live out here all by yourself . annie I always say if you can not enjoy you own company , you be not fit company for anyone else . buster you get a point there ... as buster move up the stair -- CUT to : paul , still fight the drug . his arm twitches almost involuntarily , graze the barbecue . CUT to : buster open the door to Annie 's room . he look around and just as he be about to turn to leave -- CUT to : annie , stand right in front of he . annie here you be . buster head down the stair , annie follow . buster thanks , miz wilk , but I do not want to take up any more of you time . I best be go . annie but you do not even taste you cocoa . they cross to the front door . buster I be sure it 's wonderful , but really should be get back . buster open the door . CUT to : paul stir . CUT to : buster and annie at the door . buster if you do not mind , perhaps I could pay you another visit sometime . annie I would be delighted . now that you know the way ... with that , she close the door . we stay with buster . he stand on the front porch for a beat , think , then start head down the porch step . just as he reach about halfway down , we hear a loud crash come from inside the house . CUT to : paul -- he have manage to partially fight he way through the drug , and in waking have accidentally knock over the barbecue . he fight to clear the cobweb . CUT to : buster miz wilk , be you all right ? there be no answer . he quietly move into the house . buster miz wilk ? again , no answer . CUT to : paul , still fight to gain complete consciousness . paul ( weakly ) here . I be down here . down here . CUT to : buster . hear Paul 's muffle call for help , he track the sound to the cellar door . as paul continue to call out , buster look around , see no one , and open the cellar door . the shaft of light from the open door pour down on Paul , who be still lie on the floor . buster Mr. sheldon ? but before Paul can answer , there 's the sound of a loud explosion . seemingly from nowhere a hole be rip through buster 's chest , knock he out of frame , revealing Annie , smoking shotgun in hand , stand at the top of the cellar step . annie do not feel bad , Paul . it have to happen . I have be wait for this sign . annie walk toward buster' body and very casually take he gun out of its holster . annie I have know for some time why I be choose to save you . you and I be mean to be together forever . but now we time in this world must end . but do not worry , Paul . I have already prepare for what must be do . I put two bullet in my gun , one for you and one for I . oh , darling , it will be so beautiful . with that , annie turn and exit the cellar . Paul 's mind race desperately . he look at the barbecue again . next to it be a messy table with a dozen jar and can on it . CUT to : the table . one of the can be lighter fluid . CUT to : paul . he stare at it for a moment . a idea hit he -- -- now , paul struggle and crawl over to the table . he grab the lighter fluid in he hand , jam it into the rear of he pants and scramble back to where annie leave he . CUT to : annie return with she .38 special and a hypodermic needle . she stop at the top of the stair . annie now do not be afraid . I love you . she start toward he . paul I know you do . I love you too , Annie . ( this stop she ) and you be right . we be mean to be together . and I know we must die . but it must be so that misery can live . we have the power to give misery eternal life . we must finish the book . annie but the time be now . soon other will come . paul it 's almost do . by dawn we will be able to give misery back to the world . annie stare at Paul . she could go either way on this . then , without a word , she turn and go back up the stair . annie here , Paul . I will fix you something to eat . she exit . paul hesitates for a moment , then realize he have no choice . he start drag himself over buster and up the stair . CUT to : paul be room . night . paul work . type like a madman , totally concentrate on the white paper . his lip move but he 's not even aware of it . annie enter quietly , hold a few page . annie oh , Paul . it 's beautiful . paul Three more chapter to go . she look at he now , enthralled . annie the stranger stay at the Inn , be he someone from misery 's past ? paul maybe . annie this be so exciting . it 's windthorne , she first love , right ? paul maybe . be you ready for the next chapter ? he taunt she with it . annie ( brim with enthusiasm ) oh you ! she take the page and go . CUT to : paul be room . later . paul type a moment then rip out the page and start over . CUT to : annie , put the coffee down for he , put the page back on the main pile . annie ( more excited now than the last time ) it be windthorne . I know it -- what do that do to she love for Ian ? -- ( think ) -- of course , if she have not think windthorne be murder she never would have fall in love with Ian in the first place . ( Paul glare at she , she turn to the door ) sorry , it 's just that this be so wonderful . paul I be glad you like it . annie Paul , this will be we legacy . paul it will . he hand she a few more page , she start read as she exit . CUT to : paul be room . much later . paul rub he eye . for a moment , he sag , but he fight it . he put a clean page into the typewriter . annie burst in . annie oh , Paul . I be die . do she wind up with Ian or windthorne ? you have to tell I . paul you will know very soon . I be start the last chapter . and when I finish , I want everything to be perfect . I will require three thing . annie what thing ? paul you do not know ? annie ( smile ) I be fool , silly . ( tick they off ) you need a cigarette , because you use to smoke but you quit except when you finish a book , and you just have one , and the match be to light it . and you need one glass of champagne . ( think ) dome pear-igg -non . paul dome pear-igg - non it be . as annie exit . CUT to : the window the first light of morning be start to break through . CUT to : paul , stretch . he make sure everything be set . paul ( call out ) Annie ! Annie ! with that , she enter . annie yes , Paul . paul I be almost do . annie oh , Paul , this be so romantic . Ian and windthorne dueling for the right to misery 's hand . do Ian win ? oh , do not I . it 's windthorne , right ? paul you will know everything in a minute . get the champagne . annie ( die from the suspense ) ahh !!! she exit ; paul adjust the manuscript on the table and then type the last line . CUT to : annie in the kitchen . she take the bottle of dom perignon out of the icebox , place it on a tray with two glass -- open a drawer - - take out the gun -- place it in she pocket -- then take out the hypodermic needle and place it on the tray . CUT to : paul' room annie enter with the tray . she set it down on the table . annie do I do good ? paul you do perfect . except for one thing . this time we need two glass . he take the last page out of the typewriter . annie oh , Paul . as soon as she exit , paul drop the manuscript to the floor , pull the lighter fluid from he pants , and start dousing the manuscript with lighter fluid . he grab the last chapter and twist the last few page together torch style . he douse it with the fluid and hold the match out of sight . he smile as we CUT to : annie enter with the second glass ... paul it 's all right here , Annie . remember how for all that year no one ever know who misery 's real father be , or if they would ever be reunite ? it 's all right here . will misery finally lead she countryman to freedom ? do she finally marry Ian or will it be windthorne ? it 's all right here . CUT to : the match , as he strike it and CUT to : annie scream -- annie Paul , you can not . and as she hand fly out beseechingly -- CUT to : the champagne bottle -- it fall to the floor , explode like a torpedo , shard of glass all over , curd of foam everywhere -- paul why not ? I learn it from you ... and on that -- CUT to : the last chapter as Paul bring the match close to it and it burst into flame . and Paul , hold it like the torch it be . Annie start move forward now . annie no , no , not misery -- not my misery ...! he drop the last chapter into the soak manuscript and CUT to : the manuscript , as kaboom ! , it burst into flame and -- CUT to : annie , transfix by the sight for a moment , -- and then she charge . CUT to : the FIRE as annie rush to the book , stoops down , grab it with both hand , bring the burn mass up to she body , both arm across it , try to smother the flame -- CUT to : paul , grab the typewriter , raise it high above he head , then throw it down on she with all he power and CUT to : the typewriter , crash into the back of she head . CUT to : annie , scream , drive to the floor by the blow , the book beneath she , and the flame fly up , she sweater be start to burn and she 's cover with shard of glass from the shattered bottle of champagne and some of the manuscript be hiss from the liquid , but she be able to struggle to she knee -- annie I be go to kill you , you lie cocksucker ... as she struggle to she foot , she pull out the gun and shoot at Paul , hit he in the shoulder . just as she 's about to shoot again , Paul quickly wheel the chair up to she , throw himself out of the chair , and tackle she . the gun fly out of she hand and land in the hallway , go off as it land . they wrestle on the floor . flame still around they , paul get on top of she , grab some burn page , stuff they into she mouth , shouting -- paul here . here . you want it ? you want it ? you can eat it -- eat it -- eat it till you fuck choke -- you sick , twisted fuck . and as he force more paper into she mouth -- CUT to : annie , and she 's hideous -- blister , she hand claw at she throat . she make horrible sound , spitting the char chunks of manuscript out of she mouth . shard of glass be in she hair . now a shriek and a tremendous jerk of she body and CUT to : paul , fall away -- CUT to : annie , still make the sound as she get to she foot , and CUT to : paul , try to crawl away after she . CUT to : annie -- head for the door , she take a step away from Paul , then another , then CUT to : paul , suddenly kick out with he shattered leg , scream in pain as it crash into she ankle and CUT to : annie , try to keep she balance , not do well , she arm windmill as she fight for balance one last moment , fight and lose , and now , as she topple over -- CUT to : the typewriter as she fall and she head slam into it , collide with the sharp metal and a great wound open in she head . there be one final cry . blood pour . it 's over . all over . we be look at a dead body . CUT to : paul , exhaust , panting , lie there , try to gather he energy . he start to crawl for the door . just as he reach the doorjamb , a arm grab he leg , and CUT to : paul , shriek , and CUT to : annie , pull herself up he body and CUT to : paul , try to buck she off , but he can not and CUT to : annie , the stronger , relentless , move up on he , and CUT to : paul , he grip break as he turn and CUT to : annie , all - powerful , loom over he and CUT to : paul , hit up at she and CUT to : annie , swell , and the blood pour down and if she feel he blow she do not show it and CUT to : paul , whatever energy he have leave he use now , try to twist and strike and as he body move -- CUT to : metal base floor lamp and CUT to : paul , grab the thing , suddenly bring it across he body , clobber Annie in the face and CUT to : annie , startle by the power of the blow and for a moment she be stop and CUT to : paul , as with everything he have leave , he crunch she forehead with the sharp heavy metal base , just creams she as the air be force out of she -- CUT to : annie . her eye roll up into she head . for a moment all we see be the white -- -- then she collapse on paul , a motionless mountain of slack flesh . CUT to : paul , scramble free , push she off he , crawl for the door -- CUT to : -- outside the door , as paul crawl into view , make it to the corridor , reach back , close the door , lock it . safe , he collapse , exhaust against the wall opposite the door . dissolve to : paul . hour later . it be dawn . he be awaken by a loud smash at the front door . after a couple of heart - stop pound , CUT to : the front door smashes open , revealing two cop with gun draw . the policemen , hurry to paul . the younger cop kneel beside Paul . younger cop it 's the writer -- the dead one -- paul ( try to keep himself together ) -- right ! I be the dead one -- older cop where 's sheriff mccain ? paul he 's in the cellar . she kill he . older cop Annie wilk ? paul yeah . she 's in there . CUT to : the older cop , take the key to the room , unlock the door , throw it open , and as he step inside -- CUT to : inside the bedroom the older cop have he gun ready to fire , but even with it tight in he hand , he 's edgy as hell . he look around -- -- glass and bloodstain on the floor . the char remain of a manuscript . he kneel quickly , glance under the bed -- nothing . he look at the window -- wide open . CUT to : paul and the younger cop . pause . the older cop be in the doorway now . older cop Mr. sheldon ? there 's no one in there . CUT to : paul : close up . in shock . dissolve to : palm court , plaza HOTEL this legend appear : one year later marcia sindell be seat at a table . paul enter , walk briskly , and he 's never look this good before . he 's gain he weight back , he color be normal again . he appear to be , for the first time in the movie , a jaunty , happy figure . paul sorry I be late . Jenny 's basketball game go into overtime . if anybody ever tell I I would have a daughter who would get a triple double , I would ... sindell do they win ? paul yeah . they be in the semis . sindell here it be . ( big moment ) very first copy . and she hand he a wrap package . paul sit , begin unwrap it . it 's a book . a new one by Paul sheldon . the Higher Education of J. Phillip Stone . Paul turn it over gently in he hand . CUT to : sindell sindell the word I be get be the Times review be gonna be a love letter . paul that would be a first . sindell and my contact at time and Newsweek tell I they be both rave . and do not laugh -- for the first time , I think you have get a shot at some prize . paul ( flatly ) great . sindell I think you would be thrilled . you be be take seriously . paul I be delighted the critic be like it , and I hope the people like it , too . but it 's not why I write the book . CUT to : paul : close up . there be a genuine sense of peace about he . he have be through the fire and survive . paul I like it . remember how you once say I live my whole life as if I be in danger of be find out ? well , I believe I have manage to get that guy down on paper . ( he touch the book . beat . ) do not think I be completely nut , but in some way , Annie wilk , that whole experience , help I . sindell Paul , since you bring she up , I have to ask you this , or I would be drumm out of the agent ' union -- what about a non-fiction book ? the truth about what go on in that house . paul gee , marcia , if I do not know you better , I would think you be suggest I dredge up the worst horror of my life just so we could make a few buck . sindell now you have hurt I , Paul . as Paul glance around ... CUT to : paul , look past marcia . CUT to : dessert trolley , some distance away , be push by a waitress . it be annie . CUT to : paul and sindell sindell I think you be over it . paul I be . well , maybe not completely -- he glance toward the trolley . CUT to : the dessert trolley , move inexorably closer to paul . annie reach down and pull out a very sharp knife . CUT to : paul and sindell paul I do not know if you can ever be totally over something like that -- I just do not think about it as much anymore , and when I do , it 's not so terrifying . CUT to : annie , with the knife raise . CUT to : paul , stare up at annie . paul I mean , once they find she body , my nightmare stop . CUT to : paul and annie -- only it be not Annie , just a waitress . she stand by the trolley , the knife in she hand , ready to slice whatever anyone want . waitress would you care for anything ? paul ( smile ) cut I something sinful ... CUT to : paul . the smile hold . in the background now , soft music : someone might be play " liberace . " hold on paul final fade out : the end