ms . sloane written by Jonathan perera United talent Agency Peter dodd & carolyn sivitz ( 310 ) 273-6700 management sgc Scott carr ( 323 ) 839-9675 1/11/2015 fade in : int . U.S. congress - waiting room - day elizabeth sloane ( 48 ) stare at we contemptuously . articulate , quick -witted and direct : elizabeth lobby be about foresight . about anticipate you opponent 's move and devise countermeasure . the winner plot one step ahead of the opposition , and play she trump card just after they play theirs . she 's actually speak to she attorney , daniel posner ( 40s ) , who stand , frustrated , as that be not the answer he want . posner tell I you be go to take this seriously when you be in there . he motion to the door . a atmospheric buzz of anticipation emanate from behind it . Elizabeth be seat , unruffled . elizabeth it 's about make sure you surprise they , and they do not surprise you . posner you be gonna say that ? come on , again : ( interrogatory ) could you please describe the nature of you work ? elizabeth ( petulant ) upon the advice of counsel , I must respectfully decline to answer you question , base on my rights under the fifth amendment to the United States constitution . posner clap sarcastically . posner that word - when you be not take the oath or confirm detail - that word , in that order , be all you be gonna say . ( interrogatory ) Ms. sloane , on average , would you say you bribe public official more or less than once a month ? elizabeth upon the advice of counsel - be I allow to deviate slightly ? on the advice of counsel ? on the advice of my attorney ? I understand if that last one 's too adventurous for you . posner you do not - elizabeth this would be a whole lot easier if I could just shout ' fifth 's . posner no deviation . elizabeth can I use a silly voice ? ( silly voice ) upon the advice of counsel ... that 's the last straw . posner deflate , shut down . a pause . the first time we hear the full extent of the ruckus outside the wait room . softly : posner this be not a joke . they want you behind bar . you make one statement , correct one nefarious allegation , that 's it . you waive you right to the fifth and you be compel to answer everything . you be be take to the woodsh in front of the national press , they be gonna rile you so bad they have make Gandhi wanna cut they tongue out . elizabeth Daniel . when I take the stand , you 'il see nothing but a granite wall . posner good . Elizabeth stand up straight , shoulder back . she make a minor adjustment to she professional business attire . no one but she would have notice the near-imperceptible blemish . posner glance at he watch . posner ( cont 'd ) you be on in five . ( extend hand ) Ms. sloane . good luck . she do not shake . elizabeth you be on retainer , Mr. posner , to remove luck from the equation . with a subtle shake of the head , posner turn and trudge out . the pervasive buzz ratchet up the second the door be open , and mute once more as it close . now alone , Elizabeth exhales deeply , a valve abruptly unblocked . as if suddenly weak in the knee , she sit back down . stare into the middle distance ; determination extingiush from she eye . she snatch she fendi handbag and rummages in it . her hand now tremble , nerve take hold . she find what she 's look for - a small trinket BOX . she consider it for a moment , hand still fidget . her eye snap shut . deep breaths to calm a racing heart . breathe . breathe ... breathe . definitively , she close she palm on the box as that determine eye blink back into existence . Elizabeth step to the desk and rocket the trinket box into the trash can . she grab she handbag and stride out , head hold high . ext . UNITED states capitol - day a reporter give a live news update . reporter Elizabeth sloane be set to take the stand for the first time any moment now ; the controversial lobbyist face charge of bribery and corruption - int . congressional hearing room - day super : September 14 , 2015 the biggest hearing room available to Congress be pack to the rafter . journalist jostle for a better position . the public gallery full of important - look suit . tv camera pan the room . every square inch take . the knife be out . cross -fade news report : analyst ( v.o. ) «+ . traditionally a free-market and anti-tax advocate , Elizabeth sloane have more recently lead a full - frontal assault on the second amendment , go up against the gun lobby in support of the heaton -harris amendment on gun control ; a veritable David versus . goliath battle for the veteran strategist . Congress be set to allege that Ms. sloane have make a career out of subverting american democracy ... anchor ( v.o. ) allegation abound of dirty trick , from giant inflatable rodent to hire movie extras to ... a barrage of flashbulb greet Elizabeth and posner as they enter the arena , flanke by four capitol police officer . the media go into overdrive . elizabeth this be tight . you have think they have choose a more appropriate venue . posner turn out the redskin have a home game . Elizabeth take the stand to face seven congressmen . Three sit on either side of the man lead the assault : Congressman ron M. sperling ( 60 , D - Ohio ) , Chairman of the House Committee on Ways and means . a doddery old bumpkin , harmlessly paternal , chummy and relatable . he speak with the solemn authority of someone do the moral , wholesome bid of the people . congressman sperling please raise you right hand . do you solemnly swear that you will tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth , under pain and penalty of perjury ? elizabeth I do . congressman sperling please sit . will the witness please state she full name for the record ? elizabeth madeline Elizabeth sloane . congressman sperling and could the witness please confirm this detail be accurate , aaahhh ... ( fumble through note ) date of birth , September 18 , 1966 , current address , 4 heron Court , chevy chase section 5 , Montgomery County , maryland ? elizabeth correct . congressman sperling you win a academic scholarship to study Law at Yale University , where you graduate summa cum laude ? elizabeth yes . congressman sperling and you be employ by Cole , kravitz and waterman LLP for a ten year period between 2004 and 2014 , before move earlier this year to - elizabeth eleven year period . congressman sperling Excuse I ? elizabeth there be eleven year between 2004 and 2014 . 5. that kill he momentum . he refer back to he note , shake he head . one of he staffer will pay for that . Elizabeth smile very faintly . a small victory . posner shake he head . congressman sperling what be the nature of you work at Cole , kravitz and waterman LLP ? elizabeth ( deep breath ) upon the advice of counsel , I must respectfully decline to answer you question , base on my rights under the fifth amendment to the United States constitution . a mute groan from the press as they expectation be meet . she 's true to she word . a wall of granite . congressman sperling do you , November 29th of last year , accept as a client the government of the African Republic of kenya , for the purpose of campaigning against the levy of additional Federal duty on the importation of palm oil into the United States ? elizabeth upon the advice of counsel , I must respectfully decline to answer you question , base on my rights ... and so it continue . int . cole , kravitz and waterman LLP - bathroom - day - past super : 7 month prior Elizabeth , swamp and run on fume , be follow into the toilet by she young protégé , jane molloy . jane today 's a landmark day , you know why ? because I be free . elizabeth name one thing you can do today that you could not have do yesterday . jane quit my job . elizabeth you could have do that yesterday , but it would have be stupid . jane but I can quit today and - elizabeth it will still be stupid . you clear you college debt and celebrate by enrol in post - grad and return to square one ? jane Academia 's more my scene . Elizabeth enter a stall and latch the door . elizabeth you do not follow I into the crapper to gloat about freedom . talk to I about the nutella tax . Elizabeth reach into she handbag for a bottle of water . she take two pill out of the trinket BOX we glimpse earlier , and_ gulp they down . jane we be really call it ' nutella tax 's ? elizabeth Palm oil be a key ingredient in nutella . if the Federal government tax it at 300 % , it ’1ll cost more for we to gorge ourselves on it . jane be not palm oil in pretty much everything ? elizabeth we could have call it soap tax , but the public care more about nutella than it do soap . Ross do survey . jane ok , estevez , Frame and Albert be in the bag , hodge - elizabeth see , that should elicit some kind of reaction , but it just do not . jane - be under pressure . the f&b sector be organize . they represent 7 % of the North Carolina economy and account for two third of job growth over the last twelve month . they be get loud and he can not afford to ignore they . elizabeth sound like critical mass to I . jane what be you gonna do ? Elizabeth flush the toilet ( she never go ) and exit . elizabeth it 's time we make we move on the sallow little gimp who 's sponsor this larceny . tell the kenyans they be go to host Senator Davis on a all - expense - pay field trip to one of they plantation . jane you never wash you hand . Elizabeth shrug it off and wash . elizabeth he will take the wife and kid , and whatever luxury the kenyan government confer on he will stay between he and they . he 'il come back hail they conservation effort and he bill will die a quiet death . they exit the lady 's room into -- int . cole , kravitz and waterman LLP - day - past -- a stuffy , conservative stalwart of the D.C. legal industry . walk and talk : jane that 's legitimate ? they can ply he with champagne and truffle ? elizabeth and diamond , gold watch , and whatever else . the congressional gift ban do not apply to sovereign state . jane so a Congressman can technically get rich by sponsor bill that screw foreign government and wait for they to buy he off ? elizabeth that 's a little too much work for a class of people who exempt themselves from insider trading law . jane you see ? this be why I be think about post -grad . elizabeth Jane , we go to school because it prepare we for the real world . you happen to find yourself at the sharp end of the real world at the age of twenty - nothing . jane I be not so sure I like the ' real world . 's elizabeth so you be go to bury you head in the socrate ? jane you know that socrate never actually write anything . elizabeth that 's beside the point . if you do not like it , strive to change it . which be what you be already do , that 's why you be here . see ? you be exactly where you belong . reasoned into a corner , Jane be silence . Elizabeth be hound by a young intern ( spencer ) . spencer Ms. sloane ! they be ready for you upstairs . elizabeth Spencer , do you know that Americans care more about nutella than they care about soap ? spencer ( shrug ) ok . elizabeth ( to Jane ) see that ? no reaction . they enter ... int . strategy room - continuous - past pin stick in map , file , box , c-span and CNN on the tvs . this be where the ritual morning meeting take place between Elizabeth and she team of around ten lobbyist . note that this guy be out of kilter with the uptight , wood - panele ambiance of the firm . very few of they wear suit ; this be not old boy 's club lobbyist . they be a young , ambitious team of vary background who go harder than anyone else and pay lip service to industry more . they continue to work and confer during the meeting , flitting in and out of conversation with they leader . Elizabeth make she round . this happen fast , rapid-fire . elizabeth alright , this should be short . lobbyist # 1 ( alex ) you always say it 's gonna be short . lobbyist # 2 ( lauren ) it 's never short . elizabeth it be today . Ross , how many be they expect at the imf rally ? ross be the statistical whizz , early 30 - ross between five hundred and a thousand . elizabeth there 's a margin of 100 % ? ( hopeful ) do that technically mean nobody might show up ? ross five hundred be really a minimum . the rest depend on thing like weather ; seem more people hate bank when the sun 's out . enter PAT connor ( 40s , Boston - irish , foul - mouth and fiercely loyal ; the de facto second - in - command ) . connor Liz ! it 's time we sell Davis on kenya . elizabeth I know - connor when hodge fall we have get critic - elizabeth critical mass , I be aware - — connor we get he a first class ticket , they give he face and he 'il drop it . elizabeth do you just come from the lady 's room ? connor I have no idea what you be talk about . elizabeth Ross , how 's the weather forecast for later ? ross they put one of this over the whole of Manhattan . Ross draw a weather symbol on the whiteboard - a cloud with rain fall and sunshine behind it . elizabeth what the hell be that ? connor it 's the internationally recognize meteorological symbol for ‘we do not have a fuck clue 's . elizabeth alright , put Metro talent on notice , we may need reinforcement . and prep non-disclosure . franklin be 10 . lauren we be really gonna use movie extras ? elizabeth what 's the quick way to end a anti-capitalism protest ? connor throw a bar of soap in the crowd ? elizabeth corrupt they message . they argument be immature , but some of this people make valid point . the guy shouting about taxpayer subsidize banker 's failure become a lot less credible when he 's stand next to a guy style as a hobo tote a banner that read '' abolish money '' . connor '' shit be fuck up and bullshit '' . best banner at occupy . tell I that be one of yours . elizabeth ( shake head ) that be creative way beyond my capability . ( move on ) Franklin ! shmallow cake ?! a slightly geeky junior . franklin ah - yeah ! elizabeth so , do sale tax apply to chocolate - cover cake and chocolate - cover biscuit , or only to one and not the other ? franklin I ... do not know . elizabeth you do not know ? ( to all ) alright guy , listen up ! I be go to tell you a story . connor please no . elizabeth a priest be give a young nun a lift home from church one day , and as he 's shifting gear , he rest he hand on the nun 's knee . connor this be offensive and inappropriate . 11. elizabeth the young nun look at the priest and say ' Father , remember luke 14:10 's . the priest withdraw he hand , embarrassed . next time they stop at light , the priest rest he hand a little higher up on she thigh , and again , the nun say ' remember luke 14:10 , Father 's . the priest apologize , ' the flesh be weak 's , he say . so he drop she off , and when he get back home , the priest reach for he bible and flip to luke 14:10 . anyone know what it say ? blank stare . elizabeth what do it say , Pat ? connor ( roll eye ) friend , come up higher ; then shalt thou have glory ! chuckle and snigger . elizabeth know you subject , people ! failure to do so may result in the loss of a golden opportunity . ( to Franklin ) when I see you this afternoon , you would better be ready to recite that tax code in esperanto . ( to all , head to door ) that 's it , get to it ! alex what , we be do ? lauren that be short . elizabeth I say it have be short . lauren you always say it 'il be short . elizabeth ( exite ; mild disdain ) I do not always have to meet with the prune . int . cole , kravitz and waterman - exec office - day - past the executive Office be reserve for the most important client , and feel more like a country club . this morning 's occupant be : GEORGE dupont ( a belligerent 82 . head of government affair and one of the biggest hitter in the whole firm ) ; 12 . R.M. dutton ( poster - boy lobbyist , 5as , a cold and inhuman tactician with pierce blue eye ) ; and bob sandford ( 60 ; powerful and well - connect President of the gun lobby , and potential golden goose client ) . they sit in chesterfield leather seat , wait . bob sandford so I be tell I should offer my hand . GEORGE how do you mean ? bob sandford when we meet ? I be tell she do not do all the kissy - kissy crap most woman do this day . GEORGE you two have never meet ? bob sandford we have attend the same function , but never be introduce . GEORGE in a town this small , how do that happen - there be a perfunctory knock on the door . bob sandford so I should offer my hand ? R.M. dutton ( mildly peeve ) I would not worry about it . Elizabeth enter . GEORGE ah , here she be . Liz ? Bob sandford , President of the gun lobby . she 's quick out of the block in offer she hand , a polished and professional evasion of awkwardness . elizabeth I be amaze it 's take this long . bob sandford I want to introduce myself at the free Enterprise dinner , I have do my homework - there I get a glimpse into the enigma that be Liz sloane . you throw the biggest party of the year , and you be first out the door . elizabeth minor crisis on the hill . 13. bob sandford a lesser commander - in- chief would have leave that to a soldier , which be exactly why I be here . Liz , my organization have reservation about the heaton-harris amendment . elizabeth really ... I be not overly familiar with it , but I hear the gun lobby be responsive to proposal to increase the effectiveness of background check . bob sandford we be , broadly . but the language here be extensive . long delay , some Big brother - type criminal and mental health database , for use on all sale of firearm ? between father and son ? lifelong friend ? we member will view this as a intolerable fetter on the second amendment . we want you to be the one to make sure this bill never see the light of day . elizabeth Mr. sandford , you understand that I deal primarily in taxation and Federal government interference in free enter - bob sandford we be well aware . but you and you team take no prisoner and get thing do . the reputation you have garner over the past few year , we have be practically wait for a excuse to hire you . elizabeth ( beat ) as I say , I be not familiar with the wording , but if this bill will reduce the likelihood of firearm fall into the wrong hand , it may be in you long - term interest to support it . George and dutton share a panicked look . GEORGE Liz ? bob sandford I do not understand - elizabeth every time a madman open fire in public , more support amass for truly extensive prohibition on firearm ; the more precarious the position of every reasonable gun owner in America . ( more ) 14 . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) rigorous background check should be the gun lobby 's best friend . of course , this would entail tell you five million plus member something they do not want to hear . which will guarantee that you will be a one - term president of the gun lobby . but by my reckoning , it 's you best option to secure the future of the second amendment . it 's just a question of whether you have be willing to make the personal sacrifice . bob sandford personal sacrifice ? ( long , uneasy pause Liz ... this be extensive . elizabeth I see . well , why do not I look at the wording and we will proceed from there ? int . cole , kravitz and waterman LLP - day - past dutton just about keep pace with George , on the warpath . GEORGE I will look at the wording and proceed from there , who the hell do she think she -- R.M. dutton this can be spun . at least they know she 's not out to bilk they , that it 's they interest she 's represent . for the purpose of building trust , that may have be the right tactical move . GEORGE and do you believe , for one nanosecond , that lobbyist - client bond - building be at the forefront of she mind when she effectively tell Bob sandford to take he business and shove it up he gun barrel ? R.M. dutton I be just say ... dutton peel off , and George storm into he office , yell out to he secretary on the way - GEORGE I want sloane in my office now ! secretary ah , Mr. Dupont ! int . george' office - continuous - past George march in and be take by surprise - 15 . elizabeth ( be : Secretary ) she 's good , be not she ? GEORGE you will look at the wording . well , I be sure the President of one of the most powerful representative group on the hill , will be honore that her majesty have agree to look at the fuck wording ! elizabeth do you consider that my lack of enthusiasm might demonstrate to they that I be protect they int - GEORGE do not feed I that crap and call it ice cream . what 's go on with you ? elizabeth remember when you interview I ? eon ago . you ask if I could represent a client whose position I vehemently disagree with . GEORGE so what ? elizabeth foolishly , I tell the truth , I say ' no . 's not for money , respect , nor professional integrity . I think I have just blow the interview . the next two and a half word out of you mouth be ' you be hire 's . GEORGE what I do not tell you be that you be suppose to have grow out of that infantile , save - the-world idealism by you second year ! elizabeth I do whatever it take to win because I only fight for cause I actually believe in - GEORGE you be suddenly a proponent of gun control ? elizabeth the current system be so porous , it float . the heaton - Harris amendment be necessarily extensive to redress it . GEORGE I think you have to ' look at the wording 's - elizabeth I know very well what it say . 16 . GEORGE when do this happen ? I do not remember you ever caring one way or the other about gun control ? elizabeth I guess my position solidify somewhere between Columbine and aurora . right now , background check only apply to sale from federally license gun dealer . leave any two - bit thug or head - case free to procure a thirty - eight special from a gun show , the internet , or he buddy from the bowl -o-rama . heaton - Harris put a full - stop to this stupidity , and about time too . GEORGE Christ , Liz , this be not any old client waltzing through the door , this be the gun lobby . no , something happen - someone you know be a victim of a gun crime . elizabeth nonsense . I form a opinion . GEORGE you be a champion of the free market . you abhor taxation and frivolous government spend , meddle , patronize - elizabeth I would hardly categorize responsible gun control as frivolous - GEORGE kenyans ! for Christ 's sake , you rep kenyans ! elizabeth to stop we all - consume government from looting one of they few source of income . there 's a cause I can get behind . and what 's wrong with kenya ? we be about to close Len Davies with a field trip there . GEORGE be that a promise or a threat ? I can just picture the good Senator be boil in a cauldron with all this native dance around he . Elizabeth put she head in she hand , despair . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) get some fortune 500 client . you colorful representation be the cause of a lot of industry back - chat this firm 's good name can do without . Elizabeth 's int . doctor 17 . elizabeth could it do without the thirty grand a month retainer ? GEORGE you bully people , Liz . you be a bully , with you unorthodox tactic and endless supply of inflammatory quote . senior partner be bang on my door fear for we rep , and that 's something I can do without . elizabeth you be hardly a stranger to '' unorthodox tactic '' . it would be quick to list the congressman you have not strong - armed , threaten or blackmail . I apply tactical , creative , ethical method , and that 's how I sleep at night . GEORGE really , sloane ? that little pill in you purse be the kind that lull you to sleep ? eye narrow . he 's crossing a line . elizabeth my point : we be different animal in the same cage . and I still win , which be why the gun lobby just walk through we front door - GEORGE and you send they straight back out of it ! you be right ! the only reason you and you team of sneaker - wear ragamuffin be still here be that you arrogant prank might generate enough buzz to attract client like the gun lobby . meaning , if you do not personally dedicate yourself to they cause , the partnership will not really have any use for you . you billing for this firm 's reputation be a trade they would be happy to make . now go away , re-read that amendment , and start tell the world how goddamn extensive it be ! ‘s office - day - past Elizabeth consult with she doctor . she can not get out of the room fast enough . she read and respond to email on she blackberry , fingertip blister over the tiny key like a stenographer on coke . doctor any dizziness ? elizabeth no. 18 . doctor nausea ? elizabeth none . doctor no disorientation at all ? elizabeth Doctor , I be fine , really . whatever it be you give I do the trick . doctor what time do you go to sleep most night ? elizabeth well , it vary - — doctor what time do you go to sleep last night ? ( beat ) this morning ? elizabeth this be busy time . doctor so I see , by you eagerness to get this over with . you do not need a doctor to tell you you be work yourself into a early grave . elizabeth the pill do help I sleep . doctor pill be not the answer . the long hour and level of stress you be expose to would be dangerous for a twenty year - old . ( beat ) I be go to write you a prescription , but it will only cover you for the next two week . the Doctor scribbles down a prescription and hand it over . doctor I want to see you back here ina fortnight , with you phone off , and eight hour under you belt . ext . doctor' office - continuous - past Elizabeth stride out at pace . scrunches the prescription and deposit it in the nearest trash can . int . D.C. fundraiser - night - past the ballroom of a five-star hotel be alive with Washington 's most powerful . phoney affectation , champagne and canape . 19 . int . toilet stall - continuous - past Elizabeth sit atop a close commode with she head in she hand , savore invisibility and relative quiet . a lifetime of ' be on 's have take its toll ; like she herself be building towards critical mass . she reach into she handbag and flip open she trinket box . she look tired , burnt out . she consider the four pill inside long and hard , but deny herself . she flip it shut , flush ( she never go ) , and exit . ext . jefferson HOTEL - night - past Elizabeth stride from the hotel on a crisp winter 's night , and be catch up by a persistent man in he 40s . persistent man early night ?! she do not stop . elizabeth if you be here for a quote , you be waste both of we time . neither do he . persistent man I have just watch you extricate yourself from three conversation to use the lady 's room in the space of thirty minute . elizabeth you bust I . I be incontinent . go ahead , write it up . persistent man I hope I be wrong , but one could be forgiven for think you be sick of this town . she look at he for the first time . elizabeth I have not see you before . you work for the Post ? how have you get in ? persistent man I would like five minute of you time . elizabeth the walk to my car be three , get to the point . persistent man Word on the hill be that the gun lobby approach you to bury heaton - Harris . and you refuse . elizabeth I do not comment on ' the word on the hill 's . 20 . persistent man I know there 's no way you have do that ... unless you support gun control . you know why you be good , Liz ? same reason ayrton senna be the great auto racer of he time . the same reason terrorist be scary . elizabeth I be not sure a three - way comparison between myself , a dead race car driver , and Al - Qaeda be a good use of you remain hundred - and -thirty - five second . persistent man a terrorist will strap himself to a bomb for he cause . senna believe God be protect he from harm , so he throw himself around corner , fully commit . you will not find a mercenary on Earth willing to do either . you be good because you believe in you client 's cause ; conviction - lobby . and belief motivate people in way money just can not . elizabeth I say ' get to the point 's - persistent man the sloane Ranger , stick up for corporate America against the thief on the hill , claw at hard - earn profit to fund frivolity like healthcare . her ear prick up . her retort be instant and impassion . elizabeth or because private property be the foundation of civilized society , I object to any entity be forcibly expropriate of the product of they labor . and you wanna talk about frivolity , that thief on the hill just spend nearly a million dollar of someone 's hard labor funding research into methane emission make by dairy cow . I accept a minimum rate of taxation for necessity , but a meddle , all - consume government constrict freedom , throttles innovation , and subvert the free market . all of which destroy standard of live . persistent man ( shrug , nonpluss ) personally , I be all for more gun control . will you admit the present system be unfit for purpose ? 21 . elizabeth I remain commit to the second amendment . persistent man dildo be illegal in Texas , but Joe Public can walk into a sport store and emerge five minute later with a shotgun . elizabeth that would explain the low rate of dildo-related murder in Texas . the man laugh heartily . elizabeth it be not that funny . persistent man no , but you just prove my point . the mere mention of taxation elicit a libertarian polemic . all I get from gun control be a sarcastic deflection . you do support heaton - Harris , and you abhor the tactic you leadership would employ in discrediting it . elizabeth alright . you have unusual acuity for a member of the D.C. press . what do you want ? persistent man you quote . elizabeth Fine : a conviction - lobbyist never cheat ; she expose cheater . he scribbles on a notepad . persistent man that 's a keeper . one more thing - off the record - do you know anything about the gun lobby 's opponent ? elizabeth what , brady ? I know they be go to lose because they total budget come to less than what the gun lobby pay to get they shoe shine - persistent man what about they lobbyist , Peterson Wyatt ? they be a boutique law firm with a bi-partisan government affair division - 22 . elizabeth ' boutique 's be a euphemism for ' little fish 's and ' bi-partisan 's denote a bunch of hippie in suit , some of whom be mercenary enough to swing right when time get hard . persistent man D 's you know anything about they President ? guy name Schmidt ? elizabeth never hear of he . but if the firm be build in he image , he 's probably a simper wuss with a ph.d in style - over -substance . persistent man get it . ( beat ) I never introduce myself , by the way . rodolfo Schmidt , President of Peterson Wyatt . Elizabeth stop . she be , for once , speechless . rodolfo schmidt ( cont ’d ) what 's the matter ? be I not simper hard enough ? elizabeth ( think out loud ) you firm 's only twelve year old , you would think you name would either be Peterson or - ( snap out ) what 's this about ? rodolfo schmidt you be pro-heaton - Harris and it 's a open secret you be at war with you firm 's leadership . ( beat ) the brady campaign want you to lead the fight to pass the bill . Peterson Wyatt will employ you as a consultant , you will run defense out of we office , and when it 's over you be free to choose from any of the D.C. behemoth in line for you signature . this be they quote . he write down a number we do not see and tear off the piece of paper he scribble on earlier . she regards it with a smirk , now wise to he strategy . elizabeth ( be : offer ) I do not know if I should be flatter or insulted , Mr. Schmidt , but you clearly have the wrong opinion of I . especially consider the battle you have get ahead of you . 23 . rodolfo schmidt I think my opinion of you be spot -on . his earnestness halt any immediate retort from she . she study he . rodolfo schmidt ( cont ’d ) do not even think about tell I you do not wanna take a swing at this . maybe you be the only one in this town who can pull it off . anyway , it 's on the table . I have overspent my three minute . rodolfo walk off , but turn back - rodolfo schmidt ( cont ’d ) where 's you car ? Long pause . Elizabeth motion back down the street , from where they come . elizabeth Three block that way . int . elizabeth 's house - kitchen - night - past it 's late . all be quiet , dark . Elizabeth downs a tall glass of milk . she put the bottle back in the fridge , but stop before she close the door . consider the milk . ext . elizabeth 's house - night - moment later - past Elizabeth carefully set down a saucer full of milk on she front doorstep . take a wistful look around the posh , peaceful neighborhood . the pervasive stillness a touch unsettle . int . elizabeth 's house - night - later - past Elizabeth sit in a armchair and lean forward . her eye dart around the room , she fidget , unable to turn she brain off . as if decide to stop think once and for all , she lean back , close she eye and cease all movement . deep breath , a attempt to induce sleep . it 's no use . she snap out of it quickly , turn on a lamp and snatch a book next to she - John grisham 's the litigator . start read from she bookmark ( she 's not far in ) , but discard it in no time . she 's wire . a idea have take hold . she glimpsis around she place . it 's not a home ; more a warehouse for file , box , and neatly - organize work - related clutter . no family portrait . no photograph of a husband or child . on hearing a faint meow , Elizabeth glance out the front window . a stray cat and two kitten lick the milk she set out . Elizabeth let out a sigh , as if this provide she some small measure of comfort . she catch she reflection in the window . ruffled and sleepless . she remove something from she pocket - the tear - off sheet of a notepad give to she by rodolfo Schmidt . she consider it - then grab she cell and make a call . 24 . elizabeth ( into phone ) Jane , hi -- I know what time it be , just listen . I have a think ... so , if socrate never write anything , how be it that anyone have ever hear of he ? ( beat ) yes , I be fine . look , we need to meet ... no , as in , now . int . cole , kravitz and waterman - strategy room - day - past the morning meeting in full swing . Elizabeth quizze she young charge , Jane : elizabeth they be stay at the lantana ? jane yes . elizabeth that 's the one on the beach ? jane yes ! elizabeth ok , make the booking . cover it out of the pool account . New fish Franklin be within earshot . franklin be that ok ? technically , I mean ? elizabeth it 's fine . do not worry about it . franklin it 's just - the kenyan government be pay for this , right ? that 's how we get around the gift ban . the pool account 's , well ... pool . there 's money in there from the f&b Association , Wal - Mart , anyone with a interest in sell anything with palm oil in it . ( off they surprise ) I majore in Finance , I go over account when I want to look busy - elizabeth so you will know the kenyans 's contribution to that account be big enough to cover Senator Davis 's expense ten time over and have change for a small Caribbean island . do I look unduly concerned ? franklin ok . connor steam in , wolfing down a chocolate muffin . 25 . connor George tell I what happen with the gun lobby , be you retarded ? elizabeth no , but come from someone who just walk in a hour late , look like he pull he face out of a cow pie , that 's mildly amusing . connor that be not funny and I do not get it . elizabeth pray tell , why be you eat a chocolate cake for breakfast ? have you no shame ? connor it 's a muffin , you never eat a muffin for breakfast ? elizabeth a muffin , let I see ... egg , flour , sugar , cocoa powder , milk , chocolate . sound exactly like a cake , but of course no civilized person could ever eat chocolate cake for breakfast . so some bright spark in marketing divvie up yesterday 's leftover , be - brand they as ' muffins 's and start hawk they as breakfast food . connor you have lose you mind - elizabeth Franklin , be you get this ? ' Cause I be really talk to you . franklin huh ? elizabeth shmallow cake be not really cake . they be marshmallow paste sandwich between two biscuit cover in chocolate . America 's fourth favorite snack be 80 % graham cracker . and while we ever-rational tax code deem cake luxury item and hit they harder , biscuit be obviously necessity , and exempt . be you get this ? franklin what ? elizabeth have shmallow cake re-designate as biscuit , argue the ' cake 's in the name be merely marketing puff . ( more ) mute gasp . 26 . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) you will need evidence in court , so have a team of scientist chemically analyze they composition and opine they be in fact 80 % biscuit and zero percent cake . that 's how you win . franklin you know that all along ? elizabeth you have have get there eventually . franklin then why be you tell I this ? elizabeth in case you be not come with I . connor what the hell 's go on ? elizabeth everybody , listen up ! as you may have hear , I take a meeting with the gun lobby a week ago , and advise they to support the heaton-harris amendment . ( deep breath ) effective immediately , I have decide to leave Cole , kravitz and waterman and take up station as a consultant for the brady campaign at Peterson Wyatt . raise eyebrow . nobody see this come . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) in negotiate term , I secure place on my team for everyone in this room with no change to you current rate of compensation . now who 's with I on this ? Pat ? connor I just walk in a hour late ' cause I have be assure the gun lobby that we be the right firm to lead the fight against heaton -harris . we just get the green fuck light . elizabeth be you say I should put you down as a maybe ? connor you can not possibly win this . elizabeth who 's with I ? silence . nobody dare make the first move ... until : ross I be with you . Ross , the statistician , go and stand behind Elizabeth . 27 . connor Ross , come on , I need you . ross she need I more . Franklin follow suit . franklin gun frighten I . connor the fuck be this ? Jerry Maguire ?! alex you have see Jerry Maguire ? that 's not gay at all . connor it 's because I be not gay that I have see Jerry Maguire , you fag prick . murmur . lauren and Alex defect to Elizabeth 's side . elizabeth so , sloane et al. versus connor , and who else ? ramirez . how many tec - 9s do you own again ? lobbyist # 3 ( ramirez ) enough to defend my property . plus two more to piss off lefty . elizabeth Travis , wickham and Moore , the God - squad , the Bible say thou shalt not kill , yet you openly endorse instrument of death . lobbyst # 4 ( travis ) for some silly reason I think you hate government interference in people 's life . elizabeth silly indeed . I hate unnecessary interference ; that bit of interference which prohibit private citizen from purchase anti-tank ordnance , or weapon - grade plutonium , I can live with . she turn to Jane , who sit motionless , stare into space . elizabeth Jane ... ( no response ) Jane ? jane I do not know where I stand on this . elizabeth I do , you stand with I . 28 . connor seriously kid , go . I could not care less . jane actually ... the gun lobby will need someone to tally they vote count in Ross 's absence ... I will stay . elizabeth Jane ! jane you be right before . I be at one of the best firm in the city . people come and go . I will not let that affect my career here . i’1ll miss you , but the 3 be wake - up call ? not so much . connor no shit , I take it back . welcome aboard . elizabeth ( wounded ) Fine . and for what it 's worth , you have some way to go until you vote count be anywhere near as accurate as Ross 's . ( snap to Ross , who beam ) do not let it go to you head . ( he smile die ; to all ) I be off to say my goodby to the bean-counter . ordinarily , I would say good luck , but - connor you be go down harder than Bin Laden . elizabeth ( exite ) you ass be mine , punk . int . congressional hearing room - day - present back in the hearing , Elizabeth be stone - face , but fidget slightly . the wall of granite slowly be chip away . we now recognize some of the face in the public gallery : George Dupont , connor , rodolfo Schmidt . Congressman sperl be doddery and sanctimonious as usual . congressman sperling we will come back to the African Republic of kenya later , but ... ( sickly pious ) you see , what trouble I be the amount of influence you have ... we have see communication from senior figure in Washington ; it 's like you have this aura , nobody dare get in you way . ( more ) 29 . congressman sperling ( cont 'd ) upstand , democratically elect official fear you , a lobbyist , could destroy they career with a snap of you finger , I ... he stop , look down , shake he head in disbelief . congressman sperling ( cont ’d ) folk whose career take decade of hard work , they ... be this reputation something you actively cultivate , Ms. sloane ? elizabeth upon the advice of counsel , I must respectfully decline to answer you question , base on my rights under the fifth amendment to the United States constitution . congressman sperling you see , it 's bad enough one person have that much influence , but if they be out of control - if she have a problem , a addiction ... which preclude she from exerting she influence even-handedly ... it would be like the ship of american politics be steer by a drunk . do you , or have you ever have , any problem with substance abuse , Ms. sloane ? Elizabeth 's eye narrow . unsure what he 's get at . elizabeth ( sharply ) upon the advice of counsel , I must respectfully decline to answer you question , base on my rights under the fifth amendment to the United States constitution . the media pick up on she tone and wake from they slumber . congressman sperling I understand you have difficulty sleep ? we subpoena medical record , you be a long - time sufferer of chronic insomnia . you regularly work over sixteen hour a day . so you suffer from a lot of fatigue , but can not get off to sleep , be that accurate ? Elizabeth be indignant , she privacy violate . thrown by this line of question , she stumble over she wording : elizabeth upon the advice of counsel , I respectfully - I must respectfully decline to answer you question , base on my rights under the fifth amendment of the United States constitution . to the constitution . ( more ) 30 . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( under breath ) whatever . the media stir more , sense the next chapter of the scandal . congressman sperling you be prescribe multiple course of benzodiazepine , but accord to the deposition of one of we witness , you have be procure , off - prescription , and against the advice of you medical practitioner , a course of psycho-stimulant , with the aim of keep you awake and alert for longer . be this correct ? murmur in the public gallery and among the media . Elizabeth aim a venomous stare at George Dupont , know he to be the only one with that information . he sit up straight and puff out he chest , revelling in vengeance for she betrayal . her next death -stare fall on posner . he can only endure it , helpless . he have no grounds to object . flashbulb pop in she face . congressman sperling ( cont ’d ) Ms. sloane ? elizabeth ( reeling it off , fast ) upon the advice of counsel , I must respectfully decline to answer you question , base on my rights under the fifth amendment to the United States constitution . congressman sperling ok ... returning to this business in the African Republic of kenya - elizabeth ( involuntary blurt ) i_am not a drug addict and this line of question have no relevance to this case . media frenzy . a barrage of flash . her silence break . posner bow he head . she 's blow it . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) ( fast and angry ) my medication do not affect my judgment any more than a double espresso , and speak of intoxication , I can recite from memory a list of ' upstand , democratically elect 's congressman who have vote on legislation while severely inebriated . and just so you know , I think , by now , everyone in this room be fully aware , and in no danger of forget , that kenya be a republic which happen to be situate on the continent of Africa . 31 . a long pause . all eye , all camera , on Elizabeth . she deflate a little , the consequence of that outburst now weigh on she mind . Congressman sperl smile a cun , near-imperceptible smile . a huge victory . there 's a lot more to this guy than he fuddy - duddy demeanor . congressman sperling Ms. sloane . welcome to the party . int . U.S. congress - waiting room - day - present posner be furious . Elizabeth remain phlegmatic throughout . posner five year , be it really worth it ? five year minimum - elizabeth what 's five year - posner all for some puerile quip about kenya be in Africa , can not you see that whole construct be design to -- and it work ! elizabeth you want to tell I what five year be ? posner you fall for it ! the smartest operative on the hill just get play by grampa Simpson ! elizabeth be it how long this recess will feel like ? posner it 's the go rate for perjury before Congress . which , now that you have throw the fifth out the window , anyone who want you in the ground - and that 's a_ lot of people - they be hard at work , dedicate the sum total of they creative and intellectual effort to catch you in a lie . elizabeth what if I stay silent ? posner well , that 's a good idea ! shit , why do not you lawyer think of that ?! elizabeth if I simply refuse to answer - 32 . posner they ’11l throw you in jail for contempt of Congress . you have just blow this thing wide open . he pace , agitate . Elizabeth look at he , smile . elizabeth easy , Daniel . you be start to look like you care . posner I do not care about you any further than I can throw you . I work for the one ethical lobby practice on the hill , and I wind up defend the poster - child for the most morally bankrupt profession since faith heal . Rest up , sloane . you be gonna need it . posner snatch he briefcase and storm out . Elizabeth remain seat , alone in the large , empty room . ecu : she clamp she palm together , she tremble hand struggle to settle . int . luxury HOTEL - lobby - night - past super : 6 month , 2 week prior Elizabeth stride into the lobby , talk on she blackberry . she make a beeline for the elevator without stop to admire the decor . she know she way around this place . elizabeth ( into phone ) we need to get to it right away , office space or not . ( beat ) I think you 'il find I start work for you the night we meet . int . well -appointed HOTEL room - night - past Elizabeth open the door , but stop dead in she Ann Taylors . her glare cut into -- forde , sprawle out on the bed . it 's immediately obvious he 's a different animal to the D.C. crowd we have meet thus far . 30 , rugge good - look , easy smile and natural confidence . bourbon glass rest on he tone chest , above hard - earn abs . jeans 's top button unhook . his Southern accent drawl like a dulcet tune . forde evenin 's , mar ’am . elizabeth what happen to the usual guy ? Mark . if that 's he real name . forde Mark 's move on . you can call I forde . 33 . elizabeth be that you real name ? forde be to you . what do I call you , gorgeous ? Elizabeth scoff at the flattery , enter the room . she peer around , suspicious . elizabeth nothing . forde alright , nothin’ . you a politico , or one 'a this corporate - type ? and what bring a fine lady like you to room 409 ? elizabeth not the conversation . she motion to a tumbler of bourbon on the bedside table . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) how much have you have to drink ? forde with a free minibar , I have say not nearly enough . he salute she and drain he glass . Elizabeth inhale . elizabeth you know , you be not allow to smoke in here . forde you be not allow to buy company in here , yet here you be - elizabeth smoke be detectable . it could draw attention . it 's unprofessional . forde ok . corporate - type . lawyer maybe . elizabeth if we be to go forward , I require certain standard of - forde Agency rule , Ms. nothin’ . payment in cash , we be not see in public , unless that 's what ya want , and I be the only one to ever lay eye on you or know this 1 i 'o party ever happen . tonight , that 's with half a minibar down my gullet . ( beat ) ' course , I understand if you be ... lookin’ for somethin’ else . a rare moment of vulnerability . Elizabeth look he over . 34 . elizabeth you will do just fine . let 's get to the point . all business , Elizabeth unbuckle the belt on she pantsuit and fastidiously lay it over the back of the chair . int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - day - past a very different meeting room in a modern , open plan , and somewhat pretentiously '' progressive '' neo-industrial office . Art installation make from use milk bottle , etc . the four defector from Elizabeth 's team sit awkwardly with four of they new colleague ( 30 , three female , all Democrats ) . they have say they hellos , sit down ( in they faction ) , and be now struggle for small talk . peterson wyatt lobbyist ( brian ) so ... what do you guy think of the new office ? franklin it will take some get use to . ross I kinda like it . remind I of willy wonka 's chocolate factory . alex that 's funny , you remind I of a oompa loompa . ross the vend machine downstairs be weird . it would not dispense my beverage unless I tell it my gender and age range . peterson wyatt lobbyist ( esme ) the vend machine company sell we personal detail to Big advertise . I already lodge a complaint with upper management . ross it 's ok , I just lie . alex what , you tell it you be a adult male ? peterson wyatt lobbyist ( clara ) why be you so horrible to he ? alex it 's polite to reciprocate . lauren ( check phone ) Davis drop the nutella tax . franklin when do this happen ? 35 . lauren I just get it - peterson wyatt lobbyist ( cynthia ) the tax on palm oil ? you be the one who kill it ? ross Dead with the dodo . cynthia along with how many other unique species in the kenyan rainforest ? franklin ( to Ross ) not you great analogy there . ross ( to Cynthia ) I guess that 's for they to decide , after all , it be , you know , they country . esme D ’you know how much pollution they slashing and burn pump into the atmosphere ? ross less than 0.2 % of global greenhouse gas emission . would you like to know by how many order of magnitude the american industrial revolution eclipse they , so we could grow fat off all that nutella ? esme I have love to . but I know you can not tell I , ' cause it 's not even close to quantifiable . alex oh God , it 's start already . clara be the rumor true ? lauren elaborate . clara sloane-zilla . be she the personification of a ice cube ? alex melt at room temperature and give Canadian a national pastime ? clara frigid and heartless . ross she pee stand up . I do not even do that . 36 . esme do you think before you speak ? cynthia why do not we just focus on the future ? ok ? ross let 's . silence make a instant return . people check they phone . back straighten as Elizabeth and rodolfo enter . rodolfo schmidt I be think we start by go round the room and introduce we - elizabeth let 's spare ourselves the tedium and get to it . if you want to break the ice , do it with insight . whatever we difference , political or otherwise , we be all here to ensure safe passage of the heaton-harris amendment into Federal law . how do we do it ? a brief silence . esme realistically , we do not . we fight they as hard as we can , build a strong base of support , so we have a better chance when they table next year 's heaton - Harris , or the one after that . elizabeth while I appreciate you pragmatism , I do not just move across town with the aim of lose as slowly as possible . name and seniority ? esme esme manucharian , nine year . elizabeth manucharian . I have hear that name . rodolfo schmidt esme 's we authority on gun control . when it come to fact and figure , she have no equal . Ross 's note scribbling practically do a record scratch . that needle he . elizabeth you lead the fight to preserve the conceal carry ban in Illinois . esme ultimately unsuccessfully , but yes . 37 . elizabeth esme . why be we go to lose ? esme for every dollar we can donate in campaign contribution , you know how much the gun lobby can donate ? ross esme thirty -eight . thirty -eight . elizabeth ( grin at rivalry ) so congressman bow to money , but why ? it 's not go into they own account , that would be bribery . cynthia like what the kenyans just do to Senator Davis ? elizabeth that be legal , sovereign - back bribery , but yes . ( beat ) every rational entity protect they interest . the priority of a Congressman be not represent the people , it 's keep he ass in office . campaign contribution be a mean to that end , which be why congressman sell they vote to get they . cynthia that be so cynical . elizabeth there be no cynicism . only a word use by polly - annas to denote a absence of the naivety they so keenly exhibit . rodolfo schmidt ( to Elizabeth ) you settle in fast . alex so congressman bow to money so they can get re-elect , and we be shit out of money . clara so we do it the old - fashioned way , by direct appeal to voter . Elizabeth regards Clara with a fleeting glance . but still more than any one person ( bar esme ) have receive from she . elizabeth thank you . the average lobby fight be win rather plainly : grease the right congressman at the right moment . ( more ) 38 . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) but to win here , against this odd , will require we round that basis many time over - and so will we strategy ... ( clap hand ) everybody up ! we be go mobile . rodolfo schmidt we be ? elizabeth this be about appeal to Jane and Joe Public . it may be a political battle , but it need to be fight on the street . we approach this , not as Washington insider , but as normal Americans . rodolfo schmidt you be go to try to be normal ? lauren ( sotto voce ) this I have to see . elizabeth you can work in this sanitize sardine can if you want . I will be at America 's favorite pastime with 40000 of we mark . int . camden yard baseball stadium - skybox - sunset - past a oriole game be well underway as sunset crayolas the Baltimore skyline . the ten member of the team look out on 40000 spectator from a private skybox . elizabeth campaign contribution do not create bind obligation , they be debt of honor . if , on polling day , a congressman think a vote against will be political suicide , he will betray the gun lobby to save he ass even if they fund surgery to whiten he tooth . rodolfo schmidt a skybox ? at a hundred time the price of a average ticket ? this be you attempt at be normal ? elizabeth we can talk shop in relative privacy . I be compromise . esme however much we spend to get the public on we side , the gun lobby can afford to drow we out . 39 . elizabeth and here 's the beauty of it ; the reason we have any chance at all : we do not need to spend to get the public on we side . they already be . there be 40000 people in this stadium . poll show that 32,000 of they favor gun control , just not vehemently enough to change they vote over it , and further objurgate the painfully - obscure language of the second amendment . franklin so we spend to make gun control the deal - breaker . elizabeth exactly . America have endure 31 school shooting since Columbine , more than double the amount in the rest of the world put together . yes , Franklin . we make gun a deal - breaker . we start a movement , build a consensus , do everything we can to make it snowball . that 's how we win . down on the field , player trudge off for a time - out . sixpence none the richer 's kiss I boom around the stadium . ross this be moot , but just so you know , baseball be not America 's favorite pastime anymore . statistically , I mean . the NFL have poll - elizabeth I already know that , and it 's not moot . the NFL season kick off little over a month before heaton - Harris go to vote . average attendance of 67,000 , ten of million watch on tv . the romantic music have the effect of make Elizabeth more aggressive . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) this be where Jane and Joe reside . I want pro-heaton - Harris ad on the big screen , I want tv spot ; the public do not pay heed to politician , they listen to they heroes . we get hold of sport agent and brow -beat they into have they charge pledge support for increase gun control - she stop , as some of she team become distract . lauren ( to Clara ) ah , guy ... horror wash over Clara 's face , as she look to -- 40 . the jumbotron . kiss cam have home in on she , stand beside Alex . he smirk , relatively unruffled . Clara plead with the big screen as though it can understand she . clara no , no , we be not - we just meet ! the crowd grow restless as Alex and Clara stand , not kissing . playful boos begin to ring out . this be awkward . alex ah , what the hell ... Alex grab Clara and pull she close in front of he , tilt he head to the right . from the camera view on the giant screen , they appear to be kissing . new angle - they be , in fact , not quite touch . Alex close he eye and expertly caress she cheek with he fingertip . alex ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) tilt you head ever so slightly to the right . she do . the crowd goe nuclear . Alex pull back , smile . kiss cam move on to the next unsuspecting couple . franklin very well save . Clara , despite she best effort , look genuinely impressed . alex ( cocky bastard ) you wanna try the real thing . elizabeth be you do ? can we get back to it now ? ross so much for ' relative privacy '. rodolfo schmidt should have stay in the office . int . gun lobby - bob sandford 's office - day - past gun . picture of gun . model gun . a golden gun . he 's a 200 - pound bull and you would not mess with he anyway , but Bob sandford 's office be not design to make you feel welcome . he lean back in he executive chair , King of he empire . even the harden connor be unusually subdued . bob sandford we be a powerful institution , Pat . there 's over five million of we . and we be armed . now I be not say we set out to intimidate , but when the gun lobby want to meet you , you damn well meet . 41 . connor who be we talk about here ? bob sandford wickman , Democrat , Wisconsin . always seem to be unavailable to take we call . int . cole , kravitz and waterman - strategy room - day - past ecu on a flat - screen tv : News coverage of a press conference . a grief-strick father , joel patterson , sniffles and fight tear as he speak . joel patternson ( on tv ; filter ) we have see this a million time before . this speech . this situation . it seem so far away . you never think this be go to be you give it . my girl die ... he take a long pause , try to compose himself . connor , R.M. dutton , and Jane watch the tv . there be genuine sympathy in the eye of the latter . connor ( roll eye ; to himself ) Jesus Christ . joel patternson ( on tv ; filter ) we could have stop this ... on the tv , Joel break down in tear . it 's rather heartbreaking . however , R.M. dutton be nonpluss . R.M. dutton we get the idea . Jane click off the tv . jane Joel Patterson , high school history teacher . there be a renew wave of anti-gun sentiment in Wisconsin after he wife and two child be shot dead in a mall . connor that be month ago - jane it have not die down . Big media still run coverage on he . mother against gun march , there be a online pledge to vote against anyone who oppose gun control - connor this be she . Public outrage after a gun attack last around a week per casualty , this whole pattinson story should be in the ground by now . 42. jane Patterson . connor huh ? jane they name . the Patterson family . connor I do not give a shit if they be the partridge family . she 's revive this . jane actually , she 's cultivate it . Public support for gun control 's up 8 % in the last two week alone . wickman 's avoid the gun lobby ' cause if he give they what they want , there 's a very real chance he will not make it through fall . R.M. dutton why do not we close he earlier ? connor it 's Wisconsin , it 's not exactly ... where be she now ? int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - day - past the team hard at work , make call , crunching number . a entire wall be dedicated to bio mugshot of congressman , with red slashes over some and green tick over other . some have no marking . this be they vote count . Ross stand and admire it with Cynthia , Franklin and esme . ross 217 's the magic number . 217 get we a majority - cynthia I think 218 be a majority - esme ( cut in ) in a House of 435 , it be , but three vacant seat give we 432 , meaning 217 -215 be the smallest possible win majority . ross as. i. was. say ... ( eyeing esme ) by my reckoning , the gun lobby have 191 vote pretty much lock - ( motion to wall ) that 's this side . I have say we have 183 lock over on this side . that leave 58 who be in play : this fine gentleman in the middle . heaton - Harris provisionally make it to the floor in 179 day . ( more ) 43 . ross ( cont 'd ) the good news be , if we lock down 34 of this money - suck leech , we be over the line . franklin the bad news be that the gun lobby be rich beyond we wildest dream ? ross there be that - cynthia or that it 's not a whole lot of time to steal 34 vote from the most powerful lobby in d.c . ross that too - esme what Ross be fumble around be , they only need 26 . ross ( finally ) yes . Elizabeth march through the office , on the phone : elizabeth ( into phone ) no , we need the media there , that 's the whole point . it have to be record on celluloid , ready to be trotted out should he ever think about back down - hold on - ( call out ) Ross ?! you get it ? ross yeah ! twelve billion a year , $ 32 per gun in circulation ! elizabeth ( into phone ) ok , good . I be send you a photo of Clara thomson , she will be seat front - leave , wear - ( call out ) Clara , what be you wear ?! clara one-shoulder black crepe dress ! elizabeth ( into phone ) a one - shoulder black crepe dress . if you be really lucky , she will find you at the reception . thank you , carlos . she hang up . to Alex , pass by - elizabeth ( cont ’d ) Alex , tell I it 's feasible that a doctor would not have time for all this social media lark ? 44 , alex if you be pull fifteen - hour shift , I guess . elizabeth great . alex link in . if he 's a doctor he have probably be on link in . elizabeth could you not have just stop when I say ' great 's ? she collapse into a chair and snatch up a medical text title pulmonary pathophysiology . rodolfo Schmidt pass . rodolfo schmidt Light read ? elizabeth D ’you even know what pulmonology be ? rodolfo schmidt it 's the study of ... pulmon . elizabeth do you know you lung be asymmetrical ? you right lung have three lobe , but you leave be smaller , it have two . you know why ? rodolfo schmidt you heart need the real estate ? elizabeth bravo . rodolfo schmidt though I guess that 's not a problem for you . elizabeth ouch , that hurt . come , what do they get ? let 's have it . rodolfo schmidt ( consult note ) it 's the first step toward a national register of firearm . elizabeth nobody 's even come close to propose that , and if anyone do , it have have its own day in Congress . link that to heaton - Harris be scare monger . rodolfo schmidt the new rule will increase wait time by as long as two week . elizabeth two whole week , how will they survive ? ( more ) 45 . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) welcome to America , where you will wait six month for a routine operation , but hey , you can buy a ar - 15 in five minute flat . rodolfo schmidt Anderson Cooper 's earliest book be late - May . you go to be that flippant on CNN ? elizabeth yes . pussyfoot be not memorable . sound bite be , and the appropriate one here go like this : anyone that desperate to get they hand on a gun should not be allow anywhere near one . int . five - STAR HOTEL - night - past the ballroom be deck out for a big fundraiser . banner for the ama ( american Medical Association ) adorn the podium as congressman wallace give a speech . Clara , wear a black , one - shoulder crepe dress , weave she way through table while on the phone . clara ( into phone ) you think he will go for it ? outside the ballroom , Elizabeth pace , on she cell : elizabeth ( into phone ) he know the media be here and will not risk be heckle at he own fundraiser . you will back he into a corner and he ’1ll have no choice . later - Congressman wallace stand on the platform and the rove mc select people to ask question . mc just a couple more question for the Congressman and we will wrap up . Clara 's hand shoot up . the mc see she , but he glance move further afield . mc ( cont 'd ) yes , the lady in white . Clara put she cell phone to she ear . the unseen lady in white have a bland , script q and a with the Congressman . clara ( into phone ) he be suppose to go to I third , what 's he do ? elizabeth ( 0.s. , filter ) follow order . Three table behind you , four to you leave . Clara look back . connor , R.M. dutton , Jane , and ramirez share a table . connor catch she gaze . she look away . 46 . elizabeth ( 0.s. , filter ) ( cont 'd ) they have be follow we since Wisconsin . they have have have everyone on that list vetted . you be blow . clara ( into phone ) you make I delete my Facebook account . I have my bio remove from we website - elizabeth ( 0.s. , filter ) to make it look like we try . clara ( into phone ) what do you mean ? mc and the final question go to ... Clara 's hand shoot up again , but the mc read from a card . mc ( cont 'd ) Dr. raj amarasekara - I hope I be pronounce that right - of the pulmonary associate of America . raj amarasekara stand to pose he question . raj amarasekara Mr. Congressman . where I work , on any give night , it 's a safe bet we will see three or four gunshot victim . some be kid , teenager . I think we can all agree this be a problem , so I would like you to tell we how you intend to vote on the heaton -harris amendment when it 's put before Congress . thank you . the question receive loud applause from the audience . you can tell the press in the room because they just scramble for they camera and phone , and proceed to record the moment . on elizabeth , inconspicuous towards the back , on the phone . elizabeth ( into phone ) I mean raj amarasekara be a work actor whose real name be Matthew kantaria . they think he be about to ask a benign question about a clean air initiative . connor be steaming mad . R.M. dutton , death cool down . the Congressman do he best to conceal he unease . pause . clara ( into phone ) you _decoy I ? elizabeth ( 0.s. , filter ) raj amarasekara have personally plagiarize seven research papers , all available online . he even have a link in account . 47 . congressman wallace well ... as you say , and have experience , gun violence be a real problem ... and while we sympathy must always be first and foremost with the family of the victim , it must also be note the enormous strain gun violence put on we healthcare system . ( uneasy pause ; in a bind ) that 's why , when put to vote ... I will whole - heartedly support the heaton-harris amendment . loud applause . Congressman wallace put on he best plastic smile and lap it up , but behind it lurk one angry man . Elizabeth survey a sea of camera phone hold up by attendee , which just capture the moment . elizabeth ( to herself ) and that 's a wrap . she turn on a sixpence to exit , but stop - she catch Jane 's gaze from across the room . her old protégé , now a adversary . neither dwell on it - Elizabeth stride out ; Jane sip she drink casually . back in the office , close - up on the vote count : Congressman wallace 's face get a big GREEN tick stick over it . int . luxury HOTEL - room 409 - night - past Elizabeth roll off forde in bed , post-coital . they stare at the ceiling . it take a moment for she breathe to normalize , but when it do : elizabeth I could use this room tonight . I have work to do . she get out of bed and dress . forde roll onto he side . forde Big case ? elizabeth forde , human interaction be a exchange . my money for you ... forde ( sotto voce ) Dick ? elizabeth let 's call it '' skill set '' - be the only exchange I be willing to make . forde now ya sound like a banker . ( beat ) I be hopin’ we could getta know each other a li’l . ( more ) 48 . forde ( cont 'd ) if you ever need a excuse to get outta the office , or wherever it be you work , I have be happy to meet downtown for a cup of Joe . just as two normal people . not , you know ... elizabeth ( smile ) while I admire you persistence , that 's never go to happen . forde suit y’erself . ( roll out of bed ) I get prep to do anyways . elizabeth prep for what ? forde ( dress ) ' nother client , tomorrow night . a flash of irrational disappointment register on Elizabeth 's face , upon be remind that forde see other woman . elizabeth you do prep ? forde for function . believe it or not , not everyone hire I for my '' skill set '' . half my client only want I on they arm . some just wanna sit and talk to someone from a different neck 'a the wood , who be not gonna judge ‘em . elizabeth dear God , that 's pathetic . forde function be different . I gotta be in character . ( disdainful ) the agency give I a list 'a cover , ' cause God forbid , I go as a country boy who come to town as a pt . insurance exec , marketin’ guy . tomorrow , oil and gas . we get a strong sense that forde loathes this deceptive aspect to he work . he be dress and ready to go ; Elizabeth dig a envelope out of she handbag , and offer it to he . his bitterness evaporate and he 's back to he playful self . elizabeth I will be see you . forde I think you owe I somethin’ more . elizabeth it 's all there . Count it . 49 . forde this cover my service . but I just give ya a whole lotta info ' bout my line 'a work . on you principle of exchange ... he motion for she to reciprocate . elizabeth that be more of a voluntary donation on you part . forde you a real enigma , ya know that ? nothin’ like the typical client . elizabeth Old ? forde strong . you be not here to live out some bizarro fantasy ' bout bein 's a master or a slave . you be here for somethin’ else . Elizabeth regards he , ambivalence subdued behind she reflective gaze . elizabeth you ask I once what bring I to this room . I guess I be play a role too . I pay you so I can imagine a life I choose to forego in pursuit of my career . forde why imagine it , when ya could just go out and get it ? the question strike a chord with Elizabeth . she harden , become defensive . elizabeth no , it 's not for I . not when I be in my twenty , and sure as hell not now . forde so no house ya call home , no folk ya call family sorta thing , huh ? ever regret that choice ? elizabeth not for a second . forde let that settle . peer into she unreadable expression . forde well , least now we be peelin’ a layer . 50 . elizabeth ( beat ) and that be all my '' principle of exchange '' will transact . Goodbye , forde . forde bye , nothin 's . forde smile and take he leave . all business again , Elizabeth shuffles through some document she 's take out of she bottega veneta briefcase . she stop , set down the file . she sit on the edge of the unkempt bed . now , still and silent . mind distant . ext . pinehurst golf course ( n. CAROLINA ) - GREEN - day - past connor line up a putt on the green as Bob sandford and congressman burn ( 5as , even - tempere businessman - turn - politico ) look on intently . connor steady himself and sink a fifteen yard putt , nerveless . he pump he fist , exhilated by victory . connor Fucking a right ! his two rival applaud ruefully . they all shake hand . congressman burn and there I think lobbyist etiquette forbid you from beat you client , much less a Congressman . you do not get to we heart by damaging we fragile ego . bob sandford I will tell you , Frank , this one here play by he own rule . ext . pinehurst golf course ( n. CAROLINA ) - lodge - day - past the three now enjoy scotch and a breathtaking view . congressman burn I be a little surprised you even make it out here . the public swing well in favor of gun control , and I be a the enviable position of financial independence . bob sandford we be well aware , Frank . congressman burn I know it may be unusual for a lobbyist to hear , but when I pledge not to accept campaign finance from the gun lobby , I mean front and back door . connor we be not offer finance . I know you approval rating 's sky-high . ( more ) 51 . connor ( cont 'd ) you could practically vote for sharia law and you have still keep you seat . I also know you be a old school patriot who care about the future of America . about what America stand for . congressman burn there 's nothing wrong with exercise vigilance over who get they hand on a firearm . connor tell I , Congressman . when I say ' america’ , what 's the first word you think of ? congressman burn ( know nod ) freedom . connor yeah . it 's in we DNA . and every time this Big brother , nanny - state make a new incursion into citizen 's freedom , it dilute what make this country great . self - sufficiency be celebrate here . you start with nothing and make a fortune buy and lease aircraft ; try do that in Europe . everyone in this great nation of ours have it in they power to succeed by they own hand , and everyone have the right to defend what 's theirs . congressman burn some incursion into freedom might be necessary . heaton - Harris be not the end of gun rights . connor no , but it 's a continuation of a culture of erosion . slowly , they be take more and more - slow enough so we will not really feel it over the course of we lifetime . but ina hundred , two hundred year , what 'il be leave of the second amendment ? connor 's passion be manifest and genuine . sandford regards he proudly , sip he scotch and nodd to argument he do not have the cogency to enunciate . connor ( cont ’d ) I know you be not a religious man , so let I put it in evolutionary term . Fish become amphibian , then reptile , all the way through primate , and then human . a monkey do not one day give birth to a human baby . but with a series of tiny , imperceptible change , over million of year , what start as a fish become something completely different . ( more ) 52 . connor ( cont ’d ) sure , heaton - Harris do not change much on its own . but the cumulative effect of a series of incursion will turn the second amendment into something very different to what we founder intend . same go for all of we freedom . Hell , I be not here because I love gun ; honestly , I do not . I do love freedom . congressman burn be that not evolution ? connor evolution be not necessarily positive . not when we stand to lose one of the thing that make it great to be american : the right to refuse to be a victim . Congressman burn sigh , look out at the resplendent fairway , think hard . open up . ext . club house ( n. CAROLINA ) - day - past connor walk with Bob sandford , towards a luxury sedan which have pull up out front of the club house . bob sandford I never have a great amount of respect for freelance outfit like you . always figure you be ready to piss whichever way the wind 's blow to make a buck - that 's why I want sloane . but see you at work just now ... you really believe what you be say . connor ( firm ) I do . unshakably . bob sandford ( beat ) then I be glad sloane say no . she do I one helluva favor . he offer he hand to connor , who shake it vigorously . bob sandford ( cont ’d ) I will see you , Pat . connor nod . that word mean the world to he . sandford get in the back seat and the car pull out . int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - day - past on the vote count , Congressman burn 's face get a big red slash stick over it by Alex , who speak to colleague . alex fuck monty burn . we be sit on a new five hundred grand . that 's over 12 % of we budget . 53 . esme it 's now 9.3 % ! lauren it come in anonymously , but everyone 's think bloomberg . cynthia if you be donate that much , why would you do it anonymously ? ross the obvious reason . cynthia what , privacy ? ross what ? no . it make you look noble when you leak you identity . cynthia oh my God . be you bear that cynical ? ross ( parrot Elizabeth ) there 's no such thing as cynicism , only a word to denote the absence - cynthia of the naivety I so keenly exhibit , yeah , right . ext . / int . grand public build - day - past Clara keep pace with Elizabeth as they quick -step up the stone staircase into the airy and impose public building . clara I delete every vestige of my online existence - elizabeth and you do not replace it , leave a clara-size hole in Google , which they obviously flagge when they be do they due diligence . why have we lose burn ? clara I do replace it . first hit on Clara thomson get you a canadian English teacher in South Korea , but I make a small footprint two rung down . I have just return from a two - year stint with medcins san Frontiers . it be solid . elizabeth what can I say ? they be good . burns. North Carolina . what the hell happen ? 54 . clara there 's ten of we . how many do you think we be up against at waterman ? thirty ? we do not have the manpower nor the funding to keep up with the lobby , and we just have not get to he yet . they get lucky and pick one who be wide open . Elizabeth grimace , know she point be valid . clara ( cont 'd ) unless , of course , it be not luck . elizabeth what do you mean ? clara you do not tell I about raj ama ... elizabeth amarasekara . just call he Matthew . clara I check with Finance , he be not pay from the firm 's account . you run he out of you own pocket . elizabeth it 's good practice to keep you circle small . I need you sharp with the question in case you slip through they net , I have nothing to gain by tell you . clara but you have something to lose . you think we might have a leak . elizabeth Clara , 25 year in this industry have teach I it 's always best to assume that in this town , no matter where you be , you be never more than two meter away from a rat . Clara 's pace fade , try to process if there be a implication be make there . Elizabeth stride into -- int . library of congress - reading room - continuous - past the vast main read room of the world 's biggest library . giant marble column , bronze statue set high up in the balustrade , and the centerpiece - sunlight seeping through arch window beneath a huge , ornate dome . the other eight member of the team work at a read table . some have laptop , other scribble on notepad . Elizabeth and Clara take they place . throughout , Clara tap away on she laptop , as if take note , not fully invest in the conversation . lauren ( to Elizabeth ) why be we meeting in a library ? 55 . esme Illinois have six Republicans in the House , a little of this money would go a long way to - elizabeth ok , stop . cynthia we need to make up 25 vote , I be think we contribute to Russell , stefanovic - alex screw contribution , we have be toe- to - toe with the lobby and we have lose . elizabeth I say stop . on clara laptop screen : she set up a new Facebook account . rodolfo schmidt tell I you have not already spend it . elizabeth we be gonna take this money and use it to send a message . we be go to swing a state we have absolutely no right to swing . rodolfo schmidt please God , do not say ... elizabeth Florida . this right here be we turn point . rodolfo schmidt you be aware that America now call Florida '' the gunshine State '' ? elizabeth I be be optimistic for a change , I think you have approve . rodolfo schmidt the whole five hundred grand , go ? elizabeth out the door . rodolfo schmidt ( in jest ) serve I right for hire a woman . elizabeth sexism from a Democrat , well I never . rodolfo schmidt almost as shocking as you be optimistic . 56 . elizabeth look around you . magnificent architecture , peace , quiet , and every worthwhile text ever publish . what 's miss ? the team look out at the huge , brilliant space . a old guy sleep at a table nowhere near we . a few tourist walk around the outskirt , snap photo , mesmerize by the giant dome . brian tumbleweed ? this place be a ghost town . elizabeth correct . this be where Mr. and Mrs. Public do not reside . we be read fewer book than ever . persuasion through long - wind argumentation do not work , who have time when we have screen to stare at ? Elizabeth aim a point look at Clara , whose attention be consume by she laptop . she eventually look up at Elizabeth . Mass groan . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) we need to market heaton - Harris the same way they market Big mac . we be drop direct mail pamphlet and buy ad space online instead . Alex , you be in charge of the banner , you have a two o'clock with jwt on 14th Street . now , to the phone bank . rodolfo schmidt I like you better as the merchant of doom . esme Elizabeth . I be familiar with the Democrat campaign machinery in Illinois , if I get out there , I can deliver at least two - elizabeth I want two phone pitch by end of tomorrow . Clara , Brian , lauren , you be team one , Cynthia , esme , Franklin , you be team two . Ross , provide stat to both . ( to esme ) when you be do here , you get start in Illinois . ( to all ) now , the second reason we be here be that I have like you all to read Packard 's exposé of psychological technique of commercial advertiser from 1957 - " oh god '' . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) - which remain dead on point in today 's world of i-nonsense . 57 . Clara 's attention be distract by something on she screen : a friend request from alex do jong . the message read : welcome back to civilization :) elizabeth ( cont ’d ) as you all know , good marketing burrow insidiously into you target 's brain and result in action , for example , buy a Big Mac . Clara glance to Alex , he laptop open in front of he . he give she a smile , know she get the request . Clara notice Elizabeth eyeing they , and she expertly recover : clara we phone pitch have to '' burrow insidiously into Floridian brain ? '' elizabeth yes . and so too you ad banner . they must burrow so deep , you target be inspire to flood they elect official with pro-heaton - Harris letter , and use that delightful social network to implore they friend to do likewise . now , read the exposé , and take to the media-verse ! clara good thing I be back on Facebook . Clara do not do much to mask she supercilious tone . Alex close he laptop and get up , a little smirk on he face . it 's not lose on Clara . elizabeth Super . they pompous shareholder can breathe again . clara it 's a public company . elizabeth better still , I can profit personally from you compulsion to tell the world what you eat for breakfast . ( sarcastically ) I take it all back , God bless e- America . ( on she way out ) everyone , get to it ! gun control mini -montage : - a strong turnout at a gun control MARCH , anti-gun banner wave , alongside picture of a young girl . - worker plaster the finish touch on a huge billboard in Times Square . one kid kill by a gun every 3 hour - a van with a large billboard in its trailer tour a city center . 150 AMERICANS shot DAILY // you could be next . - a large and vociferous gather outside a city hall . 58 . news anchor ( v.o. ) member of a group call ceasefire PA rally outside Senator Jim Mandel 's office in Philadelphia , after a man open fire in a park , kill a fourteen year - old girl - senator mandel stand at a lectern outside he office , and have to shout over chant of we want change . senator mandel I ' 1l vote to put the issue of renew background check on the Senate floor , and I will support the heaton - Harris amendment ! the crowd erupt . the Senator beam . everyone 's happy . - a big GREEN tick be stick over Senator Mandel 's face . - a big red slash over another Congressman 's face . dollar sign draw in he eye . a GREEN tick over another . - 11 vote locked , 23 to go be scrawle on a whiteboard , underneath - day to vote : 148 . int . posner 's office - day - present back to present day . a muddle of box and file . posner cross item off a checklist , while Elizabeth talk to harrison ( 60 ) , a long - time ally . posner ( to Elizabeth ) tax avoidance . any offshore bank account , undeclared income ? elizabeth no . posner cross it off . he do this with every new query . harrison ( to Elizabeth ) look , if I be interrupt , I can - elizabeth not at all . what can I do for you , Harrison ? harrison there 's no more you could possibly do for I , Liz . look , there 's no easy way to say this - elizabeth oh , thank God . harrison what ? elizabeth you have come to you sense . you be go to publicly flog I , and about time too . 59 . harrison I be go to use the term '' distance ourselves '' . elizabeth where 's the fun in that ? harrison I have shareholder to think about . from a pr standpoint ... you ... elizabeth stop fumble for a euphemism , Harrison . I be so toxic I glow in the dark . you be do absolutely the right thing , and you have nothing to apologize for . Elizabeth reach into a folder , pull out a stack of papers . posner ( to Elizabeth ) recreational drug use ? elizabeth ( to posner ) no ! ( to Harrison ) see this ? card and letter of apology from client who feel they have to do the same for the sake of they business . you corporate spokesman will denounce I in the strongest possible term . I do not help get you where you be only to see you tarnish by this nonsense . harrison this suck . elizabeth in you personal capacity as my friend , yes . but you be not denounce I as my friend , you be denounce I as ceo of harper 's , who 's duty - bound to act in the best interest of he company . and right now , that entail run from I as fast as you can scream evil . harrison you will get through this . at that moment , Harrison go to hug Elizabeth . she 's take by surprise , and panic flash across she face for a fraction of a second . she meet he embrace awkwardly , but begin to lean into it . she close she eye , enjoy a fleeting moment of release from the stress of she predicament . the moment last a second too long , and posner can not help but observe a side to Elizabeth he never know exist . Harrison smile at she warmly , nod goodbye , and exit . 60 . posner never ? I mean on the drug use . elizabeth ( sarcastic ) oh , I think you be just talk about this morning . no , never . posner set down he pen and remove glass from strain eye . he take a moment to regard Elizabeth , who fastidiously straighten papers on the desk to regain she composure . posner I can not believe you be ok with you most loyal client stomping on you . elizabeth he should have do it week ago . posner why do not you quit ? this place ? elizabeth sorry ? posner I have know you long enough now to surmise you feeling toward this city . sitting in that hearing , listen to they go over you medical record ... elizabeth ( stop ; long pause ) I want to . but I can not . I can not imagine what in the world I would do . I have be read the litigator for the last two year , I have not make it past a hundred page . I have go through eleven doctor , they all want rid of I for ignore they exhortation to slow down . I want to slow down . but this job be the only mean I have of make myself useful . she rest against the desk , stare reflectively upon the D.C. cityscape beyond the floor - to- ceiling window . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) do you know , ideology be dead ? the philosophy of the leave and right be drive by the self - interest of that who advance they . Elizabeth turn back to posner , a wistful sadness linger behind she tired eye . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) neither side care for the merit of they argument ; they just happen to spout it because it suit they position in the world . ( more ) 61 . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) they would switch in a heartbeat if a millionaire lose everything , or a break socialist win the lottery , or better still , earn a fortune by they own hand . people have no real ideology . all they political proclamation be govern solely by posner that would include you ? elizabeth behind all of my conscious brain 's grandstand , I would think so . I do not know why , but part of I wish I have not ever realize that . a meaningful silence overtake the room . they both gaze upon the dusk sun . finally : posner happy birthday , Elizabeth . Elizabeth gently swivel she neck to face he . take in he sincere expression . a touch flatter he know of the occasion . elizabeth thank you , Daniel . she return she rueful stare to the high - power world sprawle out beyond the glass . and softly exhales . fade to black ext . k STREET - day - past super : 4 month prior Elizabeth march down the sidewalk towards Peterson Wyatt 's office and unload into she cell phone . rodolfo Schmidt bust a lung to catch up to she . elizabeth ( into phone ) gunshot victim cost the american taxpayer $ 12 billion a year . that 's $ 32 per gun in circulation . now get you house in order . she hang up . rodolfo schmidt Liz sloane , make a stand for the taxpayer , even from the leave . elizabeth come off it . heaton - Harris might get three gun out of the hand of three psychopath , but the gun injury horse have long bolt . rodolfo schmidt be it ever in the stable ? 62 . elizabeth what 's up ? rodolfo schmidt David badgley , Senator from Michigan . come out in support month ago , but he just give a quote say now he want to '' wait and see '' . his pac receive twenty - five grand from the gun lobby two week ago . elizabeth a one-eighty . rodolfo schmidt '' wait and see '' be he word , so it 's really more like a ninety . elizabeth we have he on celluloid pledge he support ? rodolfo schmidt bang to rights . elizabeth so we will just have to make he feel it . Grand unveil - you come ? rodolfo schmidt I have a con-call . elizabeth make they wait . glimmer in eye ) you 'il want to see this . they enter the modern , glassy office building . int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - day - past the team sit around the table , and flip through tabbed binder of document , which contain sample ad banner , phone pitch script , and verification material . clara Alex , this be ... good ! alex they be burrow insidiously into you brain as you read . lauren hold on , the number be wrong . the House delegation , Florida have 27 - elizabeth we be not go to Florida . cynthia what ? elizabeth Florida 's out . 63 . cynthia but you say , we be gonna swing Florida , be not that what this be - alex turn to tab twelve , please . they do . team member remove a envelope , and take out what appear to be photo . face go blank . cynthia I do not have anything at tab twelve - Cynthia peer over at Brian 's photo - long distance shot , a telephoto lens - Cynthia meet connor on a park bench . rodolfo be already on the phone : rodolfo schmidt Security , we be in cl , get in here . lock down Cynthia Green 's office , secure she file and hard drive , and escort she off the premise . he hang up . to Cynthia : rodolfo schmidt you blackberry , now . Cynthia be speechless . rodolfo hammer he fist on tempere glass . rodolfo schmidt now ! Cynthia fumble she blackberry onto the table . security guard enter . cynthia he offer I a partnership track ... elizabeth good luck with that . Cynthia be escort out of the room . rodolfo toss the photo onto the table in front of Elizabeth , and follow they out . rodolfo schmidt ( to Elizabeth ; exite ) we will talk later . brian the whole Florida thing be a ruse ? elizabeth I be not that optimistic . but the gun lobby just buy a cabal of Floridian congressman they own all along , while we be about to emerge from leave field and sweep Colorado before they can figure out what hole they just get screw in . 64 . clara we be take this to Colorado ? elizabeth you have tonight to re-write you pitch . get to it . the entire team scramble - half of they turn straight to Ross , and ask for stat and info . ross eeeuuuugggghhh . int . removal van - day - past the inside of a van have be transformed into a mobile surveillance unit . Elizabeth introduce rodolfo to big SAM and little SAM , who sit at home with high - end equipment . elizabeth meet my unofficial support team . big SAM hi. call I Big Sam . little SAM Little Sam . rodolfo schmidt I would introduce myself , but judge by this set - up , you may already know I very well . big SAM there be six of we , four be out on assignment . rodolfo schmidt and you be ex ..? big SAM NSA . elizabeth so badgley 's flip-flopping . in my experience , the quick way to bring he in line be to mine for sordid detail and let he know we be in possession of they . rodolfo schmidt what exactly be you gentleman capable of ? little SAM Standard 24 - hour audio and video surveillance , cell phone and online account hack , financial transaction , location tracking , and , with we latest tech , close - quarter audio , anytime , any place . rodolfo schmidt how have you manage that one ? little SAM you know the expression 'a fly on the wall 's ? we be not that small yet , but ... 65 . Little Sam reach for a plastic container for a small pet , perhaps a lizard or a gerbil . he pull out a cockroach . little SAM meet the cut edge in eavesdropp . rodolfo schmidt it 's a cockroach . big SAM yes . it can be retro-fitted as a cybernetic robo-roach with this . Big Sam hold up a tiny ' electronic backpack 's . big SAM we glue electrode to the leg , perforate its thorax , and we can control its movement remotely . elizabeth do not call peta , Schmidt . little SAM Incorporated into the backpack be a class a listen device . go be the day of manual bugging . this guy can crawl under door , into crevice , bag , car , undetected . they can go without food for week and still be mobile . rodolfo schmidt my God ... elizabeth if there 's anything in he life worth excavate , this guy will not take long to get it . rodolfo schmidt it 's mind - boggle , ingenious , and completely unacceptable . elizabeth booooo . rodolfo schmidt you be talk about blackmail a member of Congress , and I will not entertain it . elizabeth you be only here because I figure you might say that . rodolfo regards she . be she testing he ethic ? 66 . rodolfo schmidt now , I appreciate that you often employ more creative tactic - to great effect , I might add - and , without prejudice to the undoubtedly stellar job you guy do ... we firm have certain standard below which we be simply not prepare to stoop . elizabeth rodolfo . I would not have it any other way . now she regards he . he be a different animal than George Dupont . rodolfo schmidt good . find a alternative . rodolfo Schmidt exit the van . Elizabeth make a phone call : elizabeth ( into phone ) johnny ! Liz . I be go to need the large inflatable rat you have get . int . '' inflatable R US '' store - day - past Elizabeth and Clara walk through a maze of inflate superhero on display for mom plan a garden party . clara you know there be a leak from when ? elizabeth I have my suspicion after the ama fundraiser . clara and you have she watch ? by a pi ? elizabeth that 's right . ah , here we be . they arrive at a giant inflatable rat . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) say hello to Senator badgley 's new best friend . ( call out ) johnny ! wrap it up ! clara how do you know it be she ? elizabeth sorry ? clara the leak - you have Cynthia watch , how do you know it be she ? elizabeth I do not . I have you all watch . Elizabeth walk off . 67 . int . HOTEL ballroom - night - past influential figure from business and politics rub shoulder and clink champagne flute . the placard at the entrance tell we we be at a charity dinner for the prevention of sexual violence in conflict . the disconnect be glaring . forde stand in a small circle of attendee with he client , a Vera wang -clad corporate career woman in she 30 . his posture and demeanor be different here ; in character , he be polished and gentlemanly . he fit right in . male attendee so we reach the 18th , and I know all I need be par to win- forde I think the golden rule be to never beat you client ? male attendee exactly ! but he tee off and shank it into the boony , how the hell be I not gonna win this ?! polite laughter from the circle . female attendee ( to forde ) calvin , do you get the chance to golf down in Austin ? forde not nearly as much as I would like to . I get a set of titleist iron gather dust in my garage . all the gear , and no idea . more phoney laughter . forde 's client touch he on the arm . client Excuse I a moment , dear . she go to the lady 's room . forde 's eye catch something , and he peel off from the circle after perfunctory farewell . elsewhere in the ballroom , Elizabeth empty a glass of champagne and return the flute to a pass waiter . forde howdy . Cal sneider , I be in banking and actuarial . you know , you look familiar to I ... Elizabeth regards he with no recognition whatsoever . elizabeth I be sorry , I think you have the wrong person . she move away , uncomfortable . he pursue . forde you can do better than that . 68 . elizabeth ( cold ) really , Mr. sneider , I have no idea who you think I be . Excuse I . she walk away . forde watch she go , bemuse . from a corner of the ballroom , R.M. dutton have observe the whole exchange . int . cole , kravitz and waterman - strategy room - day - past connor watch the tv , piss . on the tv - congressman badgley of Michigan fight through press and anti-gun protester in the shadow of a giant rat . connor I can not fuck believe they be show - can you fuck believe - I do not fuck believe . jane eight of the top ten national news outlet be run it . connor she 's buy they - she 's buy the whole goddam - — R.M. dutton she do not need to buy they , they swing leave all on they own . connor he take that twenty - five grand , we need to make it crystal clear to he what happen if he back down . R.M. dutton I think someone just beat we to it . jane it have its own twitter feed . connor huh ? jane the rat . int . office - day - past a deject Congressman badgley sit through a strategy meeting with he spin doctor . spin doctor every day that thing follow you around , the more people at the protest , the more voter be - they're both distract by the ominous specter of a giant rat ear , visible in the window . it ' waddle 's outside throughout , a big stupid grin on its face . 69 . congressman badgley how do we get this fuck thing out of my face ? spin doctor ride it out . might take week . enough time to forge a career - long association between you and a giant rodent . or you can clarify you position on heaton -harris . congressman badgley can I just stick a knife in it ? spin doctor if you want the entire news cycle to yourself , be my guest . Congressman badgley bury he head in he hand and sigh . int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - night - past slap . Congressman badgley 's mugshot be the latest to get a big green tick stick over it . slowly pull back to reveal the team work quietly , efficiently . Brian , who just stick on the tick , talk on he cell and update the whiteboard to : day to vote : 98 . 18 vote locked , 16 to go . brian ( into phone ) you know we be not suppose to be have this conversation , right ? cross - CUT between Brian , and ... int . tv studio - backstage - continuous - past Elizabeth , have she make - up do , hat every second . intercut with strategy room where necessary : elizabeth ( into phone ) there 's no way in hell rosen be tack on he assault weapon Ban to heaton - Harris . brian ( into phone ) it 's kind of flatter he see it as a move train though , right ? rodolfo Schmidt see Brian on the phone . rodolfo schmidt be that she ? busted , Brian hand it over . rodolfo schmidt ( into phone ) ( cont ’d ) I think we agree you have focus on the debate , for just thirty minute - — 70 . elizabeth ( into phone ) the assault weapon Ban be a vote - win ploy which sound appeal to the uninformed . it 's potemkin legislation design to help rosen keep he hand in the cookie jar . it do not help people , it help he . rodolfo schmidt ( into phone ) ban assault weapon do not help people ? say , people who might otherwise have be victim of assault weapon ? elizabeth ( into phone ) you rest my case on the ' uninformed 's . all gun be assault weapon , the awb ban cosmetic feature like pistol grip . I do not remember too many gun victim be beat to death with a telescoping stock . the sum total of the awb be that it make gun - wield lunatic look a little less scary as they kill people . rodolfo schmidt ( into phone ) I see you be in the mood for war , that 's good . focus on the debate . int . anderson cooper 360 - night - past connor sit in stone - face silence . anderson cooper smile at he amiably , but connor stonewall he , clearly not a fan . Elizabeth step onto set . harsh lighting already annoying she . connor Liz ! if you be think I be gonna go easy , I can not do that . anderson cooper Ms. sloane , please , take a - elizabeth ( to connor ) make bullshit job offer to my staff , you have plumbe new depth . connor the student become the master . elizabeth really ? how much do you spend again to secure Florida ? connor you teach I how to control a congressional office . offer to double they chief of staff 's money when he term 's up , he 's all yours - — elizabeth that 's different . you just ruin that young lady 's career . 71 . connor I ? she 's not pay for she bad call ? or do individual responsibility no longer exist ? you really have go soft and liberal . producer ( 0.s. ) live in four , three , two ... int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - continuous - past pack house , popcorn be consume by the bucket . on tv : anderson cooper ( on tv ; filter ) hello , and welcome to this special edition of Anderson Cooper 360 . clara you use to work with this guy ? alex connor ? yeah . loud , foul - mouth , and very effective . clara but she can take he , right ? alex put it this way : I would not want to be either of the man at that table . int . anderson cooper 360 - night - past mid-debate . Anderson Cooper , little more than a spectator , look like he have not blink in ten minute . connor this be the latest incursion into individual liberty by a all - powerful federal government - elizabeth what , like driver 's license ? connor driver 's license ? I be not really see the connection . elizabeth it 's illegal to operate a car without go through rigorous theoretical and practical assessment , that 's a clear constraint on the freedom of individual to drive car , as with pilot to fly plane . int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - continuous - past ross fugu chef . come on . fugu chef ! int . democratic party ho , illinois - continuous - past a cluttere campaign office . esme and a group of staffer eat takeout , glue to the tv . 72 . elizabeth ( on tv ; filter ) in Japan , chef have to train for seven year before they be allow to serve a poisonous blowfish call fugu - anderson cooper ( on tv ; filter ) we be deviate slightly off topic - elizabeth ( on tv ; filter ) do you think the government should abolish driver 's licence ? esme can not suppress she smile as Elizabeth cut into connor , about to twist the knife . connor ( on tv ; filter ) of course not - int . anderson cooper 360 - continuous - past elizabeth why , they be a government incursion on individual liberty , be they not ? we accept they because they make sense ; the more dangerous the machinery , the more rigorous the test should be . we would not want unfit driver in car any more than novice pilot fly 747 , because dangerous machinery in the wrong hand pose a threat to public safety . I think we can extend we definition of ' dangerous machinery 's to semi-automatic firearm . int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - continuous - past rodolfo schmidt that 's he cue ... alex go on , bite you son-of - a-bitch . on the tv : connor ( on tv ; filter ) the second amendment to the constitution do not guarantee the right to drive car , it guarantee the right to keep and bear arm . cheer from member of the team . Alex and Clara hi-five . alex boom ! int . anderson cooper 360 - continuous - past elizabeth the second amendment be sign in a time where the average life expectancy be 38 , and the population of the large city in America would fit inside the Orange bowl . ( more ) 73. elizabeth ( cont 'd ) what may have be perfectly sensible in that alien time be wholly inadequate to solve the problem of the present . connor the constitution be the high legal document in the land , it 's unimpeachable and explicit , ' the right of the people to keep and bear arm shall not be infringed . 's elizabeth nothing be unimpeachable , not even the constitution . the clue lie in the title of the very legislation you be so quick to parrot . anderson cooper hold on Liz , now that 's a very forceful argument ; the wording of the second amendment be explicit - elizabeth really ? do you find it forceful ? anderson cooper well , ah , I be just say , a lot of people would - elizabeth because I find it the weakest , most mind - numb retort in they arsenal ; sort of a last refuge for that with no real argument at all - connor you be talk about the United States constitution - elizabeth and I can not stand to see people hide behind it just as they hide behind the Bible to deny gay people rights . literalist need to stop recite they sacred parchment and exercise they brain power . if they can produce a rational win argument , I will gladly migrate to they side , but ' because it say so in the constitution , the Bible , or my horoscope 's be not a win argument . it 's a ripcord ; the intellectual equivalent of a yellow , pant -piss wimp cower behind mommy 's skirt . deathly silence . Elizabeth and connor eyeball each other . anderson cooper ok , time out ! we be go for a break , and when we come back , maybe this two will stop play so nice and the glove 's 1ll really come off . 74 . elizabeth ( to connor ) still think I have go soft ? int . peterson wyatt - office floor - night - past later that night . everyone have go home . Elizabeth kick off she shoe , recline in a chair and read the Washington Post . rodolfo Schmidt approach , catch she unaware . rodolfo schmidt you ever sleep ? elizabeth not when I be 16 vote short . ( be : Washington Post ) this sometimes do the trick . rodolfo schmidt you put on quite a show . elizabeth he have it come . rodolfo schmidt you really believe heaton -harris be go to make a big difference ... elizabeth not really . rodolfo schmidt really ? elizabeth America 's awash with gun . they be a art of we culture , that 's irreversible . but the stake be such that heaton -harris do not need to make a big difference . if it keep one gun out of the hand of one lunatic , that could be the difference between the life and death of a innocent civilian . and all we work would have be worth it . rodolfo schmidt do you know someone ..? someone who be a victim of gun - elizabeth no , why do everybody assume that ? it 's insulting . rodolfo schmidt it 's not insulting , it 's - elizabeth it 's insulting , it imply I can only see the merit of a argument when I feel the effect personally . ( more ) 75 . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) there be a Congressman , I forget he name - spend he entire career oppose gay rights , only to do a U - turn when he brother come out . how absurd be that ? his whole life , it 's disgusting and he 's against it , but suddenly it 's ok because he brother do it ? what a well - reason basis for a opinion . Quick , someone give this man a gavel and put he ina courthouse ! rodolfo schmidt I see you be still in kill mode . elizabeth I only have one set , you should know that by now . rodolfo schmidt well , then I ‘'1l just say I do not mean to insult you and leave it at that . rodolfo step to the door , but stop - rodolfo schmidt Liz ? ( beat ) thank you for do this . they regard one another before he take he leave . the sentiment linger behind she soften eye . then she thrust the Washington Post back up into she line of vision as we -- CUT to black . a moment 's silence . automate telephone voice ( filter ) caller -- clara ( 0.s. , filter ) Clara thomson automate telephone voice ( filter ) have enter the conference . clara ( 0.s. , filter ) hello ? fade up : ext . public bench - day - past Alex sit sentry outside a fancy restaurant , phone to he ear . gaze firmly fix on the entrance . alex ( into phone ) hey . we be the first two on , I guess we be a little early . intercut as necessary with -- 76 . int . donut factory - continuous - past a popular donut and coffee chain . Clara sit at a table , plugge into she laptop , stack of papers in front of she . clara ( into phone ) hey ! ok , ah - do you want I to dial back in a couple minute ? alex ( into phone ) you kid ? I be go out of my mind here . I should have be a sport agent . this guy 's be at lunch for the last two hour . lunch be literally he job . clara ( into phone ) that can not be good for you waistline . what 's he look like ? Alex flip open a file and regards a bio mugshot of a fat , porcine sport agent . alex ( into phone ) you have a point . ( deep breath ) anyway , while we be on that topic ... one of this day , if you be not too busy , I be think maybe we could - automate telephone voice ( filter ) caller -- elizabeth ( 0.s. , filter ) ( sarcastic deadpan ) the Easter Bunny and she merry Little helper . automate telephone voice ( filter ) have enter the conference . three -way intercut with -- int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - continuous - past Elizabeth and rodolfo Schmidt hover over a conference phone on speaker . elizabeth ( into phone ) who do we have so far ? alex ( into phone ) I and Clara . ( quick correction ) Clara and I . rodolfo schmidt ( into phone ) hey guy . let 's give it a couple minute then . clara ( into phone ) ( playful ) Alex , why do not you go ahead and finish you think ? maybe we could ..? 77 . alex ( into phone ) ( panic ; in a bind ) I be just spit-ball , ah , maybe we could - go see mel Whitman , Congressman Perez 's chief of staff , lock up he vote once and for all - elizabeth ( into phone ) the same Perez who appear on good Morning America last week , beat the heaton -harris drum ? I hardly think that 's the best use of you time . speak of which , what the hell be you two - automate telephone voice ( filter ) caller -- esme ( 0.s. , filter ) esme manucharian . automate telephone voice ( filter ) have enter the conference . four -way intercut with -- int . democratic party ho , illinois - continuous - past esme be on both she cell and a landline intermittently , as she shout over the din of cross - talk and ringing phone in this campaign boiler room . esme ( into landline ) hold just a second please . ( into cell ) Illinois say hi , guy . we be gain , I be do the round on local tv , I be on again tomorrow morning . rumor out of perry 's camp be that he 's gonna come out in favor early next week . rodolfo schmidt ( into phone ) sound like time well spend . Clara ? clara ( into phone ) in a donut Factory , go over polling data . elizabeth ( into phone ) in a donut Factory ? clara ( into phone ) you know , with Joe and Jane Public ? elizabeth ( into phone ) very well . Alex ? alex ( into phone ) get nothing from sport agent . none wanna stick they head above the parapet ' cause it will limit they client 's commercial appeal . apparently , we be not cool enough . 78 . elizabeth ( into phone ) where be you now ? alex ( into phone ) wait for Seth leventhal to roll he fat ass out of mario 's trattoria . be try to set up a meeting with this pear- shape bastard all last week , so now I be just gonna ambush he . elizabeth ( into phone ) hold off . the solution 's right there . if heaton - Harris be not cool enough - automate telephone voice ( filter ) caller -- ross ( 0.s. , filter ) hel -- hello ? how do I get this thing to w- automate telephone voice ( filter ) have enter the conference . five - way intercut with -- ext . busy urban pedestrian -only zone - continuous - past Ross speak into a cell phone while Franklin conduct pedestrian survey in this crowded shopping thoroughfare . ross ( into phone ) hello ? we be here ! elizabeth ( into phone ) Ross , let I guess : you highly complex and refine survey of american youth be about to tell we that heaton -harris be not cool enough . ross ( into phone ) quite the understatement . listen to this ... Ross put he phone on speaker and accost a shopper ( 20 ) . ross ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , be you in favor of more thorough background check for gun owner ? shopper yeah , definitely , with everything that 's go on with all the , like , shooting and stuff - ross have you ever hear of the heaton - Harris amendment ? shopper that a colon cleanser ? 79 . ross thank you , that 's all I need . ( into phone ) you get that ? elizabeth ( into phone ) Alex , if it 's not cool enough , the solution be to make it cooler . you agent would talk they sport - star client into endorse it all by themselves . where the hell 's Brian when you need - automate telephone voice ( filter ) caller -- brian ( 0.s. , filter ) Brian and lauren here . automate telephone voice ( filter ) have enter the conference . six - way intercut , with -- int . editing studio - continuous - past Brian and lauren sit with two editor in a cut room , share a headphone each and the phone receiver . brian ( into phone ) hey guy , the tv spot 's almost do . we will be good to submit it to the NFL for open day clearance by the end of the week . elizabeth ( into phone ) good . now we be all here , let 's get to it . Ross ? ross ( into phone ) level of support be not the problem , the problem be that we be not reach enough people , so support do not translate into action . brian ( into phone ) we message be good . we just need a big enough platform to blast it out so that everyone can hear it . elizabeth ( into phone ) any of we friend in the media will tell you that 's only accomplish with scandal and controversy . we message be not penetrate to young voter , most of whom be pro , but few of whom be politically active . in short , we need to make gun control cool . Brian , you have a background in marketing . brian ( into phone ) we could use a meme . like a slogan , a unit of cultural - 80 . elizabeth ( into phone ) I have read dawkin , I know what a meme be . brian ( into phone ) you do not reach this guy with direct mail pamphlet . Brian notice that a hip young editor beside he be engross in she phone . brian ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) you reach they on they smart phone . in the donut factory , Clara listen to the conversation while stare into she laptop screen : Alex 's friend request remain unanswer . the cursor hover above accept . she hit it . elizabeth ( into phone ) let 's do it . they be young , gullible , easily manipulate , and move in herd . on the bench , Alex half - listen , on he tablet . something on he screen get he attention - Clara 's Facebook notification . Alex smile to himself . elizabeth ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) so what 's we meme ? cricket . elizabeth ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) alright , I be no good at platitude , but we have at least four democrat on the team . you be suppose to be all creative . come up with something . she flick off the speaker phone , abruptly end the call . int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - day - past Ross , Alex , Clara , Brian , and Franklin sit around the table , bereft of idea . Ross write something in he notebook . everyone look at he eagerly . he notice . ross no , I be just remind myself to buy a new toothbrush . time CUT to : now there 's empty pizza box and beer bottle litter atop the table . esme be on speaker phone : esme ( 0.s. , filter ) here 's what I get : most people be pro-heaton - Harris , but in they mind only . if they want change , they need to get politically active , maybe for the first time in they life . they need to get loud . therefore ... # getloud. 81 . franklin talk be cheap ; it 's action that count . Change be bring about not by word but by action : letter , petition , march on town hall . it 's kinda long , but ... action speak louder than gun . brian how about this : eighty percent say they want change , but how many be prepare to do something about it ? how many be prepare to be the change ? it 's a quote from Gandhi . be the change that you wish to see in the world . # be thechange . elizabeth ( 0.s. ) that one make I want to puke more than the other two put together . they look to Elizabeth , hover in the background . brian really ? you do not like it ? elizabeth do not like it ? I despise it with every fiber of my be . we be run with that one . int . peterson wyatt - rodolfo 's office - day - past rodolfo work quietly at he desk , while Elizabeth sit on the couch , on she cell , mid-rant : elizabeth ( into phone ) we have craft the message already , and yes , it conform to the word limit for the attentionally challenge youth of today . ( listen ) of course not , I get one of we cool people to do it . ( listen ) no ari , not Matt damon . we have already get the damon crowd , we want the timberlake crowd . ( listen ) not politically interested but all too willing to board a bandwagon . ( listen ) beaver ? look , get he too . get as many taste- maker as you can to regurgitate it . re-tweet , whatever , just herd the damn sheep , would you ? she hang up on he . immediately start make another call . rodolfo smirk and shake he head a little . elizabeth ( to rodolfo ) what ? rodolfo just shrug . someone answer Elizabeth 's call : 82. elizabeth ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) tracey Jacobs , please . ( listen ) Liz sloane . as she wait , Elizabeth glance over to rodolfo again , and notice a frame photo on he desk : rodolfo and he wife with close friend at a ski resort in chamonix . mont blanc tower over they in the background . the group stand tight , skis bury in powder ; all look relaxed and happy . Elizabeth 's face soften , pensive . someone pick up and she snap back to reality . moment over . elizabeth ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) tracey , hi . I be fine . I need you to make some call . series of shot : - Justin timberlake 's twitter page . # be thechange be all we need to see . other celebrity follow suit . - ' retweet 's and ' favorite 's be click repeatedly . - facebook page light up with gun control post and image . - national trend - # bethechange be first on the list . - a bevy of american sport star 's twitter page blitz the cause . kobe Bryant , Kevin durant , lebron James , derek jeter , Tom brady implore they legion of follower to # bethechange . - the pedestrian area in Times Square be chock - full as protester clutching be the change banner and placard merrily chant the mantra and soak in summer sunshine . - at a anonymous town hall , a dusty old book rest on a plinth beneath a sign that read public petition . a weary - eye janitor trudge in and get a shock - member of the public ( some wear be the Change t-shirt ) , male and female , young and old , be queuing out the door to sign the book . - slap slap slap . a glut of green tick plaster over congressman 's face . - the whiteboard read day to vote : 76 . a hand erase the number in 18 vote locked , 16 to go and update they - 22 vote locked , 12 to go . int . cole , kravitz and waterman LLP - night - past the pro-gun team ( ramirez , Travis , wickham , Moore , Jane , R.M. dutton and a few more junior ) endure a connor tirade . connor be the change , be the change , I see this bullshit everywhere I go . they be walk all over we ! we need to counter this crap , right the fuck now . tell I one person in this room have something . silence . head down . 83 . R.M. dutton you get something ? connor get nothing . ramirez this be not fair . they get lefty on they team , they be good at all that creative shit . travis I would like to see one of that fuckwit in a bar fight . int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - night - past Brian and Clara eat takeout and shoot the shit . brian you think we ought to prepare for a counter ? I mean , we be wide open . they could just make be the Change into beat the Change , as in , beat the amendment . clara pull the trigger on gun control ? brian heaton-harris be ... heathen malice . int . cole , kravitz and waterman LLP - night - past blank stare all round . connor anything ... anybody ... int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - night - past brian no dilution of the constitution . clara Control criminal , not gun . brian so what do you think ? should we prep counter for some of this ? both consider for a second . they look at each other . clara Nah . int . cole , kravitz and waterman LLP - night - past connor snap , break the silence . 84. connor alright , fuck this . we be gonna spend big on tv spot , I want clint eastwood direct Chuck norris , no expense spare . the whole room breathes a sigh of relief . int . luxury HOTEL - room 409 - night - past Elizabeth enter and close the door softly behind she . it 's buckete rain outside and she 's half - soak . forde sit at the desk and look out the window at the deluge . he turn to she grab a look at she . forde you be madeline Elizabeth sloane . you work in government affair at a communication company . elizabeth well , hooray for Google . '' government affair '' and '' communication '' be just fancy word for lobby . the only person to ever call I madeline be my mother . towel and dry she hair , unperturb . forde what be that ? the other night ? you pretend like we be stranger . elizabeth in public , we be . forde we be alone - elizabeth in a room full of Washington 's finest . I can not be associate with you there , at least one other person know the truth about you . it be not intend , but forde be a little hurt by this . forde yeah . I hear you lobbyist be not so good with truth . elizabeth say who ? the man with four identity , who sleep with stranger for money ? Elizabeth regret that instantly . there be a moment 's silence as forde be again remind of he status as a leper . forde I work at my cover . I be just surprised how much of a natural you be . the way you just switch ? you need to teach I how to do that . 85 . elizabeth decade of experience . forde , deception be a integral part of social interaction . the average man lie six time a day , woman three . forde so I experience . elizabeth so what 's the problem ? forde no problem . I be fine . elizabeth you know , you just uttere the most common lie tell by both sex . forde alright . it 's wrong . satisfied ? elizabeth that 's a little simplistic . forde guess I be a simple guy . elizabeth why then do you lie for a live ? forde pay the bill faster than showin 's '' Washington 's finest '' how to use a stairmaster . elizabeth there be degree of wrongness . immoral as a harmless lie may be , it may be perfectly moral to tell a hundred of they to prevent a truly pernicious outcome . lies and half - truth be a lobbyist 's stock in trade . but I have never deploy one for a cause I do not believe in . forde ( defeat shrug ; beat ) so ... we gettin’ down to business or what ? Elizabeth hesitates . thing have change . her secret be out and she no longer feel the need to be curt with he . elizabeth be you hungry ? I would not mind ... just order room service tonight . forde look at she , intrigue . he straighten out , for the first time with she feel like he 's a respectable human , and not a support system for he manhood . later - Elizabeth and forde sit over room service . 86 . forde you once tell I this be pathetic . elizabeth if you be a total stranger , it would be . forde you line of work ... it 's all ' bout reputation , right ? nobody 's gonna cut ya any slack if they get dirt on you . elizabeth dirt have be know to end career in this town , yes . forde ( smile ) I must be worth somethin’ ... you be takin 's quite a risk , bein 's here . elizabeth it would only be a risk if I do not trust you discretion . but I must say , I do not expect you to be quite so ... principle . Elizabeth chuckle to herself sarcastically . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) you know , this be the close I have ever come to a date ? forde you never be on a date ? elizabeth I go about my business and get on with my professional life ; I take the view that if I ever stumble upon it , I would explore it . but I never seek it out . nor do I ' stumble upon it 's . so , here we be . forde what have you do in college ? do not tell I you be - elizabeth study , which be , after all , the objective of college . forde it 's fair to say you and I have very different objective . Elizabeth adjust she patek philippe watch , regards it . retreat inside herself for a soften beat . elizabeth ( slow down ) you know , I be not from money . quite the opposite , in fact . not many people know that . 87. forde can not say I ever think about it . elizabeth when you be grow up as a only child , and you and you single mother sleep together on the floor ' cause she can not afford a bed ... let 's just say it focus you . distraction like relationship pale into insignificance . forde you do not get lonely ? elizabeth I have no time to get lonely . speak of which ... Elizabeth reach into she handbag and pull out a envelope . hand it to Elizabeth 's defensive . forde . he do not take it . forde for what ? tonight 's my night off . elizabeth what do you mean ? forde I do not work tonight . I have dinner with a friend . as it would happen , a single , female friend . maybe next time we can get together for that coffee ya be so quick to shoot down . demeanor change . she withdraw , become elizabeth no . do not be ridiculous . take it . forde Fair exchange without . you get my company , I get yours . elizabeth damn it , forde , take the fuck money . he pause . realize she be not yet ready for this to be personal . always business . forde suit y’erself . he take the envelope . int . public bus , illinois - dusk - past esme sit near the back among weary commuter after a hard day 's work . nobody even she tap at she phone robotically . nobody talk . look at anyone else . 88 . the bus stop and new passenger get on . a middle - aged man get up and offer he seat to a lady who can not be much older than he . lady oh , I be fine , thanks . middle - aged man ( look down ) but for how much longer in that ? she 's wear a clunky pair of heel to he comfy Air Max 90 . concede , the Lady smile and take a seat . the Middle - age man step closer to the front of the bus . esme lower she phone , and rest she head softly against the window . she 's just close she eye , when -- a scuffle break out near the front of the bus . esme crane she neck to see what all the fuss be about -- a errant gunshot ring out ! people scream . some hit the deck - some be throw off - balance as the bus screech to a halt . a guy with a buzz CUT ( 20 ) barge he way through commuter - in he hand - a fn herstal 5.7 - he 's on a beeline , fix he determine glare squarely on esme - he stride with purpose right for she . she realize and try to scramble out of she seat - buzz cut raise the gun -— he have a clean shot . all he have to do be pull the trigg -- bang ! bang ! buzz cut jolt forward , hit twice in the back . his fn herstal drop to the floor behind he , skid to a pair of firmly - plant Air Max 90 . blood appear at the corner of he mouth and he collapse , dead . behind he stand the Middle - age man who offer he seat , stern expression behind a smoking Glock 9 . rock -solid stance of someone who spend a lot of time at the fire range . his name be frank mcgill . like a pro , he kick the fall fn herstal out of buzz cut 's reach . only then do he glance up . esme be on the floor , press up against a seat . she shiver , in shock . her water eye meet the focus stare of she savior . CUT to black int . connor 's house - day - past Morning in the connor household . his wife and obnoxious young kide be at the breakfast table . connor have he phone to he ear , and be glue to a tv news report . on the phone : 89 . connor ( into phone ) yeah , I be get it . reporter ( via t.v . ) we understand the assailant be a firearm enthusiast , and be target a lead figure in the gun control movement , who be travel as a passenger on the bus . the assailant be then shot dead himself by a civilian passenger who be carry a register conceal firearm . two people be rush to hospital with non-life- threaten injury in a incident that could have be much worse have this brave man not ... connor ( into phone ) George ? you there ? get ready to spend some money . ext . starve rock state park ( illinois ) - day - past a secluded spot that feel like a million mile from civilization . sunlight filter through treetop and all that can be hear be the electric buzz of cicadas . esme sit on a bench . she stare into space , lifeless . she do not so much as turn she head when Elizabeth sit next to she , softly . Elizabeth set down she carry - on , clearly fresh from a plane . the pair do not look at each other for a while . Elizabeth take she time here , not she usual belligerent self . elizabeth all the time I spend in the city , somehow I be still more comfortable here . esme when I be a kid , we have a family get - together ... we be sit around the table at breakfast , talk about what animal we would be if we be reincarnate . some say bird . my uncle want to be a hippo , wallowing in mud all day . when my turn come , I think I would be clever . I say ' human’ . over the next twenty year , I slowly realize everyone else at that table have already consider that option and rule it out . elizabeth I have a look at you staff profile . you be one of the most prominent anti - gun campaigner in d.c . you go to high school in Colorado in the late ' 90 . the name of the school be not state . 90 . she have not look at she yet , but esme give Elizabeth the tiniest of nod to confirm she suspicion . a long beat . esme I lock myself in a classroom and hide under a desk . I cover my ear , but it do nothing . people be die outside . I hear knock on the door . I do not have it in I to even try to help . I could not move ... I never want to feel that way again . she gaze upon the verdant landscape ; she eye moisten , composure weaken . esme ( cont ’d ) yesterday ... yesterday , I feel the exact same way I do when I be eighteen . I get very good at act tough , but nothing change underneath . nothing really change at all . Elizabeth spend a moment digest she word . her intonation slower , more consider here . elizabeth you may find this hard to believe , but I be no stranger to that sentiment myself . esme you be involved in a shoot ? elizabeth ( beat ) no . but I spend much of my formative year with my hand over my ear , try , and fail absolutely , to block out the sound of my father beat my mother . esme look at Elizabeth . it 's the first time she 's ever hear anything from she that be not work -relate . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) eventually , there come a point at which I could no longer tolerate it . brave or stupid , one day , when he get violent , I stand up to he . when you grow up in fear of someone , they hold a certain power over you that subsist , regardless of you age or relative strength . but that first time , at the age of fourteen ? that be the hardest thing I have do by a distance . esme ... what happen ? elizabeth it take he by surprise . the immediate backlash for I be not pretty ... ( more ) gl . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) but he be not so quick to get violent the next time . that stand change everything . when he do take he swing , my mother and I stand up to he together . ultimately , it give we the confidence to run away from the bastard and never look back . it be not a inspiring end , by any stretch , but some battle , believe it or not , be best win by turn you back . and some can only be win by not back down . Elizabeth regards esme , not as a subordinate or even a colleague , but more like a proud parent . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) it 's oh-so - easy to keep you mouth shut and let it slide , but you and I both manage to find that courage inside of we . especially you , esme . and when one person nail they color to the mast , you 's 1ll find that other will be quick to follow . that 's how change happen . esme retain she sense of despondency , but on some level she be buoy by Elizabeth 's show of respect . media montage : - Frank mcgill be hold up as a all - american hero . - mcgill grace the cover of newspaper and magazine , hold up he Glock 9 . - he receive a award from a city official . flashbulb pop . - poster be stick on window , car bumper . mcgill point he Glock at we . outlaw gun and only outlaw will have gun . in another poster , a whole crowd of Frank mcgill with gun on they hip . let 's all be frank . protect you community . - slap slap slap . Red slashes plaster over mugshot . - on the whiteboard - day to vote : 42 . the vote count read 25 vote locked , 9 to go . the number be replace : 21 vote locked , 13 to go . the team 's now lose ground . int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - day - past the team work in the usual melee of ringing phone and cross - talk . esme step in and the room fall silent . people stop what they be do . Elizabeth lower a phone from she ear as she eye meet esme 's . she scan the silence room . then : esme we be lose ground . what can I do ? moment over . esme be surround by colleague , update she and ask for she input . Ross sidle up to she , sheepishly . ross how be you do ? 92 . esme I be okay . a awkward beat . ross D 's you know the statistical likelihood of be strike by lighten twice ? esme ( a bit annoyed ) no , Ross , I do not . ross -.. neither do I . they finally share a smile . int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - night - past Elizabeth and the team be morose , quiet . they sit and wait . Brian get off the phone . brian ( on phone ) ok , thank you . bye . ( hang up ) that be the advertising standard division of the NFL . we tv spot be reject . lauren ( indignant ) what ?! how can they do that ?! brian we now fall foul of the ‘extreme political sensitivity 's clause . lauren bloomberg fund anti-gun spot during last year 's superbowl - esme not right after Frank mcgill . the killer blow . a brief moment 's silence , until -- Ross enter . everyone straighten out . ross ok , so it 's not great . Finance be tailing off anyway , but on current projection , we can afford phone - elizabeth let 's get to the point . with we best foot forward , base on you best guess , how do thing shake out come the vote ? ross we have run they close . and we have go further than I ever imagine . ( more ) 93. ross ( cont 'd ) but on latest projection , at we best pace ... we have come up anywhere between three to five vote short . elizabeth how accurate be you vote count ? esme very . despite the dour circumstance , esme regards Ross with a nod . always the sloucher , he straighten . elizabeth ( beat ; consider ) alright , that 's all . there 's nothing more we can do tonight . the team lethargically get up , suddenly reluctant to abandon they post . franklin Elizabeth , I do not need to leave . could rally the troops on the West Coast and - elizabeth get some rest , Franklin . you have do enough for today . clara ( channele Elizabeth ) not if we be go to be three to five vote down . alex I will take to the street right now and rip down that fuck Frank mcgill poster one at a time if I have to . ross that 's a logistical nightmare I would happily partake in . esme ++. we color be still nail to the mast , Elizabeth . Elizabeth look at the intrepid face of she small , loyal team . her exterior barely register it , but she 's genuinely touch and impressed . elizabeth the war will still be here tomorrow , guy . go home and sharpen you knife . see you all first thing . after a beat , they relent and take they exit . Elizabeth remain in she seat . rodolfo give she a moment as she affix she stare on she young colleague as they file out . rodolfo schmidt what now ? 94 . elizabeth we fight the good fight , and hope for the best . rodolfo schmidt you come ? she shake she head and rodolfo exit . Elizabeth hesitates . decisively , she pull out she cell , and make a call . female voice ( 0.s. , filter ) hello ? elizabeth ( into phone ) it 's I . female voice ( 0.s. , filter ) I be sorry , you have the wrong number . elizabeth ( into phone ) silly I . I should have write it down . she hang up , and put she phone away . savor the silence for a moment . she grope in she handbag for the trinket BOX . flip it open to reveal two little white pill . Elizabeth stare at they contemptuously . want they , but know she should not . jaw clench in frustration , Elizabeth get up and stomp over to a trash can , heel stabbing the floor with every stride . her hand hover over the receptacle , but waver - she can not let go . until -- she drop the trinket box in the trash , and turn away quickly . pace . hand fidget , eye dart around the room . frustration build , and Elizabeth let out a feral scream - kick the trash can over - papers scatter across the floor . near break - point , she gather herself . calm she breathe . the trinket box sit on the floor , glisten under tube light . taunting she . she walk over and pick it up , a disappointment in she eye for a battle lose . int . peterson wyatt - underground parking lot - night - past Elizabeth walk toward she car , finally finish for the evening . she see Clara and Alex in conversation near she black mercede s-class , and initially think nothing of it , remove the key fob from she pocket . a little closer in , she stop . observe they from a distance . they be talk , smile , as though both know they should go they separate way , but neither want to part . like awkward college kid on a first date . Elizabeth smile faintly , a touch ruefully . she hang back , not want to interrupt . she look elsewhere for a moment , but can not help but look back to see Clara give Alex a quick kiss and smile before split off to they car . Elizabeth unlock she car and get in . 95 . int . mercede s-class - continuous - past Elizabeth close the door and silence envelop the luxury cabin . she hit the start button and the engine purr . the mp3 player resume some vaguely upbeat classical music - rachmaninov 's italian polka . no more than two second pass before Elizabeth shoot a arm out to shut it up . she sit for a moment 's silence , seal off in she little bubble . finally , she belt up and pull out . int . cole , kravitz and waterman - strategy room - day - past Jane present stat to Bob sandford and the gun lobby team . jane the public be overwhelmingly in favor of gun control . they have exploit this and secure the finance necessary to mount a serious challenge . connor be there not some saturation point ? where everyone who 's back they position will have cough in ? jane yes , but with 80 % of the american public on they side , there 's still some way to go . with mcgill in the news , this be as good as it get for we . GEORGE what be you projection ? jane if we take all the uncommitted congressman and split they 50 - 50 , they win . 60 - 40 , they still win . we have need 64 % to scrape it . bob sandford good god. GEORGE how accurate be you count ? jane very . bob sandford buy they . GEORGE they be already on the payroll . bob sandford buy they again ! connor voter pressure 's too strong . 96 . bob sandford ( to George Dupont ) you say you would take care of this . the whole reason I come to this firm be for the woman who 's put you all to shame - GEORGE Bob . this bill will not pass . bob sandford how exactly do you plan to stop it ? GEORGE ( beat ) clear the room please . that who know to exit take they leave . George , Bob sandford , connor , and R.M. dutton remain . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) the only reason we be here be because of one person . without she , we walk all over they . bob sandford what be you suggest ? GEORGE we need a way to remove she from the heaton -harris campaign , put she on the defensive . for example , a congressional hearing into she unorthodox lobby practice . bob sandford how would such a thing come about ? GEORGE I know of a Congressman who may be open to the idea . but it would take a lot of persuasion . bob sandford I nil put up whatever it take to kill that amendment . R.M. dutton hold on . you 'il need a convincing allegation of impropriety as the basis for a investigation . connor I would give my leave nut to drag she rep through the dirt , but you be not gonna get it . she 's a cya specialist , I never meet anyone so pedantic in my life . GEORGE the least we can do be look for it . ( get up ) ( more ) 97 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I want everyone in this whole damn firm interview - no - I want anyone who ever share a room with she interview . we will see how well cover she ass really be . cross -cut staff interview : moore she would not let we cut corner . a large part of my job involved research the legality of we strategy , if there be any exposure she would hold off . CUT to : R.M. dutton any questionable surveillance , tapping , anything of that nature ? travis everybody know she do it , but we never deal with that guy . she keep they separate . for evidence purpose , they do not exist . CUT to : jane she would ply congressman with benefit . free meal , ticket to event , golf weekend . all pay for by we client , via the firm . GEORGE well , that right there 's enough - jane no , it 's not . she have make a point of invoice they . every single benefit , from a flight ticket to a glass of champagne , she make I keep receipt and invoice the congressman . sure , there be a understanding they have never pay , but we have always send a invoice . the debt show as a asset on we balance sheet , we can theoretically call it in any time we want . GEORGE and that 's legal ? jane apparently so . you know , now that you ask , there be a time ... ( hesitates ) ah , it 's nothing . GEORGE tell I about it . 98 . jane just a silly technicality , I do not even notice , it be Franklin - GEORGE Jane . I know she mentore you , and you have a lot of respect for she , but you choose this firm . if you have any inkling of misconduct ... jane what would happen ? to she ? . GEORGE ( lie ) , nothing ! we be mining for leverage , get she to stay out of nebraska . jane ( beat ) there may have be a financial irregularity she gloss over . with the kenyans , palm oil , the nutella tax . I think she might have violate the gift ban . int . parking lot - night - past George Dupont approach a park Lexus . he get into the passenger side . int . lexus - continuous - past George Dupont close the door and take a brief repose , exhales . in the driver 's seat sit the man lead the charge in we congressional hearing : ron M. sperl . in private , he paternal , sanctimonious demeanor give way to a curtness expect of a seasoned political schemer . GEORGE thing not look so good for the mid-term , ron . you ask I , you be gonna need a lot more tv time . congressman sperling I do not ask you . GEORGE now , who might just be able to fund that covete tv spot ? congressman sperling I be commit to heaton - Harris , I can not vote for it with one hand and choke it with the other . GEORGE it need not look that way . you ’1ll be lead a inquiry into sloane 's affair in response to a article expose she litany of misdeed . congressman sperling what article ? 99 . GEORGE we be arrange it . congressman sperling the cost of hearing run into the million . that 's public money - GEORGE ron , the gun lobby have identify you as the man to pull this off . if you decline , I can not stop they blit you with negative finance , which , sure as you shit do not smell like root beer , they will . they will not stop until they annihilate you . d' you know the root meaning of the word ' annihilate 's ? it 's Latin . it mean , reduce to nothing . that 's what they be go to do to you , ron . congressman sperling so what , I will be take a wedge from the lobby and lead the attack on heaton -harris 's biggest proponent ? a sixth -grader could connect the dot . GEORGE we can create a structure to obfuscate the source . you big wedge will arrive courtesy of eight to twelve smaller entity with no affiliation to gun . congressman sperling how big a wedge be we talk ? GEORGE Big enough to be the difference between the continuation of you duty as a member of Congress , and the reduction of you career to nothing . the article 's come . George exit the car , leave sperl to consider he word . suddenly agitate , sperl brush vigorously at he forearm , which rest on the center console , as if swatting at some persistent itch . int . peterson wyatt - rodolfo 's office - day - past rodolfo Schmidt and Elizabeth 's secretary lorraine sit at a table . Elizabeth take she seat . elizabeth this have better be good . I have get viral video to produce . lorraine I be sorting you letter , and between the hate mail and death threat , I find this . lorraine hand Elizabeth a letter . 100 . lorraine ( cont 'd ) pru West of the Star be run a feature on the lobby industry . actually , on you . elizabeth ( read ; then : ) and she want to meet I , why the hell do she send a letter ? rodolfo schmidt because she do not really want to meet you . she want to say she reach out to you for a interview and never hear back . ( off Elizabeth 's look ) a insider at the Star get in contact . Word be , it 's a hit . elizabeth well , the least I can do be disappoint she . ( to lorraine ) set it up . rodolfo schmidt you be not leave this damn building without a attorney . we in - house guy 's perfect . I do not believe you two have meet . int . peterson wyatt - posner 's office - day - past rodolfo Schmidt and one Daniel posner be mid-argument . posner you know how I feel about this , I be against you ever hire she - rodolfo schmidt because you job be not win lobby fight , it 's keep we from get sue - posner and the woman 's a liability , quite independently of she be utterly contemptible - — int . peterson wyatt - office floor - continuous - past Elizabeth sit and wait outside . she can see they in silent heat discussion behind the glass . rodolfo open the door . rodolfo schmidt Liz , meet you protection . posner Daniel posner , head of legal . elizabeth Liz sloane , contemptible liability . and amateur lip-reader ! whose idea be the glass wall , seriously ? 101 . int . cafe - day - past Elizabeth shake hand with pru west , who introduce gordon . pru west so kind of you to meet at short notice . this be Mike Gordon from we legal department . elizabeth Daniel posner from ours . pru West and Elizabeth sit . Gordon and posner follow . Gordon set a dictaphone down on the table . posner do likewise . there 's a very obvious hostility behind all the nicety . pru west Ms. sloane . you be at the forefront of a industry with a very bad rep . d’you think it 's deserve ? elizabeth yes . when a company fork out campaign contribution to a Congressman who then support legislation favorable to that company , the public see bribery . because that 's what it be . pru west can the system change ? elizabeth even if you take the money out of it , lobby will never go away . at its core , lobby be about relationship . you can not outlaw relationship . pru west but the bribery you describe earlier , that can change ? elizabeth yes , but it will not . the two party capable of effect change have no interest in do so . why would Congress change a system they profit from ? pru west who 's the second party ? elizabeth you be . the media . it 's far easier to generate hatred for individual than it be for abstract system , so you do not go for the system , you go for the personality . you choose scandal over insight , and who can blame you , reader respond to it . if you do not feed it to they , you rival will , you will go bust and lose you job . which bring I to my question for you : why be you waste my time ? 102 . pru west Excuse I ? elizabeth you be ask I abstract question about the nature of lobby which , sure as you be bear cry , will not form the basis of you article . I be go to go out on a limb and say this meeting be nothing more than a exercise in box -tick , and you article 's already write . gordon ( to pru West ) do not respond to that . ( to Elizabeth ) that 's purely speculative on you part , if you have any evidence of this , by all mean produce it . elizabeth like I say , I be go out on a limb . pru West smile smugly , know Elizabeth be right but powerless to stop the process . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) who be control you ? posner let 's not do this . elizabeth why now ? gordon the fact be , you have no way of know what Ms. West intend to do with the information glean from - elizabeth it 's clear you have no interest in what I have to say - gordon and how would you know that ? elizabeth ( beat ) you dictaphone 's off . Elizabeth exit . posner grab he dictaphone and follow . int . peterson wyatt - strategy room - day - past the entire room engross in the D.C. Star . alex it 's a hit alright . elizabeth I think it could have be worse . 103 . ross I get four factual error so far . rodolfo schmidt this be not good . elizabeth stop fussing . put the Star in the recycle . they 'il make pencil out of it , maybe one will find its way into the hand of a reporter with some integrity . it will go away . int . peterson wyatt - rodolfo 's office - day - past whack ! a week have pass , and Ross dump two large lever arch file , both burst at the seam , on rodolfo 's desk . ross every attack since the pru West hack - job that kick it all off . every single one just the right side of libelous . rodolfo schmidt so much for it go away . ross my personal favorite be the one about how you topple the High School head prefect in a fabricate plagiarism scandal . I be assume that 's not libelous ' cause I can totally see it . elizabeth God , that witch be insufferable . rodolfo schmidt this be serious . that sperl 's get the hot for you , do you two have a past ? elizabeth I barely know he , it 's a put -up . rodolfo schmidt this could result in a indictment . elizabeth I all have to resign anyway . ross be you kid , for what ?! why ?! elizabeth ( point to folder ) that . heaton - Harris get colder with every day I remain associate with it . ross we be 29 day ' till the vote , still five vote down and lose ground . if they be orchestrate this , that 's exactly what they want - 104 . elizabeth and we only play be to give it to they . rodolfo schmidt she 's right . ross we can not run the campaign without - elizabeth nonsense , of course you can . I need to lawyer up for a indictment . ross you do not do anything . elizabeth no , but we do . we get too close . int . peterson wyatt - posner 's office - day - past posner recline in he chair . posner Dan steinitz . Len watt . Edmund Gross . High - profile Federal indictment , that 's who you hire . elizabeth I want you . posner great ! my first action as you attorney be to advise you to fire I , and hire one Dan steinitz , Len watt , or Edmund Gross . elizabeth we may have we difference - posner you do not just wander into the office of hackney carriage , alright ? if I want to work for people like you , I have have take the offer from Cole kravitz waterman . elizabeth so we can not agree on the color of the sky , I can not help think you have misjudge I . posner I can live with that . elizabeth this will be news for month . career - define . if you can make room for the possibility you might be wrong about I ... do not tell I you do not want a swing at this . posner fold he arm . he do want a swing at this . 105 . int . U.S. congress - waiting room - day - present super : September 21 , 2015 posner , Alex , and Elizabeth talk at cross purpose . posner ( to Alex ) we be on in minute , you need to get out of here - alex shearman , Ohio , do you know anything we can hit he with ? elizabeth not off the top of my head , I ’11l look into it first chance I - posner this be not she job any more ! alex ( to posner ) you work for the lobby now ? ' Cause that be they plan all along . posner i. do not. Care . my job be keep she out of jail . you be do here . Alex exit . Elizabeth call out : elizabeth how 's it look ? Alex shake he head . not happen . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) find a way , get to it ! int . congressional hearing room - day - present Congressman sperl question Elizabeth . congressman sperling regard you representation of the kenyan government ... Senator Len Davies , the sponsor of the bill you dub the ' nutella tax 's , be fly to kenya first - class and put up ina five - star hotel , only a week before the bill be drop . we audit put the cost of this trip at over $ 20,000 . do the Senator ever reimburse this expense ? elizabeth no . congressman sperling be he ever invoice for they ? elizabeth no. 106 . congressman sperling be there any expectation that Senator Davis would repay this ? elizabeth the trip be pay for by the kenyan government . if you be imply I violate the gift ban , you be bark up the wrong tree . sovereign state be exempt from the gift ban under chapter 2 of the House and Senate ethnic manual . congressman sperling you sure the kenyans pay for that trip ? see , I do not think they do . ( beat ) the trip be fund from a pool account . be it not true that one of you staff raise a concern , which you hastily dismiss ? elizabeth I ' 1l1 tell you what I tell Franklin walsh . the kenyan government contribute enough to that account to cover the trip five time over . congressman sperling but it 's true that the account contain fund from private entity ? f&b conglomerate ? elizabeth they contribution make up one quarter of the total , yes . congressman sperling be it not also true that , because the kenyans instruct you late on this , fund from private entity be already in the pool account when the kenyans transfer they fund in ? elizabeth yes , I believe so . posner look crestfallen . he know what this mean . media buzz ratchet up . they smell blood . congressman sperling ( beat ; nod ) well . we have ourselves a smoking gun . this be a violation of chapter 2 of the Senate ethic manual , which prohibit the furnish of money or gift from a private entity to a member of Congress . elizabeth I repeat , the trip be furnish by the kenyan government - — 107 . congressman sperling I be afraid that 's not accurate . in accordance with regulation 17 , subsection ( d ) of the Financial account standards board guideline , fund in a pool account be to be treat under a principle know as fifo . first in , first out . it mean that money pay into a joint account first , be the first money to be pay out of it when the account be draw upon . the effect of this , be that the kenyan government do not contribute one dime towards the $ 20,000 that be spend on Senator Davis 's trip . it be cover by the sixteen private entity who first contribute to that account . which put you , as the one who authorize the transfer , in violation of the congressional gift ban . Elizabeth freeze for a moment , blind -side . it do not last . elizabeth ( incredulous ) fifo ? that 's you trump card ? you drag I in for a week of hearing , indelicately wedge a endoscope up my posterior , and all this time , the only incriminate item in you possession be a accounting snafu ? one wonder why this be not over in two hour flat . it 's almost as though you have hold some kind of special interest in drag this process out as_long as possible . congressman sperling I have a duty to be thorough in my investigation . after all , I represent the people of the United States of America . ( beat ) this conclude my question of the witness . thank you , Ms. sloane . Elizabeth get out of the hot seat and take up a position next to posner . as she do , Congressman sperl announce : congressman sperling ( cont ’d ) we have one further witness we have like to call . posner ( whisper , to Elizabeth ) fifo ? seriously ?. maybe you be not so sleazy after all . congressman sperling the people call Mr. Robert forde . Elizabeth 's face drop upon hearing the name . 108 . elizabeth I would not bet on it . see she reaction , posner know this be bad and pipe up . posner Mr. Chairman , I do not recall be give notice of you intention to - congressman sperling we have only recently be able to locate the witness , Mr. posner . elizabeth ( to posner ) let it play . posner Mr. Chairman , a moment with my client please . they confer . for the first time , Elizabeth seem break . posner what be this ? who 's Robert forde ? elizabeth I do not know why I be even surprised . how stupid I have be ... posner I can raise a objection , we can - elizabeth let it play , damn it , they will get it out there one way or another . a beat . posner relent . later , forde be escort to the stand by a Capitol Police officer . he look at Elizabeth but she will not meet he gaze . congressman sperling Mr. forde , please raise you right hand . do you solemnly swear to tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth , under pain and penalty of perjury ? forde hesitates for a moment . a quiet anger on he face . forde yeah . I swear . congressman sperling Mr. forde , could you please describe the nature of you work ? forde I get many job . pt , fitness modelin’ on the side ... congressman sperling what would you say earn you the bulk of you income at present ? 109 . forde clenches he jaw . he lean forward . forde I work as a escort in D.C. the media buzz heighten . congressman sperling you ... sleep with woman for money ? forde I meet the client 's need . sometimes , that 's bein 's on they arm . sometimes more . you have be surprised how many woman just wanna sit and talk to someone from a different neck 'a the wood , who be not gonna judge ‘em . forde glance to Elizabeth , remember they earlier conversation . she can not even look at he . congressman sperling but ... part of you job entail have intercourse for payment ? forde ~-. yes . congressman sperling have you ever meet Elizabeth sloane ? forde yep . congressman sperling could you please identify she ? forde nod to Elizabeth . her head remain bow and she continue to avert she gaze . congressman sperling what be the nature of you relationship ? forde hesitates . the media salivate . forde I be attendin’ a function with a client . Ms. sloane be there . I try to introduce myself , but she buck I off . Congressman sperl 's face harden . in the gallery , George Dupont shoot R.M. dutton a pierce glare , who look just as shocked . Elizabeth now look at forde . not the answer any of they be expect . congressman sperling Mr. forde , have you ever entertained Ms. sloane as a client ? forde «+. no. 110 . Elizabeth try she best to hide she surprise , but there 's a touch of confusion on she face ; forde 's behavior be not conform to she expectation nor world view . congressman sperling Mr. forde , may I remind you that you be speak under oath , and any statement which be later prove to be materially inaccurate may expose you to liability for perjury before Congress . this be a serious offense , and carry the suitably serious sanction of incarceration . I ask again , do you entertain Ms. sloane in any capacity as a client ? forde «+. no. I do not . congressman sperling ( harden ) thank you , Mr. forde . you be dismiss . forde exit the stand and be walk out by Capitol Police . Elizabeth watch he go , confuse and genuinely touch that he put he head on the block to protect she . int . peterson wyatt - posner 's office - night - present Elizabeth , rodolfo Schmidt , and posner sit in silence . rodolfo schmidt fifo . you be suppose to be the most debase , corrupt operative on the hill , and the only thing they can nail you with be fifo . posner it 's enough to put you behind bar . elizabeth I doubt they 's 1l bother . they get what they want . posner they want you behind bar . elizabeth Ross ! Ross appear in the doorway . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) how 's we old friend heaton-harris ? ross comatose on its death bed . the whole issue 's go cold . elizabeth ( to posner ) that 's what they want . 111 . rodolfo schmidt shameless bastard . that stunt with the prostitute - anyone who know anything about you will know how utterly preposterous that be . Elizabeth and posner exchange a quick glance . rodolfo schmidt ( cont ’d ) we fight the good fight . get closer than we have any right to . elizabeth you do not hire I to get close . ( to Ross ) what would it take to revive it ? ross right now , it 's not even make it to the floor . elizabeth what would it take to revive it ? ross seriously ? a earthquake . Elizabeth nod , as if finally concede defeat . elizabeth well . I should get go . rodolfo schmidt we will all be there tomorrow . elizabeth ( exite ; stop ) hope for a earthquake . int . elizabeth 's house - night - present dim lighting in Elizabeth 's live room . something about it have change since we be last here : a sparse arrangement of high - end furniture , coffee table and tasteful lamp . most notable be the absence of work - related clutter . no papers , folder , or file box . a vibrant pot plant where there be nothing before . dare we say , like a home . the litigator lie face - down on a side table . next to it , in the comfortable armchair use for read , Elizabeth recline , in deep , peaceful sleep . int . congressional hearing room - day - present it 's pack to the rafter and buz . Public gallery full of familiar face . connor , George Dupont , R.M. dutton , Jane , rodolfo Schmidt and the whole of the Peterson Wyatt team . int . U.S. congress - waiting room - continuous - present the same room where we first meet Elizabeth and posner . professional to the last , posner coaches she on proceedings . 112. posner they be go to ask you if you want to make a statement before they read you sentence . do not make a statement . get it ? no good can come of you make a statement . you 'il expose yourself to contempt of Congress , defamation - elizabeth I understand . posner do not make a statement . just decline , and move on . elizabeth anything else ? or can we just go in there and get this over with ? posner nod . Elizabeth stand , straighten she jacket : she too , professional to the last . she turn to leave when -- posner Liz ? posner hesitates . extends he hand to Elizabeth . he would not dare admit he be wrong about she , but they both know that 's what it mean . this time , she shake . proudly . int . congressional hearing room - day - present Elizabeth be march to the dock by capitol police officer . the ever-sanctimonious ron M. sperl preside . congressman sperling Ms. sloane . before we proceed to the business of sentencing , you be entitle to make a statement , reflect on you crime . be there something you would like to say ? elizabeth yes , Congressman , there be . posner close he eye . why do he even bother ? congressman sperling take all the time you need . elizabeth when I receive a offer to take up a position advocate for gun control , I be under no illusion of how difficult it would be . congressman sperling Ms. sloane , be this a reflection on you crime , or you recent effort to - 113 . elizabeth Mr. sperl , you have effectively spend the last seven day pry into every detail of my personal and professional existence , not to mention the fact you just permit I to take ' all the time I need 's . so , with all due respect , shut up . a pregnant collective pause permeate the entire room . sperl study she , a suppress smirk beneath he pervasive professional decorum . congressman sperling proceed . Elizabeth hesitates to compose herself , gather she thought . elizabeth my work as a lobbyist have be define by a peculiar kind of conflict . I have make a career from defend my client 's attempt to maximize they profit . I loathe to use word such as ' duty 's and ' responsibility 's , because I do not believe such concept to be basis for human behavior . I have advocate strongly for self - interest as the only rational basis . she look at posner . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) I recently tell my attorney that ideology be dead ; that people merely co - opt whichever political school of think best serve they desire to profit personally . look back on my history of representation , I can only marvel at how wrong I be . back straighten in the public gallery , surprised at the hint of contrition . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) my decision to refuse the gun lobby , and to work for the heaton -harris campaign , be decidedly contrary to the interest of my career , reputation , my bank balance , and sanity . I have be brand a master manipulator , and a parasite on american democracy . I must say , I take the job at Peterson Wyatt for reason which be not entirely consistent with my world view . forde stand at the back of the gallery , listen intently to she every word . Elizabeth 's eye flash to he . 114 . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) I guess , sometimes , people challenge themselves - do thing they do not fully understand , that do not make sense to they , or even thing they be not comfortable with ... not from any self - serve impulse to protect they lot , but as a matter of principle . because they happen to believe , in the circumstance , it 's plainly and simply the right thing to do . forde straighten , raise he head , as if he know she 's talk to he . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) next Sunday , it will have be eight month since Claudia , Lisa , and Hannah Patterson be shot dead , without rhyme or reason , in the southridge mall , Greendale , Wisconsin . int . patterson residence ( wisconsin ) - continuous - present Joel Patterson ( from page 41 ) , who lose he wife and child in the shoot , be glue to Elizabeth 's speech on tv , take it all in , resolute in he effort to hold back tear . elizabeth ( on tv ; filter ) ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I be not personally acquainted with this people , nor have I ever know a gun victim . but there be many out there who be not so lucky . Joel Patterson , a loving husband and father . they friend and teacher , past and present . anyone whose life that three innocent people would have touch . they need a voice . int . congressional hearing room - continuous - present elizabeth ( cont ’d ) the truth be , I take on each and every one of my representation because I believe , as a matter of ideology , in the cause I for which advocate . ( echoing George Dupont ) some may regard this as ' infantile , save - the-world idealism 's , but I have come to realize that conviction - lobby serve my interest very well ; it catapult I over the legion of mercenary , to the very top of my industry ; all without play golf , or be a man . chuckle from the crowd . rodolfo Schmidt smile widely , eye glaze , remember they very first conversation . 115 . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) my point be this , and there 's no better place to make it than on national tv , before America 's assemble press ... Brian and Ross share a look , remember when they bemoan the absence of a platform for they under- publicize cause . they wheel turn : do Elizabeth orchestrate all of this ? elizabeth ( cont ’d ) what set human apart be we capacity for reason . the foresight to realize that we interest be best serve not by short - term grab for personal gain , but by hold a real ideology ... cherish it ; use it as a guide for all we decision and we action . we can maximize we gain not by engage in zero - sum game of I - win-you -lose , but by cooperate - do what we believe be right , not just for ourselves , but for everyone . we would all be better off this way , individually and collectively ; we could all have it so much better - with so little effort , if only we could just see - - Elizabeth , usually so control and eloquent , stumble over she word . the wall of granite have crumble . she look to she colleague in the gallery , each full of pride and admiration . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) now , I know I be not the easiest person in the world to work with , but in this room sit two set of people with very different ideology . they find common ground and make huge sacrifice in they career and personal life , all in the name of do what they believe be right . one almost lose she life in the process . esme hold she gaze , she own wall finally come down . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) some put they identity on the line to serve a cause which ultimately protect the essence of what that very identity mean to they . Clara clenches Alex 's hand , a lump in she throat , know that Elizabeth have finally give she the acknowledgement she 's long for . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) this people be not disinterested altruist . they be just smart enough to realize that they own interest be best serve by do the right thing for society as a whole . 116 . the team sit , wide - eye , surprised , and move by she tribute . in another section of the public gallery , Jane sit next to George Dupont . she share they expression . Elizabeth cast she gaze toward the six present congressman who sit on the panel . they contemplate she word . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) I urge member of Congress to do likewise , and exercise they power and influence in a manner that benefit everyone , not just themselves . many a honest politician have try , only to be promptly vote out , because there 's always someone - some rat - who 's prepare to stoop lower than the rest to get he nose in the trough , and by so do , turn the entire electoral process into a race to the bottom . now she aim a point stare at Congressman sperl himself , who sit in stone - face silence . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) make no mistake . this be the real parasite on american democracy . Elizabeth tighten up she soften emotion , and level she chin , take in the room . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) this game be one of trust ; it only work when everyone be play . people say , ad nauseam , that they want change . I appeal to we finest nature - for want of a better expression - to be that change . the pack room be stunne quiet . journalist regard she earnestly . photographer have stop snap , put they equipment down . nobody expect this , not even Elizabeth . brian ( whisper ) that 's not exactly the meme . lauren ( emotional ; under breath ) shut up , Brian . brian right . it 's not important . in the public gallery , Jane turn to George Dupont . jane Mr. Dupont . I have like to discuss my future . GEORGE this be hardly the time . back on the stand , Elizabeth sip from a glass of water , and compose herself . partially restore the granite wall . 117 . elizabeth lobby be about foresight . about anticipate you opponent 's move and devise countermeasure . the winner plot one step ahead of the opposition , and play she trump card just after they play theirs . it 's about make sure you surprise they , and they do not surprise you . posner 's eye narrow . he 's hear this spiel before , right at the start of the hearing . elizabeth ( cont ’d ) I anticipate that if I get sufficiently close with heaton - Harris , there may be a assault against I personally to stall we momentum and tarnish we credibility . Jane turn to Dupont again . jane actually , it be . she hand he a envelope . jane ( cont 'd ) my resignation . ( she stand ) Academia 's more my scene . Jane pivot and exit . Dupont regards the envelope like it contain test result for Anthrax poisoning . congressman sperling Ms. sloane , I think it 's about time - elizabeth before I leave Cole , kravitz , and waterman , I retain a operative of mine in they rank . this send the media into a frenzy . Dupont 's eye widen . he look back after Jane . his ass be on fire . series of flashbacks : - Ross break bad news to the team : ross we would run they close . and we have go further than I ever imagine . but on the latest projection ... we would come up anywhere between three to five vote short . - Elizabeth alone in the Strategy room , phone to she ear : elizabeth ( into phone ) silly I . I should have write it down . - Jane brief the Bob sandford and the gun lobby team : 118 . jane if we take all the uncommitted congressman and split they 50 - 50 , they win . 60 - 40 , they still win . we would need 64 % to scrape it . GEORGE how accurate be you count ? jane very . ext . parking lot - night - past ecu on asphalt . a cybernetic cockroach , wear a electronic backpack scurries along the black top . via a telephoto lens - George Dupont approach a park Lexus . little SAM that 's it , he 's go for the car . Black lexus. ( mock german ) Vo ist ahnuld ? back in the parking lot , the robo-roach scuttle up beside the front right tire . from the corner of the parking lot , Big Sam , style as a homeless guy , control the cockroach with he iphone . Dupont stop to open the car door - little SAM ( cont 'd ) now ! the cockroach charge out and cling to the heel of George 's shoe , just as he get into the car . flashback : in car -— GEORGE thing not look so good for the mid-term , ron . you ask I , you be gonna need a lot more tv time . congressman sperling I do not ask you . back to scene : elizabeth a plot be hatched to use public fund to bankroll a trump - up hearing at the behest of the gun lobby . I have George Dupont under surveillance until he meet with a member of Congress who exhibit sufficient moral bankruptcy to adhere to such a plan . that Congressman be Ronald Michael sperl . the media climb on top of one another to get a shot . 119 . congressman sperling order ! this be not a platform you can use to make malicious , defamato - elizabeth input dns address 193.184.216.119 into to a browser , download a file name ... earthquake . everyone in the room bar Elizabeth and sperl make a mad rush for they phone and laptop . it 's pandemonium . insert video - Close - up zoom of sperl and George Dupont through a car windshield , on a night-vision camera . High quality audio be seamlessly synce . congressman sperling ( on video ) I be commit to heaton - Harris , I can not vote for it with one hand and choke it with the other . GEORGE ( on video ) it need not look that way . you ’1ll be lead a inquiry into sloane 's affair in response to a article expose she litany of misdeed . congressman sperling ( on video ) what article ? GEORGE ( on video ) we be arrange it . flashback : in car - sperl brush he forearm vigorously , as if swatting at some persistent itch . the source of the itch : Mr. cockroach , which burrow under the floor mat . back to scene : the entire hearing room have descend into a febrile din of cross-talk . Congressman sperl hyperventilate ; he act have crumble . connor eyeball space , red-face , jaw clench at 1,000psi . George be more fatalistic ; stony gaze zeroed in on Elizabeth . he rip open Jane 's envelope . together with she resignation letter be a old , crumpled sheet from a notepad - the same one give to Elizabeth by rodolfo the night they meet . on it , in rodolfo 's handwritten scrawl : a conviction - lobbyist never cheat . she expose cheater . below , rodolfo 's quote for Elizabeth be write simply : $ 0 George 's eye betray a glimmer of regret . he get play - tactically , creatively , and ethically - and he know it . some admiration , even . a panelist Congressman bang he gavel and shout : 120 . congressman in light of this allegation , this hearing be adjourned ! he bang he gavel again as the room continue to pulsate . Elizabeth 's eye meet that of rodolfo Schmidt . she give he a subtle , know shrug . he nod , now wise to she strategy . they finally exchange a sincere smile . fade to black int . minimum security womens 's prison - day - present visit hour . posner sit opposite Elizabeth . she have gain a little weight , the color have return to she face . posner you look good . elizabeth prison 's not so bad if you do not have a penis . the guy shank each other , we form self - help group . there 's a black market economy in lip gloss . ( beat ) you know , you be my first visitor ? I be not sure I have see you here . posner regards the sentiment with a gentle nod . posner I be curious . fifo . that be you , throw they a bone . without it , they really would have have nothing to incite the hearing ? elizabeth see ? not so terrible after all . I be hope nobody would notice the breach be commit on the day I depart . posner ( figure ) and you withheld this part of you strategy from you deposable team member because ... elizabeth five year minimum . posner regards she , realize the extent to which he have misjudge this woman . posner you instigate the whole thing . bring the roof of the US Capitol crash down on you head , put yourself - among other - through all of this . for what , a gun bill ? elizabeth how 's that do , by the way ? 121 . posner the gun lobby have supplant Wall Street as America 's most hate . you would have to talk to Ross for the number , but it 's move again . elizabeth then it work . I would not have move without a plan to win . posner but for what ? this be career suicide . no firm 's go near you , not now . you be too high - profile . elizabeth I know this would be my last hurrah the moment I conceive it . posner you be the champion of self - interest , right ? I fail to see how self - immolation in furtherance of a gun bill be in you interest . this be disinterested altruism . elizabeth ( beat ) career suicide might sound bad ... but it 's not when you consider the alternative be suicide by career . any of my eleven doctor would tell you I have serve my interest very well . posner ( get it ) you really think you can slow down ? elizabeth I take two year to read a hundred page of the litigator . I read the remain three hundred in four day . posner and on the outside ? elizabeth at least now , I have a chance to find out . ( she stand ) thank you for come , Daniel . she offer she hand . posner get up , but do not shake . posner actually , we be not quite finish here . we could not do this earlier because of deposition for the sloane - gate hearing . elizabeth do what earlier ? posner motion to the wait area of the visitation wing , behind a wall of reinforce glass . Elizabeth look over -- 122 . posner you get some visitor . -- to see she entire team : rodolfo Schmidt , head high , full of admiration and respect ; Jane , smile , tear welling ; Alex and Clara hold hand , now a couple ; Ross applaud from afar , he mind still blow by she ruse ; esme , dress casually and look more relaxed than ever ; Brian , lauren , and Franklin complete the equation . they make they way past security . Elizabeth do not know how to react ; the idea that they have all take time out of they busy life , travel all this way - just to see she , to be there for she - it 's too much . she start to tear up , and turn away instinctively , loathes to show any weakness in public . but this be the one battle she know she can not win . she turn back and move toward she colleague - now , unequivocally , she friend too . Jane be first to greet she , and they enter into a long embrace . emotion bubble over . the rest of she team gather round . all look very much at ease . dare we say , like a family . fade to black int . congressional hearing room - day - present a familiar sight . a pack house , not a spare seat in the gallery . cameras SNAP . that pulsate buzz of anticipation . reporter ( v.o. ) we be live from Capitol Hill where George Dupont and Congressman ron sperl be due to face charge of conspiracy , corruption , and abuse of power . if find guilty , both man could face lengthy jail sentence ... media frenzy as Congressman sperl and George Dupont be march to they seat by a phalanx of capitol police . reporter # 2 ( v.o. ) «+ . far-reach scandal involve key player from D.C. lobby firm Cole , kravitz and waterman ; Bob sandford , President of the gun lobby ; award - win journalist pru West ... int . minimum security womens 's prison - day - present Elizabeth be hand a bag of personal effect . she hug three female inmate she have befriend during she stay . 123 . reporter # 3 ( v.o. ) «+ . accuse of buy a series of congressional hearing to smear and frustrate pro-gun control advocate Elizabeth sloane in she effort to promote the heaton-harris amend ... reporter # 4 ( v.o. ) «+ . expected to be sign into law on Tuesday , meaning , for the first time in America 's history , it will be impossible to buy a gun from anyone without undergo extensive criminal and mental health background check . ext . minimum security womens 's prison - day - present Elizabeth be show out of a discreet side exit . she 's dress in casual , comfortable clothing . a sharp contrast from she usual urban warrior business attire . she try to hail a cab , but the first one to pass be occupy . her eye catch something across the street ... forde lean against the side of he pickup , a_cup of coffee in each hand . they eye meet . they hold the stare for a long moment . forde play it cool as ever . he casually observe she , wait for a reaction . Elizabeth straighten out . a smile crease she cheek ... fade out