mission impossible 2 by Robert towne revise . 12/4/99 note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number and some " scene omitted " slug . they have be removed for this soft copy . fade in : a worn satchel ( moving - day ) be be carry by a world weary middle european wear a black armband . vladimir nekhorvich exit a gleam building , pause for a moment , under a motto clearly visible above he head , < i >' where the future be now ' < / i>. he check the time . insert - watch set in < i>countdown mode . < / i> it 's at 19 hour forty - seven minute and sixteen second and drop , 19:37.15 , : 14 , :13 , : 12 etc . o.s. child be sing : < i> Ring a ring a rosy / a pocketful of posy / a tissue a tissue / we all fall down . </ i> nekhorvich look to see child at play outside the adjacent Natural History Museum . they be move in and around a odd freeform sculpture . Pov - sculpture and child a blur where the sculpture seem to be distorting the child , almost like mirror in a fun house . nekhorvich wipe he eye , a horn honk . he look toward the sound . moving shot - satchel ( int . airport security - day ) on the belt that take it through X - Ray . on the other side a guard open the satchel and poke through a few toilet article , personal item , book , a battleship gray digital camera and - in a small plastic container mark ' s.g. ' - a small , square shiny object , hi-tech and at odd with the other item . she pull out a urn - shape vessel . guard what 's this , then ? nekhorvich ( hand she document ) the ash of a colleague , I be take they to he family . if you wish to open it , please be careful . computerize screen display ( int . plane - moving - day ) on the cabin wall display a colorful map show the flight point of departure in Sydney , continuously update distance , direction and time to its ultimate destination , Atlanta , Georgia . captain voice - folk , we be a little over two and a half hour from touchdown in Atlanta , but if you look out you window on either side of the aircraft , we will soon be crossing the southern section of the Rocky Mountains , a range which include more than 50 peak rise above 14,000 foot . the chain 's loftiest point , mount elbert , at 14 , 433 foot should be come into view as we pass over central Colorado shortly .. nekhorvich ( int . cabin - day ) seem intent on the map , its change time and distance . he check he watch - the countdown have go from 20 to three hour and 32 minute as nekhorvich be mesmerize by the descend second whipping by . ethan hunt sit into shot on the vacant first class aisle seat beside nekhorvich . ethan you keep stare at that watch as if you life depend on it , Doctor .. nekhorvich well , yes . I suppose I be a bit anxious . ethan they be ready and wait . you will soon be with old friend . nekhorvich ( meaning ethan ) I be with a old friend now , dmitri . ethan sorry it could not be under happier circumstance . nekhorvich yes , I be sorry too . . ' you be sorry and I be sorry ..' ( bemuse laughter , then look at ethan ) - you do know gradski think the world of you . nekhorvich be overcome . ethan put a comforting hand on he shoulder : ethan he be quite a man . do he know before the end you two have succeed ? nekhorvich yes , he know . just .. ethan .. not in time to save he . nekhorvich no . after you have live with < i> chimera < / i> for twenty hour , nothing can save you . not even ...< i> bellerophon . </ i> nekhorvich pat the satchel . ethan you carry they together ? safely ? with a almost impish grin and a wink : nekhorvich yes , and you will get we to a safe place with they , thank god !.. leave to my own device , I be a old fart too inept to read a railroad timetable !.. good-nature laughter . cut off by a flight steward who pass by , give a sidelong silence in ethan and nekhorvich 's direction . oxygen mask suddenly deploy from the ceiling . passenger be puzzle and alarmed . captain voice you Captain again . we have experience a slight but abrupt drop in cabin pressure .. a passenger struggle with he mask . as nekhorvich fumble with the strap on he mask he note that the display screen show they altitude be below 30,000 foot and drop . he check the countdown time on he watch again . nekhorvich look around he . the flight attendant be conspicuously absent and all the passenger who have on oxygen mask be pass out . int - cockpit the flight crew now wear they oxygen mask . captain ( into radio ) Pan , pan , pan , Denver Center . this be tran pac Flight two-two-zero-seven , 747 heavy . we be not read you . we be unable to maintain cabin pressurization . we have initiate a descent to one six thousand . the co-pilot be work on the plane 's altitude when he hand slip off the control . his eye flutter , then : CO - pilot Captain , I do n't..ca not .. he pass out . the Captain , hugh stamp , turn to verify that the relief pilot be also unconscious at the control . he then remove he oxygen mask , set the auto pilot , input number to slow the plane and descend . as the craft title downward ... int - gallery the flight attendant be pull on jump suit . stamp emerge from the cockpit . int - cabin ethan return . nekhorvich beckon to he . ethan sit . grinning around , nekhorvich conspiratorially : nekhorvich .. it seem we have a problem , dmitri . ethan ( in the same tone ) you keep call I dmitri . you really should not . nekhorvich 's eye narrow . nekhorvich you be not dmitri ? with a lightning swift move ethan break nekhorvich 's neck . ethan - no . he grab the satchel . ethan ( cont would ) ( to wallis ) wallis , hold onto it . wallis slashes the satchel handle open , take the satchel for ambrose . he peel off the latex mask , revealing sean ambrose . ethan ( cont would ) ulrich , pull the - he tear off the vocal oscillator at he adam 's apple , clear he throat , now as ambrose : ambrose - pull the no2 tank and dump it , it 's potential evidence .. stamp ( the ' captain ' into shot ) all do , chief .. ambrose ( what else ) - right - ( kid ) - do not go too far ahead of I now - stamp not possible .. ulrich have roll back the carpet over a access panel just beneath they that lead to the belly of the plane . stamp pull back the panel , hop into the compartment below which be four wall of electronic equipment . stamp kneel and slide back the floor hatch . the wind howl , puff of cloud zip by beneath they . as they descend into the belly : wallis checkpoint Charlie plus 30 , altitude minus two - zero-thousand . airspeed one - seven - niner knot .. ambrose it 's that time . go. they don goggle and , with ambrose in the lead , the team leap , one after another from the hatch , sailing off into the sky . int - cockpit ( day ) a automated voice repeat in a ominous monotone : voice terrain , terrain . pull up , pull up . the co-pilot stir . he blearily rouse himself just in time to see : a mountain rush toward he . as mountain meet airplane , the frame be fill with fire , but when camera pull back from the fireball , it be in fact no more than a match head fill frame , which ignite , light a fuse .. the MI theme music kick in , the main credit roll to : ext - face of mountain ( day ) for a moment it might be think part of the same range when the plane crash but when ethan hunt climb into frame the angle widen and title down , revealing more of where he 's come from than where he 's go . aside from the fact that he 's in the midst of free-climbing what be easily a sheer rock face of at least a thousand foot , there 's the sunny picture - postcard view of a lovely valley and pellucid lake thousand of foot below . ethan climb out of shot . wide up angle ( day ) revealing the summit , a light breeze hit the lichen and whatever growth have a slender purchase on the rocky mountainside , fluffy cloud overhead . ethan into shot . despite the spectacularly precarious handhold he 's use to hang onto the mountain and he life , he appear relaxed , engage - for he - in the equivalent of busman 's holiday . it 's leisurely danger for ethan ; one might almost expect to hear Julie andrew trill ' climb every Mountain ' on the soundtrack . then a rock he 's be grasp crumble and ethan drop about six inch before he grab onto the mountain again . as he hang by five finger thousand of foot above the earth he do not seem terribly concerned until he spot a helicopter . it 's materialize behind the summit and pass surprisingly close just overhead , casting its shadow downward over ethan . instinctively , ethan flatten himself against the rock surface , as if the copter pose some sort of threat to he . but when its rotor whir it into the distance ethan relax and resume he climb . a hairy overhang ( ext . mountain - day ) near the summit ethan depart from the vertical and be now traversing the mountain with more of he back than he foot expose to the earth far below . he 's cling to the mountain almost like a fly walk on the ceiling . when he reach for a handhold that will restore he to the vertical , he dislodge a lizard - and manage to catch it before it plunge thousand of foot to oblivion . ethan whoaa .. he pocket the lizard , climb the overhang . reverse angle - summit with ethan 's hand , then ethan come into view and make the summit . he reach into he pocket and release the lizard who favor ethan with a stern reptilian stare by way of gratitude . to lizard : ethan you be welcome . the lizard scamper off , then a low beep sound at he back attract he attention . he turn to see the source of the beep , a small package in day - glo color with a day - glo streamer . ethan look to the sky where the helicopter be now ominously circle back . ethan lift the day - glo package and wave it in the direction of the copter . with a distinct lack of enthusiasm . the helicopter once again turn , bank and disappear . ethan have open the beep package and find a pair of sunglass . ethan's Pov sunglass first , a retinal scan . electronic voice Identity confirm . swanbeck good morning , Mr. hunt . swanbeck 's face flash onscreen . over he introduction of nyah be a series of satellite photograph whose subject be so elusive she never seem to give the camera a clean shot . swanbeck' voice you mission , should you choose to accept it , require you to recover a steal item , designate < i> chimera . < / i> essential to the mission be the recruitment of a civilian -- a miss nyah nordoff - Hall . she be a highly capable professional thief currently active in Spain . a series of nyah 's ' accomplishment ' , i.e. , warrant , complaint , interpol summary of she various criminal activity , as well as glimpsis of the elusive nyah circulate about Seville . swanbeck' voice ( cont would ) her dossier 's available on i-com 3 . you have 48 hour to recruit Ms. nordoff - Hall and meet I in Seville to receive further detail . should you or any member of you IM force be catch or kill , the Secretary will disavow all knowledge of you action . swanbeck 's face reappear on screen : swanbeck' voice ( cont would ) and Mr. hunt - the next time you go on vacation , please be good enough to let we know where you be go . this message will self - destruct in five second . ethan remove the glass , then toss they into space . ethan if I let you know where I be go - the glass explode in a puff of smoke . ethan ( cont would ) - will not be on holiday . ethan , with a fair amount of disgust , get to he foot and jump off the mountain , in , what for a moment look like a suicidal snit . then , somewhere hundred of foot below camera , there 's a little puff of color as the tulip-shaped chute pop out of he back - pack . begin the sound of a castanet and the animal - like cry of flamenco dancer . dissolve to : ext - andalusian villa ( eve ) bustle in the activity of a large private party , with arrive guest and attentive valet , as a young woman , she face unseen , exit she car and enter the villa . a flash of skirt and lace ( int - ext . villa - flamenco dancers - eve ) where to the cry of dancer add graceful feminine hand wield the castanet . the dancer perform on a raise platform and nyah nordoff -hall be face can be glimpse through the swirl skirt and pound heel , look through , not at they . reverse angle - ethan look back in a similar way to nyah ; surreal lighting and the relentless chorus of pound heel seem to isolate they in the crow party . nyah continue to look at ethan over the shoulder over she wanna - be escort , a very attentive gentleman . nyah offer up she empty glass , and the gentleman eagerly take it to the bar for a refill , leave nyah and ethan look at one another . ethan approach she . ethan do you know I ? nyah no. should I ? ethan no . you just look as if you do . nyah no . just as if I would like to . ethan oh. well . I think that can be arrange . nyah not tonight . bad timing . sorry - ethan there 's not enough time in the world for any of it to be bad . this stop she . nyah move closer to he , until they be nose to nose . whisper but breezy : nyah look , it 's either you or the rent and I do not mind tell you it 's not a easy choice . ethan what if I pay the rent ? nyah uh-huh . ethan uh-huh ? glancing at the gentleman make he way back with she drink then : nyah go find the wealthy lady you come with and next time we meet - I will pay you rent . ( kissing he , sweetly ) now bugger off . and purposeful creature that she be , she take she frustrated desire upstairs , timing she footstep so as to use the sound of the dancer 's step to cover she own . once upstairs , a security guard near the master bedroom can be see eagerly follow she down the hall , both move past a pair of window , visible to ethan . in a few moment , nyah can be see past the window in the opposite direction , without the guard follow . in another moment or two , a very puzzle look security guard can be glimpse in the first window , look up and down the hall , clearly have lose sight of nyah . ethan smile , move out of shot . int - master bedroom ( eve ) nyah have open the door and move swiftly through the bedroom . int - bath ( eve ) a decadent look affair with suggestive lighting , mirrore wall . the tub have a tray across it which include a wine cooler chill a bottle of Crystal and a mound of caviar on a bed of ice . nyah can not resist . she spoon a dollop of the caviar and downs it before she move along the frescoed wall of the tub to its back . there , she pull out she compact and remove the puff , revealing a electronic density meter . she turn it on and hold it at the rear of the tub . its sweep gauge jump sharply from green through yellow and into red . nyah ( she fondest hope confirm ) mmmm . she now step into the tub and focus on the grout between the tile just above the sop dish . her knee eye search for any crack in the grout and she spot one . use a tweezers she pull the silver of the grout out from between the tile , revealing something that look like a credit card wedge between the tile . she slip the card into a narrow open under the sop dish . there 's the sound of hydraulics and two arm move the marble case out from the rear of the tub . nyah breathes a sigh of relief and anticipation : kneel in the tub she find herself look down at a open safe , revealing some half - dozen lock compartment . as she study they : ethan decision , decision . nyah look up to see ethan 's reflection in the bathroom mirror , look down at she kneel in the tub . nyah what be you do here ? ethan think you be the only one who can pick a lock ? nyah ( not altogether pleased ) I see . you be not just another pretty face .. before ethan can answer , a voice can be hear come from the bedroom warbling granada in Spanish , and with considerable gusto . nyah ( cont would ) oh god . a bloody baritone . nyah catch a reflection behind ethan 's in the bathroom mirror . she reach up and grab ethan by the lapel , yanking he into the tub , pull he down on top of she . once again they be nose to nose . ethan I take it you prefer tenor . she glance up at the mirror . in it be the reflection of senor augusto do l'arena , a big amiable castilian in he fifty who 's change a white dinner jacket that 's have wine split on it . he break into a heavily accented version of ' now or never ' , and disappear from the dress room mirror . nyah would you mind if I be on top ? ethan oh , either way work for I . with a jaundice look she roll over on top of ethan and begin work on one of the safe compartment , use a tiny torque wrench from a tube of lipstick and a carbide pick from a mascara brush . she glance down and be rather disconcert . continue work with the pick and wrench . ethan's voice you be never gonna find it there . nyah ( she jump , drop the torque wrench ) damn it ! find what ? ethan his ex- wife 's bulgari necklace that go up for auction Tuesday . look down to ethan , a touch of indignation : looking up more or less , hand lock behind he neck as he rest against the rake back of the tub , he eye and nose inch from nyah 's lower pelvic region as she straddle he . not exactly in the mood to move : she stiffen - he know too damn much . nyah - right .. where be it ? ethan Far right . she immediately switch she effort from top leave to the bottom right compartment . she 's utterly nonpluss : nyah where 's the bloody - ethan ( pluck it off he chest , offer it up like a mechanic under the chassis ) - torque wrench . nyah - this be very disconert .. ethan hey , you put I here . I just do what I be tell . nyah - right .. she unstraddle he and , with a few deat move with the torque wrench and carbide pick - and it 's open . she withdraw a velvet pouch and open the pouch . out spill the spectacular necklace . nyah ( cont would ) Lovely . ( start to close the safe ) who be you and what 's it go to cost I ? ethan ( have sit up ) I would not do that . nyah do what ? the alarm go off . ethan that . the bathroom be suddenly fill with security guard , gun draw senor de l' Arena , look highly upset , pop in . senor do l'arena oh , senor key , thank God it be you ! ( in Spanish to security guard , annoyed ) it 's senor key , the security engineer . ethan well , senor de l' Arena the goods news be that the heat sensor be activate . but miss nordoff - Hall , my associate - senor de l' Arena kiss nyah 's hand . senor do l'arena mucho gusto , senorita . ethan - do feel that she have rather too long to work on the safe before they trigger the alarm , be not that right miss Hall ? nyah oh yes . absolutely . much too long I should yes . nyah 's initial shock and panic slowly give way to a wary , intensify curiosity - about ethan . ethan under the circumstance I think we would recommend re-setting the senor to respond to a lighter load . how do you feel about forty kilo , miss Hall ? nyah indeed . ethan well , senor de l' Arena , there 's no reason to disrupt you party any longer . we have some further concern about the disposition of you security guard , which you will receive in we write report by fax in the morning , hard copy to follow . shall we ? he offer nyah he arm . they start out . ethan immediately stop . ethan ( cont would ) miss Hall . have not you forget something ? nyah look genuinely puzzle . nyah the necklace ? nyah slowly reach into she dress and withdraw the glitter string of diamond and ruby from she bust . senor do l'arena ( a great kidder ) what be you try to do , senorita ? Rob I . they all laugh , and ethan 's get she out the door . ext - andalusian villa ( late night - pre dawn ) the star dimming , the sky a gun metal blue . ethan and nyah emerge from the villa , walk slowly . nyah 's clearly preoccupy . nyah I be miss something here , aside from a 500,000 pound necklace . even after I botch the job , I could have walk out of there with the bloody thing . ethan at least you walk . nyah if you be not go to let I get away with it , why do you let I go through with it ? ethan want to see how good you be . I be hope we might work together . nyah May I say something , no offence ? you look like a gigolo , you sound like a thief , you act like a cop - what the bloody hell do you have in mind ? ethan work under adverse condition . highly adverse condition . nyah sound smash . I be in . muchacho , mis carro , por favor ! now be serious . you could not possibly want I off tonight 's performance .. ethan you do not do that badly . her car arrive . nyah ( as she move to she car ) you be apologize for I ? quite the gentleman .. ethan ( open the car door ) not really . I trigger the alarm .. one foot on the floorboard she freeze , back to ethan . ethan hey , the bulgari job last week be flawless . and I have always be partial to pale yellow . she slide behind the wheel . nyah ( as he lead on the car ) I do not do laundry , or put up with cheeky bastard who set I up on they territory so they can poach on mine . she take off , spew bit of gravel and dust in she wake . ethan smile and shake he head . on the road - nyah ( moving ) around curve , hair fly , she 's free . her car phone ring . perplex , she let it ring once or twice pick it up : nyah ( tentatively ) hola .. ethan hi. would you mind slow down ? nyah where do you get this number ? I do not even have it ! ethan ' voice would you like it ? she hit the end button and disconnect . the phone immediately ring again . she refuse to pick up . ethan pull alongside hers . she look at he . they speak through the open car . ethan pull over and listen to I , will you ? just listen .. nyah listen to what ? ethan I need you help and I thin you can use mine . nyah you help ? what be you talk about ? ethan Scotland yard , interpol , every dutch authority . I can make they go away . nyah oh bloody hell . you be a spy . she floor it and shoot ahead of ethan , nick he car as she take off . ethan ( to himself ) I deserve that . series of drive shot - nyah and ethan ethan ring she again . and keep ringing . her face become grim , she flight progressively more desperate and with ethan 's pursuit progressively more determine . they be reach the limit of adhesion around blind curve . more shot drive ( dawn ) the sky 's battleship gray ; ethan pursue nyah around hairpin turn high above the costa del sol ; they rip through patch of marine fog drift on the road , obscure it . both be appal by the other 's willingness to escalate risk in this game of flight and pursuit until ethan tear through a fogbank and see on he gps what nyah can not see through the fog - less than four hundred meter ahead be a turn she can not possibly negotiate and if she can not she will plunge off the road hundred of foot to rock and sea below . ringing she number again : ethan ( half to himself ) slow down , slow down . she turn up a mound and lose control . she spin out and head toward the edge of the cliff . nyah ( realize she 's in trouble ) uh-oh . ethan cut she off and send they both into a 540 degree spin . her car stop just at the cliff 's edge . furious she wrench open the car door and get out . ethan no ! suddenly there 's no nyah . ethan leap over to nyah 's car and see nyah dangle over the ocean and rock hundred of foot below , hold the door handle . nyah oh..oh .. take a firm grip on she wrist . ethan do not look down . just .. look at I . that 's it .. that 's it .. he pull nyah up to the car , across the seat and half into he arm . for a long moment it look like she 's in shock . then : nyah what 's you name ? ethan ethan hunt . nyah well , ethan hunt , what be it you want to talk to I about ? thru the veil of morning fog , nyah look at ethan . her dark eye suggest wit , and willingness , and long . ethan ... more than I think .. they scarcely to move to bring they lip together : nyah awfully short notice .. ethan Care to wait a decent interval ? nyah who want to be decent ?.. dissolve : close - ethan ( int - ext . safehouse - seville - day - eve ) sleep . his eye open slowly . he come to full consciousness , he head still on the pillow . something approach serious anxiety inform he feature . he lift he head and look at he leave , angle widen . nyah lie on she side face he , sleep serenely . anxiety on the order of oh - god-this - be not - approve - recruiting - technique , confirm . he let he head flop back on the pillow . then he turn so he and nyah be profile to - profile . as he look at she sleep he anxiety fade , replace by curiosity and even wonder . he lift he hand and just brushes she cheek . her eye open . she know where she be . ethan so what have you get against spook ? nyah smile . nyah when they have get you recruiting technique ? not a thing . ethan oh. well .. this be not exactly by the book . nyah they have get a book for this ? ethan they have get a book for everything . nyah the only other spook I know be a liar . charm but absolutely incapable of tell the truth . he would lie about he favorite color . but then I reckon it 's a occupational hazard . all spy really do be conceal the truth and tell lie . ethan not revealing information do not necessarily make someone a liar . nyah that 's not the point . in the end what spy rely on be the one thing they think they know that you do not . ethan which be ? nyah that they be lie . ethan laugh . nyah ( cont would ) ..once they know that they can get very very ..crosee .. nyah shoulder and move into ethan . ethan so where do I get right ? nyah you be not a liar . or you be a awfully good one .. ( then ) .. this thing this bloke pinch .. ethan I do not know that they ' pinch ' it . do not even know that they be bloke . nyah stop to think about this . nyah well , then , what I be I do here ? I assume I be mean to be some sort of thief - to catch - a- thief .. ethan so do i. sort of . nyah look at ethan , a little worried . nyah speak like a spook .. you ever afraid ? ethan of what ? nyah laugh . nyah ask a question , you get a answer !.. ethan damn , you be beautiful . nyah that 's because I be on my back . Quick as a cat ethan flip nyah over so she 's look down at he . ethan I do not think so . she sink into he arm . ext - int - STREET - seville ( valencia festival ) ( eve ) ethan 's step be unusually jaunty as he bounce along , make he way through the festive and jostling crowd prepare for the < i> crema < / i> portion of the < i> fallas de Valencia . < / i> on this night great papier mache effigy , some serious , some comic , be place all through the city and torch in great bonfire . outside the bar ethan 's look for there 's a street vendor , hawk fallas memento and flower . he start past the vendor , and it hit he - he 's go to buy some flower . he choose a colorful spring bouquet so fresh the dew can be see on the petal . ethan pay the vendor , start into the bar , and think better of walk into swanbeck with the bouquet . turn back to the vendor . ethan be you gonna be here a while ? vendor Si , senor . ethan I will pick them up on my way out , okay ? ethan enter the bar and go upstairs to the second floor where he pass security at a pair of double door . int - imf briefing room swanbeck stand look out the window . noisy crowd from the festival provide a constant walla , and during the sequence , the first effigy be light , and smoke and flame provide a vivid background through briefing room 's window . swanbeck fetival 's a pain in the ass . honore saint by set them on fire . ( turn to ethan ) sit down , sit down . ethan sit . swanbeck ( cont would ) let 's you know what they think of saint , do not it ? damn near set I on fire on my way over here . as if I have not be burn enough today . a moment where it 's impossible to tell which way the wind be go to blow between this two . then civilly : swanbeck ( cont would ) sorry I barge in on you vacation . ethan sorry I do not let you know where I be . swanbeck do not be . would not be on vacation if you do . ethan well . you be sorry and I be sorry . swanbeck why do you phrase it like that ? ethan like what ? swanbeck ' you be sorry and I be sorry . ' ethan you gotta be kid . swanbeck turn to he computer and begin play on a dvd , and project onto a computer screen stare back at ethan be : vladimir nekhorvich nekhorvich ( with exaggerate brio ) well , dmitri ! how be you ?.. nekhorvich pause as if wait for reply . ethan smile . ethan .. I be fine .. and you ? nekhorvich I be fine .. ethan laugh . ethan I be fine and you be fine .. with ethan simultaneously whisper : nekhorvich I be fine too .. I be fine and you be fine - do you remember , dear fry , how you get sergei and I to repeat that line from Dr. strangelove and we give you the name of that silly Soviet Premier because we do not know you name ?.. in that day , you not only save we life , you save we sanity . ' now , then dmitri - we have this little problem ' : every search for a hero must begin with something that every hero require ; a villain . therefore , in a search for we hero , bellerophon , we create a monster chimera . I beg you , dmitri , come to Sydney and accompany I to Atlanta immediately . however we travel , I must arrive at I destination , within 20 hour of departure . forgive this fanciful explanation , but for now prudence dictate that I communicate nothing but the gravest urgency . I fear I can entrust this to no one but you , dmitri . as we say , ' I be sorry and you be sorry '.. swanbeck stop the dvd . swanbeck let I ask you something . you have any idea what the hell he 's talk about ? ethan smile . ethan a idea , yeah . swanbeck like ? ethan like it 's a good idea to pick he up in a hurry . and a bad idea to fly he on a commercial carrier . so let 's get on with it . he 's still in Sydney ? swanbeck Dr. Vladimir nekhorvich be dead . so be he colleague , gradski , but that happen earlier . we have nekhorvich on a flight from Sydney that crash in the Rockies .. ethan sit back , heavily . swanbeck ( cont would ) - hunt , be you listen ?.. slowly look up : ethan if he do not want to go anywhere without I , how do you get he on the flight ? swanbeck you be there . swanbeck clear he throat . he turn back to the computer and punch in : < i>mission double image .</ i> file open to computer scan of ambrose , sean , and hunt , ethan , the computer scan and compare they feature , millimeter by millimeter , stat by stat , as the computer then impose , with the help of the physiognomy scan , ethan 's face on ambrose : hence , mission double image . ethan slowly look up at swanbeck . swanbeck when I could not find you , I have to replace you . Sean ambrose be the obvious choice . he double you , what ? two , three time ? ethan twice . swanbeck what do you think of he ? ethan you know we have reservation about each other . be not it a little late in the day to be ask I that ? swanbeck not necessarily . swanbeck show ethan a photo of airline Captain . swanbeck airline record list Captain harold macintosh as the pilot for flt 2207 . as far as the media and all governmental agency be concerned , Captain macintosh die on the flight , but in fact he miss it . he do , however make the next flight - in cargo , stuff into a rather small suitcase consider he size . another photo of a open suitcase , the body in it partially obscure by a ring of police and custom officer . swanbeck ( cont would ) someone on that flight plan a operation design to down the plane and make it look like a accident . someone skillful enough to bring the whole thing off without a hitch but - they do not always get you luggage on the plane , even when you fly first class . ethan so there 's one thing we know ambrose do not . swanbeck then you do think it be ambrose . ethan barely nod . swanbeck ( cont would ) and you be not surprised . ethan give swanbeck a look . ethan whatever nekhorvich be carry Sean want and he want to conceal the fact that he take it . swanbeck enough to kill nekhorvich and two hundred innocent passenger ? ethan smile . ethan Sean feel he have not do the job unless he leave a lot of hat on the ground . swanbeck the question be why ? what be this chimera nekhorvich be carry ? ethan rise and move to the window . ethan right now only ambrose know that . swanbeck in any case , you have get to recover chimera and bring it to we . ethan in order to do that , I have get to figure out how he plan to make money with it . swanbeck - right . in fact since the plane go down we banking source have confirm a mark increase in the stock pilling of cash in terrorist account . ethan ' terrorist ? ' swanbeck well you know nekhorvich 's history . you be the one who get he out of the Soviet Union be it still in bio - weapon business . ethan if that 's what you be think ambrose would have set up a bid situation with any number of buyer before he get on the plane . locate he in time to stop something like that - swanbeck - be where miss Hall come in . ethan ( blindside ) Excuse I ? swanbeck miss Hall and ambrose have a relationship which he take very seriously . she walk away and he 's want she back ever since . we believe she 's we surest and quick way of location he . ethan ( acidly ) and then what ? swanbeck then make sure she continue to see he . get he confide in she and report to you . ethan you make it sound as if I be recruiting she for she skill as a thief . swanbeck well , then I mislead you . or you make the wrong assumption . either way we be ask she to resume a prior relationship , not do anything she have not already do . ethan she 's get no training for this kind of thing . swanbeck go to bed with a man and lie to he ? she 's a woman . she 's get all the training she need . ethan 's anger flash but do he best to contain it . ethan I do not think I can get she to do it . swanbeck you mean it will be difficult . ethan very . swanbeck well it 's not mission < i>difficult , < / i > hunt . it 's mission < i>impossible . </ i> difficult should be a walk in the park for you . if you can think of a quick way to get to ambrose , you be welcome to try . oh , by the way , you might want to take a look at this .. if you have any further qualm about get she to do the job . he pull out a little minolta digital camera ( identical to the one in nekhorvich 's bag at airport security ) . swanbeck set it on the table . ethan pick it up the tiny camera and put it to he eye . ext - bar ( night ) a grim ethan , star fixedly ahead of he emerge to a ever more lively crowd . as he do : STREET vendor senor , senor ! you flower . the vendor hold up the spring bouquet . ethan seem genuinely surprised by they . ethan yes . they be very nice .. and he 's lose in the crowd , leave a very puzzle vendor hold the bouquet . still of crash site in rockies ( thru minolta still camera ) one after the other flash by . they be more evocative than specific in they suggestion of a abrupt , fiery , end , where the life of hundred be literally and figuratively tear apart and strewn over a desolate landscape . nyah carefully place the little minolta on a glass - top coffee table . she 's beautifully pull together , the safehouse have the light low , flamenco music play , and when she walk out onto the balcony ethan see the candlelit table and a bottle of champagne chill . there 's a light breeze the fire from the burn effigy throw smoke and flame all over the city . nyah what 's the population of Seville any idea ? ethan five , six - hundred thousand . nyah there 's nearly 2 million in London . ethan and six billion in the world . nyah that 's lot of people out there ..how many of they , I wonder , be capable of something like that ? ethan Sean ambrose , for one . a long shocked moment . nyah laugh . nyah right ... int - safehouse ( eve - later ) the pound beat of the flamenco music seem to fill the room nyah 's back to ethan : nyah ( grimly amused ) not that it matter much but .. I seem to recall you stay something like , ' I be hope we could work together . ' ethan this be not what I have in mind , nyah . nyah but it be what you would like I to do . so tell I to do it .. she approach ethan . they be inch apart . nyah ( cont would ) come on , out with it . tell I to go and insinuate myself back into Sean 's life . ethan go and insinuate yourself back into Sean 's life . nyah I would like a little more conviction .. ethan so would I . but it 's not mine to give . nyah ( archness there ) you have either get it or you do not . let you conscience be you guide ? ethan something like that . with a smile and a wink . nyah but I do not have a conscience . I be a bloody thief . ethan you can be a thief and have a conscience . nyah no . you can be a thief and have a conscience : not I . why do you have to tell I about this ! ( pour herself a drink ) what do I have to do to get away from this guy ? when you be with he , he mess about with you head every waking moment .. even now I will be at some out - of - the-way -place , a tin of caviar and a bottle of Crystal show up at the table , with two glass , God know how he find out at any give moment where I be in the world but he do . and it look like he 's do it again . you know he definition of a true paranoid ? ethan I do not . nyah someone in possession of all the fact . ( she turn away , pause ) be you tell I I have to do this ? ethan generally , I do not favor coerce someone . not when there 's a chance my life could end up in they hand . nyah and that 's the only reason ? ethan can you think of a better one ? nyah not I . I be just hope you might ..or that .. somehow in the course of business this get personal as well as physical . ethan look , would it make you feel better if I do not want you to do this ? nyah much . ethan then feel better !.. Long moment while she look at he . ethan ( cont would ) well . that make all the difference in the world , do not it ? ethan walk out onto the balcony . she look at he back . nyah Sean will never be anything but suspicious if he pick up some sort of ' yoo- hoo - I be - not - nad ' message . not after the way we break up . ethan what would not make he suspicious ? nyah probably that I need he in some urgent way .. destitute - in serious trouble .. the kind I could not possible sort out myself .. ethan 's be smile slightly . ethan serious trouble , nyah , be something I can always arrange .. nyah in a spanish jail stand for front and side mug shot . o.s. sound of teletype continue . superimpose : ethan hold up something the size of a dime : ethan this little chip send a code signal that can be pick up only by we computer . on the screen of the gps computer , a little yellow blip appear pulsate on the screen . ethan's voice when it 's in you ankle we can track you within three foot of anywhere in the world . over ethan and onto computer screen he type a small interpol bulletin state that nyah nordoff Hall , apprehend March 13 in Seville , be await extradition while the authority in London , Paris , and Amsterdam squabble over where she 's go to be try first , for the various thefts and burglary she 's commit in the three city . computer screen ( ambrose tent annex - day ) ambrose pick up on a version of the interpol bulletin ethan 's put out . he lean over the screen for a moment , then move to the window , and stare out thoughtful at the bay , almost as if he be watch ... ext - nyah in jail courtyard from a beautiful blue sky , pan down to the courtyard of the jail where nyah be allow out for a airing , seemingly alone but be watch by : ethan and computer screen his attention fix on the screen , ethan stare at satellite shot of nyah in the jail courtyard . int - prison - nyah be allow a phone call , a prison guard visible b.g. Cross cut with ethan . ethan look , I can not run you arrest in CNN , but I guarantee he 's monitoring every law enforcement agency in the world , for what they might be say about he , if nothing else - he 's get the ability and , we assume , the desire to get you out of there . nyah this do not seem to be accomplish much . ethan well , I mean it 's not a total loss . it be keep a very capable thief off the street .. nyah very funny .. maybe he have hear and do not want to know . maybe he 's lose interest . her guard , b.g. be hand a note . guard ( to nyah ) you lawyer to see you . nyah what lawyer ? ethan and computer screen ethan well , here we go . sector : australia , move into new south wale , and then to : Sydney . here ethan pull up name , photo and profile of potential candidate . they scroll past , one face morph into another . ethan punch in on william A. baird . expertise : qualified in virtually every mode of transport , land , sea , air . ordinance : small arm and automatic weapon authority , edge and impact weapon . procurement : resourceful . explosive : precision detonation , diffusion . ethan punch : < i> request immediate availability . </ i> ext - government build - seville ( day ) nyah emerge from the entrance to the jail . ethan stop and look for something in you purse .. kneel down .. she do . they be effectively block from the street . nyah limo 's wait . ethan hand she a key chain with what appear to be a car-key . ethan - ambrose will have counter - surveillance second to no one 's . when and if he contact you , push this button before you actually end up under he roof it will scramble you transmission to we . she take the key chain . her hand be shaking . nyah when will you be there ? ethan before you be . nyah how can you possibly ? I have get to get right on the plane . I be leave now . ethan you do not trust I . nyah oh , I do . but as we know I be a very poor judge of character . ethan he 's get you on qantas flight 2735 . it 's go to be delay . nyah yes ? ethan you will be fine . I be go to lose you . nyah ethan , you take care of yourself , I will take care of myself because if push come to shove , I be gonna bail - and without give two week notice . ethan well , forewarn be forearm . and while we be at it , be especially sensitive to any sudden change in ambrose 's plan , especially any involve you .. they rise . a quick squeeze of she hand and he 's go . a look of something like long replace the toughness as she gaze after he , then start across the street toward the limo and driver . MI music theme kick in and continue over : Pov helicopter ( moving - sydney - day ) over the Harbor Bridge , sail dotting the bay like confetti . ext - farm ( day ) pan of sheep be bleat and look for sort of cover in response to the sound of a helicopter touch down . ext - copter ( day ) billy and luther emerge , luther with computer look acutely uncomfortable in a wrinkle suit . ethan's voice welcome to Australia , mate . they look up to a smile ethan who point to the ground beneath luther 's foot . luther look down to see that he be stand in a pile of sheep - shit . luther thanks - mate . both man laugh and all three move to : int - farmhouse ( day ) luther and billy with ethan set up they operation . there 's a blip on one of the screen . luther it 's the transponder . ethan put in the coordinate and let 's get a visual . the visual be not come up . luther the satellite do not work as fast as I do . billy yeah , I have hear about you , luther , and I just want to tell you it 's a honor and a pleasure to be work with you bloke , whoaa ! that 's some transponder ! as billy speak , the visual come on line and nyah have become visible . luther ( a jaundice eye , to ethan ) it certainly be . how do we get so lucky ? ethan pointedly ignore the question . Pov - moving ( palm beach - day ) round the tip of the bay 's crescent , revealing the beach and dock at ambrose 's palm - line residence . nyah the speedboat 's engine 's be cut . nyah look momentarily stricken . Pov nyah ( moving ) a lone slender figure silhouett at the end of the dock , still as the pile besides which it stand . but the feature remain obscure by the sun at he back . ethan lean forward as the slender figure grow larger , billy ( to ethan ) be it he , then ? Pov - moving the tide be too low for the boat to dock , make it necessary for he boat to approach the shore . the slender figure move off the end of the dock and onto the beach . the cigarette idle into shadow water but the prop start chew into the sand - the boatman grumble he can not get any closer . the slender figure have move to the shoreline and the angle of the light change - ambrose be wait . nyah hesitates only a flicker of a instant , slip over the side into thigh -high water without take she eye off ambrose . ambrose stride right on into the bay . as they be just a arm 's length apart : nyah take a deep breath , press the button to scramble the transponder . with ethan ( int . sheepfarm safehouse ) the picture abruptly go dead . billy damn . just when it be about to get interesting . ethan it 's okay . she scramble the transmission . luther , continue feed the gps she position . luther punch in . the signal - and the global coordinate be give . they wait . int - space the satellite position itself . with the three ethan can not we speed this up . luther shoot he a disgust look . luther with what ? this be the only computer that will do this . the signal and photo start to bounce back , grow larger and larger on the screen , until : nyah can be see , water up to she thigh , linger in ambrose 's arm with each blow - up , and linger . and linger . billy - right . now there 's a bloke who know how to deliver a proper welcome . do not get I wrong , mate . you be quite hospitable . be it he , then ? ethan 's look suggest he 's worried about lapse in recruiting judgment . luther it be , billy . billy then we get them ! ethan we do not know what we have get because we do not know what he 's get , where he 's get it or what he 's do in Sydney with it . ethan stride away from the screen , the edge in he voice and the move not altogether lose on either luther or billy . int - the BAY ( ext . palm beach - day ) perfectly poise , still loosely in he arm , nyah return ambrose 's penetrate gaze with a pleasant , clear eye one . ambrose not much luggage . nyah I leave in a bit of a hurry . I be terribly grateful , Sean . ambrose how grateful ? nyah well that depend . ambrose on what . nyah how hard you have to work to get I out of there ..how in the world do you ever find I ? ambrose ( stop ) how I usually find you , nyah . nyah how do you that . ambrose Magic ... nyah ahh .. Pov thru tent annex window ( ambrose compound ) look down the length of the dock . ambrose , he arm around nyah and carry she suitcase , move up the dock toward the house and camera . stamp step into the annex and look over to wallis , who watch nyah on the monitor . wallis no fly on she . ( check she on a scanner screen ) no bug either . she 's clean . stamp ( drily ) all cat be . int - ethan - safehouse ( sheep farm - day ) ethan watch the nekhorvich video on the computer screen . nekhorvich ... therefore in a search for we hero , bellerophon , we create a monster , chimera . ethan then flip through a series of picture on the computer depict the myth of bellerophon attack chimera . billy move up behind he . billy what you get there , mate ? ethan a myth .. just a myth ... should not you be check out they countersurveillance ? billy well you know he bloke will place the oscor in he annex , where else if you be pinpoint transmitter , video signal , covert chip camera , anything radiating , oscillate .. ethan ..or hard wire .. billy ( please ) - or hard wire , right . first line of perimeter defence will run from the back of the dock to the front of the house . whatever move burp or bleep be gonna be pick up to a height of twenty foot . basically impenetrable , I would say . luther ethan , here 's nekhorvich , and here 's he boss luther scan a entry from the imf database with newspaper clipping , sidebar of still of mccloy and nekhorvich . luther ( cont would ) mccloy , jon chaddick , ceo biocyte pharmaceutical ..d.o.b. September 30 , 1952 , Manchester , England . billy ( a little lose ) well do you disagree with that ? ethan not at all . but how about go into town and confirm you intuition on site ? billy oh well , if that 's how you feel about it . billy leave . luther ..then Cambridge .. Harvard ..entrepreneurial effort .. in effort .. in 1989 , acquire biocyte in hostile takeover .. as luther transfer info to ethan 's computer : luther ( cont would ) ethan , have a look at this . on ethan 's screen appear the biocyte website ; where among he various icon one offer mccloy 's proud detail of biocyte 's philanthropic effort : mccloy's voice we at out state - of - the- art solar power biocyte building recognize that eternal vigilance be the price of health .. whether it 's funding the teach center at the Royal Prince Edward Hospital , remove aerosol product from the marker or brave the influenza quarantine at bruny island late last month .. at biocyte you life .. be we life 's work .. ethan ( quietly ) .. biocyte worker at bruny Island . int - ambrose's ( day ) they have reach the head of the stair . ambrose open a door . it 's a large bedroom open onto a veranda with a view of the tent annex and the beach , and a very large bed . nyah you room . ambrose ( yes ) mmmm . nyah and my room ? a long moment . ambrose walk to a mirrore wall . the mirror be slide door . with a sweeping gesture , he slide one of the mirror back and reveal a wardrobe of beautiful designer clothes . ambrose think you could use a little something to wear . nyah stare at the spectacular wardrobe . ambrose pull out a slinky armani and drape it on the bed . ambrose ( cont would ) try it on .. nyah hesitates . ambrose ( cont would ) go ahead . I be die to see if I remember you size .. nyah pick it up . nyah no change room ? ambrose sit on a chair by the window and wait . her blouse , belt , skirt , fall on the bed . as she slender arm reach down to pick up the armani : ambrose grip she wrist , the flimsy armani dangle in the air . close - nyah meeting ambrose 's look . nyah you be not interested in see how it look . ambrose oh , I am. later .. the armani fall in a fragile heap on the floor . close - ethan ( dusk ) stand off to one side , listen to nekhorvich 's voice . nekhorvich .. therefore in a search for we hero , bellerophon , we create a monster , chimera . luther why 's nekhorvich go on about a old Greek myth ? ethan nekhorvich specialize in recombine DNA molecule . in the myth , bellerophon kill chimera , a recombinant monster with the head of a lion and the tail of a serpent who plague the ancient world . I think nekhorvich have create a monster virus in chimera and apparently the mean to kill it in bellerophon . luther that simple , huh ? ethan why not ? close - nyah ( int . ambrose bedroom - dusk ) lie back on a pillow , look and off into space to right off camera . she hear ambrose 's voice , with ethan 's voice ambrose's voice / ethan's voice damn , you be beautiful .. nyah react as if she would be rapped on the nose , she eye moist . she turn abruptly to camera . nyah do you say something ? ambrose lean on a elbow , look down . ambrose I say you be beautiful , nyah . nyah only because .. it 's spring .. chalk it up ( look he dead in the eye ) - to spring fever . ambrose , amused , light a cigarette and inhale : ambrose wo not do , love . it 's not spring . it 's nearly autumn .. you be in oz. everything 's upside down and backwards here . nyah ( more direct ) maybe that 's it , then . everything 's upside down and backwards ... close - ethan ( sheep farm safehouse - dusk ) ethan luther ..get we everything you can on the outbreak of influenza on bruny Island last month , include photo of the victim . luther right . I guess there be not many flu epidemics in the middle of summer . luther resume work on he computer and see ethan be lock on ambrose 's compound on he computer screen , think of nyah . luther ( cont would ) she do it , ethan . nyah 's in the compound . ethan yeah ? I have just roll up a snowball and toss it into hell . ethan stand . outside the sheep farm safehouse a brood ethan exit the sheep farm safehouse under a set sun . ethan's voice now we will see what chance it have . ethan stop , look out over the break plain . his voice be hear overlap into the next scene . ethan's voice ( cont would ) ( softly ) damn , you be beautiful . close - nyah ( night ) lie in bed , obviously hearing ethan 's voice again , and feel very much alone . she stare out into the night , a gaze that in its bemuse intensity be a exact match to ethan 's . fade : close - photo - hong kong time ( int . ambrose study - early dawn ) its front page , except for the headline and date , cover with stack of paper money , band bundle dollar pile high as a cord of wood . the amount $ 24 million be write in ink over the money . ambrose twenty -four mile .. ambrose 's hand shift to another photo of another newspaper , the london time , this one pile high with English pound and the write amount : 37 million pound . ambrose's voice thirty -seven million pound . that 's a promise bid . the third photo be of the afternoon aruban , with $ 14 million package on it . ambrose , wear a robe and seat at a glass - top table , set this last photo on the table on top the other . he pick up nekhorvich 's digital camera , remove the film disk , and snap it into its plastic case . he place the case into a envelope ( note : the same envelope see at the track ) and hand it to stamp . ambrose we will need this at the track . well then . sorted . stamp be seat near he . glance toward ambrose 's bedroom and nyah asleep in ambrose 's bed . stamp ( pointedly ) not everything . why do you think she 's really here ? ambrose from she point of view or mine ? stamp be not exactly gag for it when she leave you six month ago .. the question be , do you trust she ? as he speak , ambrose pull a cigar case and a cutter out of he robe . take a cigar out of the case and clip the end of the cigar ; the razor - sharp cutter decapitate the tip of the cigar like a guillotine . ambrose one consider she timing , of course - get nick within a week of the plane go down . suggestive , even borderline suspicious , but hardly conclusive . stamp well , you have thorough about it , at any rate . ambrose open the cutter again to clean off the fragment of tobacco trap by the cut . ambrose tell I , Hugh . you do not exactly hang on nyah 's every word and gesture , do you ? fairly ratty nail , that . Sean touch the nail of stamp 's leave pinkie finger . stamp react by slightly withdraw he hand . stamp Sean .. with he leave hand ambrose grab stamp 's leave wrist . ambrose you be not scrutinize any casual shrug for some hair - split nuance , be you ? stamp Sean , please .. Sean pull stamp 's hand closer . ambrose suppose she be some sort of trojan horse send in by imf to spy in we , why should I deny myself the pleasure of a ride or two ? or do not you think I can learn more from she than she can from I ? ambrose twist stamp 's wrist so that stamp drop to one knee try to alleviate the pain . stamp ( in pain ) I do !.. ambrose lean in close to stamp 's face as he place the cutter around stamp 's pinkie . ambrose now Hugh , you must realize that some of we have the burden of sex to deal with .. and my dear chap . I may or may not know why she think she 's here , but I be willing to take the risk , because Hugh , I be gaging for it .. ambrose close the cutter on stamp 's finger and cut the nail , just nick the top of the finger and draw blood . stamp cry out . ambrose toss stamp a napkin , light he cigar and exhale . ambrose ( cont would ) do not ever question my judgment again . dissolve : empty frame ( ext . randwick race track - day ) with no sound , the back stretch a unrecognizable blur until horse at high speed burst into the frame bring with they the sight and sound of they great nostril snort and gasp for jostling and go to the whip , the sound of the crowd overwhelming all but the announcer 's voice carry everyone around the far turn and into the home stretch with a ringing , control frenzy . ext - private bleacher ( day ) nyah and ambrose rise as the horse cross the finish . ambrose ( surprised ) you win . nyah ( look at she ticket ) I suppose I do . ambrose what make you pick < i>that < / i > nag ? she would never win a bloody thing . nyah ' thief in the night ? ' ambrose say no more . I be off to grab a drink . still favor bellinis ? she smile , a little shakily . ambrose leave . a voice naturally vain .. it 's billy pass behind she . nyah pardon I ? billy ' naturally vain . ' in the fourth . check she out . she 's due . billy hand she a chest sheet and move on . she open it to the fourth race . tape onto ' naturally vain ' be a small plastic piece with the note . she regards the note , place the plastic piece in she ear . ethan's voice you can speak as if I be right by you side . nyah ( pick up binocular ) where be you ? ethan's voice at the mount enclosure , just off the track at two o'clock . thru binoculars - nyah be Pov - moving through the crowd onto the track over to the pre-post paddock where a animated gaggle of owner , heavy batter and investerace tout surround it . only ethan be stock still - and look up at nyah . close - nyah a swift intake of breath as she see he . ethan how 's it go ? everything okay ? nyah just like old time . ethan just like old time ? nyah just about .. she appear to be the picture of unruffled sing -froid . ethan tell I who you have run into at ambrose 's . ethan's Pov ( thru glass ) move from nyah to the champagne bar just behind where ambrose be see greeting someone in the crowd and they sit at a corner table in front of the window overlook the track . nyah ( a breath , then : ) near as I can tell , there 's at least a half - dozen other bloke about the place . maybe more . Hugh stamp , a old mate of Sean 's , be the only one I recognize , bit of a creep and then some .. Pov ethan stamp , stand a pillar , he finger bandage , look glum and look down at nyah . ethan we know he . he 's over you leave shoulder , look right at you as you go on .. nyah - Michael , he driver 's a aussie , new to I . then there 's the bloke in the annex at the back of the house . ethan have you meet they ? nyah annex be strictly off limit to I and they never come to the main house , Michael even take they meal to they all but shove they under the door . ethan ( look into Champagne bar ) I have no doubt . ethan's Pov monocular video range finder of ambrose sit with someone whose face be obscure from he angle by bar patron . billy be also look . Pov range finder billy and from he point of view it can be see that ambrose be talk with John mccloy , the head biocyte . ambrose take a envelope out of he inner leave jacket pocket and from it pull out a small plastic container mark ' s.g . ' ( identical to the object first see in nekhorvich 's satchel at airport security . ) he open it and remove a small shiny object about the size of a quarter . he turn to the window and gesture . stamp enter the bar . billy ambrose be meeting some bloke in the bar . Big bloke , ginger hair . they be into something . ethan's Pov ethan I will be damned . it 's mccloy , the biocyte ceo . luther nekhorvich 's boss ? ethan yep . nyah ambrose have photograph of newspaper with load of money pile on they -- thirty - seven million on the London Times . what 's that about ? ethan bid from possible chimera buyer -- to prove that as of the date on the newspaper that bid be back up by earnest money -- int - van - luther be monitoring both camera . all see ambrose give the little wafer - like object to stamp who place it in a small camera , hand it back to ambrose and exit , wait just outside the glass door . ambrose hand the camera to mccloy who look puzzle . luther look like ambrose be show mccloy how to use a digital camera .. mccloy put it to he eye , fumble , then with ambrose 's direction : ethan whatever mccloy 's look at , he 's not happy about . mccloy put the camera down . the two man have word . mccloy shakily leave the table . ambrose open the camera . luther ambrose just pull the memory card out of the digital camera and put it into a envelope , put it in he inner leave jacket pocket ... ethan Left jacket pocket ? luther Roger that . ethan confirm . Left jacket pocket . luther Left jacket pocket confirm . ethan by the mounting enclosure ethan nyah , ambrose be head back . there 's a envelop inside -- nyah -- he leave jacket pocket . ethan affirmative . ambrose pass by stamp on he way back , hand he the camera . nyah ( after a brief pause ) where do I meet you ? ethan betting table twelve off the paddock . nyah , be you up to this ? nyah I will muddle through . wide angle - bleacher ( day ) ambrose arrive with a pair of drink . nyah rise . ambrose see anything you like ? nyah yeah . naturally vain -- but they be about to close the betting table and I have not a sou .. while ambrose be still juggling the drink , nyah reach into he trouser pocket , and rummages around . ambrose ( laugh ) nyah ! ethan billy , make sure nyah 's not follow . billy no worry , mate . she pull out a fifty - dollar note . nyah would you mind terribly ? ambrose ( cont would ) ( amused and turn on ) - not at all . but you will pay for that and with interest .. nyah I have no doubt .. she head up the stair . ambrose ( reach into he pocket for money ) hold on . ambrose grab she arm , and she almost drop the envelope she 's just lift . ( note : it be important not to see she actually lift it ) . she 's hold it , pin between she right arm and side . as it 's slip , she note stamp above she , look down and have to conceal what she 's hold from he as well : ambrose ( cont would ) put down a couple of hundred for . nyah to win ? ambrose what else ? she take it and as she do the envelope fall , but she manage to catch it with she leave hand , block the move with she body as she do . wider angle - nyah move along the aisle . ethan's voice luther , smallest digital you get . ready to transmit . betting table twelve . ext - van ( day ) designate as new south wale deliveries , ' anytime , anywhere . ' luther burst out of the van , carry the tiny camera and begin to thread he way through car and foot traffic . billy in dramatic contrast amble at a conspicuously leisurely pace . nyah pass stamp , not see he stand just a row above , block from she by one of the pillar . stamp idly regards she and then decide : he follow . luther perspire , approach the betting table through the last of the park car . stamp approach the door through which nyah have go and start to open it - only to have the door slam in he face and on he bandage finger by billy , in a track usher 's uniform . billy ( very solicitous ) sorry about that , mate , that must have really - aggrhh !.. even as stamp wince in pain he arm have shot out and billy find himself pin to the wall gasp for air . if he would be weld there by a band of steal he would have more room to maneuver . stamp say again ? billy aggrhh -aggrhh -aggrhh ... stamp whatever you be about in future , watch you step . never know who you might run into ... stamp look around , nyah 's nowhere in sight . he 's lose she . see he hand 's bleed and let billy go , who nearly drop to the floor . stamp where 's the loo then ? billy ( point up ) - aggrhh -aggrhh - aggrhh ... stamp head up the men' room . billy ( croaking it out ) ... shake he head , feel lucky to escape with he life . ext - paddock - betting table twelve nyah into shot . stands in line . she look around . ethan's voice how would you do ? do not turn around . nyah turn and look ethan dead in the eye . nyah I manage . ethan you notice . what be you go to do ? spank I ? she slip ethan the envelope . ethan himself return the look , hold it in spite of : billy voice stamp 's out of the loo . luther arrive , with the camera , open for ethan . nyah turn away . ethan pull out the tiny memory card , slip it in the camera . ethan ( cont 'd ) ( look into camera ) this be go to take a couple of minute .. luther be racing back to the van . luther there in twenty , ethan .. nyah and ethan ( in line ) edge toward the window . billy voice stamp 's a little shaky , but head you way , mate . ethan copy that . ( to nyah ) who do you like ? in the race ? nyah ( nervous , she 's hear billy too ) what race be we talk about ? int - van ( day ) a sweaty luther : luther I be boot up . go , ethan . billy voice he 's head down the stair , now .. ethan place the digital camera on play and begin to go through the still . as they cliff off , ethan be visibly affect . luther in the van watch the still as well . he 's no less affect . ethan with nyah he mutter some expletive under he breath , then , evenly : ethan I want you out of ambrose 's place . billy voice he 's one tier from the bottom . ethan glance over to the bottom of the stair . nyah what be you talk about ? as he lower camera and remove the memory card . ethan I want < i> you out of there . </ i> nyah why ? what 's happen . what do you see ? billy thirty step .. slip card back into envelope . ethan nyah , you have do more than enough . even the best of snake charmer get bit . nyah ethan , tell I - billy voice twenty , nineteen .. ethan 's be talk to someone he 's be urging to walk , not run to the nearest exit . now he drop all pretence : ethan I want you out of Australia ! ( more quickly ) .. I do not know how much more plainly I can put it . nyah how do you suggest I go about it ? ethan he 's touch you heart . you be overwhelm . you need to think it over . you will meet he somewhere in a month . if you be not out in 48 hour I be come in and get you out . give I the ear piece . she just get it out of she hear and give it to ethan when she reach the bookie who warn she to get down she bet . she give he she money and get the ticket just as the buzzer go off - no more bet . fluster by it she pick up she ticket but drop the envelope . she quickly kneel and scramble to recover it , tucking it away and look up - to see stamp stand over she . almost exactly where ethan have stand when she look away . nyah try not to register alarm while she gauge how much stamp have see . stamp get you bet down ? nyah just .. she rise . stamp wait only a moment then follow . at the private bleacher ( day ) everyone 's on they foot , the horse be in the backstretch . ambrose be watch the race through binocular . nyah come up behind and put she arm around he . with she leave hand she put the envelope into he right jacket pocket . ambrose you nag be make a run for it on the outside ! ( lowering binocular ) bloody hell , nyah ! she 's momentarily startle . then : ambrose ( cont 'd ) you pick another winner ! nyah well , that 's good , be not ? a blow up ( int . sheep farm imf safehouse - day ) of a shot from a digital camera card . ethan's voice Dr. segi gradski , nekhorvich 's colleague and lifelong friend .. the photo be code with the data in the lower leave hand corner , 01.27.99 , the time in the right , 10:02:56 a.m. burn into the photo be ' 20 hour , 03 minute after exposure . ' ethan paunch in . ethan's voice ( cont would ) twenty hour and three minute after exposure . ( sotto voce ) twenty hour . ethan do not say anything for a moment , then go on to the next photo on the card : ' 25 hour , 40 minute after exposure . ' it 's gradski again . gradski 's eye be darkly circle , he skull look mottle . ethan six hour later . another photo : ' 31 hour , 30 minute after exposure . ' gradski 's bleed from nose , mouth and ear , the skin eruption be pervasive , he body a open wound . ethan ( cont would ) six more hour . the next photo . ' 34 hour , 25 minute after exposure . ' gradski 's body at rest . ethan ( cont would ) Three hour after that , gradski be dead .. luther here 's a victim from the bruny Island outbreak . the victim 's face show a devastation undeniably like gradski 's . a long , long moment as ethan , luther , and billy sit in silence . billy oh , happy day . ethan look again at the first photo of gradski . ethan nekhorvich say ' however we travel , I must arrive at my destination within 20 hour hour of departure . ' close - nyah ( ext . ambrose veranda - late afternoon ) nyah be on the balcony . ambrose enter with two glass of champagne . ambrose to Australia . it 's make so many convict feel at home . here 's hope it do the same for you .. he laugh . she do not . nyah Sean , there 's something I have be meaning to talk to you about ... be not go to be easy for I to say . ambrose ( jocular ) then do not say it . nyah I do not know what to do about you , Sean . I be more than a bit muddle . I need time . ambrose to do what ? nyah sort it all out . ambrose and you be go to have time . there 's be a change of plan . nyah a change of plan ? ambrose yes . we will not be able to have dinner tonight . something 's come up . I hope you do not mind . nyah oh , no , not at all . maybe just a bit . ambrose ulrich will be about . he will look after you . nyah Lovely . int - ambrose study ( late afternoon ) ambrose enter , slip off he jacket and hang it over a chair . he walk to a desk and bring up a computer the biocyte website and mccloy infomercial . stamp note that ambrose be on the computer and move to the desk . stamp I think you be go to dinner . ambrose ( pull up something on the computer ) Hugh , take care of the nekhorvich memory card . stamp where be it ? ambrose in the envelope in my pocket . my right .. jacket..pocket .. stamp lean over and pull out the envelope . as he do he see ambrose have pull up and start to play mccloy 's informercial . ambrose ( cont would ) ( calmly ) we have get a opportunity here . I be not go to miss it .. camera card photo ( int . sheep farm - ethan &amp ; crew ) a microscopic view of myriad of ugly green spiky object amid explode red one .. ethan chimera attack human blood .. one more shot . a lavender stain group of spiky object amid explode the green one . ethan ( cont would ) bellerophon attack chimera .. on a adjacent screen be a freeze frame of mccloy look through the digital camera at the racetrack . billy ambrose obviously get this from nekhorvich on the plane . luther what manic invent disease like that in the first place ? why would he do it ? ethan I do not know , but nekhorvich be not a manic . get I a twenty on nyah . luther she must still be on the property . ethan I tell she to get outta there . ext - limo ( eve ) mccloy get in the rear of the limo and light up a cigar . the limo take off . another car pull out and tag along behind the limo . int - other car ( moving ) Michael at the wheel . int - limo - moving ( eve ) mccloy do not like the taste of the cigar , go to toss it out but the electronic window button do not work . he notice the evening paper partially open on the seat . his name leap out . he open the paper the headline announce that John c. mccloy , ceo of biocyte , Inc. , one of the world 's lead pharmaceutical company , have die of a straight and terrible strain of influenza shock , mccloy drop the paper , call out : mccloy George . George . George . the drover do not turn around . mccloy can not believe it . he bang on chauffeur window . the driver turn on the air conditioning in the rear of the limo . mccloy clutches he throat and pass out . mccloy ( int . icu unit - night ) regains consciousness . he 's get tube come out of every orifice and be contain in the equivalent of a plastic bubble . drenched in perspiration and he look around for a call button . he grip the side of the bed . mccloy bloody room..just .. shut you eye , shut you eye . he can not resist . open they to look up through the plastic to see : nekhorvich a shimmer blur come in and out of focus . mccloy ( cont would ) I will be buggere !.. what 's this then ? nekhorvich a visit from a old friend . mccloy what 's happen here ? you be dead ! nekhorvich fatigue , certainly . but dead be a little extreme . on the other hand , when I dear gradski have you pulse and blood pressure he have less than ten hour to live . mccloy ( confuse ) it be in the bloody papers , on the telly .. what 's this about gradski ? nekhorvich you be infect with < i> chimera , < / i > my friend . int - ambrose bedroom ( night ) nyah be on the phone . nyah International , please . I would like to make a reservation on the next available flight tonight . operator where to ? nyah where be next available flight go ? the operator answer . nyah Fine . I will take it . she hang up , go to the door . the house be eerily silent . Pov - stairwell ( night ) a play of shadow , the sound of the kitchen fridge . close - nyah move softly downstairs &amp ; hesitates at bottom , glance about . nyah ulrich ?.. ulrich !... silence . she go into the kitchen . no one . she go out the door . over nyah's shoulder - moving ( ext . sydney - night ) run pell - mell down to the shore . stop . look outside the small skiff moor at the end of the dock . it 's dark and she decide to chance it . she move onto the pier , try to glide by the boathouse . a figure dart out and grab she . she try to scream but can not . the figure whip she around and she see : ethan easy , easy , easy , shhh ! nyah oh ethan !.. she throw she arm around he . ethan be you okay ? nyah I be now . get I out of here . just get I out of here . ethan it 's go to be okay . he hold she . int - hospital room mccloy 's strapped down , but manage to reach the call button and push it . again and again . nekhorvich no use , my friend . the medical staff want no part of this . doctor do not fancy the idea of die any more than anybody else . mccloy stare at nekhorvich for a long moment . mccloy how could I < i>possibly < / i > be infect ? nekhorvich shrug . nekhorvich that 's exactly what gradski say - 27 hour before he die . with < i> chimera , < / i > the most minute exposure can be fatal . mccloy again look at he vital sign on the monitor . he grip the edge of the hospital bed . nekhorvich but then you should not be feel to ill . not for another three of four hour anyway . mccloy break a fresh sweat in a sudden spasm of anxiety . mccloy you have bellerophon . nekhorvich ( mildly ) do I ? mccloy you take it ! all of it ! and what if I need it ? nekhorvich ( amused ) ' if ? ' my , my , my ... the five hundred people on bruny Island that you deliberately infect with < i> chimera < / i> need it as well . mccloy oh , please ! how be I to know they have to be treat with bellerophon within twenty hour ? nekhorvich by ask I . mccloy you still do not get it , do you ? you want to make a omelet , you break a few egg - < i> I need to know just how bad the disease be < / i> - in the real world , not the lab . and you never know till you try . you think you be genetically splicing together strain of influenza to create a cure for all influenzas . but I see you create a disease so terrible in < i> chimera < / i> that the cure would be priceless . nekhorvich you want the disease in order to pedal the cure . mccloy well , the think have occur to I . I need chimera in order to pedal bellerophon . for hero to be appreciate , you need a monster . now that 's not so difficult to understand , be it ? look , time be a shot of penicillin could knock off every bloody bug in the zoo ! not anymore !.. have you any idea the r&amp ; D money it take to float one little pissy boutique antibiotic that 's barely effective against one strain of one bacterium ? if I could not make money kill the microscopic little shit that be out there , you would help I put one out there I can make on !.. there it be . I have confess . I , John c. mccloy , be in business to make money . lilly 's make billion feed prozac to depressed dog . pfizer do not even know where to put the money they be make on viagra , and let I tell you that shit do not do a thing for I even at twice the recommend dose , Jesus , who do I have to screw to get a a break !.. now get I out of here , get I treat and let 's go back to work !.. nekhorvich you know , I think it 's a little late for that . do give my regards to gradski if you see he . int - hallway ( outside mccloy's room ) nekhorvich heave a sigh and rip off a latex mask , and the vocal oscillator , revealing a exhaust ethan . angle widen to include luther and billy in hospital green . luther and billy nod in disgust assent . ext - annex ( night ) nyah hold tight in she embrace with ethan . nyah ethan , you know what frighten I most when I be with he ?.. the think of never see you .. how be we get out of here ? ethan nyah , it 's very important not do anything to alarm ambrose .. nyah what ? you tell I to get out of here . I think you be here to collect I . I be so relieved . ethan ( with grow urgency ) no time to explain . you have do well , and we be so close . so close . it 's critical that you do whatever ambrose ask . do not worry - it will be over soon .. that 's a promise .. come on , now off you go ! he give she a affectionate smile and she reluctantly head back to the house , she expression troubled , even suspicious . int - hallway ( outside mccloy's room ) have just take off the mask , ethan stand with luther and billy . luther ( disgust by what he 's hear ) so ambrose have bellerophon and mccloy 's get chimera . billy there guy be walk around with different halve of the same dollar bill ? ethan ambrose get bellerophon from nekhorvich on the plane , but he do not get the chimera virus . luther yeah . why else would he come back to Australia ? if he have they both , he could sell they anywhere . ethan I kill chimera at biocyte and he 's sit on a cure without a disease . luther you have get the voice print , I will get we in .. ext - ambrose house ( night ) ethan enter and tear off he mask , revealing ambrose fill with implacable rage . he look up to see stamp who 's be obviously wait for he . tearing the voice oscillator . lean with both hand on a counter - surveillance monitor table he stare at the floor , he face rictus of hateful intensity . stamp you be right . hunt stung mccloy tonight . he know . they will be go into biocyte ... ambrose look up slowly to stamp who 's be stand by . ambrose good .. then we go where he will be , do not we ? well do , Hugh . well do . chauffeur window ( int . limo - eve ) be rapped on by the driver . mccloy wake with a start . the window 's lower -- billy 's in livery . billy you be home , guv 'ner . Home .. it 's take time to register . then : mccloy - where 's George . my regular driver . where be he ? billy take ill , guv ' . touch of the flu . they say it 's go around . nasty business . mind you do not catch a chill now . still daze , mccloy manage to nod and exit the limo . billy drive off . close - computer screen - biocyte build blueprint ( int . sheep farm safehouse ) include all specification . ethan luther , do you have the building up and run ? luther punch in and up come a squat little island a hundred yard off shore , connect to the mainland by a wooden bridge . ethan ( cont would ) that 's not exactly it . luther sorry , that it a biocyte facility , they storage structure .. ethan nyah still on the property ? billy she have not leave it . then : luther okay , here you go - as luther speak , the building - on he computer graphic , one with the biocyte pharmaceuticals elevator and renderings , be be rapidly morphed to three dimension existence off the rendering specification by luther , as if the building itself be be construct at a madly rapid pace , from its foundation to its reinforce steel structure , to its honeycombing of floor , to its outer skin . luther 's reconstitution of the building lot static , but move around and above it even as he proceed . ethan let 's start from the inside out . luther all storage and production of chimera be do here , in this lab on the forty - second floor , the heart of the building . biocyte lab only about eight personnel -- chemist in lab coat , worker in bio-containment suit , etc . -- populate the lab , pass through security door and air lock , monitoring the virus stock , pade the injection gun , etc . luther' voice chimera itself be keep in two place : in production vial in a incubation room and house in a small airtight chamber - inside three injection gun . billy voice mate , you kill it in both place , we be laughin ' and we go home . with luther and ethan ethan now how to get in there . luther no garage entrance . lobby 's protect by five guard on rotate patrol . ethan watch the rendition of the biocyte lobby on screen close - ambrose ( night ) in overhead light , he eye be dark pit , somehow underlying she saturnine intensity : ambrose if you look at hunt 's operational history , he invariably favor misdirection and deception . for a start he will not go into biocyte from the ground where he have to risk confrontation with security . ethan not go in from the ground . show I the atrium . int - biocyte atrium shaft the height and extent of the atrium be reveal , as well as its conclusion in a glass floor in the ceiling of the lab . luther' voice ( unhappily ) the atrium ? one of a kind . run down the center of the building . provide 24 - hour natural light via mirror and daylight storage cell . optimal grow condition for the virus . end in a glass floor which double as part of the lab 's ceiling . with luther and ethan luther see the glint grow in ethan 's eye . luther hey , atrium roof close at sundown . ext - biocyte atrium shaft as the sun set , the louver of the atrium roof begin close . luther' voice and if the louver be open for more than thirty second at night , the Civil emergency alarm be tip . that even I can not stop . thirty second total to get you in and the cable out . ethan Security ? luther thirty -second open in the roof and a 250 - foot drop . ethan I be not wait 48 hour . when we be do at biocyte , if she 's not out of ambrose 's , I be go in and get she out . close - ambrose ( night ) ambrose no , hunt will prefer to engage in some sort of acrobatic insanity to enter biocyte somewhere through the atrium where security be minimal .. suddenly there 's the roar of helicopter rotor . ethan ( ext . sydney - night ) be poise , upside down , on cable against the Sydney skyline . the atrium louver begin to open . with luther ( int . van ) hurriedly work the atrium 's control , hit ' enter ' , repeatedly . int - copter ( hovering ) billy Package away in five..four..three .. two..one ... luther I be not ready ! ethan I be go .. ethan plummet towards the atrium . with luther ( int . van - night ) luther ( frantically work control ) c'mon ! c'mon ! c'mon ! ethan's descent be so swift it appear as though he 's go to hit the atrium louver but as he reach roof level they crack open just enough for he to dart through like thread through a needle luther begin the countdown . his countdown continue , run under the action and dialogue below . luther' voice ..nineteen..eighteen..seventeen ... ethan in mid - descent ( moving ) move down the shaft of bluish light , past the building 's wall . luther' voice ( low ) ..sixteen..fifteen .. ethan streak through the beam of light toward the atrium floor . int - atrium floor - ethan reach the end of the cord , slow himself to a stop and see the security guard through the window . the guard start as he catch a glimpse of ethan 's reflection in the control panel . ethan luther , I be look at security . close - luther luther ( utterly shocked ) oh. uh. commence diversion . ( sotto voce , type swiftly ) alarm in cosmetics . int - atrium floor ethan swing himself up to the ledge above the guard 's window , put himself out of the puzzle guard 's sight . luther' voice gotta get that cable out . ethan unhook the cord and flip to the atrium floor . a alarm go off . luther' voice ( cont would ) there it go .. still confuse and concerned , the guard do not immediately react to the alarm or the ringing phone . he finally answer the phone . guard # 2's voice ( on phone ) ay ! what 's the matter with you ? can not you hear the alarm 's go off in cosmetics ? the first guard give up what 's confuse he . guard ( sarcastic ) right . then I guess I will have to trot off to see who 's pinching eyeliner , will not i. ( exit , grumble ) I will even check the stairwell on the way . up angle - cable be swiftly retract toward the atrium 's open as it close . billy retracting cable . luther' voice ( low ) three..two..one .. up angle - atrium the cable just make it through the atrium as the louver close . billy voice cable 's clear . int - atrium floor - ethan reach down and press a silent beeper . with luther ( int . van ) see a little red diamond - shape light pop on he screen luther transponder activate .. reading package and cable be clean . ( exhaling , relieved ) he 's on he way . stare at the building control panel . ethan ( int . atrium ) hug the floor just out of sight of the befuddle security guard . ambrose's voice he will make the attempt at the only possible time for both of we , 11 p.m. - when the guard rotate and the building air-filtration generator go active , cover the sound of he break - in .. with luther luther ethan , the generator be about to go active . we will be out of contact for eleven minute . close - generator dark and silent . generator turn over and roar to life . ethan at bottom of atrium cut into the glass floor , pop it out , and drop through the open . none of it 's hear under the generator .. ethan drop onto the lab floor and head across the lab and up the ramp to the hot zone . ambrose's voice the frequency of the generator operate to we advantage - cut radio communication from he team for the next eleven minute .. int - biocyte lobby ( night ) stamp , flanke by several of he team in biocyte security guard uniform , cross the lobby toward a pair of actual biocyte security guard who appear more puzzle than alarmed at this unexpected influx . one of the guard what 's this , then ? reinforcement ? stamp not exactly , mate . with luther ( int . construction van - night ) his attention in draw to a spot on the grid where nyah 's transponder blip , a circular yellow one in contrast to ethan 's , be move . Troubled : luther billy . I think we get a problem . nyah 's on the wing . up early . billy , do you copy ? int - chopper billy exactly where be she ? luther .. in the building ... billy voice say again . sound like you be say ' she 's in the building . ' luther I be . she be . ambrose's voice ethan do it the hard way to avoid confrontation . neutralize security guard be simply too distasteful to he .. int - biocyte lobby the two guard who have greet stamp and he arrive team lie inert on the lobby floor . ambrose's voice I have never find that a problem ... with billy ( int . helicopter - night ) billy 's so surprised he momentarily get loose with the copter and it bank off . as it and he recover : billy right . well , then . she 's not likely to be alone . be she ? luther' voice the question be 'how many of them ? ' I can not get through to ethan . not ' till the generator go off . billy when 's that ? luther' voice not for another eight and a half minute . with luther stare at the red and yellow blip in vertical alignment , the yellow one , nyah , considerably below the red one , ethan . int - hot zone entrance ( night ) the door read . danger : live virus : incubation zone . exposure be fatal . ethan pull on a protective mask from he pack and put a miniaturized recorder up to the voice print activator : mccloy's voice John c. mccloy .. ethan 's buzze into the hot zone . he step into the air lock . int - sheep farm imf safehouse a small bomb be place by the dark glove of someone unseen . ext - construction van - night a shadow fall across the dirt in front of the bumper . a SMALL object with a digital clock face , its red LED illuminate descend number , be carefully place inside the bumper . the magnet on it do not quite catch . it 's then place more carefully . int - construction van luther do not pick up on the faint metallic sound just outside . he 's concentrate on the flash on the screen show the transponder rise in the building . increasingly desperate : luther it look like nyah 's head toward a elevator . ethan work meticulously a a computer monitor . down angle - elevator door and a security guard 's body lie in the corridor . a pair of trouser leg step over the body and into the elevator join nyah 's leg and foot , and other pair of trouser leg . the elevator door close . ambrose's voice if hunt actually manage to squeak through the atrium he 's liable to make it to chimera before we will .. close luther on he computer screen the yellow dot continue its ascent , the two dot grow ever closer . luther she 's in the elevator head toward ethan . billy voice how much longer before you can reach he ? luther five and a half minute . ( look at he chronometer ) he 's breach the hot zone .. ambrose's voice on the other hand we know where hunt will be and he do not know we be come .. int - incubation zone in front of each of three large television monitor be a vial shape roughly like a seal beaker somewhere between one and two liter in size . each one be contain behind plexiglas and each one pale yellow , one sunset red . behind they be monitor mark , respectively : working seed stock , master seed stock , in vitro virus . behind this be a monitor screen with a blow - up of the content of the vial &amp ; the magnitude of the blow - up - 950,000x . this be X - Ray microscope blow -up , i.e. , allow the viewer to see the motility of the virus and its metabolism , not dissimilar to a mri this of chimera in its three different culture .. ethan 's on the computer control , racing through to working seed stock , which call for optimal level of 6.9 pH and 11 degree Celsius . he drop the pH to zero and punch up the temperature to a hundred . the effect on the greenish hue in the bottle be subtle but immediate - not so subtle be the effect on the virus seed view microscopically - they immediately appear agitate , they microscopic DNA innard contracting and expand . ethan move on to the master seed stock and the in vitro virus panel on the computer . the change he make be reflect on the digital monitoring panel before each viral container . the working seed vial have begin to change color from sea green to a paler pea - green . the liquid itself begin to thicken : computer voice ( female ) alert . chimera-working-seed-stock-ph-and - temperature -level-outside-optimal range . as the liquid grow more viscous the X - Ray have a progressively more difficult time penetrate the individual cell , result in a low hum sound which grow as the liquid gel . ethan at the control panel for maintain the virus . another computer voice alert . chimera-master -seed-stock-pH-and - temperature -level-outside-optimal range . first computer voice alert . chimera-working-seed-stock-ph-at - unacceptable -level .. third computer voice alert . chimera-in-vitro-ph-and - temperature-level-outside-optimal range .. first computer voice alert . chimera-working-seed-stock-ph-at - critical - level . alert . stock -life threaten . alert . the X - Ray microscope show the individual seed - cell stick together , some explode , then all movement cease . the liquid itself be suddenly shod through fluorescent spark before it congeal to a opaque mush . first computer voice ( cont would ) alert . chimera stock life .. terminate .. simultaneously with the seed stock , ethan 's damaging both the work seed in - vitro virus . wide angle - hot zone ethan place a little plastique on a timer and run up a ramp to the decontaminant air lock at the back entrance to the hot zone . billy voice how be we doin ' , then ? luther he should have have kill the virus in the incubation area .. nyah 's exite the elevator on the same level as the lab . billy voice what can we do ' mate ? luther ( stare at they ) hope he kill all the bug before the yellow dot get to the red one . close - luther' screen the read and yellow blip be now on the same plane . the yellow dot move toward the red one as if draw by a slow motion magnet . down angle - ethan look up as he entire body be hit with air like he 's a wind tunnel . when the air flow cease , a green light go on . computer voice subject be contaminate free . Zero contaminate factor . subject contaminate free . ethan - glass observation room head up a ramp to the three injection gun . hand in glove he reach into the chamber for one of the injection gun . luther' voice he 's still get three injection gun in the test lab .. they be load with dose of chimera which he will destroy by fire into a hyper- thermal chamber . he place the barrel of the gun , seal the chamber , and fire . there 's a tiny flash of light . ethan withdraw the gun . int - construction van luther 's sweat it as the clock count down : :30 , : 29 , :28 .. luther - twenty - seven , twenty -six , twenty - five , come on , ethan we be almost there ! I - I be off sensitive for this .. in a spasm of anxiety luther bolt to he foot , wipe he brow . luther ( cont would ) - eighteen second , the generator will be off and ethan 's back on line .. luther glance through the van window only to see reflect in the van side mirror : mirror reflection - chrome bumper ( ext . construction van ) reflect in it be the face of a digital clock , its red LED illuminate the clock 's number fourteen - thirteen - twelve - with luther luther ( realize what he 's in for ) oh - oh - oh - even as he moan he 's frantically rip out the computer and cord dangle , hotfoot toward the van exit . int - hot zone - glass observation room ethan fire the second injection gun . pick up the third and last . he pause as he 's about to fire it , stare intently suddenly the gun be hold by : nekhorvich who turn the barrel from the hyper - thermal chamber and release into he wrist . back to ethan - glass observation room whose vision of of nekhorvich fade . still think of nekhorvich he continue to stare at the gun for another moment and before he can fire : int - sheep farm imf safehouse the bomb 's LED readout show 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 .. as it reach 0 a small light on the bomb suddenly stop its incessant blink . ext - van explode . saw horse and dirt fly . int - glass observation room - ethan look up just in time to see ambrose and team arrive at the far end of the lab . they immediately open fire , shatter the room 's wall and the glass injection gun chamber . as the injection gun begin fall to the lab floor below , one of ambrose 's team run to grab it , but before he can reach it he be shot by ethan , who 's fall to the floor below . ambrose ( to ulrich ) get it . as ethan hit and dive for cover , ulrich go for the gun ethan shoot ulrich in the leg . ulrich hop back in pain . ambrose that be two explosion , you van and you safehouse , in case you do not hear they both -- I believe that mean you have also lose a friend . ethan 's crouching on the ground protect behind a series of vertical metal sheet . ethan and you could not walk to tell I about it . ethan move to pick up the injection gun which lie in the shattered glass on the floor . ambrose , wallis , and a couple of other ambrose team member fire , kick up break glass . ethan back off . ambrose ( yell ) hold you fire , dammit ! the two spot one another in a mirror on the far wall of the hot zone .. ambrose ( cont would ) well , hunt . how have you be ? ethan ( smile ) fight a bit of a cold .. ambrose and you be happy about that ? ethan beat fight the flu , I be here to tell you . ambrose you know , that be the hardest part of have to portray you . grinning like a idiot every fifteen minute . ethan I would have think the hardest part be exercise restraint . curbing that press need of you to get you gun off . you be in such a hurry to knock off that 747 , you never figure out where the virus really be . ambrose I know where it be . ethan oh. then you know the only way could smuggle the live virus to the cdc scientist in Atlanta be by inject himself and use he own bloodstream as a petri dish , do it inside of twenty hour so he could take the anti-virus and still have it be effective . you know that while you be knock he off and destroy the very thing you come for . ethan have be use this exchange to ease a fresh seventeen round clip into he weapon and he punctuate this last with a spray of gunfire , attempt to cover he own effort to the reach the injection gun . the return fire nearly hit the injection gun , kick up glass and dust and make it move around on the floor . ambrose stop ! put a sock in it ! hit that bloody gun and you will spray the bloody virus all over the place ! everybody 's regain cover but the injection gun remain out of everybody 's reach . ethan there it be , guy , the last of it . ambrose yep . you have provide we with a golden opportunity to have both the bug and the bug killer . ethan what be the top bid ? ambrose why , you go to make I a better offer ? ethan than thirty - seven million pound ? not really . ambrose ( not amused ) somebody 's be slip you we mail . come on out here , you bad girl . nyah walk out into view on she own . ethan see she reflection in the mirror . enrage , but try to control it . ethan she do not belong here , Sean . let she go . ambrose she would not be here if it be not for you , hunt. from this moment you be responsible for what happen to she , and if you be look out for she well - be , I suggest you advise she to pick up the gun and bring it to I . Ball 's in you court , hunt . what have you get to say ? nyah 's wait for you answer . a pregnant pause . luther' voice ( break through the static ) ethan , nyah 's in the building ! do you copy ? with luther ( ext . biocyte ) a mess amid the rubble of the construction van . ethan ethan ( dryly ) thank you . ethan ( cont would ) sure he will not shoot you the minute he 's get it ? ambrose oh , hunt , please ! one can not hold nyah responsible for she action .. ethan in other word , you be call she a flake . close - nyah listen . ambrose you know woman , mate . like monkey , they be . wo not let go of one branch till they have get a grip on the next ... get it , nyah . I will cover you . ambrose cock he weapon . ambrose ( cont would ) I be wait . nyah ( not much more than body length from ethan ) this be not exactly work out the way you think it would , ethan . sorry . finger on the injection trigger , she rise and turn the barrel on she arm , fire . the sound of the air pressure push the virus into she be unmistakable , as be the circle of tiny puncture wound on she skin . nyah move in front of ethan , cover he , as she turn to face ambrose . ethan shocked by nyah 's gesture but as she address ambrose he reset the ' countdown ' on he chronometer to twenty hour . as it drop into the nineteen : ambrose ( frustrated in the extreme ) you.. bitch ! she 's be laugh away with ethan : nyah you be not go to shoot , Sean . not this bitch . she 's worth thirty - seven million pound . close - ethan's hand finger press a red button on a tiny detonator . there 's a bright heat flash from the hot zone and a explosion of gas and water -- the plastique kill any airborne virus . ethan use the diversion to grab nyah and run with she to the far side of the lab , behind a stock of horizontal cylinder . int - lab ambrose and team recover from the explosion and begin fire on the tank protect ethan and nyah , surround the two with fire and jet of release steam . int - lab - ethan and nyah behind the stack of tank . ethan launch a explosive down a short hallway , blow a hole in the building 's exterior wall . int - entrance to the lab a group of biocyte security guard enter from behind ambrose and team and catch they off-guard . all hell break loose . int - lab - ethan and nyah ethan ( outrage ) what do you think you be do ! nyah I be not think ! just .. try to keep you from get hurt , that 's all . this hit ethan with the force of a blow . ethan - you who do not have a conscience . nyah ( something of surprise to she ) I guess I lie .. you can not get both of we out of here , can you ? ethan no. nyah then you will have to kill I before it 's too late . before I start kill people . ethan no. nyah I be infect with chimera . you know you do not have a choice . just do it now . she put ethan 's gun to she forehead . nyah ( cont would ) for god 's sake , get it over with . the hammer pull back . close - ethan he can not fire , lower the hammer . ethan we have get 19 hour and 57 minute before you start kill anybody . I will get bellerophon into you system by then . just stay alive . I be not gonna lose you . ethan run from the cover of the tank toward the explode wall once in the open , he exchange direct gunfire with ambrose 's team , wound a couple man . he reach the wall and dive through , camera with he as he drop 25 storey , the sound of gunfire in the air all around he . less than a hundred foot from the ground a small dark chute deploy and ethan be lose from view beneath it . panning shot - painting ( int . cultural artifact CENTER ) of aborigine painting , eerie pattern make of man and nature phantasmagorical , like the pattern that form under the eyelid shortly before sleep . b.g. the haunt note of didgeridoo insure they be not be overhear . swanbeck ( read the painting title ) ' dream of bird and Flying Fox , ' ' bushfire dream , ' ' wind dream , ' -- oddly appropriate - swanbeck break off and turn to a somewhat batter and battle weary ethan : swanbeck ( cont would ) - since it appear that chimera , the mother of all nightmare be on the loose somewhere around here - be there any way this disaster can be view as a qualified one ? ethan ( tight -lipped ) not yet . we do manage to pull any sensitive equipment and material out of we safehouse wreckage . swanbeck we could lock down passport control and all port of authority , but that will not stop ambrose , and beyond he , we do not know who else we be look for -- all terrorist bank account of which we be aware be stable . no deposit , no withdrawals . therefore no suspect . ethan we think we have get we finger on the buyer . swanbeck do you ? even assume you be able to prevent ambrose sell chimera , you have now get a additional problem . you destroy all of chimera at biocyte . if ambrose be go to sell chimera now , he will have to do it by take a pint or so of miss Hall 's blood to market . ethan yes , I believe that 's right . swanbeck but that leave another seven or eight pint of chimera . ethan you mean that leave miss Hall . swanbeck yes , I believe that 's right . now my understanding be that 20 hour after exposure , the victim become infectious . highly infectious . ethan glance at he chronometer . swanbeck see it . swanbeck ( cont 'd ) you note the time of exposure ? ethan nod . swanbeck ( cont 'd ) - good . then if you manage to get hold of ambrose , and obtain what he 's get , you have get - ( glance at the chronometer ) - 8 hour 57 minute and twenty - three second to destroy the large remain source of chimera on earth . ethan she sacrifice herself .. swanbeck brave girl . if you can get hold of bellerophon with the time limit , you may spare she the ultimate sacrifice . but in either case you have get less than nine hour to kill she or cure she . after that it 's out of we hand and a matter of worldwide material law . and hunt . however you obtain it , we want you to preserve a sample of chimera . bring it back alive . ethan 's stare at swanbeck . swanbeck ( cont 'd ) something else ? ethan be not you even curious ? about why she do it ? swanbeck no . I can not afford to be curious . and neither can you , hunt .. as the eerie wail of the didgeridoo seem to mount in volume and intensity , the overcast sky filter into the loft seem particularly oppressive . ethan 's up against it and he know it . a view of sydney from harbor to skyline in all its sunlight splendor . nyah sit for a moment , look steadily at ambrose . ambrose pat the cannister he 's carry . ambrose feel like plead for you life ? nyah ( with a edge ) not as much as you feel like hearing it . ambrose slap she . with scarcely a flicker of hesitation she slap he back . ambrose God damn it , nyah ! why do you do it ? why do you save that bastard ? nyah if it will make you feel any better I will not do it again . it do not . full of pain and rage , he get out of the car . ambrose if it will make you feel any better , you be go to take a lot of aussy with you and make I a lot of money . nyah what be you talk about ? ambrose in just a few hour you can be assure of go down in history as the typhoid Mary of oz. g'day . a nameless guard from Michael 's car idling nearby get into the back seat with nyah . ambrose shut the car door in nyah 's face , get in Michael 's car take off . ext / int - imf helicopter - bluff ethan luther ?.. luther . luther drop a tiny part into he computer board and , as he try to fish it out with the aid of a magnify glass : luther ethan , I keep tell you there 's not a chance of locating nyah till I access the satellite and there 's not a chance of do that till I get this thing boot up and run ! how much time do she have leave ? ethan ninety - seven minute , twenty - seven second . billy before we kill she or cure she .. luther right . ethan wrong . all we have get to worry about be ambrose . nyah will take care of nyah . billy what be you talk about ? ethan unless we dose she with bellerophon on the next ninety - seven minute , nyah will kill herself . so , first thing , first . swanbeck say there 's no cash movement from any monitor terrorist account . ext - bear island car park mccloy 's black limousine be in the car park . ethan's voice confirm what ambrose be gonna do - int - tunnel - bear island barrel of toxic material line the wall , as a armed guard patrol the corridor , lead into the main chamber , where we follow mccloy into int - slabhouse mccloy enter and begin pace . ethan's voice ( cont 'd ) - who he 's do it with , and where he 's gonna do it . ext - motorcycle and line of vehicle ( day ) speed along a isolate road in close formation before turn onto a side road , reveal as lead to a bridge across a small strip of water to a small island . ext - bear island - landward side ( day ) as the cycle and vehicle cross the bridge and approach the front gate , the camera swing around the side of the island establish the geography and the six cannon emplacement before come to a stop on ext - bear island - seaward cliff - ethan scale the seaward side of the island with minimal gear ext / int - imf helicopter - bluff rest like a giant locust , half hide by a cluster of tree on the bluff overlook bear Island . billy 's at the control , with binocular , maintain surveillance of the island and environ . in the back , luther be at work on he gps computer . billy voice ethan 's out from under the bridge and on the south - east face .. ext - cliff / view of tunnel ethan climb the side of the cliff . billy voice ethan , ambrose and he tem have over the bridge - ethan copy that . ethan reach the clifftop and see armed guard patrol . billy voice you all right , mate ? from here it look like very security . what 's it look like like from there ? ethan risky . he 's over the top and move swiftly to cover . ethan surprise and kill a perimeter guard , then run to a length of grate and lift one of the panel . ethan climb down through the grate in the roof of the tunnel . use a bar to swing down , he break a second guard 's neck and drop to the floor . ext - bear island - entrance ( day ) ambrose and team drive through the entry gate -- pass its biocyte pharmaceuticals sign and various no - nonsense warning of ' no trespass , ' etc . -- before biocyte security guard close it behind they . int - tunnel - near the grating ethan breached the structure at the ten o'clock grate . in the tunnel move toward the target . ethan begin head down the tunnel . int - slabhouse build ambrose and team enter , where mccloy and he chemist and accountant be wait . as stamp stand back , observe , and wallis set up a laptop , ambrose walk up to a refectory - like table and stand opposite mccloy . ambrose reach into he coat and put two cannister on the table in front of mccloy . mccloy 's chemist pick up the cannister and insert they into two chamber connect to he microscope . chemist it 's a DNA match . the blood 's load with < i> chimera . </ i> a insert of the microscope plate show the two sample , as < i> bellerophen < / i > destroy < i> chimera . </ i> the chemist press a button on the chamber and there 's a heat flash . the chamber red light move to green , and there 's a mechanical voice : ' substance destroy . ' chemist ( cont would ) and they certainly have bellerophen . the kev cannister be out on the table . mccloy well , then . you have get both the virus and the anti-virus , < i> chimera < / i > and < i> bellerophen . < / i> which mean I have thirty million for you ambrose do not respond . mccloy ( cont would ) that 's all the cash I can come up with ambrose not exactly . wallis ? wallis ( off biocyte figure on laptop ) more like two - two point two million . ambrose in any case we do not want you cash . mccloy then what do you want ? ambrose pick up a mobile phone and dial . ambrose stock , Mr. mccloy . stock option , to be a little more precise .. ( into the phone ) - cut she loose .. right in the center of town .. the more crowded the better .. ( punch off , to mccloy ) how quickly can you manufacture more of the antivirus . int - tunnel - cavity in the wall as he move along the tunnel , ethan suddenly flatten himself against a wall as he receive a transmission from luther . luther' voice ethan , just pick up a ambrose call - nyah 's be drop off . I think she 's alive . ethan where be she ? ext - helicopter - bluff luther somewhere in Sydney . int - tunnel - cavity in the wall ethan hear something and duck into a nearby cavity in the tunnel wall . as a guard approach , ethan step out of the cavity and knock the guard out , then throw he into the opposite wall . luther' voice ethan ? do you copy ? ethan's voice ' somewhere in Sydney ? ' Care to harden the target ? luther' voice can not . until I can get the gps up on we computer .. it 's still down .. ethan the clock be tick .. back to the matter at hand , ethan complete the move on the guard and knock he out . int - slabhouse mccloy bellerophen ? no time at all once I have get it . ambrose good . biocyte stock be just a week or two away from go through the roof . mccloy ( alarmed ) what be you talk about ? ambrose a outbreak of < i> chimera . </ i> mccloy where ? ambrose in downtown Sydney for a start . mccloy be stunne . ambrose ( cont would ) you create the supply , Mr. mccloy , we have just create the demand . Three million people in Sydney and 17 million people in Australia be go to need bellerophen within a matter of day .. not to mention the rest of the world .. int - tunnel - OPEN area - ethan's feet stealthily approach a couple dozen jittery pigeon , coo and peck . the intensity of they noise - make increase as ethan reach they . int - tunnel - outside of the slabhouse room door hear the disruption of the pigeon , one of ambrose 's guard leave he post at the double door and head the tunnel toward the bird to investigate . int - tunnel - OPEN area ambrose 's guard draw he gun and continue approach the pigeon . before the guard can see he , ethan run forward , and send the pigeon into scattered flight , blind the guard . ethan jump into a back flip and double kick -- first knock away the guard 's gun and then knock he out and flat on he back . ethan continue he flip and land right back on he foot . int - slabhouse ambrose -- now here 's the way it 's go to work .. wallis , the share outstanding be .. wallis ninety - three point four million . ambrose which mean , Mr. mccloy , we have to get we hand on four hundred and eighty thousand option . we will borrow you thirty million to buy that option . you stock 's never sell above thirty - one dollar a share . we will agree to buy at fifty . ambrose ( cont would ) when you stock go north of two hundred , and it will , that option will be worth billion . we can borrow whatever we need to buy the 48,000,000 share , fifty - one percent of biocyte . mccloy outrageous . I will not let you take control of my company . ambrose sit down . you will be a billionaire . better than be break . I have get terrorist and other pharmaceutical company stand in line . Ball 's in you court , Mr. mccloy . int - tunnel - outside the slabhouse room door ethan pull a can of explosive material form he pack . he roll it towards the double door , and it stop just before reach they . then , point he gun to the ceiling , he fire into the air . int - slabhouse room - ambrose hear a noise and look to stamp , who hear it as well . stamp nod to two guard to check it out . they head across the room to the double door . int - tunnel - outside the slabhouse room door - ethan wait for the right moment before raise he and fire at the can of explosive . just as it ignites , the guard open the door and be blow back by force of the explosion . int - slabhouse room - ambrose react and turn toward the explosion . amidst the flame and debris , a single white dove come fly into the room . and beyond it , ambrose can see ethan hunt in silhouette walk slowly past the doorway . ambrose run that bastard down . order be shout , and guard , along with stamp , hotfoot it down the tunnel - corridor in the direction of the explosion . int - tunnel - stamp and guard run down the tunnel . the guard move commando-style , direct by stamp 's hand signal . int - slabhouse - mccloy and ambrose ambrose load he gun and drag the tip of the barrel along the table . ambrose we be run short on time , Mr. mccloy . we have get to conclude we business . mccloy pause only a moment before nodd to he accountant . mccloy yes , start the transfer . the accountant begin work on he laptop . ambrose ( to wallis ) follow it . let I know . int - tunnel - stamp and guard pass a couple of doorway . a pigeon fly past stamp 's face and he stop . as he turn , ethan lower himself from a hide place in the ceiling . stamp and ethan pull they gun on one another . they be in a face - off until they both agree to drop they gun , but stamp catch he in mid-air and point it back at ethan . ethan you break we deal . stamp you be too trust . raise you hand slowly . as ethan raise he hand , he pull the pin on a grenade and then kick it between stamp 's leg . the handle fly off : it 's live . when stamp look down in surprise at the grenade , ethan kick out he gun . try to escape the grenade , stamp smashes into ethan and seem to have hit he in the jaw . both hit the ground as the grenade explode , with stamp appear to have the upper hand . int - slabhouse as everyone wait for the transfer to complete , the grenade explode out in the tunnel . mccloy and he accountant freeze with alarm as a sprinkle of dust settles on the room . ambrose ( to the accountant ) keep it go . stamp' voice Sean , this rat 's reach the end of the maze . ambrose ( into walkie- talkie ) be he alive ? stamp' voice more or less . ambrose bring he to I . int - helicopter - billy and luther luther have the gps computer start to access the satellite . billy ( nervously ) we be due to take off . luther not for seven more minute . int - slabhouse - wallis check he computer screen , which show the transfer have finish successfully . wallis Sean . transfer complete . stamp drag ethan in , arm pin with heavy tape . stamp ethan look grimy as sandbag after a busy day of tunneling . ambrose rise to examine he prize . mccloy ( apprehensive ) what exactly do you intend to do with he ? ambrose walk behind ethan and kick he knee out from under he . ethan fall to the floor . int - helicopter - billy and luther luther ethan ? ethan ? do you copy ? luther hear nothing in response but while noise . he look to billy and indicate there 's no answer . ethan well , mate , maybe this be one of that time we should not follow order . ext - helicopter ( day ) the rotor blade turn over . int - slabhouse build ( day ) ambrose ( to ethan ) what have you get to say for yourself . hunt ? any last word ? ethan appear as if he want to respond , but can not . ambrose kick he again . ambrose ( cont would ) stop mumble . stamp afraid he 's get no choice . I believe I break he jaw . ambrose Hugh , I be impressed .. ambrose have pick up a pair of berettas , and be proceeding to load both full seventeen round clip . mccloy ( anxiety mount ) what do you intend to do ? ambrose favor mccloy with a glance of genial exacerbation . ambrose you need not watch . full shot - helicopter ( day ) rise off the golf green , and banking toward the island . int - slabhouse ( day ) ambrose stand before hunt with a pair of fully load berettas . the sound of the helicopter grow . ambrose - right . we do not have a lot of time , hunt . whatever you have get to say , say it now . ethan indeed make some considerable effort to speak but can only manage a few guttural , progressively desperate sound which continue as : ambrose ( cont would ) sorry mate , I can not understand a bloody word . how about give we a big smile to remember you by ? ( hearing the helicopter ) no ? well , then . this be what 's know as get you gun off . with that ambrose empty thirty four round from the two berettas into ethan whose body jerk crazily on the floor . mccloy nearly faint , and ambrose laugh at he squeamishness until something on ethan 's body catch he eye : the top of the little finger on the right hand be bleed . ambrose grab ethan 's face , and rip off a latex mask : revealing stamp , eye wide open and thoroughly lifeless . his jaw , under the mask have be tape carefully close with the same heavy tape ethan have use to mount the drain - pipe shotgun on the tunnel wall . ambrose ( cont would ) bloody hell ! he look around , but stamp be go . so be the cannister and kevlar vest that have be on the table moment before . ext - bear island ethan 's on the motorcycle , head toward the gate , which a pair of security guard be frantically try to close . billy and luther in the copter be over the island , and bank so luther can fire a grenade launcher and blow the back of ambrose 's boat . the guard close the gate , ethan run the motorcycle up the hillock and jump the gate , over onto the bridge . ambrose follow in the suv , crash through the gate . they race across the bridge and the road , onto the huge greensward opposite to and similar in shape to bare Island . there , with the helicopter hover , ambrose manage to corner ethan and after they expend whatever ammunition they weapon hold , they move into each other bare hand and engage in ferocious , no-hold - bar combat , the helicopter hover low enough to keep away whatever 's leave of ambrose 's henchmen , the chopper 's downdraft hit they and flatten the grass around they . ethan prevail . a spectacular view of sydney on bluff overlook the city . camera move slowly to the top of the bluff . ext / int - imf helicopter ( day ) with billy fly and luther at the door , machine gun in hand , the copter near the bare Island gun pit and ethan . ext - bear island gun pit - ethan run into the central ' hole ' area , gun in both hand and wear the kevlar vest . he run toward the wall edge of the enclosure and jump . as he pull himself up the top of the wall , he see the imf helicopter approach . a gunman appear from the tunnel entrance and open fire , the bullet explode into the wall around ethan , who jump out of the way to avoid they . ext / int - imf helicopter be under fire as well , bullet spraying the windshield , drive luther back inside and cause billy to turn the chopper around . billy man at you six . ext - bear island gun pit - ethan who roll and return fire at the gunman . ethan first hit the gunman in the leg , and then shoot and explode the canister behind the gunman , kill he . ethan ( to billy ) the field of fire be too heavy . back off and pinpoint they position . bear island hill - motorcycle bear down on he as he stand up . ethan just manage to dive out of its path before a second motorcycle come up over the hill . ethan flip backwards and fire he pistol , shoot the second cyclist off he bike . the motorcycle fly over ethan , who run after it and jump on , revving the throttle and take off . bear island - parking area - ambrose deploy some of he man via walkie-talkie while other scramble into they car . ambrose ( into walkie - talkie ) hunt 's head for the bridge . come in at twelve o'clock high . bear island bridge a gold falcon with several of ambrose 's man inside enter the bridge from the mainland and speed toward the island . ext - bear island complex ambrose 's man exit the complex and get into they car . bear island hill - ethan crest a hill aboard the cycle , the imf chopper in b.g . ethan clear that bridge for I . luther ' voice Roger that . billy voice they be tracking you on the leave , ethan . prepare for some fire . bear island roadway Michael 's suv and wallis ' sedan speed along as a gunman from the suv fire on ethan up the hill , spraying bullet around he . bear island bridge - gold falcon approach the island . luther fire he grenade launcher . it hit the falcon 's trunk , lift its back wheel off the ground , but the falcon keep come , its trunk ablaze . luther reload as a gunman lean out the window , fire up at ethan on the hill . bear island hill - ethan lay on the cycle 's throttle , accelerate down the hill and propel the bike into the air and off the island , just as ext - imf helicopter - luther again fire he grenade launcher , this time at the front of the bear island bridge - gold falcon on the bridge . the grenade explode at the front of the car and hurl the falcon into the air and off the bridge . bear island - hill / bridge - ethan be in mid-air on the cycle , head down toward the bridge . just as he land , the gold falcon fly off the bridge , and ethan speed through the flame and off onto the mainland . bear island - bridge Michael 's suv arrive and tear through the gate and flame , follow by wallis ' sedan and then ambrose , riding a motorcycle . road leading from bridge - ethan race up the road to find a white falcon approach . the imf chopper arrive and gunfire 's exchange . luther take a hit in the shoulder and drop he gun as the chopper bank away . int - helicopter - luther luther grip he shoulder in pain and fall back into he seat , jarring the gps computer . it respond by beep and come to life . nyah 's yellow dot pop up on the screen . gps computer the target be locate . luther ethan , the computer 's up . I have get nyah . she 's move out of the city . ethan luther , say again . luther she 's on the North head bluff - approach the cliff . one klick away . ext - roadway - ethan ethan ( over increase static ) copy . she 's only get twenty - eight minute leave . track ahead and pick she up . int - imf helicopter luther band he shoulder wound and monitor he gps laptop . luther we will not be able to cover you . ext - roadway - ethan slightly slow the bike to concentrate over the static . ethan you be break up . track ahead and pick she up . you have get I on gps . bring she to I . ethan pull out and throw away the earpiece . int - imf helicopter luther billy , North head . haul ass . ext - roadway ethan head downhill as the suv approach on a adjacent road . he pull out in front of it , immediately draw fire . without slow , ethan drop to the side he cycle for cover . int - imf helicopter - luther watch the gps laptop as the chopper speed over Sydney . ext - roadway - ethan and wallis ' sedan wallis ' sedan appear from a adjoin road and pull in behind ethan , who climb back aboard he cycle . cut off , the suv turn onto a side road to intercept ethan . wallis get he . ulrich I can not get a good shot . before a intersection , ethan both revs and brake , spin the bike and create a smoke screen . wallis ' car enter the smoke . ulrich ( cont would ) I can not see he , mate . slow down ! wallis shut up . I know what I be do . wallis break hard , but not hard enough : he stop just in the path of a oncoming 18 - wheeler . his car 's demolish . ext - roadway - ethan and suv ethan pull out of the smoke as the suv burst out of the scrub behind he , strike the rear of the cycle . ethan put he bike into a spin and pull he gun , end up alongside the suv passenger window . he fire through the window , shoot both Michael and the bodyguard . the suv veer off , crash into a line of park car . it hit the first car and flip up and over , landing upside down on several more park car . ethan speed off on he smoking cycle . ambrose arrive and then take a side road . int - imf helicopter - luther work on he gps laptop . the range -- ie , the distance from the move copter to the yellow dot , nyah , on the edge of the screen -- be reduce to about two kilometer . luther ( to billy ) Range be two kay . billy I hope there 's a place to land . luther look up from the screen to see the bluff of North head at the entrance to Sydney 's harbor . ext - three - line roadway - ethan tear down the road , when suddenly from a side trail ambrose pull out behind he and begin fire . ethan weave to avoid ambrose 's fire and pass a car , pull in front of it for cover . the car skid , force ambrose to veer around it . from copter to ground ( moving ) rapidly approach the North head bluff . billy there she be . I get visual . luther we be down to seven minute 23 second .. high angle - NORTH head move up behind nyah who be walk purposefully to the edge of the bluff and a precipitous drop to rock and surf a hundred and fifty foot below . camera drop to nyah 's shoulder level and move with she to the bluff 's edge . as she 's just a few step away from step off , there 's a roar and the helicopter rise into the shot , before she wild - eye billy gesture , ' stop ! stop ! ' to nyah . ext - roadway ethan pass narrowly between a car and oncoming truck . ambrose follow as soon as the truck clear . ethan fire backward use he side - view mirror to aim , explode ambrose 's windscreen . ambrose skid until he wheel clip a rock , knock he upright . ethan turn into a side road and speed through open scrub . back on the main road , ambrose roar off to intercept ethan . ext - clifftop - rock ledge on a clifftop clear , ethan race along as ambrose move to cut he off . they head toward one another . luther' voice ethan , we have get she . track to you now . we be read 5 minute 19 second . ext - clifftop - clearing ethan and ambrose round a bend and face one another . without hesitate , they charge towards each other . as they near one another , each leap forward and off he bike , and they collide hard in mid-air . they fall to the ground fight as they bike skid and ethan 's explode , raining debris upon they . ethan and ambrose rush towards one another . ethan flip ambrose to the ground . ambrose pull a gun from he ankle holster . as ethan knock it away , he lose he own gun and they both fall off a 30 - foot cliff . int - imf helicopter at top speed over Sydney . nyah appear weak and shiver . luther ( to billy ) bear two one zero . about 3 klick . ( into microphone ) ethan , we be moment away .. ext - clifftop - clearing - fight ethan and ambrose rise from the fall . ethan jump up and sweep ambrose , drop he to the ground . ethan begin strangling ambrose but get knock off , and when they both stand , ambrose get ethan in a choke hold . ambrose hit he and grab a rock and hit ethan in the midsection and the face . ethan kick it out of he hand and connect with several punch , knock ambrose to the ground . kneel , ambrose pull a knife from a boot holster and cut ethan across the back and face . ambrose dive on ethan and the knife be poise above ethan 's eye before ethan grab the knife and clear , hold it out toward ambrose . ambrose go ahead . use it hunt . it 's not a bad way to go . a lot better than the way that bitch be go to die . ambrose swing again and miss , and ethan deliver a series of kick , leave ambrose stunne and barely stand . ethan step back , and with a run start , strike ambrose with a leaping kick that drop he to the ground and knock the knife out of he hand . ext / int - imf helicopter - clifftop as they approach in the distance , billy , luther and nyah finally gain sight of ethan in hand - to-hand combat . ext - clifftop - clearing - fight ethan turn and walk away from ambrose toward the cliff edge . the copter land and luther run toward ethan but pull up , look over ethan 's shoulder . ambrose have a gun aim at ethan 's back . ambrose hunt . you should have kill I . near hunt 's foot be he own gun , obscure from ambrose 's view by dust from the copter . ethan toss the canister to luther and then kick he gun up out of the dirt and into the air . he catch it , drop down and fire , kill ambrose . ext / int - helicopter on clifftop ethan reach nyah at the copter . inch apart , they can only stare silently at one another . int - cultural museum didgeridoo music . a child admire a painting . swanbeck and ethan face one another . a long , long pause . for a moment it appear as if swanbeck have lose awareness of ethan 's presence . swanbeck sorry , ethan . I do not quite know where to begin . any suggestion ? ethan you would like I to conduct my own debrief . swanbeck why not ? you have do just about everything else on this operation . ethan I would thank you -- but I be not sure that be a compliment . swanbeck of course it be . anyone whose operation require the level of disinformation that yours do , be bound to get a little flak here and there . you try flog the storey on CNN I have have to come up with about what 's be go on around here the last few day . at any rate , it 's be most instructive -- what they will swallow , or what they will broadcast with a straight face . ( pick up a file ) miss Hall 's blood , it appear , have absolutely no element of the chimera virus . not even antibody . ethan yes , I gather as much . swanbeck and the only other remain sample be in the canister you recover from ambrose . ethan yes . swanbeck and that appear to have be destroy . it also contain the anti-virus , bellerophon . ethan well , bellerophon , it turn out , be only really effective against chimera . swanbeck but you be under specific instruction to bring back a live sample of the chimera virus . I would be very interested to know how , after you would manage its recovery intact , it subsequently get destroy . ethan by fire . that 's the best way , really . swanbeck so you do not fail mission , you simply change it . ethan do not respond . swanbeck ( cont would ) it 's no longer enough for you to execute and implement imf policy , you now wish to go in the business of create it ? ethan no , I do not . but in this case - swanbeck in this case , it be not a bad idea . in face , it be a pretty damn good idea . just do not make a habit of it . and , as for Ms. Hall , in light of she effort , she criminal record will certainly be expunge . I be assume you approve . ethan I do . swanbeck where be she now , by the way ? do you know ? ethan I do not . no exactly . swanbeck well , hunt , what be you plan ? ethan not sure . some sort of vacation . I will let you know where I be go . swanbeck oh , you do not have to do that . would not be a vacation if you do . ethan and swanbeck exchange one final , know glance . sky newscaster this incident in the wake of rumor suddenly surfacing about Mr. mccloy and biocyte 's financial difficulty -- include criminal allegation of insider trading , embezzlement , conspiracy to commit fraud , and stock parking -- have , understandably , send stock price of the pharmaceutical company plummete . ext - sydney ( day ) ethan emerge to a very crowded street . billy and luther be wait . both look to ethan . luther ( worried ) so what do he say ? ethan good job . and thanks . billy ( incredulous ) that 's it ? that 's it ? that 's it ? luther ( dryly , look at billy ) and the check 's in the mall . billy right . just remember , mate . billy baird 's the name . anything you need to get , move or watch , I be you man . and billy 's go . ethan and luther remain alone , both reluctant to say anything , both reluctant to leave . one quick bear hug , then : luther always nice hearing from you man . stay in touch .. and luther 's off . ethan look after he , a bit wistfully . then , curiously tentative he move off into the crowd . after a half - dozen step , something catch he eye . he stop . one quick bear hug , then : nyah ( a tad wary ) do you know I ? nyah be inch from he . without bat a eye . ethan no. should I ? nyah no . you just look as if you do . ethan no ... she wrap she arm around he and kiss he with considerable conviction . ethan ( cont would ) ... just as if I would like to . nyah oh. well .. he kiss she with a conviction that be more than a match for hers . nyah ( cont would ) .. I think that can be arrange . look around at the swirl crowd : ethan let 's get lose . and in a moment they have vanish from the frame and into the crowd . camera begin to pull back , the bustling crowd ever fill the frame - and in the distance , perhaps , just a splash of a bouquet of flower can be see , appear to bounce along on its own , the rise beat of the MI theme : begin credit : imf ii - chimera