yy a untitled screenplay by costa -gavras , Donald steware and John Nichols base on che book oy Thomas hauser final draft February 5 , 1981 this film be base on a crue story . the incident and fact be fully document . . some of the name have be change to protect the innocent . the guilty be already procect . ext . a CITY STREET - late afternoon a weapon carrier straddle the center line of a road in the outskirt of a large town . line behind the apc , a dozen car and truck await permission to pass . several soldier accompany a nervous officer down along the vehicle , check id , tummage chrough trunk and truck bed . the uniform man be tensa , skittish , heavily armed . on che sidewalk , other soldier . brusquely search pedestrian . a air of confusion aad disotder cast a add menace and danger ever che scene . a blue chevrolet sedan errive at the end of the line . the driver be a self - assure , middle - age man . next to he , a attractive young woman be turn sideways so she can also see the rear-seat passenger , 2 thin , studious - look young man . the woman and Young man ave obytously on edge . but the Driver ace merely annoyed by the inconvenience . apprehensively , the Young man glance out he window . the set sum 's flicker tay cast eerie reflec- ' tion of shadow and Light . . 4& group of barefoot barrio urchin play seccar on a side street ara cblivicus to the turbulent situation . the Young man ts mesmerize by they energetic anric . suddenly , a Army truck careen into view and the kid scatter , leave che ball in mid-screec , umclaimad . the truck hit the ball , which burse . and the noise , like a gunshot , erigger a moment of panic . a overwhelmingly dangerous silance . the Officer wave he revolver . the soldier seek target for cheir weapon . terrify of trigger suspicion , padestri - and do not know whether co mm , fall to the ground , or reeze ... a jittery soldier approach che car and jab he ar - l6 through che open rear window , its muzzle just inch from che Young man 's face . he seiifen , but hold he composure . without be ask , the Driver produce a laminate i.d. card . soldier ' abs it , squint sus - piciously , then beckon the of : icer , who approach with self - righteous belligerence . he recognize the card at a giance , however , caka it , returas it to che Driver , salute smartly . officer Captain Davis , my bien ... pase , pase ! 2. the Officer signal with he gun to pull we of line , then walk ahead , order other cto let the chevy proceed , to the right , in che mid-distance , the Young man no - tice a woman in flight . through the tatter cloch of she shradd slack patch of white skin ace visi - ble . as she run , the woman clutches at the flap remnant , vainly try to cover she bareness . the Young man check the woman and Davis , but they have not notice she . the Officer salute a final time , and the car move off . ag the roadblock tecede , the Young man open a batter spiral notebook , unclip a pen , and begin write . with slightly perturb in - tensity , Davis study the Young man in the rearview mirror , Davis glance at the mirror once more , chen focus back on the road . CENTER of the CITY - dusk street be alive with prowl . Soldiers . armore vehicle rumble by . a matte black huey gunship crack ~ les overhead . occasional civilian , shoulder hunch against imminene blow , hurry along a if pursue by the chevrolet crunch over break glass littering a square . in the b.g. , heavy bonfire sncke tis curbu - lently . Soldiers be feed the flame , but we can not distinguish what they be use for fuel . Davis glance at he watch , then turn to the woman , davis where do you live , tarzsy ? alertly , the nervous Young man interrupt sefore she can answer . young man why ? davis ( matter of fact ) so 1 cam take you home . [ t 's only thirty minute until curfew . Terry be startle , and begin co speak , buc the Young man jump in once more . young man just drop we at che hocel carrera , 3 . that 's news to Terry . Davis check the mirror again , frown slightly , then lock to the street , ext . HOTEL carrera the chevrolet halt near the entrance . across the street , a tank be station in front of @ freshly bullet - pock government building . descend , the Young man hurry to che driver 's window . . young man ceurtly ) for the ride . 4nd he head for the hotel without wait for Terry . from he briefcase , Davis remove 4 business card and hand ic to she , davis té need a , feel free to al . my home nuaee 's on che back . terry thank you ... op. she door , she give a little shrug , try to atone for she friend 's discourtesy . but Davis wave ic off with a understanding smile . just then , a tank past . stand up outside che car , Terry watch - es the tank as ic head down the street . as a scuad of surly , tough -lock soldier in riot helmet and cross bandolier march past , Davis lean over , close the passenger door , and pull away . absorb by the soldier , terzy barely notice . oy . HOTEL lobby bitterly apsec and sluster , the Young man exit a phone beeth as terzy approach . young man the telephone be not work here , either ! terry Charlie , why do not you let he drive we home ? charlie ( ycung man ) and hand he where I live on a platter ? come on . Lee 's graba 4 , as she start to follow , 2 loud pierce siren sound outside , signal the starc of the =urfaw . they stop -- and be immediately engélf by civilian stream through the front entrance , look relieved to have make it inside in time . many be journalist and foreign tv crew , noisy , jocular gros at home with the vagary of war . they seem to be enjoy chem - selve immensely . Charlie and tersy realize it 's too late to reach they destination . Charlie gesture dejectadly , one step closer to tear of frustracion a aparehension . charlie T blow ic . I be be idiot ! int . a room in the HOTEL carrera - wight 3 a shirt be drape over che lamp shade . tersy sleap om one of two bed , the other be muss buc empty . Charlie stand ac the window , head press to the glass . he Pov - the STREET 6 aczoss che square , in a brilliancly lic villa surround - ed by a large garden , a party be go on . couple lounge against wrought- iron balcony , other dance or relax on couch , g and laugh . Big shiny gar be park willy - nilly in the drive . Charlie be fascinate by the unreality of che scene . aan army jeep move slowly across the exnty square , fol - low by four sramsport bristle with helnete troops . several balcony couple applaud che convey , a few dancer emerge and join in . other look on in - differently from they surreal haven of safety . int . HOTEL room 7 we hear a rustle of bedclothes as Terry sit up . be you okay ? he gnort gloemily , and sectles into '' chair by a small esk . charl never fale bectar . terry ( deow ily ) hey , come on -- do not dwell on it . charlie I have be think abouc what Ryan say . about the pile of body . . terry hey , come on , Charlie , Beth 's all right . nothing can happen to she . Charlie smile weakly , graceful for the little pep talk . charlie Lord , I hope so ... terry do I a favor , lemme see you smile ... like for real . . Charlie launch a sickly , strain , imication grin . terry ywuch . you look gruesome . he actually mister a flicker of humerous sarcasm and morose comedy as he make a dispizice v-sign : charlie just call I Mr. opeimistic ... buc then they aye meet , full of meual anxiety , and ~ the bluff collapse . charlie God , I wish 1c be morning . then , pick up a pen , he open he notebook . charlie dee the light bug you ? terry not at all . she sectles back down and turn , face the wall . from the party villa , sound of hard rock seep through , rife with rhythm and violence . - terry De you think ie 's smart ... to keep all that note ? instead of answer , Charlie begin to write : " September 16 -- 3:10 a.m . Terry just ask if it 's smart to keep all this note ... " — ext . square across from HOTEL - early morning a last car park and the villa be silent now , close . up , desert . at the end of the empty driveway stand a massive gate . outside the gate look in , Charlie wonder if last night 's party be just a fantasy , suddenly , three snarling doberman tush the fence , leaping angrily against the wire . several feec behind Charlie , Terry jump back nervously . though frighten , he hold he ground , further ancagonize the dog . then a window open and chr h it poke a long gun barrel aim down at chen . one ns terry look ! she turn to run away , but he grab she arm . charlie do not run ! ext . charliz' house - morning streec be fronted with drab , gray apartment building . 4a cab pull up before one of the few privace home -- a_lar @ , weatherbeaten structure set off by 4 rusting om tance . Charlie and Terry leave che cab . anxiously , he unlock the gate , and they start across a sczufty lawn , Charlie in the lead . terzy follow he around the main house and through a scorched garden . as Charlie approach fae house , a duck waddle out and he nearly trip over to : charlie ocop , sorry , duck ... Beth ! bech ... then he and Terry stop . the house be absolutely quiec . charlie Jesus , what if ... terry she must be still asleep . 7 . Charlie approach the house . the frone door open and beth , in jeans and work shirt , fall into he arm , she face radiant with happiness at the sight of hin . she hold he close , hard , with all she strength , as though she want to melt into he . ' then Beth sudden - ly pull back . beth where have you be ? ( blink ) to ... in vina . '' d 3 & ow say you be go ust for the day . in charlie we could not gee back . beth Way do not you call ? charlie ( teasing ) we want to surprise you . bete I have be go nut ! _ charlie there be nothing I could ... terry bech , we ... beth I think something tersible have happen . charlie they close the road . we get crap in vina , Charlie reach cut to cake she in he arm , but she back off , tt do not know pe t cou ss be dead or alive -- you ey Charlie 's voice be extraordinarily cender , like a per - son allay che fear of a child beset by scary dream . 10 charlie . it 's okay . everybody 's safe . ( grin brightly ) I love you . she start to cry . beth T be so worried about you ... Charlie pull she to he . charlie you be worried ? she look at he a moment -- then she anger and tear begin to fade . she turn to Terry , smile -- reach - ing for she . beth oh , Terry ... bech pull she close and they all embrace -- dance around in a circle . beth oh , man ... I be so glad you guy be okay ! they stop . she pull back again ... but this cime the anger be mock , beth . you rata ! live it up at the seaside -- and I 'a lock up aere with a duck ! all three laugh . int . charlie' house - day 10 the cluttere , cheerfully scruffy little place be bad - ly in need of paint and repair . rnick -kaack , poster , and other stuff speak of disorganize yet sincere com - mitment , and youthful energy . no partition divide kitchen area from live reoen , where a large plywood desk be cover with stack papers , and a wide bookcase over Zlow with paperback , rewspaper , pamphlet . Wall poster range from che guevara and unidad popular , to the Beatles , and slogan such as " eat oyster , Love long . " 9 . Terry have she suitcase open on the bed and be pack she thing . Beth help she , : beth : the first I hear of the coup be on the radio . right after be be bombing and explosion thac go on for hour . in the kitchen , Charlie check the radio for '' news station . there be noch but military music . he turn it off . Beth have tell he there be a day - and - night curfew uneil just yesterday . Charlie light gas under a pot of water , and chen pre - pare to make breakfast under the critical eye of the duck perch on a counter . charlie okay , folk . wxyz in downtown proudly present : french chef or a Day ! the tootle a fan - fare in he fist ) feature . oe ( french accent ) Charles ore-mon , and he train ard T dack , gasp he bang through one cupboard after another , and can come up with only one can of cuma fish , half a loaf of bread , and a jar of olive . charlie hey , what have we get to nosh around this here joine besides cockroach , . beth . I be sorzy . I have be afraid to go out . Charlie grab che duck , which quack indignancly , : charlie how about Long Island duckle stuff with peruvian tuna fish and Spanish olive ? he lean over confidentially to the duck : charlie I be just kid , don 'c worry . 10 . Beth appear at the kitchen door . betr do not you dare ! Charlie cut off the spigot and drop the duck into the sink full of wacer . charlie relax ! I would not dream of cooking up the quacker . instead ... and he 's in he element now , play a sort of ribald , tv buffoon : Ie . ... we be gonna have tuna fish a la aceituma ... with a demi-tasse each of Cafe a la ... he 's cut off by a chill burst of gunfire only a few block away . Charlie freeze , instantly sober . then another vo : be follaw by angry shout . the sumy breakfast charade be cover . Beth take Charlie in she er . beth it 's be like that day and night , especially at night . she hold he tighter still . beth ll be very scared . ( whisper into he ear ) and I want you -- terribly . Charly blink at she , not quite with che moment . Terry come close to they . charlie ( co Terry ) Ryan say they be run search and destroy mission . beth Ryan who ? terry a U.S. Army colonel station in vina . 11 . beth the woman next door say they be busting hundred of people every day the teapot whistle . Charlie go back to the kitchen . ra b d teen a body ? have ear om anybody ? what about Frank ? beth nobody . I tell you , I be afraid to go out . charlie I becter go over there this afternoon . beth let I . you take Terry to che aizport . T want co gat we of ere . another burst of gunfire bring then all up short . they wait in flinch attitude for something more horrible . ac length , 3ech speak with deep , fright - ened determination . beth Charlie , I want to go home . he neds -- all right . then pick up he coffee cup and clack it againsc the cup she hold in she hand . charlie L ' chain , . smiling hesitantly , she respond : theiz ritual . beth to lifa . they embrace with full , urgent , relieved affection . eye close , lip against he throat , she whisper gratefully : beth T love you , Charlie horman . terry - would you two like I to take a walk . charlie later . il 12 , Beth give he a playful punch in the gue . beth not too mich later ! . Charlie turn serious again , charlie listen , we see some very upsetting thing in vina ... Beth 's face light up like a child be introduce to a new game . lie take out he notebook . bete be you go to let I read ic , or be you go to cell I ? charlie whichever you prefer . they seam to be play a familiar game . beth you write better than you talk , horman , but I be fond of you voice . charlie so I will read ic to you ... but first we eat . he pull the book back , ouc of she teach . ext . a STREET in the neighborhood - pay il Charlie , Beth and Terry approach a busy intersection . Charlie carry Terry 's suitcase . suddenly he halt . Beth and tarsy stop , too , cumming to follow he gaze . tn the b.g. a stream of military vehicle and patrol canvass the avenue . a squad of heavily - armed soldier g suard the intersec - tion . Beyond they , about cwenty people ara line up at a bus stop . waic . Beth , maybe you better go back . yee y 8 13. beth no , I will be all right . i-pramise . Charlie be tear ... and then grudgingly scart up again . a jeep inch by the bus stop , as though pass the would - be traveler in review . as they resch the stop , a collective taxi arrive and che driver call out he plan destination . beth . ' Avenue picard , ' I think i'1l grab ic . charlie you sure it 's worth the chance ? beth i'm okay . [ ' ll be back by four . lean forward , she whisper something into he ear . he kiss he index fingertip , poine ir at she nese , and fire che love gum . Beth hug Terry . beth call we folk che minute you atrive . tell they we will be hone in a few day . terry iwill . you be careful . Beth wedge inte che already overcrowded taxi . sud - denly , the cruise jeep back up and slam co a halt . taree soldier jump out and start coward th chare lie and T. gird themselves : Beth seem saady to hop we of the taxi , but Charlie make a discreet sign for she to stay put . shout threat in Spanish , the soldiez pounce on two woman and slash they slack with icive . terry what be they say ? charlie ' from now om , woman in this comery wear dress ! ' the soldier swagger back to they jeep , wave ac the collective to move on . Charlie be momentarily para - lyze by the vielence . then a bus pull up , terzy nudge hig arm , and chey board ic . 12 13 14 . int . / ext . the bus - day 12 ag it turn right , Charlie and Terry see the body of a young man sprawle in the road . . terry ok my God ... other passenger give no indication they have all just een a corpse . charlie ( inevedulous ) that guy be dead . terry I know ... shock by the other passenger ' harden face , char - lia say with perturb , unhappy awe : - . charlie I have never see a dead person before ... ext . a MAIN square downtown - day 13 bullet casing and break glass everywhere . Soldiers accost cara ena pedestrian at will , [ 's 's obviously a violent , very dangerous place to be right now . a bus stop . Charlie and Terry debark and starz up a si . most pedestrian walk with eye glue co che ground , as though indifferent to the surroundings . but soon hh we catch the rapid , furtive peek they steal , the quick evaluation of che '' eneny . Charlie and Terry wait for traffic co clear . a colo -. nel 's command car speed past , klaxon wailing . wich grow despair Charlie watch the car . ie speak with bewilder , ourcragad sorrow over tha face that he dream be go down in flame . charlie look at this . when we firsc gec here , it be the most hepeful place on earth . terry you get to be kid . charlie I be serious . it fale like a wanle new kind of world be be bam ... 6 we . Charlie look both way , then point : charlie branizf 's over there . as they start toward che airline office , Charlie see a newspaper kiosk , stop , and give Terry she bag . charlie wait asec . I want to get a Paper . Charlie cake he place in line , back co Terry . in the b.g. we see two soldier arrive , motion with they rifle for she to pick up the bag and walk ahead of chi Charlie reach the kiosk juse as the man in front pur - chase the last paper . groen , he turn and see T be march off . his face contorcs anxiously . should he run after she ... or shout for help ? instead , he follow at a distance as they cros : the square , en - tering a large neighborhood laundry . Charlie hesitatas , screwing he courage , then pur - posefully stride straight for the laundey , int . / ext . laundry - day 4 ' the soldier lead Terry to a fiercely stem officer seat behind a counter . the Officer peer over he dark glass -- firsc at Terry , then at he bag . he motion for she to open we . in the b.g. , Charlie approach che door . a soldier bar the way . he start explain chat he 's with the woman inside , impatiently , the officar motion again , but Terry be rigid with fear . so one of she captor press he witle mozzle to she lefe ear . thug you ed , tersy scrug - gle awkwardly to open che bag . the Officer inspect its content , chen remove she passport , hamding it to a soldier behind he , who begin check ic againse a mimeo list . the Officer then gesture for Terry to finish unpack . as she comply , Charlie be march up . the Officer jab a stiff finger through she belonging , then gesture for she to sane the soldier hand ‘her passport back to the Officer . he retum ic to Terry . tension lessen ... a trifle . pile of laundry lie about . 16 . in one corner , a sheet be drape over a human form . just above the body , around chest height , a half dozen blood - ringed crater mar the wall . Terry 's eye pivot from the corpse to the Officer .. he nod at the suitcase . officer where be you go with that ? charlie she 's 2 tourist . leave che country today . officer the airport be close . ( then he dismiss they curtly ) you may go . Charlie grab the beg and they split . scun by the horror , Terry be draw to look back . bue with he eye Charlie warn she fiercely : do not lock back ! int . U.S. embassy administration office - day 15 the large impersonal space be dominate by a " embassy - size " portrait of Richard Nixon , look quite fraz - zle , lie and Terry pass a unattend reception desk , head : for a switchboard operator , the yo tan be muscular , craweut , clear - eyad and borad scif ?. Charlie try to make he voice normal , friendly , everyday . charlie Excuse I . could we speak to Mrs. tipsen ? the operaror plug in a cord below a flash light . operator ( without look up ) nobody kere by thac name . charlie ( struggle to be polite ) then could we speak with whoever 's in charge of help american cicizen leave the country ? operator that 's not we job . you will have to talk wich someone at the Consulate . 17 , in the b.g. a woman stand in a office doorway , eavesdropp . she 's fiftyish , professionally calm , with see - it - all eye . . terry they tell we the Consulate be close because of gunfire . operator that 's news to I . terry do you know if -- operator — no , mar 'am . [ certainly do n'c . tc 's lunchtime . everybody 's go , end of conversation . Charlie stare disbelievingly for a beat , then cake Terry 's arm and stare away . charlie ( bitterly ) yessir , folk . here we be , right in the heart of downtown compassionland ! the Operator look up and discover the eavesdropp woman . he turn coward Terry . . operator Lady ! they stop . Terry look back , operator . there 's a braniff office in the text square over . they will be che first to get word when the border reopen , charlie Three guess who senc we over here , : operator do not get hostile , pal . terry hey , ' pal 's -- we be Americans . and this be suppose to be we g0 - call embassy , operator so send a calegram to the presidenc . 16 17 18 . int . embassy stairwell - day . 16 as Charlie and Terry descend coward the street , the eavesdropp woman catch up to they , fall into step . woman Excuse I , my name be kate reese . I be a freelance reporter out of New York . : charlie ( humorous , and ne commenc , we do not insulc bin . Te be just a friendly misunderstanding . reese ( woman ) t£ I be you , I would go back there after lunch ... demand to see the ambassador , the Consulate 's a mile away , and che street right now be murder . Charlie stop near the bottom of the stair , and turn to reese : charlie ' miss reese , cam I ask you a big favor ? though a trifle takan aback , she nod . charlie would you lat I borrow chac . newspaper ? ext . a outdoor restaurant - day 17 the cafe be pack with @ lunchtime crowd . Charlie , Terry , and reese ara at a streetside table , the though - roughiy-read rewspape crinkle before Charlie . caught in mid-conversation , they share a obvious vapport . charlie ... they tell I in vina that the military here be execute thousand of people . ' reese 's eye flash over the trearby table . she lock back to Charlie and she voice drop a few decibel . ( low ) when vere you in vina ? 19 . charlie we just get back yesterday . and you want to hear something funny ? we hotel be crawl with american officer . t£t I would j fi be '' I would juse forger about that Charlie 's not quite sure what " that " mean . suddenly , a commotion . a table overturn , dish splinter . two large man in cheap black suit struggle th a elderly gentleman and he lady , they nanhandle the man forward , steering he through the cable , knock customer and waiter aside . the woman fol - low , beseech someone to intervene . without think , Charlie jump up and hurry , ac a angle between table , to propel himself in front of they . not belligerancly , nor like a here , but actu - ally scared to death , he life one hand . charlie hey , just a minute -- weack ! the lead man deliver a forearm blow , knock - ing Charlie off balance . he bump against a chair , and fall down in a sit position , his attacker move to follow up , when che other man snap : man americano ! dejalo ! vamonos ! with a sneer , the first man lunge back to the centle - man , and resume hustling hin off . Arc the curb , che gorilla force they prisoner into a wait sedan , jump in atter hin , and start away . but the woman hurl herself against a fender . so che car brake , another goon emerge , grab she , and throw she inside . then they be go . both Terry and reese have rush over . other patron stare at he as he stagger up . . terry Jesus -- be you all right ? reese what in God 's name make you do that ? Charlie be literally gasp from fear , adrenalin , shock . he be also almost cry . charlie I do not know ... they be create that old man so ... so ... 20 , Charlie plop into he chair , flushed , and panicked because he he just do 2 very stupid thing . reese check the table around chen . 's reese ( almost conspira - torial . tf L be you , I would forgee about that , and abour vina . find a safe place -- a hotel -~ with a lot of people around . jusc hole up until you can get cut of here . Charlie and Te : exchange significant glance . then he turn back to reese we who 's talk 's away , charlie hey ... no acknowledgement . reese keep go , terry so now wnat do we do ? charlie ( giggle nervousiy ) T duane ... op back ten yard and punt ? then he think for a moment . charlie actually . she 's right . you better of to the hotel grab a room or Beth and I , too . I will go home gat fetch she . we will meet you back ere . rising , he trias to ignore the stare patron . they exit onto the sidewalk before the cafe , where he hand over the suitcase . charlie ( he try to be Light ) go directly to the hotel . do not pass '' 0 . De not collect two undre dollar . they kiss cheek , and he depart . terry Charlie ... charlie what ? terry be extra careful . 18 ug 21 . ( seill t he st the be cheerval hey , do not worry . they can not hurt we ... he snap to attention , and adopt a LBJ accent that come off curiously touch because of the fright still on he feature . he 's like a little kid try to be brave . : charlie ++» we have amurrican . int , a house - bedroom - day 18 the room reflect a strong masculine decor . a tearful pragnanc girl be huddle on the edge of a bed . bech sit beside she , one hand around she shoulder . stand - ing nearby be a tall beautiful young woman . beth come om , Maria . you get to have faith . he will be okay , young woman ( Spanish ) you have to be strong . think of you baby ... marta . ( despairingly ) yo se@ que van a matarla . ( I know they be go to kill hin . ) 3eth no , they will not . noe Enrique . he -- at the name , Maria come unglue , wail in 3ech 's arm . _ maria yo se que van a matarle ! the ocher woman speak to bech in Spanish : young woman I will take care of she , Beth back out , terribly pain for the girl . ' ext . the house - terrace - Day 19 the stone terrace jut off the sida of a large , ornate house . two young american men be stand on the ter - vtace . one be short , wich eyeglass , a studious gaze . 22 , the other be thin , blond , amiable . emerging from the '' house , Beth cross to then . thin man how 's she do ? beth pia 's try to calm she dow , what happen to Enrique , Frank ? frank what 's happen : to everybody ? with iuce 's maye he get into a embassy . thin man -:. of somebody accidentally blow he brain we . beth David , what about silvie ? david ( thin man ) he 's okay . but cleo ' disappear , ' that hurt , Beth exhales slowly : bete shit . frank all of a sudden , this city be like a free Fire Zone . they be aven shoot people just for be left-handed . th . beth @ you guy be not go to sod * azound auch longe , 8 Frank have be pace . he plunk down tiredly in a chaiz . frank T can not believe it . this last two year have be the best year of my life . and then all of a sudden ... he glance up , grief -stricken , almost tearful . . david the party 's over , frank Te be not a party . fc be a real effort to change this society , after a brief , sorrowful qsiet , Beth speak : 20 23 , beth ( check she watch ) I be sorry , but fe 's late , 1 better splic . david db you sure you want to and beat the curgen ? =y beth ihave to . Charlie 's wait . e@ you will call when we all get back to the stare ? David give she back a big squeeze . david t'll use the phone booth on the corner of West Broadway and Prince . then Beth go to Frank , who rise , give she a fare - well embrace . beth I be sorry , Frank . I wish -- ( sad , ) sad , poignant in a week we’ to all be play chess in Washington Square . betr be careful , please . we be closeup on Frank 's extraordinarily hurt face as he pat bech teassuringly . frank 4w , come on . who would want to hurt a nice italian boychik like I ? ext . a traffic -snarled intersection - approaching dusk 20 Beth try in vain to hail a taxi . cab after cab go by -- some empty , some full -- but none willing to stop . one finally brake , however . ( quardediy ) edly 's . pa'onde va usted ? '' beth vicuna mexenna . - no deal . the taxi screech away . Beth check she watch , then glance across the street at a bus scop , where anxious people be milling . she consider the time again . her from deepen as she cross over and join che crowd . 21 22 24 , a pack bus coma into view , but despite frantic ges - ture from people at the stop , it zoom by . than yet another bus , overload with passenger cling - ing to the door and window , hurtle past . people panic . several rush away . some begin to run . Beth hesitaces , chen head up the avenue , stride quickly through lengthen shadow . avenue 21 grateful for the relief , small knot of soldier station at each corner ogle bech almost harmlessly as she pass . - she approach a shopping district as the last store close . many fawer people be on the street . normal city sound have vanish . soon Beth 's own footstep be all she 's aware of . she step off the curb , frantically ask a approach - ing car to stop . buc it swerve recklessly around she . back on the curd , bech be seriously shake . 4 tree-line boulevard loom . several people scurry across it toward shelter . then , without warning , tha sum set and darkness seal the ciey . the raucous of a loudspeaker on a army truck rumbling down the avenue announce the impending curfaw . Beth freeze . a army car slow up directly across the boulevard , somebody shout be order . rifles aim in she direction . bech whirl , diving into a open doorway in the dark , dirty vestibule of 2 tanemant . int . vestibule - night : 22 she peek out as the army car depart . then a lighe sap on overhead , a door cpen , 2 man speak grutfly : man ( Spanish ) what do you want ? beth ( Spanish ) the curfew ... I ... please ... terror have damage she Spanish , exaggerate the ac - send . the very tall man wfold bit-by-bic through the doorway and stare at she . 23 24 25 26 25 . man get out ! no foreigner here ! Beth retreat onto the street . ' ext , STREET - night 23 shout a final oath , the man slam the door . the . boulevard be cotally desert . Beth strike out again , hugging building wall . ext . boulevard - night 24 headlights , sweeping across a ring of shadow cast by a army truck , illuminace two spraul corpse . Beth tum in the oppesita direction . rouding 2 corner , she draw up short , utterly amaze . a white horse be gallop che squard , chase by a jeep full of soldtar G tracer bullet amd shouting happily at the animal 's panic . . bech duck behind a outdoor staizcase as che jeep jounce by . then shewile exhaustadly onto che pave - ment and close she eye , huddle ep into herself , knee cupping she chin -- shocked , fearful , cold . ext . boulevard - later that night ' 25 Beth be jolred awake by sporadic gisfire -- some of it near , some distance . sictin up , she squint into the clear nighc , strain to listen -- and catch stray word from a family conversation , snatch of music . she be hearten briefly . Far across che square , bonfire smoke and flame rail into che mid - night sky . Beth focus on the soldier feed the flame . and abrupely realize they be burn book . she be appal ... chen tightly squeeze shut er eye . ext . square - first light 26 Dawn flicker into the unnaturally still city whose street be traverse only by pack of aimless , starv - ing dog . with a sad curiosicy , a haizy mongrel sniff at bech . she awaken , startlad , and the dog exce off . a distant clock strike 6 a.m . om the sixth stroke , as though couch by a magic wand , the street come alive . '' Beth stagger acti. fly ereet and lino across the square . 27 28 26 . ext . charle ' house ~ morning 27 4 taxi discharge Beth . as she unlock the front gate , some 's catch she eye . scoop , she pick up two sheet of paper cover with Charlie 's careful spencerian script . then she find a book ... eye narrow - ing , she hurry toward the house . the front door be ajax . Beth push it open and stop . int , the house - morning 28 a total shamble . Charlie 's desk be upend . book , papers ; knick -lmack be strewn around . cushion have een rip open -- cotton stuff lie everywhere . drawer be dumped out , closec overtume . she can not comprehend this savage ness . then 2 man speak from behind she . Excuse I ... zombie-like , bath pivor to face a tall somber gencleman . man last night soldier come bere several cime . beth where 's my husband ? man I do not kmow . buc you must go now . before the soldier recazn . he depart through the garden . Beth epem she touch as if to call he back , but pain and aseomishment have vrenderad she speechlass . dazedly , limb operate stiffly as in a bad dream , Beth fan further into she house , and say he name fear - beth Charlie ...? on she way she pluck up a Polaroid suapshoc of Charlie ' balanced comically on ome foot cn a sea wall in fronc of a beach . look up , she search the room for trace of he real sel ' , finally , in the bathroom , bech settles gingerly onco che edge of che toilac and calis back chrowgh the ramshackle dwelling in a passionata , terrify , wey fragile whisper : 27 . : beth 29 int , a office - day 29 we axe closeup on a tired man be face . neatly , con - servatively dress , he 's in he early fifty -- sharp grey eye , thinning hair , weary frown . a second man speak . - second man ( v.0 . ) you have be in touch with we embassy down there ? man several time . I have talk with a Mr. shaffer . hy pink -face , cherubic gentleman with angelic white air : : second man 4nd ...? man all they know be that my son be ' miss , 's Senator . senator have you be to State ? '' ( wearily ) I have try , sir , different pecple . you 'ra the first person whe would see mar . senator I urge you to get to they , Mr. horman . horman I be try . scene widen , revealing a large executive suite . the senator preside behind a long desk . horman and a woman assistant sit opposite . senator how do you son earn a live ? rorman ( uncomfortable , enxbartassad ) frankly , I be nec ... 28 . horman it guess he 's a writer . or anyway , he say he want to be ~ awriter ... and he 's be travel -- ' horman repeat the reason give by he son but it 's obvious he do not share then . hrorman o- to discover the world , instead of see it through the ... the not the Senator understand the problem of father and do not push the point . senator the impcreant talag right acw { ry ertant ec now be to help he . - tiene sound . the Senator lift he eye co a bliakiag tt . senator woop ... look like a quorum call on the floor . borman neds understandingly , and rise . senator I will cable the ambassador , personally . the Senator circle he dask and they start for che door togecher , che assistant follow . horman thank you , siz . my wife and I ave very worried , as you can imagine . senator do not be worried , Mr. horman . they wouldn' dare harm a american citizen . he stop and turn to the Assistant . senator make up a list of ftiand on the hill and inereduce me. herman to they . ( to horman ) ambassador be very sensitive about they image in Washington . 30 31 29 . senator nothing move they more than 4 pouch full of cable from 's here . horman shake he hand with gratitude . int . waiting room - day 30 borman stand at a window , wait . a thin , bespecta - cle young man hover beside hin . borman we meet he once in New York , at the third Church of Christian seience . but I doubt he will az . young man oh , you have a Christian scientist , too ? and you son ...? horman well , you know how young people be ... young man of course . would you excuse I ? he cross the room , enter a office . another angle 31 gazing out the window onto peaceful street and lawn , horman be suddenly disturb by unpleasant , guile - ride memory . the Young man reappear beside a older man , who step up to horman : they shake hand . man t chink we have mac before , haven 'c we ? . horman yes , we do , Congressman . congressman weuld you mind if we talk while walk ? horman not at all , Congressman . they start we of the wait room . 30 . 32 int . a hallway in the congressional office build - 32 Day horman and the Congressman stride down the hall , fol - low by the Young man and a young woman . young man they chink he 's hide . congressman why ? young woman political reason . young man they think he will surface soon as thing calm down . halting at 2 meeting room door , the Congressman face horman guardedly . congressman what be he policics ? horman liberal , I suppose . congressman liberal , or radical ? horman sit , my son be too wishy - washy to be a radical . congressman you be sure ? horman ( miff ) what differance do it make ? congressman it do not ... of course . you say percy and abzug be send cable ? rorman they promise to . so do javit , magnuson -- koch , abzug and xam , too . the Congressman nod he head . horman be you send one ? 33 31 . congressman I be certainly go to consider it . with he assistant , he step through the door . congressman good luck . and God bless ! Rorman be leave alone in a empty hallway distinguished by close door and remote , hostile echoe . int . a conference room - day 33 ° across a table from horman sit a womm . a old man doadle on a pad . man ( metious , reassuricg ) we embassy pecple have investigate and find no sign of you sq . neicher they , nor the milircary government , know where he be . borman present a newspaper clipping . horman the New York Times say : he 's be arrest . older man that 's what you daughter - in- law tell the press . horman Ave you say she invent the story ? older man would you call she a stable person ? he have a roguish smile . older man she be pester the embassy people ; they tell I . horman ( bear ) terty Simon , a friend on vacation who be strand by the coup , confirm everything deth cold not . woman the arrest Americans have ail be freed thanks co we embassy 's effort . 34 35 32 . woman ( refer to folder ) the last two --. teruggi and holloway -- be release . teruggi take off without even thanking the embassy . older man Mr. horman , it 's go to cake a little time to straighten this out . what I suggest you do be go back up to New York , relax , jose lec we take care of ic . hold om horman realize he chain be be jerk for the umpteenth time ... int . new york apartment - night 34 elizabeth horman , a vital fiftyish womm , pour she husband coffee . they apartment be middle - class , wu- pretentious , safa . horman inspect a open file folder of newspaper article . : horman I show the clipping . he imply Beth be lie . elizabeth I always trust she instincs better than my own . borman you always give they both che benefit of the doubt . she touch he hand gently . elizabeth I didm ' 's ' give ' it , Ed . they earn it . horman I wish I could see it you way . ext./ int . aibport - day 35 . aise taxi 0.5 . -- then move ivto fre and begin ling ic . 4 long corridor lead co the terminal . on one side be a chaotic noisy queue of depart passmger . on the other side be a dozen arzive passenger , no more . one be Ed horman . 36 33 . heavily - armad soldier block the termiml end of the corridor . as horman reach they , che sldier point with they gun , indicate the custom area . int . custom area - day 36 horman wait at a counter . a custom ispector point at he briefcase . Ed open it , and the Inspector poke through the content , lift outa book . he id it up : what 's this ? borman Bible . the Inspector frown , and motion to a wearby Army captain , who take the bock , then give horman the seme what {is it ? glower . horman it 's a Bible . the Captain shake he head : this be of Bible to he . horman my " Bible ' -- Christian sciaere . the Captain gesture " gimme " to the custom man . captain pasaporta . the man hand over horman 's passport . the Officer check che name , then curn , nodd to someone 0.5 . responding to the nod , a call , seersucter man with a pleasant expression , head for the comter . man me. horman ... I be Fred purdy , the american consul here ... rorman ( pleased and relieved hello . [ c 's real good to meat you , sir . they shake . the capcain return the passport and brief - case , then salute dy and retire . take charge of horman 's suitcase , purdy start to lead they out ° 's there . horman have you any news ? on | 37 ~~ 38 ~~ 34 , purdy no -- but I think we be on cop of the situatia : . . at a airline counter there 's a disturbance . waving be official document , a young woman , flanke by two cower - ing kid , argue in strident Spanish with a clerk . ext . atrport gate - day 37 two american m - 60 tank guard the road into the air - ort complex . behind barb wire , soldier be dig to gum emplacement bristle with recoilless cannon and machine gun . . 4 chauffeur- drive blue buick sedan with U.S. State Department plate waic . eorman be look overwhelm by the milicary prasence . borman you would chink a war be go on . purdy one be , sort of . borman - I though the coup be over . purdy Te be . but there 's still problem . the chauffeur open the door . purdy the ambassador can see you at three , today ... if that 's okay ? borman Fine . the sconer the bectar . he gecs in , glance cutside again , then smort incredu - lously . rman you sure pick a cheerful little country to live in , do not you ? ext . HOTEL carrera - day 38 tne Consulate car drive coward the hotal . here , too , there be a heavy military presence . 39 begin wmpack . 35 . purdy ( poince to the hotel ) ... it 's one of the best and you will be safer there than other place : the car pull up before the hotel . Beth wait in on the sidewalk , have she back to the car . wearing a crumpled cotton dress that be badly in need of irone , she hair askew , she look awful . horman get out of the car and stand still flood by a multitude of feeling . bech turn around and see Ed . she throw herself into anprepare == then chey amseace cancacively , ' copise , aze -- then ace tentat . , to emote warmth , but eutarcass and awicuard . the intimacy ummerve they both , and chey break it swiftly . beth . I be sorty I could not meet the plane . I have be try to see a tan -- Major prieto -- and this morning be the only time he ... she be a little bic hysterical , incoherent in she rush £ 0 gec thing cuc . Ed be slightly annoyed . he be tired . horman not so fast , please . lat 's go upstairs . Beth raise she aye and suddenly notice purdy . de greet she warmly . Beth answer coldly . her hosceilicy be aot lose on horman . : purdy I will pick you up at cwo . the car with purdy leave . int . horman be room - day . 39 a bellhop obsequiously sweep back the dzape , crack open the window , gesture at the bathroom -- then accept he tip from horman and exit , bow . horman swing he suitcase onto the bed , click it open , beth bow be the crip ? ho ! a veal delighc . | shirt in a drawer . 36 . he hang a suit in the closet . bete how be Elizabeth ? horman how do you suppose ? beth --. it 's not my faule , Ed . horman nobody say ic be . he continue unpack . beth do you find out anything more in Washington ? horman no . but purdy sound like che situation down here be pretty well in hand . she snort scornfully . , horman you do not agrae ? bete I do not expect a whole hell of a lot from any of chem any more . way ? horman beth Ed , he 's be miss for cwo week , now , and all they have do be sit down thera on they fat bureaueratic ass and -- borman I do not want to hear any of you anti-establishment paranoia . I get enough of chac from he . he cross over to a dresser and begin place he horman tf he would settle down where he belong , this never would have happen . Beth 's fight back a tear . he frown . 37 . horman please do not do that ! he cross back to the bed and continue mpack . Beth stand there , hurt and fragile . hesneak a glance at she -- he mood soften , he don ' of I will fina yo t worry <- - [ ' hin . he open he briefcase , tak . ous package of soap , shampoo and toothpaste . fe betas they ome to she . horman I remember Charles write chat they be hard to get here . beth Net any more -- be take a gift - wrap box in the briefmse . horman his mocher send he some fudge ee raise one hand , unable to walk over mo couch ner fragile - look shoulder , or soothe she hurt . instead , he check he watch . horman uh ... listen . why do not ydu 3 freshen up ? we have only get be hour . all righe . horman by the way -- where 's Terry ? beth ac braniff , pick up she cticmt . . horman when 's she leave ? beth tomorrow . horman how be she ? beth she 's fine , Ed . and so be L. go . horman blink wncomfortably . go to a window , he gaze down , disturb by they reuicon 38 . sell at the window , he hear 2 soft zap on the open door . bech be stand there , dress in a suit , hair comb , look fresher , but still cambegone . d awkwardly attempt to lighten the mod , she give a funny lictle two step , and jokingly amounce herself : beth ta-daa . but he do not bite . horman Beth . before we start , I amt to ask you 2 question . and I meed you to answer I absolutely trackhfully . she wait . 5 ) what do he do ? beth . buh ? wha id ching do chaty do ts that sould gec he arrest ... or force he into hide ? bech be take aback by the accusation horman sometimes fr yonder if you or elie can anything exespc aake tdealtacic seeeches aad wrice book that be never publish . or be this whole disappear act ust @ stunt to publicizea grethcome autobiography '' do n'c know about ?! ey seth ( ley calm ) tf you do not believe I , wey de ' ’c you go back to New York ? I can find my husband all by nysalf ... Beth recoil , then try to gear for mother epithet -- - bus what 's che use ? instead , she stalk over to the horman T still want a answer to thar question , Beth . 41 39 . beth ( very sarcastic ) ++. he be building bomb to he up the junta . . horman collect he briefcase and surge mte the door . beth Ed , whether you know it or nor ,he 's @ very talented writer ! eorman let 's go . hurry up or we will the late . ext . american embassy - day 40 purdy 's buick pull up before a enormam mansion , surround by a park -size garden . the qnsul , docman and Beth leave the car and ascend che sam . int . a embassy ballroom - day 41 re big elegant room be normally reservel for stace tion . stand before the furnitum , horman have just be ineroduce to 2 polished , dderly horman my pleasure , Mr. ambassador . , ambassador mine too , siz . he nod courteously ac bech . ambassador mes. horman . how ara you today ? bete I be fine , of course . nearby , Captain Davis be dress in a dah civilian suit . ambassador me. horman ... Captain Davis , om senior military Group Officer ... he gesture at another man , in the uifoca of a U.S. Army Colonel . 40 . ambassador Colonel hon , we Defense attache . horman shake they hand . everybody settlas into chair . as Davis sit down , he eye lock on Beth 's . they exchange cryptic glancas -- hers datk , unsmile ; he vaguely akin to a leer . purdy open a file folder . purdy ( to ambassador ) shall I review ? ambassador ( to _ horman ) but sirse I want to exprass we deep concern over you son 's disappearance . horman thank you , mx. ambassador . ambassador T assure you , every element at we disposal have be and will continue to be utilize to facilitate he safe yes . return . borman that 's exactly what I have hope to hear . ambassador go ahead , consul purdy . purdy scan a mimeo would file folder sheet , and clear he throat . purdy siz , we have conduct a extensive iovescigacion . Captain Davis and he staff have interview several resident in the area where you son be last see . Colonel hon have be in contact with the milicary and police authority . he stop , horman wait . purdy but after analyze all che data , we still come to the conclusion that he misc be in hide . bet from what ? 4l . ambassador that 's a valid question , Mrs. Homan . and one we would also like the answer to . beth we have be through this a hindm time . ( to Davis ) you know damn well he 's not hide . we whole neighborheed see a gam squad pick he up . davis the military swear they have nox get hin pi €eo horman ) T have be to the carabinero station and the departmenc of investigation . I even enter the National statfiun . he 's just plain noc in they custody . ambassador so you see , Mr. horman , the hide theory seem to be the most viale . at lease for the present . beth tkat 's dumb . if he be hide , he would contact I to say he be okay . hon pe be he can not . there 's bea lot of civilian casualty . ' beth ( low ) no shit , Dick Tracy . horman nail she with a angry frown . ' thm , after 2 moment of think , he start to speak -- sut stop . ambassador go on , please . horman shake he head , feel he 's probebly wrong . I 4 ap if he have be juse think ... a be injure , he might be in a coma or something . or he could be suffer from amesia . . everyone but bech weigh che suggestion . horman have you check the hospical ? 42 . purdy some of they , yes . : ambassador . why not all of then ? purdy Te 's not easy right now , to enter the hospital and -- bete translated , he mean you could break : ies trip over all the maim ody . 4n ugly pause . uncomfortably , purdy close the file . purdy the only thing we know for sure be where he be not . Davis lean forward . davis I may have some further news after tonight . I be have dinner with Admiral huidobro . bet oh God , Ray , not that again , have not you see he yet ? she cur , mutter angrily . horman , purdy and the ambassador be mote surprised by the familiarity of she tone than by she anger . hon seem unperturb . davis this people be very busy tight now , beth I will bet they ara . davis by the way , bech , whare 's chat list T ask for ? horman what list ? davis I would like a list of Charles ' friend . so that we could extend we investigation . horman T will see thar you gee ic . 43 . Beth glance sharply at horman : he miss it . horman ( to Beth ) do not you tell I two of he friend be call by milicazy incelligence after he be suppose to have be arrest ? beth lo yes . and they boch call the Consulate . ambassador what telephone call ? purdy it be not aware of any . beth : trac 's a lie . I see the note on both call the day shaffer show I you file card . purdy backtrack hastily , transparently . purdy as a matter of fact ... yes . I think I do remember . ambassador why doe not you check that out some time in the next couple of day and we will meee again to take stock of che situation . bete Way can not he do ic right now ? horman Beth , this ching take time ... beth maybe Charlie doesn 'c have thar much time . ambassador let 's check on they tight now . p all right , sir . . warenge be open door they hear a burst gf automatic weapon FIRE . horman flinch , but nobody else react . another burst follow ... and another . Zon teaches behind he and casually shut che door , blotting we the gunfire . 42 ext . front of embassy - late afternoon 42 horman , Beth , and purdy come down the walk coward the driveway . in the b.g. purdy 's chauffeure buick be park near the front gate . purdy ++. and if you need anything else , just let I or Captain Davis know and we will arrange it . eorman Fine . and i'll get that list for he tomorrow . ( } mutter : not from I you go not . she stalk off a few pace . horman glower at she , then shake he head , apologiz : the purdy for she . they shake hand . lontze wv forman thank you again , consul purdy . pi just call mar Fred . rorman thanks , Fred . the buick arrive , and purdy start back toward the embassy with a final wave . scowl , horman walk over to bech . . horman what 's the matter with you ? why do you act '' so rude in chera ? beth ( snort ) Jesus Christ ... horman do you have to swear all the time ? he place he neatly - irone shirt carefully in a drawer . bet ( sulleniy ) T be sorry . 1 really don 'c mean to offend you ... 43 45 , horman okay -~- why be n'e you cooperace with they ? beth ( flatly ) because , Ed , I be sick and cize of be fuck over by this pacple . the Driver open the door and Beth get in . ornan stand there , while she line sink in . D ( to horman ) the hotel ? horman what ? ah , yes ... thanks ... he climb into the car . exi . a seaside resort - lar afterncos 43 4 wide promenade overlook the sea . Charlie ceecar precartously along the narrow top of a seawall . Terry 's voice call : terry ( 0.s. ) hold it right there , mister . Charlie freeze on one foct . a polaroid shutter click , capture the picture Beth find earlier in she des - troyed house . then Charlie take one step , lose bis balance , and tumble off the seawall out of sight . the camera rush forward , lean over the wall , and there 's Charlie , contort grotesquely in 4 sandbank five foot below , grinniag mischievously and poince a finger at we . charlie getcha ! ( laugh ) * you numbskull ! he pop up , nab a rock from the sand , and go into a convo uted , slightly comical baseball pitcher 's windup , then wing the stone toward the sea . next , he vaule the wall , brush sand fron he sean . and check he watch . 46 . charlie hey , we better split . the lase bus be at six . Race you downtown ! they take off , - Charlie have a weird way of run , all flopping arm and leg -- but he can motor . ext . bus station - dusk 46 Terry and Charlie stand outside a cement block building under a peel " bus " sign . a man behind a window counter shake he head . Charlie groan . charlie good news , everybody ! what 's 2 wrong charlie the trucker be on strike , and chay block the road . terry . great ! how do we get back ? charlie we do not ... ( to man , in Spanish ) when do che train leave ? man manana . a las diaz . . charlie with 1 xe a ara ghe 1 ith luck , 2 train might leave tomorrow at ten . terry 4nd in the meantime ? ee dig into a pocket , count he money carefully . charlie ( a la slim picken ) ah reckon wa better find ah hotel , Annie . ' Terry slip she be mock - coquettishly through he , and toll ecstatic eye to heaven : terry oh my gosh . a illicic might in a romantic port . 45 47 . he kick up one foot behind and across himself , whack - ing she butt . and they head off into che lovely dusk . int . HOTEL room - morning to 45 Charlie sleep on one bed , Terry on the other . all be still -- then we hear a SOUND from outside , a low dull " whump - whump " that build and build uncil it rattle the glass of they terrace door . Charlie awaken abruptly . Terry roll over , and chey question each other . Charlie jum up , open the terrace door . the SOUND crash intc the roca . Three military helicopter hover close by , machine gunner crouch in the door . Charlie step cutside , buffete by the rotor wash , and lock down over che railing . Army vehicle clog the boulevard chat parallel the seawall . T. rumble by . wrapped in a sheet , Terry start out , but ... -.. Charlie hes she back inside , then reencer hin - self , struggle to close the door , chen face she , wide - eye : charlie rely shic !... horman' voice that be the morning the coup start ? terry's voice you better believe ic . ext . a dine terrace - sunset 46 horman , tarry , and bech tarry over aftar-dinner coffae . a formal string quartet perform mozart on a small b.g. bandstand . the soft ambiance be occasionally puncture by sound of distant gunfire . terry the 24 - hour curfew have shut everyt ! down . the phone be out , and rlie freak because he sould not reach Beth . rorman so you stay on at the hotel ? beth and that 's when you meet creter ? terry no . him we meet the next morning . 47 ext . vina HOTEL porch -. morning 47 seat at a table litter with the remain of a sump - " suous breakfast , be a middle - age slightly overweight man and a di '' red-haire woman . a newspaper lies beside the man 's place . Charlie approach they table . ( Spanish ) May I borrow that paper if you be through ? the man isok up and laugh . man you would de better to ask in English . charlize ( pleased ) hey , you be american ! that 's right . . charlie Tourist ? man not exactly . charlie what be you do down here ? man I be with the navy . we come dow to do a job and it 's do . : Charlie beckon Terry . the man offer he hand to Charlie . John creter . charlie cnarlie horman ... and this be my friend , Terry Simon . creter enjoin they co sit down . charlie where be you from ? 43 49 . creter my home base be Panama . charlie - you say you be in the navy ? creter retired . I be juste on special assignment . charlie what 's it like in Panama ? creter very nice . wink ) good place to keep a eye on Latin America . the redhead catch crecer 's eye -- she nod coward che hotel . he swivel and see a tall man in a U.S. Amy Colonel 's uniform . crater wave , that 's my man from milgroup , what 's milgroup ? the U.S. mdlicary geoup . they Naval headquarters be here . crater pass Charlie the newspaper . he get up . enjoy tha p er. though i'n aizaid chere 's not much news in they join che Colonel , and disappear . I remember Charlie guy that 's incredible -- I can not believe he say all chat to we ! 's ext . roof terrace ( carrera HOTEL ) 48 terry that 's when he decide co start take note . horman about what ? ~~ 50 . beth do not you hear what she just say ? all that american officer in vina be obviously involved in the coup . horman do you really think so , Terry ? beth wait e minute . why will not you believe I when I say something ? horman ( very quickly ) becausa you be Charlie 's wife and that color you perception . beth ' - well , you be he dam father , and that seem to twist all you perception , too ! i : terry wait a minute , whoa , you guy ! beth well dammit , Ed , you juste don'c have Charlie or I enough credit or intelligent , caring sensibility ! head bow , rub he aye , horman say nothing . they be all poope , nobody want to argue . eventually , then , Ed get chem back on the track . borman how do you finally gec back : terry Ray Davis drive we . to Terry ) . oh , by the way , guess who 's havin : dinner with Admiral huidobro tonighe ? terry and you mean he do not invite we ? how devastating . beth deo you believe that guy ? terry on T will bec he ask for the lise again . 49 50 $l . beth my gosh -- you aust be claisvoyane ! horman study the two woman , , rorman how do you know Davis so well ? Beth hesitates . no doubt he will interpret what 's come incorrectly : so Terry begin . terry we contact he when Charlie first disappear . : beth he say huidobro be come to dimmer at he house and it mighe be good if wa come , toc ... so we. could calk to hin . terry naturally , we go . bue che Admiral never show up . beth ie grow late , and Mr. honorable himself , with we welfare uppermost in he Boy scout brain , suggest we stay the night , because of the curfew . that make sense , so we do . her gialogse be drown by a military helicopter thundering in over che roof terrace . the chopper 's 49 searchlight blast the scene with a blind glow as it bank sharply to hover above a neighbor building . the deor gummer trip he gun and a hail of tracers vain onto the roof of that building . rata reese who 's seat at a naarby cable wich two other journalist . at the gunfire , she companion rush to the railing . bur kate stay puc , eye fix on horman . int . a bathroom - night 50 Beth luxuriare gratefully in a marble tub , eye shut , pay to velax . ac a click , she look up -- che bach - room door open . a trifle drmk , bur still cool , Davis be there , wea : a white shirt and dark slack , a drink in hand . his smile be " friendly . " 31 52 . davis get evarything you need ? beth yes . what do you want ? Davis sip he drink , still smile . , look ae La thin , hey , look ... appreciate eve z you have do for we , but I didn sign up for this trip . please . he waggle he head pleasantly . okay , ra : D ae hi J y , Ray . do I a huge , and get the fuck out , okay ? raflectively , he peer at she in a paternal , quasi - altruistic , and at the same time lecherous manner . davis you lmow , if I be you , bech , I would quic live in che past . it 's time to start think abour che fucure ... and , turn heel , he saunter away . int . a hallway - night $ 1 weapped in a too-big bathrobe and carry she street clothes , Beth hurry up to a lockad door . she knock . davis ' voice you have get to learn to stay ahead of the power curve , girl . Beth spin around . he 's five yard . away in a high - back chaiz , lic up by a well - oile grin . davis know what I mean ... jellybean ? Beth rap on the door , harder . terry's voice beat it , Ray ! leave I alone ! ie 's I , Beth . none too steady , Davis unfold upright , and start toward she . 32 53 . davis Te 's a old aircraft carrier cern . if a pilec come in ahead of the power curve -- and something go wrong -- he can pull up and out . he 's a few foot away , now . davis but if he fall behind the power curve , and something happen -- ' adios , pal . ' a lock tumble , the door cpen . Terry step back as Beth collapse into the room . door slam behind she . the lock click shut . davis you get co learn to stay ahead of the power curve , lady ... int . beth and terry's HOTEL r00m - night 52 closeup on horman , aye disturb , jaw sec . beth' voice «+. and when we get up next morning he be go . Terry 's om the edge of 4 bed . Joyce stand at a dresser . the Polaroid snapshoc of Charlie in vina be wedge into a corner of the dresser mirror , they area drass as before , on che roof . horman ( to Terry ) ++. what time be you plane ? terry nine o'clock . borman would you take back a letter for Elizabeth ? terry sure . horman then i'll see you both in the morning . ac the door , however , he turn to Beth . 53 54 , horman why do you take a bath in he house ? he start off down the hallway coward che elevator . she 's astonished , can not move for a beat . beth " Ed , I cock a bath , I didn' ball hin then she run after he . ext./ int . elevator unit 53 horman punch che elevator button . [ t 's tight there . he step in , she be right behind , the door close . he push the lobby button . horman ( stare icily at flas floor number bech , I realize you be under . tremendous strain ... 3etr well , so be you , dammic ! but that 's no reason for we to hate each other . . horman can not you lower you voica , please ? Beth ls so furious she could hic he . instead , she gulp aiz , and erias a differenc cack . seth you want to know why I take a bath in he house ? okay , I will cell you . huidobro never show , right ? so I have to sit there and politely gobble down turkey , a salad , fresh vegetable , beaujolais wine , and a creme custard with caramel syrup for dessert ... in a country where you have to stand in line for hour to buy a loaf of bread ! and that make I so tense I could not see straight . 34 35 . bete . so as soon as I have the chance I draw myself a hot bath , in hope Chat the soak would quiet my nerve . 1 lock the door too , in case such detail matter to you , bue apparently he have 2 stinking pass key ! Elevator stop , the door open . horman march cut and begin to stride across the lobby . beth where ara you go ? '' e bun > without out for a walk . beth they will kill you because of the curfew , be stop , and turn . he be struggl to get something off ale mind . finally , he manage oot peak " rorman do she and Charles have a affair ? Beth decide to play it differently . a sarcastic smile mask she rage . beth yes they do . Terry cold I juse this morning chat she 's pregnant with charlia 's child . borman you do not need to be smotty . beth well whac kind of a stupid question be thac ? ext . charlie' house - day 54 we camera be positioned on the opposite side of the street from the horman house . ' the wide angle frame the house . over the scene , a woman speak , low , muffle , in Spanish . bech interpret . beth ( v.0 . ) it be late afternoon when they bring he we . four soldier and a officer be with he and two other soldier carry box of thing . 56 . hold the frame . then : sound bleed in : shout , command , boot shuffle , weapon clanking . a image superimpose over the Si : four soldier and a officer lead a young man through the garden toward the street . Young man 's head be slump , make recognition difficult . two soldier in the lead carry book and papers . . beth ( v.0 . ) habian ctre soldados ? woman ( v.0 . ) si. estuvieron muchos esperando carca de un camion militar . beth ( 7.0 . ) there be many other soldier wait at a Army truck . we see they now , milling around the park truck . a man' voice incerrupt , object . man ( v.0 . ) que dice , mujer ? yo vei solamente my poco soldaos , y el carre fue privado . borman ( v.0 . ) what do he say ? . beth ( ¥.0 . ) he claim there be not many soldier . and it be a civilian the scene alter : now only two soldier stand by a batter Ford panel cruck . back to we , che Young man be shove into the rear of the truck by one ( net four ) soldier . the woman protast : woman ( v.0 . ) no , astuvieron muchos soldados , y el camion fue del ejercito . she say , ' no , there be man soldier , and ic be definite 7 be army truck . 's the scene shift back as bafore . the squad pile in after the Young man and che truck take off . now the scene appear as it be when first view . 35 56 57 . neighbor house - day 55 horman stare past camera at the house . a tiny gnarled old woman in a nearby wheelchair argue rashomon - like ia Spanish with a thin , pale man . Beth kneel next to the woman . horman wa. over . . horman she 's sure it be Charles ? - beth seguro que el muchacho fue be marido ? the woman hesitates , then nod . beth ( to horman ) pretty sure . horman with witness like this , no wonder nobody can find hin . he head across the street toward the house . Beth pat the old woman 's hand in gratitude . the woman held on , squeezing Beth 's hand sympathetically . int . horman house - Day 56 sceill a mess . the door open , and horan appear , in silhouette . he be join by bech . horman Lord ... be this the way you find it ? coesnsl q J no . it be a raal shamble . no reaction as he launch a brief inspection . he circle be overturn couch co reach the bedroon . kick pillow feather from he shoe in the dingy bath - room with {ts rusting shower wall and peel plaster . his nose wrinkle in distaste , he return to the live room area , horman you be live like this ? she nod . borman God !... why ? 38 . beth Charlie want to live like the people here . horman T guess it 's easy to be poor when you have get a round trip ticker in you pocket . learn to recognize the trap , Beth do not blow up . beth let I explain something , Ed . we do not look at it as ' play pocr . ' we look at ic as try to be a part of the community . the people feel wa care about they because we live , and work , and play at they leval . it 's a way of give fespecc - and of earning ic . while speak , bech move around in the rubble , pluck - ing at papers , scan chen briefly , letcing they fall . beth maybe it sound weird to you , but this be one of the happiesc home tt ever have . Charlie , too . we really have we act together . szocping , she discover a book : sc. exupery 's the little prince . beth when we first get marry , Charlie would read a chapter of this book . to I every night . borman what be it ? holding it up so he can read the title , she quote she husband 's inseripcion inside : she lock up , compel to explain , beth th the book , the Prince come across a wild fox in the desert . and little by lictle , by be very gentle and choughr Zul , he tame the fox . so the fox cell he a secret . she reflect for a moment . 59 . beth . Charlie 's real good at caming people . she have be leaf through the bock . now she read : beth ' it be only with the heart that we can see rightly ; whac be essential be invisible to the eye . ' what 's that ? beth the fox 's secret . she hand he the book , then meander a faw more step , and locate a handful of kid ' bright , innocent evayon dvawing . she cifile through chem . beth Neighborhood kid draw this . when we first arrive , Charlie would invite they to visit we . they be tee poor to buy crayon and paper . at firsc , they drawing be very small . before long , they want largez and larger sheet of paper . they have coma to realize art be something they could be delighted with and very proud of ... she face horan straight on . beth that 's a gift Charlie give to the kid of this neighborhood . Rorman 's aye be catch by a ink draw tack to che wall . the skatch be of a fey fantasy animal , half - duck , half -rabbic , with big , limpid eye . under ic be write : " the Sunshine grabber . " hrorman Charles draw this ? bech nod . horman what do it mean , ' the Sunshine grabber ? ' beth it 's a poem and the name of a animation film he 's be work om . that 's one of the charactar . 57 58 60 , Ed fold the draw and place it in he pockec . horman . he seem very innocent , almose deliberately naive . , B be that so bad ? horman be this so good ? hold it . then a knock om the half - cpen door break the confrontation . . beth whe be it ? woman relle . beth eello . ( to herman ) Mrs. Duran , the lady I cold you about . her mother life across the streec . ext . a avenue - day 57 camera be in the back seat of a cruise caxi . traffic be light . approach a intersection , he slow , curn - ing leave , and swing onto a avenue . a large , ominous structure loom to we right . mzs. Duran speak over the scene . : ' mrs . duran ( v.0 . ) the truck turn into che driveway of the stadiun . tae taxi ease to a stop in the driveway . mrs . duran . they wait a moment for the gate to open , then drive inside . ext . the stadium - day 38 Soldiers and armored vehicle guard the encrance . many woman keep a anxious vigil near the main gate . some have photo of miss love one hang around cheir neck . whenever a soldier or vehicle approach , they hold up che ohoto , desperately plead for information . 59 61 . borman ( ¥.0 . ) how come you follow it ? beth ( v.0 . ) . she do not . she -- horman sit next to Beth . Mrs. Duran be at she right . horman let she cell it , please . why do you taxi take the same route as the truck ? mrs . duran ( point ) - T live juse bayond che scadium -- on Avenue alvarez . [ I have the go past here when I come from the house of ay mother . horman decide to open he door and get cut . buta black sedan swerve beside the cab , juse inch fron the half - open door , and horman pull shue the door , startle . Three lethal - lock man and a woman be inside . one gesture for che taxi to move on . horman would object , but Beth grab bis arn . beth don' ... : when he look at she , he see Mrs. Duran be scrunch down , try to be invisible . . beth she could be arrastad juse for talk to we . horman face the sedan again . the man gesture : not @ suggestion , this time , but a command . the cabbie shift into gear and pull away . the sedan pull we behind be . int . HOTEL carrera 's - end of the day horman and Seth emerge from a elevator , aim coward a small salon off the lobby . kate raesa see they , and move into they path . she smile familiarly ac Beth , chen address horman : 59 60 62. reese my name be kate reese , mc. horman . I be a reporter . though horman 'is more interested in the salon , where purdy , Davis , and hon be wait , he nevertheless actand she question . reese ts it true you be feed with the embassy 's handle of ching ? be you plan you own investigation ? borman I be not interested in challenging what chey have do , miss reese . only concern be get back my son . and he head anxiously toward the salon . reese tsy and get he co calk with I , Beth . Beth go to the salon . reese continue co look at they -- she smile be go . int . salon 60 scene begin in a room empty but for we player . as it progress , other guest arrive , force the princi - pal to shift around , seek privacy . horman arrive at the official . . rorman what 's up ? any news ? purdy shall we siz down ? horman shakas he head , eager to proceed . davis well , we backtrack over we lead with the military ... bur they still deny any knowledge of he arrest . row we also can a fingerprint check at the morgue . they come up negative . horman you trust you source , Colonel ? 63 . . hon Captain Davis check they himself . beth well , then , I be suxe they be impeccable . purdy what we now need be more information ... mostly from you , Beth . for instance , why be you here ? beth we be tired of see the world through the New York Times . we want to ... to travel . purdy Way this country specifically ? beth we would be all over Latin America aud we decide this be the best of it . bon you mean politically ? beth I mean every way -- util you general take over , davis ( smile ) they be not gur general , bech . she do not respond to thac -- but horman do , level another critical eye on Davis . . purdy what kind of work be Charlie involved in ? beth what do you mean , ' be ? ' purdy what kind of work be he involved in ? beta he 's make a animated Children 's film . and tesearch a screenplay . he also write article -- 64 . purdy you mean for fin . horman what 's chac ? davis a left-w newspaper . beth fin be about as ' leave - wing 's as Colonel Sanders . and Charlie do not write for it , he translate news and feature storey from such bastion of american comminism as the New York Post and the Wall Street Journal . her antagonism suggest they try a differenc tack . eon Mr. borman , there 's anocher theory kick around . . borman yes ? hon he could have be pick up by leftist pose as soldier . davis . in fact , some people think it may even have be he idea . beth which peopla ? ara you kid ? davis ( to horman ) he might have do it to embarzass the government . make ic lock like they be arrest Americans , beth they be arrest Americans . or do not " Frank teruggi and David holloway count ? horman I hear abour chem in Washington . they be release , right ? nobedy really want to field that question . 65 . horman we should talk co chem . beth : we have see David tomorrow . ho ! ( surprised ) we be ? bete if they do not get to he firse . horman take a typewritten page from he pocket , and pass it to purdy . davis ts that my lise ? horman ( to purdy ) it 's just some thing I would like you to check we , no. purdy scam the page , then shove it inco he jacket . purdy I will do my best . ( a beat ) . well , if that 's all , I guess ... horman just a second , genclemen . his face become tougher , more authoritative . horman I be go to be perfectly frank with you . I know chat eve american embassy down here bas agent involved with local police and military training program ... Davis and hon regard he with stone - face . purdy be not quite as cool . purdy me. horman ... horman T assume that such a operation exist here . I do not want to know what ic be , and I don 's care who run it . all I be ask be that you use it to help find my son . 66 . Davis open he mouth , buc horman cut he off . rorman that 's all I have to say right now . thank you ... goodnight . he cake Beth by the elbow and usher she cut . 61 int . lobby and elevator . 61 beth ( rather awed ) it do not believe you say that , about the police training program . horman why ? beth you can get into big trouble wich load request like thac . they halt . he punch a elevator button . rorman I have always believe chat if you call a spade a spade , people will respond favorably . the door open . beth you could get dead with thac kind cf ' favorable response . 's they enter . the door close . horman that 's you paranoia . and of course charlia 's . betr ++. Ed , he be not a Zailure . horman I do not say he be . 3 to beth ut every time you cpen you mouth , you imply ic . horman well , i£ you and he have just pay a little more attencicon to che basic , this never would have happen . 67 . joyce oh , and whac be the basic : God , country , Wall Street . , rorman there 's nothing wrong with God or you country , young ledy ! beth T know , I know . God bless we way of life ! rorman ic 's a dam good way of life , too , ro matter how much people like you and Charles may try to tear ic down with you sloppy idealism ! beth my idealism happen to be base om fact in the real world , not on some kind of ... of Super bowl , piszify , tricky dicky power trip 62 int . hallway and horman' room 62 the elevator door open , discharge 3eth and horman . horman I can not stand people who live off the fac of they country , and they parent , and then whine and fuss and complain ... beth be that you e@ of charlia and ge ? how could chae be ! he open the door , enter he room , and turn to face the rest of Beth 's wrath . beth Ed , we be not some kind of freak - out , acid-tripp charley mansonite ! we 'ra just two normal , slightly confuse , paealiseic american beople try to be connecte positively to che whole dam roctren enchila 68 . bang ! he shut the door in she face . Beth step forward and slam the heel of she fist once , hard , against the door . his back be against the door : he be pale and tremble and in shock from such a bitter explosion . Ed be net aman who like , or be use to , raise he voice , lose control , or dump soile linen so erudely upon the table . beth' voice clow ) serew you , then , Mr. horman ! Beth stride y down to she room , unlock che door , and slam it b é she . . hold on the empty hallway for a momenc . Beth 's door open , she storm out , canter purposefully up the hallway to horman 's door , compose herself with two deep breath -- and knock . no ' answer . bete Ed ... I be sorry . no response . bete cam you hear I ? be you all rights ? I say I be sorry ... nothing . beth - oh , shit . I blow it . I and ay big mouth . sha shake she fist in almost comical anguish at the door , then back away down che hallway , make all sott of half - amused , half - cragic gesture of frustration ac horman 's door . 63 64 65 66 69 . int . beth' HOTEL room 63 she enter , go directly to the phone , and dial horman 's room number . int . ed horman' room 64 seat on the edge of he bed , Ed look rotten . when she phone ring , he wait to answer wmeil che third angle . horman rello ? int . beth' HOTEL room 65 beth Te 's mm . look , I be sorzy , 1 @id not mean to blow up and say that thing . [ I should be tar mge feathered for be such a to ... int . holloway / teruggl apartment - night 66 David be type at a litter desk , surround by book - shelf , and scattered papers . ' the room be large , eclectically furnish , like that of a well - heele grad student . poster and print decorate the wall . skis adorn a corner . opposite the couch , 2 high french door lead to che terrace where David and Frank say goodbye to 3eth earlier . suddenly we hear noise outside : boot clomping up stair , rough voice , sharp sound . then a rifle but smashes glass , che door fly open , and ' Soldiers burst into che room . David jump up , cry " hey , Frank ! " buc he be immedi - ately pin against che bookcase by a rifle jamme in he belly . his reaction , from hundred of childhood western , be to fling up he hand , exclaim " do not shoot ! " a officer check a list of name . officer David ol-avai ? david holloway . 67 68 69 70 . - officer Frank ... teruggi ? . David point to a door . several soldier spring over , flanking it with ostentatious skill . the decr cpen and Frank appear , a copy of mad Magazine in hand . two soldier grab at he , but teruggi shake they off . frank get away from I , you asshole . what do you think you be -- furiously -- and stupidly -- he go ape , swinging he arm , bute with he shoulder '' david stop it , they will kill you ! 4 soldier swing he rifle butt , knock Frank onto the couch . another goon land on he belly , jam a .45 into he neck . frank okay . youwin . I give up . meanwhile , ocher soldier search the voom , dump book , tear off poster , confiscate ream of .typeseripc . int . police van and street - nicht 67 the van speed down a avenue desert except for other mis lteasy vehicle . occasional soldier warm themselves at bontire . . hand bound behind they , David and Frank be next to the driver , face press up against che windshiald . the Officer and several soldier crouch in the rear , where hay bale procect against sniper fire . ext . the avenue - night 68 the van swing into the National seadium driveway . many other vehicle -- both army and civilian -- await clearance to enter . ext . national stadium - nigatr 69 the scene be electric with tension . harsh spotlighc beam roam the bleacher , reflect off prisoner -- stand , seatad , supine -- each one alone . 70 71 . other group huddle together for protection . strange - ly , most appear to be spectator wait for the show to begin . : the play field be dark , silent . Soldiers lean againsc van and armored car , weapon aim up toward the bleacher . tt seem each side be wait for the othar co begin some kind of stylize , cragic set-piece . angle - inside the MAIN gate 70 Guards yank Frank and David from che van and prod they forward . at the same time , almost a dozen prisoner aze shove out of a nearby cruck and quscle brutally onto the same ramp toward which Frank and David be head . again , teruggi reacc to the abuse . he slap away rifle barrel , knock off rude hand . they jostle among the other prisoner . Frank be almost fell as David holler : david we have a right co call the american embassy ! of a sudden , a skinny , handsome Latin student cype prisoner explode at the abuse . he swing back at a soldier , and another soldier clobber . hin behind the head . he drop , poleax , and be immediately boot over sideways . both blow be astonishingly brutal . six soldier jump among the prisoner . officer beat they ! kill anybody who tesist ! Te begin . each soldier kick che rearest prisoner in the stomach two , three time . the entire body jump with each kick . man cry we . Soldiers tap head with they machine + and stomp on ankle while the man groan . one soldier step between the student 's leg , raul he back , and boot he in the erotch . the student flop forward , shriek , and turn , in - sanely lung at he cormantor , who knock he silly with a rifle blow . David and Frank be paralyze at the swift brutalicy of chis scene . 71 72 72 . int . stadium corridor ~ office - night 71 the corridor be a office . desk line one wall , a officer behind each one . Frank and David be wait to be register and question . Soldiers everywhere . aze herding prisoner , or congregate around '' praseros " keep warm , drink soup . the most fear we have yet see permeate this place -- palpable , gricty , sicken . cry and scream spatter up from the basement beneath the stadium , often fol - low by gunfire . the sound be bizarre : the absence of say buman reaction in the guard heighten che unreality . David 's eye dart about , he face terri - sted. aagspice he hurt , Frank be more watchful , ealai . 7 int . cell in the basement of stadium - night : 72 a locker room have be convert into a detancion area . prisoner lie around on the bench . most have be beat . there 's little conversation -- and thac be mostly in whisper . Frank and David sic on che floor , back to a wall . : near panic , David study the trap man around then . he shiver whenever muffled gunfire carry through the corridor to they hold area . david they be go to kill we , be not they ? frank . I do not think so . they be just try to scare we . '' pavin well they sure as hell succeed . frank hey , man , we be Americans . if they kill we , we embassy will go bananas . david you be full of shit , Frank . David 's laughter triggers tear instead . Te : il purc be arm around he shoulder , like a big brother= hey , i' line ye in ; 7 , m te. you , we be go to be all right . 73 . david I can not help it . they be gonna kill thac guy , be not thay ? Frank figure he job be to hoid David together . he smile gruffly . frank listen . I will bet you a dinner at arcuro 's that we will be out of here by mome , David be will to grasp at that straw , and be a little soothed = david - okay . you gor a ber . they shake hand just as a door open . a officer stick in he head , check 2 clipboard list . officer tear ...0... gee ? frank ( chill , but do n 'c let on ) hah ! look like you lose , turkey . rising , he squeeze David 's shoulder with affeccionace concern . frank be stron , 5 soon as I get out t'll head straight for che embassy . David nod with a glimmer of hope . officer tear - 0 - gee ! then he straightan , and limp toward the Officer , snarling under he breach : frank hold you water , mickey mouse . the last glimpse David have be Frank 's shoulder . then David be alone , glance timorously around act other prisoner as we hear the incongruous " whop " of 2 tennis ball be strike ... follow by a '' bravo ! '' and a smatter of ligat applause . 74 , 73 ext . a formal garden - day 73 David holloway be perch on the edge of a chaise across from horman and Beth , his leave hand be band - age , he look gaumt . pia sit with he , hand resc - | ing lightly on he thigh . ie on a b.g. private tennis court a mix - double game be in progress . a small gallery of spectator aunch ' discreet applause . Beyond che court , a smooth green lawn rise toward a sprawling white stueco villa . david that 's the lase time I see Frank . they release I nexe day . horman lean forward in he chair . ' horman the State Department tell I Frank ' : leave chile right after he be ! release , david , I speak with he dad in Chicago . Boy Frank have not call he , or anyone : else we know , horman i maybe he 's in hide , too . david ( to bech ) ' ts that where you think Charlie be , im hide ? 's : beth : Don 's look at I . horman ( to Beth ) Way do you insise on rejecting that hope ? beth because ic jusc be not crue . instead of fight she , Ed cry to digese that . after a brief pause , he ask David : horman this newspaper you all work om == '' @ that be why you ware arrest ? 74 75 . david they never even interrogate I about it . horman be Charlie very active in it ? david juse like the rest of we ... we sometimes work eighteen hour a day until we goc it we . ( reall x rise ) rea . 8 sa aarte work eighcean houss a david sometimes -- suze ! horman what do be get pay for that eighteen hour ? beth they earn a little gratitude , some respect . : horman but you can 'c buy very many hor dog with a ' lictle grazicude , ' can you ? 5 ( wearily ) rey . Lee 's not start again ... applause signal another skilled vollay . int . horman' HOTEL 200m a dress in a2 robe , herman be shave in the bathroom . there 's a knock at the hall door , horman Te 's open . a man in a dark business suiz be hold the calephone raceiver in - he hand . hi3 eye flick from the fe open bathroom door to the hall door , which open , rarr - vealing Beth , dress for dinner . horman appear , see che man. puzzle , he glance ac Beth , chen back cto the man. 16 . horman what ara you do ? man ( sheepishly ) I fix che telephone . replacing the receiver , he latch once a small black case . and start we , brush past Beth . horman it work fine . man now it work better . horman hurry co the hall door as che man disappear atound a commer . when he return , Seth grimace . beth . they ' fix 's mine yesterday . horman ( awad ) how can they do ic so brazenly ? Beth walk over near the phone , tilt she head , cup she mouth , and addrass the phone : bete hallo , Ray . how 's evary lictle thing over thera in you electronic game room ? as if on cue , the phone ring . Beth jump , thoroughly startle . horman answer . rorman yes ...? ( a pause ; he face fall ) thank you , he hang up . horman ( frown ) the ambassador want to see I in the morning . beth ( soberad ) why ? 75 76 77 , woman ( dis curbe ) it do not know ... int . ambassador's office suite - Day . 78 Ill at ease , horman pace in a teception area , while a secretary type away . phone ring , the Secretary answer : secretary you can go in , sir . Beth follow horman to a door -- which open -- reveal - — ing a troubled purdy . purdy ( very somber ) geod morning ... then he see Beth . purdy sorry , bech . you can'sc ... this appointment be only for ... horman Fred , anything I be about to hear be for she also . ambassador Te 's all right . let chem boch in . purdy step aside , ushere horman and bech ince the ofetce , where they fully expect to hear bad news about ariie . int . ambassador's office - Day 76 a large picture window in the brighc , bi . rceiling parlor overlook the embassy 's vase , weli-tanded gar - dens . the ambassador rise as he and Ed perform the amenitia . bech hang back , avoid the ritual . ambassador sit down , please . horman setrles on the edge of a leather club chair , bech remain stand . horman what 's wrong ? 78 , beth do you find hin ? the ambassador be puzzle . silencly , he query purty . then abruptly underscand . ambassador oh , no ... not thac ac all . I be sorry . $ = { 0 ) what be it , chen ? ambassador T hear you would like to discuss some political question . now horman be confuse . until che ambassador clarifies : ambassador you suggestad that chere might be some id of american police assistance program down here . gk . horman nod , back on the crack . and relieved . ambassador T would like you to know that nothing of that sort axise in this . country . a pause . horman do not buy ic . horman I be not interested in che politics of it , sir . I only bring ic up because I want you to use every tesource at you disposal . . ambassador T vepeat , Mr. horman -- no such operation exist . horman look stung , then he lean back , and dacide he have better drop ic . purdy change the subjece . purdy I clear the hespicals you wane to visic . horman , :- what about the National Stadium ? 79 . purdy I be try . but that 's kind of touchy . ambassador handle ic ! another awkward pause . horman glence around the room uncomfortably , then decide to otge ahead anyway . he speak slowly , deliberately , extra careful to make sure he tone accuse nobody . he be afraid of lose this eople as ally ... and regret perhaps , that he ever broughe up the police assistance progran . horman look . I know this be bad time . this be no fim for you people ... and it certainly be not : any fun for Beth or I ... or for Charles , wherever he may be . I know you 'ra do you best . I have to believe that , ic 's we only real hope . you have all the machinery , and all the comection on you side . I be jusc a middle - age businessman from naw York . iocan 'c evan speak a word of Spanish . he halt . he be a little disconcertad by che face of he liscener . the ambassador be completely neutral . purdy be anxious , he mind also on something else . buc bech be rape , and deeply move by Ed 's plea . horman maybe ay son have be shot ... or torture . maybe they beac he up -$ 0 badly chat now chay be hang onte he uncil he heal enough to be release . I do not care . what 's do be do . you nave to reach chem and tent chem pit accept he any condition . will not raise a sua T wont even go to che newspaper . you draw up any release you want , [ I will sign chem . T will absolve anybody and everybody of all blame if I can just ... have ++. rim ... back . horman again stop co compose himself . ehorman he 's the only child I have get , sir . purdy be ena but as for the ambassador ? -- noc even one eyelash flicker . 77 80 . everybody wait ... a bird sing just outside che win - dew . horman 's expression slowly change from ona of anxious ancicipa one ry one at puzzleme c. phen tae credulicy when he finally realize : pobody 's £ 0 tumble . his plea for compassion and imag vative att have fall on deaf ear . he have call a spade a spade '' + + and they {gnore he . shakily , he lean toward the ambassador : . horman do you hear what I jusc say ? ambassador yes I do , me. horman . so Ed rise and look over at purdy , who can not meet he gaze . Fred len * b ted , you know I will not ack to New York wichout a sdewer , purdy squirm -shrug ... nod . Beth tisas and cake she father - in- law 's arm . beth coma on , Ed . the meeting 's over . she lead he to the door . int . / ext . reception room 77 in a trance , horman waver in the middle of che room , he brow deeply knic , eye confuse . horman . I make a fool we of mysal . bete ( deeply touch ) be 's okay , you eried . purdy 's - a scep behind , about to run out of breach . purdy ( apologetically ) you have to appreciace chat this be n'c che only case we be work on . horman it 's the only case I be concerned whieh , 78 al . purdy you and a lee of people . horman flash he a look over he shoulder . purdy we have vaceive a extraordinary number of cable from Washington . what kind of ' in ' do you have up there , anyway ? . R eorman without look back ) I be a american citizen . they reach the bottom of the stair . purdy slow . int . christian science reading room = day 78 below a wall portraie of Mary Baker eddy , a elderly woman stand behind 2 couter cramme with religious literature . horman be che only person seat at one of the many small desk lining two wall of a adjoin - ing room . he be read he Bible . ' the quiet be break occasionally by the crack of distant thunder 4 preppy young man in a vain -spatter chino suit a - ter . he head directly coward horman . he clear he throat . young man I be Dave mcnally . from the Consulate . horman be right with you . mcnally case the join , glance at zeligious para - 1 phernalia crowd the table . then horman stands up . menally all sec ? horman no . bue let 's get the over with , there 's a change in horman , now . his determination be more apparent , mere aggressive , less polite or compromise . 79 80 al _ 82 , ext . STREET outside reading room - day 79 in a drive rainstorm , horman and menally race to a white chavrelec , whose door have be open by bech . Beth be in back , horman up front . mcnally start the engine . menally if you do not mind I ask ... what 's chriseian Science about ? horman ic 's about faich . have faith . in whac ? = horman in ... im everything . mcnally nod as if he understand . menally well , where do wa start ? horman open he briefcase , fishing out a cicy map . horman I have list the hospical in geographic order . we will start with St. Ann 's -- menally I 's on Avenue Ruiz . he pull away from the curd . ext . STREET 80 up che block , the driver of a dark sedan occupy by three man swing out into traffic behind the chevy . and follow at a discreet distance . int . series of hospital ward - day : 81 horman , mcnally , bech and a middle - age woman in a white doctor 's jacket . horman show the Polaroid piccure of Charlie . buc it 's useless . ' the photo elicit a single response from everybody : a nega - sive shake of the head . 82 a3 84 83. mcnally ( to woman ) ts that it ? woman yes , except for Los pardidos . the one with no name . horman where be they ? woman below , in the basement . int . basement ward - day 82 the " no name " be a sei ghteningly disorient group . some be saverely injure , other ambulatory . mcnally and the woman wait at the door while horman and bech enter the ward . horman hold the photograph absently againse he chesc , try to select a pacienc he might question . Beth floac away from he in a peculiarly indecisive agony . [ c 's as if Charles , he suffer , and she own suffer during this kafka - esque odyssey after she phantom husband , be cruelly realize in the unremicce anguish of this break citizen . withour a word , they recur slowly to mcnally and che woman , int . another hospital - Day 83 another negative shake of the head ac Charles 's photo . and it 's seill raining . ext./ int . a mental hospital - late afternoon a4 the insticucion be locate on the bank cf a rain - swollen river . the interior be dark and grim and very gothic . the room be tiny -- virtually wichour furnicure -- and light by a naked bulb -- Gas cing down a glaring Light that accentuate the haunt face of the inmate . horman , Beth and mcnally go from room tc room , accou - pany by a stubby lictle man . as 36 * 84 , Men lie about on filthy straw mactress . some of they eat conscious , some catatonic , but none of they be Charlie . in one room horman 's eye be draw to a bearded young man who appear to be saner . Rorman step over to he . the foung man pull back . horman put he hand on he shoulder in a gesture of friendship . the Young man squirm away . young man ( in whisper Spanish ) go away ... go ' way ... nol ! horman lean down close to he . ( low ) waae be it , son ? the Young man 's eye dart around the room , then back to horman . young man leave I -- go ... por favor ! horman rise . the Young man cock he head , gesture for horman to move on . a large dayroom where a dozen or so inmate be roam - ing around . there 's something go on in here -- a gnowish lictle man be stand at che windew , look - ing down on the river . suddenly he face light up and he giggle , shouting . man . un otre ! un otra ! the other patient rush towards he . horman and bech look down at the river . ext . the river 85 the corpse of a man be float past in the swift cur - rent -- one atm freeze in death above he head . Beth stare at the river . horman steady she . the inmate press forward , bubbling with delighc . int . hospital emergency ward - Day 86 the room stink with crippled humanity , horrendous cacophony . a5 . horman and Beth stand at the entrance while mcnally query a nurse at ab.g. desk . a soldier enter , prodding a injure woman along with he rifle . pass bech , the woman trip and collapse . Beth drep instinctively to one knee , and start to scoop she arm beneath the woman . but the soldier thrust he gum between they , jam the sight into Beth 's shoulder , before Beth can react , horman lunge , gtab the gun barrel , and yank ic away . the soldier . jerk back on he weapon , and he and horman lock eye , Ed still hold on , beth Ed ... don 's do anything . mcnally and che nurse rush over . menally hold it ! ( to soldier , in Spanish ) he 's a lictle disturb , but harmless . forgive he ! and he back horman off while che nurse further placate che soldier . mcnally ( to herman ) waoat the hell be the matter wich you ? horman ( to Beth ; danger - ously intense ) eat you okay ? she nod , shocked by he passion . hornman glare back at the soldier . mcnally ( scared and angry ) the next time - you pull a seunt like thar , they will blow you stupid head off . horman feel , and look , like bunched , indestructible steel with he head , he indicace the b.g. nurse 's starion . horman what do they say ? 87 8a 86 . menally none of they ' no name 's match up physically to Charles 's description . horman then let 's gee cut of here . ext , hospital ground and STREET 87 seill rarr - horman aove swiftly , chree step ahead of Beth . she catch up to he as mcnally , in b.g. , arrive at he car . beth where be you go ? : borman you go back without I . I wane to walk . beth tc 's dangerous . you do not know you way around . horman i'll find a cab -- do n'e worry . I need che fresh air . beth I be come with you . I will cell mcnally . while horman continue to walk forward into the back - tracking camera , Beth rum back to che racede chevrolet , speak to mcnally , chen start return to horman . he stop , wichour turn , and wait . when she catch up , he start walk again . hand in she coar pocket , thoroughly drench , Beth fall into step beside hin . ext . explanade beside river - day 88 Ed horman and Beth cross the street to 4 wide , ctree - shade walkway with bench and a stone wall . Beyond it , amd below , rum the river . they hale at che wall . rain have slacken into a sof misc . Beth stoops , absencly gather some pebble . she begin co dreamily chrow they into the watar . for whatever reason , suddanly chere 's a air of poignancy and forgiveness . they begin laccing down they guard . horman . he use to drive I crazy when he be little , out on cape cod , walk up and down the beach , throw thing into the water , beth he still love to . horman smile timidly . it 's. be a while since they have have a actual break . beth what do you suppose they be go right now ? up om old cape code ...? horman the beach be desert . the sumer house be all board up ... wainmsically , she scart reciciag a old pacti page song : bete ' lz you be fond of sand dune , and salt sea air ... ' she stop . betr I vemamber one summer , before we get marry , we be visit you guy . around midnighe one night we go down co che beach to make we . ' there be all chis sparkly phosphorous in the . breaker -- you know ? the water look like ic be full of firefly . a man down the beach a way be listen to 2 Red Sox baseball gama on 2 radio ... she imitate a announcer 's deep voice : bete " hiya , neighbor . have a gansect ... they let that settle for 2 momenc . then : horman what else do he like to do ? Charles . Beth lean against the wall , gaze into the water . a9 88. beth I do not know . he like to pretend he 's a country - and - western singer in the shower ... he have a terrible voice . he like to cook com beef hash with a egg in it ... and of course , $ a star freak . rorman beth a star freak . ( she look up ac the sky ) he can go ouc all che constallation in heaven . horman I do not know thar , ( she guazd er rd en- tirely daw ) he love to make love on Sunday morning . in fact , he 's a regular sex maniac . ( she chuckle happily ) do you know chac ? her sexual openness strike the wrong chord in ed. 4nd , despite himself : horman I do not chink I need co hear . about you bedroom antic ... Beth be inscantly demolish . bete ( small , very hurt voice aw , shit , Ed ... the mood be destroy ... and they be both dismay that ic happen . int . film animation firm - pay 89 the main salon of a formerly grand villa have be con - verted into ehe office / studio . 89 . horman stand before a cork board , inspect a photo of Charlie and three other happily mugging young man . all four wear " sunshine grabber " t-shirt . pin above the photo be xerox of Charlie 's drawing of the rabbic-duck and other character for that flim . man' voice believe I , sir . you son be no revolutionary . horman look away from the photo to a cheerful , heavy - set man , 30 , seat ac a makeshift animation table . horman how do you know , silvio ? silvio he choughc the revolurion end when the people have enough to @at and a reof over they head . horman what 's wrong with chart ? stlvio ( didactic ) the cow be also well feed and 1 . e@ a. wieteice , even ravolutionary violence , be fascisc . Rorman agree . he can 's understand how it sould be otherwise . silvio Te 's the Christian moral . ( simp ° 's y I be a Christian . silvio look at Beth . he would have like to be tell before . . silvio you ara not go to believe che bullshic leftist pose as soldier pick he up ? horman ne. silvio exaggerate he satiszaction . horman ponder chat a moment , then address another person : 90 . horman what make you go into hide ? - Beth sit on a sofa , next to Maria , the grieve prag - nant girl . her tear have be replace with a smile . she beam up at a young man perch on the sofa arn . young man I know they would pick I up . horman what have you do ? silvio set down he pencil . stlvio Americans ! they always assume you must do something before you can be arrast . horman : isn 's that how ic usually work ? stlvio mz. horman , around here , nowadays , you can be arrast for pick you nose on Tuesday . Maria give a strange little snort . maria Te 's crazy , charley be arrest by chem ... when some people even think he be cla . beth what ? maria ( justify herself ) you know Charlie be always ask question and write everything down . stlvio I have wame hin . horman look be they puzzle . beth ( to silvie ) and ?... stlvio he just laugh ... and take a nota . 91 91 . horman smile to himself . silvio 's line have break the tension . he could like this man . Maria turn to Beth . maria he will come back , Beth . just as carlos have . you will see ! bech stare at she -- want very much to believe ic . int . a deserted concrete corridor 90 purdy . Ray Davis , Beth , and Ed korman be walk briskly down the gloomy corridor . int . a windowless office 91 4 uniformed man hover over horman as he leaf through @ stack of official form . Beth be off to one side , wait . in a outer office , purdy and Davis confer with another officer . among the form be one for Joseph dorerty , Jim dicter , David holloway . horman leaf through the entire pile , then look up at espinoza . 's horman this be all of chem , Colonel ? espinoza ( cordially ) yes . one form for each prisoner who be hold and then release . horman but none for ay son . espinoza that mean he be never here -- but come , and check for yoursalf , Mr. horman . rising , horman point to the form . horman T thoughe Frank teruggi be release . espinoza who ? 92 " 92 , horman teruggi -- the man arrest wich David holloway . but there 's no velease form here . espinoza I be sorry , but I do not recall the name . ext . the stadium - day 92 4 bright sun beat down om the stand where thousand of prisoner be scattered , guard by a hundred $ 0 zs . borman , Beth , purdy and Davis be in che empty play fteld . espinoza be at a microphone in front of then , address the prisoner in Spanish . introduction over , espinoza pass che mike co horman . for a long deathly - quiec moment , blink he eye in the cruel sunlight , Ed try cto formulace word . all the prisoner be attentive . a sea gull fly over che stadium . horman 's lip quiver , he wipe he brow . bue how to begin ? Beth step forward , touch he shoulder . beth be you all right ? he nod . yeo he face be torment , he brow heavily furle . : borman I do n'c ... I can m't seem ... you becter begin . he hand she the microphone . realizing espinoza be impatient , and they have to begin , she speak : beth Charlie ... this be Beth , the statement echoe eerily across the stadium : '' " char -leeleelee , thisisis be be bethethetheth ... '' ie 's embarrassing in a brutal way , but she muse con - tinue . bete we be here to take you home . 93. beth ( pause ) . please come with we . ( pause ) nobody will hurt you anymore . ( pause ) please come out if you be ag ... the weird echoe die away . no prisoner , no soldier have move a milimecer , abruptly , horman take the mike . now that she break the ice , he can do it . he speak with a strange , strain formality . horman Charles horman , this be you father , Edward . I 'a here in the hope chat you can hear I . in order that you may know who I be and trust mar , [ I be go to mention the name of several friend from you past . he check with purdy and Davis , who remain stoical , avoid he eye . borman Roger lipsey ... pause . intently , desparately , Ed 's eya search through immobile clump ef prisoner for a talltale movement , a hand flung up , anything . horman orland Campbell ... absolutely nothing . yer ic 's as if horman be try to will he son inco life and atcendancea there . his ear strain for a shour of recognicion . horman Tom vachon ... . that do it ! a liccle flurry at the far end of the staditm . a figure break loose from a group of prisoner , and begin to run forward , coward horman . he cum in a distinctly disjoince way , he arm and leg flap all over , reminiscence of that time we see charley in vina , run with Terry co catch a bus . horman ( whisper ) be 's he ... 93 94 , Beth have be peer at the runner . now she cry : beth no it 's not ! buc he will not hear . so she cake off after he . Ed almost stumble and fall between row , but catch himself in cime . borman Charles ! Charles ! seth no , Ed , it 's not hinl he make it down and stumble over 2 concrete barrier omto a track surround the play field . at the same time , 2 soldier brandish he rifle to halt the run fellow who be close enough for horman to realize kis atstake . the man puff to a hale juse in frone of horman . his craze , grief -strickan eye flicker confusedly over Ed 's face . then he raisas he fist angrily , and , in heavily - accented English : man my facher can 'c come here ... but how abouc some ice cream with my dinner , colonal espinoza ? nobody move . hold ic ... then : ext . outside national stadium 93 everyone else have already encare purdy 's buick . but horman carry at he open door , stating .over the roof of the car at the stadium . beth' voice Ed , come on . let 's go . he do not raspond , wable to tear he eye from char edifice , . then finally : horman d) ( daze : waat do they do in there ? in normal time ? 94 95 . beth' voice they play fucbol . horman football ? : beth' voice tc 's actually soccer . but here they call soccer furbol . beat . then : horman ( bitter and mean ) you know something ? I be really - beginning to fall in love with this little cowmery . he lower himself into the car . int . a office - Day 94 horman , bech , and kate reese stand in a quiet , dimly - light room . behind they be a " visit italia ! " wall - poster . 4 man , urban and diplomatic , carefully scrutinize Ed and Beth 's passport . he compare they face to the photo , make absolutely sure of they identity . reese lean forward . she gesture at borman and Beth and she speak italian first then : reese seriously . do chey look like assassin ? the man hesicaces , he eye evaluate horman and Beth one more time . finally , he nod , return the passport . , man ( to horman ) you must remember , ha be a desperate man . for he sake , do not repeat whac he tell you . widening , we discover the reason for all this caution . dozen of mostly male refugee sleep on the office floor . horman and the ccher thread through this people , leave the office . 95 96 97 96 . int . a corridor 95 more refugee clutter the floor , or stand in long line awaice food or the use of sanitary facilicy . every available space be occupy . ° the man lead they dow a scairvell . int . lut office - night 96 it 's a huge room feature tall colum , marble wall , sinister dark shadow . a man , dress in khaki and general 's braid , hold forth from behind a desk . another officer , a colonel , stand across from he , next to a third man in a civilian suit . a fourth man in che b.g. be visible , buc wuidenci - fiable . dress in a windbreaker , he wear ais hair gut shore in the style of other Americans we have see so far . a man' voice there be four of they in lutz 's office : che General , of course -- a Colonel -- and my friend , who tell I of this ++. and the amarican . beth ( v.0 . ) you mean the prisoner ? man ( v.0 . ) no , no ... Beyond @ far doorway , in a adjoin ' room , we see the dim outline of a young man slump in a straight - back chair , arm tie behiad hin . man ( v.0 . ) + be be in the next room . horman ( v.0 . ) be he alive ? int . a basement storeroom - day 97 the small , dark room be jamme with cast - off fumi - tura , bale of papers , official record . a fortyish blonde woman mend a blouse occupy the only chair . a young 20y lie on a cot , read a spider - man comic . 97 . near the door , horman , Beth and reese be talk to a chin , wiry little man who project both cocky concrol and ' explosive tension . horman ask if he son be alive : man more or lass . beth waat do that mean , ' more to less ' ? man I be only tell you what I hear . horman well , what the hell do ' more or less ' mean ? man apparently , he have be ... rough up during interrogation . beth how badly ? man I do n'c know , I be not there . horman you ' friend 's be . man y agra friend . Mr. horman . labo $ regime be ay friend any long . bete all right . whe be the american officer in thar room ? man wao know ? the Ministry be full of they . they milgroup office be just down the hall from the General . even at chree a.n. , there 's 's always a american on rorman ( to Beth ) milgroup -- be that Davis 's bunch ? she nod . 98 . horman do they call the prisoner by name ? . man horsman ?... beth horman ? man maybe ... if I have be there , I would know for certain . he smile confidencly at horman . man after all , I be a honor Graduate of you Police Academy in Washington . - that 's queer news to horman . man T like America . there , it be mere democratic . someday I hope to o= Paris , please . the man shut up with a slightly humorous , apologetic gesture . : reese tell they what lutz say abour the prisoner . horman who be lutz ? beth the head of the ' local 's version of the CIA . paris he say the man must ' disappear . 's horman for God 's sake , why ? paris " re know too much . ' 99 . about what ? ( arent 3 's tt do not \nowe bue galy fev . have jortant people have be dacaine ac the tiaiscoy of Defense . most of they be kill shortly after interrogation . horman push ahead quickly , avoid the implication of that . . horman so what happen then ? parris they drive he back to the stadium . beth buc how could you order a american to disappear without contact the american authority first ? paris ( indignantly ) 2 do nce order he disappearance . beth I do not mean you personally ... paris listen . I be a police officer , but I be not a murderer . I incersogate , Task question , I seek clue . and i happen to be damm good at my job . it '' a rough job , and I be noe a soft man . but I be not either a butcher . I have always play fair . reese we widerstand all thac . but -- . paris T have work now for many different overmment . some , they politics agree with , other not so auch . but that never get in they way or mine ... util now . I cannor work for this Nazis . do you understand ? reese . yas , all rightc ... 98 100 . paris they be deser '' in just 2 few week , everything shas be beautiful about this country . : his passion create a momentary pause . - reese what we need to know be : could ovder a american to disappear without first check with the Americans ? part they would not dare . horman how can I verify all this ? paris ( zespond to naivete of question ) you could ask General lutz . when horman react to that , part make &@ garish , malo - dramatic , comical gesture of helplessness . ext . italian embassy . Day 98 4 taxi at che curb feature Beth in the front , reese in che back seat . horman stand outside , gaze coward the embassy garden where hundred of refugee woman and child circulate around numerous cent and makeshife isanctos . smoke from cooking fire drifcs up through @ crees . enter the raar seat , horman gesture ac the garden . horman how come there 's no man cutside ? reese point ac a commercial building roof across the streec where three man in one- way sunglass lean against che parapet . no arm in si it , yet they be very sinister , and horman understan immediately . horman oh . ' the driver shift into gear , and pull away . a van with cwo man inside have bean park across from che embassy . as the taxi depart , the van 's driver execute a fast u- curn and follow it . 99 100 101 . int . taxi - Day 99 horman . do you think that prisoner in the other room be Charles ? reese do you ? borman no . what could Charles possibly know important enough to be there ? eth maybe i's what he discover in vina . ( low ) you say he take note ? she nod . reese ( somewhat indifferent ) De you still have chem ? 8 at the hocel . ext . a STREET ahead , 10a twe young man be feverishly deface a wall with spray paint : pinoch ----~ assassin as they design the lasc letter , a jaep veer around a corner and skid to a stop . a Officer jump we , shout : at the man . they drop they spray can and start flee , each in a differant direction . the Officer draw he .45 and fire at they . at the same cime he command he gunner to man che jeep 's .50 caliber machine gum . the gunner swivel the fifty and begin pump shell into the wall , licerally blasting the message to bit . the cabbie slam on the brake and the car squeal to a stop . the tailing van . duck into a paxk place - @t the curb . the four of they gawk through the windshield as the two sloganeer escape . and the gumer disintegrate che grarfici . 102 . beth ' Jesus ... something snap in horman . all of a sudden he kick open he door and start to scramble out of the car . beth Ed ! horman have just clear the door , when reese grab he sleeve . he bump back against the taxi as the front passenger door open and Beth jump out , bar he way , grab he shoulder . reese , beth me. horman ! ( terrify ) what be you do ? cabbie ( Spanish ) gec back in the car ! Beth shove , reese pull , horman lose he balance and topple back inside . Beth slam the rear door and swing inside , slamm she door . the machine gunner in the b.g. step . reese what eat you try : to do , gec we kill ? in 8 horman ( livid , voice incredibly strain ) I be sorry , buc . I be beginning to grow tired of all chis ... shie the cabbie hang a fast uscurn , zoom off in the ocher direction . the van driver loop around and continua he pursuic . reese what be it with you hermans ? you have get a death wish ? horman I be just tired . reese I see you son do almost che same dumb thing ... horman look surprised for a moment , than speak : horman he do thac ? lol 102 103 . reese I couldn 'c believe ic . horman speak with a mixture of bewilderment , surprise , concern ... even a little pride : horman he 's crazy . int . beth' HOTEL room - night : 108 closeup on reese , stand at a window with a drink -- neat , warm bourbon . Seth read over the scene . back to santiago . trip uneventful aside roadblock incident detailed page 12 . ' reese ponder a momenc , then turn away from the window . bech ts on the bed , Charles 's notabook in she lap . horman sit in front of a’table litter with the vemain of a room -service dinner for three . reese Davis drive they back ? Beth nod . suddenly , reese bend over tha notebook , check . reese hmm ... borman what 's that mean ? ( to Beth ) ge back to where they meec crater . Beth start to flip back through the note . insert : vina HOTEL porch - day 102 repeat flashback of Charlie and Terry first meeting rater . May I voreow ah if iy orrow that ex ou be 7 pap : x 103 204 , creter ( laugh ) you would do better to ask in English . charlie Ray -- you be american ! reese's voice skip ahead ... to why he be there . creter I be with che navy . we come down to do a job and it 's do . terry do you have any idea how long we will be stick here in vina ? creter --- a week ! do not worry , though . the coup go very smoothly . you be competely safe . charlie be ic plan far in advance ? ( 1 speter dee a bear shie im the wood ? charlie do you think the United States will tecognize the new government ? creter that 's up to che politician ... beth ( v.0 . ) ' rad -haire woman appear edgy . cratar stop calk . ' resume HOTEL rogm 103 sitting at 2 desk , reese jat down a note . reese be it creter who introduce they to Ryan ? '' Beth thumb through the diary util she find the relevant entry . bete no , Charlie introduce himsel .. , 104 los . vina HOTEL lobby - day 104 beth ( v.0 . ) -+. the next day in che lobby . Charlie be beside Terry on a couch , immerse in a japer . stevie wonder 's " you be the Sunshine of my lize " boom from a loudspeaker . tn full uniform , Ryan descend a staircase and go to the front desk . spot he , Charlie rise , tuck the Paper under a arm , and walk over . charlie Colonel ... ryan ( smile broadly ) well , hello there . what be you do in this neck of the wood ? : charlie ' my name be Charles horman ..: while the two man shake hand : beth ( ¥.0 . ) ' I explain we have come here for one day and get stick by the coup . ' ryan you will be here awhile . the road be close . charlie what 's happen in santiago ? ryan the milicary 's do search and destroy mission . juse like in viarnam . Charlie blanch . ryan there 's body everywhere . it 's a royal mass . charlie how scon will the road be open ? ryan right now , I do n'c mow . buc give @e you recom number and I will keep you post . 105 106 106 . Charlie maka 2 note on '' pad , as Ryan smile cordially , and retreat . resume the HOTEL room - day : . . 105 beth " I be terribly anxious about Beth .. ' she be move by the note , lancing up at horman , who be not face she . then leaf through three page of incimate note to : beth ' next morning ... crater be sit in lobby with carton of kent and without Lady friend . 's reese be now take note . vina HOTEL lobby - nay 106 Charlie lock anxious and dishevel as he hurry through che lobby ahead of Terry . charlie hello . how 's it go ? ' creter . can not complain . and yourself ? charlie T complain ... at che reception desk , he try the phone -- but they still be not work . meanwhile , creter cur to Terry . creter where be you go when you leava ? terry Peru , and Bolivia . creter «+. v@ty pretty in Bolivia . o£ course , they have problem there now , toc . Charlie have return . charlie well , if they get problem , maybe you will be go there next . 107 . creter I know I be go there next . hold briefly on Charlie 's surprised face . nwh ald naval engine be do at will a nava er oe in Bolivia , one of evo’ land -lockad country in Latin America ? 's Ryan enter the lobby . Charlie perk up hopefully . charlie Sir -- any news ? ryan so far , no - % qt£ ll be you , I wouldn' be sc°anxy ous to be there , it ts a-real battle zone . Charlie bang he head in frighten frustration . ryan why do n'e you come with I ? I kmow where you can radio you parent ia the United scate and cell chen you be safe . charlie I mow I be safe . [ c 's my wife I and scared about . 107 '' int . ryan be car - Day 107 Ryan , Charlie and Terry occupy the fronc seat . Ryan ask Charlie to open he attache case . Charlie comply , revealing a .38 caliber pistol atop papers mark " top secret . " . charlie hey , do I @ favor -- do not go over any bump . all I need to wake the day complete be a big hole in uy - head ... smiling , Ryan remove some paper , close che casa , and scan the papers while drive and talk . charlie do you mind if I ask a question ? ryan go ahead , charlie how do you feel about chis coup ? 108 , ryan ( without hesitation ) very good . I have be in a lot of frustrating situation before this . I be in Key wese wait to go in at the say of Pigs . I would even take advanced scuba course for the invasion . if Kennedy have provide decent air cover and proper military support ' there , we never would have have this problem here . after thar I serve three cour in viecnam as a Green beret . qur strategy over there be lousy , toc . we should have just go in and wipe they out ... . Charlie and Terry exchange a very uncomfortable look . beth ( v.0 . ) " we arrive at home of Paul eppley where Naval Mission radio be install ... ' 108 resume HOTEL carrera room ° 108 the racaieg ea ble chcoug le receive @ cable Panama on September léch . _ reese take a note . Beth turn another diary page . bet ' after radio dad , Ryan offare go avrange ride to santiago with Captain Ray Davis , usn , woo be vaturn there with Herbert Thompson . 's horman and the next day chey come back . cure pp @ page uk ... yes ... ' September 15th . checked out of hotel and Ryan drive we he e for quote , go away , unquote , barbecue . 109 _ext . / int . ryan's house and backyard - day 109 a large . twoestory house on a quiet street . Terry be with four american women gather around a table . at a work countar , a indian woman prepare a salad . log , Kitchen shelf and counter display familiar brand name : ritz , pepsi , lux . we could be in Peoria as easily as vina . thro ! a window we see Charlie and Ryan at a barbecue with four other men , voady whom have , a ueeting military stamp . everybody 's cheer jy Z sudvaletr ( except Charlie , who smile thinly , take it all ia ) . first man look ac that , for Christ 's sake ! he 's riffl . thro 's @ stack of 8 xl0 black and white photo , of the presidential Palace . t la first man mean , say that 's a pretty sloppy rocket job . second man hey , what do you expect ? they be not even active pilot . third man what be you talk about ? a glance from the barbecue 11 juste as Ray bavis® ear from around the side@oe the house . he bequeathe to the second man he steak spatula . ryan do not lee the animal burn , Harry . Harry neds and continue the discussion . harry ol 's General leigh do not chink he line guy could cut ic so he hire four ex- jockay to fly the mission . teird man 4w , coma on , Harry ! harry they be all retire from the Air Force . Charlie be more interested in the two man conderr several zm away . occasionally , Davis turn and ock over to '' then back to Ryan . after 2 moment , they ' walk over co che barbecue where the other ec Davis warmly . clearly , he 's ac che top of this hierarchy . ryam escort he to Charlie . ryan here 's you chauffeur , Ray Davis ... Charlie horman . 110 110 . they shake hand . davis please to meet you , Charlie . ( smile ) Sir , 1£ you cae get I back to ny wife , tit personally award you the Medal of honor . but Davis ' manner remain cold , highly impersonal . he size Charlie up in a very precise , calculate way ... resume HOTEL carrera room ' 110 reese herb Thompson do not tide back with they 's beth I guess not . reese I wonder what herb be do there ? who 's he ? reese the number two man in the embassy . ( beat ) se the boss cf milg= and the senior political officer boch happen to be in vina when the coup start . wearily , bech close the notebook . horman go of reese 's desk , lock down at che noce pad . he notice a number tattooe on she forearm . he look at she , shocked ; she look at he with a small , sad smile . she reverse the pad for he . one note stand we , underline , we come down to do a job_and it 's do !!! horman what do you think creter mean by that ? beth obviously we navy come down to help out with che coup . this time , horman nod he head , take she dead seriously . ul ambulance line up outside , roof 11 . reese perhaps . consider we track record in Latin America ... she start pace , try to put it all together . reese tf we be not involved in the coup , everything Charles see in vina mean poch . if we be involved , it still do not mean much ... but ic could be significant . or somebody might think it be . at least enough to take a look at he jacket . horman ' jacket ? 's reese his tecord . there be a file on every american national Li : here . and if somebody review chat + and discover he would be work for fin ... well , chat somebody might conclude Charles be a guy they should take a closer look at . beth dé you think that 's whac actually happen ? reese tt sound very possible . horman tub he brow , chen he eye . he mum he finger through he hair . horman Te doas not look good , do it ? no , it do n'c ... int . a reception room - pay . lll the place be toc dirty and cluttere for a hospital wait room . a serie soundlessness cranscribe the scene : death ... on che air . oor not . window we see ts flash . accompany by a man in gra’ coverall , menall : approach horman and be . 7 mcnally tris okay . he 's go to take we 112 112 . the man open a door , lead then downstairs toward the basement . int . basement 112 the man hes open heavy double door , hold then umtil they pass Taco a dark area . there , he veach up to throw a switch , and overhead neon light flicker on , revealing a long white room , line on oth side with row of corpse . a second neon light , further into the room , pop on , sipoging still more corpse . finally , yet another overhead light illuminate even mote body . bech , hormen and mcnally reace similarly , shocked act the sight of so many dead people . ho ( to Beth ) I think you should waie upstaiz . dismiss : the suggestion , she move courageously past hin tate eas room the three of they begin lock over the dead body , but the man keep on go . then he stop , wave at che corpse . man no , no ... this have all be identify . come this way . they follow he through another double door at the far and of the room , and the scene be repeat . Three nore string of overhead neon flicker on , garishly lighting another room full of bodias , man this , too ... they have all be identify . and they continue afcer he , pass into yet another grisly storage area . man the identity of this have not yet be determine , homman and mcnally begin walk down one side of the room , bech start down the other side . Beth pass from cotpse CO corpse , eye study che lifeless face . most be young chilean man , stain by gumshot to the head and Upper torso . 113 113. they hand be mostly rough , callouse -- work man , peasant . occasionally she spot the soft , white hand of a intellectual . mcnally be several body ahead of horman , toutinely check a photo of Charlie against the dead man . suddenly , from Beth , we hear a sicken gasp of recog - nition . ( aimo : sen ring ) almost spe : oh God ... his head snap around . he see she stand over 2 corpse . he rush over . the bedy in frone of she be not he son . horman wao be this ? Frank teruggi . raising she face , she close she eye , and snarl in desolate , frustrated , keel - haul tage : beth Jesus ... chrise ... almighty ! mcnally coma on , lac 's get she out of here . he grasp she be , but she fling he hand away angrily . ge beth bh a '' you cotton - pi. and of of mar , mister ! pro ace leave this place wmril I 'a through search for ay husband ! mcnally give I a hand , would you , Ed ? horman you hear what she say ... int . reception room at morgue - Day 1 ' Beth be huddle on a bench , exhaust . horman stand near she , shake up . in the b.g. , purdy , mcnally , and two other embassy es talk with a Army Major and three uniform carabinero . 114 . he look over at Beth , then he walk over and slump down on the bench . he sit there , hunch over , rub he eye . finally , he murmur bleakly : borman what kind of a world be this ? beth wow ... that 's weird ... horman what ...? beth Charlie once ask that question . in exactly the same tone of voice you just use . ( she shiver ) it 's eerte . bo when be chat ? seth we be in ecuador , near we , a indian family . a mother , father , three child . the whole family be die of tuberculosis . ies @ painful memory . she - be silent for a moment . en : bete Charlie come to I with tear ia he eye , and he say : ' what kind of aworld be chis ? 's brief pause . : beth 4 few week later we arrive here where health care be free , and syerz child receive a half licer of milk a day . there be sidewalk cafe , warm friend ! pecple . Charlie say , ' I love ic . this 4s where I want to be ... ' purdy break away and cross coward korman and bech . purdy ie appear ta : 4 be pick up for a curfew violation , decain in the scadium , then release . 114 115 . purdy later that bight , carabinero find he dead on the street . horman how come the scate Department tell we he have leave che country ? purdy probably some screw - up with local immigration . int . horman' HOTEL carrera room - night . 114 dress in a robe , Ed be seat next to the bedside table , talk on che phone . on the table be a Bible , @ travel alarm chat read 1:22 , and a small frame photograph of Elizabeth . his voice be drowsy wich acigue . horman -. no , it 's just chac every new '' curm seam co lead we right back to the beginning . we be go around in circle . & vaeceiver ) _ Elizabeth ? hallo ? ... yeah , that 's better . . ( pause ) yes , cay so you too . I will . --. God bless . he hang up , stare at che phone a moment , then lie back on the bed , close he eye . a few second pass . then the phone start to vibrate , give off 2 ging SOUND . horman 's eye blink en . to lift the receiver , he notice the clock and the photo ara also qeprating . a sharp crack follow . and the room be jolted by the open tremor of a earthquake . horman sit up just as the second shock hit . he swing '' bis foot onto the floor and be about to tise ... he brace , await the next jole . when it do not hic , he rush to the door and enter the hall . 115 116 117 116 . int , hall 115 bech be racing ouc through she door , pull on a robe . other soor bang open : panicky , inali-dressed guest surge into the hallway . then a big jole hit , trigger scream and shout . horman grab bech 's hand and they head for che staircase . int . lobby 116 pandemonium here . disoriencted people stagger around cry , hysterical . perched on a chair , the night R shout alternately in Spanish - and English : manager be calm ! the hotel be earchquake - proof ! no need for alarm ! you be all safe ... but the next tooth -rattle giant tremor stampede guest toward che front door . leap off he chair , che manager race to the exit , and cry to fighe back the terrify crowd , : manager no , please ... the curfew . do not go out ! aman jostle he aside and shoulder open the decor , drag he wife and child curside . other follow into the night . the manager plead with che resc mot to follaw . . manager you must not go outside . the soldier ... a burst of automatic weapon FIRE from outside . than , the first man out bang into the deer , and he and he family topple back into che lobby , follow by the other who escape . the lobby mezzanine 117 horman and Beth have descend to this level . a large ' window behind they look down onto the street . mo gusfire . they rush to che window and lock down . 118 119 117 . ext . the STREET 118 people tumble out of they house in panic . Soldiers race up and down , wave rifle , shouting threat . terrify civilian in pajamas and bathrobe be shouting back at they angrily . a soldier raise he ar - 16 and fire into the air . the civilian be : tear between two terror in a crazy , catch - 22 scene . int . mezzanine 119 Beth 's finger dig ince horman 's arm , and they lurch away from the window , head for a railing t circle the upper level . everybody be rigid , poise , await the next after - shock . . second tick by -- nothing happen . we hear shot again -- but from farther away . the stillness be gradually break . snippet of dialogue carey from the lobby . somebody laugh nervously . slowly , thing return to normal . light in che upper level bar snap on . and in no time , 4 small gang crocp upstairs toward che bar . Beth still grip horman 's arm . he give she a fragile smile . '' , aware that she 's be cling . tightly , Beth relax she hold . she 's about to lac go , when he touch she hand tenderly . horman ts 's all right . I do n'e mind , Beth shiver , brush she head against he shoulder . beth whew . thank you ... horman do you want to go up ? setr not juse yee . I be still cry to ' come iowa . ' Ed do not : get ic at first . then he understand the play on word , and chuckle . 120 118. it 's start to swing . a guest at the piano play scoet joplin 's horman be draw to the scene . horman . do you feel like a drink ? she hesitates . horman : might help you get back to sleep . bete all vight . but noe in there . look around , he spy cwo chair at a small round table a nearby alcove . ho ( point ) you go sic down what would you a ? . beth a triple shot of bourbon , neat , with a vodka chaser . he blink : she chuckle sadly . beth T be only joke . ... a glass of white wine ? for a second , bath watch nim walk coward the baz . then she head for the alcove . int . alcove - minute later / 120 horman arrive , place two drink on the table . he settles opposite Beth . this be a awkward moment , as each take they glass in hand . there 's a pressure to offer a toast . bur , give the circumstance , what kind of toast could chey possibly suggest ? ' then Beth vaise het wine glass , extend it toward she father - in-law . 119 . beth Ed ... he lift he ow glass . they clink rim . beth L ' chain . horman what do that mean ? beth to life . Charlie and I always say ic . they drink . then a rude little aftershock bring they both to the edge of they seat . they await , anxiously , but there 's no further disturbance ... and they settle back a litele . his drink between he hand , gaze down into ic , able to look up , horman gather the courage to speak . horman Beth , I owe you a apology . she start co shake she head softly . borman for a long time I have sell you short ... both of you . I do not know why . I guess I and older ... and scubbern . he halt . seill unable to look up . ' Beth stare straight ac he , she eye wide open with intense compassionate concern . she be very tired , also deprass . and yet , in chis light , in this circumstance , liste - to what this man be quietly and humbly say to she , she appear extraordinarily beauriful . , 120. rorman in the past week , 2 feel as if my heart have be rip out of my chest , and beat to a pulp , and then stuff rudely back in my body again . Beth reach , almost touch he hand . . beth Ed , it 's all right . he look up . horman I feel very guilty ... beth Charlie once cold I guile feeling ave like fear -- give we for survival , not destruction . after another pause , Ed speak : quietly , passionately . horman for what it 's worth , Beth , I think you be one of tha most courageous people I have ever meec . now tc 's she turn to look down , bite she lip to stop the tear . horman T mean it . sane nod , refuse to look up . beth thank you . thay allow they feeling cto settle for a@ momenc . when she be in control , Beth look up . beth can I ask you a real hard question ? he nod : sure . bech gather herself for a moment . then : beth De you think he 's dead ? his eye flicker away . in turmoil , he sip he drink . lai. borman ) ( va ; y evasive I do not enew : beth ( gently ) but that 's not how you feel , be it ? ' slowly , horman shake he head . he look very close to defeat . then , after a while , in '' truly weary voice , he change the subject : horman I speak with Elizabeth tonight . bete and ... 2 eorman she talk with somebody ac che Ford Foundation today . they chink we should contact Peter tell . the : * man who head up they office here . beth De you mind if for skip chat one ? they lift they nearly emty glass to each other again . horman --. I guess you kid love each other . . bete very much . we see in he aye , suddenly , a apprehension for she ++» if Charles should be dead . 121 int . reception room - ford foundation - day 121 : a tiddle - age woman look past camera shake she woman I be very sorry , siz , but Mr. tall : be out of the country cill Monday . horman stand across a desk from the woman . on the wall behind she glicter a huge brass Ford foundacion plaque . 4 door open and a young man appear , ask poliraly : 122 122. man can I be of ' any help ? horman : no. iwas just pay a courtesy call on Mr. tell . suddenly interested , the young man stick out he hand . man you be me. horman , be not you ? nodding yes , horman shake hand yet one more tim , very mechanically . . man Peter jarvin . I be a economic advisor with the Foundation . would you come with I for a moment ? borman tt deon 's want to bother ... jarvin Te 's no bother . please . horman all right . jarvin walk off , and Ed follow . at the end of the hall , jarvin open '' door , ushere horman through it . int . a conference room 122 the large , panell room be dominate by a enormous oval cable surround by tan chair . jarvia point toa . jarvin please . have a seat . horman gaze . jatvin plant a hip on the edge of the table , look down at he . jarvin I have a friend I play tennis with . I will not identify he except to say that he work for a English - speak embassy here , and be close so someone with good contact in the military . ( beat ) he think you son be execute in the National Stadium on September 20th . 123 . a tiny rush of air escape horman 's lip . he sit there for a long moment then check the date window on he wrist watch , . borman ( bewllderedly ) that be almost a month ago . jarvin nod . borman can I speak with you friend ? or with he contact ? : jarvin I be afraid net . thesa be very dangerous time . suddenly , horman 's aye grow sharp and urgent . he vealize that if he do not grab this opportumicy , he may never have another one like it . and he word spill out in a rush as he whole demeancr , as every molecule in he body , positively aches for a break : r'ut wh at , go anywhere . in any way . you can take I blindfolded with my hand tie behind my back ! jarvin ieca n'e do thar . I 'a sorry . stand , he walk to the window . jarvin I probably should nor even have tell you . horman gecs up shakily , peer at jarvin , who 's silhouett against the light . jarvin this be a terrible tragedy . wich all the control intensity and conviction and heart he can muster , horman beg : horman please . just give I a name ... buc the man 's silence be absolute . Ed confront chat , blink . he can 'c accept it . but then he realize that jarvin be give he no choice at all . and so , sagging , he muse accept it . 123 124 125 124 , horman all right ... I understand . thank you for tell I . he head in the wrong direction for the door , correct he error , and walk out . int . hallway - day 123 horman stop , disorient . where be he , and why ? what should he do now ? befuddle , he gesture alp - lessly , to nobody , in the desert , shiny hallway . int . U.S. embassy - hall - Day 124 at he desk , purdy be read a copy of the ocr , 21 , 1973 New York Times headline Nixon 's " Saturday night massacre . " glancing up , he spot horman pass in the hall . purdy hurry out . purdy me. horman ... horman be move with wounded purpose toward the ambassador 's suice . purdy trot after he , catch up at the ambassador 's door . purdy T have be try to call you all morning . oh ? Ed cock he head . purdy we have get some good news for you . horman whac be it ? that my son be exacute in that stadium two day after he arresc ? purdy ( startle ) wko tell you chat ? horman open the suite door , cross to the ambassador 's office , and enter , purdy on ais heel . ' int , ambassador 's office 125 the ambassador sit behind he cesk , Ray Davis be nearby . 125 . a rotund , middle - age man in a rumple blue suit be seat across the desk the ambassador smile . ambassador . 4h , good , consul . you find he . purdy be not thac overjoy about he find . " in fact , he play the next minute with a nervous frown , aware of what be about to be say , and unable co warn the other . . ambassador i. horman , this be Mr. timothy ss . Ross start to get up . but horman look very tense and sort of lopsided , and he 's obviously uniacerested in amenity . so Ross slump back down . ambassador me. Ross be a journalise with good access to leave - wing circle down here . and he 's dig up some interesting information about you son . horman fix the ambassador with a strangely inex - pressive eye , and make no comment . Ross i believe that you son be alive and well , me. horman . Ed 's expression do not change . but purdy cringe . ross Captain Davis ask I to inauire about Charles ' whereabouts . 1 for speak with 2 guy wha 's currently getping political refugee escape . he tell I he organization have secure credential for three Americans to leave santiago . and one of they be you son . horman ( flat , unemrional ) . and where be he now ? ross : in the North . he sould be out of the coumtry sometime next week . horman can I contact he ? 126. ross no , I be afraid not . ( smile ) . buc I will lay odd he 's home New York before you be . horman study Ross briefly . then he lock eye on the ambassador , and gesture at the journalist . his voice , when he speak . be calm , but ic project enormous , possibiy dangerous emotion . horman please . get he cut of hers . ambassador Mr. hor -- horman I say please . gsaiace Davis and the ambassador ) T want to talk with you two . alone . for a instant , nobody quite know what to do . then Ross start to leave . purdy begin follow , stop , and return to horman . ( low ) I ... l'll check you information we . horman be unresponsive . purdy back away : and he and Ross exit . when the door be close , Ed speak . hrorman I have reason to believe cthac my son have be kill by the military . - davis ( almost scoffing ) where would you hear that ? eorman and they would not have dare to kill he unless some american official co-sign the kill order . davis ridiculous ! we be here to protect american citizen . his word sowd patently hollow . 127. horman waver , fry to maintain he self - control , stare at the assador . his lip quiver . he 's also aware that there 's something terribly banal ' and useless in this conversation . ambassador Mr. horman , this mission have do everything humanly possible to locate you son . horman I think you know he be dead right from the start . and I be hunt 4 ... corpse . davis tf we know , why would not we tell you ? horman peer at hin , try rot just to penetrare Ray 's eye , but to understand something about the spiric that drive this kind of man . rorman I do not know the answer co chat . but I be go the find we . davis why would we want he dead ? horman maybe because he know about we involvement in che coup . ambassador we be not involved , Mr. horman . we position have be completaly neutral . Ed explode . how rorman can you say something that 's such a bald - face lie , sir ? you have get naval engineer and amy colonel in vina del Mar ! you have get american milirary people practically run the Ministry of Defense ... he see then tolerate he outburse with absolute , hard - ass , imperturbable calm . and stop , astonished at both ris own fury ... and they infinice indifference co be . he blink . bis face be squinch in disbelief . 128 . hold it a beat . then : ambassador , ++. please . sit down . no thanks . horman ope instead to go to the picture window overlook the embassy gardan . as he walk , Ed stagger uncertainly a couple of time , but he catch himself all right . @ ambassador 's eye follow he aeress the room . ambassador it 's very obvious that you be harbor some misconception vegard we role hera . horman what be you role ? to support a regime that order thousand of human being ? ambassador . let 's level with each other , sir . t£ you have not be personally involved in this ufortunace incident , you would be sicting home , complacenc and more or less oblivious to all of this . it 's hard for korman to argue with that . ambassador this mission -- be pledge to protect amarican interest . we iaterest , Mr. korman ! horman not mine . ambassador there ara over three thousand U.S. firm do business here . and that be american interest -- in other word , you interest . horman look out upon the garden . he study the broad , manicure lam , the neat , carefully - crimm shtub . no refugee out there . ' no tent , no fire , no desperate woman and child seek protaction and sametity . only a pretty , inescapable emptiness . ambassador T be concerned with the preservation of a way of lige , 129 , davis and a dam good way of life at that . 's horman flinch , remember that he use that ex - pression on Beth just a short while ago . then he indicate the expty garden : speak half to himself : . horman maybe that 's why thera 's nobody out there ... the ambassador stand up , look past he into the garden . he mull over the word ... and get the ressage . ambassador you can not have ic both way . horman turn away from che window , face the ambassador and Davis . [t appear he will speak ... but what else could he say ? and to what avail ? so horman cross the wide room . ac the door he pause , look back at that two for che last cime . he be beat . they be implacable , veile , serane . horman understand this more from theiz posture and attitude , than from anything else . for now they be dark silhouettes against thac picture window beautiful law and garden area that positively glimmer with control antiseptic radiance . and then Davis add a epilogue . his matter of fact voice come out of that faceless silhouette be extra - ordinarily calm , almsc gentle . it seem to coma to horman out of a enormously placid , and yet also profoudly evil draam : davis I do not know what pene to you kid , Ed . but I taderoeee he be . @ snoop , who poke he nose inte a lot of dangerous place he do not belong . now ... suppose I come up to you town , New York , and start mess around with the mafia ... and wound up dead in the East River ... and my wife complain to the police that they do not protecet I . ( pause ) she would not have a case , would she ? ( pause ) you play with fire , you get burn ... 126 127 130 . 4nd that 's it . absolute silence . the silhouettes do not move . a butterfly flutter outside the picture window . ext . HOTEL carrera - day 126 a police car be park at che curb , vooftop Light flas . a taxl pull up behind it . horman descend and h for the hotel , about to push on the revolve door , horman see bech on the other side . she be flanke by two men . one have @ grasp on she arm . the other be about co push on the door . horman grab the handle , block they exit . the man lea he weighe against che door , bur horman struggle to keep it close . after a brief test of strength , che man back off , and horman push inside . int . sotel 127 horman all right , whar 's go on here ? both Men wnderstand instancly that this rather non - descripc , exhaust , slightly shabby american be in a dangerous mood . : beth they just want to ask I some question about Charlie . horman whe ara you ? man with mustache T be Inspector rojas . [ I have instruction to bring Mrs. horman adquarter . to cur he horman for whar ? rojas intesrogacion . horman oh no . you be noc take she anywhere . he grab Beth 's hand , firmly lead she across the goeby to the front desk . rojas and che other man ‘o . 128 131 . horman pick up the phone . horman get I the american Consulate . beth what 's wrong , Ed ? he shake he head -- " nothing " -- obviously lie . beth what do they say at the Ford -- he hold up he hand , speak very deliberately into the phone . horman I wane consul purdy ... my name be Ed horman . . ( pause ) Fred ? there 's a man name rojas here who 's ... what ? okay , juse @ sec . he deliver the phone to rojas . rojas ( very solicicous ) yes , consul purdy :.. I underscand --- cattainly .. , IL will do as you say ... thank you . be veturn che phone to Homan . rorman yes ...? why ...? okay , but if 2 have any trouble with this ... yeah , yeah , all right . he hang up . hi ( to Beth ) T be go with you . he take she by the arm . they leave the hotal . int . investigation headquarters - Day 128 the interrogation room be a squalid intimidare Little cubicle . Beth wait in a straight back chair across a scar desk from rojas . herman stand behind she . rojas reel a form into he typewricer . 132 . rojas ( to Beth ) name of miss person ? beth look , I have go through this a dozen << . rojas name of miss person . beth Charles horman . rojas punch we the name with two finger . rojas - address ? beth 4126 vicuna mckenna . he type ir . rojas date of disappearance ? 3 September 17ch . rojas time of disappearance ? beth I be not sure . he look up again . beth he be arrest that afternoon . I do m't know exactly when . rojas time unknown . place of birth ? the door open and the man with rojas at the carrera stick in he head . man ( the rojas ; Spanish ) telephone call for Mr. horman . rojas ( the horman ) you have a call , sir . 129 130 131 132 133 . he point to the man at the door . horman ( squeezing Beth 's . 's der , I will be right back . he leave . rojas ( to Beth ) place of birth ? int . a hallway ~ day 129 many people mill around . most be relative and friend of people be interrogate . they face be tense anxiously . angry shout come from one room : a woman and a young girl outside the room strain to hear through the iz . borman follow the man into a office up the corsidor . int . the office - pay 130 the man point to a phone lie on a counter . horman pick ic up . . horman yes ...? int . purdy embassy office - pay 131 purdy be ac he desk , phone to he ear , face rav Davis and Colonel hon . purdy bye took into that , aoe Ed . '' appear you be tc . we have be inform that a body have be of naeseed through '' re-check of mor ; a ne . --. yes , sir , tim atcalt the be ... yes , he be bury on October 3rd ... intercut : 132 horman th a wall ? I do not underscand . 133 134 134 , purdy they do thae . [ t 's quite common down here . ( pause ) . no sir , no question about ic . Te 's he , horman be be he kill ?... I see . ++. Goodbye . horman hang up , close he eye , and pinch the bridge of he nose . then he open he aye -- they glisten with wetness . slowly , heavily , he turn , sae , tind no ome to say anything to , and leave the office . tnt . hallway 133 brow furrow , lip press together , horman begin to thread down through that corridor of anxious people . they part for he , or do not realize he 's come and bump against he , say '' perdoname . '' somathing timelea in Ed 's face we have not quite see there before . but we have see it ofren the face of the people ... at the National : Stadium , on the sidewalk , this corridor . now horman and all this people be kindre , . he arrive at rojas 's open door . the inspector be in mid-sentence . int . rojas ' office . 134 rojas + + , he party , mes. horman ? his political affiliation ? bech see horman . he can not speak , and so he beckon the come over . horman cat '' spat hosen with chat , he face cwist in anguish . his lip move almost footesquely , tear swell out of he eye , im - mediately soaking he cheek . at che same time , che full meaning of that line hit bech , and she move disbelievingly into che arm of she father - in- law . 135 136 137 135 . rojas May we please conrinue ? they hold each other cightly . bech be not cry yet , but herman camnot help ic , he be shattered , let go at last , he face contort in sorrow and baraly able to speak through he almost silent , shaking sob . ext . horman house - vicuna mckenna - day 135 Beth , Ed and mcnally circle around the front house , head for the horman 's ex-domicile in back . int . horman house - day 136 Beth and Ed be poke around in the shamble , gacher - awing , book , notebook , or other $ pertain to Charles that che soldier leave be ! . they place everything in the cardboard box . there be a desperate kind of softness in they move , suggest slow motion , a trance - like quality to the scene tinging it with exceptional ss . Ed may not be exy , buc there be chat air of pro - find anguish in he look , in he move . $ he perk aye be red , suggest it be the same day he learned for certain charfe be dead . mcnally stand aside , ineffectually . he 's embarrassed to be intrude on this tense , private moment . horman halt for a moment , straighten up . he exhales for emotional as well as physical relief . his be - wildare eye take in che mess . then he go over and place he hand against a wall in a strange , the way , almose as if feel for a heartbeat ... then he rest he head weatily against thac arn . int . airport coffee shop - Day 137 at a cable be horman , Beth , purdy and mcnally . horman be calm now , more rest , in control . Beth be signing form for mcnally , whe turn the page for she , when she si ; the lase page , he shuffles they all into a neat pile and slip c into he briefcase . mcnally to think thar do it . thank you . 136 . beth when will he be send back ? purdy in a few day . we have to gec some other clearance -- nothing important . we can ship ie hone by Friday . you be sure ? purdy you have my word on it . beth ( sadly , not bitrerly ) for what that 's worth . mcnally open he mouth to speak ... then fumble , en- barrass . then he decide ec broach it anyway . menally do you mention the ... ah , shipping charge ? purdy abhor che gaffe , but , since it have be make : purdy no , I ... uh , there 's go to be a fee ... along wich the air freight beth how much ? purdy check mcnally for cha answer . mcnally tt coma to 931 dollar . thac include the freight , too , of course . . seth you mean you want it now ? mcnally start to say " yes , " but purdy step on he purdy no , not , that be not necessary . when £ 2 arrive ... when the body be return ... 138 137 . horman do not worry . we will take care of ie . purdy ( nod uncomfortably ) Fine , good ... horman pick up the check and start to dig into he pocket . purdy reach for ic . purdy please ... let I get that . horman no . I wane to gee rid of this money . he drop @ small wad of chilean bill onto the cable . Trey all rise . int . terminal 138 purdy and mcnally huddle for a moment outside the coffee shop . then mcnally wave to korman and walk off . horman do not return che wave . : the three of they now head across the serminal toward the custom area where a long line of depart passen - ger await clearance . the Officer from horman 's arrival scene hurry up , salute purdy , and usher chem through a VIP gata . as they emerge from custom , we hear : reese's voice Mr. horman ... the newswoman hurry along with a bag in one hand , @ portable typewriter in che other , a tranch coat over het shoulder . horman hello ! reese walk up , smile at Beth , ignore purdy . horman : we call you room this morning . say you would already check we . 138. reese I be on my way to La paz . horman : Bolivia ? be not that , where creter say he be head next ? reese come to think of it , yes . we hear the La paz flight be call in Spanish . reese I have get to go ... horman offer he hand : kate juggle che bag into the typewriter hand , and they shake . horman thanks for all you help , miss reese . I be so horman nod understandingly . reese have a good flight . horman you too . and she 's go . Davis enter follow by a gold - braid officer . the officer salute purdy , and , speak in Spanish , point to the VIP gate . ac the same tima , Davis address Beth and horman . but Beth curn she back abrupely co horman oh not -~ wait a minute . no more ' american 's privilege . he turn and , with Beth , start walk toward the regular custom area . purdy and Davis follow after he , uncomfortable , a bit distraught . purdy listen ... I wish chere be something I could say ... or do abour ir . 139 139 . Ed curn around and with Beth confront he face to face : rorman I be go to do something about it ! purdy wait for the '' whae ? " with a '' happy '' smile . Davis be attentive and suspicious . rorman I be gonna sue you , Fred . you and Davis and che ambassador ... and everyme else who let Charles die . T will make if so hot for you you 'li wish you be station in Antarctica . Beth look ac horman , surprised , and also happy at he decision . Davis , on the other hand , take the news th a unconcern shrug . purdy fill with gloom . . purdy well ... I guess that 's you privilege , Mr. horman . horman no , it 's ay right ! purdy react to the determination in he tone . borman thank God wa live in a country where wa can still put people like you in jail . bech slip she arm chrough horman 's and they walk off towards the plane -- leave a visibly shake purdy in they wake . they move down a immense hallway with window on both side , the light flood in break over bech and '' invade they like hope . unless that be rothing bue despair . ext . JFK - day 139 tc 's a mean , dark April afternoon , a hard rain pound across the tunway where a cargo plane be be unlcadad . the air freight door be open and a long conveyor bele snake down the plane towards we camera . various item of freight trumdle down the belc , causin a phlesup jusc past the camera' range . then che final : 140 , it 's a box -- roughly casket shape -- make of cheap board , bound together with wire tie . there 's a handwritten legend on the side of the box : charle horman -- from santiago -- a title burn in over the shot : Seven month and sixteen day , later , Charles horman 's remain be return to he family . the autopsy , even though perform late , reveal that Charles be brutally torture before be szaguee by a bullee through he ead . on July 21 , 1977 , Edward horman file suit in the fifth districe Federal Court of New York , charge consul frederic purdy , capt . Raymond Davis , usn ( rec . ) ; assador Nathaniel Davis and nine other United States government offictal , include Henry A. kissinger and Richard M. Nixon , with complicity and criminal negligence in the death of he son . the suic be still pend . fade out . the end