Mississippi grind by Anna boden & Ryan fleck official white January 20 , 2014 official blue January 27 , 2014 official pink February 18,2014 official yellow March 3 , 2014 ext . riverboat casino parking lot - iowa - night 1 outrageous flash light sparkle in the reflection of the windshield of a 2003 subaru station wagon . slump behind the wheel be gerry kartwell ( early - 40s , mustach ) . he listen to Joe Navarro 's audio book of '' 200 poker tell '' on CD . joe navarro 's voice ninety -eight . furrow of forehead . furrow of the forehead be a good indicator that something be amiss or the person be insecure . it be also see when people be concentrate or try to make sense of something . close on Gerry , glassy - eye , perhaps fight back tear . joe navarro 's voice ( cont ’d ) it be usually associate with doubt , weakness , or concern . Gerry look in he rearview mirror , contort and relax he face in a tension - release exercise . he do this several time , until he 's ready . int . casino bathroom - same 2 we be behind the shaggy hair of a bearded man . he brushes he tooth , lean over the sink and spit . int . riverboat casino entrance 3 Gerry step through the entrance , nod to the security guard , who smile . guard hey Gerry . good luck tonight . int . casino bathroom 4 still from behind , we see the bearded man apply deodorant under he shirt , then tuck the stick back into he leather duffel . int . poker room 5 Gerry enter the casino 's poker room , step up to the cashier , hand over he player 's card and sixty buck . cashier hey Gerry . gerry hey Louise . how 's the knee ? official yellow 3/3/14 2 . louise it 's gettin’ there . she hand he a print ticket . louise ( cont 'd ) good luck . he glance at he ticket and wander over to he assign table , where he join several player await the start of tonight 's low-stake tournament . gerry ( to the dealer ) hey Chuck . chuck whatta ya say there , Gerry ? Gerry nod and Chuck slide over a stack of chip . also seat at the table be -- clifford houston ( 40s , wear a visor and goatee , with a permanent cranky scowl ) . will ( 20 , wear a hoodie and sunglass , listen to ipod ) . '' bloody mary '' kate ( 60 , drink a bloody mary ) . larry ( 30 , black , laid back ) . Gerry fold he card for the first several hand . there be a calm , casual banter at the table . kate anyone know the spread on the hawkeyes game ? gerry six point . clifford gettin 's hot out there . larry it 's just weather . clifford what do that mean , '' it 's just weather ? '' larry hot , cold ... it 's just weather , baby . official yellow 3/3/14 3 . kate I like that . '' it 's just weather , baby . '' Gerry and the other laugh . meanwhile , clifford have be raise Larry , and they reveal they card . clifford win and reel in he chip . clifford yeah , well , it 's just poker , baby . how 's that ? you like that one ? we zoom past Gerry at the table to reveal the bearded drifter approach in the background . this man be curtis vonn ( 30 , handsome with a devil - may - care attitude ) . we reverse zoom back to Gerry at the table , where the conversation continue ... gerry anyone see that rainbow yesterday ? clifford miss it . larry I drive to the end of a rainbow once . gerry yeah ? larry be not nothin’ there . just fade out into the tree . curtis have now arrive at Gerry 's table , pull out a chair . curtis table seven look like heaven . how be everybody feel tonight ? not sure what to make of this guy , most folk just nod . chuck ( pass he chip ) have a seat . curtis what 's the word , people ? official yellow 3/3/14 4 . kate it 's just poker , baby . curtis hey , it 's okay with I . l let 's play some card . Chuck dish out the next hand ; everyone peek at they card . curtis ( cont 'd ) ace be good , right ? curtis smile , bet a stack of chip . most player fold . not Gerry . he raise . without miss a beat , curtis meet Gerry 's raise . when the flop come down with a Ace , the one other remain player fold . but Gerry look quietly at the still - smile curtis and call bullshit , raise he once again . curtis look Gerry over , zeroing in on a missing button on gerry' shirt . ( it 's a odd detail to focus on in a moment like this , but that 's the kind of guy curtis be . ) he muck he card , and Gerry reel in the pot . clifford ace , huh ? curtis why would I fold ace ? minute later . a waitress come by . waitress anyone need any drink ? kate bloody Mary . gerry bourbon . curtis what be the bourbon ? waitress just the cheap stuff . curtis make mine a woodford . waitress I will have to check if we have -- official yellow 3/3/14 5 . curtis ( to Gerry ) -- hey friend , you want a woodford ? gerry the cheap stuff be fine with I . curtis bring he a woodford , too . gerry that 's okay . curtis do not worry , it 's on I . Gerry nod thanks . the friendly banter continue over multiple hand ... larry what 's the bad beat jackpot at ? chuck ninety five . kate when 's the last time it hit ? chuck Long time . curtis I get a bad beat jackpot story ... my old buddy , tony roundtree - - anyone know tony ? blank look and head shake . curtis ( cont 'd ) host a high roller game every other month in New Orleans now . but I know he when he be up in Detroit . larry you from Detroit ? the bet come around to curtis , who nonchalantly bet a large stack of chip . the next two player fold . curtis I ? I be from all over , but I know tony roundtree up in Detroit . ( more ) official yellow 3/3/14 6 . curtis ( cont 'd ) he love to play poker , but he keep dodging my invitation to play in the casinos . Story go like this ... on gerry scrutinize curtis for a tell ... close on curtis 's detail as he continue with the story : hand gesture , smile , hazel eye ... he show no sign of stress . Gerry fold he hand , and curtis rake in the pot . curtis ( cont 'd ) apparently tony have a little bit of a gambling problem before I meet he . you guy know about the disassociate person list ? not sure you have it in Iowa . but some state you can put yourself on this list if you be try to quit gambling . which mean you be legally ban from all casinos in the state . clifford for life . curtis for life . so you know what I be talk about . it make sense , right ? well , not to tony . he put himself on the list to show he girlfriend he be serious about change he way . of course , a few month go by and she dump he for a guitar player . kate it 's always a guitar player . curtis it be always a guitar player , be not it ? larry why be that ? kate Nice hand . curtis so he 's lonely and depressed and get the itch to play poker again . walk to the mgm -- '' sorry buddy . '' greektown -- '' no can do , amigo . '' motor City -- '' no dice , pal . '' so what do he do ? gerry disguise . official yellow 3/3/14 7. curtis yes ! he put on sunglass , fake mustache - - a wig . kate c'mon , a wig ? curtis I have never be more serious . he make it past security , take a seat in the poker room , and he 's in heaven . what a rush that must have be . he 's finally back in action , and -- the waitress return with a tray of drink . waitress I be sorry , they do not have woodford . we top shelf be bulleit . she set the bourbon glass in front of curtis and Gerry . curtis okay , fine ... but I be not pay for he . waitress I be sorry ? curtis I say he woodford be on I . that be not a woodford . awkward beat . curtis smile . curtis ( cont 'd ) I be only kid ... keep the change , darlin’ . curtis take a moment to enjoy the ritual of a toast . he hold he glass up to Gerry , who do the same . curtis ( cont 'd ) good luck to you , my friend . gerry thanks . they sip they drink . curtis better than the cheap shit , right ? Gerry shrug , nod politely . official yellow 3/3/14 8. kate so what happen ? beat . curtis transition back into story mode . curtis he 's at the table for a couple hour , play the best poker of he life . up four , five thousand , when some guy 's straight flush beat another guy 's four cowboy . everyone at the table know what this mean and laugh . larry jackpot ! curtis hundre fifty thousand dollar bad beat jackpot . to be split between all five player at the table . clifford thirty grand a piece . curtis thirty grand a piece . unless you happen to be a disassociate person who be break the law by just be in the room . so while everyone else be high - five and back - slapping , tony jump up , leave he chip on the table , and make a bee-line for the nearest exit ... and he have not step foot inside a casino since . curtis sip he bourbon . Gerry smile . kate and what be the lesson here ? curtis the lesson ? Lady , lighten up , it 's just a story . cur to : omitted omitted official yellow 3/3/14 8a . int . dive bar - later that night Gerry enter the bar with a bounce to he step . a college basketball game play on the tv . the bartender , dale , greet he . official yellow 3/3/14 9 . dale hey Gerry , how have it go tonight ? gerry place third . dale congrat ! what 's the payout on that ? gerry nine hundred . what 's the score here ? dale not sure . have a seat . Gerry straddle a bar stool , scan the tv screen for a score . gerry Oregon up six . okay . that 's okay . dale the usual for ya ? gerry uh ... actually , do you have woodford ? dale yeah . gerry let 's do one of that . Gerry keep he eye on the tv . a player miss a free throw . he wince . dale how much you get on this ? gerry nine hundred . Dale pour the woodford and Gerry take a sip , nod . dale it 's a woodford kind of night . gerry what do you mean ? dale that guy over there shoot dart like it too . official yellow 3/3/14 10 . we follow Gerry 's gaze over to the dart board , where curtis toss a dart , shrug , and pay he opponent five buck . Gerry smile , call out to curtis - - gerry hey ! woodford man ! curtis look over , recognize Gerry . gerry ( cont ’d ) next one 's on I ! curtis ( a little tipsy ) step over to the bar , sit next to Gerry . they shake hand . curtis name 's curtis . gerry curtis ! like tony . curtis more like mayfield . gerry I be Gerry . curtis like Lewis ? gerry no. just Gerry . with a G. short for Gerald ... like Ford , I guess . curtis how would it go for you tonight ? gerry not bad . curtis what 's '' not bad '' ? gerry second . curtis get outta here . that 's great . gerry could have finish first if you do not bully I out of that mountain before you leave . official yellow 3/3/14 11 . curtis win some , lose some . gerry hey , where would you disappear to anyway ? curtis I can never last through that tournament . gerry then why have you buy in ? curtis I like people . gerry well you should have stick it out . you be a good player . curtis for a few hour , maybe , but I do not have the stamina for poker . I get restless . gerry so what 's you game ? curtis dart . gerry you any good ? curtis I can hit the board . gerry hey , I gotta ask ... what be you hold ? curtis smile , pause for effect . curtis pair a deuce . Gerry stare at he , always look for the tell . gerry no way . curtis you ask . official yellow 3/3/14 12 . gerry that 's all ? no response . be this guy for real ? gerry ( cont 'd ) I can usually read people like a damn book . but you be all over the map my friend . I still can not spot you tell . curtis you know why ? Gerry wait for it . curtis ( cont 'd ) I do not care about win ... gerry bullshit ! curtis I just like to play . curtis shrug . Gerry watch he in wonder , then turn back to the tv . curtis ( cont 'd ) you see that rainbow yesterday ? Gerry stare at curtis . be he serious ? gerry yes ! amazing ! it be fuck amazing ! curtis best - rainbow - ever . gerry hey , why have I never see you before ? curtis I be just pass through town . gerry headed where ? curtis New Orleans . gerry I love New Orleans ! you go to you friend 's high roller game ? official yellow 3/3/14 13 . curtis tony roundtree . Nah , I do not have that kind of money . gerry so , what then ? curtis what do you mean ? gerry you be just go down to New Orleans for the hell of it ? curtis pretty much . gerry damn , that sound alright . curtis it 's alright with I . later . Gerry and curtis be hunch over the bar , drunk as hell , Gerry in the middle of describe a memorable poker hand . gerry I know he have my two pair beat . but I also know that he do not know he have I beat by the way he be betting . I have four or five already on the line , so I figure , what the hell , and I push the rest of my chip in . he sit there for five minute . just stare at I . so I say '' tell ya what . for fifty buck , I nil show you one of my card , whichever one you wanna see . '' curtis break into a smile . curtis and whichever card you flip ... gerry ..- he think I get a full boat . curtis beautiful ! gerry yeah , it really be . it be beautiful . 10 official yellow 3/3/14 14 . beat . Gerry take a quarter out of he pocket . gerry ( cont 'd ) twenty buck ... head or tail ? curtis tail . Gerry flip the coin . it 's tail . he hand curtis a twenty . gerry where do you come from ? curtis I be from a far away land where rainbow run free and whiskey grow on tree . on gerry for a bewilder beat . he almost believe he . later . Gerry and curtis drunkenly play dart , miss the board entirely , laugh . int . cluttered live room - next day 10 Gerry be pass out on the couch with a blanket drape over he . Sun shine through the window . the sound of silverware clinking stir he awake . Gerry struggle to open he eye , and see a young woman , DENISE ( 20 ) sit down at the chair opposite he . she 's wear pajamas and sprinkle quik chocolate powder over a bowl of ice cream as she watch the morning news . Gerry look around , struggle to remember where he be , when curtis pass through the doorway in the bg and stop upon see Gerry . he 's naked , brush he tooth . curtis ( mouthful of toothpaste ) oh , good , you be up . gerry you too . curtis hey denise , you get any coconut oil ? DENISE I have lotion . curtis nevermind . curtis disappear into the bathroom . official yellow 3/3/14 15 . gerry be you he , uh ...? DENISE just friend . gerry thanks for the couch . DENISE you want breakfast ? curtis return in a pink robe . curtis Dog race start at one . gerry what time be it ? DENISE nine-thirty . gerry shit. curtis what 's wrong ? gerry I have work . curtis you have a job ? Gerry nod , put on he shoe . gerry where would I leave my car ? curtis hang on ... look who 's run in the sixth race . curtis hand a newspaper fold on the race schedule to Gerry . curtis ( cont 'd ) Dynamic rainbow ! be you kid I ? be that not we dog ? look I in the eye and tell I that 's not we dog ! Gerry look over the schedule , tempt . 11 official yellow 3/3/14 16 . gerry it 's a good name . curtis it 's a great name ! stand up , Gerry instinctively pat he leave pant pocket to check for he wallet . nothing there . curtis notice , pick up a wallet sit on the coffee table and toss it to he . gerry thanks . Gerry hold he wallet awkwardly , fight against the urge to look inside . curtis go on . Count it . Gerry shake he head . gerry naw , I do not -- curtis c'mon . it 's okay . he open the wallet , quickly check he cash and card , then slip it into he leave pocket . curtis ( cont 'd ) trusting a stranger , Gerry . it 's just one of that thing . int . gerry' house - day 11 Gerry enter he home through the side kitchen door with a stack of mail . he flip on the light switch , but nothing happen . he turn the switch off and on again . still nothing . he mutter to himself , but do not appear surprised that the electricity have be shut off . gerry honey , I be home . a cat approach he , meow like crazy . gerry ( cont 'd ) I know , I be sorry , sweetheart . he put some food in she bowl . 12 13 14 15 official yellow 3/3/14 17 . int . gerry 's bathroom 12 Gerry sit on the toilet , when he notice the empty roll beside he . still seat , he lean over , open the cabinet beneath the sink . no extra roll . gerry . shit . int . gerry' live room 13 Gerry change he clothes in a hurry , when he cell phone ring . he check the number , see a income call from SAM , and decline it . ext . front porch - day 14 wearing dark shade to conceal he hangover , Gerry fumble with a huge key ring outside the front door . he can not find the right key for this home 's lock . gerry okay , I think this be it ... he jam the key in and furiously wiggle it , but it will not turn . gerry ( cont 'd ) nope . we will get there . he try another one . gerry ( cont 'd ) I be finally start to understand what you be after . and I think this one 's a real winner . a wider angle reveal a young couple wait on the porch with Gerry as he try yet another key . gerry ( cont 'd ) sorry about this , folk . they nod , politely . int . home for sale - kitchen 15 while the newlywed examine the kitchen , Gerry fixate on they interaction from the hall , try to get a read on they . the couple speak in hushed tone . woman I really want gas , honey . 16 17 official yellow 3/3/14 18. man well , could we switch it out ? woman I do not know . man where would he go ? woman he 's over there . man a gas range would be nice . on gerry as phone vibrate . he turn away from the couple and check a income text : it 's a photo of curtis at the dog track with the text read '' 45 minute to dynamic rainbow ! '' Gerry smile , think for a beat , then -- ext / int . gerry' car - day 16 Gerry drive on the highway talk to curtis on he phone . gerry I be on my way ! ext . dog track grandstand - same 17 we intercut with curtis at the track . curtis we race be up in twenty minute . what 's you eta ? gerry about fifteen . curtis okay , good . do you want I to place a bet for you ? they be say Dynamic rainbow have 48 to one odd . gerry 48 to one ?! that 's terrible . curtis that 's what make it fun , Gerry . I be lay fifty to win . what do you want to do ? 18 19 official yellow 3/3/14 19 . gerry 48 to one ? geez , I do not know . curtis you can bet to place if you want . gerry how many dog be racing ? curtis eight . first or second to place . gerry uh , let I think ... curtis do not stress , baby ; it 's just dog . gerry put I down for two hundred to place . curtis okay , see you soon . Gerry set down he phone and turn up he '' 200 poker tell '' audio book on the stereo . joe navarro 's voice number nine . nodding approval when strong . inadvertently , people will nod affirmatively when they realize they have the best hand . sometimes it look like the person be just rock . ext . dog track parking lot - day 18 Gerry run through the lot toward the main entrance . int . dog track grandstand 19 he enter the grandstand area , where a fantastic assortment of oddball character be assemble on a weekday afternoon -- most of they over 60 and smoking . Gerry spot curtis at the bar hold court with the regular . he have they laugh and wheeze . curtis Gerry , you make it ! ( hand Gerry he half full cup ) have a beer . official yellow 3/3/14 20 . gerry thanks . how 's it go ? curtis we be up next . we dog be so beautiful , Gerry . they walk it through , you should have see it . gerry good leg ? curtis great leg . strong , but agile . he 's a real winner . gerry I can not remember the last time I have be to a dog track . curtis but you love cat . be I right ? Gerry stare at curtis . how could he possibly know this ? curtis pinch a clump of cat hair off Gerry 's coat . Gerry smile , try to brush off the remain cat hair . gerry I be more of a poker man . poker and sport . curtis it 's a sport for dog . c’mon , let 's get closer . ( to the regular ) good luck you beautiful loser ! loser give be hell , weirdo ! curtis and Gerry stroll to the seating area . curtis do you know Herbert Hoover be the first U.S. President bear west of the Mississippi ? gerry I do not . curtis right here in Iowa . gerry you win anything yet ? alg official yellow 3/3/14 21 . curtis I be only here for one race . on the track . the dog step into the start gate . A19 grandstand . a commotion erupt behind curtis and Gerry as better cheer on a horse from the off-track -betting monitor . drawn in by the excitement , Gerry turn around to watch . curtis notice , pull he attention back towards the dog . curtis ( cont 'd ) be here now , Gerry . this be the only race . announcer here come rusty !! a horn sound and the dog sprint out of the gate , chase a furry lure ( rusty ) attach to a mechanical arm . curtis here we go ! the announcer provide a moment by moment description of the race as the dog tear into the first turn . gerry I can not see . where be he ? curtis c'mon rainbow ! announcer come out of the first turn it 's goldilocks follow by mystery train . as the other spectator cheer on they pick , a cacophony of voice shouting out different number nearly drown out the announcer 's voice . gerry where be he ? which number 's ours ? curtis number four ! * announcer come up on the outside be Dynamic rainbow . gerry Dynamic rainbow ! official yellow 3/3/14 22 . curtis c'mon rainbow ! gerry cc’mon four ! as the dog come into the home stretch , we see dog # 4 ( Dynamic rainbow ) move up into second place . Gerry and curtis go nut , urging on they dog . curtis c'mon rainbow ! gerry hot damn ! c’mon rainbow ! Dynamic rainbow be now even with the leader as they approach the finish line . Gerry let out a howl . announcer and it 's Dynamic rainbow by a nose . curtis scream , hug Gerry . gerry what ? what do he say ? curtis do not respond , but continue to dance in celebration , break into song ... curyt '' somewhere over the rainbow ... '' the realization finally set in and Gerry join in the celebration dance as if he just score the win touchdown of the superbowl . he scream and point at the other spectator , which may go against proper track etiquette , but who care ? the triumph be short - live , however , as Gerry be suddenly overcome with despair . gerry I fuck bet to place ! curtis you still win big . gerry I be a idiot ! why do not I listen to you ? * 20 official yellow 3/3/14 23. curtis Gerry , we win . let 's go celebrate ! we will get some drink , meet some lady , go to a show ... gerry go where ? I love this place . we can have drink here , meet lady here . curtis Gerry , Gerry , Gerry ... it do not get any better than this . let 's go have some fun ! gerry I just get here ! okay , listen to this ... next person through that door -- curtis Gerry -- gerry if the next person through that door be wear glass , we stay for one more . curtis you be on . they look over to the man 's room door , where a gray-haire man with a cane and glass , step out . Gerry smile . int . pool hall - night 20 Gerry and curtis drink bourbon at the bar . curtis I 'il tell you what , Gerry ... never bet on a dog name after a disabled president . gerry I think it be teddy . curtis rollin 's Roosevelt ? gerry it be a good name . curtis it be not a good name . next time listen when I say it 's time . official yellow 3/3/14 24 . Gerry 's phone register a new message . he check it , then tuck it away , ignore the text . curtis ( cont 'd ) there be this guy back in Kansas City , archie hannahan . never know when to quit . gerry I know where this be go and you do not need to tell I -- curtis listen , Gerry . gerry okay . curtis archie owed every poker player in town at least a few hundred buck . get to the point where he be ask he little nephew for the change in they piggy bank . one day he 's in the poker room at harrah 's . I walk over to say hello , notice he 's get a handsome pile of chip , over five grand . archie start brag that he start the night with just sixty buck -- sixty buck he borrow from some new chump , by the way . so I pull he aside , tell he he should cash out now . he 's get enough there to pay back everyone he owe and still get a slab at Oklahoma Joe 's . '' you be right , you be right , '' he tell I . '' i’1ll stop as soon as the blind come around . '' I smile , walk over to my table think I would do a good deed ... next thing I hear be archie 's high - pitch voice say ... '' I be all in ! '' gerry and then he lose it all . curtis of course he lose it all . but you know what he say to I ? '' do not worry . it be only sixty buck . '' gerry some guy be just bear to lose . official yellow 3/3/14 25 . a burst of jubilation from the pool table nearby draw curtis and Gerry 's attention . curtis you play ? gerry a little , but not in a long -- before Gerry can finish , curtis be call out across the room . curtis hey ! twenty buck on my friend here . gerry what be you do ? curtis I be gonna watch you play this big winner here . you say you play . gerry it 's be a long time . curtis so you will lose . gerry no , you will lose . curtis I be spend twenty buck to watch you make a fool of yourself . that 's not lose ; that 's entertainment . Gerry smile . who do this guy think he be ? gerry okay . you want entertainment ? Gerry stroll over to the Big winner 's table . gerry ( cont 'd ) let 's make it a hundred . curtis 's demeanor suddenly shift . curtis whoa , hey , Gerry ! play nice now . Big winner smile , rack up the ball , as Gerry chalk he cue , and lean over the table . curtis sip he drink , then -- 21 official yellow 3/3/14 26 . curtis ( cont 'd ) five hundred ! Gerry pause , look to Big winner who be now look a little less confident . he nod in agreement anyway . not to be outdone , Gerry stare down curtis , then ... gerry let 's play for a thousand . curtis smile , loving it , but Big winner ( and he friend ) be not amused . other folk at the bar also begin to take notice and step over . Gerry lean over the table , prepare to break , but Big winner put he hat over the cue ball -- big winner that 's enough . you fella do not belong here , do you ? gerry I be really not very good at this . curtis step over to the table , pull Gerry away , while Big winner and he tough guy friend give hard look . curtis let 's go , Gerry . this guy do not want we money . curtis and Gerry head for the exit and we hold on a skinny thug watch they go . ext . pool hall - night 21 curtis and Gerry stroll through the parking lot , laugh . curtis I can not believe you almost blow a thousand buck of my money . gerry be you kid ? I just save you from lose twenty ... so what be you up to tomorrow ? curtis I think it 's macchu picchu time for I . gerry say again ? official yellow 3/3/14 27 . curtis time for I to hit the road . Gerry try to conceal he disappointment . gerry okay . well , it be great to meet you . curtis you too , Gerry . good luck . they shake hand . gerry you need a ride someplace ? curtis Nah , I be just gonna steal a bike . Gerry smile , watch curtis drift away , then wander over to he car . he reach into he pocket , fumble with he key , when the skinny thug from the bar approach he with a cigarette in hand . thug hey man , you get a light ? beat . Gerry look the guy over . gerry uh , no , sorry ... suddenly , the thug pull out a switchblade . gerry ( cont 'd ) aw man , what 's that for ? thug gimme the money . gerry I do not have any money . thug bullshit . thousand dollar bet ? I hear you back there . gerry I can not believe this . thug just give it to I ! 22 official yellow 3/3/14 28 . gerry I tell you , I do not have any money ! I lose it on rollin 's Roosevelt . thug huh ? gerry what ? thug do not make I cut you . the thug threaten he with the knife . Gerry be get nervous . gerry okay , just relax . thug hurry up ! Gerry take out he wallet . flashes it . empty . gerry see ? thug do I look stupid ? a burst of laughter break out from the pool hall exit . startle , the thug react by stabbing Gerry in the belly ( not deep ) and book it out of there . Gerry cup he stomach , then check he hand , now bloody by the wound . gerry damnit ! Gerry realize the thug drop he knife before run . he pick it up . gerry ( cont 'd ) you forget this , asshole ! he throw the knife . wince in pain . Gerry gather himself , then climb in the car . int . blueberry hill diner 22 Gerry step into the diner , look around , and spot SAM ( samantha , a gentle - look woman in she 5as ) . she hug Gerry like they be old friend have a reunion . Gerry hug she back , but we sense he discomfort . official yellow 3/3/14 29 . SAM it 's so great to see you , Gerry . how long 's it be ? gerry oh , I do not know . a few month now . SAM too long . it 's be too long . you have be avoid I , have not you ? gerry no , I -- the waiter step up . waiter ( to Gerry ) can I bring you anything to drink ? gerry um , coffee , please . SAM forgive I , I get here a few minute early , and order a salad . but order anything you like . it 's on I . gerry oh , no , that 's okay . SAM of course , it 's okay . I insist . gerry thank you . I x11 have a burger , medium - rare . and fries . the waiter walk away . gerry ( cont 'd ) and how be you ? SAM oh , you know , same old grind . I have love to retire soon , but it feel like a long way off . how 's the real-estate ? gerry slow and low . SAM that 's too bad . I be sure it 'il pick up . official yellow 3/3/14 30 . gerry yeah . eventually . a long , awkward pause . Gerry tune in to the detail of Sam 's behavior : she nail clicking against she coffee mug , she false smile , the narrowing of she eye as she stare at Gerry . SAM do not make I ask , Gerry ... Gerry straighten up , as the waiter return with a salad . SAM ( cont 'd ) unbelievable . Excuse I , I ask for the dress on the side . waiter oh , I be sorry . do you want I to take it back ? SAM I want you to hold it between you knee . the waiter stare at she , confuse . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( to Gerry ) he do not get it ... yes , take it back , please . the waiter take off with the salad , and Sam call after he . SAM ( cont 'd ) I be here three day a week and every time with the dress . oh , boy . what be you gonna do ? gerry what be you gonna do ? another odd beat . a uncomfortable tension be mount . gerry ( cont 'd ) okay , look -- I have eight hundred last night and some meth head rob I by knife point and stab I in the gut . he lift up he shirt , revealing the blood-stain bandage . gerry ( cont ’d ) see ? official yellow 3/3/14 31 . SAM oh , god , you should have that check out . be you okay ? gerry yeah . thankfully . SAM I can not imagine . gerry it be pretty scary . SAM well , at least you be okay . gerry just a scratch . SAM could have be a lot worse ya know ? beat . Gerry sip he coffee , recognize Sam 's veile threat . SAM ( cont 'd ) so what do you bring I today ? Gerry nervously open he wallet , hand over everything in it . gerry that 's about eighty . I x11 have more for you next week . I mean I have eight hundred , but -- SAM -- the meth head . gerry the fuck meth head . SAM it be a bad beat . gerry the worst . SAM thing 'il look up . gerry they always do . SAM well ... not always . official yellow 3/3/14 32 . another threat . another tense beat . the waiter return with Sam 's salad . waiter sorry about that . SAM that 's okay . I be sorry about that knee comment . it 's from a movie . I could not resist . Sam 's phone ring . SAM ( cont 'd ) do you mind ? Gerry shake he head . Sam answer . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yeah ... oh geez , c’mon Laura ... I can not bring it to you at school , I be ina meeting right now ... call you dad ... how should I know ?... it 's not my fault you forget it ... maybe you shoulda think about that before you go out last night ... she cover the phone and whisper to Gerry . SAM ( cont 'd ) teenager . Gerry put on a false smile . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) okay , you know what , I be gonna do this for you , but this be the last time ... do you hear I ?... okay , sweetie , I x11 be by in half a hour ... do not keep I wait out front either ... Sam hang up , return she gaze to Gerry . SAM ( cont 'd ) you be lucky you do not have to deal with this shit , Gerry , I tell ya . gerry I hear ya . SAM what be I go to do with you ? 23 official yellow 3/3/14 33. gerry next week , Sam . do not worry about it . SAM tomorrow , Gerry . i’11 have Tim drop you a visit . gerry oh , hey , that will not be necessary ... no need to bring he into this . if you could just give I a few more day , I have a commission come in -- SAM -- get it together , Gerry . Sam stand up and lay $ 40 of Gerry 's money on the table . Gerry put he hand over hers . gerry I have the money . SAM I be sure you do . gerry this time it be not my fault . SAM I understand . Sam yank she hand back and start walk away . gerry just a few more day ! thing be turn around for I . you will see ... but she 's out the door . Gerry slump back in he seat . int . real estate office - day 23 a open area office with about a dozen desk station around the room . most people be go for the day , but Gerry and a secretary be still there . the secretary pack up she bag . secretary I be gonna head out now , Gerry . gerry okay , see you tomorrow . the secretary leave Gerry alone in the office . he finish scribbling some note , then file they away in he drawer . he sit alone . ( this be no kind of life . ) hold . 24 25 26 27 official yellow 3/3/14 34 . secretary's desk - second later 24 Gerry open the top drawer and remove a petty cash box . he pocket the cash , then head to the ... office supply closet 25 Gerry grab several roll of toilet paper , stuff they into he briefcase . int . home construction site - night 26 surrounded by hang tarp and construction material , six men sit around a card table , play poker , Gerry among they . the other player banter back and forth , relaxed and friendly , but Gerry sit low in he chair , play quiet and tense . he watch as another player collect a pile of chip . New card be deal , and Gerry take a peek . he fold he hand immediately , slouches deeper into he chair . int . bar - night 27 Gerry drink , slump over the bar -- the same bar he meet curtis in . he 's be there awhile , but order another bourbon . he mumble to himself as he pull a crumpled single and a handful of change from he pocket , count out the last of he cash . he stare at the pile of change on the bar counter , think , then take out he phone , dial ... gerry ( try to sound upbeat ) hey , curtis ! curtis ( muffle through phone ) Gerry ! gerry I know you be probably halfway to New Orleans by now , but -- curtis crazy day , Gerry ! I go to Chicago . gerry Chicago ? curtis yeah , I win a ticket to a bull game shoot dice this morning . so I go . ( more ) official yellow 3/3/14 35 . curtis ( cont 'd ) but I be back in you neck of the wood now . gerry ( perk up ) you be ? where ? in the bg , we see curtis enter the bar in a Chicago hat . curtis same place we meet the other night . Gerry and curtis be now stare at each other across the bar . gerry what place ? curtis smile and Gerry shout with excitement . curtis two woodford ! gerry yes ! this be good . this mean something . curtis what 's that ? gerry you walk in the door just as I be call you ... it 's a sign . curtis okay ... official yellow 3/3/14 36 . gerry last night , after you leave , some guy cut I in the parking lot . curtis cut you ? Gerry raise he shirt , revealing gauze bandage over the wound . on curtis . curtis ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? gerry I know . curtis you should get that look at . gerry it 's not serious . curtis do you know the guy ? gerry yeah , we play softball on weekend . no , I do not know he . he be mugging I . curtis okay , take it easy . gerry listen , what I be get at here -- curtis do it hurt ? gerry no -- it sting a little . what I be get at , curtis ... good thing happen to I when you be around . bad thing when you leave . where be this go ? gerry ( cont 'd ) I be just sit here think before I pick up the phone . I be think about that big home game in New Orleans . the disassociate guy . curtis tony roundtree ? official yellow 3/3/14 37 . gerry I want in . curtis that game have a twenty five thousand dollar buy - in . gerry okay . that 's a lot ... that 's a lot . but I have a plan . curtis I be listen . gerry we head down the Mississippi . curtis okay . gerry we head down the Mississippi like huck fuck Finn and Jim . curtis on a raft . gerry in a car . my car . we hit up all the action along the way . I know some weekly home game . riverboats . Memphis . vicksburg . curtis tunica . gerry absolutely , tunica ! curtis I be still listen . gerry I be in a hole now , but I be climb out . all I need be for you to stake I five hundred out the gate . curtis oh boy , here we go ... gerry no , it 's not -- look , it 's a investment . I / x11 play . ( more ) official yellow 3/3/14 38 . gerry ( cont 'd ) you will be my lucky charm . we split the winning even-steven . curtis take a beat to think about it . curtis what about you job ? gerry they will not miss I . curtis can I ask you a personal question ? gerry you may . curtis how much money do you owe ? gerry a lot . curtis to who ? Gerry think of the best way to answer this , then -- gerry everyone . curtis I gotta be honest with you , Gerry ... I do not think this be realistic . gerry I be a damn good poker player . curtis that may be true -- gerry -- this be very realistic . curtis I do not think so . gerry it be . it 's extremely realistic . curtis not with five hundred ... official yellow 3/3/14 39 . gerry you would be amaze what I can do with -- curtis i’1l stake you two thousand . you car , my cash . hold on Gerry - - a little stunne , as if he have never expect curtis to go along with he plan . then ... gerry hot damn . that 's what I be talkin’ about . 28 int . gerry 's house - morning 28 Gerry fill a second cat bowl with food . the cat meow she disapproval , so Gerry take down two more bowl and fill they next to the other . he open he dark refrigerator and dump the rotting food into a garbage bag . Gerry pick up he cat , give she a kiss . gerry wish I luck . 29 ext . gerry 's car - outside DENISE 's house - day 29 '' 200 poker tell '' play on the stereo , as Gerry tap the horn . curtis come out with he leather duffel bag , climb in the car . curtis where 's you cat ? gerry my house . curtis you just leave she all alone ? gerry she ’1ll be fine . curtis uh-huh ... curtis slam the door , and they pull away . 30 int . gerry 's car - minute later 30 head southbound on the highway . official yellow 3/3/14 40 . curtis tony roundtree once have a pet tiger . gerry a pet tiger ? curtis he win it play baccarat with a arab prince . clean the guy out , the prince do not want to stop play so he put he tiger on the table -- not literally , but you know . gerry yeah . curtis joke be on tony , though . do not know he have be hemorrhage money on the thing . he 's get to register it with the federal government , get a special permit . cost a fortune . and he can not leave it alone for more than a few hour or it rip up he furniture . not easy to find a pet sitter for a carnivorous tiger , so what 's the guy do when he travel ? curtis pause for effect . smile . curtis ( cont 'd ) first time I meet he be on the bar car of a amtrak train from Denver to albuquerque . I remember he wear a blue velvet smoking jacket and drank from a copper flask . Gerry nod , develop a picture of tony roundtree in he mind . gerry and the tiger ...? curtis tranquilize and check with the other cargo . gerry he check a tiger ? on a amtrak train ? curtis apparently they have a policy . but wanna know what it cost to check a 600 pound animal ? 31 official yellow 3/3/14 41 . beat . Gerry shrug , wait for it . but curtis 's attention be suddenly draw to the car radio . joe navarro 's voice number twenty - three : dilate pupil ... curtis hold on -- what be we listen to ? gerry this be '' 200 poker tell '' by Joe Navarro . it relax I . joe navarro 's voice when we be comfortable or like something , we pupil dilate . we have no control over this and with player that have blue or green eye , it can be quite visible . remember , sudden pupil dilation say , '' I like what I see . '' curtis be you serious ? gerry what ? curtis how often do you listen to this ? gerry whenever I be drive . curtis be you gonna make I listen to this all the way to New Orleans ? gerry we do not have to listen to it . curtis thank you . curtis eject the CD , hook up a aux cable to he iphone . a funky blue song begin to play . at first hesitant , Gerry begin to bob he head , enjoy the music . ext . cornfield highway - day 31 Gerry 's car cruise past a highway sign : '' St. Louis 211 mile . '' 32 official yellow 3/3/14 42. ext / int . gerry 's car - later that day 32 the music in play . he check do not last long , as Gerry have '' 200 poker tell '' back curtis be asleep next to he . Gerry 's phone ring and the call . decline it . curtis stir awake . curtis who be that ? gerry nobody . curtis you bring any snack ? gerry I have some jerky in the backseat . grab I some too . curtis lean into the back seat , come back with a plastic grocery bag and a cigar box . curtis Nice ! you bring cigar ? gerry oh no that 's not -- curtis open the box to find a random assortment of item . curtis what 's all this ? gerry nothing . it 's a emergency fund . just in case . curtis in case of what ? gerry emergency . curtis look through the box , find a couple watch , several rare coin , vintage baseball card , and -- curtis this a wedding ring ? gerry yeah . curtis get outta here ; you be marry ? official yellow 3/3/14 43 . gerry hard to believe , huh ? curtis I do not mean it like that ... what happen ? gerry she leave . before curtis can respond , Gerry turn up the car radio volume . curtis watch Gerry , who stare straight ahead , try to focus on Joe Navarro 's voice . clearly , this be still a sore subject . joe navarro 's voice false smile be use by bluffer . they look odd because sometimes only one side of the face be involved or the smile go towards the ear rather than the eye . it be a obvious sign of weakness and lack of confidence ... 33 ext . ST . louis steamboat - side deck 33 Gerry wait behind curtis as he knock on a cabin door . a sexy redhead , ( simone , 30 ) answer . simone can I help you ? curtis hi. she stare at he , smile . simone hello . curtis I be curtis . simone Simone . curtis I be wonder if you might be able to help I find a woman ? simone what sort of woman you look for ? curtis oh , about this tall ... official yellow 3/3/14 44 . he extend he hand to she height , then describe she feature . curtis ( cont 'd ) cinnamon hair ... soft pale skin ... devastating blue eye ... they exchange long , familiar grin . Gerry look on , wait for the payoff . simone hmm , I think I have see this woman you be look for . curtis ( lean in to she ) I know she 's close . I have be tracking she sweet scent for mile . simone ( pull away ) they say work class hound dog have the best sense of smell . curtis woof woof . simone well do not just stand there bark , little doggy . come inside and get yourself a treat . we hold on Gerry wonder what the hell be go on . 34 int . private cabin dressing room 34 Gerry and curtis enter the tight cabin , which be be use as a dress room . curtis Gerry , meet Simone . Simone hand they each a coat on a hanger . simone this be the best I could do . curtis do I ever tell you you be amazing ? simone too often to feel sincere . as curtis begin to disrobe , Gerry look for a private place to put on he suit . official yellow 3/3/14 45 . his eye stop on a crack curtain , where a topless woman ( 20 ) be apply makeup in front of a vanity mirror . he stare for a beat too long , until she notice and he look away . she smile and slide the curtain shut . simone ( cont 'd ) do not be shy , Gerry , we be all friend . Gerry smile awkwardly , start unbuttone he shirt . gerry you guy play poker ? simone no , we just work here , honey . gerry what be it you do ? simone vanessa and I get pay for we companionship . gerry oh ... get it . vanessa -- the woman from the bathroom -- emerge in a gown . Gerry be now topless . vanessa hi. gerry hi. vanessa ( be : he gut bandage ) what happen there ? gerry it 's nothing . vanessa do not look like nothing . gerry I be Gerry . vanessa vanessa . vanessa and Gerry shake hand . 35 36 official yellow 3/3/14 46 . curtis Gerry save my life in a knife fight . gerry that 's not true . vanessa hi curtis ... how be Peru ? curtis not yet , sweetie . but it 's on the horizon , I promise . vanessa ( to Gerry ) you can change in there if you want it . gerry thanks . behind the curtain 35 Gerry shut himself in the dress area , look in the mirror . he pull back the bandage to reveal a red and swollen wound . he grimace , then replace the bandage . Gerry scrunches he face to release tension like we see he do in the open scene . ext . moving steamboat deck - sunset 36 from the front deck , we see clearly for the first time that we be float down the Mississippi River on a private steamboat . suited up in cheap ill-fitting coat and sip champagne , curtis and Gerry stare at the St. Louis skyline drift by . curtis first thing when we get to New Orleans we buy new suit . gerry I do not really wear suit . curtis well we can not go to tony 's dress like this . gerry in that case , I have always want a white suit . beat . curtis and Gerry look out at the sunset , fantasize about what they future hold . 37 official yellow 3/3/14 curtis mental note : next trip , open sea . gerry what 's this about Peru ? ( off curtis 's look ) you tell vanessa ... curtis it 's kind of a joke . like when I 47 . m do with a place or a person . when it 's time to move on , I 'il say , '' it 's machu picchu time . '' gerry machu picchu time ? curtis you might say it 's the end of my rainbow ... a place so exotic and mysterious , I could get lose and never come back ... and it 's fun to say . machu picchu . try it . gerry machu picchu . curtis machu picchu . gerry machu picchu . they laugh . int . steamboat ballroom 37 curtis and Gerry enter the ballroom , where a piano man be play on a small stage . six poker table the cabin . the well - dress guest ( all of at various table , while about a dozen sexy mingle on the perimeter of the cabin - - some provide table massage to player who do not game . be spread around they man ) play poker server and escort of this server want to leave they curtis stop to admire the music for a moment . drop a $ 20 bill into the pianist 's tip jar . curtis i’1l be at the bar if you need I . as Gerry take he assign seat , curtis wander to the empty bar . while he wait for the bartender , he watch Gerry ... 38 39 40 official yellow 3/3/14 48. at the table 38 Gerry check the pair of card he 's deal and put in a couple chip to meet the blind . as the flop be deal , Gerry slouches in he chair ever so slightly . when the betting come around to he , he think for a beat , then fold he hand . back at the bar 39 curtis look around , but still can not find anyone to get hima drink . it 's the first time that we 've see he alone , without a audience , and he doesn't quite know what to do with himself . he scan the room , notice Simone give a massage to one of the player . he watch for a extend beat , until she look up , make brief eye contact . curtis motion for she to come over , but she turn away . desperate , curtis stand up , start slow dance with a invisible partner until Simone can not ignore he anymore . she laugh . curtis smile , take a bow . ext . side of the boat - later that night 40 the steamboat cruise up a desolate section of the river . curtis lean against the railing , while Simone sit on a bench , smoking . curtis tell I something I do not know about St. Louis . simone I have only be here a few month . curtis that 's no excuse . I be in Iowa for a few day and I can tell you that marion Robert morrison be bear in winterset , Iowa , 1907 . simone be I suppose to know who that be ? curtis you probably know he by he stage name : John Wayne . I can also tell you that Iowa be the only state in the country that begin with two vowel . and that the National balloon Museum in indianola chronicle more than 200 year of balloon history -- official yellow 3/3/14 49 . simone okay , fine . I do not know if this be true ... curtis ( sit next to she ) do not matter . Lay it on I . simone you know how some hotel put little chocolate on pillow for they guest ? that be start in St. Louis by ... you be suppose to guess who . curtis Ben Franklin . simone Close . cary grant . apparently , he be stay in the mayfair and woo a certain lady friend with chocolate on she pillow . curtis smile at first , but then ... curtis who tell you that ? simone a friend . curtis who ? simone I do not remember . curtis c'mon , think about it . simone what be you get at ? curtis be you in a hotel room when this friend tell you about cary grant 's chocolate seduction technique ? simone I do not remember , but so what if I be ? beat . curtis let it die . 4l official yellow 3/3/14 50 . simone ( cont 'd ) six month be a long time , curtis . curtis six month ? it have not be six month . simone yes . curtis no. simone September , October , November , December , January , February , March ... Seven month . beat . curtis look out over the water . curtis tell I something else about St. Louis . int . steamboat ballroom - later 4l Gerry , now with a large stack of chip , go head to head with a guy in a bow-tie ... let 's call he the professor . vanessa give a neck massage to a different player at the table , watch as the tension mount . on the table , the ten and nine of spade be display alongside the King of diamond . a significant mound of chip be already in play . Gerry , hold two spade ( the King and four ) have a pair of king with a good chance for a flush . there be also a straight opportunity on the board , if he opponent can make a Queen / Jack . Gerry place a bet for five hundred dollar , and the Professor raise the pot to a thousand . Gerry quietly meet the bet . the tuxedoed dealer lay down the turn ... the three of heart ... which can not help anyone . Gerry study he opponent . could he have the straight ? Gerry do not bet this time around , check to the Professor ... .+- who confidently toss in a thousand dollar in chip . Gerry meet the thousand , and everyone at the table wait for the last card ... a seven of heart . Gerry do not make he spade flush . with only the pair of king , he check . official yellow 3/3/14 50a . the Professor calmly count out he chip and ... 42 official yellow 3/3/14 51 . ... push all of they towards the center of the table . hold on Gerry look for the tell . gerry how do you get a sweet , little old lady to shout , '' go fuck yourself ! '' some player smile or chuckle , but Gerry focus he attention on the Professor . gerry ( cont 'd ) you get another sweet little old lady to shout , '' bingo ! '' vanessa and the other player genuinely laugh . Gerry 's opponent attempt to give a carefree chuckle , however it come off as fake . he 's get he . Gerry meet the bet , call the Professor 's bluff . the Professor muck he card to the dealer , frustrated . Gerry rake in the pot , give vanessa a wink . int . riverside tavern - later that night 42 a few local play pool , while Simone / vanessa select and discuss song on the jukebox . still in they elegant evening wear , the lady stand out in this low - key dive . at the bar . Gerry and curtis , jacket off and tie loosen around they neck , sip bourbon side by side . curtis do you hear the one about the gambler and the mugger ? Gerry nod , yes . curtis ( cont 'd ) be you sure ? let I tell it . a gambler be walk down a dark alley , when a guy step out with a gun , say '' you money or you life . '' the gambler shrug , '' I be sorry I be a gambler , so - - " '' gerry '' -- I have no money and no life . '' curtis you have hear this before . Gerry laugh . 43 official yellow 3/3/14 52 . curtis ( cont 'd ) I be once mug by a old lady ina wheelchair . Gerry laugh even harder now . Simone call to they from the jukebox . simone you boy just gonna sit there all night ? vanessa come dance with we . Gerry and curtis exchange grin . curtis hop off he ass and join the lady in dance . we hold on Gerry watch they for a beat , until vanessa motion he over . he downs he drink and join they . int . simone 's apartment - night 43 we gang of four play drunken Trivial Pursuit in the live room : boy vs. girl . they each have a stack of dollar bill , but the girl 's be significantly larger . Simone stop she wheel on a blue square . curtis what city create a museum in the three - story home where sigmund Freud light up he last cigar ? simone I know this , I think ... London ? curtis ( check the answer ) yes ! how do you know that ? Gerry hand the lady another bill . gerry I would have guess Vienna . vanessa Simone 's so smart . I never know anything . gerry you know Joe piscopo . vanessa everyone know Joe piscopo . 44 official yellow 3/3/14 53. simone I do not know Joe piscopo , baby . curtis , will you come to the bedroom and rub my foot ? curtis and Gerry exchange smile . curtis follow Simone . curtis duty call . vanessa should we keep play ? gerry that 's okay , I think I have have enough trivia for one night . vanessa do you know any magic trick ? gerry not really . do you ? vanessa you wanta see ? gerry yeah ! vanessa okay , I be still learn so you can not make fun of I . gerry I will not make fun of you . vanessa smile and get up to prepare she trick while Gerry pour they two more drink . int . simone 's room 44 Simone and curtis lie in bed as he massage she foot . simone where have you find he ? curtis poker tournament with a sixty dollar buy - in . he be wear a collare shirt with a miss button . simone and you order he a woodford . official yellow 3/3/14 54 . curtis smile . she know he too well . a beat . simone ( cont 'd ) what 's he need the money for ? curtis he believe it will set he free . simone I be ask a serious question . curtis I be give a honest answer . simone I just want to make sure you know what you be get into . curtis do not worry , he 's a good guy . simone that 's what you say about George . curtis you mean jorge ? what do you have against jorge ? simone his name be George . and he be a liar and a thief . curtis he be not . simone what 's in this for you ? curtis the journey be the destination , sweetheart . simone that 's not a answer . it 's a bumper sticker . curtis there 's nothing in it for I . simone so what then ? after New Orleans . what 's next ? official yellow 3/3/14 55 . curtis think for a beat , then -- curtis you should come with we . simone shut up . curtis I have never be more serious . simone you know I have school . curtis so play hooky . simone curtis ... curtis we could have a great time . simone I have different priority now . I can not just hit the road on a whim . curtis do not you mama ever tell you you can do anything you want ? simone no . she do not . curtis well then I be say it for she . beat . Simone decide to call he bluff . simone okay . curtis okay ? simone I ‘’11 come with you . curtis great . Simone yank a suitcase out of the closet , toss it on the bed . 45 official yellow 3/3/14 56 . simone what should I pack for this little mystery tour ? curtis whatever you want . simone jacket ? will I be cold ? how bout a bikini ? I love the beach . will you help I pick out some dress ? be there a gym where we be go ? suppose I nil need my run shoe . she start throw everything into the suitcase . Manic . curtis just watch . simone ( cont 'd ) oh , can not forget my heel . what about condom ? will I have to work on this journey , or will you be provide a per diem ? curtis that 's enough . Simone toss another stack of clothes onto curtis . they sit face opposite direction on the bed . curtis ( cont 'd ) I 'il come back . simone do not bother . I x11 be go . curtis where ? simone not sure yet . maybe Peru . it 's the one place I know you 's 1ll never be ... int . simone 's live room 45 now wear a long coat , vanessa struggle through she trick for Gerry . the build up be not very impressive , however , she eventually reveal a small kitten up she sleeve . Gerry be genuinely stunne . gerry hot damn ! what the fuck be that ? she hand he the kitten . official yellow 3/3/14 57 . gerry ( cont 'd ) that be amazing ! vanessa you like it ? gerry be you kid ? I love it . where do this thing come from ? vanessa it 's Simone 's . I be hide he earlier so I could show you guy my trick tonight . gerry do not you know magician never reveal they secret ? she blushes . vanessa I be still learn , I guess . do not tell anyone , okay ? gerry you secret 's safe with I . vanessa you turn . gerry I tell you I do not know any trick . vanessa well , I show you mine , you have to show I yours . it can be anything . Gerry look around the room , see a old upright piano . gerry okay , but you can not make fun of I . vanessa I promise . Gerry set the cat down , move over to the piano bench . he begin to play a beautiful and haunt classical piece . vanessa watch he for a beat , then sit next to he on the bench . she stare at he finger in wonder , while Gerry play with he eye close . 46 47 official yellow 3/3/14 58 . int . simone 's room 46 curtis be put Simone 's strewn clothes back into the closet , when he pause upon hearing the piano from the other room . he get lose in the music for a moment . curtis be that vanessa ? simone must be you friend . curtis look off , the piano trigger something in he . curtis I do not know Gerry play . simone why would you ? you meet he two day ago . curtis he 's not bad . curtis listen by the door . simone curtis vonn , you be a little boy live in a grow man 's body . one day you be gonna wake up old and realize you blow you last nickel on a deadbeat loser do not even know you last name . curtis hear this , but pretend not to . int . simone 's live room 47 after finish the short piece , Gerry look to vanessa . vanessa I like that . gerry yeah ? she nod . they stare at each other for a extend beat . this be the moment he should lean in for a kiss , but ... ..- he turn away . vanessa be you marry ? Gerry shake he head . official yellow 3/3/14 59 . vanessa ( cont 'd ) girlfriend ? Gerry just stare at the piano key . gerry I have a little girl . vanessa yeah ? that 's cute . do you have a picture ? Gerry shake he head , ashamed that he do not . gerry she life with she mom in Little rock . vanessa that 's not so far away . beat . Gerry run he finger across the piano key as if to change the subject . vanessa ( cont 'd ) do you wanta kiss I ? Gerry nod , then -- gerry I have problem with money . vanessa ( offended ? ) do I say anything about money ? gerry no . I be sorry , I do not mean it like that . it 's just the first thing that come to mind , so ... I say it . vanessa nod . vanessa I be gonna do something with my life . I may not have it all figure out yet , but ... I be gonna do something . beat . vanessa ( cont 'd ) it 's the first thing that come to my mind . Gerry smile . official yellow 3/3/14 60 . vanessa ( cont 'd ) will you play another song ? Gerry begin to play another song . vanessa rest she head on he shoulder , while he play . hold . 48 ext . highway - day 48 Gerry 's car speed by a sign read , '' Memphis 190 mile . '' 49 ext . gas station - day 49 curtis pump gas . 50 int . gas station bathroom 50 Gerry listen to he voicemail message as he tend to he stomach wound in front of the mirror . gerry' boss ( 0.s. ) Gerry , we hope you be okay . a little concerned that we have not hear from you . it 's all a bit awkward , but I feel I need to mention that some of the petty cash seem to have go miss -- not that I be accuse you of take it ... but Janice say there be a hundred fifty there when she leave on Tuesday ... also a friend of yours name Tim stop by ? Said he 's be look for you too ... 51 ext / int . gerry 's car 51 Gerry look a little stress as '' 200 poker tell '' play . joe navarro 's voice number 118 . sitting lower and lower . player who slip lower and lower in they chair during a hand , be progressively revealing they weakness . most player be not aware of how low or high they sit . it be a very accurate tell on some player whose posture be govern by they emotional state . curtis that 's yours , ya know ? gerry what ? official yellow 3/3/14 61 . curtis you be a sloucher . it 's you tell . you slouch when you be worried . gerry get outta here . curtis you be do it right now . Gerry sit up , correct he posture . curtis ( cont 'd ) ever consider yoga ? gerry shut up . curtis I be just say , help with the posture . Gerry shake he head . curtis ( cont 'd ) seem like vanessa really like you . gerry yeah , we have a nice time . curtis do you sleep with she ? gerry no . curtis just stare at he . gerry ( cont ’d ) what ? curtis why not ? gerry I do not know . it be not that kind of thing between we . curtis be you kid ? I think you know how to read people . ( more ) official yellow 3/3/14 curtis ( cont 'd ) she be send signal all night . gerry maybe I do not feel like it . curtis do you like woman ? gerry yes. curtis it 's okay if you do not . gerry what 's go on with you and Simone ? curtis we have sex last night . gerry that 's not what I ask . curtis why be you change the -- gerry -- you voice go up a octave when you talk to she . curtis okay okay ... gerry all soft and dreamy . you must really love this girl . curtis you be avoid the subject , Gerry . gerry and what be you do ? curtis what be you afraid of ? gerry afraid ? I be not afraid ... what be you talk about ? 62 . * official yellow 3/3/14 63. curtis think this over for a second . something click . curtis you ex-wife . gerry hm ? curtis that 's what this be all about . she leave you and you want she back . I should have know it be about a woman . gerry it 's not about -- a woman . curtis stare at Gerry for a beat . curtis yes , it be . you know how I know ? you be slouching . gerry you do not know anything . curtis I know a little bit . gerry you know how to bullshit , I 'il give you that . curtis I have meet a lot of people on the road , Gerry . I know what make they tick . gerry yeah , you be just a regular Dr. phil . curtis I be just say that my experience have give I certain insight into human behavior . gerry how old be you ? beat . curtis know where he 's go . curtis forget it . gerry forget what ? official yellow 3/3/14 curtis I see what you be do and it do not matter . Age be not the only indication of life experience . gerry I be forty - four . they drive in silence for a beat . curtis I be thirty - nine . gerry no you be not ... hundre buck I can guess you age though . curtis you be on . beat . Gerry milk the moment . gerry let 's see ... I have have to say you be thirty ... five . curtis I be thirty - five . how have you know that ? gerry I be good with age . curtis good with age , my ass . gerry I look at you driver 's license . curtis when ? gerry this morning . you be in the bathroom . curtis why do you do that ? gerry just make sure you be who you say . curtis and what do you learn ? 64 . 52 53 54 official yellow 3/3/14 65 . gerry you be curtis vonn . thirty - five with * a expire North dakota driver 's license . curtis that 's it ? gerry something else you want to share ? curtis smile , look out the window . this guy may be trickier than he think . int . west memphis dog track - otb area - day 52 close on a older gentleman speak to curtis who be just off - screen . older gentleman muddy Waters , howlin 's Wolf , b.b. King , aretha Franklin , Al Green , otis redding , Isaac haye , John Lee hooker , booker T and the mgs ... int . west memphis dog track - bathroom - day 53 Gerry on he phone plead with another bookie . gerry hey j.p . yeah , yeah , yeah . just listen , listen -- put I down for five on Hawaii over Gonzaga tonight ... bullshit ! I literally have the money right now , as we speak . in my hand ... hello ? hello ? Gerry swear under he breath and pocket he phone . back to the otb area 54 the older gentleman continue rattling off name to curtis , as Gerry approach . older gentleman there 's even some famous white folk from Memphis you mighta hear of ... elvis presley , Jerry Lee Lewis , Carl Perkins , johnny Cash , Sam Phillips -- he found Sun record ... curtis all that people be from Memphis ? official yellow 3/3/14 66 . older gentleman and do not forget Justin timberlake . curtis very impressive , my friend . gerry ( be : previous race ) how we do ? curtis won forty on heart and soul . gerry Nice . curtis lose fifty on domino effect . a old couple bicker at a nearby table . Gerry and curtis exchange smile with the older gentleman . curtis ( cont 'd ) how long be you marry ? gerry eight year . curtis that 's a long time . gerry be suppose to be longer . curtis I like woman too much to marry one ... I be go to get a burger . want anything ? gerry ( check watch ) no . I should head over to this game soon . curtis ( to older gentleman ) you marry , pop ? older gentleman I be marry six time . but not at present . 55 56 57 official yellow 3/3/14 67 . curtis wow . well , here 's look to lucky number seven . they toast and drink . curtis ( cont 'd ) do you miss the marry life ? older gentleman do I miss it ? well , let I put it like this ... I just know it 's better to not be alone ... another eruption break out near the monitor as the dog cross the finish line . Gerry and curtis calmly turn they head to observe the winner 's and loser 's reaction . int . live room home game - night 55 Gerry play poker with a group of six other player . round and round they go ... Gerry win hand after hand . memphis blue bar - night 56 a sweaty , smoky , cramped juke joint . perched on a bar stool , curtis watch a lean and mean blue band play on stage . local dance and sway in front of the musician . a curvy woman in a tight dress saddle up next to curtis , smile . the music continue over ... int . live room home game - later 57 Gerry continue to clean up at the poker table . his only competition be donna ( a cigar-chomping southern diva , 5as ) , who be do almost as well as Gerry in chip count . on the mute tv in the background , Gerry see college basketball score on espn . gerry shit ! Dennis turn to see what Gerry 's respond to . dennis wow . Hawaii beat Gonzaga ? I do not even know they have a basketball team . 58 59 official yellow 3/3/14 68. donna that 's a bigtime upset . you have money on the Zag , Gerry ? on gerry . he shake he head . gerry Hawaii . the name of they team be the rainbow Warrior . the other player stare at Gerry wait for a explanation . int . memphis blue bar - night 58 curtis and he new friend be now dance in front of the stage . she appear to be teach he a few new step . int . live room home game - later that night 59 Gerry peek at he card : a Ace and a Jack . he raise a modest amount . two player fold , but donna call . the flop come down with a Ace , a Jack and Three , give Gerry two - pair on the flop . he study donna , who take another peek at she card , which Gerry interpret as insecurity . Gerry raise a full grand . donna look at Gerry , try to read he . her eye search he face . Gerry remain impassive , however donna call he raise again . the dealer discard the top card , then lay down the turn . another Ace . Gerry note a glimmer in donna 's eye when the card be laid . she must also have a Ace , give she three of a kind . but Gerry have a full house , all face card . certain he have the best hand , Gerry do not want to appear overconfident . he take he time , play with he stack of chip , then finally check , not betting any money . donna look he over . Gerry 's face reveal nothing . after a beat , donna push all of she chip ( about 10k ) into the pile . she 's all in . Gerry smile . gerry call . she look to Gerry , a little less confident now ... 60 61 official yellow 3/3/14 69 . memphis blue bar 60 the song end and folk applaud . the woman lean close to curtis . woman wanta go back to my place ? curtis thank you . I would love to see you place . I really would . but I be just here for the music tonight . int . live room home game 61 we pick up with Gerry and donna in the same hand ... as per the rule , donna turn over she card ... Ace / Queen . Gerry smile . he be right . Three of a kind . he flip he card . the other player gasp . donna wince . with '' the river '' card still out , donna can only win if a Queen be deal . a tense silence come over the room as the dealer burn the top card and ... ... lay the '' river '' card face up . a Queen of spade . the room gasp again . Gerry can not believe he eye . donna let out a huge sigh of relief . donna I do not deserve that . sorry , Gerry . she collect she huge stack of chip . dennis tough break , Gerry . a long beat . gerry let 's go again . donna call it a night , Gerry , you do not have enough to meet the blind . gerry I be good for another grand . c’mon , Dennis , tell she I be good . 62 official yellow 3/3/14 70 . dennis it 's a bad beat , Gerry . throw in the towel . Gerry lean close to Dennis , speak softly . gerry I have be takin 's she all night , man , I can get it back . just loan I a few hundred . dennis I can not do it . I be sorry . gerry Dennis . it 's I you be talk to . how long have I know you ? dennis a few year . gerry a few year ? C ’mon , I have know you at least six year . six year how many time have I ask you for money ? dennis once . gerry once . wait once ? be you count now as the one time ? dennis no . gerry no ? Gerry rack he brain , try to remember . gerry ( cont 'd ) do I pay you back ? Dennis shake he head no . gerry ( cont 'd ) fuck I . ext / int . memphis residential STREET - night 62 Gerry climb in the driver 's seat , shut the door . he close he eye . a quiet rage simmer as he grip the wheel tight . 63 official yellow 3/3/14 71 . we watch he tumble through a range of emotion , from anger to laughter to despair , and then he phone vibrate ... insert : a text message from SAM , feature a photo of a thick - necked tough guy in Gerry 's home , pose with he cat . below it , the text read , '' get home soon . Kitty miss u . '' Gerry start the ignition . memphis blue bar 63 curtis chat up a motley crew of local at the bar . curtis hundre thousand dollar bet . the deal be slim have to get C - cup breast implant and leave they in for exactly one year . no less . local woman titty for a whole year ? curtis not only do he win the bet -- and he be pay , I can vouch for that . he meet a woman - - a straight woman - - that love he fake tit so much , she marry he . and to this day , six year later , he 's still get be , perky as ever . everyone crack up and cry bullshit , just as Gerry enter in the background . local ( shaking he head ) there 's someone out there for everyone . that 's what they say . we hold on Gerry watch curtis from afar , struggle with how to tell he what happen . Gerry scrunches he face , loosen the tension , psyching himself up . he stand up straight as a arrow , slowly start bob he head to the music , and ... ..- break out into a big smile . curtis see he approach . curtis Gerry ! how have it go ? Gerry lean close to curtis . gerry I win seven thousand . official yellow 3/3/14 72 . curtis Holy shit ! you sonuvabitch ! Seven ? curtis embrace Gerry in a big hug . curtis ( cont 'd ) c'mon , have a drink ! meet some people . gerry hang on a second -- curtis c'mon , let 's celebrate -- gerry there 's something I have to tell you . curtis what ? gerry can we talk in private ? 64 ext . memphis blue bar - night 64 they step into a adjoin alley behind the bar . gerry I do not know what it mean . curtis what what mean ? gerry tonight . I be all - in on this monster pot . Dead in the water . over my head . down to the river I need a queen . only a queen could save I and I make a promise . I promise myself if I get a queen , I would go to Little rock and make thing right . on curtis , wheel turn . gerry ( cont 'd ) make thing right with my queen . you know what I mean ? curtis you ex-wife ... gerry you be right . 65 official yellow 3/3/14 73. curtis a woman . do not I tell you it be a woman ? it 's always a woman . gerry I do not know what to do . curtis we go to Little rock , that 's what we do . gerry but it 's like two hour out of the way . maybe it 's crazy . be I crazy ? curtis you be a lunatic . but I love it . gerry you do not mind ? curtis a beautiful woman ask I to come home with she tonight , Gerry . gerry yeah ? curtis I turn she down . gerry you do ? curtis yes . gerry why ? curtis when you come to a fork in the road , take it ... Gerry be not sure what that mean . curtis ( cont 'd ) let 's go to Little rock . ext / int . gerry 's car - night 65 Gerry stare straight ahead behind the wheel while curtis slump against the passenger seat window . official yellow 3/3/14 74 . 66 ext . various little rock street - dawn 66 the sun rise over downtown Little rock landmark and suburban area home . 67 ext . suburban STREET - dorothy 's house - early morning 67 a modest one - story ranch - style home with rain-stain aluminum siding and a american flag in the window . Gerry 's car be park out front . Gerry step up onto the porch . knock . wait . after a few beat , dorothy ( tired , 40s ) open the door and a stunne recognition sweep over she . dorothy Gerry ? gerry hi dorothy . dorothy what be you do here ? gerry I be just pass through town . think I have stop by to say hello . dorothy you be just stop through Little rock ? a awkward beat as they stand in silence . gerry I do not have to stay . I just think it would be nice to see you , even for a minute . dorothy ( reluctant ) sure. um ... come in , I guess . with curtis in the car . he watch from the driver 's seat as Gerry disappear inside the house . he smile . 68 int . dorothy 's house - day 68 dorothy gesture for Gerry to sit at the table . dorothy have a seat . I be make some tea . do you want some ? 69 70 71 official yellow 3/3/14 75 . gerry sure . dorothy go into the kitchen . Gerry pull out a chair , which get stick on a stuff animal on the floor . he pick up the stuff animal and sit , nervously fidget with it as he glance around the room . he see a family photo of dorothy and another man pose with a little girl -- Gerry 's daughter , wendy ( 6 , adorable with curl ) . ext . inside gerry 's car 69 inspire by Gerry , curtis pick up he phone , begin to dial . int . dorothy 's live room 70 dorothy return with the tea . gerry where 's ... where be Wendy ? dorothy at school . gerry that 's good ... and how be thing with Gary ? dorothy thing be good . beat . they sip they tea . Gerry focus in on little detail of dorothy 's body , as if look for '' tell '' in a poker opponent . Gerry 's Pov : she tight purse lip , tense jaw , blink eye , she hand fidget with she wedding ring ... she notice he look at she hand . dorothy ( cont 'd ) we get marry . gerry congratulation . it 's even more awkward now . ext . gerry car 71 curtis hold he cell phone to he ear . we hear muffle ringing , follow by Simone 's groggy voice -- 72 official yellow 3/3/14 76 . simone curtis ? curtis hey darlin’ . simone what time be it ? curtis do I wake you ? I be sorry . simone it 's okay . where be you ? curtis we be on a little detour in Little rock . simone what happen to New Orleans ? curtis I be sit in a car outside Gerry 's ex - wife 's house . he 's in there right now try to win she back . and it get I think ... about you , I , St. Louis , Kansas City ... all kind of place , really . int . dorothy 's live room 72 with Gerry attempt to break the awkwardness . gerry do you ever think it 's funny you trade I in for a Gary ? she do not . Gerry plot he next move , as dorothy begin to lose patience . gerry ( cont 'd ) where be he now ? dorothy he 's work . gerry oh ... what do he do ? dorothy he 's a electrician . Gerry nod . then he notice another photo on the wall . official yellow 3/3/14 77 . it feature he daughter Wendy -- about 2 year old , sit next to a birthday cake , hugging a kitten ( Gerry 's cat , a few year young ) . it 's a lovely photo , but something be amiss to Gerry . gerry wait a second ... he move over to the photo , take it off the wall . gerry ( cont 'd ) I be in this . you cut I out of this . that 's my hand . right there . you can still see my hand . dorothy I do not want you on my wall , Gerry . gerry so you just erase I from my daughter 's life ? dorothy be that a joke ? you erase yourself year ago . gerry no -- dorothy when 's the last time you visit or send a present on she birthday ? gerry you know I have be have a hard time with money , but -- dorothy it 's not about money . how about check she homework or make dinner or , or just call to say hi ? a long pause . Gerry do not have any answer , so ... gerry thanks for the tea . can I use the bathroom before I go ? dorothy roll she eye , exasperate . pick up he mug , bring it to the kitchen . Gerry set down the picture on a shelf ( balanced precariously ) as he make he way down the hall . before enter the bathroom , he turn back to make sure she be not watch , then duck through the bedroom door on the right . official yellow 3/3/14 78 . 73 ext . gerry car curtis continue on phone ... curtis you sound sleepy , darlin’ . simone I be up late study . curtis what for ? simone test today . curtis that 's cute . simone shut up . curtis teach I something . simone I be tired , curtis . curtis c'mon ... I just want to hear you voice . sing I a song . simone I be not go to sing you a song . curtis please . Simone sing the alphabet song . then silence . simone hello ? curtis what if I come back ? simone what ? curtis after New Orleans . what if I come back and stay with you for awhile ? what would that look like ? 74 official yellow 3/3/14 78a . simone what would it look like ? I do not know . normal . we would look like normal people . curtis normal people ? simone like everyone else . eat and sleep and fuck and fight ... watch tv . what do you want I to say ? beat. curtis you say it . simone be that what you want ? int . dorothy 's bedroom 74 Gerry rummages through dresser drawer , look for something specific . after a few beat of search , he find it . a purple stock . he smile , amused that she keep the same hide place after all this year . Gerry dig into the stock , come up with a wad of cash and quickly count out a stack of $ 100 bill . he put the rest back in the stock , return it to its hide position , and close the drawer . he pocket the cash and turn toward the door , when -- 75 76 official yellow 3/3/14 79 . -- he 's bust . dorothy be perch in the doorway watch he . a long awkward beat , but dorothy do not seem surprised . ashame , Gerry take the cash out of he pocket and put it on the dresser . gerry I be go to pay you back . dorothy get out . Gerry slowly squeeze past dorothy , into ... the hallway 75 Gerry stop , turn to dorothy . he want to say so much , but all he can manage be a pathetic shrug . enough be enough . dorothy shove Gerry out of the hall and he accidentally knock over the photo of Wendy and he cat . gerry shit ! the glass shatter on the floor , and Gerry kneel down to pick it up , but slice he hand in the process . he 's bleed on the floor and break picture frame . dorothy leave . now . still hold the photo , Gerry hurry towards the door . he stuff the bloody photo in he pocket . ext / int . gerry 's car 76 still on the phone with Simone . curtis Simone ... simone yeah ? a long beat . it feel like curtis want to say something , when he notice Gerry come out of the house . curtis good luck on you test , today . simone thanks . official yellow 3/3/14 79r . curtis I have to go now ... but I 'il call you soon -- from New Orleans . okay ? curtis end he call as Gerry get in the car , slam the door . curtis ( cont 'd ) how would it go ? gerry as expect . 77 78 79 official yellow 3/3/14 80 . curtis she be happy to see you ? gerry I would not say that . curtis be you bleed ? gerry c'mon , let 's go ... curtis start the car , and they pull away . int . little rock diner - day 77 Gerry sip coffee , stare out the window . curtis take a bite of he egg , watch Gerry . curtis you wanta talk about it ? * Gerry shake he head . they sit for a long moment , not talk . and then ... * gerry * I fuck up . * curtis * it 's okay . * gerry * no ... * curtis * look , I do not know what happen back * there . maybe it do not work out this * time . maybe it 's not my business . but * you take you shot and I be proud of * you ... you hear I ? * * Gerry stare at curtis for a beat . nod . ext . tunica casino strip - night 78 various shot of tunica 's casino light . ext . goldstrike casino parking lot - night 79 Gerry and curtis carry they bag toward the sparkling entrance . Gerry have a bandage on he hand . 80 official yellow 3/3/14 80a . curtis this place love I , Gerry . I be like the moe greene of tunica , Mississippi . we will be comp for day . int . goldstrike casino lobby 80 curtis and Gerry step up to the front desk . curtis present he v.i.p. card . dora ( 30 ) speak with a Mississippi accent . dora welcome back to goldstrike . curtis ( read she name tag ) thank you ... dora . she swipe he card . dora I be sorry , this expire in 2009 . official yellow 3/3/14 81 . curtis no. dora I be afraid so . curtis I do not see how that 's possible . try it again ... go easy now . she swipe the card again . dora I be sorry . curtis ( flirt ) well , dora , I have to say I be very disappointed in you . dora stay professional . dora we do have some suite available for three ninety five a night . curtis lean close , while Gerry look on , uncomfortably . curtis ( whisper ) do not you think you could just push the right button and comp I one of that suite for old time sake ? dora I be sorry , sir . curtis stare at she with a seductive grin , whisper . curtis what time do you get off work ? dora I will be here till eleven . curtis perfect . I x11 meet you in the player 's lounge at eleven fifteen ? dora I get a man . curtis what 's you man have to do with I ? official yellow 3/3/14 82. she smile , show he she wedding ring . dora ( lean in , quiet ) I can give you the aarp discount . that 's ten percent off . curtis smile to Gerry as if he 's just manage to move mountain with he charm . curtis what do ya say , Gerry ? gerry forget it , let 's go somewhere else . curtis it 's fine , we can afford one night . gerry ( to dora ) how much be a regular room ? dora ninety -nine dollar . gerry Little steep , do not you think ? curtis give I the money , Gerry . gerry ( to dora ) Excuse I miss ... this man be the mel greene of tunica , Mississippi . do you have any idea what that mean ? dora stare at he . she do not . gerry ( cont 'd ) he have a v.i.p. card . can you please just comp we for the night ? please ? dora I be sorry , sir . I do not have the authority -- gerry well , that 's just not acceptable . can I speak to you manager ? 81 official yellow 3/3/14 83. curtis hang on , Gerry . ( to dora ) I be sorry , will you excuse we a moment ? curtis escort Gerry away from the desk and into the ... int . goldstrike casino men 's room 81 Gerry pace in front of the sink , while curtis interrogates he . curtis what happen ? gerry nothing . curtis where 's the money ? gerry what money ? curtis stare at Gerry , who stop pace , slump against the sink counter . gerry ( cont 'd ) we be go to be all right . curtis what do that mean ? Gerry do not respond . curtis ( cont 'd ) Gerry , you lip be say we be all right , but you be slouching like a kid who just piss he pants in the sandbox . Gerry straighten up . still no response . curtis ( cont 'd ) where be we at , Gerry !? gerry ( finally ) Ground zero . I try to tell you before . curtis you try to tell I ? official yellow 3/3/14 84 . gerry Fucking cunt ! I be nail she all night and she land a queen on fifth street . curtis be you tell I you lose in Memphis ? gerry I do not know how to break it to you . curtis what be we do in Little rock ? Gerry look away , ashamed . curtis be piece it together . curtis ( cont 'd ) no ... Gerry shrug . gerry I be sorry . curtis turn away from Gerry toward the mirror , make eye contact with himself . we hold on he for a long beat as he examine he reflection . gerry ( cont 'd ) I can win it back . I can get we to twenty - five . curtis it 's not about the money , Gerry . gerry of course it be ! do you think this be a vacation for I ? curtis you be a piece of work , you know that ? gerry I play it right . it be not my fault . I can not catch a break . I just - can not - win ! curtis rub he head , exasperate , then -- curtis this story do not have a happy end . I think you should go back to Iowa . official yellow 3/3/14 85 . gerry no way . I can not go back empty-hand . I need this . do not you see ? I can not go back ! Gerry kick a bathroom stall door and slip on he ass to the floor . he 's a pathetic sight . curtis you be try to lose . gerry yeah right , I be try to lose . curtis stare at he . gerry ( cont 'd ) I be not try to lose ! curtis Gerry ... you be sit in piss on the floor of a Mississippi casino bathroom stall . now be honest with yourself ... Gerry suddenly howl from the depth of he soul , when ... three fratty type ( 20 ) enter the bathroom and approach the urinal . frat boy what 's up faggot ? his buddy laugh as they line up to piss . close on curtis . he look over to Gerry on the floor . he shrug as if apologize in advance for what he 's about to do . curtis take he time walk over to the homophobic frat Boy , stop directly behind he . he lift he leg and firmly nudge the frat Boy in the ass until he be wedge up against the urinal , thus pissing on himself . frat boy ( cont 'd ) get off I ! curtis step back and walk out of the bathroom , as frat Boy spin around , piss all over he pants . before he even think to zip up , the frat Boy start towards the exit door to chase after curtis , when Gerry jump to he foot to distract he . gerry hey ! right here , tough guy . let 's go ! 82 83 84 85 official yellow 3/3/14 86 . now confuse , the frat Boy turn he manly aggression toward Gerry . charge forth and tackle he to the tile . his buddy zip up and join in . int . hallway outside bathroom - same 82 close on curtis listen to the fight on the other side . we pan off of he to the door label '' men '' . hold for a beat before curtis burst back through the door , come to Gerry 's aide . ext . highway - night 83 Gerry 's car speed by a sign , '' New Orleans 310 mile '' ext . roadside motel - night 84 a cheap motor inn with a flicker vacancy sign . Gerry , he face show some wear and tear from the fight earlier , fill a ice bucket and hobble back to the room . int . roadside motel bathroom - night 85 shirtless in he boxer , curtis , who have somehow manage to make it out of the brawl unscathed , sit with he phone on the close toilet . we hear muffle ringing , then vanessa answer . vanessa ( 0.s. ) ( muffle through phone ) hello . curtis vanessa . it 's curtis . vanessa ( 0.s. ) hi curtis . curtis be Simone there ? vanessa ( 0.s. ) sorry , she 's not home . curtis where be she ? her cell go straight to voicemail . vanessa ( 0.s. ) I do not know . curtis you do not know ? it 's almost midnight . 86 official yellow 3/3/14 87 . motel room Gerry wrap ice in a hand towel , hear curtis through the door . curtis ( 0.s. ) be she with someone ? on curtis in the bathroom . curtis ( cont 'd ) do not say you do not know . I know you know . be she with someone ? vanessa ( 0.s. ) I promise I really do not know . curtis just tell I . I x11 stop ask if you tell I . vanessa ( 0.s. ) I do not know . I do not know . maybe she 's study . curtis she 's not study . Long pause . vanessa ( 0.s. ) I ' 1l tell she you call . curtis no , you know what , forget I call . vanessa ( 0.s. ) curtis . curtis I be serious . please . do not tell she I call . can you do that for I ? vanessa ? do not tell she . okay ? vanessa ( 0.s. ) okay . curtis be you gonna tell she ? vanessa ( 0.s. ) no . curtis thanks . 86 87 official yellow 3/3/14 88. curtis hang up , rub he head in anguish . ( he 's not accustom to whatever he 's feel now ) . motel room 87 curtis come out of the bathroom , fall onto he bed . gerry everything okay ? no response . Gerry watch he for a beat , notice a miss pinky toe on curtis 's leave foot . gerry ( cont 'd ) you be miss a pinky . curtis mm-hm . gerry what happen ? curtis some crazy bastard bit it off ina bathroom brawl . Gerry disappear into the bathroom . after a few beat ... curtis ( cont 'd ) when I be eight , my sister and I go to live with we grandparent for a couple year . Gerry reappear , sit on the edge of the bed . curtis ( cont 'd ) Old house on a hill . it be my job to mow the lawn . it be one of that old rusty rotate blade manual mower . I can barely even push the thing but there I be , do my best like sisyphus up the hill ... my little sister step in front of I , start screwing around , taunting I like kid sister do ... whatever she 's do , she 's not get out of my way , so I tell she she have till the count of three ... gerry Fair warning . official yellow 3/3/14 89 . curtis I think so . but one , two , three come and go and she refuse to move , so I run over she foot with the lawn mower . she lose three toe . Gerry wince . curtis sip from the flask , when Gerry ask the obvious ... gerry so how have you lose a toe ? curtis my grandfather 's brilliant idea of justice ... he drank a fifth of Jack , hold I down and slice it off with a weed clipper . Gerry let 's that sink in for a beat . gerry where be this ? curtis Minnesota . gerry not North dakota ? curtis I have live all over . gerry where 's you sister now ? no response . they sit in silence , until ... gerry ( cont 'd ) this morning , my ex- wife catch I steal money from she sock drawer . and it be not the first time . purple sock . same one she keep she cash in when we be together . Gerry pause for a response , but do not get one . gerry ( cont 'd ) I be not a good person , curtis ... I do not deserve you . but it 's like you be send to I . like a leprechaun . a fuck handsome leprechaun drop down in the middle of Iowa . and the reason I lose in Memphis be you be not there with I . I can not do it alone . ( more ) 88 89 90 91 92 official yellow 3/3/14 90 . gerry ( cont 'd ) we be in this together . and I want you to know -- I do not follow you down this damn river to lose . hold on curtis processing . after a long beat . curtis Long way down , be not it Gerry ? ext . highway - day Gerry 's car exit the highway in New Orleans . int . pawn shop - day 88 89 the pawn broker examine Gerry 's item , punch number into a old add machine . Gerry intently watch he small box of possession ( wedding ring and all ) be value one by one . ext . used car lot - day the car salesman count out bill into Gerry 's hand . ext . fair ground horse track parking lot - day curtis and Gerry make they way to the grandstand . ext . horse track paddock Gerry and curtis look over the schedule and horse before the next race . gerry this be the horse . number three , '' toto 's revenge . '' curtis Seven to one . I do not know . gerry it 's toto 's fuck revenge . curtis I say we go with the favorite here . number one . gerry Mississippi grind ? curtis just feel right . 90 91 92 official yellow 3/3/14 91 . gerry it 's toto , curtis ! dorothy ! rainbow ! this be we pony . this feel right . this feel more than right . curtis you want to blow it all on a long shot . gerry I want to win it all on a long shot . curtis look at Gerry for a long beat . curtis okay . toto 's revenge . gerry c'mon , curtis , I need you to be with I on this . curtis I be with you , I be with you . gerry be you feel it ? curtis ( he be not ) I be feel it . gerry no . I need you to really feel it . i‘1l ask you again -- be this we horse ? curtis this be we horse . gerry be this we horse , curtis ? curtis this be we horse , Gerry . gerry say it again . curtis toto 's revenge be we horse . gerry thank you . curtis take a few step away towards the betting window , while Gerry watch he . official yellow 3/3/14 92 . 93 grandstand - minute later 93 they both sit down in the sparsely populate seating area . Gerry anxiously bite he lip , as the horse step into the start gate . gerry she 's a winner . I can feel it . curtis nod . a bell sound and the horse fly out of the gate . gerry ( cont 'd ) C ’mon three ! curtis remain silent , as the horse pull into the first turn . announcer and it 's toto 's revenge break out into the lead with sweet foot and Mississippi grind on the outside . gerry hot damn ! c’mon toto ! Gerry leap to he foot , while curtis stare straight ahead , unable to watch . announcer toto 's revenge lose steam with sweet foot move into the front of the pack . and here come Mississippi grind on the outside ! gerry no! C ’mon toto ! damnit , c’mon you stupid horse ! announcer Mississippi grind and sweet foot be neck and neck -- gerry run ! run ! do not stop ! the horse cross the finish line . announcer and it 's Mississippi grind at the finish line ! Gerry and curtis both stare at the track in shock . Gerry can not believe it . he lower he head , close he eye . official yellow 3/3/14 93 . curtis it have to end like this , Gerry . here 's a hundred buck . get yourself a bus ticket and go home . Gerry perk up . gerry you do not bet it all ? curtis I save we a hundred each . just in case . gerry so we have two hundred . curtis no . you have one hundred . I have one hundred . Gerry fumble through the schedule , look at the lineup for the next race . curtis ( cont 'd ) stop it . gerry Thunder clap ! curtis stop it , Gerry . gerry forty to one . we lay the two hundred and we be back in business . curtis we be do . gerry what about tony roundtree ? my white suit ? we can still make it . curtis it 's over Gerry . gerry but we be so close . curtis it be a fantasy . 94 official yellow 3/3/14 94 , gerry we just need to believe -- curtis it be never go to happen for we , Gerry . beat . Gerry look curtis over , as if search for a tell . do he find it ? gerry so that 's that . curtis thanks for the ride . I be sorry it do not work out . Gerry nod . he give a false smile and head for the exit . we hold on curtis for a extend beat , until he finally stand up , slowly stroll to the ... int . horse track betting window 94 curtis calmly step up to the teller , hand she he ticket . she process the ticket , then proceed to count out a large sum of cash . curtis stare at it without emotion . the teller load a stack of $ 100 bill into a envelope . curtis take the envelope and turn around to find ... ... Gerry . stand a few foot back . watch he . the two stare at each other for a extend beat , then ... gerry I think you do not care about the money . curtis I do not . gerry then , why ? curtis it 's not fun watch you lose . Gerry look away , unsure what to say . then ... gerry how have you know it be Mississippi grind ? 95 96 97 98 official yellow 3/3/14 95 . curtis he be the favorite . gerry but how have you know ? curtis I do not . it 's not magic , Gerry . curtis let this land , then hand over the envelope of cash . curtis ( cont 'd ) here , take it . Gerry stare at the money , but shake he head . gerry I would just blow it anyway , right ? he walk away , leave curtis with the cash in he hand . hold on curtis , watch Gerry go . ext / int . streetcar - dusk 95 close on Gerry stare out the window . ext . another hood - dusk 96 curtis stroll down the street in a rougher part of town with a cigarette hang between he lip . he get strange look from the local as he swig from a flask . ext . streetcar - dusk / night 97 Gerry dial 4 - 1 - 1 and a operator answer . gerry New Orleans , Louisiana ... last name roundtree . first name tony . ext . playground basketball court - night 98 a dimly light court , where a two -on- two basketball game be take place among some rough and tumble local . curtis approach the court . curtis you fella know where a guy can shoot some dart around here ? the tough-looking player stop they game and size curtis up . official yellow 3/3/14 96 . curtis ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l play you best guy for a hundred buck . 99 ext . algier neighborhood - night 99 a cab pull away , leave Gerry stand in front of a ordinary single - story house , dwarf beneath a light - up bridge . less than glamorous . he check the address in he hand . this be not how he imagine tony roundtree 's home . Gerry cautiously approach the front door . knock . he look both way down the street . 100 ext . playground basketball court 100 curtis be do he best , but he be extremely overmatch by he opponent , who dunk over he . 101 ext . tony roundtree 's house 101 a dishevel man ( late 60 ) open the door . a e-cigarette between he lip . he be tony roundtree . he stare blankly at Gerry . gerry tony ? tony roundtree ? tony size Gerry up , say nothing . gerry ( cont 'd ) I be Gerry . you do not know I , but I be a friend of curtis . nothing . gerry ( cont 'd ) curtis vonn . tony suck on he e-cig . his silence be unnerve . gerry ( cont 'd ) be there a poker game here tonight ? still nothing . gerry ( cont 'd ) be you the tony roundtree I be look for ? you meet curtis on a amtrak train to albuquerque ? ( suddenly uncertain , even as he say it ... ) ( more ) official yellow 3/3/14 97 . gerry ( cont 'd ) he say you be wear a Blue Velvet smoking jacket and travel with a tiger you win from a arab prince ? tony stare at Gerry . the ultimate poker face . 102 ext . playground basketball court 102 curtis 's opponent hit a fade - away jump -shot . baller that 's game ... hundre buck . curtis stare at the guy , smile . baller ( cont 'd ) something funny ? curtis I do not have it . baller you do not have the money ? curtis shrug as the other player converge onto the court , surround he . curtis what be you gonna do about it ? and whack ! he be immediately punch in the face . Falls down . 103 ext . tony roundtree 's house 103 Gerry plead with tony . gerry you live in Detroit , right ? that 's where you become a disassociate person who could not collect on a bad beat jackpot . please , tell I you know what I be talk about . there can not be two tony roundtree in New Orleans . a long , excruciate beat . then finally ... tony you know curtis ? gerry yes ! yes , I know curtis . he 's a friend . a close , personal friend of mine . official yellow 3/3/14 tony continue to look Gerry over . gerry ( cont 'd ) be you host a poker game here tonight ? tony curtis with you ? gerry no . he could not make it . but he want I to let you know that you should let I in . tony let you in ? gerry okay , full disclosure -- I be a little short on the buy -in . I ’ma little short . but you seem like a reasonable guy and I be willing to bet we can work something out . you know what I mean ? some kind of financial agreement -- like say sixty / forty ... or seventy / thirty ? 98 . there be a long awkward pause between they . tony start to laugh . so Gerry do the same . both man be laugh , then -- tony what 's you name , man ? gerry Gerry . tony and you say curtis be a close friend of yours ? gerry yes ! very close . extremely close . we go back -- oh , I do not know ... tony Gerry , can you give curtis a message for I ? before Gerry have time to respond -- whack ! tony sock Gerry in the face . Gerry stumble back . and before he know what hit he , tony go inside , slamming the door behind he . hold on Gerry rub he jaw . 104 105 106 official yellow 3/3/14 99 . ext . playground basketball court 104 curtis 's nose be swollen and bleed . his opponent hover over he , grab he by the collar , and dig into he jacket pocket . he come up empty , then dig into the other pocket . curtis bingo . the baller 's hand come out of curtis 's coat with the envelope . baller ( see the cash ) what 's wrong with you , man ? curtis I have it come . baller there 's like five grand in here . curtis so take it . baller you be a crazy son of a bitch , you know that ? the baller peel off two hundred dollar bill , pocket they , and tuck the envelope back in curtis 's jacket . he and he friend leave the court , shaking they head . curtis stand up , dust himself off . ext . canal STREET - night 105 pan off of a recede streetcar onto Gerry look off-screen . we follow he as he approach the downtown New Orleans casino . int . crescent lounge - night 106 a older woman , life experience etched on she face , sing and play the piano in the corner with a three - piece band . the bar patron chat quietly and listen to the music . no tourist in sight -- this place be a far cry from the french Quarter . curtis pause as he step through the door , watch the jazz singer for a extend beat before make he way to the bar . curtis sit down and the bartender ( pete , 5as ) seem to recognize he . they shake hand . pete it 's be too long , man . how ya be ? 107 108 109 official yellow 3/3/14 100 . curtis livin 's the dream . pete what happen to you face ? curtis you should see the other guy 's hand . gimme a bourbon . pete what kind ? curtis cheap stuff . the bartender pour some cheap shot of bourbon for curtis who continue to watch and listen to the woman perform . int . downtown casino 107 Gerry stroll past the slot , but stop upon see a bedazzle slot machine with a blink rainbow theme . he think for a beat , then dig into he pocket for a quarter . he deposit it into the machine , push the spin button , and the reel start spin ... one , two , three , they come to a stop with no win combination . the rainbow magic be go . Gerry think for a beat , then walk away . int . crescent lounge - night 108 the jazz singer finish she set to mellow applause and step off the stage . she notice curtis and approach the bar , where the bartender have a mint julep wait for she . curtis smile . singer thanks , Pete . you get my smoke ? Pete , the bartender , pass she a handbag from behind the bar , and she take out a pack of cigarettes . curtis light she up . singer ( cont 'd ) thanks darlin’ . curtis happy birthday , mom . int . downtown casino 109 close on a roulette wheel spin . we tilt up to reveal Gerry watch a few step away from the table . official yellow 3/3/14 101 . Gerry step up , lay down he $ 100 bill . he take a seat as the croupier change he bill , hand he a stack of chip . Gerry place all of he chip onto the '' double zero '' square with 37 - 1 odd , one of the least probable bet on a roulette table . then step back and nod to himself , resign to lose . int . crescent lounge 110 curtis 's mom , cherry vonn , sit down beside he . year of smoking and drink and croon have take they toll on cherry 's voice , which be rough and tough . cherry a little late , be not ya ? curtis just a day or two . cherry be beginning to think you might not make it this year . where ya be hide , baby ? curtis not hide ... travel . cherry uh-huh ... traveler have a destination , honey . curtis the journey be the -- cherry -- journey be the destination ? she roll she eye . this woman have zero tolerance for bullshit . cherry ( cont 'd ) well , it 's good to see you , anyway . you bring I anything ? curtis do not have time to stop . cherry I know the feel ... cherry point out a miss button on curtis 's shirt -- a result of he earlier scuffle . cherry ( cont 'd ) you lose a button , baby . 112 official yellow 3/3/14 102. curtis will you sew I a new one ? cherry you come alone ? curtis all by myself . cherry you should find somebody . a man alone be half a man . curtis I think I be doin 's all right . cherry uh-huh ... cherry take a long drag on she cigarette . cherry ( cont 'd ) listen , baby , this year 's be unkind to you mama ... curtis smile like he know this be come . curtis how much do you need ? cherry shrug . cherry it do not really matter . life 's a long grind , be not it ? I gotta get back to work , darlin’ ... stick around for the next set , I 'il buy you a drink . she give curtis a wink as she slide she handbag toward Pete and saunter back to the stage . int . downtown casino 111 the croupier spin the wheel and drop the ball in . we slowly zoom in on the ball spin around the wheel . Gerry watch without emotion . int . crescent bar - night 112 cherry begin to perform again on stage . curtis watch she for a beat , then reach into he envelope , take out a single $ 100 bill . he fold it , keep it for himself , then slide the rest across the bar to Pete . 113 114 official yellow 3/3/14 103 . curtis make sure she get this . cherry ( 0.s. ) this one 's for my little boy over there ... Pete nod , stashes it safely behind the bar . curtis turn back to the stage , listen to he mother sing . slow and haunt . cherry sing a cover of a old song about rainbows . curtis smile . ( there 's only one person could truly appreciate the serendipity of this moment . ) with purpose , he stand and exit as cherry 's sing carry over ... int . downtown casino 113 close on the little white ball spin round and round ... Gerry take a deep breath , ready to start life again with absolutely nothing . click . the ball drop into the '' double zero '' slot and the small group of onlooker erupt . Gerry stare at the ball , as onlooker cheer and slap he on the back . ext . bourbon STREET - night 114 we follow curtis pace down the middle of the street as festive tourist pass in and out of frame . cherry 's rendition of '' the rainbow song '' end to mild applause . int . downtown casino - high limit room 115 Gerry sit alone at a $ 100 minimum bet blackjack table . he have a hefty stack of chip in front of he , and he 's play large bet on multiple hand ... and he 's win . someone step into frame and lay $ 100 on the table . Gerry look up , watch as the new player take a seat . the dealer pass a single $ 100 chip to the man , and we discover ... ... the new player be curtis . curtis and Gerry check each other out silently , both notice the other 's new bruise . but they do not acknowledge each other . curtis place he only chip in the betting circle . Gerry push a stack of chip in each of he three betting circle . official yellow 3/3/14 104 . the dealer dish out the card , and Gerry wave he hand , stick with he deal card on all three hand . curtis tap the table , and the dealer flip over another card : a Queen . curtis bust and the dealer collect he only chip . curtis watch as the dealer also bust . curtis nod to Gerry as he stand to go , when Gerry toss he another chip . curtis smile thanks to Gerry and retake he seat . for the next hand , curtis bet he single chip again , while Gerry let the winning from the previous hand ride . the hand be deal . this time , both Gerry and curtis stick with they card . the dealer bust with a king . he pass a single chip to curtis and double Gerry 's giant stack . curtis toss the borrow chip back to Gerry . Gerry smile as a waitress step up to the table . gerry two woodford . another hand be deal . they both win . a rapid-fire series of cut propel we through several more hand . curtis manage to double he winning with each hand . so do Gerry . they be on fire . a small group of onlooker have gather around they table . they cheer with every win . as the waitress arrive with they woodford ... gerry ( cont 'd ) ( indicate curtis 's break nose ) I be plan to give you a message from tony roundtree ... but look like you already get it . curtis ( bewilder ) you see tony ? gerry he be just like you describe he . curtis shoot he a sly grin . the two man raise they glass and ... the crap table - later 116 we push in on Gerry and curtis scream after a roll of the dice . they be man possess . chip come out of they ear . official yellow 3/3/14 105 . Gerry roll again . another eruption . the atmosphere be insane . it feel like half the casino be gather around they table . Gerry be visibly manic with conflict emotion . giddy with joy one moment , spook with fear the next . ( in many way , this be he worst nightmare . be he capable of walk away from the streak of a lifetime ? ) curtis 's phone ring and he check the income ... curtis it 's Simone ! I have to take it . gerry you can not leave ! curtis I will be right here . I be not go anywhere . gerry make it quick . curtis take one step away from the table , while Gerry continue to win behind he . curtis ( into phone ) do you hear this ? that be the sweet sound of success ! pack you bag tonight ! we do it !... I do not know where we be go , but we want you there with we . Vegas , monte Carlo , fuck Salt Lake City , I do not give a shit ! hello ? ( pause ) I be sorry it 's loud . I just want to tell you ... I love you ! ( beat ) do you hear I ? I love you ! okay , okay . call I tomorrow ! curtis hang up , rejoin Gerry at the crap table . gerry we can not lose . curtis we can not lose . they smile at each other . a long beat . Gerry survey he surroundings . smiling face , stack of chip , blink light . official yellow 3/3/14 106 . gerry one last roll . all or nothing . curtis stare at Gerry . be he serious ? gerry ( cont 'd ) I be serious . curtis wait , Gerry , hang on a sec . gerry it 's okay . we can not lose . curtis we can not lose . gerry we can not lose . beat . there 's a strange tranquility between they . curtis we make it . gerry we make it . curtis I be not afraid . Gerry push they mountain of chip towards the betting area . croupier everything ? Gerry nod . the croupier hesitates , then call over a manager to approve the massive bet . the manager watch with a silence crowd as the croupier stack the chip into pile ... fifty thousand , hundred thousand , one fifty , up and up until ... croupier ( cont ’d ) two hundred eighty five thousand . the manager look at Gerry and curtis , who be patiently wait . he speak into a walkie talkie , then finally ... ..- nod he approval . croupier ( cont ’d ) you roll . the crowd around the table remain tense as Gerry hold the dice up for curtis , who give they a blow . official yellow 3/3/14 107 . Gerry shake the dice in he hand ... and let 's they fly . we rapidly push in on they face as curtis and Gerry both lean forward in anticipation -- int . casino steakhouse 117 curtis and Gerry sit across from each other in a restaurant overlook the casino floor . they be both emotionally daze . we pull back to reveal a table fill with champagne , steak and lobster . curtis I love this country . gerry ( still processing ) I just bet two hundred eighty five grand on a roll of the dice . curtis a hero be nothing more than the guy who pull off what the rest of we be scared to do . I be wrong about you . I think you be a sick pony that I be go to have to put down . but you be a hero , Gerry . a new american legend . Gerry take a few bite . chews . something be not right . curtis ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? gerry I do not know . try it . curtis sample a bite of Gerry 's steak . curtis melt . curtis oh my god ... gerry see ? curtis that be delicious . gerry you can not taste it ? something 's off . official yellow 3/3/14 108 . curtis there be nothing off about this steak , Gerry . Gerry look around , call for the waitress . gerry Excuse I ! curtis Gerry -- waitress yes , sir ? gerry could I get a cheeseburger ? waitress I be sorry , be there something wrong with you steak ? curtis no , do not worry , it 's perfect . I will eat it . waitress okay . I x11 be back with that burger . a awkward beat . gerry it have a funny taste . curtis what 's the matter ? you should be walk on sunshine right now . gerry I be . I be walk on sunshine . curtis and do not it feel good ? here , try some lobster . Gerry decline the bite . curtis ( cont 'd ) Gerry , you just win half a million dollar . cheer the fuck up ... tell you what I be gonna do . ( more ) beat . official yellow 3/3/14 109 . curtis ( cont 'd ) first thing tomorrow , I be gonna head over to the cadillac man and buy I a shiny new white caddy . what do you want , Gerry ? you want a new cadillac ? curtis ( cont 'd ) after you pay off you debt . you ex wife . tell I what you want . what you really really want . could be anything . first thing you think of . hit I , Gerry . what do you want ? one , two , three lay it on I ! Gerry ! what do you want ? we sit with Gerry , uncertain , wonder if he wildest dream come true might also be he worst nightmare . now he must face the responsibility he 's have a excuse to avoid all this time . beat . gerry I want to do something nice for Wendy . curtis great ! who 's Wendy ? gerry my daughter . curtis you daughter ? Holy shit , man ! you never say you have a kid ! gerry ( genuinely surprised ) I do not ? curtis no . but that 's great . how old be she ? gerry um ... Seven ? no , six . six . I think . curtis you think ? they both look off for a introspective beat . hold on a wide of this two bruise and beat winner . gerry she 's six . 120 121 official yellow 3/3/14 110 . curtis so there you have it . tomorrow 's a new day . and so 's the next . v.i.p. suite live room - dawn 118 Gerry stare out the giant window at the sun rise over the Mississippi . he be freshly shower , wear a towel around he waist . a new bandage cover he stomach wound . minute later 119 Gerry kneel in front of the safe . he punch in the code and open the door . the safe be completely fill with neatly stack pile of mint $ 100 bill -- roughly half a million . Gerry stare at all the cash ... v.i.p. suite bedroom - morning 120 a ringing cell phone stir curtis awake . curtis reach for he phone , see Simone 's name . he think for a beat , torment , but ... .-- he decline the call . he stare at the ceiling , and we reveal a naked woman as she roll over in bed beside he . he sit up on the edge of the bed , rub he head . v.i.p. suite live room 121 curtis wander into the live room , call into the adjoin bedroom . curtis I have a dream we be on a steamboat . and river bandit steal we money . silence . curtis ( cont 'd ) Gerry ? curtis look into the adjoin room . it 's empty . he lean back against the wall , think . after a beat , curtis go to the safe . he punch in a four - digit code and open the safe to find ... 122 123 124 125 official yellow 3/3/14 111. .-. it be half - fill with cash . there be a handwritten note where Gerry 's half use to be : '' it 's machu picchu time . give be hell , you beautiful loser ! '' curtis smile , bittersweet . curtis ( cont 'd ) machu picchu . omitted 122 omitted 123 int . downtown casino HOTEL lobby - day 124 curtis approach the front desk , he bag in hand . curtis I would like to check out of my v.i.p. penthouse suite ... Alice . he hand the cute receptionist , alice , he key . she smile and type on she computer . alice look like everything 's be comp , Mr. vonn . how be you trip ? curtis my trip be spectacular , thank you very much . alice you head home today ? curtis think for a beat , smile . curtis Peru . I be off to Peru . alice Peru ? wow . that sound nice . curtis wanta come with I ? she smile , blushes . curtis ( cont 'd ) I have never be more serious ... ext . used car lot - day 125 Gerry reach into a bag , full of cash , grab a roll of bill . official yellow 3/3/14 111a . he count out hundred to the same use car salesman who buy he car yesterday . Gerry notice the salesman look at he cash . gerry I get lucky . 126 official yellow 3/3/14 112. inside the car 126 Gerry climb in . sit . with he bandage hand , he reach into he pocket , remove the partially bloody photo of Wendy and he cat . ( be he ready to face what he 's be run from all this year ? ) he clip the photo to the visor above he head . and start the ignition . Joe Navarro 's '' 200 poker tell '' begin immediately . joe navarro 's voice number one hundred twenty : relaxed and square . shoulder that be suddenly relaxed and square be say , '' I be confident . '' if someone go from slump shoulder to square relaxed shoulder I would be concerned as they be likely to be strong . Gerry , slump back in he seat , straighten up , square he shoulder . he look at himself in the rearview mirror . he scrunches he face . then relax . CUT to black .