" mission to mar " screenplay by Jim Thomas , John Thomas &amp ; Graham yost Story by lowell cannon , Jim Thomas &amp ; John Thomas shoot draft fade in : ext . late afternoon sky Blue sky , a few puff of cloud , pierce by slant ray of sunlight . late afternoon on a perfect day . super title : " houston , TEXAS . JULY 4 , 2020 . " as we hear , after a few more beat , a astronaut voice . phil T minus ten , nine , eight , start ignition sequence , five , four , three , two , one , ignition ... liftoff ! a tiny red streak zip into the sky , then burst with a faint , ludicrous pop . a bottle rocket . we hear children' laughter , excited shout . ext . lawn party . luke graham' house . late afternoon descending , we see phil ohlmyer , late 20' , kneel , with a gaggle of eager child around he . phil , a astronaut , have get a impressive array of firework line up , and be use a empty longneck as he launching tube . child ( all at once ) my turn ! my turn ! no , I be next ! no , I ! uncle phil , uncle phil , can I do one ? I want to do one ! phil guy , guy , please ! this be risky stuff here . and I be a highly train professional . derisive groans from the kid , more shout . phil grin . there 's little danger NASA will ever use he on a recruiting poster : he 's messy , very hyper . phil wave he hand for silence . phil okay , okay ! uncle phil will launch another booster ... another astronaut , renee cote , a tall , very fit french woman , be walk by with a fresh six - pack . she toss a beer and phil catch it . phil ... just as soon as he complete he fuel intake . angle follows cote who grin , walk away from phil and the kid , as we begin to get a better sense of the scope of this party . we be in the big back yard of a middle - class home in a Houston suburb . dozen of people - astronaut , NASA personnel , and they family -- be gather around picnic table or spread - out blanket . lot of red , white and blue bunt , lot of balloon . we hear snatch of music , mostly country - flavor , from dueling boombox . futuristic frisbee be be toss about . a banner , strung between tree , read " bon voyage , mar one !!! " willis it will take we six month just to get to Mars . another year on the surface , then six month back . that 's two year ... pass the banner , cote lob a beer to another astronaut , nicholas willis , who snag it neatly . he 's get he other arm around the waist of a pretty girl . as cote move out of frame , angle linger on this two . Willis , a very young astronaut , early 20 , be recruiting poster material , and know it all too well . willis I guess what I be try to say be , since this be my last night on Earth , it 's gonna be a very precious memory to I . y'know ? pretty girl Nice try , Nick . as the pretty girl slip out of he grasp , laugh , and walk away , Willis shrug philosophically . he pop open he beer , swig it . angle follows the pretty girl as she swerve around a open - pit barbecue , where other astronaut be gather . cote have pause here , too , distribute the last of she beer . sergei kirov , a Russian cosmonaut , be watch some kid nearby as they play a game of wiffle ball . he turn , grin beerily at the chef . kirov hey , Woody , we Mars one crew will not be head back to Earth till ten day after you guy land at we base camp with Mars two . that 's a pretty good long rendezvous . woody blake , late 30 , be a big , rangy guy in a cowboy hat over a Hawaiian shirt and a " kiss the chef " apron . a entire pig be turn on a spit over the flame , and Woody be basting this as he smile at malik . woody what be you suggest , sergei ? kirov maybe you should bring a baseball bat . yes ? american baseball ? we two crew could have ourselves a little solar system Series . woody please . half you guy be foreigner . we would crush you . kirov no , no , we have equal crew . Three man , one woman . same handicap . he grin teasingly at cote , who make a face at he . woody easy now , you be talk about my wife . ( see she approach ) and terri just happen to be one helluva shortstop . dr . terri fisher , early 30 , pass by with a platter of corn -on - the-cob . short , sturdy body , a face make attractive by its alert , questing intelligence . she pause to kiss Woody 's cheek ; there 's a wonderful , sexy spark between they . then she glance at kirov , all business now . terri fast pitch , no steal , batter call he own strike . thousand buck make it interesting ? he 's a bit rattle by she cockiness , and look at cote , who smile , nod she cool agreement . cote eh bien . winner take all . terri good. ( smile sweetly at kirov ) bring some ball . the other man ooooh at this , busting on kirov and cote , as terri move on . Woody , watch she go , have a thousand - watt grin . woody you wanna know the sad part ? technically I outrank she . but if we want any peace at all on Mars two , I be gonna be say a lot of " yes , dear . " the other laugh . angle follows terri as she dodge a pack of kide -- they run by she , shriek happily - before she finally reach a picnic table , where astronaut ' wive be open container of baked bean , coleslaw , and potato salad . 1st wife ... just not sure how I feel about NASA allow couple to go on this type of mission together . one of the other woman raise a warning eyebrow , and the 1st wife turn , see terri set down she platter . 1st wife ( embarrassed ) nothing personal , terri . it 's just that , well , it 's kind of a funny feel for that of we stay behind . terri ( carefully neutral ) all the research show that marriage will provide stability on this long duration trip . 2 nd wife then they have not study some of the couple I have know . laughter at this . terri smile politely -- she do not really have much in common with this woman -- before move on . angle linger on the wife , who watch she go with a slight tinge of jealousy . one of they be look around . 3rd wife anybody see Jim mcconnell ? 4 th wife I do not think he 's come . 1st wife God , that poor man . how 's he do ? 2 nd wife totally lose it , from what I hear . can not sleep , can not eat . visit she grave almost every day . ( lower she voice ) they say he could lose mission status . 3rd wife oh , that 's so sad . that be just so tragic . you go to a routine physical one day , and wham . 4 th wife after all that year of training , too . it be they whole dream . 1st wife must be a pretty funny feel for luke Graham . y'know ? now he 's gonna be in the history book . first man on Mars ... she shake she head , awed by the think . the other nod in agreement , follow she glance ... in the distance , a lone male figure stand by the garage , he back to they , face the park car , van , and suv which stretch down the driveway and along the street . another figure , a woman , can be see approach he . closer angle follows the move woman -- debra graham , early 30 , very attractive -- until she reach she husband . luke graham , mid 30 , have the lean , fit body of a astronaut , the restless intellect of a scientist . he 's unaware of she approach until she touch he shoulder . he look at she with a apologetic smile . debra he 's not come , luke . luke Jim deserve this , too . all he friend be here . and it 's my last night . debra ( gently ) you last night with we , too . he look at she , move . she summon a smile . he slide he arm around she waist , kiss she forehead . luke I love you , Deb . debra I love you too , baby . but maybe you should spend some time with Bobby . luke yeah . I will . where be he ? debra up in he fort . he kiss she again , then go . debra 's eye follow he , with a mixture of pride and sadness . angle follows luke away from the garage , into ext . the back yard . late afternoon luke move through the crowd . phil and the kid be still shoot off rocket . Red streak arc high overhead . in the back corner of the yard , where it 's quieter , he pass Willis , who 's sit on a blanket , murmure soulfully to pretty girl # 2 . willis deep space be so lonesome . so cold . but I guess I will have my memory to keep I warm ... luke shake he head . Willis be incorrigible . finally he reach a tall redwood playset . he look up the ladder . a SMALL boy sit on the platform of the tower , arm around he knee , stare up at the star . a telescope rest nearby on a tripod . he look lonely . luke climb up , sit down on the wooden deck next to he . bobby , 7 , glance over at he dad , he idol , then back at the sky . bobby who 's gonna read to I now , at bedtime ? luke be surprised by the question . a pause . luke mommy will . bobby I like when you do it . now we be never gonna finish we book . his voice be unexpectedly fierce . he 's fight back tear . luke be move . another brief silence . luke well , I will tell you what . I have be think about that . and what I think be -- how ' bout if I bring along my own copy ? ( Bobby look at he ) then every night , wherever I be , I will read a little bit more of it . and I will know that you and mommy , wherever you be , you be read it too . that way , it will feel like we be still read it together . ' Cause I do not know about you , but I be pretty anxious to find out how 'ol Ben gunn get maroon on that island . what d' you say ? Bobby manage a smile . he nod , feel a little better . luke be proud of he son 's courage . luke good deal . can I have a hug ? Bobby 's arm go around he father 's neck . he hug luke fiercely , and luke hug he back . his eye , over the thin young shoulder , be brim with love and impending absence . then , from the distance , the sound of a approaching car . they both turn . a open Jeep be come down the street . its driver be alone . luke 's expression change . recognition , then happiness . ext . luke's STREET . late afternoon the Jeep stop , its electric engine whirring down . the Driver climb out wearily , reach into the back seat , and come out with a champagne bottle , hastily decorate with ribbon . the party sound be drift this way , and he hesitates a moment , seem to gather himself . he start gamely towards the party , then pause again . debra Graham stand nearby on the front lawn , wait . she smile tentatively . jim mcconnell , early 40s , manage a smile in return . he have dark circle under he eye , and he clothes look sleep in . yet we sense , even through he sadness , a kind of quiet competence in this man , a unforce authority ; he 's a natural leader . debra hurry forward , into he arm , and he hug she . they separate , look at each other . her eye be shine . debra we be afraid you would not come . mcconnell I catch a whiff of you barbecue . after that I be helpless . debra all the way out in Galveston ? mcconnell something like that . ( she smile ) it 's he night , Deb . I do not want to spoil it . debra spoil it ? he 's be go crazy look for you . over she shoulder he see luke approach , he arm around Bobby . the two man look at each other , the bond between they so strong it need no word . finally luke smile . luke c'mon . a whole lot of folk here be gonna be mighty glad to see you . mcconnell come towards he , accompany by debra , and together the four of they move out of frame , head towards the party . angle hold on the parking area , as we ... dissolve to : ext . same view . night ( hour later ) all the park car and van be go now , except for two : mcconnell 's Jeep and Woody 's classic ' vette . Willis , one of the last to go , be just depart on he motorcycle . perched behind he , arm around he waist , be pretty girl # 3 . they zoom away , through the darken neighborhood . ext . back yard . night the yard be nearly desert . the " bon voyage " banner have tear loose at one end and flutter limply . here and there a napkin blow across the ground . in the distance , three figure sit on the ground , by the wane fire of the barbecue pit , sip beer . closer on this trio as Woody shove another piece of wood into the flame . for a moment he , mcconnell , and luke be silent , stare at the spark as they rise towards the star -- red and gold dot mingling with the silver one . woody ( abruptly ) I wish we be all go . together . the intensity in he voice surprise the other , and even Woody himself . luke glance at mcconnell . a awkward beat . luke then you have get a short memory . think back to how we be by the second week of lunar training . woody oh , you be not gonna bring that up again -- luke ( laugh ) I be try to remember , let 's see , which one of we score the lowest rank up there ? woody you just can not let that go -- luke oh , man , three commander , on the same ship ? if they send we off to Mars together , there would not be enough fuel to lift all that ego . woody ( laugh ) bullshit , we would have make a great crew . mcconnell that be never gonna happen . I be always team with maggie , and we be mostly chalkboard jocky . you know ? system . payload ... luke listen to he . Mr. cover-of - time Magazine ! woody yeah , who land the crippled block ii shuttle ? luke yeah , and who score high on the lunar ranking ? woody let it go , luke . mcconnell ( smile ) sure , I make a little noise . but put the first footprint on Mars ? Nah . that 's for guy who ... ( look at luke ) ... write they Ph.D. thesis on how to colonize the place . and guy who ... ( look at Woody ) ... read too much science fiction as a kid and still wear little flash Gordon rocketship around they neck . he grab playfully at Woody 's neck . Woody smack he hand away , laugh . woody you read the same damn science fiction book that I do ! you be just not man enough to wear jewelry ! he pull from he shirt a little flash Gordon rocketship emblem hang on a chain , and waggle this tauntingly at mcconnell , as luke and mcconnell laugh . woody you want flash . you know you want he . well you will have to come through I ! luke grab Woody 's arm to give mcconnell a better shot at the emblem , but Woody cuff he hand away , laugh . mcconnell , watch they horseplay , shake he head . mcconnell God , she would have love to see you two clown . just one more time . he try to smile , but he face redden . then all at once he chest be heaving as he struggle to control he emotion . Woody see this , reach out a reassure hand , but mcconnell shake he off , rise abruptly . he turn he back on they , walk away a few step . Woody and luke exchange a worried glance . ext . luke's STREET . later that night mcconnell and luke watch as Woody start up he corvette . mcconnell have regain he composure . luke hey , woodrow , be not it about time you donate this thing to a museum ? Woody revs the engine , which roar lustily . he grin . woody Internal combustion , boy . accept no substitute . luke laugh . Woody look at mcconnell . woody Jim , if there 's ever ... if there 's anything terri and I can do -- mcconnell I be okay . really . thanks . Woody reach out to shake luke 's hand . woody see you when I get to Mars , luke . do not solve all the mystery of the universe , okay ? leave a little something for the next guy . luke I will see what I can do . just make sure you bring some fresh beer . woody you get it . with a final glance at mcconnell , Woody slip the car into gear . mcconnell and luke watch as he drive away . a silence . luke glance at he old friend , grow more serious . we sense he 's be wait all night for a chance to say this . luke should have be you mission , Jim . your and maggie 's . mcconnell , look after Woody 's car , become very still . luke none of we ever want Mars the way you two do . not even Woody . twelve year of hope for this assignment , training for it -- mcconnell that 's all over now . luke if maggie have not get sick -- if you have not pull yourself out of the rotation to take care of she -- mcconnell turn to he , he eye flash danger . he will not tolerate pity . luke see this but press on . luke no , I be gonna say this . I have to say it ... ( pause ) I want Mars one . Hell , I battle you for it every step of the way . never want to beat anybody so bad in my life . but not like this ... Jim , I would give this all up in a second , if it would bring maggie back to we . mcconnell be deeply move , and for a moment do not trust he own voice . mcconnell I know that , luke . you do not have to say it ... Mars be yours now . go get it . luke ( pause ) take care of yourself . mcconnell yeah . you too . luke nod . they grab hand for a second , then let go . luke walk back towards he house . mcconnell watch he for a moment , then turn , walk over to he Jeep . he open he door , then pause . he turn . look up at -- ext . night sky a tiny reddish dot hover there , glow steadily . Mars itself , a tantalize prize . but for he now , more distant than ever . for he , perhaps , never to be attain . close on mcconnell's face as we see this thought go through he . after a moment he look down at he shoe and the sandy verge of the front yard . mcconnell's eye be a map of complex emotion : regret , injure pride , infinite yearn . gently , a bit self - consciously , he lift one shoe and set it down again , make a careful , deliberate footprint in the sandy soil ... omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . mar . chryse planitia . day instantly we be hurl into a immense , stun landscape , mysterious and vivid as a fever dream . Dazzling sunlight . a vast plain of rust-orange soil . countless crater . boulder the size of house , toss about by the hand of god . twin moon hang in a salmon- pink sky . on the horizon , tower , craggy peak . and , at center -- the only sign of life -- a small , mysterious , move puff of dust . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . mar . day closer angle as a small , sojourner - like , multi-wheele robotic vehicle amble into frame , jouncing along the orange martian soil , pause to snuffle its sensor towards the occasionally interesting rock . letter on its side read " are - 8 . " super title : " mar . plain of cydonia . EIGHT month later . " suddenly are - 8 pause . its video lens whirr out , fine -tun focus , as it become intrigue by something offscreen -- a higher , more distant target . the little fellow almost quiver with excitement . ext . mar . tiu vallis . day a one - man atv rover wait in the background , in a dry streambed , as luke , in a eva spacesuit , swing a claw rock hammer against a multi-layered , sedimentary rock face . reddish dust coat he bulky white suit . despite that bulk , he move easily in the light martian gravity ( 1 / 3 Earth 's ) . a hunk of rock break off , and luke examine it more closely , hold it up to he clear faceplate . he 's very happy , absorb in this work , when he radio crackle . cote luke , you read I ? luke yeah , Renee . cote luke , I just get are - 8 on line and ... well , we think you be gonna wanna see this for yourself . luke , though reluctant to break off work , be intrigue . luke copy that . as luke turn away , head for the rover we pull wide to reveal a staggering prospect , see for the first time : valle marineris , that planet - crease slash . so wide , so deep , it boggle the mind : on earth it would reach from New York to l.a . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . mar one hab . day the crew of Mars one - kirov , Willis , and cote -- have join luke , gather around some display monitor . they're in NASA jumpsuit ; the hab have artificial atmosphere , enhance gravity , and heat . all be captivate by what they see . on a video screen we see a low - angle image of a elongate , rubble and dirt - cover mountain . hard to tell scale , but it look huge . what 's most strike , however , be a white peak barely protrude through the rubble two - third of the way along the mountain 's ridgeline . its whiteness be in clear contrast to the typical rust - orange of the surround rubble ; what 's more , this strange little peak also display a oddly - smooth , multi-plane symmetry . luke what the hell be that ? cote no idea , boss . luke where be it ? cote glance at the other . they be all smirk , as if they share some secret joke luke 's not yet in on . willis you do not wanna know . luke c'mon , what 's so funny ? gimme the coordinate . he lean over to read a digital gauge , but cote cover it with she hand , enjoy the tease . cote latitude 41 degree north , longitude 9 degree west . luke the Plains of cydonia . so? ( pause ) oh no . you be not tell I -- they all laugh as the other shoe drop . luke 's expression be incredulous , exasperate . cote oui. exactement ! it 's kirov 's fault , he pick today 's sector . kirov hey , c'mon ! we have get a scientific duty to check that thing out . luke sit , take over the are remote control from cote . they all watch as he fine tune the image , try without success to coax more resolution . luke great . that 's great . the first anomaly we hit , and it 's gotta be in the one place guarantee to make NASA look ridiculous ... you know how many book have be write about that damned mountain ? cote the egyptian put it there . kirov no , the amazon . willis no , it be little green man ! luke and all because a couple of lousy impact crater happen to look like eye socket . if this get out , we will have every ufo kook on Earth spout off on the six o'clock news ... c'mon , people , gimme a read here . be that a cinder cone ? kirov Nah , too smooth . too angular . volcanic upwell ? cote no fissure . no caldera . luke it 's a upwell , for sure . but maybe not volcanic ... the other look at he , puzzle . luke lean in closer , with grow excitement . he point to the screen . luke look at the color . and see how shiny it be ? I could swear that 's ice ... cote this far south ? willis impossible . you can not have ice at this latitude . not unless ... they look at each other , luke 's excitement now leaping from one to another of they . they be almost tremble . willis oh my God . luke how far away be it ? kirov sixteen kilometer northeast . take we twenty minute to get there . luke ( consider a moment ) let 's send a packet to micker . then we will go check it out . ext . mar one base camp . day airlock door slide back , revealing the crew in eva suit , carry gear . they walk over to ... the four -man rover the astronaut climb in through the hatch . the last one in pull it shut behind he and lock the latch . we see cote and luke check they screen and press some button . luke put the rover in drive . wider angle , pulling up and away as the rover move off across the rocky surface , dust kick up from the wheel , we get we first exterior glimpse of the Mars one base Camp . the main hab unit look like a huge tuna can with a conical top section ; it connect to a separate , inflate - bubble greenhouse . there 's also a oxygen still , propellant plant , and , on the other side , a couple hundred meter distant , the massive erv ( Earth return vehicle ) , which arrive as a separate , unmanned flight . row of solar panel , array on the ground , and a american flag on a thin pole , about man-height , complete the scene . dissolve to : ext . INTERNATIONAL space station ( isp ) . earth orbit . day a vast , impressive , multi - sectioned spacecraft be drift majestically above Earth . the main hull display both NASA and U.N. flag decal . super title : " INTERNATIONAL space station . mar mission control room ( mmcr ) . 20 minute time lag . " we move in towards another of the station 's segment , which be dedicated entirely ( as we see from more label and insignia ) to the Mars Program : Control room , train and live quarter , and a vehicle dock and Launch Area , where Mars two be already position for its eventual flight . we hear luke's excite voice , over speaker . luke this be a truly anomalous formation . look like nothing we have see so far . the structure appear to be crystalline , at least from the angle display by are - 8 ... int . mmcr . day on a large CENTER display screen , we see luke and the Mars one crew , sit around they kitchen table in the hab , finish lunch while taping this video message . luke ( grin ) we be all try not to go too nut up here , but -- we think there 's a good chance this could be a extrusion from some subsurface , geothermal column of water . and if we be right ... he look at he crew . they beam like cat who eat canary . luke ... then we have find the key to permanent human colonization . in the mmcr there 's a excite buzz among the assemble technician , flight engineer , and scientist . this would be a fantastic , epochal discovery . mcconnell sit at the center console , wear a headset . he 's now the Mars one capcom ( capsule communicator ) , and he manner be brisk , efficient , all - business . a technician lean in for instruction . mcconnell tell geology and hydrology we need to scramble on this . full - court press . the technician nod , hurry away . mcconnell , share the intense excitement of that around he , stare up at the screen where luke and he crew be still smile , well know the excitement they bombshell will create . luke anyway , we 'are go out to take a closer look at it , try to get a idea of its composition . ( check he watch ) by the time you receive this , we should be just about on-site . ext . mar . the face . plain of cydonia . day the rover be a hundred meter away and move fast toward camera . we boom down to reveal are - 8 , still faithfully hold its point , like a irish setter , with its video snout whirring out . the rover drive up and slow to a stop nearby . the hatch door crack open and some dust vent out . the door open all the way and the astronaut climb out . they all look up in awe . we hear they voice on radios . kirov Jesus Christ ... the mysterious peak gleam in the sun , dazzle white , its facet as plane and smooth as if a architect have draw they . it pierce through the topmost rubble at the near end of the big mountain -- a isolate , butte-like giant , stretch two mile from leave to right in front of they . the astronaut walk towards the mountain . there 's a very deep , very low , staccato tone intrude over they headsets . luke anyone else hear that ? cote yeah . what be it ? willis sound like we antenna 's out of phase . luke can you fix it ? willis hey , skip , I can fix anything . luke Big talker . Renee , sergei , let 's break out the radar , see what this thing 's make of . as they go to they job , the deep , barely audible rumbling tone continue . int . space station . corridor outside mmcr . day multinational crewmembers walk by , in the artificial gravity of the busy station , as ray beck , mid-50s , approach from the opposite direction . beck be the tough , crewcut , pr - savvy head of the NASA Mars Program ( id would by he name tag ) , and just now he 's lead a covey of U.N. ambassador on a tour . the ambassador , of both sex , many nation , and all race , look as excited as schoolkid . beck ... and this be the Mars Mission Control room , nickname " micker . " I understand a comm packet be income from Mars one base Camp , so you may find this interesting . he open the door , ushere he flock inside . int . mmcr . day the ambassador enter , ooh and ahhing over the impressive array of gadgetry and personnel , and especially over the big screen . some of they start take souvenir snaphot . the nigerian ambassador turn to beck , whisper curiously . ambassador that man over there . he 's in charge ? beck follows he glance to mcconnell who be surround by a knot of technician , to whom he be give quiet , precise instruction . they hover , then depart , like so many eager bee . beck smile indulgently at the ambassador 's misunderstanding . beck no , actually , that 's Jim mcconnell , the capcom . we voice link to the astronaut ? Jim 's be with the manned Mars program since its inception . one of we real pioneer . ambassador will he be go to Mars , too ? beck ah , no . this be as close as he get . on the screen luke and he crew have finish eat , and be clear away they dish and leftover . luke ... anyway , that 's about it . we will send another packet when we get back . cote clear she throat , give luke a look . the other can barely conceal they grin . luke oh , right . one more thing . today be a very special day for a good friend of ours , and I know he 's there right now . mcconnell look at the screen , worried . what 's luke up to ? luke now , he hate it when any fuss be make , so I will not mention he name ... a look of relief come over mcconnell . luke ... because the last thing in the world I would ever want to do be embarrass someone like Jim mcconnell . mcconnell wince -- dear God , no -- as , on the screen , kirov appear from off camera hold a cupcake with a burn candle stick in it , and the Mars one crew start singing " happy birthday " to he . loudly . and very off -key . luke c'mon , you micker weasel , sing ! soon most everyone in mmcr be sing along -- even some of the jolly ambassador -- with the noticeable exception of beck , who stiffen unhappily . mcconnell be mortify . luke ( sing a line , then , to camera : ) hey , Ray ! take a look at he ! be he all red with one of that fake " I be - a-good -sport " grin ? beck look over at mcconnell , who indeed be red in the face with a fake " I be - a-good-sport " grin . luke and hey , you guy , check out Ray ! do he have on one of he " this - be not - in- my-mission - plan " face ? indeed , beck 's smile be thin , sour , disapprove . luke nothing you can do about it , Ray ! we be a hundred million mile away ! luke and the crew finish sing the song . luke raise the cupcake in a toast . luke happy birthday , jimbo ! make a wish ! he and he crew lean in , blow out the candle . they laugh and applaud , then wave goodbye . luke catch you again soon . take care , buddy . end of transmission . luke reach out , turn off the camera , and the display screen goe black . beck turn , he gaze lock with mcconnell 's . he 's annoyed , as if this violation of protocol be somehow mcconnell 's fault . mcconnell return he stare coolly . ext . mar . the face . plain of cydonia . day cote stand by a display screen mount on the rover . kirov have a big radar gun on a tripod , point at the mountain . luke turn to cote . luke well ? what 's under there ? cote ( puzzle ) je not sais pas . I ... I think there 's something wrong with the equipment . luke what ? cote I mean , it can not be right . it say ... it say there 's metal under there . luke do not understand . he walk up to look at the display screen . cote ( point ) there 's ten , twelve meter of rubble and sand , and then ... solid metal . luke that do not make any sense . you be read a vein of ore . cote ( shake she head ) no . it 's under the whole mountain . the deep pulsing tone continue . luke frown . luke Nick , could the problem with the antenna be interfere ? willis could be . luke ( to cote and kirov ) try it closer and up the power . I will watch the screen . int . mmcr . day mcconnell be taping a audio message to be send to Mars as the rest of mmcr look on . beck be go . so be the U. n. ambassador . mcconnell ah , we be all pretty stoke about that formation you spot , Mars one . the folk in the geology and hydrology back room be go over you image and compare they to every photomap they have get . ext . mar . the face . plain of cydonia . day cote and kirov be close to the foot of the mountain , resetting the radar gun on its tripod . the deep vibrate tone continue . luke be some distance away , by the rover . he look at Willis , who 's still work on the rover 's antenna . luke Nick , how we come on that antenna ? willis goin ' as fast as I can , boss . cote and kirov be have some trouble with the switch on the radar gun . they turn towards luke and Willis . kirov hey , Nick . come show I how stupid I be . I can not get this to work . Willis look at luke . luke nod -- go help they . Willis start towards the radar gun . int . mmcr . day mcconnell be hand a slip of paper , glance at it . mcconnell Medical want I to remind you that you be three day late on you blood test . I know they be a bore , but you have get to get they do , or else ... or else I do not know what . just do they , okay ? ext . mar . the face . plain of cydonia . day Willis , cote , and kirov get the radar gun up and run . kirov all set here , chief . luke sidle over to the display screen on the rover . luke okay . crank up the juice and let 's see what 's in this sucker . int . mmcr . day mcconnell check over he clipboard list of update . mcconnell I think that 's about it for business . but on a personal note , be advise that , ah , none of you can sing worth a damn . laughter in the mmcr . ext . mar . the face . plain of cydonia . day luke watch the screen on the rover , as , by the mound ... kirov flip a switch on the radar gun , then swivel its muzzle slowly across the near slope of the mountain . we hear and feel the radar signal . the immediate result be that the pulsing tone we have be hearing suddenly stop . luke look up from the display screen . a puzzle expression . luke why do that stop ? a split-second later , he get he answer . we hear a whoosh , a mighty rush of wind , as a gigantic , translucent cylinder start to swirl and rise , straight up from the top or the mountain , at its center . as it swirl , the cylinder pick up debris -- pebble , sand -- from the sediment - encrust surface of the slope . the four astronaut stare up at this spectacle , awed . a cyclone ? some kind of energy wave ? they have no idea . at the moment they be too fascinate to even be scared . tilting up - from there Pov we see the whirling cylinder rise , higher and higher , perfectly straight , until in just moment it 's as tall as a skyscraper . as it rise , it gain speed and power , narrowing at its top into a conical vortex . it 's suck up so much dirt , so many rock -- even small boulder now -- that the accumulate debris begin to darken its swirl , translucent outer " skin " . the astronaut Exchange amaze glance . can not believe they eye ... int . mmcr . day mcconnell still hover by the microphone . mcconnell honestly , luke , if you guy do not have anything better to do with you time , I can make some suggestion to mission medical . there be worse thing than blood test . laughter and groans from the staff in mmcr . ext . mar . the face . plain of cydonia . day luke , still stare in fascination , become aware of sand and pebble flash past he helmet . from behind . he turn . sand patter against he faceplate as the nearby landscape blur . the vacuume effect be become more general across the area . more violent . luke be alarm and the spell be break . he key he throat mike , he lip move , but no sound can be hear over the roaring wind . he wave he arm , motion for the other to back away , towards the rover . wind whip at they eva suit as they obey he , retreate . luke , back away himself , be afraid to take he eye off the cylinder . then he see that one man -- Willis -- have not move . in fact he 's busily snap photograph of the cylinder . luke hurry over to he , tug he sleeve . willis lower he camera but still stare up , transfix , like a man face to face with a cobra . luke follow the young astronaut 's frighten gaze , and he own eye widen as he see the top of the vortex beginning to tilt down , then coil sideways . suddenly they be look into the huge open " mouth " of it , as sand and rock fly into the swirl darkness ... the monstrous , gape maw slither down over the rim of the mountain , turn this way , then that . seek they . and then , with horrifying precision , it lock in on the little group of astronaut . and lunge towards they ... ext . mar . the face . plain of cydonia . day luke and Willis turn , run as hard as they can towards the rover . but the suction be so great , it 's as if they be hold back by wire . the ground itself be shaking , rumbling , as earthquake begin to open fissure across the plain . the roar of the vortex , the groaning of the earth , be like a onrush freight train ... ahead of they in the maelstrom of fly debris , they can barely make out cote and kirov , still retreate , lean back with all they strength against the suction , while stare up , aghast . suddenly a hurtle rock , the size of a basketball , smashes into cote 's helmet from behind , crush it and kill she instantly . blood spray into the wind , immediately crystallize , in the sub-zero atmosphere , into red pellet ... luke , horrified , fling he arm up as bloody hail patter against he faceplate and forearm . a instant later he see kirov snatch up by the wind , then sweep past he , in a terrifying blur , arm and leg flail , mouth open in a silent scream as he vanish ... the ground at luke's feet abruptly open , and he slide into a fissure . scrabble frantically with he glove hand , he manage to momentarily arrest he fall , grip the edge of the fault line , with he helmet and one elbow thrust over its lip . the air be almost solidly choke with debris , deadly boulder bound over he , and torrent of cascade sand be bury he alive ... close on luke barely conscious , as he watch , for a horrifying final instant , as ... he last crewman , willis be suck bodily into the black maw of the vortex , spin and tumble like a rag doll ... close on willis' face his feature grotesquely distort by the force tear at he , before suddenly he faceplate be spray with blood , and ... distant angle - luke's Pov Willis 's spacesuit explode , he entire body disintegrate into a million bit , which instantly disappear into the hellish maelstrom . and then that maelstrom itself , just as abruptly ... stop . vanish . there be a instant , ringing silence , as awesome in its own way as the roaring storm itself have be ... wide angle on the plain , as the last pebble , release from suction , pitter down , bounce . swirl of dust and sand drift away , settling gently . the harsh orange landscape be once again calm , peaceful . and then , from the direction of the nearby mountain , we hear another sound : the deep bass pulsing rumble return . int . mmcr . day as mcconnell finish he message to luke . mcconnell oh , and I talk to debra . she and Bobby be do fine . Said to tell you , they be , ah , they be on they " third time through the book , page -- ( glance at a note ) -- page 125 . " they send they love and say take care of yourself . same from we here , buddy . till next time , then . end of transmission . ext . mar . the face . plain of cydonia . day moving angle , the camera exploring ground zero , as the bass , pulsing rumble continue ... we pass the Rover , cant sideways into a little crater , with its canopy miss , one axle fracture , but miraculously still with all four wheel ... we pass faithful little are - 8 , lie on its side , partially crush under a boulder . it give a final , pitiful whine , its video snout slowly extend , then die . and finally we come to the area where the fissure have be , and see the fissure have be filled in leave only a slender crease of umber sand . no sign of luke . the pulsing rumble continue , over , as we see ext . aerial view . day a extraordinary sight , see from high in the air , look back down . stare up at we from the bottom of a shallow crater , scour clean of its aeon of accumulate silt and rubble , be a structure resembling a vast humanoid face . the surface be gleam white , apparently metallic . the feature be suggest by intricately interlock plane , slope , ramp . the " eye " -- hatches of some kind ? -- be close , and the overall expression be eerily calm , but terrible in its power , like some ancient tribal mask . we see the face clearly for only a few beat before thick , scudd cloud obscure it , but the deep , pulsing rumble continue , low and insistent ... dissolve to : int . mar two ( docked ) . cockpit . day we be inside the Mars two spacecraft , which be still in its dock position alongside the Space Station . Woody blake , wear a NASA jumpsuit , float up into the cockpit in Zero-G , study a thick manual . woody ( read ) " Problem : hatch door malfunction , backup power fail , manual override fail . solution : replace circuit breaker 907b . " he strap into the pilot 's seat , stare at a electrical junction box at one end of the console . woody okay ... piece of cake . he swing open the housing , revealing a bewilder tangle of fuse and wire . he sigh heavily , as terri drift up beside he , also in a jumpsuit , and strap into the co-pilot 's seat . woody God , who dream up this nightmare ? terri do not try to change the subject . woody I be not ! we be talk about you sister 's wedding , right ? terri very funny . we be talk about dance lesson . before my sister 's wedding . woody honey , do you mind ? I have get a catastrophic power failure here . he peer into the housing with exaggerated concern . but terri 's not so easily sidetracked . terri Woody , we be a marry couple . would it kill you to invite I out on the floor once in awhile ? woody I dance with you at we wedding . terri I be not talk about shuffle you foot around while you grab my butt . I mean real dance . cha-cha , rhumba , jitterbug -- woody face it , honey , some couple dance , some go to Mars . that 's life . terri I be serious . we have get two more month in this training rotation , but just as soon as we get home , we be start lesson . if we never dance , people will think there 's something wrong . woody if they see I dance , they will know there 's something wrong . reaching past he , she pull out the require breaker . as he react , surprised , she smile , despite she exasperation . terri you be such a lug . overhead , a intercom crackle . we hear phil . phil' voice cockpit , this be Control . terri Control , this be cockpit . phil be voice uh , terri , they want we all back in the Station . report to micker . terri who say report to micker ? phil' voice the little man who live in my head . woody phil , c'mon ! we just start this drill . phil Woody , it be Ray beck . he tell I to round up the team . now . Woody and terri exchange a worried look . what 's wrong ? omitted sequence omit from original script . int . space station . mmcr . day a crisis atmosphere prevail . the big room be more crowded than we have ever see it , with engineer and manager hurry by , huddle in tense , confer knot , or mutter feverishly into microphone . on the center screen , a giant image of Mars . a frantic flow of green number crawl above and below this , and the site of the Mars one base Camp be mark in blink red . woody and he crew be stare up at this screen , appal . mcconnell and beck stand nearby , briefing they . beck then , at 1417 , the x-band continuous data stream from Mars go silent . all data -- mo , environmental , everything -- suddenly stop . while we be try to figure out what the hell go wrong , we get a signal from the folk at the large array at soccoro . mcconnell at the same moment we lose the data stream , they pick up a intense burst of energy from Mars . woody what do you mean , " intense " ? mcconnell ( hesitates ) catastrophic . look be exchange among the Mars two crew . terri what about the crew ? beck the level of energy in the pulse ... do not seem survivable . woody what about the remo ? it go into Mars orbit last week . maybe that could give we some clue . mcconnell good think , Woody . that 's just what we try next . he lean over , punch button on a keyboard . on the CENTER screen a orange dot can be see in its orbital ellipse around Mars , leave a glow electronic trail . this dot get isolate in a view box , then enlarge and rotate into the computer - animated image of a small , ugly , industrial - look unmanned cargo craft , label " remo . " mcconnell the resupply module check out fine . no instrument failure , no change in status . orbit hold steady . but there be something else . the remo' computer contain a uplink message -- a very faint , highly distort transmission from Mars one base Camp . terri someone 's alive . mcconnell yes . phil how ? beck the message be almost indecipherable . two team be still work on it . you better see for yourselves . int . mmcr . day finger press button on a console . mcconnell , Woody , terri , and phil be crowded around a monitor with beck and two weary technician . technician still concentrate on the audio . we manage to bring out a couple more word , but we have get a long way to go . woody show we whatever you have get . the technician nod , then gesture to he assistant who hit a play button . close on a monitor Black for a moment , then static . out of this static come a faint image of luke , sit alone at the hab kitchen table . he look awful -- dry blood on he face , bloodshot eye . the image be blurry , heavily streak , and most of what he say be lose in wave of static . luke ... make this quick ... may be only ch -- ( long section of static ) ...to the site , when we ... hit we just as we ... -- thers be all dead ... Woody , terri and phil look at each other -- oh , God . luke ( follow more static ) ... low sound that we could not understand . then all of a sudden there be this terrib ... ( another long burst of static ) ... -- stem be hold up for now , but I do not know how long I can ... the monitor screen goe black . int . mmcr . day technician that 's it . Woody and he crew stare at the screen , stunne . this be a catastrophe almost too huge to grasp . int . space station . day as beck lead mcconnell and the other shake astronaut down a corridor , phil pause , see ... a sobbing technician at she desk . two CO - worker be try to comfort she . one of this woman look up , and she reddene eye meet ... phil be eye he look back at she , haunt . terri what do luke mean by a " low sound ? " int . space station . day in a otherwise empty lounge , the astronaut clutch styrofoam coffee cup . beck stand nearby . through a large viewport behind they , star glitter against the inky blackness . beck if this be a earthquake , as we be now assume , there 's usually a auditory component . woody but that energy pulse they pick up in New Mexico ... phil electromagnetic emission . not uncommon with large - scale geophysical phenomenon . woody ( incredulous ) cause this kind of damage ? I do not buy it . we be miss something here . mcconnell and Woody exchange a glance ... Woody 's right . terri luke must be in pretty bad shape if he have not blast out of there in the Earth return vehicle . that thing 's design so even one crew member could fly it back to Earth . mcconnell even if luke be in great shape , he could not get home . that energy pulse would have fry the erv be computer . woody other than the computer , how do we think the erv fare ? beck well , so far we modell say it should be in pretty good shape . woody which mean it 's gonna be up to we to get new motherboard , drive , and software to Mars . as fast as we can . mcconnell look at he , nod . they be on the same wavelength . but beck be more cautious . beck whoa , slow down . it 's gonna take we week just to analyze this data . mcconnell right , but meanwhile , we have gotta be work up a mission plan . woody luke need we now . beck luke may already be dead . and even if he 's not , it 's doubtful he 's go to be able to transmit again . so we would not know whether it 's safe to land until you be almost there . phil what about sima ? terri look at phil -- sima ? phil the saturn imaging probe . it 's go to slingshot around Mars on its way through the solar system . it could be retask to take picture , read radiation level at Mars one base Camp . woody good idea phil . if sima tell we luke have not survive and it 's not safe to land , we swing around Mars and come right back home . mcconnell yes . we can design the mission to have a free return capability . it 's a long trip , but if you do not land it 's the best option . beck we be get ahead of ourselves . you be forget the bigger problem . ( they look at he ) the orbit be all wrong . we first decent launch window be almost eight month from now . mcconnell but we can go earlier and get there faster if we reconfigure the payload for extra fuel . we have modell that , Ray . I have modell it . beck on paper , yeah . but that stress have never be test in space . mcconnell the ship can take it . beck I be not think of just the ship . a tense beat . again we sense the test of will between this two tough - minded man , once good friend . mcconnell I know the protocol for a Mars recovery Mission better than anybody , because I help design they . and I be say this guy can do it . woody he 's right , Ray . we have get a real shot . a pause with beck weigh the odd . he look at Woody . beck give I a update mission plan by 0800 tomorrow . then I will put it in the work . mcconnell you will have it by 0600 . he look at Woody , phil and terri , who be just as eager . mcconnell let 's get to work . mcconnell exit follow by terri and phil , but as beck start out , too , Woody stop he . woody Chief , could I have a word ? beck look at he a moment , nod . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . space station . mmcr . day in a quiet corner , Woody and beck be alone . woody I have no longer get the right crew . beck ( surprised ) what do you mean ? bjornstrom can be up here on the next shuttle . woody bjornstrom be a geologist . he 's good , but not for this . my people just lose eight month of training . this be a different mission , with a different objective . beck I have not be give authorization for a mission yet . woody but when you be , it ought to be give the best chance for success . I want mcconnell to fly right seat . beck 's expression harden . beck he 's no longer on mission status . woody yeah . because you wash he out . beck he wash himself out . he only have to pass a few more psych evaluation , but he refuse to take they . woody Ray , he 's the best pilot I ever see , and you have get he bench at a desk . beck everybody have to pass the psych prelim . no exception . Jim know that . woody maggie be he wife . he do not want to lie on a couch and share she with stranger . beck that be he call . but I have to make one too . it be tough as hell , but I would do it again . woody his wife waste away in front of he eye . what be he suppose to do ? suck it up ? get with the program ? what be he crime ? that he be upset ? that he cry ...? beck I could not trust he ! beck and Woody stare at each other . a long tense beat . beck ( he voice softer ) not in a crisis ... I be sorry Woody , but Jim lose he edge . be you gonna stand there and tell I Jim mcconnell be the same man he be two year ago ? you want I to bet four more life on that ? this stop Woody , just for a beat . then make he press on harder , with even great intensity . woody when maggie die , yeah , it knock the shit out of he . it knock the hell out of all of we . but you know and I know that he 's still the best we have get . he and maggie write the book on Mars . he 's get more hour in the sim than the rest of we put together . Ray , we can do this . give I mcconnell as co-pilot , and we will bring luke home . and that 's a promise . beck look back at he , he feature taunt . int . space station . mmcr . day Woody , terri , and phil stand at the edge of the big control room , wait and watch , in a tense silence , as in the distance , from there Pov beck and mcconnell be huddle together at the capcom 's console . other personnel have move away , give they room . both man be seat , lean forward , with mcconnell listen intently , while beck do most of the talk , very quietly . after a moment mcconnell look up in surprise . his eye search the room till they find woody' face Woody look back at he , nod : c'mon , man . take it . mcconnell's own face be a study in conflict emotion . but after a moment he master he feeling , turn back toward beck . a few more quiet word be exchange , then beck offer he hand . mcconnell hesitates , then shake it . both man rise , and mcconnell turn again to look towards woody , terri , and phil who react with relief , glad that he 's now a part of they crew . Woody grin , give he a thumb 's up . close on mcconnell's face as he smile . then he start towards they , with a new energy in he step , a new sense of confidence and purpose . and as he walk toward US , passing out of frame ... omitted sequence omit from original script . dissolve to : ext . deep space . mar recovery . day a infinite canopy of star . after a moment , some of they begin to be blotted out as a spaceship glide into view . " mar recovery " ( formerly Mars two ) look much like its sister craft on Mars : a conical cockpit mount above a " tuna can " crew hab module . super title : " mar recovery . mission day 172 . " the entire lower deck form a segment section of the hull that rotate on bearing to provide artificial gravity ; we see window port spin past , then a american flag emblem . behind this lower deck , in a extend network of strut , like the abdomen of a dragonfly , be the three huge round propellant tank . then vast , delicate - look rectangular solar panel , which sweep out to either side of the ship ; this also bear the dish of the earth - point hi - gain antenna . and finally come the great mass of the engine bell , house within a curving aeroshell ; three hatches in the aeroshell can open to allow the main thruster to fire through for a mid-course burn . camera drift closer to the forward section of the ship , approaching a viewport in the eva airlock chamber . Inside , we can see phil lean forward , concentrate on some task ... omitted sequence omit from original script . int . eva airlock . day . a bunch of m&amp ; ms be float in mid-air , form a intricate 3d pattern . in the eva airlock , it 's zero G. phil , strapped into a chair by a galley counter , be just complete this weightless puzzle by place a final blue m&amp ; m . he look bored , sluggish . in the b.g. , terri be hunch over a microscope . mcconnell emerge from the core tunnel , behind they , come up from the lower hab , then push off from the ladder , float towards phil . he grin , admire phil 's obsessive handiwork . mcconnell what 's that ? phil that ... be the exact chemical composition of my ideal woman . mcconnell use to be . he pluck out a couple of the m&amp ; ms as he drift by . phil hey ! mcconnell grin , snack on the m&amp ; Ms. mcconnell now what be it ? phil look sadly at he float model . phil a frog . mcconnell and terri laugh as phil start scarfing down the rest of the m&amp ; Ms. swoop at they with both hand . terri I guess now we have we answer to the effect of long - term interplanetary travel on the human mind . the answer be phil . mcconnell ( smile ) I be gonna get a update on sima . it should be just about close enough to start capture some surface image . he 's drift to another short ladder , and now grab it , start up to the cockpit , atop the hab . int . cockpit . day as mcconnell appear in the cockpit , he see Woody by the forward instrumentation panel , look at a monitor . the cockpit be also zero G . mcconnell hey , skip . woody take a look . mcconnell pull himself forward . angle on monitor mar completely fill the screen . surface detail be clearly visible . something be move down there , a amorphous brown swirl . int . cockpit . day woody what do you make of that ? mcconnell Dust storm . Southern hemisphere , come from the east ... Big fella , too . woody headed for chryse planitia . mcconnell yup . could get a little hairy just about landing time ... mcconnell pull back from the screen , look at Woody . woody we will have to be ready to move fast . maybe even advance we eta . that thing can cover the whole planet , and last up to a year . a beat . they both hope he 's wrong . mcconnell when do sima do she fly - by ? woody tomorrow morning , about 0600 . that 's when we find out whether we come all this way for nothing . they exchange a glance . Woody 's right , but the think be too terrible to dwell on . mcconnell look back at Mars . mcconnell ( softly ) my money 's on luke . int . mar recovery . eva airlock . next morning close on a digital clock just turn over to read " 0545 . " terri pull she gaze away from this number . judge from she redrimm eye , it 's be a long , anxious night . restlessly , look to distract herself , she reach for a test tube of blood , strap it into a centrifuge , set it spin . nearby be she electron microscope . mcconnell ( lower hab ) lies on he cot in he own cubicle , with the door close . the lower hab have artificial gravity ( AG ) and mcconnell can move normally . hand behind he head , he stare at he bureau . photo of a woman rest there , in its leather travel frame . beautiful , smile , dark - haire : maggie mcconnell . her face glow with intelligence and energy . mcconnell shift he eye . the clock on he bulkhead read " 0546 . " phil ( lower hab ) stands in the communal bathroom , still in he pajamas , a towel around he shoulder , brush he tooth . he glance at another digital clock , which read " 0547 . " shake he head impatiently . he look back into the mirror , then be surprised to hear music lilt incongruously over the loudspeaker : elvis presley 's " Blue Moon . " omitted sequence omit from original script . int . eva airlock . day phil float in through the connect tunnel , then stop himself at a handhold . he grin , charme by the sight of woody and terri dancing like a weightless Fred and Ginger . Woody be surprisingly good at this . enthusiastic , unselfconscious . he sweep terri gallantly about the little cabin , push off from every handy surface , even guide she into some passable twirl and dip . she laugh , shaking she head . phil what bring this on ? woody Zero -g . my last chance to be graceful . once we be in Mars gravity , it 's back to shuffle my foot and grab she butt . terri I will take what I can get . she grin , kiss he ear , as phil turn , see mcconnell who have now arrive , be also watch the dance couple . a twinge of sadness cross he feature . but when he eye meet phil 's , he shake off the feel and manage a smile : be not they something ? over the music , they hear a chirp from the ship' computer , then a announcement . computer attention . incoming packet . they all look at each other . this be it ! Woody spin over to a console , shut off the music . mcconnell it 's sima . int . cockpit . day . minute later the crew be gather around a display screen . the light be dim , reflect up off they face . by they expression , we can tell the news be not good . close on the screen it 's a color , high -resolution satellite image of the Mars one base Camp . ghostly , dust -cover . no sign of life . woody look desert . phil it 's still stand , though . so be the erv . and look , there 's the greenhouse . mcconnell we know luke survive for at least a few hour . question be , be there any sign of recent activity ? they all scan the screen . phil spot something . phil there . he grab a stylus and touch the screen . they all look . close on the screen use where the stylus touch the screen as the focal point , the image enlarge . three longish dirt pile appear , some fifty meter from the hab . phil what the hell be that ? mcconnell get it first . mcconnell grave . they all realize he 's right . they sit back , stunne . but then phil have another think . phil hold on . there 's only three . that mean -- terri phil -- phil it mean luke must still be -- terri no . it just mean there be nobody leave to bury he . this quiet everyone for a long moment . woody check the radiation level . phil key in some command and data pop up onscreen . phil normal . woody go to the disaster site . phil use the stylus to bring more image into view . the frame move over the terrain in the direction of the face , first in swift blur , then slow . scatter rock debris come into view . the image arrive where the mountain be , and they see ... debris in every direction , neat spiral of it now , drop uncannily into place , like some massive earth sculpture . as if - but this make no sense -- it have be swirl towards a large crater . the crater itself be a perfect circle . they focus on the CENTER of the crater , but the image get distort by static . mcconnell what 's wrong ? phil I do not know . magnetic interference ? phil tweak the stylus , but the image will not clear up . woody go to infrared . phil work the keyboard . the screen go to infrare , read heat , the middle of the image , where the face be , be still distort , refuse focus . the astronaut sit back , exasperate . phil must be a problem with sima . I do not see how a earthquake , six month ago , could give we this kind of distortion . mcconnell that be no quake . he lean closer , stare intently . woody then what the hell be it ? mcconnell shake he head . but he every sense be engage ; he 's like a predator just sighting he prey for the first time . we see in he eye a utter determination to unlock this secret . ext . space . day Mars recovery be speed ever closer to Mars , which now loom large , a dusty red mysterious sphere . int . mar recovery . lower hab . day mcconnell and crew be eat dinner while they watch a tape message from mmcr . close on monitor screen as Ray beck address they . other NASA staffer , twenty or more , have crowded in behind he , and we sense they great hopefulness and high spirit ; the whole team 's triumph be tantalizingly close now . beck we be go to continue analyze this data and try to determine what the problem be with that image . frankly , we be just as stump as you guy , but we will keep on it . ( glance around ) we agree that the evidence of the grave be inconclusive and that a ground search be advisable . be aware there be little sand storm kick up near Mars one base , but the big one you spot be turn south . it should not be a factor . beck take a breath , smile . beck we be all pretty excited here and we be sure you must be feel the same . enjoy you meal and get a good night 's sleep . we anticipate that tomorrow morning you will be go for Mars orbital insertion . int . mar recovery . lower hab . day whoops of joy from mcconnell 's crew . Woody and terri high five each other . beck God bless you and goodnight . end of transmission . the monitor screen goe black . int . mar recovery . lower hab . night the lighting be subdued for a sleep period , but everyone 's too restless . there 's a low hum of equipment . int . eva airlock . night terri and phil be play computer Monopoly under a single light . terri be use touch - screen technology to move she piece . she glance at phil . he have spread some m&amp ; ms out , let they drift in mid-air as he perform he ritual weed out of the red one . she shake she head . terri what if you open up you meal pack and find that , instead of put in everything but red one , they would make a mistake and put in only red one ? phil hey , that 's a funny notion . and what if in you meal pack , instead of brown rice , there be spring - load spike that shot into you eye ? terri ( pause ) how do you ever pass the psych evaluation ? phil when you be schizophrenic , they take the higher score . he touch the screen to roll the dice . int . mar recovery . lower hab . night mcconnell , in he cubicle , look away from the photo of maggie . haunted by memory . he rise , flip through the CD in a storage case , pull one out . he hold this carefully , hesitate , then feed it into he computer . immediately he screen saver vanish and we see home video of a party a impromptu celebration , a bunch of friend gather in a semi-darkened live room . the footage be handheld , a bit jerky . people have paper plate of food , beer in hand , everyone be a little tipsy . debra be there , terri , phil , cote , kirov , other . they be watch a still photo sequence , show on a large screen tv , with commentary by luke and Woody . the first photo be of a small boy ( young mcconnell ) in he pajamas , kneel in front of a Christmas tree . he 's grin ecstatically as he hold up a brand new model rocket . luke Jim 's first ship be seriously underpower ... laughter at this . some ad lib crack about the painfully bad haircut and the pajamas . the second photo be of a gawky - look teenage girl ( young maggie ) , stand on a porch at night , pose a bit self - consciously by a telescope on its tripod . woody maggie be always starstruck ... more laughter , plus some dig about the nerdy eyeglass and brace . videocamera swing around the room , revealing the adult jim and maggie . they sit side by side on the hearth , lean into each other , look very happy . maggie I will get you guy for this . more laughter . everyone 's have a great time . the videocamera swing back towards the tv screen as third photo appear Jim and maggie , young adult , stand on the wing of a fighter jet . both in Air Force flight suit , helmet in hand . suntan , cocky , flash radiant smile . luke when they meet at the Air Force Academy , it be " love at first flight . " groans and laughter from the offscreen watcher . woody after that , NASA training be tough . all Jim could think about be explore a heavenly body . more ribald laughter , as FOURTH photo appear maggie and Jim , tethere together , float weightlessly in space suit . luke but maggie , as you can see , keep he on a short leash . until ... a fifth photo show mcconnell , in a dress uniform , lean in to kiss maggie , who wear a white bridal gown . woody Mission accomplish ! angle on mcconnell , in the present as he smile at this , hearing the renew laughter and cheer , the ad- libbed dig from the video . he become aware he 's not alone . he look up . woody stands in the doorway of he cubicle . they eye meet . they both smile , turn back to the video . remember . in the video luke and Woody have step forward , into shot , stand at the side of the tv , where the last photo linger . luke wave he hand , hush everybody . luke today we celebrate a new chapter in they story . and guy , it 's a pretty historic one . both man raise champagne flute . woody let 's hear it for the newly - announce Captain and co-captain of Mars one . to Jim and maggie ! cheer at this , repeat of " Jim and maggie ! " luke grin , give a little signal , and we see a final photo of maggie in Jim 's arm , both of they in goofy tropical vacation wear , smile . evidently a photo take in the surf somewhere , but here it 's be crudely superimpose onto a martian landscape . laughter greet this unlikely image . luke when you guy land , it will prove once and for all there 's no intelligent life on Mars . more hoot of laughter , catcall , but maggie jump in to protest , as the videocamera swing to her and jim . terri sit nearby . maggie hey , c'mon , what if I be right ? assorted voice oh no , here we go ! do not get she start ! somebody put on some music ! maggie it 's we sister planet ! phil oh brother ! laughter at this , and maggie join in . she 's a good sport . terri maggie , why do this have to be about we ? Mars be a great opportunity for pure science . maggie we will do the science . and we will do it very well . that 's what we have train for . but what if there 's more ...? in all we myth , in every human culture , Mars have always hold a special attraction . what if that mean something ? only we do not understand it yet ... the mood of the party be change , as everyone be catch up in maggie 's spell . she have a radiant simplicity . the video camera drift in on her ; we be catch up , too . maggie the universe be not chaos . it 's connection . life reach out for life ... she look at mcconnell , smile . he take she hand . maggie this be what we be bear for , be not it ? to stand on a new world , and look beyond it to the next one . it 's who we be . a silence ; the guest be enchant by the purity of she passion . she smile , suddenly self - conscious . she have not mean to get so carry away . in the present - mcconnell reaches out , gently tap the keyboard , freezing the screen . he and Woody , they eye shine , stare at she image . a beat . woody you okay ? mcconnell yeah . I be good to go . Woody glance at he . it 's true . Rather than be sadden , mcconnell seem to have take on new strength . a renew sense of wonder . mcconnell after all this year ... can you believe it ? tomorrow we will be stand on Mars . Woody nod , smile . woody you know what ? she may have be right . mcconnell look at he . woody if that be not a quake down there , then something else cause it . or plan it ... you be think the same thing . mcconnell it 's never be out of my mind . woody Jesus . you realize what this mean ? mcconnell nod . look again at maggie 's face on the screen . mcconnell she know , Woody . she be the only one of we that ever think there might be something down there . woody yeah , and we be not leave until we find out ... deal ? mcconnell nod . they clasp hand briefly . deal . then Woody turn . before leave , he hesitates just a moment , turn back . one last think , and he do not know he 's go to say it until it come out . woody maggie be the best of we . mcconnell look at he , silent but grateful . Woody go . mcconnell turn back , look at she smile face , freeze on the screen . int . cockpit . night mar loom ahead of US . as see through the cockpit window . huge , beautiful , much closer now . we can make out swirl pink cloud , large surface feature . it 's just before martian dawn , the next morning . mcconnell Range 6783 and close . 35 minute till Mars orbital capture . woody okay , people let 's look sharp . if we overshoot , there 's no come back . phil ( o.s. ) yeah , and drift through eternity will ruin you whole day . in the cockpit , Woody and mcconnell be in the pilot and co - pilot 's wear space suit but not yet helmet . as camera pull back and away , we see they make instrument adjustment in preparation for moi . terri ( o.s. ) Delta V system initialized . woody charge primary apu . terri ( o.s. ) engage . charge . woody Select hpu fuel cell for run . terri ( o.s. ) engage . mcconnell tie main bus to system . phil ( o.s. ) power ready . mcconnell Select h2/o2 hpu and fuel cell for open . phil ( o.s. ) h2 / o2 control valve open . camera turn , pushing down into ... int . eva airlock . night ... where phil and terri sit side by side at a pair of computer , relaying cockpit command to the system . woody ( o.s. ) charge flow . terri charge and on-line woody ( o.s. ) reset pw . terri set mcconnell transfer protocol data from eva station . phil transferred . await track confirmation . there 's a sudden loud , brittle pop from somewhere overhead , and phil 's glove hand , hover over a computer screen , be puncture through and through . the screen itself be hole and spiderwebbed with a loud crack ! phil uhhh ! phil hold up he hand as he and terri stare at it , dumbfounded . thick droplet of blood leak out and begin to swirl away , suck up towards the venting puncture in the hull over head . the astronaut ' helmet dangle up there , await use . terri what in God 's -- suddenly we hear high pitched alarm sounding , then the pinging of more tiny missile , slashing across the ship 's outer skin . woody and mcconnell be stare back from the cockpit , reacting in astonishment to phil 's drift blood and to the alarm . then Woody suddenly understand . woody micrometeoroids mcconnell ( scan sensor ) breach hit in the hull ! angle on terri and phil as she seize he wounded hand , try to stop the bleed . he 's stare at a gauge . phil outgass ! lose pressure ! terri Woody , seal the breech ! angle on woody as he unbuckle , dive from the cockpit back down into the eva , and float quickly over to a storage hatch . he yank this open pull out a patch gun then spin around in zero - G , as he eye track the rising droplet of blood which give a telltale hint of the puncture 's location , somewhere up among the dangle helmet on the " ceiling . " woody push off rising to this area , and shove aside a helmet with a shattered faceplate -- its label read " mcconnell " -- to reveal a breech in the hull . jag metal edge , dangle insulation . the blood droplet be whirling out through here , go into the vacuum of space . quickly Woody stuff the muzzle of the patch gun into the puncture , fire a thick grey sealant . we hear more ping , echoing loudly , but after a few second they diminish , then abruptly stop . the klaxon continue to wail . woody kill that alarm ! mcconnell punch button , muting the alarm , and they all strain to listen , face tense and sweat . a long beat . but the meteor shower have pass by , as abruptly as it appear . the astronaut turn , become aware of a strange phenomenon . phil' blood droplet have stop in place , wobble eerily as perfect sphere in the zero - G . then suddenly they start move again , faster and faster , in a new direction . down through the open core tunnel that lead to the lower hab . mcconnell stare at a gauge that confirm what 's happen . mcconnell still outgass in the lower hab ! there must be another hole down there , even bigger . phil lose pressure fast ! we be gonna decompress ! woody Computer , how long until zero atmosphere ? computer ( after a beat ) four minute , nine second . phil if we get below 20 % atmosphere , the power will shut down ! terri be you sure ? phil positive ! a vacuum inside the ship would cause a total electrical failure . the nav computer will fry ! mcconnell ( to Woody ) we will lose all control . we will not be able to fire the engine to capture Mars orbit . just then a computer screen flicker , freeze . phil punch key with he good hand . what he see shock he . phil it 's already start . the primary L - 1 hub have be smashed . the system be crash . Woody look back at he crew , struggle to project more calm than he really feel . woody everybody switch to suit oxygen . we beat this in the simulator , we can do it here . Jim , you have get the ship . I be go eva . they stare at he , stunne by they immense task . woody c'mon , people , let 's go ! let 's work the problem ! int . eva airlock . moment later terri , now helmete , be put Woody 's helmet on he , but something 's in the way , chafing he neck . he reach into he suit , pull out ... the chain from around he neck , with he little flash Gordon rocketship dangle . woody hand this to terri as they share a brief , loving glance , but there 's no time for word . she tighten he helmet ring , and he brushes he glove fingertip on she faceplate . then he hurry towards the inner hatch door , where mcconnell be throw airlock switch . Woody and mcconnell exchange a look . at the eva computer panel , phil be shutting down non-essential power drain , try to get the main computer system back on line . his wounded hand make this difficult and painful . phil Jesus , it 's still bleed . terri keep the pressure on ! computer eighty percent atmosphere ... int . / ext . airlock . night the outer airlock door be now open , revealing star , as Woody drift through it into space . he 's now wear the mmu , a oversize jet pack like the one use by the shuttle astronaut . int . eva room . night mcconnell's helmet . with its shattered faceplate -- now useless -- drift past terri as she be wrapping mo tape around gauze pad on phil 's glove . mcconnell float up to they , check on phil 's work at the computer . terri Jim , you have gotta get you spare helmet from storage . mcconnell no time . phil , can you keep the nav computer on - line ? phil I can not get this damn machine to be - initialize ! and the automated system just go down . we can not shut down the hab rotation from here . mcconnell I will do it from below . terri we be lose pressure . you could embolize . computer seventy percent atmosphere ... mcconnell look at she , know she 's right . but he start off anyway . phil reach out he good hand . phil Jim , I have get a idea . if you guy can save enough atmosphere , I will disconnect the power in the main computer bay , then jump start the system . I will do a hard boot . this be a radical , incredibly risky notion . mcconnell stare hard at phil . so do terri . mcconnell have that ever be test ? phil be you kid ? this machine be much too valuable . mcconnell look from terri to phil . it 's life and death . mcconnell do it . then he turn , and the camera follows mcconnell as he push away from the console and dive down into the core tunnel , head towards the omitted sequence omit from original script . int . lower hab ... where he emerge from the core into the rotate hab deck , and push himself down a ladder toward the floor . he accelerate as he get closer to the floor , then rights himself with a twist and land on he foot -- now in gravity . ext . mar recovery . night Woody , in the mmu , be hover over the lower segment of the hab hull , and right away we see he problem . he can not reach the damage spot because it 's spin past he , spew vapor . woody ( over radio ) Jim , how we doin ' on the AG ? int . lower hab . night mcconnell run to a computer terminal and start click with the mouse . mcconnell just one goddamn second . come on , c'mon ... computer Voice print identification . mcconnell mcconnell ! computer ( a beat ) accept . shut down artificial gravitational rotation . mcconnell hear a sound up at the core tunnel . he turn , it 's terri . she hold a small 0 - 2 cannister , mark with a red cross . mcconnell hang on ! mcconnell grab onto a counter edge as ... ext . space . night attitude control thruster on the hull begin fire in pulse . the rotation of the lower hab deck immediately start to slow down . the great red ball of Mars drift by . int . core tunnel . night terri , lurching , grab a ladder strut , and watch from the tunnel as ... mcconnell be also jarre by the fire of the thruster . the rotation slow until the hab be still . Zero - G. mcconnell float . he and terri can hear the terrifying sound of air whistling out into space through the breach hole . computer sixty per cent atmosphere ... woody ( v.o. ) get some light on the hole so I can locate it . mcconnell I have get a better idea . ( shout to terri ) stay there ! he start root through phil 's storage area -- bag of m&amp ; ms , comic book -- look for what he need . int . cockpit . night phil be now strapped into the pilot 's seat . he 's scared , sweat hard , but concentrate fiercely as he one good hand work a battery - power screwdriver . he 's remove the panel of the main computer bay . over the intercom , he can hear the merciless struggle go on elsewhere . woody ( v.o. ) I be topside , Jim , do you know which sector ? mcconnell ( v.o. ) I be workin ' on it ! ext . space . night the lower hab deck be no longer revolve . Woody pop he thruster and drift over the metallic skin . but there 's such a vast area to search ! woody Jesus , uh , ok , this be gonna be like search for a needle in a haystack . int . lower hab night mcconnell locate a can of Dr. pepper , shake this violently , then toss it up to terri , who 's still in the tunnel mouth . she catch the drift can , confuse . when mcconnell speak again , he 's gasp for air . mcconnell shake out the liquid . terri Jim , I do not -- mcconnell shake it out near the hull ! terri shake out soda from the open can . she and mcconnell watch the brown stream of fluid swirl up into the air , catch by escape oxygen . it rise towards the " ceiling " of the outer hull , like a miniature tornado . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . space . night Woody still drift over the hull , search intently as he frustration build . woody c'mon , c'mon , where be you ...? computer ( v.o. ) fifty per cent atmosphere ... int . lower hab . night terri , stare at the ceiling , see something remarkable . the soda stream swirl ever tighter , have form a whirlpool that 's now be suck out through the breach hole in the hull . she can now see the ugly puncture for the first time . mcconnell ( gasp ) Woody , the breech be in sector four ! sector four , copy that ? woody ( v.o. ) copy , I ' head there now . terri turn , excited by mcconnell 's triumph ; she 's just in time to see he collapse to the floor below she , as he start to lose consciousness . he 's deathly pale . ext . space . night Woody spot a tiny geyser of brownish ice crystal spout out of the hull of the lower hab . it 's some distance away from he , but clearly visible . woody ( to himself , marvel ) sonofabitch . you never do that in the simulator . int . lower hab . night terri push off from the ladder , drift weightlessly down to mcconnell . she open the valve of the oxygen cannister , push the plastic mask over mcconnell 's face . he suck in air , color return to he skin as he revive . int . cockpit . night close on the computer' gut . a incredible tangle of tube , wire , chip , as phil 's glove finger -- both hand now -- probe desperately through they . phil where be you , you little bastard , where be you ...? phil wince with pain . as he move he hand and forearm deep inside the computer bay . around he , several of the smaller screen and gauge be start to malfunction , the data stream break apart , streaking into electronic snow . he shoot a tense glance at the navigational monitor which be flicker crazily . it show the ship move much closer to its critical moi point , indicate by a flash red triangle aim down at the martian surface . computer forty percent atmosphere ... ext . space . night Woody , pop he thruster , move as fast as he can towards the protrude finger of crystal , but he 's not there yet . all of a sudden Woody 's thruster cut out . the ship be move by , a meter beneath he . Woody punch he arm control . nothing . then just as the outer edge of the hab start to pass he , the thruster kick back in . Woody grab the edge , start to move to the hole . Woody let out a breath . woody ( to himself ) whoa . int . lower hab . night mcconnell , hold he breath , grab a patch gun from a storage locker . terri 's still get the 0 - 2 cannister . he nod to she , and together they push off from the floor , leaping weightlessly up to the other side of the hab , the " ceiling . " they reach the gape puncture , which they now see have be only partially damme by the soda ice . int . cockpit . night very close on the computer' interior as phil 's glove finger finally locate the plug he 's be search for . he hope . and grip it firmly . phil gotcha ! phil take a deep breath . say a silent prayer . then he yank the plug . shrill whine , electronic crackle from all around he , as the system be abruptly shut down , in a way they be never mean to be mishandle . terrifyingly , a couple of the monitor arc to each other as they die . dodging spark , phil stare at the navigational monitor as it also flicker and die . now they be fly blind . computer thirty percent atmosphere ... ext . space . night Woody arrive at the ice finger , knock away the big crystal , then pull he patch equipment from a pouch . int . lower hab . night in the hab , terri use the base of the 0 - 2 cannister to smash away the interior ice chunk , then mcconnell , who 's get wobbly again , blast the hole with the epoxy gun . as he work , terri give he another hit of air . computer twenty percent atmosphere ... the light flicker out in the hab . ext . space . night outside , Woody slap a big square patch over the hole , rip off the back . close on the patch as it change color and shrink , draw itself down into the metal of the hull . int . cockpit . night very close on the computer' interior . as phil 's finger re-connect the same plug . phil pull he hand out from inside the computer bay . he 's tremble , sweat - streak inside he faceplate . blood have soak through he gauze pad . his good hand hover over the red main power switch . the moment of truth . phil ok ... ok now ... with a dramatic click , he throw the switch , hard - boot the computer system back on . he stare at the screen . nothing happen ! phil come on . come on ...! frightened , furious , phil bang on the switch with he cordless screwdriver . when all else fail , hit something . int . lower hab . night feeble starlight from the viewport . mcconnell and terri , drift side by side , stare at one another , expect to die within second . it feel like a agonizing eternity . computer twenty percent atmosphere ... mcconnell 's eye widen , as he realize this be the same as the last read . computer pressure stabilize ... atmosphere level increase . terri and mcconnell look at each other . tear of relief in she eye . he be exhaust , nearly spend , but manage a grin . she hold the 0 - 2 mask up to he face , and as he grip it , breathe deeply , they hug one another . int . cockpit . night the light and computer screen be flicker back on . all of they ! the cockpit light up like a Christmas tree . phil bounce up and down like a madman , babbling in triumph . phil yes ! awriiiight ! have it all the way . yes ! forgetting he injury , he pound he glove fist on the console in triumph . phil shit ! he wring he injure hand , then he gaze be catch by the navigational monitor which pop back on , show the ship and the moi point come perilously close together . phil be eye widen in fear as he key he mike urgently . phil get back in here , guy ! ext . space . night Woody float above the repair hole , scan the nearby surface of the hull . woody Jim , there 's a lot of scarring ... I would better check for other puncture while I be out here . mcconnell ( v.o. ) negative , negative . Woody , get back inside . we have gotta start the checklist for orbital insertion . woody ( a beat ; reluctantly ) copy , I be head there now . Woody jet back towards the open eva hatch . but as he reach this , about to re-enter the ship , he 's capture momentarily by a breathtakingly beautiful sight below he . sunrise over mar as the huge planet be revealed in all its red , unearthly glory . it 's so close now that individual feature can be see with the naked eye -- the vast chasm of valle marineris , and then Olympus mon , poke all the way up through the martian atmosphere . a stun , allure spectacle . woody stare down at Mars , enthralled , as sunlight flood the side of the spaceship , sparkles off he visor . Dawn , after a very long night indeed . he whisper lovingly , under he breath . woody hey , beautiful ... then he stir himself out of he reverie and hurry through the eva hatch . camera drift quickly back and down along the hull as stark sunlight flare off the big propellant tank , three in a row , and the thick silver tube that join they . there 's a good deal of scarring and dent from the meteor shower . then , as the ship begin to move out of frame ... we move in closer on one of this tube , a feeder line to the engine bell , we see a scatter of tiny , undetected hole , about the size of the eraser at the end of a pencil . so small , so apparently harmless ... omitted sequence omit from original script . int . eva airlock . day as Woody enter , stripped from the mmu , drip with sweat , mcconnell be wait for he . for a moment the two man just look at each other , then they surge forward into a fierce hug . woody ( whisper ) know what ? you have get enough leave . mcconnell look at he , understand . terri sit nearby , where she have just finish stitching up phil 's hand . as Woody go to she , she rise from she seat and look at he tear of relief and pride in she eye . terri piece of cake ? woody well . easier than the cha-cha . he scoops she into he arm ; they kiss passionately . phil be blink ; something seem to be get into he own eye . his voice catch for a moment . phil I do not know what you be get so cocky about . we score better time in the sim at least twice . mcconnell ( grin ) how 's he hand ? terri separate from Woody , look down at phil . terri seem ok . couple of the tendon be go to be a little tight for awhile . try to close you finger , phil , nice and slowly . phil start curling up he finger . the middle digit remain extend in the universal gesture . they all consider this for a moment . then phil look up cheerfully . phil well , at least I will still be able to drive . after a split-second they get it , and the whole crew roar with laughter , which build and build ; they be almost giddy with the relief of the tension ... ext . deep space . day mar recovery sail into view , with small attitude thruster fire as the great ship maneuver into position for its orbital - capture burn . Mars look very large , blood-re . the entire spectacle be majestic , awe -inspire . woody ok , we be ready to light this candle . go / no go for brake burn and moi . engine ? int . cockpit . day all four astronaut be strapped in , fully suite and helmete . Mars loom through the cockpit window . the atmosphere be electric with excitement . mcconnell go. woody system . terri go. woody nav. phil go. woody we be go for the burn . I be fueling the engine . he flip three switch , in rapid sequence , and ... ext . mar recovery . day as we move in on the damage fuel line , we see a tiny but steady spray of fuel venting from the hole cause by the meterorite . this freeze into eerie streamer and chunks , which slowly drift away from the ship . they be quite beautiful . phil ( v.o. ) optimum angle of entry minus seven degree . six ... five ... int . cockpit . day Woody look at the other for moment -- everyone be set , look good -- then reach for a last switch . phil four ... Three ... Woody hesitates , then glance at mcconnell . woody Jim ? mcconnell , move by this honor , nod . he reach out to throw the switch himself . mcconnell let 's go to Mars . as the countdown indicator reach " 0000.00.00 " , a final signal ping , and he flip the switch . ext . mar recovery . day in total silence , the engine ignite . the second they do , the streamer of freeze fuel explode in a white flash . int . cockpit . day with alarm sounding , the four astronaut be slam violently forward , against they restraint . woody what the -- mcconnell shut down engine ! he and Woody both reach out , strain against the incredible G-forces , and manage to grab a red emergency lever , yanking it down hard . ext . mar recovery . day too late ! in slow motion , we see a terrifyingly violent chain reaction . the fuel tank themselves explode , one after another . the support metal strut be vaporize . the solar panel be snap off . two of the huge engine bell be smashed sideways , out of alignment , while the third , trail piece of the cowling , go hurtle off , past camera , like a flame cannon ball . the entire aft section of the ship , include much of the lower hab , instantly become a shred , char tangle of metal , and even worse , the explosion cause what 's leave of the ship -- mainly the eva chamber and cockpit -- to tumble end over end , cartwheel down towards Mars . int . cockpit . day in the window , Mars go crazily in and out of view . the astronaut , flung this way , then that , be all fight against unconsciousness . woody engine negative ! no response ! I have get no attitude control ! mcconnell manual separation ! blow the bolt ! woody negative ! the cm do not have enough thrust to correct this rotation ! phil we be too steep ! falling into the atmosphere ...! ext . mar recovery . day from further away , the char remainder of the ship can be see spin down towards Mars , which now fill the screen , loom as large as Earth , when see from the space shuttle . the ship 's motion be mercifully slow as it hit the outer atmosphere , but just as clearly this steep , unplan angle of entry doom it . phil Christ , at this angle we will burn up ! int . cockpit . day on a computer . they angle of entry be show -- much too direct -- with a indicate swerve into blink red disaster . warning flash : critical entry ! pull out ! woody how much time have we get ? phil I do not know ! Three minute ? I do not know ! mcconnell 's mind be racing furiously , desperately . mcconnell where 's the remo ? phil the resupply module ? why ? that 's not -- mcconnell where be it ?! phil punch button . on the screen a second ellipse appear : a blink orange dot label " remo . " it appear to be soon intersect with they own trajectory . phil uh , it 's close ... mcconnell damn it , how close ?! phil ( shake ) I - I do not know . it will take time ... mcconnell we do not have time ! figure it out ! now ! phil frantically type in command on the computer . woody Jim , we be dead stick , there 's no way to maneuver this ship into a link -up ! mcconnell not the ship . just we . we have to go eva . they look at he , stunne . leave the ship ? phil you want we to transfer in suit ? terri Jesus , Jim -- if we do not make it -- if we miss the remo ... mcconnell there 's no other choice ! phil , how close ?! phil one kilometer , that 's the best I can do ! they stare at Woody . we feel the full , terrible weight of he responsibility . four life hang on he call . woody prepare to abandon ship . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . space . day the astronaut be outside the ship , tethere to each other with long shock cord . other cord , clipped to they suit , trail gear bag . phil clutches a silver metallic case -- he precious computer repair kit . Woody be in the mmu . they be all rotate at the same speed as the ship behind they . woody on my mark , seven percent leave thruster . Three , two , one , fire . all four astronaut fire a brief , simultaneous burst from the tiny attitude control thruster in they suit . this stop they rotation , bring they travel under control . the ship continue spin in the background . Woody take a final look at the char , doom Mars recovery . the only home they have know for six month . he exchange a silent glance with the other . they all expect to be dead in the next few minute . Woody take a breath , nod . woody okay . let 's go . he pop the big thruster on the mmu and start head away from the ship . the cord between Woody and the other pull taut and they start to follow . wide shot of Woody lead they away from the crippled spaceship , against the magnificent backdrop of the blood -re planet below . four tiny figure , all alone in space . angle on mcconnell and the other as phil look back , he eye search the star . terri what be you look for ? phil ( softly , sadly ) Earth . terri ( beat ) hey . when we get back ? we really will have to try this in the sim . he try to smile . so do she . mcconnell how we doin ' on fuel , Woody ? Woody eye a small display screen on he forearm . woody I be at fifty percent . ( look down ) but I do not see the remo . there Pov everyone be look back at the curve of Mars against black space , expect to see the remo come up behind they . terri happens to glance directly below . terri there she be ! there Pov the black outline of the little cargo craft drift against the red of Mars . woody Jesus . she 's not where I think she would be . phil we be go to miss she . woody look again at he display screen , frustrated . mcconnell what do you think ? woody we can not catch it . not like this . mcconnell ( think quickly ) use the tether . from a compartment on the side of the mmu , Woody pull out ... the tether gun about the size of a large flare gun . there 's a carabiner - like hook five inch in diameter on the front of the gun . mcconnell we will only have one , maybe two shot before she 's out of reach . woody it will be better if I leave you the gun while I run out to the remo . I have get enough fuel leave for that . mcconnell you will be go too fast . woody I will aim to overshoot , then brake like hell ; arc it in . mcconnell look at he . they both know how risky this be , and they also know it 's they only chance . Woody flip a switch on the gun and pull on the hook . off it come , trail wire . Woody clip the hook to the mmu , then hand mcconnell the gun . woody seeya in a few . mcconnell nod . Woody and terri exchange a look -- tender , loving -- then Woody turn around and fire the mmu jet at full throttle . as Woody pull away , line unspool from the tether gun . woody and the remo Woody be chase the remo from above . it 's as if he be in a airplane , try to land on a car racing along a freeway . Woody be pick up speed quickly . maybe too quickly . he check he armpad display screen . woody okay . I be on path to overshoot . I be gonna take the edge off . Woody start brake with the mmu thruster as hard as he can . close on the thruster glow with orange flame . they suddenly cut off . woody' eye show alarm . he check he display . woody I be out . come in hot . still long . ( beat ) abandon the unit . I will brake with suit jet . Woody hit some button and the mmu 's latch snap open . he grab the hook connect to the tether line , then push himself free of the mmu , start fire he small suit jet . woody' Pov he 's still go very quickly . with mcconnell , terri and phil float close together . the tether line be still unspool from the gun . they watch Woody , below and ahead of they , as he race towards the remo . terri 's heart be in she throat . terri oh jesus. Jesus ... mcconnell reach a glove out , touch she arm . back on woody still speed towards the remo . his suit jet cut out . woody suit jet go . but I be gonna make contact ... mcconnell , terri and phil stare at Woody 's distant figure . intercut -- mcconnell at what velocity ? woody Impact 's gonna be a little rough . mcconnell at what velocity ? woody ( beat ) thirty -two . a look between mcconnell and terri ; she face be stricken . mcconnell I be gonna use the gun to slow you . woody no ! you slow I and I will fall short . mcconnell it 's too fast , Woody . woody no choice . I will be okay . here we go ... woody and the remo Woody 's come down on the module at over thirty kilometer a hour . he hold the hook out in front of he with one hand while grab the tether line with the other , and wham ! -- he crash into the remo . woody' hand slam the hook against a receiver on the hull of the remo . it connect -- woody tries to hold onto the tether line but he momentum be too much . he glove hand be rip from the line . woody slide over the hull of the remo . he hand grasp in vain for something to grab onto . they drag and bump and then finally he finger close on ... empty space . woody be past the remo , freefalling toward Mars . back on mcconnell , terri and phil as terri scream . terri Woody !! mcconnell hit a button on the tether gun and start to reel they quickly in towards the remo . woody tries he suit jet again -- they be empty . he Pov falling away from the remo . mcconnell and the other be be reele towards the remo by the tether line . another couple hundred meter to go . mcconnell Woody , what 's you status ? intercutting -- woody ( after a beat ) uh , well , no suit jet and I be still carry a good deal of velocity . mcconnell as soon as we get hook up , I will come get you . woody ( after a beat ) uh , I would have to say negative on that , Jim . mcconnell negative on the transmission ? woody no , I hear you . negative on the maneuver . I be not retrievable . mcconnell and terri share a quick , anguish look . terri Woody , that 's not possible . you be not go that fast . woody it come down to the amount of fuel , honey . the suit jet be design for attitude control , not travel . retrieval just will not work . phil it have to work ! woody hey , believe I , I do not like it any more than you do . terri Woody -- woody run the number , Jim . mcconnell I be . mcconnell finish look over the number on he display pad . terri be stare at he . when mcconnell 's eye meet hers , they be red-rimme . haunted . mcconnell Woody , you hang tight . we will get into the remo , fire she up , drop she into a lower orbit and come scoop you up . woody sound good , Jim . terri it 's gonna take half a hour to get the remo reorient ! Woody will be ... he will be in the atmosphere by then ! mcconnell then we will have to get she move faster . terri we do not have time ! woody you listen to Jim , honey . it 's a good plan . terri no ! we be go to -- phil oh Jesus , look ! the ship ! phil point . mcconnell and terri look . the mar recovery cockpit be now several kilometer below and behind they . it 's glow red ... then orange ... then white . then it erupt into a giant fireball , devoure by friction with Mars ' atmosphere . mcconnell , terri and phil in deep space be all stare at this , awed , when mcconnell happen to look up again . he see something alarming . mcconnell look out ! there Pov they be drift quickly into the remo . mcconnell brake ! all three Fire they suit jet , slow themselves down . they bang into the remo at about one - tenth the speed Woody do . they find handhold and grab on . mcconnell hit a button on the tether gun . the hook releases from the remo 's hull . mcconnell hit another button and it be reele all the way into the gun . phil be already scrabbling at a latch on the remo 's outer airlock door . mcconnell okay , let 's get inside ! phil , start dump the cargo , or there will not be room for we . phil but we need that supplies for -- mcconnell dump the cargo . hang on , Woody ! woody be look back at the remo . smile with relief to see that terri have reach it safely . woody will do , Jim . he turn to look at ... mar right below he , fill he field of view . a long beat . woody ( softly ) hey , beautiful ... back at the remo terri make a snap decision . she grab the tether gun from mcconnell 's surprised hand , then push off from the remo . mcconnell lunge after she , he glove hand strain . mcconnell terri , no ! but it 's too late . she 's already out of reach , and now fire she suit jet , pull quickly away from the remo . mcconnell be reach to activate he own jet , when phil be hand grab at he wrist , restrain this suicidal courage . they stare at each other . mcconnell wrench he hand free , half - madden , agonize , stare after terri . mcconnell goddammit , terri , it will not work ! but terri keep on go . woody look back at the remo , as he continue to fall towards Mars . see the small figure of he wife head towards he . woody terri , what be you do ? intercut -- terri I will tell you what I be not do , Woody . I be not go to watch you die . woody terri -- terri you would do the same for I . at the remo phil be watch as terri drop towards the distant twinkle of Woody 's suit light . the airlock door hang open . phil look at mcconnell , anguish . mcconnell get inside . dump the cargo , then start the system . ( phil hesitates ) now . intercutting between woody and terri as Woody key he mike . tries to steady he voice . woody no . I would not come for you . not if it just be not possible . terri I can do it ! woody no , terri , you can not ! you do not have enough fuel to get I , stop we both , and get we back . Hell , you come any farther and you will not have enough to get back yourself . no response from terri . woody listen to I , goddammit ! you have to stop ! you have to stop now ! mcconnell he 's right , terri ... it 's no use . terri look at she armpad display . close on display screen as she fuel indicator drop from 50 percent to 49 to ... terri releases she thumb from the toggle control . her suit jets stop fire . terri drift , stare towards Woody . terri and woody be on the same trajectory , go the same speed , and only about a hundred meter apart . but it might as well be infinity . woody okay , honey ...? you gotta go back now . terri the hell I do . terri raise up the tether gun and pull the trigger . the hook come shoot out of the gun , wire spool out behind it . woody watch as it come shoot down toward he . plate Pov -- moving -- as Woody get larger and larger , the hook get closer and closer , and then SNAP ! -- the hook stop . angle on the tether gun the wire have run all the way out . woody look at the drift hook , ten agonizing meter away from he . his only life preserver . terri Hit the button and the wire start winch fast back into the gun . woody what be you do ? terri I be gonna jet a little closer and try again . woody terri , you spend any fuel get closer , you will not get back , and if anyone try to get you , they will die too . no response from terri . the hook be whipping back toward terri and the gun . Woody 's voice crack ; he 's very close to tear . plead now . woody honey , please go back . go back and help everyone get down to the surface . the hook slam back against the muzzle of the gun . terri reset the gun quickly , in a anguish fury . terri I be not lose you . woody I can not let you do it . I can not . I be sorry . terri look at Woody , two hundred meter away , sense something different in he voice now , a terrible resolve ... terri Woody ...? woody raise he hand to he helmet ring . his eye shine . woody I love you , terri . God how I love you . he unscrew the ring , pop the seal . the outrush of air push he helmet all the way off . Woody shut he eye and open he mouth . terri Woody , nooooooo ...!!! Ice crystal bloom with Woody 's last breath . there 's nothing to suck in . he do not fight it . he let death come . angle on terri tear stream , chest heaving , frantic . terri Woody , oh Woody , please God , no ! her thumb hover over she suit jet toggle control . mcconnell 's voice , from the distance , sound very tired . like he 's age fifty year in the blink of a eye . mcconnell come back , terri . terri 's thumb be still poise . death would be better . angle on mcconnell outside the remo . the hatch be still open . we see phil inside , stare out anxiously towards terri . mcconnell ( quietly , simply ) he 's go . he see no movement from the distant , small figure of terri . mcconnell please , terri ... ( long beat ) we need you . terri's thumb pushes the toggle control ... to one side , not forward . terri's face Inside she helmet , be stream with tear . she turn herself around , reluctantly . head slowly back towards the remo . int . INTERNATIONAL space station . mmcr . day on the big screen at mmcr , a glow green icon label " mar recovery " be show in orbit , as a stream of computer figure crawl beside it . super title : " space station . mmcr . 20 minute time lag " beck stand by the new capcom , as the latter repeat headset data . new capcom okay , they be go for the burn and moi . should be initiate the burn just about ... now . suddenly the data stream go crazy . it shiver , streak , break up ... then stop . the blink green icon represent Mars recovery glow brighter ... then vanish . a moment of stunne silence in the big room . then a rise babble of scared , confuse voice . ray beck take a step forward , stare helplessly at the screen . his face go pale , stricken . his worst nightmare be take place , right before he eye -- and for the second mission in a row ... dissolve to : ext . remo . mar orbit . night the remo be now on the night side of Mars . cargo box , pack case and assort equipment container float outside . the hatch be seal . int . remo . mar orbit . night mcconnell hover by a bulkhead . he 's anguish , haunt by the image of Woody 's death . we see he struggle to overcome he grief and shock , try to force himself to concentrate on the critical task at hand . in front of he , a panel have be open ; he 's face SMALL utility monitor already glow , surround by code switch , indicator light , com port . mcconnell stare at this , think hard , remember . he 's hold a palm -size computer , already wire into this panel . he begin tapping the key , but then stop himself . reconsider . he turn , look back at terri and phil hunched on what would be the floor if the remo be on land . they grip stowage strap to keep from drift . clearly this tiny , rude cargo craft be never design for manned operation . it 's claustrophobic , bitterly cold . phil be face be a map of torment . he be shiver , both from cold and fear , barely hold himself together . he hug he computer supply case like a scared child would hug a teddy bear . terri be worse . a thousand - yard stare . she 's in shock . mcconnell know he have to occupy they . speak softly . mcconnell phil ? ( no response ) hey , phil ...? phil look up at he dully . mcconnell we be go in blind . we will deploy the chute by laptop . I need to get on the data bus , put in a software patch , and try to soften this tin can 's landing . I could use you help with the patch . after a moment phil release he strap , push towards mcconnell . he stare numbly at the monitor for a few beat , then take the little computer from mcconnell . he begin to tap the key , slowly at first , but then with more confidence . mcconnell that 's great . good job. ( turn to terri ) hey , terri , I be wonder . think maybe we could rig some kind of seatbelt out of that cargo strap ? terri hesitates a moment , then look at the strap in she hand , as if she 's never see it before . dully she reach for another one , begin looping they together . mcconnell Studies both of they face intently . know that he can not push they too hard , too fast . they be move like robot , but at least they be move . ext . remo . mar orbit . night . ( minute later ) small thruster be fire , get the remo into position for entry into the atmosphere . then all the jet fire in unison , brake the remo , as it fall away from we , towards Mars at night . int . remo . high atmosphere . night the astronaut , restrain on the floor by terri 's jury - rig strap system , hold on for dear life . the buffete through the atmosphere be shaking they violently . behind there faceplate we see the effect of the incredible g-force : face distort , unable to focus they eye . each of they think , once again : now I be go to die ... omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . mar one base camp . night the Mars one base Camp loom in the foreground , like some desolate , otherwordly ghost town . and then , in the night sky beyond it , we see a eerie and beautiful sight : a bright streak of red as the remo slashes down into the martian atmosphere , like a shoot star , finally disappear behind distant mountain . then all be stillness again , deathly stillness and silence ... int . INTERNATIONAL space station . viewport . day beck stand by a viewport , stare out into space . he 's just lose four good friend , and also know he be see , in this disaster , the probable end of the Mars Program , and the certain end of he own career . he do not , at first , even hear the nearby voice . new capcom Ray ...? we have get some new data , just come in . beck look up , he eye red-rimme . the capcom shift uneasily . he 's hold a computer printout . new capcom we just -- it do not make any sense . we be not sure how to read this . beck data ? new capcom yes sir . telemetry report the remo have leave its orbit and reach the martian surface . beck ( pause ) crashed ? new capcom no sir . under power . beck snatch the paper , stare at it . for the first time we see some life come back into he . beck when ? new capcom sixty -three minute after Mars recovery go off-line . Sir , the graph read like a control descent . but that do not make any -- beck suddenly understand . and it 's a joy to see he face , the tear of happiness that spring into he eye . beck they use the remo as a lander . the capcom stare back at he , feel the same surge of hope . beck it 's mcconnell , it 's get to be ! nobody else could have pull this off . Son of a bitch ! they be alive . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . martian surface . mar one base camp . day Pov angle - wide as we see the Mars one base Camp : silent , very still . in the distance , the massive erv still loom , perch for takeoff , the bottom rung of its ladder bury . panning we see that sand have drift high against the hab , as well as the side of the partially - deflate tunnel and greenhouse , and the four-man rover . the oxygen still and propellant plant be almost bury . solar panel , some of they puncture by micrometeor , flap and creak eerily in the slight breeze . and finally , closer to camera we see the camp 's american flag , still on its topple pole , but nearly obliterate by sand . angle on mcconnell , terri , and phil who be spook by this desolation . they have pause at the edge of the camp . they have drag along with they from they landing site a crude sledge , improvise from the remo 's hatch cover and some cargo strap . on this , they meager supplies . mcconnell , glance at the other , know he 's get to keep they spirit up . he kneel , dig out the flag pole . brush off the sand , he rights this and re-plant it firmly in the ground , pack the sand down with he boot . he stand for a moment look at the flag , he eye moist . despite the cost , they have make it to Mars . when he turn , terri and phil be look at he , move . mcconnell better ? phil ( pause ) damn right . mcconnell terri , let 's see if that oxygen still be operational . phil , you better check out the erv . I will take the hab . if you find luke 's -- he catch himself . phil and terri look at he . mcconnell just keep in touch . ext . erv . day phil step from the umber sand onto the erv 's ladder , begin to climb . the four-man rover be nearby , sand drift high against its tire . ext . oxygen still . day terri kneel by the oxygen still , begin to scoop away sand with she glove hand . she still look numb . ext . hab . day mcconnell ( on radio ) I be at the main airlock door . he unlatch a panel , grip the emergency lever inside , tug it . after a seem eternity , the door groan and creak open . Little puff of dust and sand swirl about , settle . mcconnell enter hab . ext . erv . day perched atop the erv 's ladder , phil , use a battery - power drill , be just remove the final screw from the hatch cover . he lift off the heavy cover , let it tumble to the sand . phil I have get erv access . I be go in . terri , you okay ? ext . oxygen still . day terri be still scoop sand . she 's just clear the first row of gauge . terri yeah . this be gonna take awhile to get back to 100 % capacity . int . mar one hab . day mcconnell walk through the kitchen , which we recognize . he pause to look at the table from which luke and he crew tape they final , fateful message . he birthday cupcake still sit there , eerily , with its stub of burn - out candle . half -finish , freeze cup of coffee . suddenly , out of the corner of he eye , he catch a flash of white . he spin , startle , and see he own reflection . in he white pressure suit , stare back at he from the screen of a video monitor . above this be perch the camera the Mars one astronaut use for they comm packet . mcconnell shiver this place be fill with ghost . int . erv cockpit . day phil , in the pilot 's seat of the erv , push a computer 's power button . the screen flicker weakly to life , startling he a bit , but all he see on it be white streak , crazy static . phil erv appear structurally intact . Computers be fry , just as we think . ext . oxygen still . day terri have clear more gauge , valve . she sit back on she heel , study the tangle of pipe . terri copy that . I have get bust filter here , clogge intake . helluva cleanup job , but so far no major damage . int . greenhouse . day a inner airlock door whooshes OPEN , and mcconnell enter . then stop , astonished . he Pov on a fantastic , almost jungle - like atmosphere . the plant have be allow -- encourage ? -- to grow wildly . some be even push against the inflate roof . Water condense on the leave and the roof , then be capture and route through pipe of every shape and size , drip into a clever assortment of collection jar . liquid water . mcconnell reaches into a bucket , touch the water . his glove come up before he wonder eye , drip . grasp the implication , he look down at he forearm instrument pad . blink red letter read " 25 deg. C . " and something else -- the puffy white material of he suit be start to slightly deflate , revealing he arm 's shape . there 's air pressure in here ! mcconnell punch in more number , and get the readout : " nitr. 78 % / 02 20 % / c02 1 % / trace gass 1 % . " mcconnell slowly reach up , unseal the neck ring of he helmet . he hesitates , then lift it off . take a deep , quenching lungful of pure air . hold it in . let it slowly out . for a moment he do not trust he own voice . then speak softly towards he helmet . mcconnell I be in the greenhouse . you better ... you better come see this for yourselves . int . erv . day phil , still sit at the cockpit control , turn . through a side viewport he can just make out the greenhouse . phil what be it ? there 's no answer . he rise . ext . oxygen still . day terri rise , concerned , and turn . through the distant , translucent wall of the greenhouse , mcconnell 's shadowy figure can be see , move slowly . terri Jim ...? int . greenhouse . day mcconnell set down he helmet , start explore , push through frond as he make he way down a aisle . the drip foliage be so dense it almost choke he path . everywhere he look , he have the sense of a scrounge - together , recycle , jury - rig environment , where a great deal of ingenuity have come into play . he pause , look up ... overhead , a bellow , stitched together from piece of plastic tarp , slowly inhale and exhales , pump air into a vent in the upper deck of the hab . its power come from a crude water wheel , a bucket - and -strut assemblage , tidily suture with duct tape , like some giant erector set . as mcconnell turn away from this , still marvel , a rag figure leap through the foliage ! it smashes into he , with a harsh screech , knock he to the ground . mcconnell , on he back , straddle by he attacker , fight back as best he can . a blur of flail arm and fist , as he try to push the creature away . stare up , he catch a glimpse of the almost unrecognizable luke graham whose frighten eye glare back at he through a sway curtain of dreadlock . his skin be crease , weathered , above a scraggly beard . his clothes be tatter , patch together . in one fist he grip a rock hammer , which he swing high overhead , about to drive the claw through mcconnell 's skull . mcconnell grab he arm desperately , try to fend he off . mcconnell luke , it 's I ! Jim mcconnell ! we see a flash of uncertainty in luke 's eye . then he yank he arm free , and he hammer arc up even higher , tremble in the air . luke you be not here ! mcconnell luke , it 's Jim ! luke no , no , you be not ... you can not be here . mcconnell you wife be debra ! you son be Bobby ! you be read treasure Island with he ...! as he stare down at mcconnell , luke 's eye finally light up with recognition . but before he can move , he be seize from behind and flung backwards to the ground , the hammer rip from he grasp , as terri and phil pinion he arm . mcconnell scramble to he foot . mcconnell do not hurt he ! mcconnell kneel beside luke , signal to terri and phil that it 's okay to let he go . they stand back , pull off they helmet . everyone be panting , out of breath . luke sit up , slowly study they feature , one after another , as if still not quite certain whether they might vanish . his voice be hoarse , rusty from disuse . luke phil ... terri ... luke look with incomprehension at mcconnell . luke Jim ... I do not understand . you be not suppose to be here ... why be you here ? where 's Woody ? mcconnell he do not make it luke . luke stare at mcconnell , try to absorb everything . he look to terri , who look down . luke oh no . luke shake he head in dismay . he seem to shrink in on himself . it 's all too much for he to take in . mcconnell kneel and put he arm around luke , comforting he . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . elsewhere in the greenhouse . day ( minute later ) luke sit on the side of he cot , in the little tent sleep area he 's create in one corner of the greenhouse . nearby , he hotplate , pot , and some freshly harvest vegetable and green . the other crouch around he . mcconnell luke , what happen here ? a flash of fear in luke 's eye . luke ( whisper ) we fire the radar . it come . they all die . mcconnell what come ? luke they all die , but I be spare . why ? have to be for a reason . then , all of a sudden , I know why I be spare . his voice drop to a conspiratorial whisper . luke so somebody would be leave to figure out the secret . he tap he forehead , significantly , then nod once or twice . the other exchange a uneasy glance . mcconnell luke , we still do not understand . luke come . comecomecome . he rise quickly and scuttle off , wave a impatient hand , without wait to see if they will follow . mcconnell , terri and phil stare after he for a long moment . phil break the silence . phil be it just I ? or be he about two mealpack short of a picnic ? terri Long term exposure to low gravity can have a adverse impact on the brain . he could be suffer from a form of asphyxia . mcconnell or maybe he whole crew die and he 's be maroon alone on Mars . let 's give he time to adjust . mcconnell and terri follow in the direction luke go . phil , trail , mutter to himself . phil greatgreatgreat . ext . mar one base camp . day luke , now in a patch - up pressure suit and grubby-look helmet , stand peer down unhappily at the improvise sledge , with its meager supplies . mcconnell , terri , and phil walk up behind he , wear they helmet again . they hear luke over he radio . luke so ... let I be sure I understand this . you ship blow up , with all its supplies . then you emptied the cargo out of the remo , and it be totalled on landing . you have get no food , no water , no spare oxygen , nothing but what I see here ...? mcconnell and the other be silent , embarrassed . then mcconnell nod . luke look at he , a crack grin . luke what kinda rescue mission be this ? mcconnell that kind . he point to the computer repair case , as phil lift it off a sledge . luke turn , look at the case , then phil . phil check it out . New nav board for the erv . I get four round - trip ticket , baby , right in here . luke ( softly ) four . in some mysterious way , this reminder of Woody 's death seem to bring he fully back into himself . he take terri by the shoulder , deeply sadden . she meet he gaze . luke terri ... I be so sorry . he be a good man . terri thanks , luke . luke when there 's time , we will talk . she nod , grateful . a beat . he look at the other . luke this way . he start off across the sand , and they follow . ext . grave site . day they stand look down at the three long mound of dirt , as luke complete he account of the disaster . luke ... when I come to and dig myself out of the sand , my faceplate be crack . leak badly . I barely make it back to base . it be week before I could work up the nerve to go back out there and look for they ... he have to pause , collect himself . luke Renee be the only one I could find . but it do not seem right , somehow , to dig just one grave . there be a emotional silence . luke turn , take a few step . he stare into the distance , observe the swirl dust around they . mcconnell hesitates , notice luke 's gaze . mcconnell have it be blow like this for a while ? ( luke nod ) we see a big storm from space . but micker say it be turn south . luke look off into the distance , study something only he seem to see . luke if it hold course . mcconnell pull he gaze away from the horizon , look at luke . mcconnell this -- whatever it be -- this force . you say it come directly out of the top of the mountain ? luke you do not believe I . that 's okay . but I be not crazy , Jim . mcconnell be not quite sure how to reply to this . mcconnell what do you mean by its " secret ? " what secret ? luke ( pause ) you better see for yourselves . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . mar one hab . day mcconnell , terri , and phil follow luke into the Science Lab area of the hab , then stop in they track . they helmet be off . it 's very cold in here ; they breath be frosty . there Pov -- the Lab be cramme with rock and sand sample from many location , all tag and label . there be drawing and diagram cover the wall : martian landscape , annotate map , and over and over , obsessively repeat , drawing of the vortex that destroy the Mars one crew . luke see , where they make they mistake be , they must have plan for it to be visible from Earth ... the other turn , look at he . luke be aim a electric space heater at he computer . as the coil glow red , he rub he hand together , poise over the keyboard . mcconnell who 's " they " ? luke react to they blank stare . he have a kind of jittery feverish intensity , a secret excitement . luke do not you understand ? hundred of million of year have go by . you have get erosion , sand storm , lava flow , meteor impact -- hell , in that much time , the whole surface would have change . so no wonder we never see it before . well , I mean , we see it , but not like they mean we too . too much dirt on it . the other exchange worried glance . be he totally nut ? terri saw what ? luke this . on the computer screen they be look at ... close on the monitor picture of the face after the disaster , see from ground - level , in telephoto view . rising out of a ring of rock and dirt rubble be the shiny - white profile of a gigantic face . the white be smooth , impenetrable . it have the scale of a mountain , but the plane and angle be clearly unnatural . mcconnell , phil and terri ( int . mar one hab . ) they be stunne . can hardly believe they eye . phil Jesus ... terri what be that ...? luke I do not know . but whatever it be , somebody build it . and not we . a few moment of silence while they try to absorb this . mcconnell what about the sound ? that signal you hear before the explosion ? luke good , Jim , good . that 's the key . a click of the mouse and they all hear , over speaker , the deep pulsing bass tone . luke hear the pause ? that 's what make I realize it 's a pattern -- a repeat pattern . mcconnell Mathematical ? luke be tremble with excitement . his word tumble out very quickly . he 's be wait so long to share this . luke that 's what I think . there be distinct block in the pattern , and within each block the tone come in group of three . threethreethree . for month I struggle to analyze it , try different construct ... then I think about dimension . mcconnell X -y-z coordinate ... luke right ! Three group equal three dimension ... so I try assign different graphic value to each block , group and tone . and finally I get ... this . he type another command . they all look at the monitor , the glow reflect on they face . they be amaze again . close on the monitor where we see the beautiful interlock chain , the universally familiar double helix , of a DNA molecule -- the elegant blueprint of life . back to scene ( int . mar one hab . ) phil my God ... be that what I think it be ? terri DNA ... that 's a model of DNA ! luke you see it , too . thank God . I be afraid I be just suffer from a form of asphyxia . she glance at he , surprised that he overhear she earlier diagnosis . but he smile , not offended . phil so , okay , so -- somebody leave this thing here , somebody -- other than human . but what the hell be it ? luke my guess be , it 's a signature . a self - portrait of whatever species create the face . mcconnell but that DNA look human . terri no way . it 's miss the last pair of chromosome . see ? mcconnell yeah , but it 's close . damn close . terri the difference between a man and a ape be less than three percent of genetic material . but that three percent give you mozart . Einstein . phil or Jack the ripper . they look at he . then all four turn , stare again at the slowly rotate DNA , ponder its awesome mystery . mcconnell when he finally speak , never take he eye off the screen . we can read in they the almost overwhelming grip this mystery have on he imagination . mcconnell it 's be a long day . let 's get a couple hour sleep , then tackle this thing when we be fresher . phil , you first priority will be to get the motherboard over to the erv . concentrate on get communication up first . ( phil nod ) soon as we have get the juice , we will send a packet to micker , tell they luke 's ok , and that ... everything else that 's happen . the rest of we will take a inventory of supplies , see where we stand . okay ? the other nod in weary agreement . as they start out , towards the relative warmth of the greenhouse , terri look at luke , at he scraggly beard and he long , lank hair . she smile , brush some lock off he forehead . terri c'mon . there 's a pair of scissors in my medkit . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . mar one hab . another section . next morning as in the Science Area , this space have enough thin oxygen for the astronaut to remain unhelmete . mcconnell and luke be still go through what few supplies be salvage from the remo . luke pause , rub the unfamiliar smoothness of he cheek . his beard be go , he hair neatly trim . mcconnell enjoy luke 's own wonder at he transformation . mcconnell how do you feel ? luke like I just get back my other three percent . mcconnell smile . terri enter through the hatch , remove she helmet . terri the backup generator be salvageable , and two of the solar panel . I be pretty sure I can get the oxygen still back into production , too . so we be not in such bad shape , consider . luke good work , terri . mcconnell , rummage through phil 's backpack , drop a already - open bag of m&amp ; ms . the candy scatter and bounce all over the floor . mcconnell look at that . phil 's idea of absolute essential . luke and terri smile . mcconnell scoops up the fall m&amp ; ms . he slow down as he do it , look at the scatter of little round candy . something tug at the back of he mind ... flashback to : omitted sequence omit from original script . int . mar recovery . eva airlock . day phil 's intricately design m&amp ; m model of he " ideal woman " , float weightlessly , as mcconnell drift past it , pluck away a couple piece of the candy . phil reacting , in good - nature annoyance . the gap in the design leave by mcconnell 's theft ... int . mar one hab . another section . day close on mcconnell as he tremble with excitement . with sudden comprehension . mcconnell it 's not a signature . luke ( puzzle ) what ? mcconnell that noise from the face ... it 's not a signature . it 's a test . luke and terri stare at he . int . mar one hab . moment later mcconnell sit in front of the computer back in the science lab area , stare once again at the mysterious DNA model . luke and terri stand behind he . mcconnell 's energy , he new certainty , be almost electrify . mcconnell it 's ask we for the right answer . it want we to put in the miss pair of chromosome . luke but why ? mcconnell to prove that we be human . terri and luke look at each other , start to understand . luke we fire radar into that thing . concentrate sound wave ... mcconnell which it interprete as a wrong answer ... yes ! it 's like a , a security alarm . when it get a incorrect response , it defend itself . int . erv cockpit . day phil be listen in on radio . he 's get panel open , wire dangle , as he work he ongoing repair . he key he mike , uneasily . phil so what happen when it get the right answer ? int . mar one hab . day as mcconnell look at luke and terri . mcconnell ( hesitates ) I do not know . but we have get to find out . ( to luke , point ) can you work this the other way ? figure out which tone would be equivalent to the miss chromosome ? then dub they into you recording of the signal ? luke I think so , yes . mcconnell what about the radar gun ? will it accept that input ? can we transmit a complete signal back to the face ? luke stare at he , startle by what he 's imply . int . erv cockpit . day phil be also grow increasingly nervous . phil whoa , whoa , hold on , Jim . what if you be wrong ? whoever go out there ... I mean , what if you be wrong ? Three people have already die over that thing . int . mar one hab . day as luke and terri look tensely at mcconnell . terri four . mcconnell look at she . mcconnell terri , if we leave here without get some answer , they all die in vain . terri shake she head . terri we just do not know enough about that -- that thing out there to take any more chance . mcconnell what be we here for , if not to take chance ...? his passion startles they ; they have never see he so emotional . he point at the computer screen . mcconnell this mean we be not alone . it mean we be on the brink of the great discovery in mankind 's history . but we have still get to prove it . who know when someone else will get back here ? or if they ever will ? you know what Congress be like . they will say it 's too dangerous , too much loss of life , let 's go back to unmanned flight . we could be the last explorer to come here for decade . we be it , guy . ( pause ) we be it . luke ( quietly ) we do not have to go out there . there 's a better way . they look at he , surprised . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . mar . the face . plain of cydonia . day the familiar , plucky little figure of are - 8 wheel across ocher sand , with the radar gun jury - rig onto its back . are ' video snout whirr out , extend . the familiar bass rumble of the face be very loud from here . luke check video feed ... int . mar one hab . late day mcconnell , terri , and phil have gather around luke as he push button , and a monitor crackle to life . White streak , then a blurry image , which he try to enhance . finally the image start to sharpen . luke there ! on the monitor they see the familiar stark white profile of the face , shot from ground level , in a slowly approaching angle ... the four astronaut stare at the ominous sight . they be all more nervous than they want to show . luke 's finger delicately work a joystick as he maneuver the remote surveyor . mcconnell how close do we need to get ? luke I be not sure . maybe we better stop by that boulder . ext . mar . the face . late day are - 8 whine to a stop by a large boulder , which partially shield it from the face , loom beyond . the radar gun swivel , locating its target . then stop , ready to fire . int . mar one hab . late day luke look at terri , phil , and mcconnell . phil shut the lid of the box hold the new nav board , snap it protectively down . he nod . terri take a deep breath , then she nod . luke 's hand hover over the red fire button ; a moment of awesome uncertainty and danger . he look at mcconnell , who finally give a nod of command . then luke hit the button . ext . mar . the face . late day from the radar gun on are - 8's back , a sharp , high - pitch electronic burst be emitted , pulsate like a tuning fork as it 's fire towards the face . after a few second it stop . for a moment nothing happen . then the deep bass rumbling stop as well . the only remain sound be of wind , stir up dust on the martian plain . angle on the face as suddenly a huge , curve segment of the white surface begin to rise from the earth , like a gigantic hangar door , slide out of sight into a upper sheath of some kind . the movement be measure , stately , utterly silent . as the segment rise , it reveal a blind white light : the interior of the face . no inside detail can be see . int . mar one hab . day mcconnell , luke , terri and phil stare at this phenomenon , awed . they be barely breathe . phil oh my God ... luke it work ... it work ! mcconnell check for radiation . luke punch button , wait anxiously for a readout . luke normal . seismic ... normal . anemometer steady . no sign of the vortex . phil I do not know what we do , but guy -- do that look to you like a hostile gesture ? terri no . more like a invitation . luke or another test ... mcconnell be stare at the mysterious open . on he face , a grow look of determination . mcconnell luke , the four-man rover . do it still work ? the other look at he , they expression change as they realize what he 's imply . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . mar one base camp . late day mcconnell , once again helmete , emerge from the hab airlock . luke , terri and phil be come out behind he . the wind have pick up , and fine dust be blow . they stop , stare off in astonishment towards a frightening sight the entire sky have darken from its customary salmon into purplish - black at the horizon , with bloody streak above . the dust STORM have turn they way ; it 's now sixty kilometer away and close . the main body of it reach two thousand meter above the surface and stretch out along a thousand - kilometer front . the astronaut stare at this unholy juggernaut , alarmed . mcconnell turn to luke , whose expression be grim . mcconnell how long before it hit ? luke a hour ? maybe less . mcconnell how bad ? luke a storm like that ? it could go planetary . and last a year . mcconnell stare at he . luke it will sock we in , Jim . we will not be able to take off . if that happen , with what few supplies we have get leave ...? we will starve to death . mcconnell turn , stare off towards the killer storm . the other look at he with question gaze . he turn again . there 's the four-man rover , ready to go . wait . mcconnell phil , how much longer to prep the erv ? phil maybe forty - five minute . it will be tight , but we can make it . mcconnell then there 's still time for we to get out there and back . he look a question at luke and terri , one after the other . they eye , tense but excited , signal agreement . mcconnell stay here . continue the repair . if something go wrong , you get out of here before that storm hit . phil go back ... alone ? mcconnell if we be not back in forty - five minute , I want you to prep and launch . ( look at he armpad display ) that 's 1950 hour . phil Jim -- mcconnell it 's not a suggestion , it 's a order . you understand ? phil ( reluctantly ) I understand . but -- mcconnell you understand what ? phil if you be not back by 1950 , I prep and launch . mcconnell nod , satisfied . look at terri and luke . mcconnell let 's go . they start towards the four-man rover . Dust be swirl more thickly through the air , and the wind be louder now . phil stand watch they go , a lone , rather forlorn figure . ext . plain of cydonia . dusk in a wide shot , we see the rover approach the face , across the plain . the sky beyond the face be almost black , as the storm approach from that direction . it 's march relentlessly across the planet , with flash of lightning now rippling up and down its face , and even small tornado spin off near its purple- black base ... int . erv cockpit . dusk phil have panel off . he 's reach into the gut of the main computer , work feverishly . his repair kit be beside he . ext . mar . the face . dusk in a high shot , we look down across the side of the face and its vast , open doorway , out of which the bright white light be stream . into this corridor of light , we see the rover arrive , slew to a stop , throw sand from its wheel . ground level shot look at the cavernous vertical gap in the side of the face . the open tower to a dizzying height above we ; the white light strain we eye . the three astronaut enter frame as we see they , from behind , stare up . on the astronaut ' awed face as they be stunne by the immensity of the scene , the cosmic mystery before they . luke and terri look at mcconnell . another moment of critical decision . he key he mike . mcconnell phil , do you read I ? int . erv cockpit . dusk phil key he own mike . phil yeah , Jim . you signal 's break up a little in the storm , but I read you . ext . the face . dusk mcconnell stare into the bright open . bath in its light . mcconnell we be at the face . we be gonna need a few minute here . same deadline , launch at 1950 . with or without we . do you copy ? phil ( pause ) copy that . terri and luke exchange a tense glance . terri Jim , be you sure you want to do this ? mcconnell I be not sure of anything anymore . but I do not come a hundred million mile just to turn back in the last ten foot . luke smile . the three of they stare into the portal . mcconnell , between the other , reach out and grip each of they by a glove hand . they take a sort of collective breath . then they walk forward together , into the light . int . the face . dusk the astronaut continue forward , each of they extend a free hand . the light be too dazzle for they to gauge distance , texture , color -- anything at all . they can not see wall , ceiling , even a floor . mcconnell surface seem firm and level . luke Roger that . texture be smooth . terri I have get good foot and no obstruction . let 's check we -- behind they , there be a abrupt whooosh , like a giant airlock sealing shut . they turn , startle and nervous . letting go of each other 's hand , luke and terri run back the way they come , but almost immediately be stop by a wall of some sort . the vast hangar - type door have close behind they . terri it 's solid again ! we be trap . mcconnell do not move ! keep this orientation . the three scared , helmete face seem to float in the brightness , some twenty foot apart . mcconnell ( key he mike ) phil ? phil , can you still hear I ? int . erv cockpit . dusk phil , say a silent prayer , reach over and turn on the main computer . it work ! he 's immensely relieved . phil Computers be online ! ready to load software . but guy -- we be lose visibility here . he glance out the cockpit window at the blow dust . then realize that he 's hearing only silence over he radio . phil guy ...? Jim ? luke ? terri ? be anyone there ...? no answer . phil stare at he radio in dread . phil do not leave I . int . face . dusk mcconnell be stare at he spacesuit 's sleeve . he can see that the suit material be start to deflate , revealing the shape of he arm , just as it do in luke 's greenhouse . he hesitates , then begin to unscrew the sealing ring on he right glove . terri and luke see this . terri ( alarmed ) Jim , what be you do ? you will depressurize ! mcconnell I do not think so . mcconnell make the final twist on he glove and there 's the hiss of rush air . luke Jim , seal it ! mcconnell no . that be air go into my suit , not out . look at you own suit -- they be not rigid anymore . we have get pressure in here . luke look at he sleeve . mcconnell 's right . terri above Mars atmospheric ? that 's impossible . mcconnell we be million of mile from Earth and we be inside a gigantic white face . what 's impossible ? terri type on she arm keypad . she 's amaze . terri there 's six psi in here ... ( tap more key ) Nitrogen and oxygen . luke otherwise know as air ? terri nod . mcconnell start unscrew he helmet ring . luke follow suit . terri hey , there may be some lethal trace gass I have not pick up yet , or ... or ... oh , the hell with it . terri start take off she helmet . in a few moment , all three helmet be off . they hold they , glow softly , against they chest , as they breathe deeply and gratefully . Air . and then , at this very moment , as if they have just pass another kind of test ... high , striated wall appear through the glare , soar up before they startle eye . White , metallic , compose of complexly - link band , plate , ramp . it 's part of a structure whose overall height and breadth keep we from understanding its purpose . but the hatch open slowly in its side , at the top of a approach ramp , be unmistakable . radiant white light stream out from within , form a glow tunnel , down towards the astronaut . the astronaut blink raising they glove against the dazzle glow . at the end of this tunnel of light , inside the hatch frame a shape materialize and slowly resolve itself into a glow humanoid form , which we somehow sense be female . she appear benign , wondrous . this glow martian -- a holograph -- regards the astronaut for a few moment , then beckon to they , as if to say " enter . " all she motion be both calm and calming -- precise , unhurry , gracious . mcconnell , luke and terri look at each other . they be awed into silence , and still tense , but now more out of excitement and anticipation than fear . they eye agree : let 's go . they walk forward slowly , carry they helmet , up the ramp and into the tunnel of light , follow the martian , who retreat before they . they go through the hatch and disappear inside . int . martian structure . dusk follow the martian , they find themselves in a round , open space , define by light , with a smooth matte- metallic floor , but without apparent wall . the martian stop , turn , face they . the astronaut stop , too , uncertain what they be mean to do . then the martian gesture again . a cylindrical holographic column appear , rise from the floor in front of the astronaut . Inside it , a swirl of eerie light , million of they , like cosmic firefly ... mcconnell , luke , and terri set down they helmet , then cautiously converge around this column , form a loose triangle . as they stare into it , the myriad light be reflect off they own eye and they spacesuit . in the holographic column the whirling light resolve into image , which relate to they the story of ancient Mars : a blue planet we do not recognize . all be peaceful , beautiful . intercut mcconnell ( softly ) be that what I think it be ? luke yeah . it 's Mars . suddenly a huge asteroid tumble through space towards the planet ... terri oh my God . on the planet - closer view as thousand of small rocketship lift away from the surface , head in a stream out of the solar system ... the asteroid impact and a wall of fire and debris scour the planet . ocean boil and vaporize . two gigantic hunk be blast out of the planet , spin in flame ... mcconnell , luke , and terri involuntarily flinch , bath in the fiery image ... the planet be now dead as dust storm roil across its cold , lifeless surface . the flame hunk of molten rock cool into twin moon . the astronaut stare at this devastation , deeply move . in deep space the stream of martian ship grow smaller and smaller as it continue on its epic voyage towards a new solar system . then we zero in on one particular rocketship as it peel off and go in another direction . graphic show a model of what the ship contain : the familiar double helix of DNA . the ship head towards another blue planet in we solar system ... earth as it be then . more cloud than now , more ocean , and the landform all wedge together . terri her voice be soft . terri Earth , when it be still pangaea . before the continent separate . the lone martian ship make a fiery streak through Earth 's atmosphere and plunge into the ocean . instantly the image of the DNA double helix grow , fill the entire holographic column , then it begin to spin and pulse , disintegrate into a phantasmagoric whirl of new image ... mcconnell , luke , and terri Cry out , stunne by the strobelike power of the display as live form flash into the holographic column , swim , grow , crawl , leaping , fly : one - cell microscopic organism , plankton , plant of all kind , insect , then fish , dinosaur , bird , small mammal , larger mammal -- the entire stun panorama of evolution , distil into a single explosive sequence , as the image wash over the dazzle , awestruck face of the astronaut until finally the image whirl away , the holographic column dissolves , leave only a circle of glow , concentric , color ring on the floor . the astronaut be leave stare at each other across the open space where the column have be . the martian now come forward with outstretch arm and complete they circle , take the fourth position . mcconnell be opposite she glow form , and terri and luke be at either side . the martian reach she arm out , invite they to link hand . as they do so , the martian seem to be stare directly into mcconnell 's eye . mcconnell be in wondrous awe , he whole face radiant with joy . it 's the first time we have ever see he utterly without sadness or reserve . stare at the martian , he understand . mcconnell they be we . we be they ... luke we be martian ...? mcconnell that 's what she mean . terri oh my God . the cambrian explosion . mcconnell and luke look at she . terri almost six hundred million year ago , there be a sudden expansion of life on Earth . the first multi-cell plant and animal appear . no one have ever understand why ... luke they seed Earth . we hear a bell - like tone , a single linger high note , and simultaneously the outermost ring of the circle on the floor begin to glow brightly . it be a intense chromium yellow . the astronaut step back , startle , unlink they hand , and look at the circle of color ring . this shade from yellow , on the outer rim , to a deeper yellow , then orange , then finally red . Inside the final , deep red ring be a circle of indigo blue , about a meter across . small point of light glitter here , like star against a midnight sky . the martian step closer to mcconnell . she have pick he out in particular . now she beckon for he to move inside the circle of color ring , to stand on the indigo core . mcconnell look back at she , nod he understanding . for the first time she seem to smile . benevolence , reassurance . then as abruptly as she first appear , she fade away . vanish . luke and terri look at mcconnell , confuse . there be a sudden , static -fill crackle from they helmet , nearby on the floor . phil ( over radio ) ... in , please . can you ... I ? terri pick up she helmet , lean into its mike . terri phil , we be here ! we read you . even through the scratchy interference , they can hear the relief in phil 's voice . and then the desperation . phil thank God ! listen , this storm be really -- ( loud static ) -- few more minute , I can not -- ( more static ) you have gotta get back to the ship ! and then they hear only static . his signal be lose . terri phil ? phil ...? suddenly the bell -like tone repeat , at a lower register , with a more sustained note , and simultaneously , the last of the yellow circle of light begin to fade , as the first orange band begins to glow brighter . mcconnell turn , look at this new color , then look back at luke and terri . mcconnell we be in a ship . this be a ship . and the countdown have already start . terri look at luke , alarmed . luke he 's right . terri then let 's get the hell out of here ! she scoops up luke 's helmet , toss it to he . as he catch it , she 's already start back out , in the direction they come from , and luke follow she . until they both become aware that mcconnell be not with they . they turn back . he 's still roote to the spot , he gaze lock on the indigo core of the color ring . luke Jim ... mcconnell do not turn . luke Jim , we gotta go . mcconnell I be not come with you . terri ( stunne ) what ? come back , she see how calm he be . how certain . terri what be you talk about ? we have get to get home . mcconnell that 's where I be go . do not you see ? that 's what all this be for . ( mcconnell gesture at the ship around they ) you be right terri . this be a invitation . to follow they . to follow they home . he look into they face . terri be try to grasp this idea , still incredulous . luke have the beginning of a half smile . mcconnell I have to go . this be the mission now . to find out who we be . be not that why we come here ? like maggie say , " to stand on a new world and look beyond it to the next one . " luke nod at the memory of maggie 's word . terri remember too . mcconnell 's passionate conviction be affect they both . mcconnell you know , when you think about it -- I be not even suppose to be here -- all the accident , everything that get we to this point , it 's just ... it 's just ... I just know it 's right . terri look at luke . luke be smile . he understand . mcconnell I be okay . I know what I be do . but you be run out of time . you have gotta get back to the erv and get off this planet . now please go . luke step closer , look at he old friend . luke I once feel like I be take you turn . but now I think maybe you be take mine . guess I be a little jealous . they clasp hand for a moment . but in this moment be a lifetime of camaraderie , a eternity of farewell . luke thanks for save my life . mcconnell my pleasure . luke nod , deeply move . he turn away , pick up he helmet , as terri come closer , look at mcconnell , a long unspoken beat . her eye be glisten . terri I wish Woody be here to see this . he would have want to go too , Jim . terri smile . she be start on the road to recovery . she 's go to be okay . mcconnell he 's here , terri . we would not have make it without he . terri nod . she dig into one of she suit 's pocket , pull something out . she hand it to mcconnell , and he fist close around it . terri take care , Jim . mcconnell smile . terri smile back at he . then she turn , pick up she helmet , and cross to where luke have pause , look back . luke hey , Jim ...? mcconnell yeah ? luke have a great ride . mcconnell always do . luke and terri exchange a final silent farewell with he , then hurry away , into the darkness . mcconnell look down at what terri give he . it's woody' neck chain with the little flash Gordon rocketship . mcconnell grip this tightly as he look up . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . mar . the face . plain of cydonia . night the hanger- like hatch have reopen , and luke and terri , helmete again , emerge from the face . the lead edge of the dust storm be upon they . they can not see much more than a few meter . as they reach the rover , they hear , even in this chaos , that the deep pulsing tone of the face have start again . they look at each other , uncertain what this mean . but mcconnell be now beyond they help . luke key he mike . luke phil ? phil , do you read ? ( to terri ) he 's not read . terri I can barely read you . let 's get the hell out of here ! int . erv cockpit . night phil be anyone there ? can anyone read I ? phil get no response . he be shaking , almost cry . he hesitates , then start hit some key . close on he computer display which read : " pre -launch checklist . " int . martian spaceship . night mcconnell have shed he backpack , with its unneed oxygen tank . he step cautiously onto the color ring . nothing seem to happen . move further , he take he place on the indigo circle at they core . he look at the glowing take -off countdown indicator as it dip from orange into red ; the bell tone be continuous now , very deep and rapid . ext . plain of cydonia . night the rover , with luke and terri inside , race away towards the safety of the erv , as the maelstrom boil over the face behind they . the sky be purplish black , thick with fly debris and eerie lightning flash . tower billow of dust chase they over the plain , nearly envelop they as they speed towards we , pass out of frame . int . martian spaceship . night mcconnell react , surprised , as suddenly a transparent , glass -like cylinder begins to rise around he , swiftly and smoothly , come up from the circumference of the indigo circle . then a second , identical cylinder -- the top half -- drop down from somewhere overhead . the two section meet and fuse in a flash of light , contain mcconnell inside they , as neatly as if he be in a giant , transparent mailing tube . mcconnell fights against a stab of claustrophobia . be he be imprison ? or somehow protect ? either way , he 's virtually immobilize . in this tight space in he bulky suit , he can not even move he arm . only he head and neck can still shift . int . erv cockpit . night phil be go over he final pre-launch checklist , flipping switch and press button . he look at he digital clock which read " 1350 . " phil be stricken , tormented his finger hover over a " Fire " button . he lick he lip nervously , squeeze he eye shut , and hit the button . close on computer display and the word : " ignition sequence initiated " int . martian spaceship . night mcconnell be strain inside the cylinder that surround he , when something catch he attention . he arch he neck , look down . a cobalt-blue transparent liquid be beginning to fill the cylinder ! it swirl in , from some unknown source , rise rapidly ; already he lower boot be cover . mcconnell's eye wide in alarm . he strain against the side of the cylinder but he glove hand slide helplessly across the smooth surface . mcconnell look down again . the cobalt liquid be up to he knee . now he thigh ... mcconnell crane he neck , stare up . can he wedge himself higher , can he somehow climb to safety ? above he the entire " ceiling " of the face be become translucent . he can see the dust storm , boil overhead . and now , rise into this , be fiery coil of energy from the face itself . this swirl and twist in every direction , like angry water snake ; batter by the fierce wind . two vast force on a collision course . int . rover . night luke drive the rover through the blind storm , as terri stare at a dashboard computer screen . they have to shout to be hear over the roaring wind . terri I have lose the base Camp beacon ! luke look over alarmed . close on a dial as the needle spin freely , give no direction whatsoever . terri no good ! we be drive blind . luke I will try to keep on a straight line ! it 's we only chance . terri do not worry ! I have work with phil for four year ! I know Jim give he a direct order , but he will not leave without we . ext . plain of cydonia . night the Rover race towards we , the front of the storm chase it from behind , then completely overtake the Rover . it disappear from view ! int . erv cockpit . night phil sit in the pilot 's seat . he be look at a computer graphic that show the engine readying to launch . with resignation , he key he mike . phil this be erv , do you read ? erv to Rover , do you read ...? phil wait a second , then reach slowly for a blink red switch that read " launch . " he hesitates , then actually have he finger on it , about to flip it , when he hear a crackle of static on the radio . phil key he mike . phil this be erv , do you read ? luke ( very faint ) save the fuel , phil . we be come in . and phil choke back a sob . blink back the tear , he try to compose himself , then key he mike . phil uh , phil 's not here right now . he leave for Earth five minute ago . please leave you message at the beep . ext . the face . night from ground level we see that the coil of energy be rise from the forehead of the face , from its " third eye , " spin and looping faster and faster , start to form a vortex . but unlike the wind vortex that kill the Mars one crew , this be a vortex of fire . as we watch , more fiery streak begin to emerge from the side of the face , from the chin , cheek and temple . this all rush upwards , like lava flow uphill , gather in intensity as they leap free of the face itself and spiral into the atmosphere . the peak of the form vortex be already pierce the lowest layer of storm cloud , cause a dark counter -swirl . ext . mar one base camp . night phil stand at the bottom of the erv 's ladder , grip it to steady himself , stare into the swirl dust . the rover appear out of the dust and sand , the immense storm seem to chase it from behind . luke and terri climb out , struggle towards he through the wind . phil grip they hand , help they over to the ladder . he look back , confuse . phil where 's Jim ? terri he get another ride . phil stare at she , bewilder . luke tell you on the way . let 's go ! omitted sequence omit from original script . int . martian ship . night looking down into the cylinder , we see that the cobalt - blue fluid have rise to mcconnell 's upper chest . now it 's at he shoulder ! it pour into he suit through he neck ring . he strain on tiptoe , craning he head back , try to keep he unhelmete face above the rise liquid . he suck in deep desperate gulp of air , he head thrashing from side to side . then suddenly the fluid be over he mouth , he nose , he forehead . his whole body be submerge ! the level of fluid continue to rise towards the unseen top of the cylinder . mcconnell squeeze he eye shut , hold he breath . not so much fight this anymore as simply float in place , wait for he inevitable death ... ext . plain of cydonia . night wideview from above , as the energy vortex bend from side to side , push back the swirl storm that surround the face . as the vortex coalesc its energy into a cylindrical shape , we see through its center to a rise form -- the martian ship . it be a flatten convex circle whose matte - metallic angle replicate the " face " imagery . ext . plain of cydonia . night . sideview from inside the face as the face burn away around we , the martian ship begin to rise and spin . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . plain of cydonia . night the vortex be now a tight , rapidly spin cylinder . as it draw more and more power from the disintegrate face , the martian ship in its center spin faster and faster . int . martian ship . night mcconnell's face be spin and shaking too , more and more violently , as the huge buildup of G-forces tear at he body . we be remind of Nick Willis just before the vortex explode he ; be the same thing about to happen to mcconnell ? his eye remain tightly shut , bubbles be stream from he lip . his last breath be nearly exhaust , it 's be shake from he lung . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . martian spaceship . night as we move in closer on he face , we suddenly see , with he , a series of rapid-fire , almost subliminal image from the past . we recognize each one . previously , though , we see they as still photo ; now they have movement , life , and we view they from new and slightly different angle . this image intercut with glimpsis of mcconnell 's pale , shaking , near - death face in the present ... omitted sequence omit from original script . the young mcconnell under the Christmas tree , lift he new model rocket from its box . he turn to we , smile joyfully . a blind white flash , and he disappear ... omitted sequence omit from original script . the teenaged maggie be on she porch , under a night sky , bend down to the eyepiece of a telescope . she look up at we with a shy , proud smile . a blind white flash and she 's go ... omitted sequence omit from original script . maggie and mcconnell in flight suit , hold they helmet , stand on the wing of a fighter jet . the radiant young couple turn to each other , kissing . a blind white flash and they vanish ... maggie mcconnell in a astronaut 's pressure suit , drift rapidly towards we , reeling in along a tether . a man 's glove hand be outstretch , reach for she . as she grip the hand , we see she triumphant expression through she faceplate . a blind flash ; she 's go ... mcconnell's face - in the present be shaking savagely ; he be very near death . and then , all at once , the shaking stop . time itself seem to stop . mcconnell open he eye , stare straight at US . and then , fully accept he fate , he throw he head back , open he mouth and take in a deep lungful of the fluid . he can breathe it . his eye widen in surprise and understanding . he can breathe it ! this fluid will keep he alive ! his whole body relax , the tension drain from he head and shoulder , as he fully trust this launch for the first time . and then , with he eye wide open , he see , from memory , one final image ... bridal veil be lifted and reveal , in closeup , the beautiful face , the shine eye of maggie mcconnell . beatific , eternal . she gaze directly into camera , then smile ... mcconnell smile back . ext . plain of cydonia . night wide view , from above , as the energy vortex change from red - orange to blue-white . it roar with terrifying power as its top start to bend , angle like a telescope towards a specific point in the star . then the martian ship -- a round darker form , little more than a blip within the vast , blue-white column of energy -- shoot away from the surface , leave only a black crater where the face have be . ext . mar . high atmosphere . night angle from deep space , looking down , as the martian ship , riding its blue- white column of energy , streak up into the vast blackness , like a narrowly focus spotlight pierce the night . down below , we can see the dust storm in all its vastness still boil orange and brown across the planet 's surface , which it now completely cover . as the martian ship flash by we , it pass another ship , much smaller and slower , rise through the storm cloud on a different trajectory . we recognize the familiar , comfortable sight of the erv . pushing in quickly on this . we see three figure in the cockpit . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . erv cockpit . night luke , terri and phil be strapped in , with they acceleration just start to level off , when suddenly they cockpit interior be starkly bath in white light . they wince at the unearthly radiance , shield they faceplate with glove hand . terri dear God . look at that . through they cockpit window , they watch the martian ship hurtle by they at a hundred time they speed . phil be that he ? luke nod . they eye be glisten . luke 's voice be a whisper , both of prayer and farewell . luke godspeed Jim mcconnell . omitted sequence omit from original script . omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . space look through the cockpit window we see the martian ship recede into the infinite distance of space -- a long blue - white scratch that in moment begin to fade . finally it be a tiny point of light , take its place amongst the limitless expanse of the star-filled heaven . the end