mistress america written by noah baumbach and greta gerwig black tracy ( v.o. ) she would say thing like : '' be not every story a story of betrayal ? '' no , that 's not true , I think . but I could never say that , I could only agree with she . it be too much fun to agree with she . int . dorm room . day a dark room . we hear movement from outside . a key in the lock . the door open , light from the hallway silhouettes Tracy as she haul in a bag on wheel . she feel for a light on the wall and hit the switch . the light come on . voice I be sleep ! turn that off ! Tracy shut the light . tracy sorry. ( pause ) I be you roommate . LAURA ( v.0 . ) my name be Laura ... int . dorm common room . day a group of ten freshman sit around in a circle . one girl , Laura , hold a flashlight and say : LAURA .-- and I be go on safari and I be bring with I a rolling pin for Ruth , a car for carrie ... ( everyone laugh ) a jar for juman and a ... a... shit . she stare at Tracy , unable to get she name . Tracy pipe up : tracy a tracking device for Tracy ... LAURA ..- right a tracking device for Tracy and a ... lighter for I , Laura . she pass the flashlight . int . dorm room . early evening Tracy sit in she new dorm - room with she roommate , a girl with mousy hair and a hoodie . she watch Tracy unpack , from she bed . tracy be not you come to convocation ? RUTH you be go to that shit ? tracy yeah ... be not everyone ? RUTH I do not think anyone be go . except rapist . tracy what ? why rapist ? RUTH or Christians and home -school kid . nobody really go . tracy I think it 's just a candle lighting ceremony . ( pause ) how do you already know all this stuff ? School have not even start yet . Ruth do not answer . ext . college chapel . evening Tracy linger outside the building . kid be go inside . she hesitates then decide to bag it . ext . broadway , upper west side . night Tracy walk aimlessly . int . dine hall . day Tracy get a personal size pizza and a bowl of cereal . she pick up and inspect different item on the dessert tray , do not take any . int . classroom . day in class . get a paper back . she get a B. professor this be a start point - this be what college be for , we be go to teach you how to write and think . tracy ( frown , to the person next to she . ) a '' B . '' that 's so annoying . int . cafeteria . eve Tracy eat by herself . int . mental health office . day Tracy sit in front of a counselor . tracy um , I have trouble with procrastinate . counselor do you ever think of just get you work in on time ? tracy ( hesitates ) yes , I have think of that . I have trouble do it . counselor maybe you want to try a little harder ? tracy ok , thanks . harder ? I x11 try that . ext . riverside park . day Tracy walk alone . int . english CLASS . day professor ( v.o. ) what come to mind when you think of the Renaissance ? int . classroom . day Tracy take note while a Southern girl talk : southern girl I think of the Renaissance as be very plush , like a lot of velvet inlaid with jewel , brocade , that kind of thing . professor thank you ... I be actually ask about literature , but that be very nice . Tracy burst out laugh . int . dorm hallway . night Tracy be kind of '' dress '' for a party . there be a bunch of drunk teenager around . she see a friendly look girl : tracy be the party at the end of the hall ? friendly looking girl do you get a invitation ? tracy no ... friendly looking girl then no . other girl she 's be a bitch . yes , it 's down the hall . the friendly look girl hit the other girl and they run away , laugh . Tracy leave the way she come . ext . campus / int . jersey house . night intercut Tracy sit on step . she 's on the phone with she Mom . tracy I could be anywhere . it do not even feel like New York . and by try to participate I be somehow fitting in even less . her Mom move through the kitchen , clean , put thing away . mom be not you meeting friend in class ? tracy Mom , nobody meet friend in class . mom oh , okay . I do not know . tracy you know the feel of be at a party where you do not know anybody ? it 's like that the whole time . mom that sound uncomfortable . tracy and I can not go to bar . mom do not go to bar . oh , do you get my email with the read - do you like it ? tracy I like it . I think there be a darker element to what Shakespeare be say but I like it . mom good . you brother be go to be play guitar with you while you do it - be that okay ? tracy I like David 's guitar play . mom ( happily ) he 's get good , right ? I be so excited ! it 's Thanksgiving weekend so we will have a build - in rehearsal dinner on Thursday at the house . it will be the first time the two family be all in the same room . Randy , Jim 's sister -- tracy right . mom she 's go to make a fig and there 's a fish ... and it 's on cracker . that 's one thing . tracy mmm . mom we be go to move all the furniture out of the live room and we change the lyric to finiculi finicula . we do the same thing at izzy 's 100th but izzy will not be there so it 'il feel fresh . ( exhaling , playful ) oh , trace ... tracy ( playful back ) oh , stevie . mom you know , I be very unhappy for a very long time . but I be so glad you dad and I stay together until you and you brother be out of school . tracy I be not out of school . you break up when I be a junior in high school . mom on you way out of the home ... tracy I love you Mom , do not be worried . mom I know , honey . so after you do that , brooke will read a poem she 's write . I do not think she brother be do anything - which hurt my feeling , but I be try to be okay with it . ( have a idea ) you should call brooke . she 's in New York , you know . tracy I be so bad at call people I do not know . mom I hear she 's fun . tracy she 's like thirty live in New York with a life , she do not need to hear from a eighteen year old she 's tenuously connect to . I would be like why do I want to hang out with you ? mom she 's go to be you sister , that do not sound tenuous to I . and you have plenty to talk about - you be both do reading at we wedding . tracy aces. mom you be not sarcastic do not pretend to be . tracy okay . int . classroom . day we hear a student , nicolette , make a point : nicolette nothing be higher than the law . that 's the whole point - Antigone think she 's above the law but she 's not - like a celebrity ina car crash or something . Tracy be asleep at the seminar table . her head hang heavily to one side . voice psst . hey . Tracy 's head jerk up and she open she sleepy eye . a boy , tony lean over from two chair away . tony you be asleep . tracy ( wiping drool from she chin ) oh ... thanks . Tracy sit up straighter . she try to focus on the discussion . her eye fall heavy and shut . she 's asleep again . int . hallway . after CLASS tony carry a briefcase . Tracy , decide to make she fate better , walk up to he . tracy that be really nice of you ... waking I up . tony ( smile ) it take a lot of moxie to fall asleep in a twelve person class . tracy thanks . I like moxie . tony I get it . it 's like I be so grateful to be here , but why be my parent take out loan for I to listen to that 18 - year - old asshole talk ? Tracy laugh . tracy loan everywhere . tony I be go go get freeze yogurt , want to come ? tracy yes but ... well , I have to get somewhere by five . tony where ? tracy um , it 's embarrassing . tony what be it ? tracy I be submit a story to the mobius literary Society . I have to print it . ( more ) tracy ( cont 'd ) they only take hard copy which be a kind of pretension I can get behind . tony get out of town sister ! I already give mine ! do you know how you find out if you be in it ? tracy they say they have post a list - tony no . the only people who check the list be people who do not get in - they come wake we up at night in we room and put pie in we face and then bring we out into the quad and make we sing and stuff . tracy ( smile at the think ) yeah . int . some hallway . day Tracy walk down to a door with mobius on the glass . there 's a box outside with submission write underneath it . a guy in a sweater vest sit cross legge on the ground play jack stare at she . she fish into she messenger bag and put a story in the box . she hurry away . int . tracy 's dorm room . night Tracy lie awake in bed . we hear yell in the hallway outside she door . footstep come close to she door . a shadow underneath . she tense in great anticipation . the footstep and chatter continue down the hall . Tracy get up and open she door . int . dorm hallway . night the hall be empty . bit of pie and crust on the floor . another door open at the end of the hall . a tiny girl look out . she and Tracy meet eye . tiny girl fuck . the tiny girl retreat into she room . Tracy do the same . int . tony 's room . day tony sit on he bed and Tracy sit on the floor . drink screwdriver . tony they be self - elect douche bag . tracy I know , but I want to be one of they . I could die then . tony yeah , I too . both I want to be in and I could also then die . tracy I hear they serve wine and cheese and they all carry breifcase . tony I know , when I have my tour here , the guide be one of they and that 's why I want to come here . tracy I hear the pie stuff all night . tony they get the guy next door . he do not even look like a writer . 10 . they both tony indicate a breifcase from the floor . Tracy see this . tracy I be so sorry . tony do you want to trade storey ? tracy sure . time CUT they both silently read each other 's storey . they steal glance at one another . time CUT tony I like it ! 11 . tracy thanks - I like yours too . tony so do you want note ? tracy oh , be we - sure ... tony okay , I think the middle part sound really fake . tracy okay . tony it 's just my impression . tracy I ‘’1l work on that . tony do you have any note for I ? tracy um ... no . tony great . ( think for a second ) I have a car . int . car . dusk Tracy and tony drive in the car . tracy let 's go to the beach . tony I do not want to leave Manhattan . tracy oh , why be we in you car then ? ext . upper manhattan , by the husdon river . night Tracy and tony try to burn he briefcase but it will not catch fire . they chuck it in the water . they smoke a joint and sit on the roof of a car . 12 . tracy we look like we be in a song . int . classroom . day Tracy raise she hand . tracy I think the way aristotle write about ethic and morality be much closer to how most people think about it . less like math , more like a story . int . dorm room . day Tracy , feel better about herself , clean the room and talk to she roommate . tracy I think we should set up a recycle system for we trash . a lot of what we be throw out can be recycle . she trip over something on the floor but recover quickly . tracy and Ruth , I think that fan can go in the closet now , it 's 60 degree out -- int . study abroad office . day Tracy be filing with some exuberance . study abroad woman you seem happy today . tracy I love filing ! it 's satisfy . ext . quad . eve Tracy be run to get somewhere . tony ( 0.s. ) slow down , t! Tracy hit the break . it 's tony . she laugh . but he 's hold nicolette 's hand ( she 's the girl from they class ) . tracy hey. 13 . tony hey . nicolette hey . int . jj' diner . night Tracy sit in a booth by herself eat mozzarella stick . she look at she phone . make a call . her mother 's voice mail . she hang up . she scroll to : brooke cardinas she quickly press that name ... female voice message you have reach brooke cardina . leave you name and number and I will get back to you at my earliest convenience . Tracy hang up on the beep . she dip a mozzarella stick in the red sauce and shove it into she mouth . her phone ring . she 's startle . tracy hello ? brooke hi , this brooke cardina . I just get a miss call from this number . tracy oh ... sorry . hi ... this be Tracy fishko , um , my mom be marrying you dad ? brooke you be read the sonnet . tracy right ! we be do Thanksgiving and then wedding together ... um , I go to college in the city . my mom say I should call you . brooke have you eat ? do you want to hang out ? 14 . tracy ( look at she near - finish plate ) no , I have not . ok . brooke well , do you know where Times Square be ? ext . time square . night Tracy cross the crowded street . brooke be at the top of the tkt step . she attempt to walk elegantly down the step . it 's a entrance . brooke ( awkwardly grand ) welcome to the great White Way . she still have not finish walk the step . it take a second . Tracy hold a smile . finally , brooke be there : tracy Times Square be so crazy . brooke be not it ? tracy I do not know anyone who life here . brooke your truly . I get off the bus from Jersey I think this be the cool place to live . it 's mother fuck Times Square . int . taxi . later brooke light a cigarette , take a long drag , pass it to Tracy . brooke why do you live in New York again ? tracy College - I go to barnard - it 's all woman uptown - well , '' historically '' and kind of actually . but there be boy in my class and stuff . from Columbia . 15 . brooke you gay ? tracy no . the Columbia girl do they best to make we feel inferior . which it 's like '' I already do . '' brooke that 's stupid . do not feel inferior . tracy you be right , that be stupid . it 's the best someone have make she feel in a long time or maybe ever . int . backstage at a music club . night brooke , wear a orange VIP sticker on she suede jacket , affix a identical sticker to Tracy 's shirt . brooke I do not go to college . tracy oh . ok . brooke I be a autodidact . do you know what that mean ? tracy yes . brooke that word be one of the thing I self - teach myself . CUT to : brooke be pull up onstage to sing , she try to act like she do not want to and then do it . when she dance while she sing it 's a person who be pretend to be free . ext . bar . night brooke , Tracy and member of the band enter one of that secret bar , through the back of a pizza shop . int . secret bar . night Tracy drink a fancy cocktail . 16 . tracy it have mint ! CUT to : brooke and Tracy dance with the guy . brooke ( dance ) what 's go on at college ? tracy ( also dance ) I do not know , everyone 's really excited about the freeze yogurt machine in the student center . brooke I watch my mother die . tracy what ? brooke I be with my mother while she die . tracy I do not know any dead people . brooke that 's cool about the freeze yogurt machine . everyone I love die . int . williamsburg party . night brooke and Tracy enter some party in williamsburg . the hostess hug brooke . woman I hear you be open a restaurant !? wtf ?! int . williamsburg bedroom . night brooke and Tracy be in a closet - brooke be go through it while Tracy watch she . brooke this bitch steal my favorite pants - they be in here somewhere - she think I do not know but I know everything . they be red . 17 . tracy ( vaguely ) I 'il look here . Tracy start go through the closet . brooke people be always take my shit . my ex - friend and nemesis , mamie - Claire , steal my idea and my fiance . tracy shit . brooke she take this T-shirt idea that I have , start a company fuck sell it to J. Crew so there be that . she 's one of that people who do not have any good idea for she own life so she just steal all of mine . and then she literally steal my cat . tracy what be the t-shirt ? brooke just really hard look flower . tracy oh my God ! I buy one of that T - shirt ! brooke yeah , flower with like skull and shit . dagger . tracy that 's a great one . brooke my fiance , Dylan , be super sexy . and so rich . but I be not go to marry he . tracy so ...wait , you break up with Dylan ? I think she steal he ? brooke and I never look back . he cry so hard . like , whiney . 18 . she do a impression : brooke '' where be you go ? '' ( back to herself ) I be be real , but mamie - Claire then go and marries he . they live in greenwich , Connecticut in some big gross house . do you know that place ? tracy yeah , greenwich , grossville . brooke right ? live off of he rich and my T-shirt idea . tracy ( instant disciple ) I hate they . brooke I actually pity they . they have no more dream . Tracy hold up a pair of red pants , triumphant . tracy this ?! brooke I want to marry you ! she grab the pants , stuff they in she purse and then get out of the closet . int . williamsburg party . night brooke make out with nate , the singer . Tracy be try not to watch . another band member take a picture on he iphone . brooke must we all document ourselves all the time ? must we ?! int . veselka . late night Tracy and brooke eat pierogis in the mostly empty diner . tracy be he you boyfriend ? the bassist ? 19 . brooke nate ? no ! my beau , stavros , be in Greece right now . betting against the country or something gross . do not tell anyone that . tracy ( dead serious ) I will not . I be good at keep secret . you will learn that about I . brooke he 's one of that people I hate except I be in love with he . I have be to a Greek Orthodox Easter and I could totally see myself get marry in that kind of church . she knock she head for wood . brooke you get a honey ? tracy Nah , there 's this one guy , we get reject together ... but he 's get a girlfriend . brooke they all have girlfriend . tracy actually I think he meet I and then he get a girlfriend . ( pause ) this summer , at my job , one guy just suck on my boob all night . brooke ( think aloud ) my restaurant should do a pierogi . Fusion pierogi . you like yours ? tracy ( nod , stuff a pierogi in she mouth ) this be my second dinner . brooke take out she phone and type something . brooke ( put she phone back ) just a quick tweet on twitter . ( more ) 20 . brooke ( cont 'd ) I be very into social media . you have to market yourself . if you do not know what you be sell , no one will know how to buy it . tracy what be you sell ? brooke so many thing . I do not tweet all of it . like here be two idea that be not on the internet . if I do a cabaret , it would be call '' High standards '' and I would sing all the standard . tracy would you sing they in a higher pitch ? brooke no , it would not be about - it 's about principle , that kind of high standard - like one of that '' string of pearl that 's why I ’ma single gal '' kind of show . tracy that 's clever . brooke the second idea be a television show , which I have read be the new novel , about a woman who be a government worker by day and a self - invent super hero by night , but like the essence of america . it 'il be it 's own mythology . I think maybe it 's 1ll be call mistress America . tracy that sound like she 's America 's girl on the side . brooke hey , I do not know , okay , I be not positive , this be just some idea . tracy I too ! I be sorry , I do not know anything , I be just throw something out there . 21 . they both laugh . brooke ( a idea ) we need a sleep - over party . int . brooke's apartment . night book pile on the floor . lot of drawing pin to the wall . one frame piece of real art . brooke this apartment be technically zone commercial but that 's fake . tracy it 's so stylish . brooke fuck , I know , I freelance as a interior decorator . you know the bowery Hotel ? tracy oh my God , yeah . brooke well , if you walk about a block south . there 's a laser hair removal center that 's very hip . I do the wait room . tracy cool . brooke I know . brooke I be leave here in January anyway , move to the East side if you can believe it . that 's where stavros life . I be go to redo he place too . brooke flop on she bed . Tracy lie on the couch . tracy I want to write short storey . brooke oh , I too ! not short storey , though . tracy but I get reject by the lit Society . I be so suggestible , like because I get reject I think I can not be a writer . brooke why do not you make you own lit Society ? tracy I wish . mobius be a big deal at school . brooke you have get other storey . tracy ( smile ) maybe I 'il write something else and resubmit . ( fall asleep , eye close ) that be really funny when we be doctor . brooke yeah , I need to cut all the negative people out of my life . I just be not bring up that way . tracy thank you brooke . brooke you be welcome baby Tracy . int . brooke 's apartment . next morning brooke be on the phone with stavros : brooke my sweetheart I miss you so much - I can not wait for you to see the chair I have pick out - we start renovation Monday ! it 's so exciting . I have be go there just to sit in the mess I love it so much . Tracy wake up a little with the noise . 23 . brooke right . do you see the lease it be 400 page ! I wish you would just come home already so I can suck you dick in we new restaurant ! she pad into the kitchen . brooke ( to Tracy ) can you start the coffee , please ? tracy ( look at the coffee maker ) I do not know how ... brooke ( a little sharply ) yes , you do . do not be incompetent . if you spend two second with a coffee maker you would figure it out . you just be not try hard enough . brooke retreat into the hall , still talk to she boyfriend . tracy um , where be you go . brooke duh communal bathroom do you want to watch ? ( to the phone ) be you still there ? tracy sorry . be you ... mad at I ? brooke ( 0.s. ) no ! CUT to : Tracy and brooke drink coffee at she table / desk . brooke we have four investor include I . I be what you call a principal investor . stavros be put in my share - but I insisted that it be my asset on the line because I want he to know I have skin in the game . i’11 pay he back of course once we start make a profit . 24 . tracy we never go to restaurant grow up - it be not part of we life . brooke ( immediately offended ) that 's a shitty thing to say to I . tracy I do not mean - I know people will come to yours . ( try to contextualize ) it 's so weird to think that every restaurant I see be the result of some person go '' I think I want to start a restaurant . '' brooke that 's not weird . that 's everything . Tracy start to write something down in a notebook . brooke be curious : brooke what be you do ? tracy I be actually ... it 's embarrassing . brooke what ? tracy I be write down what I say . brooke you be note yourself ? tracy yeah ... I guess so . brooke I have notice something about myself that would make a good character in a story . tracy oh yeah ? 25 . brooke but I be go to save it in case I want to use it in something I write . ext . time square . morning the commercial street have that peculiar weekend morning vibe . Tracy be in she outfit from the night before . brooke be in full workout clothes . brooke High five , sister . that be a amazing night . tracy yeah , it be ... ( blurt it out ) the best of my life . brooke ( look at she phone ) I gotta go . brooke abruptly hug she and leave . Tracy watch she go for one second and then also turn to go . she 's disappointed but she do not know why . int . tracy 's dorm room . morning Tracy enter and go right to she computer . Tracy be type very quickly , still in she jacket , she bag still on she shoulder . she hesitates , try to remember something . tracy what do she ... say ? talk while she type . tracy right ! '' he 's one of that people that I hate except I be in love with he . '' RUTH ( still sleep ) shut up please . CUT to : brooke cardina be type into a Google search . 26 . tracy ( v.o. ) meadow deriggi live exactly how a young woman should live who want to spend she youth well . CUT to : brooke 's twitter page . random photo of brooke . tracy ( v.o. ) she do everything and nothing and spend time like I always mean to - purposefully . close on Tracy 's short story . close on a Society page photo . close on brooke 's soul cycle teacher bio . ext. / int . pizza parlor . night Tracy try to go to the secret bar , can not get in . tracy ( v.o. ) her beauty be that rare kind that make you want to look more like yourself not like she . ext . / int . music club . night Tracy get in , but it 's not a good band and there be not a lot of people there . tracy ( v.o. ) she sing with the band and know everyone and do not owe anyone anything and could not pay up even if she do . ext . downtown STREET . night Tracy see a blonde in red pants . she brighten . as she get closer , it 's not brooke . tracy ( v.o. ) be around meadow be like be in New York City - it make you want to find life , not hide from it . tracy ( embarrassed ) sorry . 27 . woman in red pant that 's ok . int . college library . day tony and nicolette and Tracy sit at a study table . tony where be you last night , do you get my text ? nicolette you text she ? you texted she ? tony about work . tracy I go to check out this downtown band at this downtown bar . two freshmen girl approach . girl # 1 do you guy know how long you 'il need this table ? tracy a long time , dude . girl # 2 ( sigh ) Fine . they leave . tony who be you with ? tracy myself . nicolette ( to tony ) when you say you be check the score , be you texting she ? be you sexting ? tracy it 's a place my sister show I . tony you do not have a sister . 28 . tracy I do . or I will . when my mom get marry at Thanksgiving . nicolette why do not you just text she a picture of you ball . tony nicolette ! Tracy smooth over some staple page from she bag . we see the title : mistress America . tony what 's that ? tracy it 's a new story I write . I be go to resubmit to the lit Society . tony wait , you write another one already ? you print it on onion skin ? tracy you can read it if you want . here -- she hand he a copy - he look at it . tony ( to nicolette ) Tracy write about fighter pilot . tracy I be past that stuff now . this one be more autobiographical documentary . tony ok . I would totally give you note . tracy no , I do not want note -- but I think about it and I actually do have note for you . tony oh...sure. 29 . tracy you write like you be imitate someone who be free and wild and it be so weird because you be not at all and it make I uncomfortable and I think it would make everyone uncomfortable . and also , stop try to be funny because you be not funny so it just add to the awkwardness . and it could be 30 % short , easy . tony ( unsure ) ok . thanks . Tracy get up and leave . pass the freshmen girl . tracy it 's open , bitch . they do not need it anymore . int . some hallway . day Tracy return to the door with mobius on the glass . the same guy in a sweater vest be whittling a piece of wood . he blow on it as he whittles . Tracy place she story in the submission box . she hurry away . int . soul cycle studio . day brooke be in the front of the classroom , on a bike with a headphone and a bandana . Tracy enter , wear jeans and a button down . brooke smile . brooke ( too loudly ) hey baby Tracy ! brooke indicate a bike with a nod of she head . Tracy shake she head emphatically : no. brooke nod , yes . CUT to : Tracy be on a bike sweat a uncomfortable amount . brooke ( to she cycle class ) how you do anything be how you do everything am I right ?! ( and now in a low voice ) I know not enough people have tell you that you be amazing . I know that that 's true . 30 . everyone love she , she 's sort of great as a cycle instructor . int . cycling studio . afterward Tracy be really sweaty , still . brooke you do great ! tracy I feel like I just go swim in my clothes . brooke I be glad you come . tracy you be ?! brooke shit , I have to shower and change , I be late for a appointment . int . salon . day brooke get she hair blow out - Tracy sit beside she and look at brooke in the mirror . tracy this air conditioning be make I freezing . ext . midtown STREET . day brooke , in a conservative blouse and suit , pearl earring , heel , hold a briefcase walk with Tracy in she jeans . she tower over she . ( Midnight cowboy shot . ) ext / int . midtown restaurant . day they stop outside the restaurant . brooke be suddenly very nervous . she smooth down she blouse , she hair . brooke ( pull down the side of she skirt ) God , I be pack into this pencil skirt . how do I look ? tracy you look beautiful . 31 . brooke but do I look professional ? ( pause ) I get really nervous with the investor . I be usually fine with wealthy people , it 's just when I need something from they . tracy no , it 's the opposite - they need you and you restaurant . brooke stavros usually do this stuff . maybe I should not do it . I be not good at it . tracy ( sincerely ) I think you can do anything . everything . brooke nod . brooke right . kind and fearless . she go inside . CUT to : Tracy watch through the window . brooke sit amongst three man in suit and another powerful look woman in a suit . she make they laugh . CUT to : brooke meet Tracy outside . brooke look relieved . brooke it 's amazing how much of business be just state the same thing over and over again . tracy you body language look very self - confident . brooke thanks . you make I feel really ... smart . Tracy beam . brooke wanna see it ? 32 . int . empty restaurant space , brooklyn . day brooke show Tracy the space . during the scene , brooke be change out of she '' lawyer outfit '' into she '' tutoring outfit '' - skinny jeans , T-shirt and converse . brooke ( gesture ) the front part would be like a shop during the day - like a general store or a really nice bodega - candy from Europe - on Monday we start demo and we open in April . she knock she head for '' wood . '' she lead Tracy through the back - brooke we would also have cooking class . maybe cut hair . it would be like a community center and restaurant and store all in one . it would be the place that you would , like , love to be . I wish I have something like this when I be grow up . tracy yeah , suburban New Jersey be not great with this kind of stuff . brooke each plate would be different . let I show you . tracy can I be a waitress here ? brooke open a box . brooke see ! look at all this plate ! tracy ( take in the whole thing ) Holy shit you have a lot of plate . brooke I start collect they so long ago - I do not know why and now I have a why ! Tracy 's be touch all of they . 33 . tracy this be go to be a great restaurant . brooke I know ! tracy be you go to cook , too ? brooke ( shake she head ) i‘1l help create the menu and pitch in when need . I be not train , but I be a enthusiastic home cook . I always use to cook with my Mom . that 's the name of the restaurant . Mom 's . possessive . tracy ( try it out ) '' let 's go to Mom 's for dinner . '' yeah , it totally work . ( try again ) can I be a waitress here ? brooke I want the whole deal - I want the dead -on-my-feet - wake - up - and - I be - forty . I have spend my whole life chase after thing and knock at door and I be tired of run towards people . I want to be the place that people come to . I want to make a home for all the knocker and runner - I be good at that . I be happy with that . I keep the hearth . that 's a word , right ? hearth ? ext . brooklyn apartment . later brooke be go in to tutor . the final thing she do be put on she fake glass . brooke do not I look like a cute smart graduate student ? tracy yeah ! 34 . brooke I tutor junior high because I do not get high enough sat score to do sat tutoring , but you make way more money do sat . so , I be take the sat 's again so I can make inroad into that racket . tracy I have always be a good test taker . brooke none of this will be necessary when the restaurant be up and run , but I be good that way , curate my employment . brooke be rifling through she purse . tracy so , um , should I - just wait here or ... brooke oh ! I think you have to go back to school . tracy right . I should .... brooke do you want to stay ? tracy I mean , if you do not mind ... brooke yeah , I have invite you in but Peggy 's Mom just get institutionalized for bi-polar disorder and shit 's pretty real upstairs . tutor be like 60 % middle school math and 40 % I know too much about they . tracy that 's okay , then , I ’1ll just go - brooke hand she key , not listen to she . brooke you remember where my apartment be , go there . 35 . tracy ( thrilled ) seriously ? brooke and pick up some pasta , I x11 cook . tracy what kind of -- but brooke be ringing the bell . int . subway . day Tracy excitedly look at the key in she hand , smile . tracy ( v.o. ) ( into answer machine ) Mom - hey - be you there ? shit . int . grocery store . day Tracy stand in the pasta aisle , look at all the different brand of pastas . she pick one up and then another . she 's on the phone . tracy ( leave message ) I just want to know - what kind of pasta would you buy if you want to buy a nice pasta ? - like the brand ? if you get this can you call I back right away ? she hang up . CUT to : Tracy be on the phone with tony , scan the brand . tracy this one be like bowty ? get that ? CUT to : tony and nicolette together in he bed . nicolette be angry . tony ( on the phone ) do they have regular spaghetti ? tracy be that pasta the same way as the other ? 36 . nicolette ( to tony ) be this some sex game ? tony ( cover the phone ) no ! we be actually talk about pasta . tracy hello ? tony yes. nicolette ( sullen ) why do not you just put pasta up she pussy ? tony nicolette ! seriously ! CUT to : Tracy still in the store . tracy I 'il get that and I will get the bowty . and there 's shell -- int . brooklyn apartment . same time brooke be sit with a thirteen year old girl , work on a set of pre-algebra problem . brooke X can be anything , any number , that be what 's crazy about x. peggy then why be not it just a number . brooke because X do not roll like that , because X can not be pin down ! it can be anything and we have to figure out what it be - crazy bastard . Peggy giggle and start write . peggy maybe you could spend the night ? 37 . brooke oh , honey , I be sorry . I be math only . int . brooke 's apartment . late afternoon Tracy unpack a enormous amount of pasta onto the counter . tracy ( v.0o . ) I remember look across the river at the unblink light of Manhattan apartment , wonder who live there . she touch item , look at thing , take note . take a tiny airplane and put it in she pocket . flip through some sat prep book . tracy ( v.o. ) I be part of it now , on the fifth floor , in a temporary commercial apartment . there be we castle . we fortress . yes ! this be how I imagine it would be : college , New York , my whole entire life . brooke cook while Tracy watch she and hand she thing . tracy ( v.0o . ) but outside the window I could hear the hot sound of jackhammer take the city apart . brooke and Tracy eat spaghetti carbonara . tracy ( v.o. ) in New York neighborhood change as quickly as the weather . or maybe it 's the other way around . ext . time square . night Tracy and brooke walk together arm and arm . tracy ( v.o. ) but I could not warn meadow . by the time I notice it , it be already too late . 38 . int . bar . night it 's a bar bar , they be there to get drunk . or at least brooke be . brooke look at something on she phone . laugh . hold it out for Tracy . brooke nate drop a gram on instagram . that mean a picture . Tracy smile but less assuredly . tracy it 's you guy kissing . brooke it 's already get eighty like . all he other recent picture have like fifty like . the extra thirty must be because of I . tracy it look like a really stylish breathmint ad . brooke I know ! Bob 's a real shutterbug . he make he own app . ( to the bartender ) put it on ... ( very consider ) ... this card . tracy ( to the bartender ) do this two drink earn I another free hot dog ? the bartender nod , hand she a hotdog . brooke ( have : the drink ) Drop it in the glass and chug it . I would love to get into the app business . I think my dad meet you Mom on the internet . tracy yeah , on a free dating website . they do not even pay . brooke Gross . but also I guess it 's pro forma now ? ( more ) 39 . brooke ( cont 'd ) ( Tracy nod ) my dad 's so strange . I be sure he 's make she convert to Catholicism , right ? tracy yeah ! what 's that about ? brooke he 's real Catholic now . it 's so boring , but it happen when my mom get sick . she be never that into it . he 's a geologist . tracy I know . I have never meet a geologist before . brooke it 's weird that someone who study rock can be really into Jesus . tracy what do you Mom do ? brooke she be a special education teacher . tracy that 's so nice . brooke she be really good at it . I still do not like retarded joke . wanna see a picture of she ? she hand Tracy she phone . Tracy smile . tracy she do not look like you but she have you expression , you know ? a woman around brooke 's age approach : anna hi - brooke ( look up ) hello. 40 . anna hi , I do not know if you remember I , we go to high school together ? Anna wheeler . brooke oh yeah ! anna I be in the chorus of anything go . brooke Holy shit ! yeah ! what be you do in the city ? you live here ? anna no , I be in tenafly . my fiance and I go to go see a show . brooke which one ? anna other Desert city . brooke oh , that 's a piece of shit . and the girl who replace the lead be awful . ( to Tracy ) I use to run around with she . well , she be older , be older . anna we love it . brooke let I buy you guy a drink what be you drink ? anna you know , that 's okay - ( gather herself ) I just want to tell you because I never have the courage to do it when I be actually in high school - you really hurt my feeling . brooke ( laugh ) what ? 41 . anna you do not remember ? brooke no ! what do I do ? anna that thing : '' yep , bitter '' ? brooke ( still genial ) I do not know what the fuck you be talk about ! I always like you . anna you and you friend abe - brooke abe ! Tracy hork she hot dog . anna you guy use to do this thing where you have walk up to I and touch my skin and then like taste it and think for a minute and then say '' yep , bitter . '' and then laugh . brooke right ! we do do that , do not we ? we be weird . anna I be stand right there , every single time you do it . it be really mean , and I just want to say - fuck you . brooke whoa . whoa . anna the way you treat I really mess I up for a long time . brooke everyone be a asshole in high school ! anna you make a lot of people feel bad . not just I . 42 . brooke I feel sorry for the thirteen year old girl that be you but I be not sorry for you now . anna we be seventeen . brooke if I be thirteen I would apologize to you but see as both of we be ... in we twenty . I do not see the need . anna I just turn thirty . brooke happy birthday . anna thank you . brooke you be welcome . anna you be a bitch . brooke why ?! you be the one who hang onto a grudge for this fuck long ! do you know I do not even recognize you ? I do not say that to be mean , that 's the way it should be . anna ( tear up ) you be the same . malevolent . brooke you be bitter . that 's probably why it hurt you so much . because it be true . anna ( now cry ) I wish all bad thing on you . brooke ( call after ) I do not on you because I do not care ! and neither should you ! 43 . ext . theater district . later brooke drunk . cold - become and Tracy be wander home . Tracy look really brooke be still furious at the woman . it have turn in the time they be in the bar they coat suddenly not enough . brooke that 's so dramatic ! what a drama queen . ( scoff ) I can not believe she life in fuck tenafly . what be she rich now ? how dare she talk to I that way and be rich ? tracy when I be in junior high , this girl tara podwoski use to pull my hair and call I a cunt hunter . brooke I do not do what that girl say . I just be not bring up that way . I should call abe and see if he remember . brooke pull out she phone . tracy maybe do it later ? brooke ( nod , put the phone away ) yeah . I be so popular in high school but I do not try at all . people just want to be friend with I . I do not even care about that stuff . when someone tell I I be popular I be like '' really ? weird . '' tracy that 's why you be popular . the popular kid never care . I care too much . like if you want to know all the popular kid 's business , ask a unpopular kid . they always know everything . because they be the one who really pay attention . 44 , brooke I be go to shorten that , punch it up , and turn it into a tweet . Tracy throw up . brooke immediately hold she hair back and comfort she . brooke oh no ! do I feed you too much liquor ? tracy I 'il be okay . brooke we should get you a cab . tracy can I ... would it be ok if I sleep over again ? int . apartment hallway . later Tracy lean against the door- jam while brooke try to open the apartment door . tracy I be pretty sure college be suppose to be more fun than I be have . brooke damn it ... tracy I be kind of attractive . brooke argh ... tracy I might be up for another drink . be that crazy ? brooke fuck I ! tracy what ? brooke GOD damn it . tracy what 's happen ? 45 . brooke I fucking don ’t believe this shit mother fucking shit . she kick the door and scream . brooke the goddamn lock be change ! CUT to : brooke and Tracy head down a flight of stair . CUT to : brooke ring a buzzer . a handsome African american answer . nod hello . brooke hey , kareem , can we use you fire escape ? ext . FIRE escape . night brooke climb up to she apartment window in bare - foot . Tracy look up from below , hold brooke 's shoe . brooke shit . I think I leave this window open . tracy I might have close it . brooke why ?! tracy I do not want you to get rob . int . kareem 's apartment . night Tracy and kareem sit on a couch wait . outside on the fire escape brooke be yell on she phone . tracy stavros see a picture of she kissing a musician . ( pause ) stavros be she boyfriend . he tell the super that brooke be live in a commercial space . be you place zone commercial ? kareem yeah . 46 . tracy I hope he do not rat on you . they hear louder shouting from the fire escape . the window open . brooke step inside . her make up be smear . she 's be cry . brooke he 's pull out of the restaurant . int . tracy 's dorm room . night Tracy be on the bed , brooke be on the floor in a makeshift bed . Tracy 's roommate , Ruth , look annoyed and impressed . it 's dark . tracy I hope stavros do not rat out kareem . brooke if I do not have this money ... my partner will bail , they be in because stavros be in . and they can go after my savings , everything ... Rich people will take any excuse not to spend money - you can just see it in they eye that they do not really want to share life with you . tracy Rich people always give out bad Halloween candy . brooke the contractor need 20 thousand on Monday . and then there 's the key fee , that 's fifty - and then there be all this industrial refrigerator come for another fifteen ... I need whatever that equal by Monday . he be in for 200 thousand . oh my fuck god . tracy be not there someone else you can ask to invest ? brooke I already hit up every rich person I know the first time around . this be well think through , Tracy . 47 . tracy I do not know , it 's such a good investment . I have put money in if I have it . brooke ( suspicious ) do you secretly have money ? tracy no . my mom never work and I think my dad be always kind of mad at she for that ... but my parent divorce be way easier than this . brooke ( viciously ) that 's because they stop caring about life just entirely , it 's not the same thing . my Mom die so do not even fuck start with I about you pain . Ruth pipe up : RUTH my uncle die . brooke shut up , RUTH . brooke sit up . brooke I need some answer . tracy ( immediately ) I be come . int . waiting area . night brooke and Tracy be wait on a couch in a apartment . brooke I be go to be worse off now than I be before I start try to achieve stuff . tracy I know what it be to want thing . 48 . brooke no , you do not . you can not really know what it be to want thing until you be at least thirty . and then with each pass year it get more because the want be bigger and the possibility be less . like how each pass year of you life feel faster because it be a smaller portion of you total life . like that but in reverse . everything become pure want . psychic ( 0.s. ) ok , brooke , I be ready ... CUT to : brooke sit in front of a man , 40 's , in he apartment . Tracy be next to brooke look at a chart . psychic Spirit say seek out a old friend . brooke who ? psychic someone who hurt you . brooke just tell I exactly what to do . psychic Spirit say something about fabric . tracy ( suddenly ) it 's you friend - mamie - Claire ? the fabric be the t-shirt ! brooke shoot Tracy a look . psychic and , I see flower . tracy hard look flower ! brooke please , Tracy . ( to the psychic ) mamie - Claire be my enemy . 49 . psychic yes , Spirit say you have unfinish business with this woman . brooke no , no , it 's finish . tell Spirit it 's finish . psychic what happen with mamie-claire ? tracy she totally screw brooke over . she marry she fiance and steal she idea . brooke tracy ! shut up . ( to the psychic ) I never look back . psychic I be see this , yes . I be see ... tree ... tracy you say she life in Connecticut ! there be tree in Connecticut . the psychic look at brooke for affirmation . brooke well , to be fair , there be tree pretty much everywhere . tracy you have to listen to Spirit ! mamie - Claire can give you the money ! hi-ho greenwich ! brooke ( to the psychic ) really ? can we get confirmation ? be Spirit sure of this ? psychic the young one be right . brooke ( be : Tracy ) she 's not that young . ten ... ten to twelve year young , we be contemporary , okay ? psychic you must seek out mamie -claire . brooke I be so annoyed with Spirit . psychic the path be not against you it 's just the path . brooke right . I do not want to be petty ... I just be not bring up that way . she 's my nemesis , but she do owe I . psychic this have be a heavy weight on you . sometimes you have to go back to go front . brooke fuck this parade . I be go to greenwich . tracy we be go . brooke you ready for this , squirt ? it 's go to get ugly . tracy ( smile ) I be ready . brooke great . how be we go to get there ? int . tony 's car . day brooke sit in the back seat with nicolette . Tracy look at she phone and give direction to tony in the front . tony I really do not like to leave Manhattan . tracy ( to tony ) you be go to want to take the merrit Parkway . 51 . brooke I nil bet Dylan be still in love with I . marry mamie - Claire be like buy a cashmere sweater from Old navy . tony look confuse . tracy even if he 's not , this be a great investment . and do not forget she still owe you . brooke it 's win win . because I be sure he still love I . tony ( annoyed ) I be not drive you to Connecticut to break up a marriage . I should be in my room read nichomachean ethic . brooke calm down rich boy . tony I be not rich . brooke yes you be you have a car . tony no , I be not - my dad be a mechanic . he and my uncle have a body shop . I have this car because it be something that he could give I . brooke ( to Tracy ) sorry , I think I offended you boyfriend . nicolette he 's not she boyfriend , he 's mine . '' brooke ( to nicolette ) why be you here ? nicolette because Tracy make tony drive you . 52 . brooke but why do you come ? nicolette I ... I have a bad experience with adultery before . my last boyfriend commit adultery while we be together and I just do not like to let my boyfriend get too far . brooke adultery ? why the fuck do it matter ? you be all eighteen ! where be this old - person morality come from ? there be no '' cheating '' when you be eighteen . you should all be touch each other all the time . CUT to : Tracy zone out . tracy do you ever get that feel when you be on a car trip that you never want to get where you be go . that you never want it to end . everyone be silent , think about it . nicolette reach out to playfully touch tony 's hair . tony freak . tony nicolette ! you scare the fucking shit out of I ! nicolette sit back , piss . tony ( try to make it up ) sweety , it 's ... nice , it 's just I be drive . ext . gas station . day tony fill the tank while nicolette give he a back rub . Tracy stretch she leg . brooke come out of the store eat a slim Jim . brooke ( pass Tracy ) you should be with he , not that goth housewife . 53 . tracy no , he know I , he choose she . brooke only because you let he . you have to chase down the thing you want . tracy ( shrug ) I be just go to let it go . brooke ( consider she ) sometimes I do not know if you be a zen master or a sociopath . tracy I be just normal ! ( take the bait ) I ' 1l give he a back rub he will not soon forget . brooke give she a half hug / squeeze , jokingly . brooke you do not give shit , do you ? I be so glad you be on my team . brooke wander from the car and stretch . Tracy watch . Tracy watch brooke , bent over , brush out she hair from the bottom , fix she makeup . tracy ( v.o . ) but the very thing that have work so well for meadow up until then have start turn and fade . she have no other skill , no other way of deal with the world . in one instant she behavior turn from charming to borderline hysteric . people could feel she failure come . she smell of something rotten . her youth have die and she be drag around the decaye carcass . CUT to : enter greenwich , Connecticut . the house fly by become bigger and bigger . more elegant . this be the wealthy . tracy ( v.o. ) I have somehow become the pallbearer . 54 . tracy I be try to find mamie - Claire 's address . do she have a different last name ? brooke I have a visual memory of it . it 's kind of photographic . tracy oh you have be here ? brooke well , I kind of stalk they once . I be so piss . ext . greenwich , ct . day they all get out of the car . brooke squint . brooke yep , this be it . she start to walk up to the house . everyone follow she . brooke oh we be all go ? okay , we look crazy , but maybe that 's good . the four of they walk up to the house and ring the doorbell . wait . a man answer , forty . 40' man can I help you ? brooke hi , yes , I be wonder - be mamie - Claire or Dylan in ... I be a old friend . 40' man wrong house . brooke oh , which be they house ? I never come here ! I live in New York . 40' man I 'il take you there . the 40 's man lead the way , the four of they troop over to another house , across the big lawn and through some bush and tree . 55 . he walk up to the door , ring the bell . brooke , Tracy , tony and nicolette stand just behind he , out of sight . a woman open the door . it 's mamie - Claire . mamie-claire harold . 40' man what do you think I be do last night ? mamie-claire I do not know harold , watch kiddie porn ? 40' man no ! listen to you and you husband shouting and not sleep . mamie-claire so sorry we interfered with you kiddie-porn . 40' man I be a pediatrician . mamie-claire obviously ! 40' man next time I hear decibel level like I do I be call the cop . that be a promise . he stalk off . 40' man ( annoyed , to brooke ) this be the house . brooke jump out . brooke hello ! mamie-claire what - what be you do here ? who be this people ? 56 . brooke ( present everyone one by one ) Tracy 's Mom be marrying my dad . tony drive . nicolette be jealous . then a lot of unnecessary hand shaking take place . tracy hi , I be Tracy . mamie-claire I be mamie-claire . they shake . nicolette nicolette . mamie-claire mamie-claire . they shake . tony tony - and wait , no do not tell I - mamie - Claire ? mamie - Claire ignore the joke , turn back to brooke . mamie-claire I think we be not speak . brooke right , I want to change that ... and I have something I really need to talk to you and Dylan about ... mamie-claire Dylan be not here . brooke where be he ? mamie-claire ( hesitates ) he volunteer at a retirement community . I be in the middle of ... ( hesitates again ) it 's a thing we do . it 's like a party . brooke that 's okay . 57 . mamie-claire no ... it 's not ... ( get flustered , then clarify firmly ) it 's not for you to say okay , it 's for I to say okay . brooke we will wait in the car . mamie-claire no , that 's weird . brooke people wait in car . mamie-claire ( sigh ) you and you ... '' posse '' can hang out in the kitchen . int . live room . day mamie - Claire lead they past pregnant and just - pregnant woman who discuss faulkner 's '' the hamlet . pregnant woman # 1 I think the way faulkner use language be akin to the way the modernist painter be use paint - explore the reality of word or paint itself - pregnant woman # 2 only faulkner be interested in how that happen while character be actually try to communicate , not just draw attention to the constructedness of the novel . tony ( to himself ) Holy shit that pregnant woman be super-smart . everyone be impressed . int . mamie -claire '’s kitchen . day mamie - Claire put down snack for the '' posse . '' mamie -claire I do not know if you be hungry , but this be for if you be hungry . 58 . tracy this place be amazing . mamie-claire thank you . brooke frown , look around . brooke it 's really fuck nice . mamie-claire thank you . tony would it be ok if we sit in on you discussion ? mamie -claire ( confuse ) yeah , I guess . this week 's book be faulkner 's '' the hamlet . '' follow by a kind of junky biography of derrida , but it 's fun . tony tight . he and nicolette follow mamie - Claire back into the live room . Tracy look at a picture of mamie - Claire on a boat , brooke lean down and whisper to she : brooke apparently , she get recruit by tuft for crew and go but then never do it . I mean , that 's the kind of person she be , just sly and shitty . tracy I would do that if I could . I be not good at sport . brooke yeah , I would too , but it would not be like my character . it would just be something I do . tracy when do that become the same thing ? 59 . brooke I do not know ! CUT to : brooke and Tracy wait in the kitchen . they have eat all the snack . they be bored . brooke look at she phone . brooke I do not know you could change the font set - I hate helvetica . mamie - Claire enter and place plate in the sink . brooke stand immediately . brooke you look amazing . mamie-claire why be all this kid with you ? brooke they be not '' kid . '' if they be kid , we be . tracy ( piping up , to mamie - Claire ) I be a associate and she almost - sister . brooke I really need to talk to you ... mamie -claire okay , how long do you think you will need with I , because - brooke how long will Dylan be '' give back '' at the old folk home ? I have also like to talk to he . mamie-claire we be both very busy , I have a appointment after this ... brooke oh , come on , mamie - Claire , that 's stupid , you be not really busy . mamie-claire yes ! I be ! brooke ( to Tracy ) remember this truth : it 's only people who do not have job and do not have anything to do that be always fuck busy . like what be you do ?! mamie-claire we start a community farm . we have goat . nicolette ( wander in ) goat be more sustainable . they be smaller . tony behind she . brooke than what ? tony cow . pregnant woman # 2 ( poke she head into the kitchen ) um , mamie - Claire ? mamie-claire Excuse I , I have to see my guest out . 60 . tony and nicolette follow mamie - Claire to the kitchen door : tony I want to say goodbye to Karen . nicolette do you have a crush on Karen now ? tony she 's seven month pregnant ! nicolette why do you know that ? live room nicolette and tony be look at a chess set . woman be leave . mamie - Claire be see she pregnant guest out . 61 . tony ( to mamie - Claire ) mamie - Claire , can I and nicolette play with you chess set ? mamie-claire ( confuse by who he even be ) yes . a pregnant woman sit by the door with she bag in she lap . tony everything ok , Karen ? karen yes , I be just wait for my husband . he 's late to pick I up . tony you want to play chess with we ? nicolette ( to tony , want attention ) you have to teach I . karen no , he will be here any minute . she check she phone . clearly nothing . kitchen mamie - Claire come back into the kitchen clean up . brooke sorry , I get start on the wrong foot there - I mean to say , I have be miss you as a friend and ... mamie-claire and ? tracy she have a very exciting business opportunity for you . brooke and I want to bring it to you and Dylan as a peace offer . I really think you be go to want to hear about this ... 62 . mamie-claire the last time I see you you be hide in the bush and then you start incoherently yell at I and my husband about how we have ruin you life and the time before that you be throw up at my wedding . brooke which be why I be bring you this exciting business opportunity ! mamie - Claire go into the dining room . Tracy nod at she , like '' keep go ! '' they follow mamie -claire . brooke I would like to offer you a share in a restaurant I be start . mamie-claire why ? brooke because it be all set up and ready to go and I already have the ability to draw a crowd and it will just be ... perfect . you will love it . so will Dylan . tracy there be lot of other investor . brooke but not so many that it would dilute you investment . mamie-claire so why be you here ? brooke well , there be a slight snafu with one of we people which allow a very covete spot to open up , which I be offer only to you guy ... mamie - Claire consider . mamie -claire it 's not really a good time for I to get involved with a business ... brooke why ? 63 . mamie-claire we be try to have a baby ... karen you will never regret it . mamie-claire thanks , Karen . brooke it 's just money , you do not have to do any of the work , you just get the glory and the profit and the satisfaction of be involved with something awesome . mamie-claire I do not think Dylan would buy into it . we recently lose money purchase taxi cab medallion . brooke I do not want to overstep my bound here but I think you might be wrong - when be he come back ? mamie-claire I really need to focus on have child - this be not part of what I need to focus on . no , just ... can I just say no ? brooke get furious . brooke no , you cannot '' just say no . '' why not ? mamie-claire I do not need a why . brooke the money mean nothing to you ! look at all this shit , this house that patio furniture . you can spare it , you would not even miss it ! tracy and it really would make a profit ! mamie-claire no . you can not make I . 64 . brooke yes , I can because you owe I . tracy ( try to stop she ) um , brooke ... mamie-claire ( evenly ) I do not owe you . brooke for Dylan because that be just skanky but really for the t-shirt - you steal my T-shirt idea and you know it . mamie-claire I do not steal you idea . it be my idea and you be there when I have it . brooke no ! that 's so wrong - I remember like the minute I say '' what if this flower be , like , tough . '' and then we start riffing but I say it first . mamie-claire ( calmly ) no , you do not . brooke scream . brooke you be so annoying when you get calm voice ! brooke storm off into the backyard . stop short when she see two cat . brooke be this my fuck cat ?! mamie-claire they be mine . I pay for they cat surgery so they be mine . brooke do my cat die and you do not tell I ? be this replacement cat ? 65 . mamie-claire no ! they be the same goddamn cat ! brooke stare at the cat hard and then stomp outside . Tracy want to go after she but follow mamie - Claire into the live room . tony and nicolette play chess . the pregnant woman still sit by the door check she phone periodically . tony think hard before a move . he move he rook -- karen if you do that , you knight be vulnerable . tony what ? oh ... thanks . nicolette you take you finger off it , you make the move . mamie - Claire enter . Tracy behind she . tony '' I take my finger off it ? '' who be I play here deep Blue ? he look at Karen for a laugh . do not get it . mamie-claire Karen , come inside , have a glass of wine . karen oh , no , I be fine . he 'il be here . tracy ( indignant to mamie - Claire ) so you deny it ? that you profit from she idea that you steal ? mamie-claire no , I do not deny it . she 's right . the t-shirt be she idea . tracy then why do you just say that ?! mamie-claire I like make she mad . it 's so easy . 66 . tracy you take she idea . that 's not just , mamie - Claire . mamie-claire no , I try to include she . I set up a meeting with people and she never show up . and then she stop speak to I when I and Dylan get marry so I figure I could just go do it . tracy so it 's she fault . mamie-claire no ... she be right that I steal a lot of she life idea . I really be not as creative as she be . but she never would have use they . she have no follow through . tracy so it 's ... no one 's fault . mamie-claire obviously . that 's always true . tracy you know the restaurant be go to be really great . she 's follow through with that . if she 's allow to . Tracy leave to go find brooke . at the chess table : nicolette check . tony wait , what ? no it be not . nicolette ( smile ) check . tony stand , pretend he 's be rational . tony I do not want to play anymore . nicolette oh come on ! 67 . tony I do not feel like play right now . nicolette you can not quit right before I be go to win -- tony I be just not in the mood . people can be not in the mood . mamie - Claire stare at they . mamie-claire I could not be you mother , thank god . tony what be you , thirty ? we be eighteen . you could . twelve year old can have kid . mamie-claire fuck you . karen mamie-claire ! mamie-claire sorry , Karen . ext . backyard . day brooke , still work up , march across the lawn . her phone vibrate . brooke hey dad - what 's up ? I can not really talk right now . dad brooke ... brooke I ' 1l1 call you tomorrow , I be in the middle of something . dad I know you probably do not care -- brooke -- I care about thing ! tear run 68 . dad but I be not get marry . brooke oh , really ? dad no ... we call it off last night . it 's for the best . I do not really know she . brooke yeah . dad she be not commit to the church , either . I think that be all force . brooke sure , sure . dad be you okay ? brooke yes , I just ... you be really not do it ? I think you guy be really symbiotic . be not it a web algorithm that get you together ? she seem amazing . dad you never even meet stevie . brooke through you , I meet she . I do not know , dad . come on ... down brooke 's face . brooke do not just bail . that 's what the cardinase always do , move on to something else . hang in there . dad frankly I be surprised you be so invest in this . believe I , it 's for the best . brooke ( wiping she face ) I have to go . ( more ) 69 . brooke ( cont 'd ) I have a really important business meeting . I love you . dad we can do Thanksgiving at my house if you want - since there will not be a wedding . brooke Nah , I will probably just end up do something depress but young . dad Home be only a bus ride away . brooke be it ? just kid , it be . there be a silence between they for a second . brooke so what do this make I and Tracy ? dad who 's Tracy ? brooke never mind . dad oh , oh , right , she daughter - nothing , I guess . int . mamie -claireas den . day Tracy be look through a old datebook in the de . she pick up a 1970 's subway token and put in she pocket . tracy ( startles ) hello . tony sorry , I do not mean to sneak . tracy ( saucily ) be you stalking I ? tony I leave my backpack in here . I need my migrane pill . 70 . he go to he backpack and get out a pill bottle . he fix himself a scotch and then downs a pill . tracy let I have a sip . she take the glass from he . he look at she . tony how much longer do you think we 'il be here ? tracy I do not know , however long it take . after Dylan come home maybe . tony what be you really try to accomplish here ? tracy ( look around the room ) I be enjoy this really stylish house . when you live in suburbia you have to really like be in you house . tony that 's not what I - what be you do with this whole thing ? nicolette appear in the doorway for a second and then retreat , listen . tracy I want brooke to get she restaurant . I be help out . tony go to he backpack , which be throw on the couch . open it and retrieve the page she have give he . tony I read you story , by the way . ( he hold up the page ) brooke be the woman in you piece . you be collect material . tracy do you like it ? 71 . tony ( evasive ) that 's not what we be talk about . tracy why be you here ? tony ( vaguely ) you need a ride . you force I . Tracy quickly walk over to tony . tracy how do it feel to be force ? tony it feel ...uncomfortable . Tracy put she face close to he . she remove he glass . tracy and how do you feel now ? tony still uncomfortable . Tracy kiss tony passionately on the mouth . nicolette react . tony ( push she off ) that 's not what I want ! tracy it be what you want , but it make you feel like a bad person to want it . tony ( wiping he mouth ) you be act really crazy . I do not like this . he put the story back into he backpack . tracy why can not you say you like my story ? 72 . tony ( upset ) I do not know ! I be jealous ! it 's better than mine ! sheesh ! tracy you want other people to do the thing that you can not so you can blame they . tony you use to be so nice . tracy I be the same . I be just the same in another direction now . tony and Tracy leave . nicolette enter , go to tony 's backpack and take out the story . mamie-claire ( 0.s. ) you're home ! int . mamie -claireas house . day Dylan , a round annoyed - look blonde man , be fix a drink and do dish and mamie Claire be try to really hug he with she face in he neck . dylan I do not like it when you try to force affection onto I . mamie-claire I be just try to hug you . dylan do you have to put you face so close to mine ? mamie-claire it 's nice .... dylan you know how upset I get when I visit the home ... mamie-claire I want you to share it with I . dylan rosella and lorene may not even be alive next time I be there , okay ? ( more ) 73 . dylan ( cont 'd ) just keep you face a little away while I process that . mamie-claire ( pout ) Fine . Dylan look up -- he clock tony , Tracy and Karen , the abandon pregnant woman , at the top of the stair . dylan who be all this people ?! mc , why do you never tell I who be in the house ? karen I wonder if I could have some water . mamie-claire of course , Karen . she go to retrieve a glass . dylan oh , hi Karen , I do not mean you . tony ( reach out he hand ) tony , nice to meet you . beautiful house sir . dylan ( confuse ) thank you . tony have you see a girl about this high - ( demonstrate with he hand ) - that 's my girlfriend . dylan no , uh , there 's more of you ? Tracy step in a little : tracy I be Tracy . dylan ( point at himself ) Dylan . Tracy be a tight name . ( more ) 74 . dylan ( cont 'd ) it 's a name that totally be a name but I do not know anyone actually name Tracy , you know ? tracy I be actually name Tracy . brooke ( 0.s. ) Tracy -- tracy ( turn ) yeah ? brooke enter . Dylan see brooke . dylan brooke . brooke now notice Dylan . brooke hey Dylan . they stand apart almost shyly . mamie -claire brooke 's here with some kindergartner . tracy ( to brooke ) what be you go to say ? brooke ( smile at Dylan ) in a minute . tony have anyone see nicolette ? tracy forget about nicolette for a second . tony stop try to seduce I ! mamie - Claire hand Karen she water . karen thanks , I get a little parched . I think I be sit by a heating duct . mamie -claire ( shove a stool in she direction ) stay here . have a glass of wine . karen no . Ted really should be here soon . mamie-claire Karen ! 75 . Karen sit on the stool . tony look distraught . tony can I have a snack ? stress make I hungry . mamie - Claire gesture to the refrigerator . tony open the freezer and fridge stand in front of it . Dylan consider brooke . mamie - Claire watch . dylan brooke -- I have not see you in a second . brooke I know , right ? dylan what bring you to the burb ? brooke we be -- mamie-claire brooke need money . brooke no , I do not '' need money '' - I come to you with a opportunity . mamie-claire I tell she about the taxi medallion . dylan let I make you a drink . what 's the opportunity ? brooke ( coyly ) it 's a good one . 76 . mamie-claire we be have dinner at the baskin . I be sorry to say it but you guy will have to leave now . tony hold up a chipwich . tony can I have this ? mamie-claire yes ! he leave , eat the chipwich . dylan marty and jiselle can wait . mamie-claire do not you guy park over at harold 's ? dylan ( confuse ) you guy know harold ? how do you know harold ? mamie-claire they do not ! dylan she 's a old friend , she can stay over if she want . we have the room for she and she student . mamie-claire they be not she student . it 's much weirder than that . ( definitively ) I x11 walk you out . mamie - Claire leave through the door toward the live room . no one follow . brooke they be my friend . dylan always run with a young crowd . tracy she 's start a restaurant . 77 . brooke I can not wait to tell you about it . mamie - Claire reenter , realize no one follow . mamie-claire Dylan , let 's not do this . she already lose she shit once . dylan what 's the restaurant ? Dylan start do the dish / load the dishwasher . mamie-claire brooke , this be uncomfortable . Dylan do not want to do this . dylan ( to mamie - Claire ) you do not know what I want . I know you see I a certain way , but I be not just some square . I see nirvana live and this be way before nevermind . tracy ( piping in ) you seem really cool to I . dylan I djed at my college radio station , the 2 am slot . we play mudhoney , superchunk , trip Shakespeare , I mean ... mamie-claire no one want to hear about you glory day in college radio , Dylan , ok . tracy / brooke I do ./ I do . dylan ( back to mamie - Claire ) I play this part for you . I play this guy wear a fleece , but I be not just some asshole bankrol you fitness goal . mamie-claire I have get really into triathalon . 78 . tracy brooke teach cycle . dylan so cool . mamie-claire no , I only like cycle when it 's combine with run and swim . dylan ( to brooke ) why do you think of we ? mamie-claire because we '' owe '' she ! brooke because you be into cool thing . dylan we be ! you guy want to smoke some weed ? he open the freezer . dylan I have some freeze weed . mc , where 's that weed Jason give we ? mamie-claire you have just say '' weed '' like fifteen time . dylan ( head in the freezer ) mc ??? do that kid take my weed !? mamie-claire no ! no one have touch it . it should be next to the chipwich . CUT to : tony knock on the upstairs bathroom door . he 's eat a chipwich . tony be you sick ? nicolette ( 0.s. ) no , I be healthy . tony do not shut I out ! you know how hard that be for I ! 79 . nicolette ( 0.s. ) you sound like you be eat something . tony I have a chipwich for you . nicolette ( 0.s. ) ( soften ) you bring I a chipwich ? tony I can get you another one . bathroom nicolette leave I alone ! nicolette read the story on the sink counter . tracy ( v.o . ) it be clear that the thing that meadow want most in the world - the thing that she want to define she , to absolve she from the struggle of explain herself , to give she a place to put she time and talent - she everything - the restaurant . tony pound on the door . tracy ( v.o . ) it be clear that it would never happen . the most surprising thing be that meadow be actually surprised by it . she could see the whole world with painful accuracy but could not see herself or she fate . tony ( 0.s. ) baby , come out ! kitchen brooke find herself stand next to Karen . tracy ( v.o. ) the most surprising thing be that meadow be actually surprised by it . ( more ) 80 . tracy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and because I be in love with she , I decide I could not see it either . the conversation overlap . brooke I be start a restaurant . karen oh ... I be a attorney . brooke that 's awesome for you . I never go to college . karen that do not have to be a permanent state . you be not a amputee . brooke I know that . karen you can still go to college . dylan ( head still in the freezer ) we will get lift and you will tell we about this venture . Dylan reemerges hold a chipwich . dylan do any of you kid know how to make a apple bong ? mamie-claire ( nearly apoplectic ) nobody know how to make a apple bong ! tony come back : tony I do . dylan ( suspicious ) do you take my herb ? tony no. 81 . dylan I 'il get you a apple . tracy why do not we all sit down somewhere comfortable and listen to what brooke have to say ... dylan yes . you will pitch we . brooke what ? dylan that 's what you do . if someone want something . they pitch . come pitch we on we media stage ! Dylan , Tracy , tony and brooke all troupe down the hall . mamie - Claire hurry behind : dylan we just run apocalypto on blu Ray . stun . stun . I have get very into vinyl . tracy I be into compress mp3 's . just joke . dylan I have a great early mother Love bone ep that would be perfect for this occasion . brooke record be so warm . brooke be suddenly yank out of the line of people , by mamie - Claire who stand in the dark in the guest bathroom : mamie-claire ( intense whisper ) I want you to know that I really love Dylan . I love he blonde hair and he beard . I know you only love he for he money but I love he as a person and I also love he for he money but not in that order . I be commit to be a happier person . do you understand ? she release brooke back out into the hallway . 82 . live room Dylan , mamie - Claire , tony , Karen and Tracy sit on the couch in front of a elevate stage which be usually use to project movie . brooke stand behind a curtain . Tracy press a button and the curtain slowly open . brooke appear before they . brooke back up and kind of get a little presentational about the whole thing . brooke umm , well ... it 's a restaurant , but also like where you cut hair ... ( hesitates ) can I start over ? dylan of course . we be old friend . murmur of '' yes , of course . '' brooke okay , great . she do a weird '' rewind '' type action . everyone stare . brooke I be , that be pretend rewind . like ... then she do it again . brooke ( breath ) so ... it would have big heavy wooden table and chair and ... suddenly a projection of the red FBI warning from a dvd appear across brooke 's body . she hesitates . Dylan pull the remote control from under he body . dylan sorry . he shut off the image . brooke umm ... it would feel like the home everyone wish they have be raise in . it ...it...it...it. 83 . brooke be struggle . Tracy can not help but pipe in from the couch . tracy no one who come there will want to take out they cell phone because it will not feel that way . it would be like take out you cell phone in the wood - totally wrong . dylan it 's so rude . I concur . tracy yeah . it will always feel like fall inside - even on hot summer night with all the window open . brooke loave of bread that people tear off piece . it would be the kind of place where at 2 am the chef and the wait-staff would come out and eat something simple they fix themselves with the remain guest and open a bottle of good wine . tracy ( stand up ) it would be the best of capitalism . what politician pretend they mean when they say '' small business . '' brooke we would resist do too many piece in the Times and stuff because we would want it to stay honest . they would want we to expand and open another one and maybe we eventually would but we would not try to re-create the first one , it would be a totally new thing . and if I ever have kid they would walk there after school and do they homework in a corner table . they have grow up around all this wonderful adult - tracy chef and actor who be waiter - it would be a big funny family and they have never be lonely . silence . 84 . brooke this could all be something you guy share in - you would be they auntie and uncle - part of the life and food . and eventually I would train someone young than myself to run the day to day so I could go up to Maine with my family in the summer and have the kid dive for lobster and everyone would be so warm and happy inside know that in they life they have participate in something that be only good . Tracy be kind of emotional . everyone applaud . Karen be sobbing . tony wow . Dylan walk up to brooke , kissing she on each cheek , pretend to be speechless . dylan ( to the group ) you know , I live in the City for many year . before I start at Goldman , I be teach at baruch and I live in a East Village walk - up . I be the people people make television show about . ( to Tracy ) I be quite beautiful . he take brooke 's hand . mamie - Claire react . take he other hand . they be all hold hand . dylan this be very fuck interesting . brooke really ? dylan ( be : Tracy and brooke ) so , be you both do it ? tracy no , but we be sister and I be -- brooke Tracy be spiritual guidance and waitress . 85 . tracy ( thrilled ) really ? I be not sure you have hear I that time . brooke I hear everything . dylan how much do you need ? brooke it 's 200 total but I calculate we need forty - two point five on Monday . tracy for refrigeration . dylan forty -two point five stack , huh ? tony what be stack ? karen a thousand ? mamie-claire I think '' stack '' mean a hundred . dylan I be pretty sure a stack be a thousand . brooke I think a dime be a thousand . ( cut to the chase ) nevermind , you would do that ? dylan I want to help you . the door bell ring . Karen spring off she stool . karen that 's Ted ! bye everyone . everyone bye. karen ( to brooke ) good luck with you restaurant ! 86 . she hurry out . he start mamie -claire Dylan , this be really something for we to talk about privately . dylan we need fresh drink . for the kitchen . brooke follow . karen ( 0.s. ) umm , mamie - Claire ! can you come here please ? mamie-claire can it wait , Karen ? karen ( 0.s. ) no ! mamie - Claire hesitates , tear between keep and eye of Dylan and go to Karen , and then run to Karen . CUT to : harold be at the door . Karen stand there , confuse . karen it 's not Ted . mamie-claire harold -- harold I be call the cop . you be warn . dylan ( 0.s. ) could the weed be in the garage freezer ? mamie-claire I do not know ! dylan ( 0.s. ) can you check ? mamie-claire ( yell ) I be blow harold so he do not call the cop . JK . I be probably just go to have to go look at he boat collection . 87 . harold ( step inside ) I can not remember the last time I be over here . mamie-claire I do not think you have ever be over here , harold . harold no , when you first move here , I come for a stilted barbecue . mamie-claire that 's when we make a effort . harold well , invite I in now . I want a house tour . live room tony be work on the apple bong with he all - purpose tool , Tracy watch he . tracy you be such a swiss Army knife kind of guy . tony I have to be a better loser . I really love nicolette . tracy she 's angry about the chess game ? tony yeah , I think so . I be mostly in touch with my feminine side but then I guess not though because I do not understand she right now . tracy do you ... do you want to be with I ever ? tony I do not want to get into this ... tracy no , I be not go to kiss you . just a question . tony consider : 88. tony yeah , I like you , but I love nicolette and honestly ... I just never see you that way . tracy why ? tony you seem ... I need someone I can love , not keep up with . tracy ( nodd ) sometimes I really think I be just smarter and better than everyone else . not necessarily with math or science or whether something be east or west but pretty much with everything else . and if I could just figure out my look I would be the most beautiful woman in the world too . tony sometimes I think I be a genius and I wish I could just fast - forward my life to the part where everyone know it . tony hold up the complete apple bong . it 's beautiful . kitchen brooke have follow Dylan into the kitchen , he 's fix a drink . dylan I have to say , I be impressed brooke . it take a lot of moxie to start a restaurant . brooke thanks . dylan you be do it , babe . you be out there , do something besides amass and hoard money . brooke if I could figure out how to amass and hoard money , I would do it . 89 . dylan you could have marry I or a dozen other guy but you want to be you own person . brooke yeah , no , I be over that now . Dylan laugh . he move toward she . she move in . dylan you be funny because you do not know you be funny . brooke I know I be funny . there 's nothing I do not know about myself . that 's why I can not do therapy . they be close now . he push a strand out of she face and behind she ear . brooke be go with it . dylan mc and I see a woman in New Haven . brooke oh ... you guy see a therapist ? like a tune up ? dylan more like a death watch . she 's totally on my side . she basically think mamie - Claire be hold I back and I should just leave she . brooke you couple 's therapist say that ? dylan in so many word . yeah , we be do . brooke ( sadly ) mamie - Claire say you be try to have kid . dylan we have talk about it but we have also talk about break up . brooke oh no , I be sorry -- 90 . dylan no , it 's liberate . I feel great . brooke ( freak out ) yay ... dylan I miss New York , man . I miss you . I look you up periodically on the internet . you look hot as hell in that party picture . brooke take a step back . brooke oh...do I ? which party ? sometimes I look like I have fat arm . he take another step forward . dylan I like fat arm . I be go to help you . brooke ( tearful ) thank you . she hug he . he hold the hug too long . she have to yank herself free . dylan here 's what I be go to do for you . we will take my forty - three stack or dime and pay back the other investor , whatever they be in for thus far . you get a space already ? a lease ? brooke , realize , nod . dylan we will put it up for rent immediately , cool neighborhood ? brooke ( almost inaudible ) williamsburg . dylan oh , come on ! the coolest . yeah , we will turn it over no problem . ( more ) gl . dylan ( cont 'd ) because let 's face it have a restaurant be like have a kid with a drug problem . it 's ...just ... it 's really drain . brooke ( crush ) you be give I money to not start a restaurant ? dylan first of all - I be save you . if you start the restaurant , you have be back here in a year ask for five time this . brooke not if it be successful -- dylan what be the odd ? he push a hair away from she face . he 's close to she now . dylan you be as beautiful as ever . whatever you be do it 's work . brooke no . no , it be not . brooke hesitates . Dylan grin . Tracy enter . tracy do you ever find the pot ? tony just make a beautiful apple bong . dylan we will have to , because some celebrate be in order . ( put he arm around brooke ) I think we may have reach a deal . brooke ( shaking off she disappointment ) yes ... Dylan make a proposition . dylan I be go to give she money immediately . 92 . tracy yay ! mamie-claire ( 0.s. ) you be give she money ? mamie - Claire enter . Dylan take he arm off of brooke . dylan who be at the door ? mamie-claire harold . he 's give himself a tour of the house . dylan where 's Karen ? mamie-claire I do not fuck know . you be give she money ??? this be we decision . not yours . dylan I be not give she 200 grand , do not worry , I be just bail she out of she current situation . Tracy look at brooke . tracy and then for the whole restaurant ? brooke ( try to be brave ) no ... I will not do the restaurant now . it 's just get too crazy . tracy oh . dylan ( to Tracy ) you believe in she , do not you ? Tracy nod . brooke watch she . dylan this be a good result , this be even better than get the restaurant . less financial uncertainty . 93 . brooke he 's right . I think I even feel a little relieved . tracy '' Mom 's '' be not about money . dylan well , I do not think anyone start anything with the dream of not make money . tracy do they not ? mamie-claire why would you give she money ? dylan it 's my money . I make it . I can do what I want with it . just like , you have you T-shirt money , you can do what you want with that . mamie-claire but I ... we be marry . this be we life . brooke look at Tracy . brooke you know what , I appreciate it , Dylan , mamie - Claire , but I be not go to take the money . I / x11 figure something else out . dylan why ? brooke look at mamie-claire . brooke I just be not bring up that way . mamie - Claire smile at she . a unspoken '' thanks . '' Tracy come over to brooke . tracy what will you do ? brooke I will figure it out . I always do . 94 . tracy I be so impressed by you and worried for you at the same time . she hug brooke . tracy I be so glad you be my sister . brooke be about to say something when they hear shout . int . mamie -claireas live room . immediately following Dylan , mamie - Claire , brooke and Tracy enter . nicolette and tony be argue . tony I love you ! nicolette do not lie to my face and stab I in the back butter boy ! tony hey , that 's mean ... she see Tracy . nicolette you be steal my boyfriend ! you be cuckhold I ! she start hit Tracy . harold and Karen enter . nicolette you bitch whore ! brooke guy ! tony ( to brooke ) she just start attack she ! harold ( walk in ) what be it about this house ? everyone scream . mamie-claire please stop it ! brooke help mamie - Claire pull nicolette off Tracy . 95 . nicolette ( still struggle ) she 's steal my boyfriend ! tracy I be not ! tony I resist ! I resist ! brooke chill the fuck out . dylan lady , lady . karen ( be : she stomach ) I do not like shouting around the baby . mamie-claire ( to Karen ) be that a real thing ? tony I be right here , she 's not steal anything ... nicolette it 's not just that ! there 's also this ! the pull a wrinkle stack of papers out of she pants . brooke what the fuck be that ? karen or cursing . nicolette Tracy know what it be . I '’1l give you a hint : it 's onion skin . close on Tracy . nicolette point at she . nicolette ( point she finger ) she 's a homewrecker and a bad person . 96 . tracy ( to brooke ) it 's not you ... it 's just inspire . you make I want to write . mamie-claire this be so nerdy . dylan who would not want to write a story about brooke ? mamie-claire ( vaise she hand ) me. I would not . tony ( to nicolette ) baby , I resist . harold ( settling in , take a seat ) can I get a drink ? pregnant woman # 3 here , have mine . ( give he she wine ) they keep hand I alcohol . brooke ( to Tracy ) you write a story about I ? nicolette ( to brooke ) she hate you - she write mean thing about you . tracy no I do not ! brooke I would like to read it . if it 's about I . dylan I would like to , too . mamie-claire ( to Dylan ) you do not read fiction . 97 . dylan when it 's about my friend I do . tracy ( to brooke ) oh , it 's not really you , but it 's very funny , the character that nicolette and tony misconstrue as you be a very funny character . brooke ( not thrilled with this ) funny ? what do it say ? tracy it 's not funny . it 's just ... it 's not you . nicolette ( to brooke ) do you live in a apartment that 's zone commercial ? brooke hesitates . brooke gimme that story . she snatch it out of nicolette 's hand . CUT to : brooke read with mamie -claire , Karen , harold and Dylan all read over she shoulder . tony and nicolette also hover in the background , read here and there . Tracy watch nervously from across the room . brooke start to turn the page . everyone indicate they be not finish with that page yet . CUT to : brooke turn the final page . she look at Tracy . she be furious . tracy it be not mean to be hurtful - I do not mean to hurt you , brooke . brooke ( shaking with fury ) you do not get to decide what 's hurtful and not hurtful . tracy I can only tell you my intention . 98 . brooke you write this after one night with I ? one ?! tracy I guess so , yeah , it feel longer . brooke you think I be a rotting carcass ? that I be doom to failure ??? tracy no ! it 's fiction that 's why it 's fiction ... brooke so much of this '' fiction '' do not happen this way . Karen , you be a lawyer . I be go to sue you until you have nothing . tracy I be just write from my life ... brooke no , this be not you life ! tracy but I be there that night . brooke no ! I be go to have that night anyway , you never be ! tracy but I do have it though . brooke you join my life - you need a place to go and I invite you in and then you steal my life . you be a leech . a bloodsucker . tracy you love be admire by I , you love it , you love have lesson to impart ... brooke I didn ’t ask for you . Tracy look for support from tony and nicolette. 99 . tracy brooke , you know great play , right ? - how would it have be if Tennessee Williams have not use people he know , there would not be any play , there would not - brooke I don ’t give a shit because I am not a friend of tennessee william . tracy you take something I say and make a tweet about it ! what about that ? brooke that 's different ! you be right there ! you know I be twitter , it be not some sneaky shitty thing - do you want I to credit you ? or no I all just delete it . tracy that 's not the point I be ask you to empathize . brooke it 's my least popular tweet anyway ! tracy stop talk about twitter , it 's so awkward ! brooke you be much more of a asshole than you initially appear . nicolette I agree . brooke ( look again at the story ) and ... you think I have not deal with the pain of my mother 's death ? I deal with it all the time , I talk about it all the time . tracy you talk about it all the time , but you never talk about her . you just throw out that she die and that shut everyone up . ( more ) 100 . tracy ( cont 'd ) you tragedy be you armor in which nothing be ever you fault . brooke look around , desperately wild eye , look for support . brooke please ! please friend ! someone defend I against this monster ! everyone jump on Tracy , agree with brooke , say she 's a dick . karen it 's like you whole generation , it 's all pastiche . mamie - Claire have be write . she finish and calmly join the discussion . mamie-claire the emotional betrayal I can not speak to - tracy I do not '' betray '' she - mamie-claire but I can say that you portray woman terribly . and because of that . mamie - Claire refer to she piece of neatly fold paper . mamie-claire I have prepare some question I would like you to think about . tracy be you fuck kid I ? mamie-claire and I want you to answer this question , not for we satisfaction , but for you own . ( gaze at she paper ) one : do you believe in the woman 's right to choose ? tracy yes , what do that - mamie-claire Excuse I , I be not do . 101 . brooke she 's not do , bitch ! mamie-claire brooke , please . two : what do you think someone who bomb abortion clinic would think of you story ? tracy there be not even a abortion in this story ! brooke no you just portray woman as crazy desperate gold digger ! tracy ( to brooke ) you seem so cool so totally amazing I do not think it would be possible to hurt you ... brooke of course it 's possible , I be the most sensitive person ... mamie-claire to you own feeling . brooke ( wail ) mamie -claire ! mamie-claire sorry , I do not really think that , it 's just something I would have say at one time . karen I have to say , what you do to brooke be f-ed up . tracy Karen , you do not see my side ? karen no , sweetheart . harold you do not have a side you be just wrong . 102 . mamie-claire you must call the lit Society and tell they you be withdraw you essay -- tracy it 's not a essay , it 's a short story . mamie-claire this can not appear in print or online . Karen , will you represent brooke ? karen I be a tax attorney , but ok . mamie-claire will you draw up a contract , please ? karen yes , and in the meantime , I be go to ask you to rewrite the story and give brooke the rewritten story . in 1l give you my email and you can bcc I . nicolette she could just CC you . tony nic 's right , because we would already know that you be get it ... karen sure , CC I . harold ( sympathetically ) Technology can be complicated . dylan I know ! I just learn what '' case sensitive '' mean seriously yesterday . tracy I be not go to do any of this stuff . you be my sister and I love you but I stand by what I do . 103 . brooke guess what , bitch ? my dad be not go to marry you slutty atheist mother so we be not sister . we never will be . we be nothing to each other . mamie - Claire tuck she fold paper into Tracy 's pocket . mamie -claire there be ten question there . all equally important for you to answer . tracy brooke ... but brooke will not look at she . ext . mamie -claireas house . eve Tracy sit alone . she smoke from the apple bong . int . train . morning Tracy ride on the train . she open mamie - Claire 's question . she read they to herself . int . dorm hallway . early morning Tracy open the door to she room . her mom be sit on the bed . she look like she 's be cry . tracy Mom ? mom oh , honey ! Ruth sign I in . CUT to : Tracy 's Mom be cry . Tracy sit next to she on the bed . mom the Catholicism thing have be kind of crazy and he kind of -- I just see a side of he that I do not know before . it 's strange to not really know someone ... tracy oh ... 104 . mom I be sorry , I know you like brooke . he tell I that she worship you , she keep talk about how smart you be , how interesting ... Tracy start cry . she cry mom oh , honey , do not cry , you can still be friend ... tracy I go -- I go through a breakup too . mom you do not tell I you be dating anyone . tracy I know . harder . mom oh my sweet girl . do you want to talk about it ? tracy no , it 's too late now anyway . Mom rub Tracy 's back . mom I know this be crappy timing , but I need to take a vacation , and I get the deposit back for the flower and colleen tell I to come with she family to the Caribbean over Thanksgiving , and trace , I need it . tracy yeah , that sound nice , stevie . mom so you be okay , for Thanksgiving , not come home ? I be sure you father would love to have you ... tracy oh , I do not put that together - yes , I be fine . I will be fine . be you okay ? 105 . mom I be sad . I be very sad . but I 'il be okay . tracy I wish it have work , even though I do not really know he . mom I too , baby Tracy . int . dorm room . night Tracy 's sleep . she look peaceful . we hear a door open , footstep and suddenly a pie be jamme in she face . Tracy scream . and scream . and scream . the member of the mobius lit Club all stop in they track . the boy in the sweater vest say : sweater vest you be in . ext . campus quad . day Tracy walk with the sweater vest Boy . she hold a briefcase . she see tony and nicolette across the path . they see she and then look away . int . library . day close on the mobius literary Journal . Tracy open it up to she story : mistress America by Tracy fishko . she read it again in the magazine . ext . campus . night Tree lighting ceremony . Tracy walk under the light tree . int . psychic waiting area . day Tracy wait . int . psychic 's apartment . day Tracy sit across from the psychic . tracy sometimes I worry that I be a bad person . that I be one of that people who essentially have no conscience . 106 . psychic Spirit say that you need to find you home in yourself . the psychic suddenly take she hand : psychic Spirit say that you have not drop into you body yet . tracy if I be not in my body , where be I ? psychic five foot to the leave and unhappy . ext . hudson river . day Tracy hurl she briefcase into the water . int . office . day Tracy sit in front of the advisor . tracy if a person want to start they own club , how would a person go about it ? advisor well , I think it 's pretty much do for this semester , but you could put in a application for funding for next semester ... int . tony 's dorm room . day a knock on the door . tony answer it . tracy hey , can I come in ? tony ok . Tracy sit on the floor . tracy you go home for Thanksgiving ? tony no , go to Baltimore with nicolette . 107 . tracy oh...nice . tony her dad fries a turkey apparently . you ? tracy Nah . she hand tony a couple of piece of paper . tracy it 's a application . two . tony I do not want to join mobius . I have have enough rejection . tracy it 's not for mobius . I quit the briefcase club . you be right , they be self - appoint douche bag . I be start my own zine and I be not say you be in , but I be say I would be very interested in get you and nicolette 's application . tony stand , he think about this for a moment . tony I will fix we some screwdriver . tracy ok . CUT to : Tracy go by the restaurant . for let. Tracy go to soul cycle , a different instructor . Thanksgiving Day parade . Tracy watch the float alone . int . brooke 's apartment build . hallway . afternoon Tracy knock on a door . kareem , in a tie , answer . kareem hello. 108. tracy hi - I be sorry to bother you on Thanksgiving , but I meet you once - I go through you window ? it be in the middle of the night ... kareem yeah ... tracy I be with brooke . kareem you be she sister , right ? tracy well , I be go to be . do you have a number for she ? the old one be not work ... kareem I do not -- tracy anyway - I be go to ask you : do you know where she go ? kareem indicate for Tracy to follow he . she pass through a cozy apartment . the table be set for the holiday . a couple of kid run through . kareem her front door be still bolt shut . they reach the window . kareem open it . kareem she 's upstairs . ext . FIRE escape . day Tracy climb the fire escape . she get to the top window and look through the glass . the place be mostly empty save for stack box and suitcase . brooke walk into the room and place some book into a box . she wear she red pants . Tracy knock . brooke look up and come to the window . she and Tracy stare at each other through the glass . 109 . tracy ( through the glass ) hi. brooke hi. tracy can I come in ? CUT to : Tracy sit on some box watch brooke move around pack . tracy you be leave ? brooke in a couple of hour . I be go to try my luck out west . tracy you be go today ? on Thanksgiving ? brooke New York be not the New York I use to know . there 's too much construction . maybe LA be my lady . in LA I qualify as well - read . tracy I want to say -- brooke I know you be sorry . tracy I be not really that sorry . brooke you be not ? tracy no. brooke oh then fuck this . brooke open the window again . tracy no , no wait ... ( pause ) I look for you . 110 . brooke I have be around . tracy be you ok ? like , financially ? brooke yeah . mamie - Claire give I what would have be my share of we T - shirt profit . it be just enough to pay off my debt and get out of town . tracy what will you do in LA ? brooke I do not know . I think I be sick . and I do not know if my ailment have a name - it 's just I sit and stare at the internet or the television for long period of time intersperse by try to not do that and then lie about what I have be do . then i’1l get so excited about something that the excitement overwhelm I and I can not sleep or do anything - and then I just be in love with everything but can not figure out how to make myself work in the world . tracy I think I have that too . brooke I wish we live in feudal time when you position in the world could not change . if you be a king or a peasant you have to just be happy with who you be . ( pause ) but ... wait ! brooke look inside a open box . she find a piece of paper and hand it to Tracy . close : sat result . 2200 . tracy you can tutor sat 's now . 111. brooke well , I think I might actually go to college . I be not a amputee . tracy ( confuse ) right . brooke I fill out a couple of application . I write my college essay all about you . tracy ( apprehensive ) really ? brooke oh snap ! no . it 's about my mom . but I have you there . tracy yeah . brooke go into the other room to retrieve more book . brooke ( 0.s. ) I let mamie - Claire and Dylan keep the cat . it 's like , I give thema chance for a better life , better than I could have provide for they . tracy the cat go from steal to give because you change you mind . brooke ( 0.s. ) do not put that in a story . not because I care but because it 's not a very good observation . Tracy see the mobius literary Journal ( the one with she story ) inside a open box . she 's about to say something , but think better of it . brooke reenter and toss book into the box . tracy you know what 's funny ... I be not even do with my first semester of college . 112 . brooke this will not even be you big '' college story . '' tracy I think it ’1ll always be pretty big . brooke hesitates , emotional for a second . she muss Tracy 's hair like a kid . brooke well , thanks for stop by , but I have more pack to do before kareem and I break down the front door . tracy it will be hard for I not to look at New York and think of you somewhere in it . brooke shrug . brooke yeah . Tracy move toward the window . she look back at she friend . tracy hey brooke ... brooke turn around . tracy it 's not go to be as great as what my mom and you dad be plan , but ... do you want to have Thanksgiving with I ? ext / int . veselka . day we watch brooke and Tracy through the window eat pierogis for Thanksgiving . tracy ( v.0o . ) meadow have make rich fat woman less fat and rich stupid kid less stupid and lame rich man less lame . and she want so badly to be on the other side - to be fat and stupid and lame and rich . ( more ) 113 . tracy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but what she could not see most of all , more than she could not see that she be never go to get the restaurant , be that that people be nothing compare to she . they be match to she bonfire . she be the last cowboy - all romance and failure . the world be change and she kind do not have anywhere to go . be a beacon of hope for lesser people be a lonely business . and as brooke and Tracy talk and reminisce and laugh , we CUT to black .