int : below deck on a ocean go ship - night fifty immigrant be pack onto bench along the wall of the small dark room . some eat or talk , but most stare vacantly into space . other sleep curl up among they baggage on the floor . a lamp swinging from the ceiling provide the only light . salvatore luciano eleven year old , and bored as hell after thirty day in this pit , lean against he sleep mother , rosalie , who clutches she seven year old son , bartolo , in she arm . another family huddle together , eat bread and sausage . the Father look up and see salvatore stare . he cut a piece of sausage and toss it to the boy . sausage man ( in italian ) you last taste of Sicily . a middle - aged man of severe bear loom in the doorway . he shout . ANTONIO luciano no ! rosalie luciano stir out of she stupor , as Antonio grab the piece of sausage from he son 's hand . ANTONIO luciano ( in italian ) we be not beggar . with a half - bow , Antonio return the small chunk of meat . the sausage man shrug and take it . salvatore glare at he father . craving revenge , but helpless to get it . rosalie squeeze she son 's hand to calm he . a man stick he head through the door and shout excite man ( in italian ) new york ! you can see the light from the deck ! Antonio 's face light up , as the passenger roar they approval and rush for the door . close - on the kerosine lamp as it list from side to side with the movement of the boat . we pan down to the nearly empty compartment . watch the door , salvatore paw some baggage , find the sausage , and cut himself a healthy piece . he gobbles it down greedily wiping he hand on he shirt as he run for the door . CUT to : int : classroom at p.s. # 34 - day a raucous band of second - grader settle in as the bell ring . salvatore appear at the door , bewilder . he tower over kid five year he junior . the male teacher call he over . teacher come on . come on . as the classroom buzze , sal move uncertainly toward the front . something must be wrong . they can not be put he in with this baby . the teacher take he papers . teacher sit in the back . salvatore look around , not understanding . salvatore ( in italian ) there be some mistake . teacher ( mock ) back . you know " back " ? sal 's face redden as the teacher slap he too heartily on the back . a little girl giggle . the teacher thump sal 's chest , then he back again . teacher Front . back . the student squeal they approval of the comic performance . sal do not know what the hell be go on here , except that he want to slug this jerk . the teacher shove sal down the aisle . teacher sit in the back . sal spin around and smack the teacher full across the face , then bolt for the door . CUT to : ext : mulberry STREET - day look over he shoulder as he run down the street , sal slow as he realize he 's not be pursue . the vendor on the sidewalk bargain vigorously in yiddish , italian , and English . sal stop as a italian laborer , stand in front of a roulette wheel , shout in triumph . the slick - haire operator bow to the winner , hand he a dime . with a flourish , the laborer pull a crumpled dollar from he pocket and unfold it . the crowd gather around buzze . sal notice the Operator suppress a smile as the man place he dollar on the black . italian laborer nero . before the Operator can spin the wheel , sal wave a nickel . salvatore rosso ! as sal slap he nickel onto the red marker , the Operator shoot he a dirty look and spin the wheel . as it come to rest on red , the Operator scoops up the crest - fall laborer 's dollar , and grudgingly flip a dime to salvatore . operator ( in italian ) a lucky boy . you be play again ? salvatore ( in italian ) only when there 's another fool with a dollar to bet against . CUT to : int : bedroom of luciano family apartment - evening sal lay across a pallet on the floor of the dark , tiny room . bartolo lay next to he , asleep . in the next room , rosalie luciano cook in a primitive kitchen . sal pull a set of post card from he pocket , and flip through the photo of beauty pose provocatively in they scanty . at the sound of he father 's voice raise in anger , he hide the card . just inside the front door stand a man in uniform as Antonio drag sal out from the bedroom . salvatore ( in italian ) the teacher hit I first ! Antonio hit sal hard , upside the head . ANTONIO luciano ( in italian ) you have a smart teacher . rosalie run over from the kitchen , wave a ladle . rosalie luciano ( in italian ) he 's only a baby ! salvatore ( in italian ) mama , I be not a baby ! Antonio smack sal again , as he mother try to pull he away . ANTONIO luciano ( in italian ) do not talk back to you mother . at the door , the truant Officer roll he eye . Antonio shove salvatore toward he . ANTONIO luciano ( in italian ) take he . I can do nothing . CUT to : int : truant school classroom - day bar on the window . the uniform student sit rigidly upright . they follow along in they book while the teacher read aloud as he walk between the row of desk . salvatore stare blankly at a book he can't read as the teacher pass , he rap sal across the knuckle with a ruler , then turn sal 's book to the correct page . CUT to : int : a massive dormitory - day desert , except for sal and another boy he age , who be on they hand and knee scrubbing the floor . frankie costello ( in italian ) where be you before ? salvatore scuola trenta-quarto . frankie costello ( in english ) School thirty - four ? hey , I too . ( in italian ) I live on Thirteenth Street . he extend a soapy hand to sal and they shake . salvatore ( in english ) hey , I too . Frank laugh at sal 's attempt at English frankie costello ( in italian ) I be frankie costello . salvatore salvatore luciano . frankie costello ( in italian ) sal-va-tore . back home that 's a beautiful name . but here sallie 's a girl 's name . some this bum might get the wrong idea . capice ? salvatore nod . salvatore ( in italian ) I want a american name . Frank regards sal critically for a moment . frank Charlie . salvatore cha-lee ? frank char-lie . charlie char-lie . frank fuck you , Charlie . Frank gesture with he middle finger . Charlie return it . charlie fucka you , frankie ! Frank dip into he bucket , and fling water at Charlie . Charlie snap he wet rag at Frank , catch he on the arm . frank Son of a bitch ! charlie somma bitch ! angry now , Frank grab he crotch and hiss . frank suck my dick , motherfucker . Charlie jump up and dramatically grab he crotch . charlie muddafucka somma bitch . sucka my fucka you . beam with pride , Charlie look up into the stone face of they teacher , who loom behind Frank . Charlie drop to he knee and resume scrubbing the floor . int : hallway - day the teacher haul the boy down the hallway by they ear . CUT to : ext : lower east side residential STREET - day super : 1916 Frank costello , now sixteen , sit on a stoop across from p.s. 34 , as the young kid pass on they way to school . occasionally one will break from the stream of traffic and place a penny in Frank 's outstretch palm . a boy in a yarmulke hand Frank a penny and whisper to he . frank stare across the STREET at a group of irish boy gather around mike shane , red - haire and a head taller than the other . Frank nod and give the Boy a reassure pat on the back . as the school bell ring , the Boy join the other rush into the building , leave Frank and the irish gang alone on opposite side of the street . two jewish boy - younger than frank and small in stature , come casually along the sidewalk , unconcern with get to class on time . meyer lansky have the bookish demeanor of a yeshiva boy . bugsy siegel , a almost comically cocky strut . costello call to they as they pass . frank hey , fella . ya know they mick over there do not like no heebs . lansky glance over he shoulder at Shane and he gang . turn back to costello . defiant . lansky yeah . so who the fuck do ? siegel come on . tell we , shitface . costello jump up and seize Siegel by the shirt . frank yeah . well we do not sell protection to asshole anyhow . Siegel move right into costello 's face , swinging fiercely . lansky shout encouragement , as the startle costello fall back onto the stoop . lansky kick he in the ball ! a pair of arm grab Siegel and pull he off costello . charlie luciano shake he head as he hold the kick and punch Siegel in mid-air like a helpless snap turtle . luciano frankie . do not I tell ya about makin ' nice to the customer ? Frank climb up . embarrass . luciano you fella get name ? lansky ( still defiant ) lansky . meyer lansky . and that 's bugsy Siegel ya get there . Siegel continue to struggle in luciano 's grip . siegel they call I bugsy ' cause I be fuckin ' crazy , man . Charlie lower Siegel to the sidewalk . frank no shit . luciano glare at costello . luciano tell ya what . in consideration of this little misunderstanding , we be gonna give you fella protection for free . lansky look over to the irish gang , then back to Charlie . lansky keep you fuckin' dago protection . as lansky and Siegel turn and head toward the school , Charlie grab the seethe costello , then laugh . CUT to : int : dark stairway - day Charlie and Frank lug a heavy wooden crate up the stair to the luciano family 's fifth floor tenement . int : luciano kitchen - day Antonio pries the top off the wooden crate and extract a huge prosciutto ham wrap in burlap . Mrs. luciano could not be more in awe if the virgin Mary herself have just appear . rosalie luciano ( in italian ) prosciutto ... from lercara friddi . Charlie eye the ham , the taste already in he mouth . he lean to frankie . charlie stayin ' for dinner , paisan ? rosalie luciano ( in italian ) no ! prosciutto must hang to dry before you eat it . he may come on Sunday . CUT to : int : luciano kitchen - day Antonio luciano sit silently at the table , along with frankie and bartolo , all anxiously watch rosalie prepare Sunday dinner . the ham still hang over the sink . sweating from the heat , Antonio flap the coat of he ill-fitting peasant 's suit . irritate , rosalie slap a bottle of wine on the table . rosalie ( in italian ) dinner will be ready when the dinner be ready . Charlie enter from the bedroom wear a blue seersucker suit . Antonio pour frankie a niggardly portion of the wine . charlie careful , pop . frankie might get he throat wet . ANTONIO ( in italian ) I work from seven until seven . every day . but on Sunday I can only afford one bottle of wine . how can my son , who do not work at all , afford a new suit ? Charlie grab the wine bottle , fill frankie 's glass , then he father 's . Antonio look to frankie , then back to Charlie . ANTONIO luciano ( in italian ) I know of the thing you do . there 's a knock on the door . Antonio look up with trepidation . at the door a well - dress man force he way inside past Antonio . moliari ( in italian ) when you want money to buy a bed , you be under my foot . moliari march into the apartment , look for collateral . the picking be mighty thin . Antonio trail helplessly behind . ANTONIO luciano ( in italian ) Saturday I will pay double . moliari turn to face Antonio . his voice fall to a whisper . moliari ( in italian ) so I should ask Don maranzano ? a edge of panic creep into Antonio 's voice . ANTONIO luciano no. no. no. Don maranzano ? no. moliari 's eye light upon the prosciutto hang over the sink . rosalie move to block he path , but moliari push she aside , and lift the ham off the hook . rosalie luciano please , no ... an-to-nio . rosalie grab the ham from moliari , as Charlie pick up a carve knife and jump up from the table . utterly impotent , Antonio call to he wife . ANTONIO luciano rosalie . no ! moliari wrestle the ham back from rosalie , and back -hands she across the face . Antonio grab Charlie , and twist the knife from he hand . moliari retreat to the door with the ham . moliari ( in italian ) and you must still pay double ! as moliari exit , Charlie pull away from he father , raise a arm threateningly , then drop it in disgust . CUT to : int : jewish bakery - day meyer lansky fight he way to the front of a crowd of kid wave claim ticket for the cholent ( a kind of meat pie ) that they have drop off earlier to be baked for they family ' sabbath dinner . spot meyer , the clerk set a crockery dish on the counter . wrapping rag around he hand , meyer pick it up , steam venting through cut in the crust . CUT to : ext : mulberry STREET - day Charlie and Frank lean against a wall , idly swapping a smoke . Frank elbow Charlie , and nod to the far side of the street . across the STREET moliari emerge from a apartment building with don maranzano , a older man , resplendent in a white suit , hat , and cape . he wave a pair of white glove as he gesture to moliari . charlie who 's Mr. tutti-frutti ? Frank shoot Charlie a wither look . frank that 's Don maranzano . he drop one a they fuckin ' glove at you foot , you be dead . charlie ya comin ' in ? Frank lay a restrain hand on Charlie . frank moliari know ya get a beef . we gotta figure something ' . up the STREET meyer lansky burrow through the sidewalk crowd , be careful not to bump into anyone with the hot cholent . from the opposite direction Mike Shane and two of he irish pal strut down the street like they own it . as they near Charlie and Frank walk in the opposite direction , Shane whisper to he cohort . stare at Shane as they pass , Charlie hawk and spit on the sidewalk . keeping he eye on charlie , shane run head on into lansky lansky barely retain he grip on the cholent . lansky look where ya goin ' , turdbrain ! amaze that this pipsqueak would challenge he , Shane look with amused skepticism to he pal . then suddenly , he grab meyer by the neck and squeeze . mike shane I go where I want . meyer struggle to breathe , the cholent shaking in he hand . mike shane bringin ' I dinner , Jew Boy ? meyer shake he head " yes " . up the STREET Frank and Charlie turn around to check out the commotion . shane loosen he grip on meyer who gasp for breath . shane so , give it to I . as Shane reach for the pot , lansky lift it over he head and smashes it across shane's face . the pot crack in two and fall to the sidewalk . Shane stumble backwards , scream as the hot cholent burn into he skin . up the STREET lansky dart through the crowd , nearly knock over Charlie and Frank as he fly past . as Shane 's buddy come by in pursuit , Charlie and Frank start swinging , and the crowd scatter as the brawl ensue . CUT to : ext : east river dock - dusk frankie , clad only in a pair of short , race down a pier and leap out over the water , howling as he sail through the air then crash into the river amidst a pack he jeer pal . charlie luciano climb onto the pier and spy meyer lansky stand on the next pier . bugsy Siegel and a few other jewish kid frolic off the pier . lansky wave . close - on the face of mike shane as he watch lansky dive into the water from behind the second pier . his once perfect nose now list to the leave . his skin scar and discolor . he turn and nod to he gang . facing toward the dockside warehouse - charlie limber up as he turn to make he run down the pier , he spot Shane and he gang stripping behind the next pier . he shout and wave to the jewish kid . they look over , puzzle . shane and he gang race down the next pier , diving in after lansky . Charlie dive into the water . the other italian follow . off the other pier Siegel struggle to escape from three irish kid who restrain he , as Shane and two other surround meyer . as they move in on he , lansky dive underwater . as the italian swim into the war zone Charlie scan the scene look for lansky . charlie swim under the wildly kick leg of the surface combatant . close on mike shane's enraged face - underwater as he use a choke hold around lansky 's neck . meyer 's leg kick listlessly as life drain out of he body . suddenly Shane 's head jerk back and he mouth widen in a silent scream . charlie pull a knife from shane's back with a violent twist , drop it into the void , and grab lansky . charlie gasp for breath and lansky throw up water as they surface in the middle of melee . Shane 's body surface beside they . the fight quickly die out , and everyone fall silent . then , as if a starter 's gun have sound , everyone swim like hell for the pier . as the other disappear into the night Siegel , costello , and luciano lift the comatose lansky up onto the pier . lansky regains consciousness , kick he leg and flail he arm . the guy struggle to hold on to meyer , to little avail . exasperate , they toss he back into the water . lansky surface in the river cursing and sputtering as he come to . as meyer climb up onto the pier , bugsy break out laugh . Charlie and Frank join in . mad as a wet cat , meyer go nose to nose with Charlie . lansky I thought I told ya of keep you fuckin ' dago protection ! bugsy , Charlie , and Frank exchange a look , then , as one , push lansky backwards off the pier . CUT to : int : warehouse basement - day Charlie , Frank , and bugsy be drape over sack of flour , in a tiny brick - wall hideout . they body glisten with sweat as they stew in they boredom . bugsy stir from he stupor . siegel how much longer we gotta be shut up in this fuckin ' sweatbox ? frank Long as Charlie say . charlie when the stiff 's a irish , the cop take it kinda personal . siegel can not we get a couple whore over ? contemptuous , Frank hold up he little finger and wiggle it . frank you be not even a man yet . siegel that be not what you mama say . Frank leap up . frank you slimy fuckin ' kike ! bugsy regards Frank cooly , fondle he own crotch . siegel until I meet she , I think Catholic do not eat meat on Friday . Frank knock bugsy off he perch , and they roll to the floor , punch and kick . Charlie do not stir from he spot . charlie ( emphatic ) enough ! Frank and bugsy back off , continue to stare each other down . charlie just like the fuckin ' slammer . lock guy up in a room together a ' everybody go fruity . Frank slump back across he flour sack , still shoot bugsy the evil eye . there be three quick knock at the window . meyer lansky hand a pot through the window to bugsy and climb down into the room . bugsy dole the content out into bowl . frank where would ya get this funny ravioli ? siegel ya ignorant guinea , it 's kreplach . Charlie bite into a piece . nod approvingly to meyer . charlie when we get outta here , I be gonna steal something ' nice for you mom . meyer why wait ? ai not ya still get it hard for that moliari fella ? charlie sure . but John Law 's get it hard for we . meyer there 's a lotta other folk they be not look for . puzzle by the drift of the conversation , bugsy object . siegel what the hell you talkin ' about ? ignoring bugsy , meyer smile sweetly at Charlie . meyer guess I owe ya one , Charlie . siegel would somebody here please speak fuckin' English ? frankie lean over to bait bugsy . frank why I gotta be hook up with the only stupid Jew in New York . bugsy take a swing at frankie . CUT to : ext : mulberry STREET - day moliari exit he apartment building and head down the crowded street . four Orthodox jewish boy in black suit and hat , cross the street and enter the vestibule . charlie , meyer , frank , and bugsy incongruous , yet weirdly convincing in they sober attire , survey the building directory . most of the name be italian , but a few be jewish . meyer fourth floor . int : FOURTH floor landing - day meyer kneel in front of moliari 's apartment door , pick the lock . it pop open . int : moliari apartment - day overaw by the middle class trapping , the boy wander silently , bugsy feel the fabric of the sofa , Frank open the ice box , meyer watch the cage parakeet . in contrast , Charlie look around appraisingly , like a smart thief . charlie let 's get to work . in the live room bugsy and Frank pull box out of a closet while meyer comb through the drawer of a victorian sideboard . find a small jewelry box , meyer empty the content into he pocket . in the bedroom Charlie search fruitlessly through a bureau . CUT to : int : apartment vestibule - day as Don maranzano enter and head up the stair . int : moliari bedroom - day Charlie feel the underside of the dresser drawer , find nothing . he call to meyer in the live room . charlie he lend money . gotta be a bank . Charlie kneel beside the bed , run he arm under mattress . don maranzano reach the third floor landing pause to clean a dirty finger nail before resume he climb . in the bedroom Charlie stand back , try to figure out what he 's miss . he return to the dresser and pull a drawer all the way out of the cabinet . tape to the back of the drawer be a envelope stuff with twenty dollar bill . stuff the envelope into he jacket , Charlie unzip he fly , and piss onto the bed . pulling up he zipper - charlie charge into the live room charlie let 's get outta here . meyer follow Charlie into the kitchen , where Charlie scoops up the prosciutto that hang by the sink . meyer wrestle the ham from he , and hang it back up . meyer this be a Jew job . remember ? just outside the apartment as Don maranzano pause at the fourth floor landing . wind by the climb , he daub he forehead with a silk handkerchief . inside the apartment - the boy gather by the door look around to make sure they have everything . as Charlie reach for the doorknob , he 's startle by a knock at the door . don maranzano ( in italian ) alfredo . it 's Don maranzano . the telephone on the wall next to the door ring . panicked , frankie snatch up the receiver in mid-re . realizing he mistake , he re-hang the receiver . don maranzano ( in italian ) please . I must use the toilet . the boy look to each other . not sure what to do now . outside the door - maranzano knock again as he shift uncomfortably from foot to foot . the door open a crack . meyer peer out from under brim of he black hat . pious to a fault . behind he , maranzano glimpsis the other gather around the dining table , head bow in prayer . meyer ( in yiddish ) can I help you , sir ? maranzano 's puzzle . unsure of himself . don maranzano ( in english ) where be Mr. moliari ? meyer ( in english ) moliari ? up the stair . on the table as bugsy mumble gibberish , prayin ' it sound like Hebrew . at the door don maranzano Excuse I . I be sorry . meyer peer out the door as maranzano head up the stair . halfway up he stop . no . he be on the right floor . as maranzano turn back around , the boy pile out of the apartment and race down the stair . they hat brim pull down . maranzano shake he fist and shout after they . don maranzano ( in italian ) dirty thieve Jews ! CUT to : int : warehouse basement - day meyer , bugsy , and frankie watch anxiously as Charlie count out the last bill from the envelope . charlie four-twenty -eight . siegel what 's that divide four way ? lansky a hundred - seven buck too much . any kid who drop a extra dime be gonna be talkin ' to moliari . frank ya mean we be so rich we be break ? charlie think about it . who run thing ? the punk who go to jail ? fuck no . it 's the guy with the dough . Charlie hand the envelope to frankie . charlie and dough be gonna put we into business with John Law . CUT to : int : detective mullavey' office - day the impose irishman pull up a chair opposite a nervous frankie . his manner concerned , almost fatherly . detective mullavey they tell I you want to talk about this Shane business . frank you havin ' any luck findin ' out who do he ? detective mullavey Shane be a friend of yours ? frank he be around ... detective mullavey lad , I be a busy man . July 's always a big month for murder . fella name barone turn up just this mornin ' , throat cut ear to ear . ( lowering he voice ) Black Hand . frank when you be investigatin' , how long ya keep at it ? detective mullavey it console the bereaved family to see the perpetrator take he load of juice . we try to oblige . frank but if ya can not catch the guy ... raising a eyebrow , mullavey give he a hint of a smile and pull open a file drawer . detective mullavey inactive . Dead case , so to speak . frankie pull five twenty - dollar bill from he jacket and fan they across he knee . mullavey nod approvingly . detective mullavey might I ? frankie nod as he pick the bill up off he knee and hold they out to mullavey , feel cocky that he 's bribe a cop . mullavey leap up , haul frankie out of he chair , and slam he against the wall . detective mullavey what cause you to mistake I for a twenty - five cent prostitute ? mullavey grab frankie 's collar and twist it tight . detective mullavey be it you cut Shane ? or be you just the bagman . mullavey snatch the bill from frankie 's tremble hand then reach into he jacket and grab a second wad of bill . detective mullavey I need a perpetrator . who? who ?? not sure what the rule be , frankie sweat a answer . frank barone . it be barone . mullavey relax he grip . a smile blossom on he ruddy mug . mullavey knew it all the time . CUT to : int : luciano family apartment - night Charlie come quietly through the front door . move up behind he mother in the kitchen , he slip he arm around she waist and kiss she on the back of the neck . charlie miss ya , mama . howling with delight , she spin around into she son 's arm . rosalie luciano salvatore ! Antonio luciano look up from the kitchen table . not pleased . ANTONIO luciano ( in italian ) the police come look for you . rosalie hand Charlie two plate of lasagna . he sit opposite he pop , hand he the second plate . charlie ( in english ) that 's all straight now . as rosalie take a seat , Antonio push he chair away from the table and disappear into the bedroom . he emerge hold a gold belt buckle in he palm . ANTONIO luciano ( in italian ) I find this under you bed . it be steal from the jewelry store on 12th Street last week . charlie ( in english ) snoopin ' be not nice , pop . ANTONIO luciano ( in italian ) be it so important to have a gold buckle and no honor ? Charlie look up from he lasagna . matter of fact . luciano ( in english ) I want it , so I take it . Antonio fling the buckle at Charlie . it bounce off he face and skitter across the floor . he jump up from the table , glaring at he father as he wipe the blood from he cheek . ANTONIO luciano ( in italian ) you be not my son ! you be only a thief and you can not live in my house any longer ! Charlie turn to he mother . luciano ( in italian ) so long , mama . rosalie run over to Antonio and pound on he chest as she scream . rosalie luciano ( in italian ) no. no ! you cannot put my sallie out on the street ! Charlie pick up the gold buckle as he walk to the door , then turn back toward he mother , who have collapse in tear . luciano you be not always gonna be poor . as Charlie exit , a plate of lasagna crash against the door . dissolve to : int : ristorante castellamare - night super : 1920 Charlie peruse a menu at a table with Frank costello . he 's a few year older and better groom , in the manner of a successful ethnic . he gesture to a waiter . charlie what would it take to get a couple finger of scotch ? waiter a miracle . we have nothing . charlie I finally get the dough for good booze , and they frustrated old broad in the wtcu put the country on the wagon . the waiter shrug and move on . frank I hear they be gettin ' twenty a bottle for fuckin ' moonshine . meyer lansky and bugsy siegel come through the front door . lansky 's still short and unprepossessing , but Siegel 's grow into a ladykiller . they be accompany by tommy reina , stout , homely , in he late 20' . reina wait by the door , hat in hand , as meyer and bugsy join Charlie and Frank . meyer so what 's the good news . frank th kid in the Building Inspector 's office could not wait to roll over . tell I the warehouse you wanna knock in , and ya get the blueprint . meyer and the 15th precinct ? frank Captain Murray will not go under one - fifty for the lottery . meyer it 's not enough we pay he rent , we gotta buy he a house too ? charlie fuck ‘em . the boy mumble they assent . bugsy nod toward reina . charlie sure . bring you friend over . tommy reina shake hand around the table . take a seat . siegel Tommy reina . good pal . better partner . charlie from you mouth to God 's ear . siegel he 's get a line on the good stuff . tommy reina a friend of nucky Johnson have a boxcar of bottled - in-bond scotch whisky sittin ' on a spur in Philly . want 35 G 's . I get ten . siegel nucky 's a straight shooter . we be not gonna get fuck . charlie who 's nucky 's friend ? reina pause and look around the table . tommy reina Arnold rothstein . the guy look to each other . disbelieve . frank no disrespect , Tommy , but why would Mr. Arnold rothstein wanna do business with bum like we ? siegel why ya always gotta go lookin ' for a gift in the mouth of the horse ? reina shrug he shoulder . Charlie look to meyer . charlie how ya figure ? meyer ponder for a moment . meyer it figure . siegel fuckin ' right it figure . charlie twenty -five 's pretty much we stake . anybody get a problem ? no one raise a objection . charlie what 's the deadline ? tommy reina Monday . Cash . in Philly . charlie Wednesday . tommy reina I do not think they wanna wait . charlie Wednesday . or not at all . siegel we could lose the deal ! charlie if we have to . tommy reina let I see what I can do . a short , round young man in a flashy tuxedo emerge from a private room in the back of the restaurant , a bevy of bodyguard in he wake . diamond ring on he finger , a big cigar in he mouth , he radiate money and power . spot Charlie and the other , he yell across the room . al capone get they bum outta here ! Charlie look up sharply . bugsy jump to he foot , ready to fight . Charlie 's anger fade as quickly as it flashed . charlie when do capone get back in town ? as capone approach , Charlie stand , give he a bearhug , then stand back to inspect he . charlie so Chicago 's be good to ya . al capone I do right by johnny torrio and he do right by I . charlie ya still owe I fifty buck for the train ticket . al capone and a lot more . can we talk ? Charlie look around to the phalanx of bodyguard . charlie sure . what 's with the brick wall ? al capone since colosimo bit it , I gotta keep a eye out for he friend . int : limousine - night luciano and capone climb into the limo , as the bodyguard remain behind on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant . capone call out to the limo Driver . al capone around the block . ( to luciano ) ya gotta get way from New York , Charlie . maranzano . masseria . they old don be never gonna give ya any daylight . colosimo be the same way . could not see the future if it bit he in the ass . but in Chicago you can get away with axin ' the capo . here , you be stick with them . capone gesture at he finery , the limo . al capone one fuckin ' year ago I have to hit you up for train fare . now I can buy the fuckin ' train . and I be not even a fuckin' sicilian ! charlie but ya get a boss . al capone torrio be not like they guy . he think like a american . you would like he , Charlie . he would like you . charlie maybe . but he would still be the boss . capone stick a cigar in he mouth , and strike a match to light it . the side window explode under a shower of bullet from a pass car . capone dive to the floor . Charlie pull a pistol from he jacket and return the fire , as the limo Driver jerk the steering wheel to the leave , ramming the limousine into the side of the other car . a second hail of bullet cut the limo diver dead . the two car careen together , crash into a park car . outside the crashed car as the gunman escape from the second car . he toss he empty machine gun aside , pull out a pistol , and run down a alley , leave he wounded Driver behind . capone look up from the floor the stub of he cigar clench in he tooth , the remainder shot off . Charlie strike a match and light capone 's cigar . charlie you be a big target , al. finish you cigar . luciano advance down the pitch dark alley , pistol draw , silhouett against the light from the street behind he . a flash of gunfire from the end of the alley , send Charlie diving behind a line of trash can . charlie crawl down the alley use the trash can as cover . two more shot ring out , bounce off the trash can . Charlie shout to the gunman . charlie that 's three . peer over the trash can , Charlie can see that the alley be a dead end , but he still can not make out the gunman . luciano grab a bottle and toss it down the alley . as the gunman waste a shot on the decoy , Charlie dash across the alley , ducking behind a dumpster . charlie four ! Charlie push the dumpster down the alley , as he crouch behind it . as he near the end of the alley , two more shot ping off the side of the dumpster . charlie five ! six ! Charlie turn he back to the dumpster , gun draw . wait for the rat to scurry from he hole . the gunman cower at the end of the alley , drop he emptied gun to the pavement . he look to the right of the dumpster , then the leave . torn over which path to take . he make a run to the leave . as the gunman race past the dumpster Charlie calmly take aim , and fell he with a single shot . as charlie approach the limousine capone rise from he crouch in the back seat . charlie nobody kill a guy who owe I money . CUT to : int : railroad dine car - day as Charlie and Tommy be seat , Charlie look around at the sober , well - dress businessman at breakfast . suddenly aware of the vulgarity of he attire , Charlie adjust he jacket . the waiter lay a BOWL of oatmeal in front of tommy and a plate of corn beef hash top with a poach egg before Charlie . luciano watch how a banker in pinstripe eat the same dish , then mimic he technique . CUT to : int : HOTEL corridor - day a set of double door swing open and a butler lead Charlie and Tommy into a palatial hotel suite . nucky Johnson greet they . nucky johnson come on in . I will let Mr. rothstein know you be here . as Johnson disappear into a bedroom , Charlie and Tommy plant themselves on a sofa . arnold rothstein emerge from the bedroom as impeccably turn out as any Park Avenue swell . as Tommy move to greet rothstein , Charlie gesture for he to keep he seat . ignoring Tommy , rothstein shake Charlie 's hand . rothstein I be glad you come down . I prefer to do business face to face . rothstein and Johnson settle into chair opposite the sofa . charlie when my money move , I go with it . rothstein I trust Mr. Johnson fill you in on the revision . indignant , Tommy come up in he seat . tommy reina revision ? he do not say nothin ' ! Charlie silence Tommy with a gesture . nucky johnson there 's be another offer at forty thousand . charlie we have a deal . nucky johnson you ask for a extension . charlie and when you give it too I , I know you be hurtin' . rothstein scotch be a very valuable commodity this day . charlie Mr. rothstein , can I be frank ? you be a gambler , and I know you have have loss . I also know you could sell to maranzano or masseria for fifty G 's , but nobody sell to that guy once . so if ya really get another buyer , and ya wanna welch , I be not gonna beef . nucky johnson ya wanna queer the deal ? be my guest . but show some goddamn respect ! this be not some guinea pimp you be talkin ' to here ! this be Arnold rothstein ! the man who fix the fuckin ' world series !!! rothstein gesture for nucky to cool down . charlie I be not mad . I be not even surprised . but I can not let ya fuck I . on the other hand , if ya get need beyond the thirty - five , I will advance it to you against we next deal on the same term . rothstein could we step outside ? CUT to : int : HOTEL corridor - day Charlie follow rothstein into the elevator . charlie I get my partner in there ! rothstein I cannot bear to look at that hideous suit one minute more . CUT to : int : wanamaker's department store - day Charlie stand before a mirror in a private room , as a tailor fit he . a salesman enter hold a grey pinstripe . rothstein , sit to one side , do not approve . rothstein that 's a suit for a man grub for money , not one who have it . the salesman nod and exit . rothstein turn to Charlie . rothstein I have exclusive deal with four distiller in Scotland , and ship under contract to bring ten thousand case a month onto the Jersey coast . I need distribution , but I will not do business with maranzano or masseria . all they talk of honor only indicate they misplace interest in power rather than money . Charlie inspect he new , elegant profile in the mirror . charlie they ass be here , but they fuckin ' head be still in Sicily . rothstein precisely . we be the true entrepreneur , and prohibition be the great opportunity we shall ever have . America be begging to be take like a overripe virgin , but they be still fight over the crumb of Little Italy . charlie we will start small . when we get them line up , we increase the supply a bit at a time . only sell the best stuff . and keep the price high , ' cause ya know how folk hate the taste of cheap booze . rothstein a intelligent plan , Mr. luciano , but listen to I well . it can be ruin in a single careless moment . keep you foot on the ground and you high opinion of yourself under you hat . charlie do not worry . I get friend to take care of that . CUT to : int : a middle CLASS apartment - night super : two year later in a candlelit dining room , meyer lansky sit opposite anna , a girl of curiously old - fashioned appearance . as she parent , exemplar of jewish respectability , relax back into they chair , dote on the couple as the may clear the dish . anna's father produce . produce be a livelihood . in thirty year it 's never disappointed I . good time and bad , people gotta eat . meyer nod dutifully , as Anna watch he admiringly from across the table . anna's father produce send my Anna to private school . Anna 's father knock on the table . anna's father mahogany . produce . anna's mother enough produce . he can not resist a final shot . anna's father there 's always room for a new man . outside the window , a car horn sound . meyer look around . on the STREET below luciano , Siegel , and costello wait in a car . meyer run across the street and climb in . CUT to : int : charlie' apartment - night costello , and lansky wander through the live room . awed by the restrain good taste of the furnishings . Noel coward might live here . luciano rothstein put I on to this place . siegel stand by the bedroom door its precise art deco line soften by the moonlight glow of a scallop - shell lamp on the wall over the satin-cover bed . siegel Jesus . how 's a guy suppose to fuck in a joint like this ? the guy huddle around a coffee table in the live room , as Charlie fill three glass with champagne and pass they around . luciano meyer just finish the book . lansky a million buck . in the last six month . Charlie walk to a large rosewood wardrobe , and pull it open . a burst of confetti explode from within , follow by the rude honk of noisemaker . a gorgeous showgirl in the briefest of glitter costume step out to the wild cheer of the guy . follow by another , and another . meyer squirm as a leggy blonde slide onto he lap and run she tongue along he neck . charlie stand to one side , alone and content while the other pour champagne down each other 's throat . CUT to : bugsy as he stumble drunkenly out the front door a girl under each arm . Charlie close the door behind they and survey the live room . no serious damage do . in the dimly lit black marble bath Charlie lay back into the foamy bubbles . lift a cigar to he mouth , he inhale , then let the smoke drift lazily out of he mouth . he pick up a champagne glass from the side of the tub and sip . for this moment , utterly content . dissolve to : int : gambling club lobby - night close - on a waterfall of silver dollar cascade from a marble maiden 's bowl into the coin-choke pool below . a tony crowd in evening wear pass around the fountain and on into the club . don maranzano move through the lobby , a bit self - conscious in this crowd , yet still a man of noble bear . inside the club Charlie lean back against the bar , surveying the customer cluster around roulette wheel and cocktail table . a fine - feature Young man stand next to Charlie , try to get the attention of the bartender . Charlie snap he finger , and point out the fellow to the bartender . the Young man try snap he finger , without much success . bobby clowe guess I just be not bear to it . Charlie shrug . Bobby extend a hand . bobby clowe I be Bobby clowe . Kansas City . luciano Charlie luciano . bobby clowe you ever be near a meat pack plant ? my father make a couple million per , but the smell in he office be enough to make you puke . luciano get the same problem with my pop -- garlic . nothin ' you can do . bobby clowe the goddamn bastard . luciano tell I about it . charlie and bobby sit at a table in a corner of the club . bobby clowe I remember read a poem in college . " Sicily . poor , noble isle ... " . luciano poor , yeah . bobby clowe but not you . Charlie lean back and knock on the wood panele wall . voice be I such bad luck ? Charlie look up at Don maranzano who hover over the table . he extend he hand , but do not stand . luciano Don maranzano . welcome . maranzano I have hear so much about this club of yours . I have to come and see . luciano good liquor draw a good crowd . maranzano I must know more of you , my son . luciano not a lot to know . maranzano voice take on a faint edge of menace . maranzano then perhaps you need to know I . luciano Don , I would be honore . Don maranzano bow slightly from the waist , turn , and disappear into the crowd . Charlie 's expression darken . bobby who be that ? luciano my fuckin ' meat packin ' plant . CUT to : ext : manhasset estate - day a expanse of lawn sweep toward a colossal mansion sprawle across the crest of a hill . a small wooden ball bounce into view , accompany by the off-screen thunder of horse hoof . half a dozen polo player on horseback descend on the ball , mallet hold high . one player outmaneuver the rest and send the ball shoot across the lawn . the pack set off in pursuit . a unbroken line of expensive automobile extend along one side of the grounds . Bobby and Charlie follow the match from the front seat of a Packard convertible . in the back , bugsy and Frank make no attempt to hide they boredom . siegel know something ' ? this stuff 's just kick - the-can on pony . luciano shuddup . siegel wanna know what I think ? luciano spare we . siegel I think this rich shit -- no offense Bobby -- be so dead below the waist that they gotta ride around all day swingin ' at each other to get they broad hot . Charlie glare at bugsy , but Bobby laugh . bobby clowe you get a point there , bugsy . Frank exchange look with a cool blonde in the next car . frank hey . whatever the hell work . CUT to : ext : central park reservoir - day a rowboat float across the frame , meyer at the oar . Anna face he , pose in a white dress under a pink parasol . another boat float into frame follow the first . Anna 's sweat Father row , he wife face he , hold a newspaper over she head . CUT to : int : mansion ballroom - night a negro jazz band pump out a African rhythm to incite the anglo - saxon libido . Bobby stand before the band , " conduct " . on the floor , Frank hang on to he cool blonde . in the entry hall a porcelain -skinned beauty shriek in delighted terror as she race up a massive marble staircase . halfway up she stop . at the bottom of the stair , bugsy stand with he arm across he chest , feign indifference . the beauty 's panty bounce off he face . bugsy charge up the stair . on the terrace Charlie lean against a pillar look out across the lawn toward the Long Island sound . behind he , white curtain billow out through the french door to the ballroom , as though blow by the force of the music . Charlie light a cigarette . woman' voice you come to party to be alone ? Charlie look around , but see only the billow curtain . a breeze lift they higher , and a woman in a long white dress materialize beneath . somewhat older than the other woman at the party , and far more elegant . she speak in a cultivate accent of indeterminate european origin . gay orlova why be Americans always so desperate to have a good time ? upstair bugsy move down a long empty corridor , try each door . one open to reveal a shadow , half - clothed sexual coupling in progress . bugsy carefully pull the door close . turn around , he see he beauty hide in a alcove . laugh , she race back down the hallway . bugsy pursue . on the terrace Charlie and Gay orlova sit a discreet but friendly distance from each other on the stone railing encircle the terrace . gay orlova Inside , they be talk of you . luciano I can just imagine . gay orlova no . they envy you . luciano for be a bootlegger ? gay orlova for be a man . Charlie , nonpluss , do not respond . across the terrace , the beauty run out of the front door and down the curving driveway , follow closely by bugsy . two negro chauffeur idle away they time under a tree next to the line of car park around the drive . behind they , the rear door to a limousine stand open . bugsy 's foot , trousers around he ankle , can be see brace on the ground below the door . shoot through the windshield of the limousine bugsy 's pants meld with the moan of the beauty , behind the screen of the front seat . as charlie watch Gay disappear through the billow curtain into the house . in the ballroom Charlie look around for Gay , but can not spot she . CUT to : int : ristorante castellamare - day conversation die as Charlie move through the restaurant , look considerably more poise and commanding then last we see he here with capone . all eye follow he as he move toward the private dining room in back . as charlie enter the back room Don maranzano rise to greet he , hand hold up beside he face , like the Pope bestow a bless . he embrace Charlie , whose face betray he deep annoyance with this phony intimacy . maranzano ( in italian ) salvatore . my young caesar . first I , sallie . then you . luciano the name 's Charlie . maranzano laugh , step back and hold Charlie at arm 's length . maranzano word of praise be mean only for the great , and you , my son , will do great thing . Charlie 's ready to spit in the old man 's face , but miss the hostility , maranzano hold he right hand up to Charlie 's face . a signet ring with the initial " S.M. " , gleam on he finger . maranzano my bambino , please . choke back he pride , Charlie kiss the ring . the Don glow . at the table Charlie eat with the elaborate care of the newly arrive . maranzano mussolini be raping Sicily like every Roman before he . so we brother be come to America . Soldiers willing to fight and die . Men who know the meaning of honor . luciano Don , you talk about honor , but you mean vendetta . killin ' a ' more killin ' until nobody can remember how it all start . maranzano lean back in he chair , appraise Charlie . maranzano and how many soldier do you have ? luciano I have get friend . maranzano I have six hundred . Soldiers . and more every week off the boat . luciano an' masseria 's get seven hundred . maranzano hiss at the mention of masseria 's name . maranzano he 's a animal ! luciano ( in italian ) he 's the boss of all the boss , and I respect he . maranzano slap he palm on the table . maranzano you be of the sicilian blood . you waste you time with this Jews ! Charlie let that comment hang in the air for a moment , then push he chair away from the table . luciano thanks for lunch . calm down , maranzano wave away the disagreement . pour Charlie a glass of wine . maranzano the Internal Revenue come to my office . I turn over all my ledger . they find nothing . Charlie , I ama businessman . luciano sittin ' around give I the pile . you get a proposition ? maranzano bless Charlie with a sweet , fatherly smile . maranzano we combine everything . you be my second in command . luciano what about the share . maranzano you get fifteen percent . luciano I get partner . maranzano you calabrian friend , I will accept . at least costello eat pasta like we . luciano and the Jews ? maranzano ( in italian ) share with they as you wish . do business with they on you own . but no filthy Jew will ever be a brother to I . CUT to : charlie' live room - night lansky , Siegel Siegel , costello , and luciano ponder they option . luciano that fuck can not leave each other alone . maranzano and masseria be not gonna be satisfied until one of them start a war . siegel let them kill each other off ! why should we care ? luciano there will not be any way to stay out of it . frank I think maranzano 's talkin ' a hell of a deal . siegel sure , frankie . fuck I . fuck meyer . fuck Arnold rothstein who 's make we all rich . all so you can be a fuckin ' honorary sicilian ! frank do maranzano have to kiss you on the lip before you will take he goddamn money ? siegel if he 's gonna fuck I up the ass ! lansky hey . calm down . they be crazy . we be not . let 's use that . okay ? and costello shrug a truce . lansky bugsy , you and I do not need to be in business with maranzano . we get more job than we can handle . that 's not the problem . luciano so what be the problem ? lansky the minute we sell out to maranzano , that bastard be gonna have you knock off . a momentary silence fall over the group . lansky he 's afraid of you , ' cause you be a sicilian . and maybe , someday , you be gonna want to be the boss of boss . if he iced you now , there would be a stink . but if you work for he , nobody 's get a beef . costello mull the logic . siegel the deal 's too good , frankie frank what be ya thinkin ' , Charlie ? luciano that I get a smart Jew partner . CUT to : int : trapani social club - night a raucous swirl of unrestrained celebration , as a hundred man and woman dance , drink , and eat to the accompaniment of a sicilian band . Charlie and bugsy push through the crowd . luciano I be gonna thank the Don for the invite , then we be gettin' the hell out of here ! Tommy reina appear from out of the crowd . embrace bugsy . tommy reina paisan ! merry Christmas ! siegel good to see ya . how 's the Mrs .? Tommy grab he ball . tommy reina like always , bug . pregnant ! Tommy lean over to Charlie to whisper . tommy reina so ya tell maranzano to fuck off . Charlie shake he head " no " . luciano I send he a case of scotoch . tommy reina sure . a polite " fuck you " . luciano where 's masseria ? tommy reina in the corner . he 's be askin ' after ya . at the corner table joe masseria hold court . fat , crude , a man of unrestrained power and appetite , he have , none the less , a charmingly earthy directness of manner . at masseria 's right hand he toady , sonny catania , dance attendance . across the table , vito noto , still in he teens , enjoy the favor of two lady . masseria pound he empty wine goblet on the table and howl . masseria where' my fuckin ' wine ! spend five grand for a party a ' can not get a fuckin ' glass of wine . charlie ya already look drunk to I , Don . silence fall over the table . masseria but not drunk enough ! masseria laugh . rising , he envelop Charlie in a bear hug . masseria buona fuckin ' sera . he buss Charlie on the cheek and whisper . masseria maranzano 's tryin ' to kill I . in the men' room a couple of guy pull up they fly as catania herd they out of the men' room . masseria push he way in , follow by luciano . masseria move to one of the stall and drop he pants without bother to close the door . masseria he 's nottin ' but a fuckin ' cunt . he 's get no ball so he scheme and lie like a old woman . not especially anxious to watch masseria take a dump , Charlie step over to the urinal . masseria he want you on ice , ' cause that way he think he can beat I ! fuck that ! come with I and we will knock the crap out of he together ! masseria punctuate he tirade with a blast of intestinal gas . luciano if ever I need a boss , Joe . masseria yeah . yeah . I bet ya feed maranzano that same line . in the ensue silence , the only sound in Charlie 's piss ringing against the porcelain of the urinal . masseria I like that . luciano whatta ya mean , boss ? masseria ya piss like a man . CUT to : int : bobby clowe apartment - night lansky and he girl friend , Anna , stand in a corner , watch the ebb and flow of a holiday cocktail party , as Bobby clowe greet he guest . the crowd older , waspy , and subdued . Frank costello approach , a bit toast . frank hey , meyer . this the chickie that get you number ? meyer make a face indicate that frankie should cool it . Frank look apologetically to Anna . lansky Anna , I want you to meet a associate of mine . Frank costello . anna you be a importer also ? his brain not at 100 % , Frank puzzle a reply . frank well ... lansky Mr. costello handle we business with the government agency . frank that 's it . at the front door Charlie and bugsy arrive from the masseria party . bugsy eye the group skeptically as he slip out of he coat . no party girl here . siegel where 's the stiff ? luciano come on . be polite . bugsy slip he coat back over he shoulder . siegel sorry , Charlie . I gotta get my Johnson work tonight . luciano Jesus . siegel Hell . it 's be four day ! charlie walk out onto a balcony overlooking central park brace himself against the cold . at he railing , Bobby huddle with Gay orlova . Charlie hesitates , but Bobby call he over . bobby come join the polar bear Club . Gay light up as Charlie approach . bobby Charlie , Gay orlova . luciano we already meet . Bobby quickly size up the situation . bobby my aunt dill be in from Kansas City . maybe I would better check on she . as Bobby head back inside , Gay rub she arm against the cold . Charlie take off he jacket and slip it over she shoulder . luciano you here with Bobby ? gay orlova no. I be here with you . this evoke a shy smile from Charlie . luciano it 's be a while . I do not figure to see you again . in fact , I be not sure I ever see you at all . Gay snuggle against Charlie , shiver . gay orlova it 's so cold out here . Charlie embrace she , brush she hair with he hand . luciano there be warmer place . CUT to : int : luciano's bedroom - night Gay lay back across the satin sheet , leg and arm akimbo , relaxed and arouse . Charlie cover she with hungry kiss , as though she every curve be a attribute of a goddess and each caress of he lip , the praise of a poet . another angle as they voice meld rhythmically in ecstatic exclamation , and will fall prey to desire . curled up together in a tangle of satin , they bask in the afterglow of passion like lizard sun themselves on a rock . gay orlova be you frighten ? charlie why should I be ? a smile edge across Gay 's face . gay orlova you be so soft for a hard man . Charlie pull she closer . gay orlova I have everything . once . charlie so what happen ? gay orlova life knock I back . charlie I come into this world flat on my ass . gay orlova and now you have everything . charlie no . not everything . gay orlova up down . down up . it 's the same . you see thing through both eye . charlie I guess I be . just a little . gay orlova what do you mean ? charlie scare . dissolve to : int : luciano's bedroom - morning Charlie 's eye flutter , then open , in response to the morning light spilling across he face . Rolling over , he find himself face a empty bed . the petty annoyance of morning sleepiness drain from he face , unmask a blank stare of existential panic quite unlike any emotion Charlie have feel before . gay orlova emerge from the bathroom , a man 's silk robe wrap tight across she breast . she hesitates as she see the look on Charlie 's face , then slip out of the robe and begin dress . luciano what 's the matter ? gay orlova I must be go . in the live room Gay walk to the door , Charlie trail after , pull on the robe that Gay discard . luciano come on . it 's Christmas . at least stay for breakfast . gay orlova I be already late . luciano for what ? Gay shoot he a look that say , " not this shit already " . Charlie pull up short . she lean over and kiss he quickly . the telephone ring . gay orlova answer you phone . Charlie move to the phone . charlie do not go . ( pick up phone ) hello . lansky ( on phone ) we get problem , Charlie . Gay wave , then pull the front door close behind she . Charlie cover the butt end of the receiver and yell . charlie I do not even know where you live ! ( back on phone ) meyer , do I have to remind you what day it be ? lansky ( on phone ) Three of we truck be hijacked last night . we get New Year 's comin ' and no inventory . silently , Charlie curse he fate . charlie get hold of Frank and bugsy . we gotta go to Atlantic City . now . CUT to : ext : a seaside house - day under grey winter sky , youngster frolic on a freeze lawn . they look up as Charlie 's sedan pull into the driveway . int : nucky johnson' house - day the chaos of a family Christmas Day play in the background , as Johnson lead luciano and the boy to a quiet study . Arnold rothstein stand at the window , stare out at the ocean . rothstein why do not you tell I that maranzano have make you a offer ? luciano I turn he down flat . rothstein turn around and fix he gaze on Charlie . rothstein and if I have know , I would have warn you to expect this . we could have prepare . luciano masseria 's be after I too . rothstein thank you for keep I inform . luciano we be overdue to get hit . rothstein you think this be a coincidence ? next week half you customer will be buy they scotch , we scotch , from maranzano . in a month , he will be in Scotland talk to my distiller , because you can not move product . I will be out of business , and you will be work for maranzano . luciano we can operate around this guy . rothstein not by scurrying around like a puppy in a roomful of elephant . luciano okay . I be listen . rothstein a hundred year ago Austria be run by a prince name metternich . Austria be weak , and it 's neighbor be strong . but they be rule by passionate man , while metternich be ruthless and brilliant . if one country get too strong , he rally a alliance against it . he would lead all of Europe to the brink of war , then bring the enemy together and forge the peace . rothstein cup he hand in front of he . rothstein he barely have a Army , but he have Europe by the ball . rothstein 's word hang in the air , the boy a bit bewilder by the high - fly rhetoric . lansky make sense , Charlie . we gotta be make the move from now on . Charlie ponder for a moment . luciano this be you territory , nucky . how would you like to make a lotta dough for doin ' nothin ' ? nucky johnson spill it . luciano rothstein get a exclusive to land booze on the Jersey shore . we get protection for we truck up to the camden ferry . you get ten percent from each end . nucky johnson ( to rothstein ) there 's a shipment landin ' at cape May today . might solve you problem with New Year 's . rothstein who 's be it ? nucky can not help but smile . nucky johnson Don maranzano 's . ext : the jersey wood - dusk by the side of a two lane road , luciano and costello , axe in hand , chop awkwardly at the trunk of a tree . drop the axe , they push against the trunk , which finally crack and fall away from the road with a great crash . up the road lansky walk along a railroad track . he step on a lever mechanism build into the rail . at the grade where the rail cross the road , the warning signal clang and flash red . Siegel wave to lansky down the track . he pour water from a ten gallon container down the face of the grade . CUT to : ext : road - night headlights swing into view around a curve in the road . int : truck - same a brawny driver squint at the road ahead . a hawk - face gunman ride shotgun . the railroad grade loom into view . the warning signal flash and clanging . outside the truck as the gunman , shotgun in hand , move cautiously up the grade , he breath blow white in he cold . he slip on the ice that have form . the blast of he gun echoe through the night . he wave sheepishly to the driver . inside the truck the Driver shout to the man in the back of the truck . driver ( in italian ) it be only a accident ! in the wood costello and luciano struggle to topple a tree . unable to do so , they pick up they axe and slash desperately at the trunk . shoot through the truck windshield the gunman limp toward the truck , rub he ass . another blast shatter the night , and the gunman 's chest explode , splattering he gut across the windshield . as he fall , we see Siegel , a wool scarf wrap across he face , scramble up from the ditch at the side of the road , he shotgun smoking . the panicked driver slam the truck into gear , run over the body of the gunman . siegel fire again shatter the windshield , then leap back into the ditch . the truck move halfway up the grade where its rear wheel spin helplessly on the ice . the driver sees siegel climb back out of the ditch and calmly pull a pistol from he coat . he struggle to get the truck into reverse . as Siegel level he gun , the truck lurch backward , bump sickeningly over the body of the gunman . on luciano and costello as they push mightily against the tree trunk . it crack , and crash across the road , cut off the path of the truck . lansky and luciano scarve pull across they face , race toward the truck from opposite side of the road . they beat they pistol on its side , and order the man to throw they gun out . siegel rip the top off a bag of rock salt and pour the content across the grade . he trot toward the front of the truck , he pistol levele at the Driver . costello -- also masked move out of the wood toward the rear of the truck , as Siegel roughly drag the Driver around to the back of the truck . costello shove he pistol under the Driver 's chin . frank ( in italian ) tell they to throw they gun out ! driver ( in italian ) it 's impossible . do as they say ! costello pull the driver in front of he as a shield . Siegel climb up onto the rear bumper and unlatch the door . amidst the stacked case of scotch stand two Guards in long coat . frank ( in italian ) throw out you gun and coat ! the Guards comply , and step off the truck , hand raise over they head . luciano , lansky , costello , and Siegel surround they , all still mask , all with gun levele . Siegel pat the first Guard down . he pull a antique gold watch from the man 's vest pocket . the Guard grab for Siegel 's hand . first guard no ! luciano and lansky move in closer to bugsy . luciano forget it . siegel fuck ‘em . Siegel jerk he hand away , grip the watch in he fist beside he face . the Guard grab at the watch , catch bugsy 's scarf , and pull it from he face . siegel knock the Guard to the ground , beat he viciously with he pistol . as the Guard beg for mercy , Siegel slam the barrel of he pistol into the Guard 's mouth , and fire . Siegel stand up and look to the second Guard . truck horn blast a pair of headlight beam swing across the scene , as a second truck , identical to the first , screech to a halt just short of the fall tree . the second Guard make a run , but Siegel cut he down . the driver break away from costello and dive into the foliage of the fall tree . gunmen pour out of the second truck and open fire . Shots ring out from both side , with the Driver catch in the middle . luciano run to the front of the truck and jump behind the wheel . the engine whine , but will not turn over . costello and lansky seek cover along the side of the truck , but Siegel charge boldly out into the open , fire into the foliage of the tree . on the roof of the second truck a gunman draw a bead on Siegel as he advance on the tree . as if by instinct , Siegel look up at the gunman on the roof and blast he away . toss the pistol aside , he pull another from he coat . as the truck roar to life - costello and lansky climb into the back , shouting for Siegel to join they . siegel continue to blast away at the fall tree , when another gunman jump out from behind the truck , and wing bugsy on the right hand . bugsy retreat to the departing truck look back as meyer and Frank pull he aboard . the Driver crawl out of the branch of the fall tree , and on toward the second truck . outside the truck as it roar up the grade , rear tire catch on the salt . the truck bounce over the track , and speed on down the road . inside the truck Charlie slam a fist against the steering wheel . luciano shit ! lansky lean through the window from the rear of the truck . lansky we will figure out something . luciano I be suppose to be at my old man' for Christmas dinner at eight . CUT to : int : luciano family dine room - night in a respectable , middle class apartment , Antonio , rosalie , bartolo , bartolo 's wife , and he two small child , sit glumly around a table groan with holiday delicacy . bartolo pick up a knife and move to carve the turkey . Antonio erupt . ANTONIO luciano leave it alone ! bartolo the food 's already cold . we gotta wait for the rat to come out ? Antonio glare at he . bartolo toss the knife onto the table . the doorbell ring . bartolo jump up to answer it . outside the door where Charlie wait with he arm full of gift . as bartolo open the door , Charlie catch sight of he father 's deathly stare . he set the gift a a chair and hand Bart a wad of twenty . charlie when the old man calm down give he this . Charlie fish around in he pocket , and come with a stun sapphire necklace . charlie tell ma I be sorry . I do not have time to get it wrap . CUT to : int : charlie' bedroom - day Charlie pace the room , he brow furrow with concern , carry the phone as he talk in low urgent tone . in the live room - lansky , costello , and siegel sit around the coffee table , still in the clothes they wear for the hijack . the content of the bar be scattered across the coffee table , indicate serious drink in progress . costello glower at Siegel , as bugsy use he bandage right hand to pour a fresh measure of scotch . siegel I get a booger hangin ' out my nose , paisan ? Cause if I do not , I suggest you step over to the fuckin ' mirror and take a look . costello do not respond , but maintain he accuse gaze . lansky come off it , bug . siegel ( mock ) come off it , bug . lansky ben-jamin . bugsy grab the whiskey bottle , shatter it across the edge of the table , and hold the jag edge to he opposite wrist . siegel be it blood ya want ? Siegel jam he wrist against the jag edge , sparking a trickle of blood . he hold he wrist over the table , let the blood drip into a empty glass . he " milk " he arm to increase the flow of blood . siegel tell I when ya get enough . lansky shake he head in disgust . lansky there 's nothin ' in this world crazier than a crazy fuckin ' Jew . a white shirt fly into Siegel 's face . Charlie stand to one side , bare - chest . luciano wrap it . bugsy 's bravado collapse in the face of Charlie 's bloodless calm . he wrap he arm . luciano lower himself into a chair . luciano Johnson 's still on board . even maranzano will not screw with nucky in Atlantic City . but everywhere else , we get nothing but problem . siegel I will knock tem in , Charlie . I can do it . blow he fuckin ' head off . get rid of the bastard for good . luciano you would not live out the week . lansky we get exactly two choice , maranzano or masseria . siegel they do not give a shit about we ! luciano masseria 's scared . he might make we deal . siegel we can not sell out to that guy . they be not businessman ! but nobody pay the slight attention to bugsy 's protest . frank but maranzano 's get the man and the brain . luciano which be why he do not need we . frustrate at be ignore , bugsy shout . siegel all they care about be kill the nephew of some guy who screw they grandmother fifty year ago ! Charlie continue in a calm , contain voice . bugsy cross he arm across he chest and sulk . luciano at least masseria play by the rule . maranzano think he 's God , and the rule do not apply . lansky without we , masseria do not stand a chance , and he know it . frank I be sorry , but I sleep better when I know I be with the win side . lansky we be gonna be the win side . it 's like rothstein say about that guy in Austria . we be gonna use maranzano and masseria . let ‘em knock each other bloody . and then , when everybody 's screamin ' for peace , we step in to make it . what they be fight in ' over , everybody will beg we to take . frank I think we just want to be leave alone to run we business . luciano it 's past that . we take over the whole show , or we be all dead . bugsy perk up . siegel so we be gonna knock them both off ? luciano if it come to that . yeah . bugsy break into a broad grin . siegel well , shit . why the fuck ya do not come right out and say so ! fade to : int : charlie' live room - evening Charlie lay stretch out in he bathrobe . unshaven . the mess from earlier still scattered across the coffee table . the telephone ring . Charlie hesitates before answer . luciano luciano . gay orlova ( on telephone ) I be call yesterday . luciano something come up . gay orlova ( on telephone ) I need to see you again . luciano same here . gay orlova ( on telephone ) you be sure ? under he robe , Charlie adjust he suddenly swell member . luciano yeah . CUT to : close - on a door Charlie open it from inside the apartment . decked out in he tuxedo . he pull Gay inside . kick the door shut in we face . dissolve to : int : charlie' bedroom - night Charlie and Gay float on a cloud of post-coital bliss . she lay back , gently stroking the nape of he neck . he rub he cheek on she belly , gaze longingly over the swell of she breast . he inhale deeply , he face suffuse with dreamy pleasure . luciano why do you bother with perfume when you smell like this ? gay orlova it 's a mask . luciano you get something to hide ? gay orlova it 's too late . luciano have you think about this ? gay orlova why ? you be the innocent one . luciano guess I be too confuse to think . she lift he face in she hand . gay orlova do not worry , Charlie . I have never hurt a man . CUT to : int : hallway of pennsylvania HOTEL - day the elevator door slide open , and luciano and costello step out into the hallway , look down the empty corridor to a break - nose lug who stand guard by a door . down the hallway as the lug swing the door open for they . lug hope ya come hungry . joe masseria sit in the center of the room , at a table cover with hor d'oeuvre , meat and shellfish , antipasto , bowl of pastas , cheese , sauce , fruit , and pastry . enough to feed a dozen man . he look up from a pork loin he hold in both hand . masseria Excuse I bein ' rude . lookin ' at food always make I hungry . laying the pork loin aside , masseria rise to greet Charlie and Frank , wiping he hand on he napkin before shaking theirs . masseria I be glad ya come . luciano what 's with the banquet ? this be suppose to be a private meet . masseria it 's only we and sonny . hey , sonny . come on out . sonny catania enter by a side door and stand by a wall , regard Charlie with barely conceal contempt . masseria you boy carryin ' piece ? luciano you tryin ' to tell I something ? I do not come to a meet with a weapon unless it 's with a enemy . masseria see if this two be my friend . catania frisk they . masseria grab the pork loin and bite in . masseria so eat . sometime later Frank and Charlie sit back in they chair , the remnant of they lunch before they . across the table , masseria have manage to consume a incredibly large amount of food . he shove a entire pastry in he mouth , wash it down with wine . he scratch he distend belly , and belch . masseria you be a smart boy , Charlie , but there 's something ' you be not learn yet . a man need a family . luciano I know . when the storm hit , it do not pay to be catch outside . masseria I get a place for you . in my family ... or in the cemetery . luciano never threaten I , boss . masseria 's only response be a cold stare . luciano but yeah , I will join up . beam with pleasure , masseria pick up another pastry . luciano under the right condition . masseria 's enthusiasm fade as he chew on the pastry . luciano I be number two . above everybody but you , include catania here . catania bristle . after a moment 's hesitation , masseria nod . luciano we get a fair piece of all the action , and everything from I and my associate go into the pot . masseria nod again . luciano everything , that be , except not one fuckin ' drop of whiskey . that stay with I and my friend . a moment 's dead silence . masseria 's expression widen in fury , he eye bulg from he head . the half - eat dessert explode from he mouth , follow by a roar of protest . masseria you fuckin ' weasel ! you stupid shit eatin ' weasel ! ! masseria leap up and smashes he wine goblet against the wall . madly , he grab dish and toss they leave and right . catania , frighten , back away . costello grip the arm of he chair . luciano regards the tantrum with amused detachment . masseria pick up he chair , raise it over he head and bring it crash down into the table , send debris fly . he grab the table and flip it over , clear he path to Charlie . costello edge backward in he chair , but Charlie do not flinch . masseria grab the arm of charlie' chair and lean into he face , bellowing like wild beast . then , as quickly as the storm begin , it die . he grip Charlie by the shoulder . masseria you skinny son of a bitch ! you be the only paisan in this whole fuckin ' town be not afraid a Joe the boss ! masseria throw he arm around Charlie and buss he cheek . Charlie look over to frankie and shrug . luciano I guess we get a deal . CUT to : int : a wood - paneled conference room - night a dozen of masseria 's operative sit around the table . Joe masseria at one end , Charlie at the other , with Tommy reina and Frank costello at he side . luciano I will be spend most of my time helpin' the boss with the day to day . Frank costello will be in charge of all the gambling , and my good friend sonny catania will oversee burglary and the other strong - arm operation . Charlie lay a friendly hand on the shoulder of Tommy reina . luciano we will maintain a special relationship with Tommy reina and he boy in the bronx . treat they as you brother . Charlie rise out of he seat and circle the table . luciano we will maintain a respectful relationship with the profaci family in staten Island and with maranzano 's outfit in Brooklyn . they do not fuck with we , we do not fuck with they . catania what about lansky and Siegel ? luciano I get a liquor business with they , and they have also get the toughest enforcement operation in town , so I expect you will treat they very respectfully . the guy all laugh . masseria Charlie , vito have a idea for a job . I wanna hear what you think . masseria nudge vito noto , who sit to he leave . vito , nineteen and unsure of himself , look around to Charlie . vito noto I know this girl work for seventh Avenue fashion as a bookkeeper . luciano and you be pokin ' this sister so sweet , she 's gonna help you nab the payroll ? everybody laugh but vito . vito noto they get some old man who pick up at the bank every Friday . luciano I look at the job last year . that geezer be not workin ' alone . vito noto I figure we could hit them on thirty - first Street . luciano traffic 's crazy at that hour . how you gonna get out of there ? vito have no ready reply . Joe the boss leap in . masseria this business be about take risk . luciano calculate risk . but boss , this one do not calculate . Charlie 's contradiction of the boss send a wave of concern through the room . luciano if there 's a war , we be not gonna win it we troops in the slammer . masseria think a moment , then nod decisively in agreement . masseria that 's right . you bastard will not do I no good in jail . CUT to : int : luciano's apartment - night close on lansky as he sit on the sofa , fiddling nervously with a lansky glass of scotch . luciano regards he curiously . luciano come on , what 's the problem ? shake he head " no " . shrug noncommittally . luciano meyer . lansky it 's nothin' . I be gettin ' marry . luciano married ? to Anna ? ( kid ) you be not get she in trouble ? lansky no . we be not even ... luciano well , good . woman like that you do not have to keep a eye on . lansky guess I be not a single type guy . luciano whatta ya mean ? it 's great ! Charlie lift he glass for a toast . as the glass click , meyer 's drink splashes over the rim and dribble down the side of the glass . meyer wipe the glass with he hand , then , find nothing to wipe he hand on , dry it on he pant leg . lansky we be go to Atlantic City for the honeymoon . luciano I will talk to nucky . get you set up like the fuckin' Prince of Wale . lansky I be thinkin' ... luciano good . ' Cause every time you start thinkin' , we end up makin ' money . lansky we need to put together a meet for the whole country . we all get the same problem . we could talk . meet the guy we do not know . lift a few with the guy we do . luciano like a party for all we friend . lansky italian , Jews , irish . one big party . course , some guy do not get along . Charlie smile . luciano like Don maranzano . lansky and if we do not invite maranzano , we can not invite masseria . guy do not wanna be choosin ' side . luciano I will handle the boss . lansky so we end up with everybody but the two boss , at we meet . we be not sayin ' we be the leader , but we be leadin' . luciano how soon can we pull this off ? lansky I be gettin ' marry in six week . I will already be in Atlantic City which be probably the best place to do it anyway . Charlie shoot meyer a judgmental look . luciano you honeymoon , meyer ? lansky might as well put the time to use . int : a jewish temple - afternoon a utterly terrify meyer lansky stand under a chupa in front of a Orthodox rabbi , next to he bride , Anna . lansky stamp he foot down on the glass , sealing the marriage . CUT to : int : anna's family apartment - evening gangster mix uneasily with exemplar of middle - class jewish respectability . at the door , Anna 's parent greet Joe masseria . as he move on , Anna 's mother whisper to she husband . anna's mother who be meyer to have such friend ? Anna 's mother nod to masseria . anna's mother look at he hand . a common butcher , fat from too much meat . Anna 's Father shrug . anna's father mama . meyer 's a man of liberal sensibility . from a corner of the live room Gay stand with Charlie , eyeing Anna piteously . gay orlova you could have stop he . luciano ya never tell a guy about a broad . gay orlova so you all make the same mistake ? luciano give we something in common . Gay pluck Charlie 's champagne glass from he hand . gay orlova I wish I could disagree . as Gay leave in search of a refill , Charlie spot masseria chat with Tommy reina . masseria break away from reina and march over to Charlie . masseria Tommy tell I that capone 's come in from Chicago . luciano he 's try to make it . masseria he will think something 's wrong I be not there . luciano he will know you be smart enough to stay away , boss . masseria what the fuck do that mean ? luciano you know that if you come , we gotta invite maranzano . masseria so fuck he . I do not care anymore . let he come . luciano so he can talk to all the family behind you back ? maybe have he own meet at 3:00 am under the goddamn boardwalk ? no . you be too smart for a sucker play . Charlie lean in to whisper a confidence . luciano you be so big , you do not even have to come to the meet . you have you number two run it for you . masseria nod in affirmation . masseria and that shitloader maranzano do not even get a fuckin ' invite . Charlie tap himself on the chest . luciano do not I make the boss look good ? masseria laugh and slap Charlie across the back . CUT to : ext : the breaker HOTEL - atlantic CITY - day a long black limousine pull up the circular drive . in the lobby wasp family , array in summer pastel , take tea under the pot palm . Charlie , Gay , meyer , and Anna , dress in darker , more conservative attire , approach the registration desk . meyer step forward , strain to mimic the anglo - saxon manner . lansky Mr. and Mrs. Michael land . we be in the presidential suite . the clerk betray himself with a slight , condescending smile . registration clerk of course , Mr. land . if you could sign in please . and you , sir ? Charlie catch the clerk 's attitude , but play it cool . luciano Mr. and Mrs. Charles luther . registration clerk ( slyly taunting ) you would not be related to the bryn mawr luther , now would you ? Charlie fix the clerk with a murderous stare . registration clerk I suppose not . they be quite fair . outside the HOTEL as Siegel exit the lobby , a over - chrome white dusenberg pull up . Al capone stick he head out the back window . al capone I be not stayin ' in a hotel with no fuckin ' kike ! capone step out of the car , deck out in a flamboyant style . bugsy gesture for capone to cool it . al capone wassa matter ? some Ziegfeld shiksa you be bangin ' convert ya ? siegel do not nucky tell you about the deal with the hotel ? al capone yeah . yeah . get I a new name , and I wear my funeral suit so they will think I be a fuckin' Senator . inside the lobby capone strut up to the front desk , trail by enough luggage to sink cleopatra 's barge . impatient , capone bang on the bell . the clerk turn around to face the counter , he eye widen in disbelief at the vulgarity of capone 's attire . he lean over the counter to take in the whole view . capone beam . al capone have it custom make . registration clerk so comforting to know there 's only one . capone extend a hand across the counter . al capone mista Albert caper . the clerk reluctantly shake he hand . registration clerk Excuse I , Mr. caper . the clerk disappear , then reappear trail the manager . manager there seem to be some confusion about you registration . I believe I can find you a place at the ambassador . many person of the jewish faith find it quite ... al capone I be not no fuckin ' kike ! manager I be sorry , sir . we clientele be restrict to White anglo - saxon . al capone and I be not no nigger either ! manager Sir , we do not use such name at we hotel . capone lift the manager 's tie onto the counter and finger it menacingly . al capone I call them nigger and kike , but I let them into my fuckin ' hotel . the desk clerk signal for the House detective , who hurry across the lobby . manager you own a hotel , sir ? al capone the bismark in Chicago . you familiar ? capone pull a cute little pistol out of he jacket and use the manager 's tie to shine the barrel . manager a fine establishment , Mr. caper . capone yank the tie , pull the manager closer . al capone and the name be not caper . the House detective lay a hand on capone 's shoulder . house detective look , buddy . what 's the big idea ? releasing the manager 's tie , capone turn around . house detective mister capone ! Excuse I . behind they , the manager fall in a dead faint . CUT to : ext : the boardwalk - morning a dozen canopy roller - chair , each with two passenger push by a negro attendant , move along the boardwalk . at the end of the boardwalk the dark - suite gangster alight from the roller - chair , remove they shoe and sock , roll up they pants , and walk to the water 's edge to discuss they business in complete privacy . bugsy siegel and moe dalitz walk as the surf wash over they foot . siegel we get together , we can tell that greedy scotsman what we be gonna pay for they whiskey . moe dalitz make sense . but who 's the boss ? siegel there be not no boss . frank costello and the gentle giant , albert scalise , enter the frame as Siegel and dalitz exit . albert scalise but I do not understand . be this a sicilian operation ? a calabrian operation ? a Jew operation ? frank it 's a american operation . everybody get a vote . albert scalise but who 's the boss ? costello shake he head in frustration . frank there be not no boss . scalise look skeptically to costello . albert scalise come on , frankie . you can tell I . who 's the boss ? as costello and scalise exit the frame meyer lansky and boo - boo hoff enter . lansky we have a commission . if there 's a dispute over territory , the commission decide . boo - boo hoff tell I something , meyer . how can you get up at dawn to walk on the beach if you be on you honeymoon ? lansky the commission do not decide how I spend my honeymoon . boo - boo hoff hey , I ignore my wife too . but on we honeymoon I pay attention . lansky boo-boo . boo - boo hoff not another word . charlie enter the frame he arm around the shoulder of Al capone . al capone what you be sayin ' make a lotta sense . ya know , if I keep on killin’ people like I have , I will not have no more friend leave ! luciano you have get the public upset , Al . al capone but you know I never kill nobody that do not deserve it . luciano when the people get so upset , we politician friend gotta listen . al capone what be ya tellin ' I , Charlie ? Charlie stop and grip capone by both shoulder . luciano we be ask you to go to prison . al capone but I have never serve a day . luciano if it be not important for everybody , we would not ask . we get friend in Philly . they can send you up for a couple month on a weapon charge . al capone awwh , Charlie . luciano minimum security . you will have everything but broad . not want to face up to this , capone avoid Charlie 's gaze . luciano Al , you owe I one . capone kick the sand . al capone shit ! CUT to : int : luciano's office - day close - on the sinister face of " mad Dog " coll , free lance killer for hire , as he stare directly into the camera . a chill smile play tentatively on he mouth , as though he can not decide whether to charm or intimidate . mad dog coll you be forgetin' . I do not work for the boss ... ' less he 's get a couple grand and somebody to be rid of . from behind he desk , Charlie regards he with cold contempt . luciano civilian get blow away , cop come to I for answer . mad dog coll you own the motherfuckin ' police ! luciano there 's rule . and number one be no contract job in my territory . coll lean toward Charlie , let the full force of he psychotic personality cast it 's pall . mad dog coll if I play by the rule , I would be sellin ' fuckin ' hat . in the hallway coll enter the elevator , nodd to the Operator . mad dog coll first floor . as the Operator pull the door shut , a huge hand stop it . two break - nose thug climb on board , crowd coll back into a corner . the first thug move nose to nose with coll . first thug basement . in charlie' office vito stick he head through the door . vito noto boss want you right away . CUT to : int : masseriax limousine - day Charlie sit in the back with masseria , who 's clearly ina foul mood . vito drive , anxiously watch the boss in the mirror . luciano where we head ? masseria wassa matter , Mr. Big shot . do not have time for my business no more ? luciano boss , I get all the time you need . masseria I know about you . ignoring the taunt , luciano turn and look out the window . masseria and what go on you little party in Atlantic City . I get ear . luciano that little party 's gonna make you a lotta money . masseria money don't mean shit ! luciano do not know you feel that way . masseria haul off and backhand Charlie across the face . masseria do not you smart talk I ! Charlie stare at masseria , stone - face . wanting to kill this bastard , but the time be not right . outside the limousine as it pull up past a car park halfway up the sidewalk . next to it stand one of masseria 's henchmen . it 's a narrow street in the garment district , little more than a alleyway between two broad avenue . runner push rack of clothes . truck make delivery clog the passage of traffic . back in the limo masseria slap a pistol into Charlie 's palm . masseria you and vito be gonna pull that payroll job . right now . luciano you gotta plan this thing . masseria and I get it all plan . in the front seat , vito nod for Charlie to go along . the pistol lay in Charlie 's lap , aim at masseria . Charlie 's finger stroke the trigger . masseria notice and bait he with the unnerve calm of the truly mad . masseria go ahead , Charlie . we can always fight this out in Hell . Charlie lift the pistol off he lap and train it on the boss . masseria you be waste my time , Charlie . battle he every instinct , Charlie lower the pistol and slip it into he jacket . masseria you will never be the boss . you be too in love with livin ' . charlie and vito climb out of the limo and the henchman climb behind the wheel . henchman the motor 's runnin ' . they watch as the limo maneuver through the obstacle course of traffic . they turn and look toward the bank building that sit at the end of the alleyway on seventh Avenue . as they pass the getaway car , Charlie slow , fight the urge to flee . CUT to : ext : the fort lee highland - day in a park , a car pull to the side of the road . the two thug climb out , open the trunk , haul out the body of mad Dog coll , and dump it down a hillside . the body beat and bloody , roll to a stop at the bottom of the hill . coll 's eye flicker open , he mouth tremble in pain as tear streak down he face . you could almost feel sorry for the guy . CUT to : ext : the alleyway - late afternoon as Charlie and vito move down the alley , a clap of thunder unleash a summer downpour . pedestrian run for cover . thin old man carry a brown leather satchel , scurries out of the bank . he hoist the satchel over he head as protection from the rain . vito head down the sidewalk toward the payroll messenger . Charlie follow on the opposite sidewalk , scan the alley for potential problem . as the payroll messenger enter the alley a young man push a rack of garment through the rain , fall in behind he . vito slow as he spot a policeman on horseback on seventh Avenue . the cop look up the alley , then ride on . at the service entrance to seventh avenue fashion a workman finish load a sidewalk elevator , and yell below for a co-worker to bring it down . as the payroll messenger near seventh Avenue fashion , vito hurry to catch he . across the STREET feeling for he gun , Charlie head across the alley toward vito . a horn blare . he jump back and a long truck roll slowly past , cut off he path . vito tackle the payroll messenger send the satchel skid across the wet sidewalk and down the shaft of the sidewalk elevator . the Young man push the garment rack pull a pistol from he coat . vito scramble to he feet and race to the elevator as the cover close . he heave it back open . the workman stand in the recede elevator , satchel at he foot , look up into the barrel of vito 's gun . the workman squat and grab the satchel . as the truck finally pass Charlie spot the Young man with he gun out , try to maneuver the rack out of he path . desperate , he push the clothes aside , and step halfway through the rack , gun draw . above the elevator as the terrify workman toss the satchel up . as vito grab it , a shot knock he to the sidewalk . on the young man leaning through the rack as he take dead aim for a second shot at vito . charlie garb the rack and jerk it down into the STREET pull the gunman along with it . Charlie race to vito and pull he to he foot . blood seep through a hole in he chest . Charlie grab the satchel from he arm . the mounted policeman appear at seventh Avenue and charge up the alley on horseback , as Charlie drag vito up the sidewalk . Charlie pull out he pistol and fire at the horse . on the policeman as he and he horse tumble to the pavement . charlie push vito into the back seat of the car toss the satchel into the front , and climb behind the wheel . the car spin off the wet sidewalk , crash to the street . behind the car the dismount policeman fire , shatter the rear window . inside the car as it slow , its path block by the long truck that stop Charlie as he try to cross the street . Charlie jerk the steering wheel , send the car up onto the sidewalk and past the truck . a hasidic jew carrying a package back out of a doorway into the path of the oncoming car . charlie slam on the brake but the car slide on the wet pavement , slamm into the man with a sicken thud , and send he fly over the hood , up the windshield , and across the roof of the car . charlie beat on the steering wheel in frustration , as the car pull out onto eighth Avenue . the rain cut the smear of blood on the windshield . Charlie look back at vito , sprawle in the back seat , dead . consumed with rage Charlie grab the satchel and dump the money out the window . on the STREET as a cloud of dollar dance on the urban canyon breeze . CUT to : ext : cemetery - day Charlie stand in a small crowd by a open grave , as a Priest sprinkle holy water onto a coffin . Tommy reina , and some of masseria 's man , be there , but there 's no sign of the boss . luciano whisper condolence to vito 's weep mother , press a envelope into she hand , then move toward the line of limo . lansky , siegel , and costello wait in the limousine as Charlie climb in . luciano bastard do not even show . frank he 's hidin ' . Word 's out Tommy reina 's goin ' over to maranzano . luciano get word to maranzano . I want a meet . alone . on neutral turf . lansky shoot Charlie a skeptical look . luciano after all this time I would think you would know I better , meyer . lansky it 's not myself I be worried about . luciano I will do fine . siegel maranzano want you dead . luciano yeah . but he need I alive . CUT to : int : arnold rothstein apartment - day a massive live room , elaborately furnish in expensive antique . Charlie stand by a twelve foot high window , look out over the tree along fifth Avenue to Central Park beyond . rothstein , enthrone in a wing chair , swirl wine in he glass and sip , savore the taste of he wealth . rothstein if it 's a bless you need I would suggest the ablution of the Holy mother Church . luciano turn away from the window . impatient . luciano who first ? and when ? rothstein explode . rothstein tactic ! always tactic ! recovering he composure , rothstein continue . rothstein Strategy . luciano talk English . okay ? I do lousy at school . rothstein the Big picture . luciano that 's just what I be sick of . everybody lookin ' to knock somebody off ! greedy for what you get . a bunch of fuckin ' hog at the trough . rothstein so change it . this strike Charlie like a prophecy from delphi . rothstein bring order out of chaos . if you lead ... they will follow . luciano and what do you want out of this ? rothstein a peaceful and prosperous retirement . CUT to : ext : staten island ferry - night Charlie lean over the railing , stare down at the garbage be pull in the wake of the ferry . CUT to : ext : staten island shipping pier - night Charlie climb out of a cab at the foot of a steel pier . in the distance the staten Island ferry return to Manhattan . as the cab pull away , maranzano appear from behind a shipping crate . maranzano it 's be too long , my bambino . the Don embrace he prodigal Son . inside a dark , empty warehouse Charlie and the Don sit on a couple of pack crate . maranzano reach over and rub Charlie 's cheek affectionately . maranzano tell I , my son . why do you go with giuseppe ? he 's not we kind . luciano I find that out . maranzano we learn from life . luciano that 's why I be here . maranzano come with I will be a delicate matter . we will work it out . but Charlie ... maranzano grasp Charlie 's hand . maranzano condition have change . some people have become too powerful . luciano I will take care of the boss . his hand tighten around Charlie 's . maranzano not masseria . the Jews . Charlie pull back , but maranzano hold firm to he hand . maranzano if you give he the chance , lansky will betray you like juda . luciano I do not fuck my partner . maranzano no worry , Charlie . I will kill they for you . no one will know . Charlie pull himself free from maranzano 's grasp . maranzano at first , it will hurt you . but you will come to understand and we will be strong together . luciano you be fuckin ' crazy . you be all fuckin ' crazy ! close - on Charlie 's face as a blackjack crack across the crown of he skull , and he eye roll back in he head . CUT to black : muffled voice over the sound of wood scrapping on concrete , the screeching of metal on metal , and a hard splash of water . CUT to : charlie' batter face dripping wet . his eye fluter open . Charlie hang by he wrist from a beam , he toe barely touch the ground . half a dozen man , they face cover with bandanas , surround he . maranzano stand to one side as Charlie stir from he stupor . look toward maranzano , Charlie shake he head " Ho " , maranzano nods and the man converge on Charlie . work he over with belt , club , and fist . not a sound escape from between Charlie 's clench tooth . maranzano enough ! one of the man light up a cigarette , slip it under he bandana to smoke . maranzano one word , and all this will end . Charlie stare at maranzano , then croak he response . luciano no. maranzano shake he head and nod to the man smoking maranzano always the wrong word , Charlie . close on charlie as the cigarette burn into he chest , he body shaking in pain as two of the man hold he . another man light up , he face glow red in the light of the match . then the man back away as maranzano move in closer to the barely conscious luciano . maranzano they will still die , even if you die first . and all for nothing . Charlie try to form he mouth into word . his breath come in desperate gasp . maranzano caress Charlie 's bloat face . maranzano why must you hurt I like this ? charlie jerk he knee up into maranzano's groin maranzano double over and fall to the ground , howling . as the man move in on Charlie , maranzano stagger back to he foot . he grab a knife from one of the man and slashes Charlie 's face . one of the man pull out a gun , leveling it at Charlie 's head . maranzano knock the man away . maranzano no ! let he live to see what the Jews have cost he . dissolve to : ext : a deserted road - dawn Charlie crawl on all four through the gravel at the side of the road . a police car whizze by , but we hear it slow down and pull over . as the car door open , then slam shut , Charlie look up , only now aware of the cop . he collapse into the gravel . CUT to : int : hospital room - day Charlie lay in bed , cast on both arm and one of he leg . the right side of he face sag where he facial muscle be cut , give he a particularly sinister look . Gay try to help he turn over on he side . gay orlova pull yourself toward I . grimace at the pain , Charlie grab the edge of the bed and pull himself over on he right side , leave he bare backside face the door . Gay use a washcloth to wipe sweat from he forehead . Charlie grab it away from she and use it to hide the tear of pain welling in he eye . gay orlova I book passage to London . luciano London ? gay orlova my friend have a country house we can use for a while . angry , Charlie throw the damp washcoth in she face . luciano what the hell be wrong with you ! Gay struggle to hold back she tear . luciano if I look weak now , it 's over . gay orlova I be very sorry ... I do not ... luciano oh , God . do not start actin ' like a fuckin ' wife on I . bugsy siegel stick he head in the door only to be greet by Charlie 's bare ass . siegel you be lookin ' better already . Charlie cut off the laughter when he shout over he shoulder . luciano where 's the morphine ! costello and lansky follow Siegel into the room . lansky you be get ' 10 cc 's luciano I tell you twenty ! pay he no mind , lansky pull a vial and a hypodermic out of he pocket . fill the syringe , he lean over Charlie 's ass . frank relax , Charlie . Charlie grasp Gay 's hand , then react to the needle . luciano you bastard , I say twenty ! lansky it will just be a few minute . luciano I need the twenty ! but Charlie realize that he protest be to no avail . luciano fuck you all . lose she composure , Gay run from the room . Charlie , call after she . luciano not you ! but she 's go . costello push the door shut behind she . siegel everybody 's talkin ' about ya , Charlie . first time anybody ever get take for a ride and live . luciano ( bitter ) guess I be just lucky . siegel that 's just what they be call ya pal . lucky luciano . frank masseria 's confuse . he can not figure whether you be workin ' for maranzano , or gettin ' ready to kill the bastard . so he 's spreadin ' the word that you be goin ' after profaci because it happen on he turf . I figure masseria 's gonna try to rub out profaci , and pin it on we . then maranzano will have to kill ya . luciano you get man on profaci 's place ? frank we get we boy paintin ' the house next door . around the clock . we be gonna keep old man profaci alive if it take twenty coat . lansky Tommy reina 's go over to maranzano , but so far masseria be not lift a finger , luciano the fat man 's scared . scare of we , and scared without we . same with maranzano . we gotta get they mind back on each other . this fuckin ' peace be killin ' we . lansky we can get the war start tomorrow , but it will not be pretty . luciano who ? Siegel now he lansky Tommy reina . siegel what you mean ? Tommy be not do nothin’ . lansky maranzano will think masseria order the hit , and will not have no choice but to start the war . siegel why 's it gotta be Tommy ! lansky masseria will not have any choice but to trust you . and as long as we keep the boss alive , maranzano can not win without you . luciano do not touch Tommy until masseria go after profaci . explode . siegel jesus christ will ya listen to I ! have they attention . siegel I be a hard guy . I do more job than alla you combine . and I never say no . not once . but dammit I do not understand why the hell we gotta kill we friend ! luciano because the world be not big enough for the don . so we gotta choose between we friend and ourselves . it be not the way I would make the world , but that 's the way it be . lansky we be gonna change it , bug . once we get rid of the don , the Commission 's gonna rule . no more war . no more vendettas . no more boss of all the boss . siegel yeah . and no more Tommy reina . CUT to : ext : staten island STREET - day a row of substantial home overlook New York Harbor . a crew of painter work on one of the house . a car pull into the driveway of the house next door . a middle - age woman and she teenage daughter climb out , with package from a shopping trip . on the balcony of the first house a young painter closely watch the two woman as they move toward they house . inside a bedroom off the balcony Frank costello watch out a window , as he talk on the phone . frank I be startin ' to think profaci 's losin ' it . be here three week and he be not give we a look . CUT to : int : luciano's apartment - day Charlie lay in bed , propped up on pillow , out of he cast . luciano masseria 's tryin ' to find a way around ya . but he patience will not hold out much longer . frank ( on phone ) how 's bugsy doin ' ? luciano Tommy reina 's hauntin ' he dream . but he will do he job . Gay enter the bedroom carry a hot water bottle . as she slip it under Charlie 's back , he pull she down onto the bed . luciano bye , Frank . Gay try to squirm away from Charlie , but he grab she hand . luciano a lot of shit come out of I in the hospital . I be sorry you get hit by it . gay orlova ( cool ) you must be feel better , if you be look for sex again . Charlie twist she arm , and Gay yelp in pain . luciano I mean just what I say . Charlie toss she arm away from he in disgust . Gay soften . gay orlova you be not the only one who have to be hard for the world . Charlie and Gay stare at each other from across the bed . gay orlova that 's why I understand you . she move close to Charlie , rub a hand across he chest . gay orlova would it be painful for you ? luciano it always be . CUT to : close - on charlie' face as he lay on top of Gay , clenching he tooth in pain as he thrust himself inside she again and again . as they near they climax , Charlie desperately kiss Gay about the face . he stifles a cry , but tear pour down he cheek . no longer able to hold back , Charlie bury he face in Gay 's hair and sob . CUT to : int : profaci house - day joe profaci's daughter preens in front of a mirror in a new dress , the price tag still hang from the front . in the live room joe profaci sit with one leg throw over the arm of he easy chair , read the newspaper . his daughter pull the paper aside and model she dress . Joe smile he approval , but gesture for she to come closer . as he try to read the price tag , she laugh and pull away . outside the house a panel truck park and a uniform deliveryman jump out with package in hand and head up the walk . the painter on the balcony next door watch the deliveryman . move to the window and tap on it . Inside the bedroom , costello start awake in the chair where he 's doze off . he hurry to the window as the deliveryman disappear under the roof of the profaci porch . costello hurtle out the front door and race toward the street . at profaci's front door his daughter open the door for the deliveryman . he hand she a clipboard to sign . at the truck costello fling open the rear door . the back be empty . on the porch the deliveryman take the clipboard and hand the daughter the package . he turn to see costello , racing up the walk he pistol draw . costello shout to the girl . frank Drop the package ! the deliveryman look for a escape route . the profaci 's daughter clutches the package like a life preserver . costello drop to one knee and shoot the light fixture over the girl 's head explode . she drop the package and race inside , slamm the door as she go . inside the house profaci herd he daughter and wife down into the basement . on the porch the deliveryman crawl toward the package lay expose in front of the door . as he grab the package , another shot explode into the door . costello kneel on the lawn wait for the deliveryman to reappear . inside the house Joe profaci , a pistol raise next to he head , peer down the hallway toward the front door . on the front porch the deliveryman leap up , ready to heave the package at costello . Three shot tear into he chest . he drop the package and fall across it . the front porch explode in a ball of FIRE costello duck as a volley of flame debris shower over he . he look up at the huge hole tear in the front of the house . Joe profaci emerge through the smoke , gun draw . costello raise he weapon in response . profaci , puzzle to see he , lower he gun . joe profaci frankie ? be that you ? what the hell 's goin ' on ? costello shrug . frank deliveryman have the wrong address . CUT to : int : siegel' apartment - night bugsy sit at a kitchen table litter with shotgun shell . he tip gunpowder from a tin onto a scale , then pour the measure into a empty shell with a jeweler 's precision . he twist a cap onto the shell , and add it to a pile . the wall phone ring . siegel yeah ... ya sure profaci 's okay ?... Tommy 's havin ' dinner with he aunt in Brooklyn like he do every Monday . Siegel look at he watch . siegel yeah . I get time . CUT to : ext : a brooklyn STREET - night Siegel sit in a car on a street of neatly keep brownstone . the front door to one of the brownstone swing open . Tommy reina give he aunt a kiss on the cheek . as reina move down the sidewalk bugsy step from behind a tree . reina pull up short . reina jeez , bugsy . ya like to scared the crap outta I . siegel just want to say hello . as they shake hand , Siegel seem reluctant to let go . siegel know something Tommy ? you be a mensch . reina that a Jew compliment ? siegel best we get . reina awww ... deep down I be a bastard , but when ya get eight kid ya can not make enemy . siegel guess so . ya get a minute ? I get something ' for ya . close - on the trunk of siegel' car as it pop open , revealing a cache of weapon . bugsy gesture to the pile . siegel take any one ya like . reina kinda early for Christmas , bug . siegel a Jew 's gotta let he heart tell he when to give he present . a little uncertain , but not want to offend , reina pull out a saw - off shotgun with a gleam silver barrel and a perfectly wax rosewood stock . he inspect it admiringly . siegel ya get a eye for a tool . Siegel tilt the barrel toward he own temple . siegel blow a fella 's brain clean out . reina laugh uneasily as Siegel pull the gun from he head . reina you be fuckin ' crazy . siegel but only on purpose , Tommy . reina this be nice . I mean it . Siegel tap he chest over he heart . siegel from here , paisan . a shy smile flicker across Tommy 's face . reina see ya around . reina slip the shotgun under he coat , and turn to go . siegel oh , Tommy . reina turn around and stare up the barrel of a pistol Siegel have levele at he . siegel it 's a bad world . the gun explode in reina 's face . CUT to black : and we hear the blat ! blat ! blat ! of machine gun fire shatter glass . tire squeal . bystander scream and stampede . a basso voice howl , then gurgle as life drain out . a man struggle against a onslaught of long knife , furniture crash , steel tear flesh . a room explode . siren wail . a dozen police radio crackle with urgent call . a hundred keen widow screech they lamentation as a hundred shovel break the earth . a sicilian brass band bleat a funeral march . CUT to : two watchful bodyguard - day pose like bookend on either side of the entrance to Charlie 's apartment building . luciano emerge from the lobby with lansky , the guard fall in behind they as they move down the street . at a corner newsstand Charlie scoops up the New York Mirror . the tabloid headline scream . " blood flow in gang war " , over a photo of the bullet - ride remain of Albert scalise slump in a gutter . luciano ai not nuttin ' look worse than a stiff laid up in the street . a cadillac limousine pull to the curb next to the newsstand . four man climb out and keep a watchful eye in all direction . a second limo pull up behind it . it 's armour plate door and bullet proof window remain close . a third limo pull up after the second . sonny catania climb out . outside the third limo Charlie 's bodyguard lead a reluctant catania back toward the apartment building as luciano and lansky climb into the limo . luciano sonny , you better hope you boss need you more than he want I dead . CUT to : int : stake -out apartment - day in the bedroom , bare save a mattress on the floor and a chair by the window , a Young tough fight to stay awake as he watch the courtyard and the street beyond . a dog roam the room . in the bathroom - a older tough sit on the toilet , read a italian newspaper . in the bedroom the dog pause by the mattress and lift its leg . the Young tough leap from he chair at the sound . young tough ( in italian ) no ! get away you dirty bastard ! the dog jump away from the mattress , move right , then leave , determine to avoid the blow . CUT to : ext : STREET in front of apartment - same the three limousine pull up to the curb . the man from the first car run to the second limo , form a phalanx around masseria as he climb out and head into the courtyard . catania , luciano , and lansky follow behind . CUT to : int : stake -out apartment - same hear car on the street , the Young tough run to the window . young tough ( in italian ) Giovanni ! it 's masseria ! the older tough scramble out of the bathroom , struggle with he pants as he grab for he gun . he reach the window just as masseria disappear into the foyer across the courtyard . CUT to : int : masseria safe house apartment - same a dark , musty space . barely furnish . dirty brown roller blind pull down over the window , shutting out light and pry eye . masseria spill over a stout leather armchair , he man pose in the corner of the room like nubian guard . luciano and lansky sit opposite . masseria ya can do business with a guy a long time and still have no idea what get he dick hard . then , something ' happen , and he show himself like one of minsky 's broad . then ya know that fella . lansky the worm will be feastin ' on that fat gut of yours before Charlie luciano show he ass . masseria that 's just my problem . luciano if I want to kill ya , I woulda do it long ago . it 's not like you be not give I reason . masseria I be still the boss of all the boss ! and you will do what I say ! luciano so tell I when I be not do it . masseria how can I trust you when you look at I like that ? luciano you get no fuckin ' choice . you might be able to stay alive , but you be never gonna win the war from this fuckin ' rat hole . masseria ( plead ) tell I , Charlie . please . luciano why should I go against you , boss ? nobody can handle this business like you . maranzano will never know the crap that you forget . he 's get no business bein ' boss . the idea make I wanna puke . you be the boss , a it 's gonna stay that way . masseria relax in the bosom of flattery . a broad smile light up he ugly mug . masseria so today , maybe I do not kill you Mr. lucky luciano . CUT to : int : apartment foyer - day luciano , lansky , and masseria stand aside in the elevator , allow the Guards to move ahead into the foyer . masseria ai not have a decent meal in week . this fuckin ' war 's gonna have I skin and bone like you boy . int : stake -out apartment - same the window overlook the courtyard stand open , the winter air gust into the room . the two tough stand to either side of the window , hide from view , shotgun at the ready . in the courtyard - the guard cluster by the entrance to the foyer . as the limousine appear at the curb , one of they tap on the foyer door . lansky step into the courtyard , and follow the guard to the street . Charlie step into the doorway , blink against the harsh midday light . he look carefully up and down the courtyard , then signal for masseria . as charlie step aside to let masseria pass he spot the open window on the third floor opposite , the only one open on a cold day . as masseria step through the door , Charlie throw himself at the boss , send they both tumble backwards into the foyer . shotgun blast tear the door apart , as masseria shimmy backwards across the floor of the foyer . charlie edge up to the wall , break out a tiny window onto the court , and shoot up at the third floor . one of the guard charge up the courtyard from the street , only to be knock over by a shotgun blast . the other Guards stop in they track . disgust - lansky grab a shotgun from one of the Guards . run down the street to the corner and around toward the alley . the two tough throw they weapon to the floor , sprint to the kitchen , and on down the rear service staircase , follow closely by the dog . they dash along a narrow passageway that run alongside the building , darting between garbage can , man 's best friend still in hot pursuit . at the end of the passageway the older tough scale a tall chain link fence . as he throw he leg over the top , lansky jump out from behind a wall and blow the man 's face clean off he skull . his body topple backwards , landing at the foot of the Young tough . as the young tough back up lansky shove the barrel of the shotgun through the fence , and blast he in the chest . the dog yap threateningly at meyer . in the foyer - masseria move cautiously toward the door , where Charlie stand , as the Guards outside shout confuse instruction to one another . masseria this fool would have I dead . anything , Charlie . tell I what you want . Charlie grab masseria playfully by the back of he fat neck , then kiss he sicilian style , full on the lip . luciano trust I . CUT to : ext : the bronx zoo - day a cold , overcast day . the place nearly desert . luciano , lansky , Siegel , and costello wait in front of the lion ' cage . maranzano and joe profaci give a friendly wave as they approach down a walkway , to all appearance a pair of harmless retiree at they leisure . the great cat climb to they foot and roar , as though hail the King . maranzano even the beast of the earth know who rightfully reign . luciano they do what I tell them . maranzano salvatore . always hold himself above . luciano you and I both . sal-va-to-re . maranzano stiffen as Charlie spit out he name like a curse . maranzano we must be friend , Charlie . luciano keep my term and I will not be you enemy . maranzano the term will be mine . luciano the guy doin ' the job name the price . if you do not like it , you can kill masseria yourself . maranzano I will be the boss of all boss . luciano what make you think I give a damn about that sicilian crap ? he look around to he partner , luciano tell it to the calabrian . tell it to the Jews . maranzano you disrespect we tradition . luciano boss , we get we own tradition . we call it treatin ' you friend right , and not bein ' a pig for every scrap of glory . joe profaci Charlie ! luciano I do this for you , and you will leave I and my guy alone . be the fuckin' boss of all the other boss , but we be gonna be we own boss . maranzano think for a moment , then extend he hand to shake . maranzano I will not interfere with you . as Charlie take he hand , maranzano pull he into a bear hug . bring he face next to Charlie 's disfigure cheek . maranzano I be sorry for what I have to do . luciano pull out of the embrace , struggle to be civil . luciano forget it . that 's past . maranzano no matter what you say to I salvatore , you be my bambino . CUT to : int : masseriax office - day Dark and forbid . blood red velvet drape over the window . masseria sit behind a huge oak desk . luciano lean across the desk , speak in a low , urgent whisper . luciano we enemy have infiltrate we family . do you think it be a accident you almost die ? we have to take action . now . masseria look uneasily to the two Guards stand by the door . he whisper to Charlie . masseria what be ya thinkin' ? luciano Joe profaci . Carlo gambino . vinnie mangano . Joe bananas . they all gotta die . masseria you can not fuck with they . they be head of family ! luciano they be friend of we enemy . masseria take one of them out , and they will all line up against we . luciano not if they all die at once . this set masseria back in he chair . luciano I call a meet . everybody in town but you and maranzano . a peace conference to find a end to the war . they know I . they trust I . masseria shake he head in awe at the audacity of the plan . luciano every successor will owe he loyalty to we . together we take out maranzano , and each family get a piece of he operation . masseria a mother -fuckin ' peace conference . masseria howl with laughter . Charlie nod toward the Guards . luciano we gotta talk in private . I get a friend in coney Island who 's gonna open he restaurant just for we . masseria but that 's a hour 's drive . luciano lobster fra diavolo . spaghetti with red clam sauce . antipasto . and pastry that will make you wanna go home and slap you sweet mama . the boss fairly drool at the prospect . CUT to : ext : nuova villa tamaro - day a small clapboard structure back onto the desert coney Island beach . Charlie 's be the only car park in front . int : nuova villa tamaro - same a comfortable , family place . empty except for masseria and luciano at a corner table . the owner , gerardo , bring coffee , while masseria ponder which of two dessert to attack first . luciano ya do good . I be not see the boss so happy in week . masseria look at this boy . he hardly eat . like that fella kill caesar . gerardo cassius ? masseria yeah . mean and hungry lookin' . luciano when ya get all that blood workin ' in you belly , it be not upstairs where it need to be . masseria the kid just call I stupid . luciano not stupid . fat. masseria shit . when I be comin ' up , bein ' fat mean ya have something ' to eat . guy look like you , people feel sorry for them . right , gerardo ? gerardo nod in agreement . gerardo okay I leave you alone ?. I want to take a walk on the beach . Charlie look at he watch . luciano sure . but ya get a deck a card ? I wanna play some klob . masseria come on , Charlie . we get business . luciano couple hand . no harm in it . a while later the table be clear , except for the coffee and masseria 's remain desert . Joe beam as he lay down he hand . masseria so , smarty - pants , ya can not even beat a ignorant old man . Charlie toss in he hand . check he watch again . luciano a ignorant , old , fat man . but I will get ya next hand , after I take a leak . as Charlie get up , masseria push he chair back . masseria enough card . Charlie pull out a pistol and train it on the boss . luciano one move pardner , and you be a dead man . masseria you can not kill I . you give you word , Charlie . luciano so ? I will get bug to do it . masseria laugh as Charlie disappear into the men' room . in the men' room Charlie move to a window , and pull it open . down the STREET from the restaurant Siegel , costello , and lansky wait in a car . as the men' room window slide open , lansky pick up he pistol . lansky let 's go . in the men' room Charlie stand at a urinal , smoking as he relieve himself . in the dine room masseria lift a pastry to he lip . bang ! the door fly open . Siegel , costello , and lansky march toward masseria , gun draw . masseria laugh hysterically he belly jiggling under he shirt . he shout to Charlie . masseria hurry up , Charlie . you be missin ' the show . Siegel , costello , and lansky open fire . masseria jump up struggle to escape from the chair he 's wedge himself into . he stumble backwards , the chair still stick to he fat ass , as a dozen bullet rip into he belly . he fall back , still seat in the chair , he open mouth fill with unchewe pastry . Dead . in the men' room Charlie hoist he zipper , then wash he hand . in the dine room Charlie walk to the table , barely glance at masseria 's bloody remain . toss down the last of he coffee , he walk to the pay phone and drop a dime . luciano Operator . I need the police . CUT to : ext : nuova villa tamaro - night a nypd Captain run interference for Charlie as he emerge into a crush of reporter and the pop of a hundred flashbulb . captain Mr. luciano see nothing . he be in the men' room at the time of the shoot , wash he hand . luciano that 's a lie ! the Captain try to hurry Charlie through the crowd . luciano you fella want the true fact ? the reporter yell , " yeah ! " , " let he talk ! " . luciano I be not washin ' my hand . I be takin ' a piss ! the reporter roar with laughter . CUT to : int : luciano's bedroom - night in the shadow , leg fly , chest heave , hip grind , and voice pant as Charlie and Gay celebrate he triumph over masseria with nearly comic abandon . fade to : int : grand concourse hall - night a riot of religious image . cross . statues of the virgin . picture of obscure italian saint . and amidst this orgy of piety , three hundred formally dress mobster , gather together from across America , seat in regiment row . on the day in a huge , thronelike chair , sit Don maranzano . a solid gold cross befit a cardinal , hang form he neck . on either side be the head of the five family . Charlie sit at maranzano 's right hand , the designate crown prince . maranzano rise from he throne and stretch out he arm in benediction . maranzano honorable man . I welcome you today as you Supreme ruler . the boss of all boss . capo di tutti capi ! maranzano bask in the wave of applause as the mobster stand and cheer . the rest of the dais rise , until only Charlie remain seat . after a moment , he to rise and applaud . maranzano in order to give you my complete and objective leadership , I have turn over all my personal business interest to the other member of my family . the audience respond with enthusiastic applause . maranzano in return for my sacrifice , I will receive a fair and proportionate share of the proceed of all the family across the country . maranzano pause , and be reward with a grudge response . maranzano each of you will be part of one of the five family , and the capo for each family will report personally to I . the man on the dais stand as he introduce they . maranzano please pay you respects to we noble leader . Mr. Thomas gagliano . Mr. Joseph bonnano . Mr. Joseph profaci . Mr. Vincent mangano . maranzano turn toward Charlie . maranzano and Mr. salvatore luciano , who will supervise the entire operation under my direction . the audience shout it 's approval . maranzano smile uneasily as Charlie acknowledge the reception . maranzano I ask you now to come forward , to show we unalterable unity as brother , dedicated only to the high of human value . the mobster line up down the CENTER aisle Al capone climb the step to the dais , hand a cash - stuff envelope to the factotum at maranzano 's side , fall to he knee , and kiss the Don 's jewel - encrust ring . in the back of the hall Frank costello huddle with boo boo hoff . as the last mobster rise from in front of maranzano , the Don turn to the man behind he on the dais . each move in turn to maranzano , hand over he envelope to the factotum , and kneel to kiss the ring . costello approach charlie on the day hand he a fat envelope for the don. luciano look inside at the fistful of thousand dollar bill . frank mad Dog coll 's in town on a job . luciano who hire the bastard ? frank maranzano . ta ice you . charlie hold he ground for a moment then clap costello solidly across the back . he move to maranzano , hand he envelope directly to the boss . close - on luciano as he kneel struggle against he urge to kill maranzano here and now . he press he lip against the ring . maranzano I be you papa now . CUT to : int : luciano apartment - night luciano , costello , Siegel and lansky huddle in the live room , still in they evening wear . frank I be not sure there be a way to get at maranzano . masseria try for six month and never get a shot . Charlie glower at the other . luciano there 's a way . we just be not thinkin ' hard enough . a deadly silence fall over the room . in the darkened bedroom - same Gay stand by the window gaze out into the night , the remnant of a drink in she hand . she spot a man look up at the window from the street several floor below , and draw the curtain over the window . on the STREET - same a burst of flame illuminate the sinister face of mad Dog coll as he light a cigarette . in the bedroom Gay peek through the curtain at coll . in the live room - same the boy sit in pain silence , desperate for a idea that will save they life . Gay walk in from the bedroom , drink in hand . gay orlova Charlie ? luciano ( snap ) I be doin ' business here ! gay orlova but there 's ... grabbing a bottle of scotch , Charlie thrust it at Gay . luciano here . that hold a while ? hurt , Gay retreat to the bedroom . Charlie wince , know he 's fuck up . in the bedroom Gay lay across the bed , she face bury in a pillow . Charlie enter , close the door behind himself . luciano I be gettin ' more like my old man every year . Gay roll over , teary eye , as Charlie sit down next to she . gay orlova I be gonna lose you , Charlie . luciano it will all be over tomorrow . no more war . no more killin' . just livin ' normal like everybody else . ( a beat ) you will be stick with I for good . Gay pull herself into he embrace , want to believe it . luciano you friend in London still have that house in the country ? Gay shake she head " yes " . luciano if you want to get marry , maybe we could honeymoon there . choke back she tear , Gay shake she head " yes " again . Charlie turn Gay 's face to he own , and kiss she . luciano be it okay if I go back to work ? smiling through tear , Gay nod " yes " once again . the camera pan up from the bed to the window . below , we see mad Dog coll still wait on the street . back in the live room Charlie , suppress a smile , plop down into a chair amidst he dishearten pal . he bait meyer . luciano meyer , be not anybody ever tell you ya look more like a bookkeeper than a fuckin ' mobster ? lansky what 's you problem ? luciano it 's just that maranzano 's the only bastard I ever hear brag about gettin ' audite by the IRS . he come out clean , so he think he shit do not stink . lansky be there a fuckin ' point comin ' up anytime soon ? luciano seein ' he love the experience so much , I think we outta give he the pleasure again . CUT to : int : luciano bedroom - later that night Charlie slip into the bed , be careful not to wake the sleep Gay . he snuggle close to she , and inhale deeply the aroma of she body . CUT to : int : hallway outside luciano apartment - same a pair of burly bodyguard in tuxedo stand watch outside Charlie 's door . the first bodyguard sit on a fold chair by the door . the second bodyguard lean against the wall opposite . down the hallway the door to the stairway crack open . mad Dog coll peer out . back with the bodyguard they chat amiably . on the staircase coll sit on the landing , smoking a cigarette . by luciano's front door the first bodyguard sleep soundly in the fold chair . the second bodyguard move from one wall to the other , look for a comfortable stance , crazy with boredom . on the staircase coll put out he cigarette in a pile of butt by he side . inside charlie' bathroom as Charlie splashes water on he face at the sink . in the bedroom the light of dawn seep through the curtain . Charlie enter from the bath and cross to the bed , where Gay lay sleep . Charlie lean across the bed and buss she cheek . she wake up , mildly irritate , and pull the cover up over she head to shut out the light . in the kitchen Charlie measure spoonfuls of ground coffee into the pot , and turn on the burner . pull a tray out of a cabinet , he set two cup , two saucer , and a cover sugar bowl on it . in the hallway the second bodyguard stand with he shoulder against the wall , face toward the apartment door , filing he nail . the first bodyguard still sleep by the door . close - on the second bodyguard as he dig under one of he nail with the file , intent on the job . a shadow loom . a hand clasp over he mouth from behind . his body go rigid . the tip of a knife burst from under he larynx . as he struggle , the knife rotate 180 degree in he neck . blood gurgle out of he mouth as he eye roll back in he head . he slide along the wall to the floor . mad dog coll stoops to wipe he bloody hand on the dead man 's tuxedo . close - on the face of the first bodyguard who seem to stir awake , then doze off again , then finally rouse himself to consciousness . as he eye blink open , a knife come crash into the top of he skull , freezing he bemuse expression for eternity . he slump over in he chair , the knife still plant in he head . coll fish the key to the apartment from the man 's pocket . in the kitchen Charlie lift the coffee pot off of the stove at the front door - coll enter the apartment close the door behind himself , and move toward the bedroom . in the kitchen Charlie pour the coffee into the cup , and lift the tray . in the bedroom - coll pull a pistol from he jacket and he move toward the cover figure on the bed . charlie move through the live room with the tray . as he reach the hallway that lead to the bedroom , he lift the cover of the sugar bowl . it 's empty . muttering to himself , Charlie turn back toward the kitchen . in the bedroom coll wrap a pillow around he pistol . lower it to Gay 's head . in the kitchen Charlie hold the sugar bowl as he search for the sugar . at the sound of the muffle shot , he drop the sugar bowl and it shatter on the floor . in the bedroom coll react to the crash of the sugar bowl . run from the room . charlie run to the live room as coll disappear through the front door . at the door - charlie stands over the dead bodyguard . he can hear the sound of footstep racing down the stairway . he turn back and look down the hall toward the bedroom . his face fill with dread . CUT to : entrance to luciano's build - day onlooker and reporter crowd around the entrance as three cover stretcher be load into the back of a hearse at the curb . the nypd Captain who run interference after masseria 's murder emerge with a consol arm around costello 's shoulder . captain whatever the department can do , Frank . let I know . frank just let the press boy think Charlie 's ridin ' the hearse . CUT to : int : charlie' study - day Charlie sit at a desk , with the telephone book open before he . he dial a number . his voice as lifeless as a recording . first operator ( on phone ) Park Terrace Hotel . luciano herman coll , please . first operator ( on phone ) I be sorry , but we have no Mr. coll register , sir . Charlie hang up . dial the next number out of the book . second operator ( on phone ) Pennsylvania Hotel . luciano herman coll , please . second operator ( on phone ) I do not find a Mr. coll in we registry , be you sure ... Charlie hang up . dial the next number list . third operator ( on phone ) Post Hotel . luciano herman coll , please . third operator ( on phone ) one moment please ... that number be busy . would you care to hold ? Charlie hang up without replying . open a drawer in the desk and pull out a pistol . CUT to : int : room at post HOTEL - day coll pace with the phone in he hand , he luggage pack and ready for a quick departure . mad dog coll I do not care if he 's in the crapper with the trot , I get information he 's gonna wanna hear . after a moment , maranzano come on the line . maranzano ( on phone ) yes ? mad dog coll I be comin ' for my twenty thousand . maranzano ( on phone ) luciano be dead ? mad dog coll open a window . every newsboy in town 's screamin ' about it . CUT to : int : maranzano's inner office - day maranzano hang up the phone , and turn to the bar behind he desk . fishing a bottle of fifty year old brandy from the back , he pour himself a measure . holding the snifter up to he nose , he savor the smell of victory , then downs the brandy . CUT to : int : another HOTEL room - day Three man with pronounce semitic feature change into conservative business attire . one open a leather briefcase fill with gleam knife . in the bathroom - meyer lansky apply a false moustache to he upper lip . slip wire - rimmed glass over he ear . look as menace as a undertaker . CUT to : int : post HOTEL lobby - day coll step off a elevator and cross the lobby , smile to himself as he pass a man hide behind a newspaper headline " luciano's luck run out " over a photo of Charlie . as coll exit , the newspaper lower to reveal a grim -face luciano . CUT to : ext : on the STREET - day coll head into a department store . int : store men' department - day a salesman carry two suit accompany coll to a change booth . coll disappear behind the curtain . Inside the booth coll frown as he try on a jacket . the sleeve be two short . he call out for the salesman . mad dog coll bring I a 42 . the curtain snap open . luciano jam a gun under coll 's chin and squeeze inside the booth with he . luciano what about a .45 ? coll blink , not believe he eye . luciano just go to show , mad Dog . do not believe everything ya read in the newspaper . " mad Dog " suddenly look like a rabbit catch in the headlight on a oncoming car . luciano even scum like you be not suppose to hit a guy at home . where the people he care about find refuge from this fuck up world . but then you always say the rule do not apply to mad Dog coll . luciano push coll through the lady ' department his gun jamme into coll 's back . they pass a pair of older matron at the lingerie counter . coll grab one of the matron by she strand of pearl and spin she around , shove she scream into Charlie 's path . come up flush on Charlie 's gun , she dissolves into hysterics . coll run through the lady ' department knock merchandise and mannequin into Charlie 's path . scream woman scatter , as Charlie tackle coll , catch he around the ankle . Charlie lose he gun , and it slide across the slick floor . coll crash into a jewelry display counter , shatter the glass . a alarm ring . he leg hurt in the fall - charlie crawl toward the gun as the Department store manager and two Security Guards come charge down the aisle . as Charlie reach for the gun , coll snatch it up , and level it at Charlie . the store manager call out from behind . store manager my good sir ! what do you think ... coll turn on he heel and plant a bullet deep into the manager 's forehead , knock he flat on he back . the Security Guards dive for cover . Charlie crawl behind a display case . coll charge for the door . outside coll shove a older man away from the door of a cab and climb inside . he jam he gun into the back of the driver 's head . mad dog coll 425 Park Avenue . CUT to : ext : 425 park avenue - day a car pull to the curb in front of the office building . lansky and he " accountant " get out , briefcase in hand . CUT to : int : maranzano's inner office - day maranzano sit at he desk . two bodyguard hover by the door . his intercom buzze . maranzano what be it , Grace ? grace ( on intercom ) there be some man here from the Internal Revenue . they say they need to speak to you personally . maranzano I will be out . in the outer office lansky stay to the back of the group as the " accountant " open they briefcase . the bodyguard emerge from the inner office , follow by a jovial maranzano . maranzano you government people be never satisfied to do something once . the accountant pull they weapon from they briefcase and aim they at the boss and he bodyguard . lansky step forward . lansky take he inside . lansky and the first accountant shove maranzano into he office . the other accountant push the bodyguard against the wall and pat they down . in the inner office lansky pull out two knife and toss one to the first accountant . lansky we do not want to disturb you neighbor . as lansky advance , maranzano back up , begging , " no. please . no . " lansky plunge he knife deep into maranzano 's chest . in the outer office the other two accountant stand with they back to the door , they gun train on the bodyguard . Grace sit tremble at she desk . she gasp as the door swing open . mad dog coll step inside one of the bodyguard turn toward the door , and coll open fire . blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! he blast away both accountant and the bodyguard . as a afterthought , he turn toward Grace , whimper behind she desk . can not have a witness run around . blam ! in the inner office maranzano bellow like a die elephant , swinging he arm wildly , try to ward off the knife as he crawl backwards on the floor . blood bubbles from he chest . the door fly OPEN the glass shatter as it slam against the wall . mad Dog coll stand in the doorway . his gun train on lansky . maranzano gasp for air . mad dog coll what a cozy little scene . maranzano kill they ! kill they ! mad dog coll what 's it worth to ya , boss ? maranzano anything ! mad dog coll anything be not a very hard number . maranzano one hundred thousand . no ... three hundred thousand . mad dog coll now that 's a hard number . coll aim carefully at lansky . squeeze the trigger . blam ! coll forehead explode . charlie step into the room a saw - off shotgun smoking in he hand . he advance on maranzano , whose whole body shake . he lower the barrel to maranzano 's head . lansky no way , Charlie . Charlie tremble , fight he lust for revenge , as lansky move to he side . close - on charlie' face as lansky take the weapon from Charlie , and aim it at maranzano . blam ! CUT to : int : conference room - night thirty top mobster be array around a conference table . mangano . profaci . bonnano . anastasia . gagliano . dalitz . hoff. costello . Siegel . lansky . a single chair , at the head of the table , remain empty . Al capone sit to the right of it . luciano enter the room look around the table for a place to sit . capone call he to the head of the table . capone up here , boss . luciano that be not exactly be the lucky spot lately . capone but from now on it 's lucky 's spot . the man applaud and call out in agreement as Charlie make he way to the head of the table and settles in . luciano maybe you better hear what I get to say first . capone whatever you say , boss . luciano no , Al . whatever we say . we be all boss here . we don ' need another . joe profaci come on , Charlie . we gotta have a top guy . otherwise this war be not never gonna stop . luciano as long as ya get one top boss , somebody else 's always gonna be look to knock he off . and that 's war on top of war . joe profaci who will make the rule ? luciano we will make ‘em , and we will enforce ‘em . all of we . together . we all get one vote . includin ' I . joe profaci Charlie , I be from the old country , and this american way get I sometimes confuse . you tellin ' we you refuse the title of boss of all the boss ? luciano I do not care what anybody call I , Joe . Long as it be not to dirty . and if you fella get together every year and say , " Charlie , we still want you to run thing for we " , I be not gonna insult ya by sayin ' no . costello stand up at he chair . frank I propose we make Charlie luciano head of we National Commission for the next year . all in favor ? several hand shot up quickly , other respond more slowly , uncomfortable with this new-fangled democracy . profaci 's hand remain down . luciano you wanna be boss , Joe ? profaci lift he hand up . joe profaci julius caesar never take no vote . luciano and maybe that 's why he end up dead in the street of Rome . finally , only the man laugh and profaci join in . CUT to : int : grand concourse hall - night with the same set of three hundred mobster gather together to hail a new leader for the second time in two week . in the lobby outside the hall Charlie make he way through a throng of well - wisher . Al capone catch Charlie in a bear hug and slip a fat envelope into he hand . Charlie shake he head and give it back . luciano why should you be payin ' I when we be all equal ? capone you scare I , Charlie . luciano maybe that 's why I be the boss . inside the hall as Charlie make he way up the center aisle with lansky , Siegel , and costello , accept the cheer and handshake of the crowd . CUT to : int : charlie' apartment - night still dress from the banquet , Charlie come through the front door . he remove he coat , and toss it across the sofa . charlie walk down the hallway rub the exhaustion from he face . at the bedroom door , he flip the light switch . the scallop -shell lamp cast it 's mournful glow across the empty bed . Charlie stare wistfully for a moment , then flip the light back off . in the dimly lit marble bath Charlie lay back in the foamy bubbles in the tub . lift a cigar to he mouth , he strike a match and light it . he inhale deeply , hold the smoke for a moment , then expel it suddenly . he toss the cigar into the toilet , where it sizzle and die . he reach over and flush the toilet , then lay back into the bubbles , deep in think . the end