moby dick part one act 1 title over : ext . nantucket headland - evening majestic black cliff tower over the rocky coastline of the Atlantic seaboard . a stormy winter sky . dwarf by this mighty vista , a speck of a man descend toward the grey vastness of the ocean . ext . nantucket shoreline - evening powerful wave crash against coastal rock . ishmael ( late 20' ) , a inquisitive young man with a amiable , intelligent face , venture along a beachside trail against the beat wind , tote a small satchel . ext . nantucket - evening a 1850 's whaling seaport . muddy street and a old , rain-slicked dock . a cold , stark , unforgive place . tall - masted ship sway beside the dock , wind buffete they furle rigging . in b.g. , a glimpse of a dramatic sunset between darken thunderhead . ext . dockside shed - evening three nantucket women in dark clothes and shawl collect basket from a storage shed , they face etched by year of hardship and woe . a look of widow about they . ishmael pass before they , and we follow he through a clutter of barrel and ship refuse into town . ext . nantucket STREET - evening a short block of brick house and tavern . a few people scurry about , hugging building to escape the storm . ishmael bundle along the sidewalk , draw to the warm glow of oil lamp behind thick - pane window . across the street , elijah , a stoop , scrawny old man wrap in a tatter oilskin cape , watch ishmael with dement eye , mutter to himself . ishmael pause under a tavern sign with a harpoon crucifix , " the crossed harpoon " . he peer through the window : int . the crossed harpoon - evening shabby but lively , a loud revelry in progress . ext . nantucket STREET - evening as ishmael look in , the tavern door swing open . a jovial , barrel - chest man ( stubb ) clamor out with two doxie in each arm , laugh spiritedly . ishmael back up against the window to steer clear . stubb and he prostitute bustle off into the stormy night . ishmael consider the tavern and dig out a few meager coin from he pocket . someone distract he : crazy , old elijah eyeball he from across the street . ishmael react and protectively pocket he coin . he move on . a short distance further , another tavern with a sign overhead , swinging in the wind : " the spouter -inn , peter coffin , proprietor " . ishmael glance through the window . int . spouter inn - evening shabbier than the last inn , poorly light . ext . nantucket STREET - evening ishmael nod to himself . perfect . he step inside , as lightning flash and thunder crack behind he . elijah suddenly appear at the window , the lightning reflect he wild eye . stare inside , he lick he lip for want of a drink then wrap he cape around himself to stave off the windy chill . he wander off , babbling incoherently . int . spouter inn - evening a desert anteroom . voice drift in from a rear dining room , its doorway frame by a huge whale jawbone . ishmael drop he satchel , remove he coat and hang it on a rack . he stop to notice a painting on a dark wall . try to make out its massive center image , ishmael draw closer to focus on the eye of a mammoth sperm whale : a terrifying depiction of a monstrous leviathan , leaping over a ship 's tall mast . ishmael be transfix by it . a voice startles he : coffin ( 0.s. ) goin ' to sea , be ye ? peter coffin , the stout tavern owner , appear in the jawbone doorway and look he over amusedly . ishmael smile eagerly and step over to the inn counter . ishmael aye , that I be . move behind the counter , coffin turn the registration book around , take a pen and dip it into a inkwell . coffin ship 's mate , I suppose ? ishmael no . he take the pen and sign he name , coffin watch he . coffin a passenger , then ? ishmael not very likely . a passenger need a wallet , and that 's just a slice of leather when there 's nothing in it . coffin a commodore , then ? or a cook ? ishmael laugh . as if echoing he , a gust of laughter blow in from the dining room . ishmael no , a simple sailor , jump from spar to spar like a grasshopper in a May meadow ... like a slave you might say , but who be not a slave ? tell I that ? coffin I suppose then you be goin ' whalin' ? ishmael aye ! might ye have a room then for a simple sailor , mister ... coffin , be it ? coffin aye . if ye get no objection to sharin ' a blanket with a simple harpooner . ishmael harpooner ? well ... I would rather put up with half any decent man 's blanket than wander further on so bitter a night . another gale of laughter from the dining area . ishmael peer curiously around the counter to see the doorway : a room fill with bawdy , gruff -look man . stand close by the doorway be flask , a short , pugnacious mariner in a restless mood . ishmael ( cont would ) could that be he , sir ? the harpooner you mention ? coffin no ... that 's mister flask , with the rest of the grampus crew . just land . liquor 's already go to they head ! flask quickly take he leave and cross the anteroom toward the front door . coffin chuckle at he : coffin ( cont would ) off lookin ' to board another ship , be ye , flask ? flask nod with a haughty sneer , glance over ishmael . he swagger out without a word . coffin ( cont would ) well , that 's that . as I expect . he 's already sick of solid ground . burn he foot , it do . firm land , I mean . int . spouter inn hallway - evening 0il lamp in hand , coffin lead ishmael through a narrow , twisty corridor of labyrinthine turn and step . up three step and down , around a corner and over another set of step , pass dim - light door . coffin walk fast , ishmael struggle to keep up . as they pass one door ... a giggle , half - naked girl ( one of stubb 's doxie ) spill out . stubb yank she back inside , slam the door . ishmael pause to look back , puzzle over they muffled laughter . coffin glance back with a chortle . coffin that mister stubb be not see a skirt in narry two year . ( wave he on ) step lively , lad , I have not get all night . int . spouter inn room - evening the door open into a dark room with sparse furnishings and a modest-size bed . coffin light a oil lamp . coffin this whale oil 's gettin ' a bit low . I would best refill it tomorrow ... ishmael regards the bed ambivalently . ishmael seem a trifle small for two grow man . coffin well , if you be goin ' to go whalin' , ye better get use to that sort of thing . why , look at that bed ! it 's the large one in the house ! sal and I sleep in that bed the night we be splice . plenty of room ... ishmael mind ye , I be not complain , mister coffin ... I would just like to know what kind of man I would be share it with . coffin well , it 's almost Sunday . that harpooner likely anchore somewhere else for the night . make yerself comfortable , mister ... what 's yer name ? ishmael turn a innocent smile . ishmael call I ... ishmael . coffin nod and exit , close the door behind he . ishmael gaze around the room . in a corner sit a giant sea chest with mysterious , paint design . ponder it , ishmael take off he boot and pants , crawl under the bed 's blanket and lean toward the bedside oil lamp . he blow it out . ext . captain ahab be home - night lightn illuminate a two -story brick house on the outskirt of town . lamplight burn behind the window of both floor . pass before the second - floor light , a man 's shadow pace back and forth with feverish intensity . int . captain ahab be home - night a lamp cast a shuddery glow over a pale , haggard woman ( ahab be wife ) who sit before the die ember of a hearth , wrap in a woolen shawl . Close beside she sit a timid , 12 - year - old boy ( ahab be son ) , slight of build with a angelic face . eye turn to the ceiling , both listen apprehensively to a methodic , dry thunk on the wood floor upstairs , pace relentlessly ... the footfalls of a peg leg . a loud knock at the door -- the two jump out of they skin . upstair , the pacing stop . unmove , the wife stare at the door . a tense beat . another unsettling knock . the wife nervously finger she shawl . the Son sit rigidly . both wait ... angle on a staircase , the top half block from view by a wooden overhang . from the top of the stair , a steady thunk - clop , thunk -clop . finally , a foot step down into view ... then a white whale - bone peg leg . it descend slowly and painfully , as we see elaborate leather strap connect it to a severe thigh . the wife and Son watch with fear , mesmerize . on the staircase , a man 's chest lower into view ... then the face of captain ahab . a face of fury and power , mold in bronze , eye black as night . a long white scar streak down from he bald crown to he collar . a fierce visage set in granite . a third booming knock at the door . ahab glance at he wife and child , he expression unchange . the anxious - face wife tremble . dragging he peg leg to the door with agonizing thunks , ahab open it into the night ... a icy gust sweep inside -- the lamp flicker out , cinder spark fly from the hearth ! silhouett against the harsh storm , five ghostly figure fill the doorway . they face unseen , one with a turbane head . a lightning flash give we a quick glimpse -- sinister , demonic arab face . ext . nantucket STREET - late night few light be still burn , the storm die down . the street be obscure by fog . a tall figure ( queequeg ) loom in the fog , carry a lethal - look harpoon like a shepherd 's staff . he strut he way toward the spouter Inn . int . spouter inn room - late night in bed , ishmael arouse from deep slumber , sense something . then he settles back to sleep . int . spouter inn hallway - late night view from ishmael 's door , the tall , ominous figure lumber down the dark hall toward we . int . spouter inn room - late night ishmael be startle awake by a loud creak of the door . he peek out of the cover . the tall figure enter and lean he immense harpoon gently against a wall , as if it be delicate china . he light a small candle on a dresser . a dark -skin polynesian , queequeg 's clean -shave face be cover with strange , exotic tattoo . his face be ferocious - look and yet tranquil , almost innocent in character . he pull a satchel off he shoulder , open it and take out what vaguely resemble a doll 's head . obscure in the dim light , ishmael watch in awe . it 's a shrunken human head . queequeg lift it up to the candlelight and chant some indecipherable word to it . ishmael stare warily from he cover . queequeg abruptly stop he invocation , stuff the head back into he satchel and move the candle to the bedside table . he quickly undress . ishmael can not take he eye off the muscular , tattooe body -- as queequeg leap into the bed beside he . still unaware of ishmael 's presence , queequeg produce a long tomahawk pipe , lean toward the candle , light the pipe and sit back in bed , puffing serenely . he rest he free hand down next to he ... directly onto ishmael 's face . ishmael stiffen with fear . queequeg freeze . ishmael try to jump out of bed -- but queequeg grab he by he nightshirt collar and firmly hold he down . he deftly wield he tomahawk , its blade against ishmael 's throat . queequeg who de debel be you ?! you do not speak up , I kill -e ! ishmael gape up in strangle terror , gasp . ishmael ( cry out ) landlord ! mister coffin ! queequeg 's frown tighten , though somehow more curious than angry . he press the blade of the tomahawk harder against ishmael 's throat and growl : queequeg speak ! tell -ee I who ye be or , dam - I , I kill -ee ! the door to the room fly open . coffin step quickly inside . a amused smile , as he feign concern . coffin look here , queequeg , stop that ! queequeg turn he attention to coffin , just long enough for ishmael to wriggle away . ishmael scramble out of the bed , outrage , to coffin : ishmael 10 . why do not you tell I this ... harpooner I be share a bed with be a bleedin ' cannibal , for Christ 's sake ?! coffin pay no attention to ishmael as he face queequeg . coffin queequeg , listen to I ... you sabbee I , I sabbee you , no ? queequeg nod thoughtfully . he light he tomahawk pipe , smoke envelop he tattooe face . coffin this man sleep here in this bed . with you , you sabbee ? queequeg nod again . he look at ishmael , who stare with open dismay at this immense polynesian harpooner . queequeg I sabbee plenty . ( point at ishmael ) you get -ee in . ishmael glance at coffin , who grin and nod at the bed . queequeg , smile good -heartedly , hand he pipe to ishmael . hesitate but more relaxed , ishmael take it and draw a mouthful of smoke . and promptly gag . tear and cough . queequeg laugh , loud and hard . ext . nantucket harbor dock - late night the storm over , the harbor be silent and deathly still . the dock be dense with fog . amidst a dockside rubble of discard sail , old elijah half - sleep fitfully , huddle under a filthy sailcloth , cover in frost . grouped footstep startles he wide awake . among they , the unmistakable SOUND of a peg leg striking stone . elijah stare out with troubled dread : like apparition of the night , six dark shape materialize out of the fog and march toward a dock , three - masted 11 . whaling ship . the pequod . they strut inexorably up the gangplank , they central figure 's step bold and clear . thunk -clop , thunk-clop ... fade out . act 2 int . spouter inn room - morning cold sunlight peek into the room from the only window . queequeg sleep , he arm wrap around ishmael 's chest . ishmael lie awake , immobilize by queequeg 's unconscious embrace . ishmael queequeg ! a loud snore . ishmael put some serious effort into try to liberate himself , to no avail . ishmael ( cont would ) ( louder ) queequeg ... wake up , ye big , savage oaf ! in the name of goodness . .. wake up ! he writhes , push and strain he way free of the giant harpooner , who slowly wake . ishmael drop he foot to the floor and shake he head . to himself : ishmael ( cont would ) must be dreamin ' of he savage wife , back in whatever savage place he escape from ! queequeg 's eye open . he grin at ishmael , yawn and leap out of bed with amazing agility . ishmael ( cont would ) good morning to ye too , big king of the typhoon snore ... ishmael stare with bewilderment at he brown torso , cover with tattoo from head to toe . queequeg 's grin be friendly , as though he be use to be gawk at . int . spouter inn dine room - morning a vast platter of steaming steak be plopped down on a 12 . large table by a stout , red -face woman , sal coffin . as soon as the platter be on the table , the sharp spear of a harpoon stab a fat cut of bloody red meat . queequeg transfer the steak to he plate with quiet ceremony , the entire maneuver perform with exquisite gentleness and good manners . setting aside he harpoon on the floor , he dig in . ishmael watch he , baffle . the rest of the man do not seem to have notice anything unusual . they reach for meat and bread , far less politely , and noisily chow down . a brown and brawny bunch , stubb and flask among they . ishmael glance behind he : bulkington , a handsome , stalwart seaman with a quiet reserve , sit at another table with he young , pretty fiancee . they talk in low voice , hold hand . ishmael turn back ... the platter of steak be almost empty . he take the last cut , a small , overcooked portion . Studies it with resignation . he 's about to cut into it , when he steak be remove by sal ... she grin and present he with a whole new platter pile high with fine , rare slice . stubb and flask chuckle at ishmael . sal give they a stern look . sal what be you laughin ' at , ye chowder - head bumpkin ?! ( to ishmael ) eat , young man ! no one here 's in a more privileged position than any other . ye have not go to sea yet , have ye ? out there a lowly sailor 's get to wait for a second mate to help himself ... ( poke at stubb ) ... like this boobie here ! or he 's get to wait for this greasy baboon of a third mate here ! she give flask a nudge , knock the cap off he head . sal ( cont would ) but not in my establishment ! ( back to ishmael ) so eat , laddie ! eat ! 13 . ishmael yes indeed , mar 'am ! he reach enthusiastically for the platter , stubb and flask laugh heartily at he . queequeg stab up a steak with he harpoon and drop it on ishmael 's plate with a big grin . ishmael smile back , get use to he new friend . ext . nantucket STREET - day a clear , crisp winter day on the now crowded street . ishmael and queequeg emerge from the spouter Inn , ishmael push a old wheelbarrow pile up with he satchel and queequeg 's sea chest . puff on he tomahawk , queequeg reach into he bag and produce the shrunken head . ishmael react , glance around self - consciously . ishmael queequeg , put that thing away ! this good nantucket Christians will take you for the devil himself . queequeg ( puzzledly ) why do -ee say ? ishmael for God 's sake , it 's a man 's head ! a very dead real man , too ! nantucketer do not carry the dead around in they bag ! they bury ‘em , do not ye know that ? queequeg aye ! nantucketer buy -em too , I tell -ee ! for many coin ! however , queequeg put away the head . he withdraw a wooden statuette from he bag and gesture over it . queequeg I yojo tell - ee what ship 14 . queequeg and - ee ship out on ! he sabbee ! yojo and - ee , sabbee ? ishmael look down at the statuette , then inquisitively at queequeg . ishmael you be sayin ' you ... yojo want I to choose a ship ? be that what you mean ? queequeg aye . ishmael will ye be shippin ' out with I then ? be that what you be try to tell I , queequeg ? queequeg nod with a bright grin , he sharpen tooth white as snow . he reach into he bag again and bring out a handful of coin . drop they unceremoniously to the ground , he stop and crouch there . ishmael stop and set down the wheelbarrow , watch he curiously . queequeg divide the coin into two separate pile , pocket half of they , then stand and plop the other half into ishmael 's hand . ishmael do not understand , but queequeg have already turn away to continue on down the street . ishmael grab the barrow and catch up to he . ishmael queequeg ! wait , stop ... avast there , mate ! queequeg stop and wait , puffing patiently on he pipe . ishmael ( cont would ) listen , my friend ... this be simply out of the question ! what the devil be the matter with ye ?! a puzzle , hurt look from queequeg . 15 . queequeg ee do not want ship out wid queequeg ? ishmael try to hand the coin back to queequeg , who ignore the gesture , wait for a answer . ishmael no ... I mean yes , of course I will ! what I mean be ... you 're better suite to pick out a whaler best fitte to carry we , not I . ( push coin back ) and I shall certainly not take you money ! not look at the coin , queequeg thoughtfully exhales smoke , try to understand . ishmael ( cont would ) listen , queequeg ... I fear I must make a confession . ( lean closer ) I use to be a school teacher . d'ye know what that be ? queequeg aye. missionary . ishmael well , not exactly . what I be tryin ' to say be ... I never jump a spar in my life . queequeg ishmael no sailor ? ishmael ( embarrassed ) aye. meno sailor . it 's just , ye see ... I have this burnin ' desire to go to sea . queequeg grin , understanding perfectly . he pat the satchel with utter confidence . 16 . queequeg yojo sabbee . ishmael pick ship . he take over the wheelbarrow and push on . ishmael catch up with he , and the two stride together toward the port . ishmael smile , feel better now . queequeg sing a lyrical polynesian tune to himself , smile aside at local child , who gawk up at he as he pass by . ext . nantucket dock - day at the bustling dockside , the pequod be be fitte for a long voyage . ext . pequod ( docked ) - day a short , bent ship' carpenter with a wrinkle face oversee the load of lumber . his body be wrack with arthritis , but for he powerful arm and hand . a old , grizzle ship' cook watch , as dockhand carry food store and water barrel on deck . by he side be pip ( 12 ) , a black cabin boy of small stature with a playful face . merry as a cricket and bright as a cherub . he toy with a tambourine as he watch the bustle of activity . a cheerful presence , clearly appreciate by the man at work . oversee the load operation from a old wicker chair by the gangplank be a heavy - set , retire captain , peleg , dress in the quaker style . he watch with sharp - eye care at every pass item , write they down on a thick ledger . the SOUND of queequeg 's powerful chanting voice waft over the dock . ship' crewmen steal glance at the curious duo down below , as they approach . ext . nantucket dock - day queequeg cease he chant , scan the contour of the pequod 's tall mast . ishmael look up with he , study the old vessel with admiration and curiosity . ishmael 17 . it 's a old ship ... prepare for a long voyage , I gather . queequeg aye . she be long -season ship . ishmael and cover with whale tooth ! they eye lower to the deck , where each bulwark be decorate with the long sharp tooth of sperm whale , some use for fasten rope . queequeg nod , but say nothing . ishmael ponder the whole ship . ishmael ( cont would ) there 's something a bit ... melancholy about she , if you ask I . as if to contradict he , pip plays he tambourine and hum in a light , angelic voice . queequeg smile at he , some vague brotherly connection between they . ishmael ( cont would ) well ... I suppose yojo 's make we choice for we . he muster courage and strut up the gangplank , try to look swarthy . queequeg wait on the dock , smoking and lean on he harpoon , still assess the pequod . ext . pequod ( docked ) - day ishmael stop before peleg , who barely acknowledge he . ishmael beg pardon , sir ? might this be the Captain ? peleg stop write and face ishmael with a close expression . peleg suppose it be . what d'ye want with he ? ishmael I be think of shippin' . 18 . peleg frown and look he over critically . peleg you be no nantucketer . what d'ye know about whaling ? ishmael nothing , sir , but I want to see what whaling be . I want to see the world . peleg ( laugh at that ) can not you see the world from where ye stand , young man ? you want to see what whaling be , do ye ? be ye man enough to pitch a harpoon down a live whale 's throat , then jump after it ? well , I will tell ye this much : there 's death in this business , and it can bundle a man quite quickly into eternity . do that frighten ye ? ishmael no sir , it do not . peleg I see . then have ye clapped eye yet on Captain ahab ? a ripple of discreet chuckling from the crewmen nearby . pip tap he tambourine forbodingly . ishmael 's puzzle but remain undaunted . ishmael Captain ahab , sir ? who be Captain ahab ? bildad , another older gentleman , appear from below deck . as thin as peleg be round , he glance over ishmael with a dry , tight - lipped expression . bildad " who be ahab ? " who be this , peleg ? peleg 19 . he say he 's we man , bildad ! he want to ship ! bildad do ye , now ? ishmael I do ! yessir ! bildad his lung be sort of soft . ( to ishmael ) Captain ahab be the captain of this ship , young fellow . ishmael but I think I be speakin ' to the Captain , sir . peleg you be speak to Captain bildad . I be Captain peleg . we own this fine specimen , and it 's we job to see to it that she 's fitte out with all she need ... ( a doubtful look ) include , sir , a crew with goodly experience . frustrate that he 's fail this interview , ishmael glance back toward queequeg for support . ext . nantucket dock - day queequeg sit on the wheelbarrow of they belonging , obliviously smoking he tomahawk pipe . ext . pequod ( docked ) - day on he own , ishmael turn back to peleg . ishmael where be this Captain ahab , 20 . sir ? peleg what do ye want with he ? ishmael to see he . I would like to ... see he . the man at work now slow they pace , eavesdropp . pip rattles he tambourine at a ominous tempo , until the cook gesture he to cease . peleg that 's highly unlikely . he will not always see I , so I rather doubt he will see you ! a strange man , he be indeed ... ( to bildad ) a great , ungodly , god - like man , I would say . bildad aye , but above the common . peleg ( to ishmael ) he do not speak much ... but when he do , you would do well to listen . a huge shadow cross over they . peleg and bildad fall silent as they look up . queequeg tower over they , stand behind ishmael with he harpoon . he nod at ishmael , encourage he to introduce he . ishmael understand . ishmael this be my friend queequeg . he want to ship , too . both the captain look queequeg over with some dismay . everyone on board turn to regard this tattooe giant . peleg " quohog " ? do not look like much of a Christian to I . 21 . ishmael why , he 's kill more whale than you can count ... queequeg rest a hand on he shoulder to stop he . he coolly face the captain and point at a small , dark knothole on the farthest mast . queequeg cap and , ee see he small dark spot on mastwood there ? ee see he ? well , s'pose he one whale eye ! well , de ... he raise the harpoon and effortlessly dart it ... a Olympic throw across the deck -- past bildad 's nose , over the cook 's head -- a bull 's eye into the mast target ! the big iron quiver mightily . queequeg playfully haul at the harpoon line and give the two shocked captain a broad grin . queequeg ( cont would ) dat whale dead ! a silent beat . bildad turn excitedly to he partner . bildad Quick , peleg , quick , get the ship 's papers ! we must have quohog here , I mean hedgehog , whatever he name be ! peleg scramble for a ledger , open it up . he extend a pen to queequeg , anxious for he to sign . peleg look here ... we will give you one- ninetieth percent , that 's a higher cut of the ship 's whale - oil cargo than we have ever give any harpooner ! so what say ye ? queequeg what be about I friend ? peleg 22 . oh , all right then ... we will sign he on too . ( to ishmael ) but you earn only a fifth of what he get ! ishmael and queequeg exchange pleased grin . ext . nantucket dock - day ishmael and queequeg stride back down the dock , they belonging leave behind . both in high spirit . voice hist ! shipmate ! distract by a craggy voice behind they , the two slow they pace and glance around . elijah , the dement old man from last night , beckon they from inside the open doorway of a blacksmith shed . elijah ( cont would ) shipmate ! come hither ! ishmael and queequeg stop and regard he curiously . he beckon they frantically . they venture closer . int . blacksmith shed - day a shadowy , desert place . blacksmith tool hang like ancient weapon . half in the sunlight of the doorway , ishmael and queequeg face elijah , who remain in shadow . ishmael what d'ye want , old man ? the rag old codger look they both over like a man possess . in a harsh , break breath : elijah have ye ship in that ship then , have ye ?! ishmael trade look with queequeg , who regards elijah more with apprehension than curiosity . ishmael Fire in he 23 . the pequod ? why yes , we have just sign the article . elijah the article , eh ? anything in there about you soul ?! eye , as if this be a revelation . elijah ( cont would ) no ? perhaps you have not get any !? no matter ! I know plenty of man have not get a soul -- good luck to ‘em ! better off for it , some of ‘em ! a soul 's sort of a fifth wheel to a wagon , do not ye think ? ishmael what be ye jabberin ' about ? elijah gesture outside with great flourish . elijah oh , but he 's get enough to make up for the rest of we ... plenty more than enough ! ishmael let 's go , queequeg . this fellow 's break loose from he mooring ... elijah I be tellin ' ye about old thunder ! have not see Old Thunder yet , have you ? ishmael who 's Old Thunder ? elijah Captain ahab ! ye have not see he yet , have ye ? queequeg shake he head slowly . ishmael look away , exasperate . elijah cackle maniacally . 24 . elijah no , I do not think so ! do they tell ye about he ? ishmael I know all I need to know . elijah all about it , eh ? you sure now ? but be all ye need to know ever enough , I ask you !? ishmael start to leave , but queequeg detain he . elijah ( cont would ) so you have ship then , have ye ? name down on paper ? well , what 's to be will be ... then again perhaps it will not ! anyhow , it 's all fix , all be arrange ! have be for a long time ! ishmael what ? what 's be fix ? what be ye blatherin ' about ? elijah the prophecy , mate ! the prophecy of the pequod ! all aboard she will perish , save one man ! all but one ! ishmael frown at the old lunatic , feed up with this nonsense . queequeg stare , freeze in place . elijah ( cont would ) do not know that , do ye , mate ?! do ye ?! do ye ?! ishmael come along , queequeg . let 's leave this fool to he raving . queequeg can not take he eye off elijah , a hint of fear in he eye . ishmael tug at queequeg , and they leave elijah cackle at they from the shed doorway . 25 . elijah all but one ! all but one ! ext . nantucket dock - day they exit the blacksmith shed and move on toward town . ishmael look a bit disturb but try not to show it . queequeg be deeply perturb . ishmael notice this and jostle he . ishmael do not take it to heart , he 's just some crazy old loon ... queequeg ishmael ? what be a soul ? ishmael a soul ? well , that 's a difficult question ... he hear a church bell ringing in the distance . ishmael ( cont would ) ye believe in God , queequeg ? y'know ... like a big chief over all man ? queequeg like yojo . ishmael I reckon so , but bigger than that . like a captain of the star . he notice townspeople move toward a white clapboard church with a tall steeple . think to himself . ishmael ( cont would ) I can not really explain it to ye ... but I can show ye . ext . nantucket church - day ishmael and queequeg approach the church . queequeg stop before it , hesitate . he 's never be inside one before , and it unnerve he a little . 26 . ishmael it 's just a house of God , queequeg ... our god , that be . ( urge he on ) trust I . ye can learn all about the soul here . queequeg nod , trust he implicitly . they move on . int . church - day a congregation be gather in pews , face a pulpit unlike any other -- build to exactly replicate the bow of a ship . its tower platform form the mock ship 's sharp prow . ishmael and queequeg enter quietly and take a rear seat , queequeg draw stare . among the worshipper sit starbuck ( 30' ) , a sharp , good -look , experience seaman with a pragmatic way about he , full of watchful curiosity . beside he , he seasoned wife and two beautiful child . nearby sit bulkington and he fiancee , they hand clench tight . starbuck 's wife glance toward bulkington 's bride : the girl look tense and anxious . up front sit ahab 's weary wife , red -ey from long night of tear . and she son , a fix , distant gaze . from the high pulpit loom father mapple , a patronly , messiah - like figure . in the rear pews , ishmael recognize the minister and nudge queequeg , whisper aside . ishmael that 's Father mapple . I hear he use to be a harpooner . Father mapple scan the scattered gather before he with a furrow brow and wave they all closer . with a deep , penetrate voice : mapple come closer , shipmate ! you there , side away to larboard ! and you , gangway to starboard ! 27 . midship ! midship ! a rustle of foot , as everyone quickly rise and take new seat closer to the pulpit . Father mapple wait as they settle down . he lift he close eye , as if praying from the bottom of the sea . then look down , every word like God 's commandment : mapple ( cont would ) the Book of jonah ! first chapter , last verse -- look down and read it , mate ! " and God have prepare a great fish to swallow up jonah ! " below he , the SOUND of page turn , mute mumbling . mapple ( cont would ) the Lord call upon jonah to cry out against wickedness , but instead jonah fle from God 's command ! why ? why do he willfully disobey God ? because he think it be too hard ! the congregation stop turn page , everyone mesmerize by the resonance of he voice . mapple ( cont would ) too hard ! why , everything God command we to do be hard ! that be why he command more often than he try to persuade ! he know that if we obey him , we disobey ourselves ! that be hard ! it be hard because we cannot flee from he command , as jonah try to do ... hard because God be everywhere and there be no hope of escape him ! ( dramatic pause ) now , imagine poor jonah ... prowling among ship like a burglar , rush to cross the seas and escape from he God ! but how could he do so ? by think that a ship make by 28 . man will carry he to place where God do not reign ?! ahab 's wife listen , as if this word be direct at she . tear stream down she face . mapple ( cont would ) and now the time of tide have come . the ship cast off she line and set away on the great , wide ocean . but the sea rebel ! oh , and the wind ! every sail tear , every plank thunder with trample foot ! ( beat ) but jonah do not see the black sky nor the raging sea all around he ! he do not see it -- he do not care ! ishmael and queequeg listen , entrance . so too do starbuck and he family . mapple ( cont would ) the god-fugitive be plainly know to all on board , and so they blame he for the tempest upon they ! so they lift up jonah like a anchor and drop he into the sea ! mapple ( cont would ) ( booming stormily ) and God come upon he ina mighty whale ! clamp all he ivory tooth about he ! then swallow he whole into the belly of hell -- and dive ten thousand fathom down to live gulf of doom ! the man wince , the wife cringe in vicarious horror . the child hide they face in they parent 's arm . have make he effect , Father mapple soften he voice : mapple ( cont would ) to the watery world of woe . there among the ocean bottom 's bone do jonah cry out he repentance . and God in that whale breach and vomit out jonah upon the land . and ever after , jonah preach the truth in the face of falsehood , against the proud commodore of this earth , and stand forth he inexorable self ! he turn to every face in the congregation , appeal to each one , beseech they . mapple ( cont would ) shipmate , my brethren of the sea ... hear I . Delight to he who give no quarter in the truth . but woe to he who would not be true , even though to be false would be he salvation ! over this , we feature the face of starbuck , listen with grave understanding ... ahab 's wife , eye clench in grief ... and finally ishmael and queequeg . the Christian and the pagan , try to fathom the word . mapple ( cont would ) Brothers , let we pray ... ( he eye close ) dear heavenly father , may we strive to be thine , more than to be this world 's or we own . for what be a man that he should not live out the lifetime of he God ? a long silence over the congregation . fade out . act 3 ext . nantucket BAY - day the distant pequod set sail out of the harbor beneath a dramatic sky . she pass the headland , bound for sea . ext . nantucket headland - day 30 . the tiny figure of woman hasten to the top of the great black cliff . ext . cliff promontory - day nantucket wive in they bleak dress and shawl run in scattered group to a high vantage point . they collect together on the promontory , all eye cast seaward to catch a last glimpse of they husband ' dwindling ship . among they be starbuck 's wife , a face of sad remorse . stubb 's two doxie , gush tear . ahab 's grieve wife , who have no more tear leave to cry . all bear the look of woman who have become widow in they man 's lifetime . stand alone , bulkington 's fiancee gaze forlornly out , hugging herself with anxious dread . starbuck 's wife approach and lay a comforting arm around she . from they view , the pequod shrink into the horizon . ext . atlantic ocean - day the magnificent pequod drive to windward , she great sail full to burst . she plunge through the big swell of choppy Atlantic water . ext . pequod ( at sea ) - middeck / quarterdeck - day a pitching deck , alive with activity . sailor scurry about , climb ladder , reefing sail , trimming yard under the calm command of first mate starbuck . starbuck back the main yard there ! up helm ! heart alive now ! struggle on a taut halyard from middeck , ishmael pull with difficulty . queequeg pull with powerful ease . third mate flask , pull rank to make up for he low stature and ignorance , shout at that on the rope . flask pull , ye monkey , or by gor I will give ye a good sea toss ! 31 . he turn on ishmael who stop , he soft hand blister . flask ( cont would ) go to it , landlubber , pull ! fluke and flame , boy , be ye that green in the gill ?! ishmael not that green , sir ! he keep pull , despite the pain . queequeg give flask a surly look . flask what be you lookin ' at , ye dumb , paint savage ?! second mate stubb lean over the quarterdeck bannister , smoking a proverbial short black pipe . stubb lookin ' at a dumber one , I would say ! he laugh and turn , call to a lookout high aloft . stubb ( cont would ) ho! masthead there ! look sharp ! we will be sightin ' for whale from sunup to sundown ! if ye see one , split yer lung , d'ye hear ?! ext . mast - day High on the topgallant mast stand harpooner tashtego , a american indian with long hair and the noble face of a warrior hunter . a muscle giant like queequeg . climb a sway rope ladder in the breeze be another harpooner dagoo , a coal - black barbarian with huge gold loop in he ear . another giant . a strong gust of wind hit the sail . the man react immediately , scramble over spar like nimble spider . starbuck ( 0.s. ) 32 . hand by the halyard ! in top -gallant sail ! stand by to reef topsail ! stubb ( 0.s. ) jump , my jolly ! dagoo and other tumble toward the topmast , among they bulkington . the two man taunt each other good - naturedly as they go about they dangerous business , shouting between mast : bulkington the squall ! jump the squall ! lend I yer earring , dagoo , so I can secure this sail ! dagoo come and get it , white skin ! both laugh , as they climb right over the canvas of the billow sail . ext . middeck - day the halyard pull stop . ishmael nurse he palm and stagger across the heaving deck , a bit seasick . a ship 's boom swing across the deck , about to broadside he -- queequeg yank he out of the way . both topple across the deck together . stubb bellow a laugh . stubb one hand for the ship , mister ishmael , one hand for yerself ! ishmael rise to he foot , nod he thanks to queequeg , humiliate but keep he pride . to stubb : ishmael aye , aye , sir . but I do not think it 's proper to make jest of another man 's peril . stubb aye , but you be wrong ! it 's laughter that 's the final consequence of everything ! the only comfort a man have , 33 . and the wisest one ! ishmael the easiest , you mean . stubb leap down from the quarterdeck and clap he on the shoulder with a hard but friendly whack . stubb the only comfort , shipmate , and the wisest , I tell you ! Wise stubb , that 's what they call I -- and that 's because , whatever happen , I go to it laugh ! another bellow laugh . ishmael nod , accept that . flask join flask pick they , hard - eying ishmael as he face stubb . flask just do not ever let fightin' flask catch ye laughin ' at ' im , stubb ! ( nod at ishmael ) so what be we goin ' to do with this pup ? ( to ishmael ) yer own mother would make a better sailor . ishmael I be tryin ' my best , sir . up a bucket and toss it roughly to he . flask then try this ! swab the deck , since that 's all yer good for . ishmael resign himself to it . pip dance by , bang cheerily on he tambourine , lift ishmael 's spirit . ext . quarterdeck - day by the deckhouse , starbuck watch all that go on around he . he glance toward the close door of the Captain 's cabin . no ahab in sight . he call out : 34 . starbuck mister bulkington ! give we a good song to speed we on ! alight down on deck , bulkington turn with reserve manner . then belt out a song with unexpected relish : bulkington in the indian Ocean , Pacific Ocean , no matter what ocean : pull ahead , yo heave 0 ! soon ye will hear the cry " town oo ! " the whole crew join in , as they work from deck to mast . crewmen " there she blow , hard up , square the yard then , steady , lad , so ! " cry the Captain . soon as we get near boy , in with the gear , boy , swing the crane clear , boy , pull ahead now , yo heave 0 ! swabbing the deck on he knee , ishmael wince from he bruise hand but manage a smile and sing awkwardly along . queequeg kneel down and join he at wash the deck . sing too . nearby , the arthritic carpenter drill a short hole in the planking . ishmael watch he , notice other hole all around the deck in random place . ishmael what be that hole for , sir ? carpenter Captain 's order -- mind yer own business ! taken back by that , ishmael keep swabbing . he gaze up toward the Captain 's cabin door with ambivalent curiosity . toiling beside he , queequeg follow ishmael 's eye . queequeg ship wid no cap and . yojo no sabbee dis . stubb pass by . ishmael rise to rest he hand . 35 . ishmael mister stubb , sir ? will he ever make a appearance , do ye suppose ? ahab , I mean ? stubb you guess be as good as mine . ishmael will we see a whale soon , I wonder ? stubb we will and ye will soon not forget it ! ye have not live , young monkey , ' till you have raise a whale ! he move on . ishmael stare out over the roll sea . int . forecastle - night cramped , claustrophobic crew ' quarter . wall of bunk around dining table , all too small for some thirty man . a rowdy , sweaty atmosphere , oil lamp swinging . motley crewmen queue before a steaming turrine at a parson table , as the cook ladle chowder into they bowl . two of they , perth and dough - boy , examine they bowl of watery stew with disgust . perth blast ! chowder for breakfast , chowder for supper ... dough - boy this swill be not fit for a dog ! cook mind yer tongue , swabby , or I will cut it off and add it to the pot ! he brandish a formidable kitchen knife . then fill a bowl for the carpenter , who nod slyly at a big beetle skitter across the turrine table . carpenter 36 . add that , cook -- mebbe it will improve the flavor . the other laugh . sneer sourly at he , the cook jab down he knife to kill the insect . he miss . the carpenter whip out a hammer and swing down -- whack ! bull 's eye . he grin at the pout cook . the man take they bowl to a dining table . the carpenter plop down beside the blacksmith , a begrime old salt with burn scar all over he flesh . perth and dough - Boy sit next to they . perth say , carpenter , where d'ye keep you rum this day ? I be itchin ' for a taste . carpenter what rum ? it 's against ship 's order , ye know that . nearby , ishmael straddle a bench with queequeg , who swath ishmael 's raw , bleed hand with cloth strip . perth lookit they two lovebird ... ( to ishmael ) careful with you hand , mate , you slave there might be mistakin ' it for supper ! queequeg turn with noble dignity . queequeg queequeg no slave . queequeg son to island king . the other two laugh at that . perth bow mockingly . perth oh , a thousand pardon , you majesty ! dough - boy hail to the prince of savage ! two brawny hulk sit opposite they : red tashtego and black dagoo , give they look to kill . perth and 37 . dough - Boy turn to they stew , suddenly quiet . ishmael look at queequeg as he finish bandage . ishmael you pagan need to teach we Christians the art of kindness . queequeg no matter . queequeg -ee be friend , aye ? queequeg hungry ! ishmael aye ! grub ho ! they rise and wend they way to the cook 's turrine . stubb and flask enter . the man 's rabble rouse settles down to a respectful lull . stubb at ease , ye son of bachelor ! we be not the capt and , after all . tashtego what capt and ? he do not exist . stubb and flask observe ishmael with he swathed hand , hold he bowl with great difficulty as the cook ladle out stew . stubb you be in a sad pickle , lad . flask what say we open some grog to quell he growin ' pain ? stubb not without permission from the capt and . flask to hell with permission ... he make for the carpenter 's bunk and kick open a tool box -- revealing a hide rum bottle . flask snatch it up . the carpenter jump up , alarmed . carpenter 38 . see here ! that 's my medicine ! flask potent medicine , I will wager ... he pop out the cork with he tooth and start to take a swig -- stubb grab it away from he . stubb no medicine for you , flask ! let 's christen we new pup ... ( to ishmael ) come here , I boy ! this ' 1ll cure ye ... ishmael turn , gingerly hold he bowl . stubb pour rum over he bandage hand . ishmael drop the bowl -- scream in pain ! stubb push the bottle at he . stubb ( cont would ) Quick ! drink , lad , it will kill the pain ... agonize , ishmael grab the bottle with hot hand and take a quick , deep swig . he spit out a mouthful and gasp , he inside burn worse than he hand . stubb ( cont would ) go on -- take another ! ye may be dry for a long spell to come ! look around at the mate goading he on , ishmael take the challenge . he chugalug from the bottle . flask aye ! that 's the manly way ! aloof on he bunk in b.g. , bulkington watch they . stubb well do , sailor ! ishmael can not speak , he breath on fire , sink faintly on a bench . queequeg pound he back to revive he . the other eye the bottle , anxious for a taste . they grubby hand grope for it , but flask push they back . 39 . flask easy , this be not for you ... ( to ishmael ) go to it , pup ! drink to yer first whale kill ! woozy ishmael downs another healthy swallow , get use to the burn . get drunk . the man laugh and urge he on , they merriment rise in pitch , until ... in b.g. come a familiar thunk -clop , thunk-clop ... stubb hist ! cut you seizing ! the crew fall silent , eye on the sway ceiling . the rhythmic thunk -clop of a pace peg leg on deck . then it stop . a long , quiet beat between the man . stubb turn to ishmael , in a low voice : stubb ( cont would ) he lose that leg to a whale , be what I hear . devour , it be ! chew up by the most monstrous fish that ever chip a boat ! flask aye ... a terrifyin ' creature , they say , and fearful angry ! stubb well , no whale 's ever happy to be hunt . I would not want any man in my boat who be not afraid of ‘em . flask a ' I do not want any who be ! ( to ishmael ) why , I have lower for a sperm whale from a leak ship in a gale off cape horn ! weaving drunkenly , ishmael listen fascinate . ishmael 40 . what about Captain ahab ? stubb ahab ? he 's hunt more whale than all of we put together . flask kill fifteen of ‘em between a sunrise and a sunset ! ishmael what of the whale that take he leg ? do he kill it too ? stubb bulkington would know . he be there . all face turn to bulkington , far remove in he bunk . flask tell we , mate ! tell we what happen to the capt and ? stubb aye , spin we a yarn ! everyone wait with anticipation . bulkington just stare at the ceiling , then reply with finality : bulkington I do not wish to speak of it . he say no more , the other groan disappointedly . ishmael keep drink , plow under . stubb turn to he , feed he imagination . stubb I will tell ye this much , pup . a good-size sperm whale can ram , shiver and sink a ship in a matter of second ! flask aye -- even a man o' War ! tashtego a ' dey thirst for human 41 . blood ! stubb why , shark be so a-fear of them , they dash themselves into rock just to flee a whale 's wake ! drunken ishmael listen with wide - eye terror . pip dance around the quarter , break the tension . pip crish , crash ! blang - whang ! I have hear all that chat now ! make I jingle all over ! thunk -clop , more pace above deck . pip stop . a dead pause among the crew , all eye turn upward . the peg leg pace ceaselessly . back and forth , back and forth . fade out . act 4 ext . atlantic ocean - morning a bright , cloudless day . the pequod sail along on a calm sea . int . forecastle - morning in he bunk , groggy - eye ishmael awaken . a split hangover . he sit up painfully with he bandage hand and focus on the bustle of man around he : deckhand wash and dress , prepare for the morning watch . queequeg shave before a shard of mirror with the razor edge of he harpoon . a sailor have he head down on a bench , the carpenter about to pierce he ear with a nail and hammer . ishmael rise and shuffles to a wash bin , hold he aching head . he wince to the rap of a hammer -- and a sailor 's scream . 42 . ext . pequod ( at sea ) - middeck - morning starbuck and stubb be on watch , gaug the wind and the luff of the sail . starbuck shout up : starbuck helm there ! luff a point ! the ship' steward ring a bell for the morning watch . stubb boom down into the forecastle : stubb first watch ! all hand on deck ! come along , ye solemn rogue , cease you preen ! the rest of the crew spill onto the deck , hasten to they duty . stubb grin at a hung-over ishmael , shouting close : stubb ( cont would ) you be on morning lookout , sailor ! get aloft ! ishmael grimace . nursing sore hand , he look up apprehensively at the tower masthead . queequeg step between they . queequeg beg-ee pardon , sir ! queequeg go aloft ! stubb nay , every man take he turn . he whacks ishmael 's aching back , a quick laugh . stubb ( cont would ) this mother 's boy have get to earn he salt ! hop to it ! ishmael aye , aye , Sir ... steeling himself , ishmael take the first rung of the 43 . rope ladder with swathed hand and painfully hoist himself up . he climb up slowly , unaccustom to the wide rung . stubb jump to it ! leg , man , leg ! ext . mast - morning ishmael climb faster with all he strength , the ladder sway in the wind . the higher he climb , the more the ship seem to pitch and toss . he look down : a dizzying view of a tiny deck , blue sea all around . ext . middeck - morning queequeg wave to urge he on . by now , most of the crew be watch ishmael 's virgin climb . starbuck sidle over beside stubb with amusement and concern . starbuck you be a cruel taskmaster , mister stubb . stubb aye , but we will make a seamen of he yet . ext . topmast - morning High aloft , ishmael brave it to the topgallant mast . the lookout top under he foot be two thin stick , a hundred foot above deck . like stand on weaving stilt . ishmael perches himself , hold on for dear life . he 's make it . ext . middeck - morning the crew cheer . grinning stubb shout up : stubb keep you weather eye open and look sharp ! ext . topmast - morning 44 . tower over vast ocean , ishmael forget he pain and scan the magnificent vista . a exhilate experience . ext . middeck - morning Men busy at work . flask toss pip he tambourine . flask give we some cheer , pip ! bang it , rig it , make fire fly and rattle we tooth ! pip play it and dance a fast jig , skip merrily around the middeck , toward the quarter deck ... then suddenly stop . his eye fix on a unsettle sight . starbuck , stubb , flask , all dechhand cease they duty and fall silent . stare in pip 's direction : ext . quarterdeck - morning Captain ahab loom high before the deckhouse . a godlike figure in bronze , brace against the wind . with he peg leg and white scar on he face , he 's a frightening sight . flanke behind he be the five Arabs we glimpse at the outset , dress in strange attire . fedallah , the turbane one , sport a sinister , dark - eye face with a ugly smile of break tooth . ahab 's personal harpooner , he shadow . ahab glare down at the man scattered around the middeck , search they face . ext . middeck - morning everyone face he , silent and still . the three ship 's mate draw close together , they voice low : stubb who be they funny - lookin ' boy with the capt and ? starbuck stowaway , it look like . 45 . flank I do not like the look of ‘em . ext . quarterdeck - morning scan face , ahab finally spot starbuck . he hobble vigorously forward with a fix glare . ahab mister starbuck ! starbuck Sir ! ahab send everybody aft , mister starbuck ! everybody , y'hear ?! starbuck yessir ! all hand aft ! ahab thunk-clops along the bannister , glance aloft . ahab masthead up there ! come down ! ext . mast - morning the man on the yard descend quickly , slide down sail and halyard rope . High on he perch , ishmael climb down urgently , no longer afraid , anxious to get below . ext . aft deck - morning ahab climb down and pace the deck with a familiar peg - leg SOUND . a restless , dark - spirite figure . starbuck come before he , follow by the crew . starbuck all man assemble , Captain ! ahab keep pace , deep in think . look on , stubb whisper aside to flask . 46 . stubb look at he , flask , there 's something like a chick in he , peckin ' at he shell , fightin ' to get out ! flask maybe he 's get we all here to show we how well he walk on one leg . the last to arrive , ishmael crane he neck behind the other to get a better view of the Captain . ahab stop pace and plant a whalebone peg into one of the carpenter 's deck hole , root himself . he face the crew . a deep , throaty resonance , loud and forceful : ahab what do ye do when ye see a whale , man ?! the man look momentarily puzzle . then , a tentative chorus : crewmen sing out ... sing out for he ! a beat , then ahab 's glare dissolves away to a slow but infectious smile . he nod approvingly . ahab good ! and what next ? flask lower away , and after he ! ahab and what tune do ye pull to in you whaleboat ? as ye go after he ? stubb a dead whale or a sink boat ! ahab slam he fist down onto the bulwark -- bark with guttural satisfaction . he reach into he vest 47 . pocket , withdraw he hand and hold something up in the air for all to see : a large Spanish gold coin . the man edge curiously closer . ahab brandish it high before they . ahab look , man ... d 'ye see this ?! ' tis a ounce of Spanish gold ! a sixteen-dollar piece ! a enthusiastic murmur among the crew . pip rattles he tambourine . the murmur quickly die down , as ahab make he way down to middeck . the sharp thunk - clop of he peg leg ring out like a bell . ext . middeck - morning ahab strut the full length of the ship , move from peghole to peghole to anchor himself whenever he stop , the long deck he actor 's stage . the volcanic fire inside he burn the air all about he . ahab ( cont would ) look closer , mate ! D 'ye see it ? all eye shift back and forth between the gold piece and ahab 's fiery eye . starbuck glance toward fedallah , immobile in b.g. puzzle by it all . ahab reach the awestruck carpenter with he toolbox . ahab ( cont would ) carpenter , hand I yon hammer ! and one strong iron nail ! the carpenter produce the hammer from he belt and dig quickly into he box . ahab turn to scan the gruff face all around he . Men avoid he eye , look only at the coin . the carpenter offer the hammer and a nail . ahab snatch they and half - stride back across the deck to the main mast . his voice begin with a low , 48 . intense growl , building to a roar : ahab ( cont would ) whosoever of ye raise I a white - head whale ... aye , white -headed with a wrinkle brow and a crooked jaw ... whosoever raise I that snow - white whale with hole puncture in he starboard fluke , I say ... whosoever among ye raise I that accursed white whale ... he shall have this gold ounce ! more murmur from the crew , louder and more excited . stubb and flask exchange hushed , animated word . starbuck watch in amaze silence . detach from the crowd , only bulkington show no reaction . he stare seaward with a grim face . the three big harpooner exchange challenging grin . tashtego step forward . tashtego must be that whale folk call moby Dick , eh , capt and ? on ahab 's face , a remarkable transformation . he turn toward tashtego , he low voice like a animal snarl : ahab moby Dick ! do ye know the white whale then , tashtego ? dagoo speak out before tashtego can answer , ahab 's head shifting to he with reptilian speed . dagoo aye ! that whale have a odd spout , too ... mighty large and ... bushy with white wool . that the one , capt and ? queequeg queequeg sabee he ! him get many iron spear in he hide , cap and ! all twisketee ... like ... 49 . ahab like twisted metal ! aye , like corkscrews ! his brow clear , he voice a roar of barely contain emotion : ahab aye , queequeg , the harpoon lie all twisted in he like so many corkscrews ! aye , dagoo ...his spout be a big one , like a whole shock of wheat , as thick as a pile of nantucket wool ! aye , tash ... by death and devil , that white whale be moby dick ! " tis moby dick ye have see ... moby dick ! the name seem to strangle he . a spontaneous shout erupt from the man around he , share he rage . ishmael watch , engross in the high drama of this moment . finally , starbuck step soberly forward . starbuck I have hear of moby Dick , Captain . be it not moby Dick that take off you leg ? ahab spin around to face starbuck , he face aflame . ahab who tell ye that ? starbuck it 's common knowledge , sir . ahab aye , mister starbuck ... aye ! ( to he crew ) aye , my hearties all round ... " twas moby Dick that dismast I ! moby Dick that reap away my limb like a mower a blade of grass ! moby Dick that bring I to this ... dead stump I stand on now ! aye ! ' twas that damnedable beast that raze I ! make a poor peg lubber of I ... forever and a day ! 50 . he lift he hand , clench around both coin and hammer . ahab ( cont would ) moby dick ! and I will chase that white whale round good hope , round the horn -- and round perdition flame before I give he up ! starbuck react , bewilder by ahab 's outburst . he watch disturb , as the man shout " aye ! " of support . ahab step from man to man , right up to each face . ahab ( cont would ) this be what ye have ship for , man ! to chase that white whale on both side of land and over all the ocean -- " till he spout black blood and roll dead out ! he turn to the main mast . slam the gold coin high on the mast wood , place a nail to it and hammer the coin fast to the mast . then turn back , call the steward . ahab steward ! go draw a great measure of grog ! ( to he crew ) what say ye , man ? will ye splice hand on it ? now ?! I think ye do look brave ! the harpooner be first to react . tashtego aye , aye ! dagoo a sharp eye for the white whale ! queequeg sharp spear for moby Dick ! the rest now join in a chorus of " aye , aye ! " ahab nod , deeply move by they reaction . ahab God bless ye , man ! 51 . the steward roll out a grog barrel to the cheering crew . cup be fill to the brim . ahab turn to notice the concern on starbuck 's face . ahab ( cont would ) what ail ye , mister starbuck ? why the long face ? starbuck be hesitant to respond . ahab ( cont would ) will ye not chase the white whale , then ? not game for moby Dick , be ye ? starbuck oh , I be . I be game for the jaw of death , if it 's part of the business we be here for . I come to hunt whale , not my commander 's vengeance . how many barrel of oil will you vengeance yield , I ask ye ? ahab study starbuck with a colder , narrower eye . ahab I see . be money to be the measure of everything we do , then ? then let I tell ye : my vengeance will fetch a great premium -- here ! he slam he fist against he own chest . a electric beat between they , starbuck shake by he . starbuck what d'ye wish of I , Captain ? ahab help I strike a fin ! not a impossible , nor wondrous feat for you -- the best lance out of all nantucket ! surely you , of all the crew , would not be the one to hang back ! speak , man ! starbuck wearily meet he fiery eye , sap by he 52 . energy . he say nothing . ahab 's brow darken . ahab ( cont would ) you silence speak loudly , sir . ( turn away ) the measure , man ! the measure ! he abandon starbuck , lead the party with animated bravado , pass around cup . starbuck shake he head . starbuck May God help we all . ahab drink and pass ! round with it , round ! short draught , long swallow , my brave ... ( drink deep ) ahh , t'is hot as Satan 's hoof ! well do , almost drain ! Hand I another , boy , here 's a hollow ! so brim life be gulp and go , man ! steward ! refill ! he downs a cupful in one long draught . despite he peg leg , he suddenly leap agilely onto one of the whaling boat . the crew watch , amaze by he charismatic energy , intimidate by he . all but starbuck . ahab ( cont would ) attend now , mate , flank I ! harpooner , stand here with you iron ! and ye mariner , all of you , ring I in ... let I revive a noble custom of my fisherman father before I ! stubb , starbuck and flask grab they lance . queequeg , tashtego and dagoo appear , carry two harpoon each . ahab wave they closer around the whaling boat . ishmael bear silent witness : something mystical in the aspect of bald , scar ahab tower above the rest in the boat , he black coat flap about he . 53 . ahab ( cont would ) Advance , mate ! Cross you lance full in front of I ! now let I touch the axis ! ahab lean down and grasp the three lance at they cross center , peer intently into each man' eye . stubb and flask can not sustain he inflame glare and turn they eye away from he . starbuck gaze evenly at he . ahab ( cont would ) do ye three feel the full force SHOCK of it ?! mine own electric thing ?! now mate , be my appoint cup - bearer to you three pagan kinsmen there ... he abruptly push away they lance , break the spell . then he turn he laser - like focus on the harpooner , stand behind the mate . ahab ( cont would ) draw the pole , harpooner ! the three giant harpooner quickly remove the iron part of they harpoon like proud knight before they king . they step up to ahab with ritualistic fervor and -- with perfect timing -- thrust the iron toward he . ahab reach down from the whaleboat -- slam he open palm onto a sharp blade . blood gush from he hand . unflinchingly , ahab rise with bold majesty . ahab ( cont would ) now cant they ! turn they over , I say ! show I the goblet end ! turn up the socket ! so ...so ! now hold they while I fill ! steward , bring I you flask ! the steward hand he a flask . ahab fill the harpoon socket with grog , full to the brim ... drip drop of he own blood into each socket . ahab ( cont would ) now , three to three , ye stand . commend this murderous chalice ... 54 . touch they , and ye shall become party to a indissoluble league ! the three harpooner clink the socket together . ahab ( cont would ) drink , my brave harpooner ! drink and swear , you that stand the bow of whaleboat ! the harpooner guzzle down the mix rum and blood , to the last drop . ahab glance toward a shocked starbuck . ahab ( cont would ) behold , mister starbuck ! the deed be do ! ( to whole crew ) drink , all of ye ! and swear death to moby Dick ! May God hunt we all if we do not hunt moby Dick to he death ! the crew , catch up in the moment , down they own cup -- then burst into shout , cup raise to they captain . crewmen death to moby Dick ! death to moby Dick !! every man of they ... the harpooner , stubb , flask , ishmael , perth , dough - Boy , carpenter , blacksmith , little pip , even bulkington . only starbuck refrain , away from the crowd . on the whaleboat , ahab glance across the ship and see starbuck 's aloofness . his dark eye focus sharply on he . Long , unsettle look between they . a moment of impending conflict . fade out . act 5 ext . atlantic ocean - sunset the pequod drift on a light wind , she progress slow . 55 . int . captain cabin - sunset two polished harpoon reflect the last ray of the sunset . a spartan cabin , twisted sheet on a bunk . hunched over a table scattered with sea chart , ahab pore over the four ocean . his pencil trace over a confuse jumble of draw line ... the course of whale . starbuck ( 0.s ) permission to enter , Captain . ahab grunt a affirmative , too preoccupy to look up . starbuck enter and wait respectfully , a little tense . starbuck you send for I , sir ? ahab mister starbuck . we be inexorably bound together for the duration of this voyage . you and I be intelligent man , shippin ' with savage . we need not be stranger . starbuck I do not wish it , Captain , I be tie to thee . ahab good . good ! he gesture he closer , point over he chart . ahab see here , starbuck . ' tis the migratory route of the sperm whale . no ship ever sail she course with one tithe of such marvelous precision . from the azore to St. helena , around the cape , to the Sea of Japan . stand close , starbuck study ahab more than the map . starbuck time and tide flow wide , sir . moby Dick have the round watery 56 . world to swim in . ahab mister starbuck , I know he latitudes , he season , the drifting of he food ... ahab ( cont would ) I know he sighting , from the seychelle ground to volcano Bay . starbuck where lie nantucket ? ah here ... ( point on map ) ... where we wife and child will carry the wee babe up the hill to catch first glimpse of this sail . you wife and son will be among they , sir . ahab 's face flinch . a sensitive chord have be strike . starbuck ( cont would ) we must not disappoint they . I be no crusader after peril , Captain . my course be set to return safely home -- with a full hold . ' tis the object of we endeavor . ahab look up impatiently , eying he with darken brow . ahab hear I . ' til this be do , my boy 's face be to I as the palm of this hand . a lipless , unfeature blank . my vengeance , this very act , be rehearse by you and I a billion year before this ocean roll . ( draw he near ) all visable object be but pasteboard mask , behind which some unknown but still reason thing put forth the molding of its feature . if man will strike , strike through the mask ! how else can a prisoner escape but by thrust through the wall ? 57 . starbuck the white whale be this mask , sir , this wall ? ahab pace the room , he peg leg scraping the floor . ahab aye ! he task I ... he heaps I ... he gall I ! I see in he outrageous strength , inscrutable malice ! that be what I hate ! starbuck but vengeance on a dumb brute , sir ! that take you leg from blindest instinct ?! ahab and I will wreck my hate upon he ! starbuck " tis madness to be so enraged ! to seek vengeance on a dumb thing -- 'tis blasphemy ! ahab turn to confront he , he word charge with fury . ahab blasphemy ?! do not talk to I of blasphemy , man ! he glare out the window at the sunset , shaking a fist . ahab I would strike the SUN if it insulted I ! what I have dare I have will , and what I have will I will do ! ( turn to he ) you look pale . you think I mad , do not ye ? I be not mad ... I be madness madden ! starbuck stare in utter shock . he shake he head . starbuck Sir , I be not much for fight a fish that too much persist in fight I . I be here to 58 . kill whale for my live , not to be kill by they for theirs . but ... you be the Captain . ahab aye . I am the Captain . ext . atlantic ocean - night the pequod drift through a starry night . a myriad of moonlit sequin across the water . int . forecastle - night a besotted crew sing whaling song , sprawle about table and bunk like slovenly pirate . they cup empty , most of they too drunk to move . ishmael wend through they and turn down a corridor . int . corridor - night ishmael pass a doorway into the mate ' quarter and glance inside : int . mate ' quarter - night a quiet , more civilized scene . starbuck read alone from a bible . stubb and flask play a game of draught . ext . middeck - night ishmael emerge from below and breathes in the sea air . he look toward fedallah and he strange crew : set up camp in a spare whaleboat . bedd and food have be laid out , as if they be on a different ship from the rest of the crew . they converse in low , guttural arabic . ishmael turn to the side for solitude , gaze over the moonlit sea . then realize he 's not alone ... ahab stand some yard away by the bulwark , also gaze out . he produce a pipe and light it , cupping the bowl with bony hand . a ship 's lamp cast a flicker light across he weathered visage . ishmael retreat a step into shadow , afraid of the man , yet fascinate by he . 59 . unaware of he , ahab smoke in silence . he take the pipe from he mouth and stare at it , shaking he head . his voice unusually subdued : ahab Old pipe ... hard it go that even you pleasure be go . he gaze up at the bright moon . ahab time be when the moonlight soothed I . no more . this lovely light , it light I not . all loveliness be anguish to I now , since I can never enjoy . damned -- most subtly and malignantly . damned in the midst of paradise ! he start to turn away -- suddenly wince from a sharp pain in he severe thigh . he grip the pipe tighter , as if transfer he anger and pain to the object in he hand . ahab what business have I with pleasure ?! any pleasure !... with sudden disgust , he toss the pipe overboard . Hidden in the shadow , ishmael stare down : ext . atlantic ocean - night the pipe tumble down to sea , its spark scatter ... extinguish in a sudden fizz as it hit the water . ext . middeck - night without another word , ahab thunk -clop away . ishmael gaze after he , baffle by he . int . forecastle - night most of the crew be dead asleep . ishmael step quietly among the cramped bunk . no sound but for man 's snore , the whish of water against the hull . ishmael pause to smile at queequeg , who sleep with one 60 . arm clutching he harpoon . he make he way to he bunk . stop to discern another distant SOUND beyond the hull : a eerie , haunt , watery melody from deep in the ocean , mile away . pip be awake on he bunk , ear close to the hull , as he listen to the mysterious SOUND . ishmael crouch beside he , fondly watch the boy . they eye meet . ishmael be it mermaid , lad ? pip whale , sir . they be singin ' to each other . pip smile in the dim light . ishmael return the smile and retire into he own bunk , listen too . whale song seem to fill the forecastle 's cramped space . ext . caribbean sea - day a tropical sea under a beat sun . swell roll over translucent , turquoise water . under full sail , the pequod drive to windward . ext . pequod ( at sea ) - topmast - day suddenly -- a excited cry from dagoo on the lookout , loud and insistent . dagoo there she blow !! there ! there ! she blows !! ext . quarterdeck - day ahab yank he peg leg out of its anchorage and haul up a ladder by he arm alone . ahab where away ?! dagoo ( 0.s. ) on the lee beam , sir ! half 61 . a rifle shot off ! starbuck , stubb and flask rush to the side to look out . starbuck there go fluke ! stubb by thunder ! a whole school of ‘em ! the deck become a frenzy of activity . queequeg and tashtego emerge from below , harpoon ready . ext . topmast - day dago swing between halyard like a trapeze artist , slide a hundred foot down -- and alight on the deck . ext . quarterdeck - day fedallah appear at ahab 's side , wait expectantly . ahab steward ! fetch I my glass ! the steward dash over with a eyeglass . ahab snatch it , extend the scope and peer through it , search . ahab time ! Quick , steward ! steward thirteen hour , sir ! ext . caribbean sea - day view through the eyeglass , a dozen whale fluke beat through the swell , all grey . no white one . ext . quarterdeck - day ahab snap the eyeglass close , disappointed . he pull out a small book from he pocket and jot down the hour . starbuck hurry up to he . starbuck ready to lower boat , sir ! 62 . ahab glance aside , disinterested in the whole business . ahab aye . lower away . starbuck rush off . fedallah sputter arabic to ahab with a toothy grin , itching to go out . ahab ( cont would ) you too , then . he turn away , grip a rail to help he crippled way . ext . ship be side - day crane be thrust out , line tub fix in they place and whaling boat swing over to be lower , sailor work frantically . Three boat lower fast , chain clanking , rope hissing , and splash onto the water . a clamor of shout , rower , harpooner and the three mate scramble down ladder , into they respective boat . a fourth spare boat be lower by fedallah 's crew , aloof from the other , work silently and efficiently . in starbuck 's boat , ishmael man the oar with other , brim with anticipation of he first whale hunt . queequeg attaches rope line to he harpoon . the boat cast away from the ship . stubb cry out from he boat , as they too cast off . stubb well , here go for a cool dive at death and destruction ! and let the devil fetch the hindmost ! caste off in he boat , flask gesture outward in dismay . flask would ye lookit that ?! ext . caribbean sea - day 63 . fedallah 's boat be already row out across the water , way ahead of they . ext . ship be side - day stubb ( mockingly ) there 's a pretty fellow now ! let 's give them jackal a run for they money ! all three boat row out at a furious pace . ext . caribbean sea - day a school of sperm whale breach in the roll sea . spout of misty air . they move at a slow , tranquil pace , unaware of hunter head in they direction . from a airborne view : four boat in pursuit of the school . fedallah 's remain far in the lead , the other three racing to catch up , all close together . ext . starbuck's boat - day ishmael row arduously , work up a sweat . he look over the rise of a long swell , just in time to see great spout . queequeg , the lead rower , row like a dynamo , guide the pace . starbuck work the tiller . starbuck there she blow again , right ahead , boy ... lay back ! he watch the school of whale , then glance back at the other two boat behind he : flask 's boat fast approach , dagoo at the bow , row with as much power as queequeg . ext . flask's boat - day flask shout to starbuck , point toward the Arabs ' boat . flask who be that devil , sir ?! do the capt and bring ‘em along 64 . to make fool of we all ! ext . starbuck's boat - day starbuck never mind they ! give way , pull out more to leeward ! stubb 's boat , tashtego at the bow , pull ahead . ext . stubb be boat - day stubb roar with laughter , as he boat pass they . stubb pull , pull , my child , my little one ! ( to flask ) what difference who they be ... they be five more hand come to help we ! more the merrier , I say ! but let 's give ' ema bit of sport ! ( to oarsman ) snap you oar , you rascal ! Long and strong , ragamuffin , you sorry rapscallion ... give way ! give way ! pull , pull ! his boat pull ahead , disappear behind a tall swell . ext . starbuck's boat - day ishmael , row exhaustedly near starbuck , turn to he . ishmael what do you think of that new boy , mister starbuck ? starbuck smuggle on board to do ahab 's personal bid , I warrant ... ( urging they on ) spring , man , spring ! there 's a fortune of oil out there , swim right ahead of we ! that 's what we come for and that 's we duty ! duty and profit , hand in hand ! pull ! 65 . they boat drop into a deep trough . just then , one of the sperm whale breach directly in front of they . starbuck ( cont would ) queequeg ! Quick ! queequeg toss he oar and jump up to the bow with he harpoon . before he have a chance to do anything ... ext . caribbean sea - day fedallah 's boat suddenly appear directly in front of starbuck 's boat -- surfing down the swell at terrific speed to intercept the whale ! ext . fedallah' boat - day work silently like professional killer , the oarsman a powerful lot . fedallah swiftly take the harpooner 's position at the bow . the oarsman stop row and , in perfect unison , lift they oar in the air . ext . caribbean sea - day fedallah throw he harpoon with deadly force ! the harpoon penetrate the whale 's flank , the effect instantaneous -- the water boil in a raging , bloody foam , as the whale thrashes in agony ! ext . fedallah be boat - day fedallah launch a second harpoon into he stricken prey with a loud , primitive shout of triumph ! ext . starbuck's boat - day a second whale suddenly breach next to starbuck 's boat , too close -- its huge body strike the hull ! the boat tip precariously . starbuck there ! there ! give it to he ! queequeg manage to thrust out he harpoon from the violently rock boat . the harpoon miss . ext . caribbean sea - day 66 . instantly , flask 's boat streak in for the kill . ext . flask's boat - day tashtego quickly raise and slam he harpoon deep into the body of the huge creature ! blood gush ! ext . caribbean sea - day the whale 's tail jerk upward , catch flask 's boat -- flipping it skyward ! flask and he crew be throw high into the churn sea , far from view ! too close to starbuck 's boat , thrashing fluke slap down against the water with crash power -- and send a wave that almost tip he boat over ! ext . starbuck's boat - day the force send the crew spilling into the drink ! ext . caribbean sea - day starbuck 's man flail about in the turbulent water , try to reach they boat . ishmael splashes frantically in the watery chaos , whale all around he . wave from the slapping tail plow over he , froth up water like a eggbeater . lose strength , ishmael sink beneath the surface ! ext . underwater - day ishmael sink fast amidst the enormous shape of whale , behind he a underwater cloud of blood . eye wide open as he flail , he glimpsis a amazing sight : across the deep blue , a mother whale with she cub . a half - dozen bull whale circle protectively around she . queequeg suddenly appear from behind -- grab ishmael by the waist and quickly swim back to the surface . ext . caribbean sea - day 67 . queequeg surface with ishmael in tow . ishmael spit out water , cough and gag . fedallah 's boat appear , as if by incarnation . ext . fedallah' boat - day stand proudly in the bow , fedallah grin down contemptuously down at queequeg and ishmael in the water . he reach out and haul they both into the boat with superhuman strength . catch he breath , ishmael look out at the settling sea : ext . caribbean sea - day a dead , blood - soak sperm whale float , fluke out . fedallah 's kill . a distance off , starbuck 's boat , man climb back into she . but not a sign of flask 's boat . stubb 's boat drift into view toward fedallah 's boat . ext . stubb be boat - day stubb loom in the stern , he jaw set . miss all the action , he 's not laugh now . he glance at the dead whale ... then turn he envious eye on the grin arab . scan the horizon of high swell , stubb cup he hand and shout : stubb flask ! you impious old smut ! where the devil be ye ?! no reply . just the distant SOUND of crying whale . ext . caribbean - day the three boat return to ship , fedallah 's boat towing the dead whale behind it . the hunt be over , leave behind a vast sea of blood . fade out . act 6 ext . pequod ( at sea ) - quarterdeck - day 68 . ahab stand alone at the taffrail , stare out into the horizon . he barely acknowledge the activity below . ext . ship be side - day the giant dead sperm whale be fastened to the hull by dozen of rope haul in by dechhand . fedallah jump on the whale 's back like a acrobatic , use it as a step stone to climb aboard . ext . middeck - day fedallah leap on deck , as pip dance and tambourine around he . the old carpenter bang a bell with he hammer , applaud he . stubb and tashtego climb aboard and shoot dagger look at the arab , a mix of admiration and resentment . fedallah casually pick he tooth with a taper , knife - long fingernail . they help aboard ishmael ... wet , shiver , in shock . then come starbuck and queequeg , both soak to the bone but compose as if nothing have happen . ext . quarterdeck - day starbuck report to ahab at the taffrail , the Captain gaze seaward as if oblivious . starbuck lose a boat , sir . permission to send out a search party . ahab permission deny . starbuck be stunne . ahab just stare out at the roll swell . starbuck beg pardon , sir ?? ahab slowly raise he arm and point a bony finger far out to sea , toward the top of a big swell . starbuck strain to see out : 69 . ext . caribbean sea - day a float speck far on the horizon ... a overturn whaleboat . on the upturn bow stand dagoo . short flask sit on he shoulder , wave he arm like a semaphore . the rest of the man cling to the boat from the water . ext . quarterdeck - day ahab there , see ? there 's mister flask ... in the middle of a blind ocean . starbuck peer at the strange sight and shake he head . the rest of the crew look out and cheer . stubb laugh heartily . pip drum he tambourine , dance a jig . ahab ( cont would ) ye would better get ‘em on board , mister starbuck , before the shark discover ‘em . he hobble away to he cabin . pip shake he tambourine at he , hum a light tune . ahab glare at he . pip stop play and edge fearfully back . regard the boy thoughtfully , as if notice he for the first time , ahab allow a hint of a smile . pip dance off . int . forecastle - day Men dry off and change clothes . queequeg rub down shiver ishmael who 's still traumatize , he tooth rattling . dagoo and he crew climb below deck , all drip wet but cheerful and laugh loudly . ishmael turn to queequeg . ishmael why be everyone so damn merry ? we almost drown ! queequeg 70 . habben all dime , friend ! all dime ! dat be whaling ! queequeg laugh . it 's infectious , and other join in . int . mate ' quarter - day starbuck and flask change clothes , while stub light he pipe and pip collect they wet garment . flask strip off a shirt and toss it sourly . flask that damned foreign monkey ... takin ' we rightful whale like that ! stubb aye ! what manner of creature be he , anyway ? starbuck a creature from we dream . flask how d'ye mean ? like a ghost ? starbuck a devil , perhaps . stubb man 's the devil , all right ! the reason ye can not see he tail be because he tuck it out of sight ! pip a ' it 's coiled in he boot ! stubb laugh at that , ruffling the boy 's hair . flask do ye hear the way he talk to the capt and in that slithery tongue ? what d'ye suppose they talk about ? starbuck strike up a bargain , I would say . 71 . stubb that 's it , starbuck ! ahab 's hard after that white whale , be not he ? mebbe that devil be tryin ' to get he to swap away he silver watch or , or ... starbuck or he soul . ext . quarterdeck - night ahab stand on one of he sleepless watch , he whalebone leg firmly roote in a peghole . he gaze into the sea , listen to the exotic humming of a bedouin song from fedallah 's crew in the spare boat . the only other SOUND come from the whale carcass tie alongside the ship ... the savaging of shark . ahab turn to observe a commotion below : ext . middeck - night stubb hasten across the deck , accompany by the cook , flask , ishmael and the carpenter , who carry a lamp rig to the wooden staff of a harpoon . queequeg , dagoo and tashtego follow they with spear and lance . stubb a steak , a steak , by heaven , before I sleep ! they make they way toward the ship 's side to which the carcass be lash . all the man look down at the hump of the whale 's immense forehead . fedallah silently drift past they . startle by he , stubb turn to the other with a look of scorn . stubb ah , now wait , shipmate ... wait ! ai not this the devil that kill the whale ? 72 , he bow mockingly to fedallah , who return a skeletal grin . stubb ( cont would ) the harpooner 's choice of steak , eh ? be that what ye come for ? ignoring he , fedallah spit down at the carcass of the whale with pure contempt . tauntingly , he step up to the gold coin on the mast and tap it , as if it be already he . then return to he crew in the spare boat . stubb laugh and lean over the bulwark . he take the harpoon - lamp from the carpenter and shine it down on the ferocious scene below : shark in a feed frenzy , rip at the dead whale . stubb well , that foreign devil may care not for whale steak , but I will eat this fish in one mouthful ! ( to harpooner ) ready , boy ... stubb throw the harpoon - lamp -- impale it into the whale 's forehead . queequeg , dagoo and tashtego leap over the side . ext . whale carcass - night they land on the giant whale 's head , queequeg and dagoo carry sharp cut spear . they climb down toward the tail , while tashtego keep guard against the shark with lance in both hand . ext . middeck - night ishmael lean over the bulwark , stare awestruck at the infernal scene and the intrepid harpooner . stubb just the tender bit , boy ! ext . whale carcass - night queequeg and dagoo bark signal to each other as they struggle they way to the tail of the carcass . 73 . despite they precarious position , the slippery whale and the unpredictable swell , queequeg and dagoo cut into the lower part of the whale 's tail . queequeg slice out a large chunk of red meat , when ... a enormous shark lunge out of the water at he ! it almost snatch the bloody meat -- but queequeg toss it to dagoo . queequeg slip and start to slide down the tail section -- directly toward the massive jaw of the shark ! he slam he cut spear into the whale and pull himself up . tashtego spear the shark . a quick , thrashing death . ext . quarterdeck - night ahab observe the antic of he man below with half a smile . then return to he watch , gaze dead to sea like a stone sentinel . ext . middeck - night the harpooner have return , the other all huddle around something . stubb push he way in between they , as we move in to reveal : five whale steak , sizzling on a rudimentary grill . behind the grill , the cook work fast , sprinkle whole spice on the meat , chopping they directly onto the barbecue steak . stubb be quick about it , cook ! I be famish ! cook awright , awright , do not be in such a bleedin ' rush ... he fork out a couple of steak onto two wood plate . stubb reach for a plate . stubb ( cont would ) this one 's for the capt and ... he take it away , hurry up onto the quarterdeck . 74 . ext . quarterdeck - night stubb respectfully offer the plate of steaming meat . stubb capt and , sir . would ye care to have first honors , sir ? ahab shake he head gravely , not veer from he watch . stubb shrug and climb back down . ext . middeck - night stubb sit down with flask at a makeshift table , complete with napkin , knife and fork . in b.g. , ishmael , the carpenter and the harpooner hungrily watch the ceremony . the two officer dig into they steak with relish , stubb lean over in a low voice : stubb ( cont would ) poor capt and . the whale eat he , ' stead of he eatin' the whale . flask listen to the shark 's savaging , annoyed . flask blast that critter ... they be kick up such a shindy I be losin ' I appetite ! at the grill , the cook fork out the last three steak onto a platter . the carpenter step over and gloat at they with salivate eye . carpenter cook , lemme have one o' that , will ye ? cook be ye daft ?! officer only . carpenter but there 's three steak ! cook aye , one 's a second helpin ' fer stubb , one 's for I . 75 . carpenter that 's one leave , be not it ?! cook that one 's for I too . carpenter have a heart , damn ye ! the cook irritably grab a cut spear from queequeg . cook ye want a steak ?! go get it yerself ! carpenter wot ?! down there ?! cook g'won then ! he shove the spear into he hand . the carpenter stare anxiously down over the bulwark . everyone watch he consider it . hesitate , he climb over the rail with arthritic slowness . then freeze on the bulwark , look down fearfully at the loudly thrashing shark . flask g'won , what be ye waitin ' for ?! the carpenter look back . the cook nod mockingly . cook a ' tell them to be quiet while yer at it ! stubb , ishmael and the other all burst out laugh . humiliate , the carpenter glare at the cook 's vulgar grin . down below , splashing sound from two fight shark -- the carpenter jump back off the rail in holy terror . a explosion of laughter all around . ext . middeck - day a complex whale - processing factory be under way : the carve of a dead whale and the melting of its blubber . the whale 's skin be peel up from the float carcass by chain and pulley from the lower masthead on a huge blubber hook . like a peel orange , the skinned whale 76 . roll over and over in the water . the deck careen from the tremendous weight . sailor crowd the windlass , tug and turn it , sing : crewmen we captain stand upon the deck , a spy glass in he hand , a viewin ' of that gallant whale that blow at every strand ! other dechhand slice ton of blubber into huge chunks with mincing spade . they haul they to the try-work , two giant pot on iron furnace . smoke billow and flame lick out , as the blacksmith feed wood into the open furnace . the blubber chunks be pitch into the scalding pot to be boil down , as the man sing on : crewmen ( cont would ) you tub in you boat , boy , and by you brace stand , we will have one of that whale , Hand , boy , over hand ! large barrel be fill with gallon of whale oil , seal and roll down the gape maw of a bow hatch into the barrel hold , deep in the bowel of the ship . crewmen ( cont would ) so be cheery , my lad ! May heart you heart never fail ! while the bold harpooner be strike the whale ! the deck planking stream with freshet of oil and blood , litter horrifically with bone and blubber . during all this labor , fedallah and he Arabs recline lazily in the spare boat , oblivious to everyone . scowl at the lollygagger , flask turn to stubb . flask lookit them devil , stubb ... idlin ' away while the rest of we slave ! I get a good mind to stove they boat and send " they to davy Jones ! 77 . ext . MAIN mast - day High aloft in the rigging , ishmael paint the spar with tar . queequeg do the same beside he , both of they hang precariously over a fifty - foot drop . his hand heal and strong , ishmael no longer show any fear . below he , a crow 's nest view : a deck swathed in gore . revolted by the sight , ishmael shake he head woefully . ishmael Heaven help we ... we be the vulture of the sea . queequeg no sabbee what - ee mean . ishmael I mean there 's no savagery of beast that 's not infinitely outdone by that of man . his eye fall on : ahab , emerge from he cabin , load down with chart , he log book and a quadrant . ext . quarterdeck - day ahab set the chart and book on a capstan , raise the quadrant to he eye . then he spread the chart out , open the log book , read from it , check the chart and read again . all with a frantic edge . give up , he pace like a cage beast , peg - legging from port to starboard , ignore the middeck hustle and bustle . starbuck approach he , clearly agitate . starbuck Sir ! I must request that ye put that foreign boy to work . they slovenliness be affectin ' the morale of the crew . ahab keep pace , as if not hearing he , scan the sea with murderous frustration . starbuck shift over to block he way , adamant . 78 . starbuck ( cont would ) do ye not hear I , Captain ? ahab stop to glare at he , he jaw tight . ahab they be not here to tend ship , or any other business , mister starbuck . none but one single purpose -- to hunt down and slay moby Dick ! starbuck start to reply , but a outcry interrupt he : lookout ( 0.s. ) sail ho ! sail to larboard ! excite murmur spread among the man , as they race toward the port side to view a distant vessel in b.g . the steward materialize with the eyeglass and hand it to ahab , who grab it and take a quick look at the ship . ahab English . he lower the eyeglass , deliberate to himself . ahab ( cont would ) prepare for visitor . ext . caribbean sea - day the two whaling ship , of almost identical design , heave to and drift side by side . a small boat row toward the pequod . the other ship bear the name " SAMUEL enderby " . from she deck , the sound of accordion music and festive revelry . ext . pequod ( at sea ) - middeck - day the pequod crew hug the bulwark to view the enderby 's distant deck : 79 . ext . enderby ( at sea ) - day a wild celebration seem to be take place on board . sailor be drink and carouse , dance with beautiful , colorfully attire polynesian girl . in sharp contrast to the somber pequod , it 's a ship of laughter and joy . fade out . act 7 ext . pequod ( at sea ) - middeck - day view from we deck : the happy , drunken enderby crew crowd the bulwark , face we . they wave flask of grog , shout across and gesture we to join they . scan across the face of we crewmen , we see the eager anticipation of lick lip and ogling eye . ishmael gawk at the laughing native girl , they voice like sweet music . queequeg nod knowingly to himself , a nostalgic look . sunning in the whaleboat , only fedellah 's crew show no interest . flask turn to stubb , unable to take he eye off the girl . flask Heaven seize I , that 's a purty sight ! a man forget how awful lonesome it get out here . stubb aye . that crack fellow have do well for themselves . starbuck smile at the man . beside he , ahab see and hear nothing but the enderby captain climb up the ship 's side with he escort . starbuck turn to ahab . starbuck permission to lower boat , sir . the boy deserve a short gam . 80 . ahab permission deny . starbuck ( surprised ) but , sir . it 's expect ... ignoring he , ahab face the enderby Captain climb aboard with a one-hand grip . a stout - belly man of relaxed authority , island garland around he neck . ahab welcome aboard the pequod , sir . I be Captain ahab . you be a whaling ship , I see . enderby captain aye , Captain ! thank you . I be Captain dowling . he reach out a right hand to shake he hand , he leave hand behind he back . ahab nod with stubborn gloom , find this man too jolly for he taste . enderby captain ( cont would ) we be a full ship , sir , and homeward bound ! ahab I be a empty ship and outward bound . enderby captain then we will bring ye good luck ! my boy even win themselves a few bride from the fiji isle , as you can see ... impatient with this ceremony , ahab get to the point . ahab hast thou see a white whale ? the enderby Captain grin at ahab , mischievously . enderby captain the white whale , d' you mean ? moby Dick , as some call he ? 81 . ahab twitches , a shocked beat . before he can reply , the enderby Captain swing out he other arm from behind -- a white whale - bone arm with a_ hook . enderby captain ( cont would ) see you this ? ahab study the arm with astonishment , then lift he eye to the englishman 's playful expression , who glance down at ahab 's peg leg . ahab ha ! you have a arm that cannot hold and I have a leg that can not run ! ( eye narrowing ) the white whale ? enderby captain the white whale . all the crew turn to stare at he whalebone limb . ahab he take that arm off , do he ? enderby captain and that leg , too ? understand silence between they . unexpectedly , the enderby Captain laugh uproariously . enderby captain a great , bounce whale , be he ?! Old as Genesis , with a milky white head ?! ahab ( seethe inside ) harpoon stick in all over he hump ?! enderby captain aye ! and in a boil rage ! ahab mine ! my harpoon ! he can barely contain he rage . 82 . ahab ( cont would ) tell I , sir ! tell I what happen ! enderby captain ( gesture at he arm ) oh , a shocking bad wound it be , capt and ahab ! my surgeon do he damndest but he have to cut it off soon as it go black ! thank the star I bring I wife on the voyage ! she 's be a great comfort to I -- ahab what about the white whale ?! his black look kill the englishman 's merriment , who regards he oddly . enderby captain well , to the point , after he stove my boat , we do not see he again for some time . ahab do you cross he wake again , be what I be askin ' ?! enderby captain twice . ahab be you say that ye could not ... fasten ?! enderby captain why would I want to ?! be not one limb enough ? that white monster do not bite -- he swallows ! reacting , ishmael and the other man look on with horror . enderby captain ( cont would ) I have a wife on board and a profitable homecome ! why should I take the risk ? 83 . a beat , ahab pace agitatedly as the man chatter on . enderby captain ( cont would ) no thank you , no more white whale for I ! he 's best leave alone , do not you think ? ahab 's eye enlarge , turn to he with great contempt . ahab he be , but he will be hunt for all that , sir ! what 's best leave alone be not always what least invite ! like a curse magnet be that whale to I , d'ye understand ?! how long since you see he last ? the enderby Captain squint at ahab , then laugh . enderby captain bless my soul , sir ! you blood 's at the boil point ! his laughter be short - live . ahab suddenly spin around to starbuck . ahab mister starbuck , prepare to make way . we have waste enough time ! ( to enderby Captain ) good day , Captain ! ahab stomp toward the helm . after a bewilder pause , the enderby Captain look at starbuck . enderby captain what 's the matter with he ?! have he lose he sense ? starbuck no offense , I be sure , sir ... it 's no doubt the pain in he bleed stump . enderby captain hmphh ! the man 's mad ! 84 . he turn indignantly away to deboard , signal he man . enderby captain ( cont would ) away , boy ! I will not spend another moment on this ship ... starbuck stare after the englishman , not move . all around he , the crew be freeze in stunne amazement . ahab mister starbuck , do ye not hear I ?! prepare to sail ! starbuck stare angrily back at he , roote to the spot . ishmael and the rest gaze anxiously away at the noisy celebration aboard the enderby , deprive of they much - need furlough . the enderby Captain climb to he boat , shouting up : enderby captain do not be a fool , capt and ! do not pursue moby Dick , I warn ye ! beware , sir , he 's a demon ! ( thunderously ) beware the blasphemer' end ! ahab curse throttle ye ... ( shout down ) starbuck ! set sail , I say ! obey I , damn ye ! now ! starbuck turn to the crew , a walk powderkeg . starbuck man the sheet ! jump to it ! the deck become a flurry . sailor scramble about and climb the mast to unfurl sail . many of they glance toward the enderby with open discontent . as everyone work , a tense undertone of mutiny . ext . caribbean sea - day from afar , the two ship part in opposite direction . 85 . the pequod drive hard to southerly wind . a ship alone on the blue- green expanse . ext . pequod ( at sea ) - middeck - day ishmael tighten a halyard at the main mast . stubb fix a brace beside he . ishmael glance at the glisten gold coin hammer to the mast , then look away toward the Captain : ahab be at he usual watch face dead to windward , brood with stormy thought . ishmael I fear the old man 's a little out of he wit . flask pass by , darting a disgruntled glance at ahab . flask blast he eye ... he have no heart ! stubb agh , I have see worse . better to sail with a moody good captain than a merry bad one . pip sit on a capstan with he untouched tambourine , watch the ill mood around he . perth and dough - Boy swab the deck , squabbling ad - lib with each other in low , angry voice . ext . quarterdeck - day starbuck draw near ahab , determine to speak he mind . starbuck Captain ahab , sir -- ahab not now ! leave I be . exasperate , starbuck glare at he and turn away . he look down to witness a scene below : ext . middeck - day 86 . perth dump a swab bucket and splashes dough - Boy . a fight quickly break out ! perth pull a knife -- until stubb grab he wrist and yank it away . ext . quarterdeck - day drawn to the commotion , ahab lean over the bridge rail with starbuck . ahab trouble there , second mate ? stubb nothin ' of concern , sir . ahab turn away . starbuck talk to he back , persistent : starbuck the man be out of sort . we may not see another ship for month , Captain , and it do not bode well that we deprive ‘em of even a little recreation . ahab they be whaler , mister starbuck . this be not a society ball . the steward ring the watch bell , break the tension . ext . middeck - day stubb push the knife back to perth , low-voice . stubb get below , perth ! perth he start it -- stubb quiet ! go swab the foc'sle " till ye learn you manners ! perth strut sullenly away . ext . quarterdeck - day 87 . starbuck stare intently at the Captain 's back . ahab turn and give he a dismiss look . ahab to you duty , starbuck . starbuck aye , aye ... sir . int . forecastle - day fetching a bucket , perth extract a hide flask from under he bunk . he sneak a long , deep swig . starbuck barrel downstairs , in a foul state of mind . starbuck perth ! perth quickly reconceal he cache and grab the bucket . starbuck ( cont would ) get aloft to the lookout ! perth but it be not my watch , sir . starbuck I want ye where I can see ye . perth drop the bucket and amble disgruntledly toward the stair , a little drunk . starbuck ( cont would ) get along , ye shabby rascal , or I will give ye a whale - bonin ' ! perth ye need not speak so harshly -- starbuck shove he up the step . starbuck on you way ! ext . masthead - day 88 . High aloft , perth climb the main mast to the lookout , grumbling to himself all the way . he look down to see starbuck crossing the deck and scowl down at he . perth damned St. jago monkey ... inch above he , a loose hoist block dangle and swing precariously in the breeze . sneer downward , perth spit toward the deck . perth ( cont would ) May God sink the lot of ye ! a squall pick up . perth turn back up -- the block hit he square in the face ! daze , he let go the rope ... ext . middeck - day cross the deck , starbuck stop to hear ... a sudden scream from above ! everyone look up at ... perth 's plummete figure ! he crash down on the deck with full impact -- right in front of starbuck ! deckhand rush to perth , lie in a twisted sprawl . his neck break . starbuck look on in horror . ext . caribbean sea - sunset a blood -re sunset and spectacular , billow cloud frame the pequod ... she sail furle . ext . pequod ( at sea ) - middeck - sunset a sail - swathed corpse rest on a bulwark board . a somber crew gather around the ship 's side , they set face aglow in the sunset . the Captain and the three mate stand by the bulwark around the body . 89 . ahab open a bible to begin read . strangely , he can not bring himself to speak the print word before he . he gruffly hand the bible over to starbuck . frown at he , starbuck read the last rite : starbuck " they go down to the sea in ship , that do business in great water . this see the work of the Lord and he wonder in the deep " ... ext . topmast - sunset perched high aloft , ishmael witness the sea burial below , sun and wind burn he face . ext . middeck - sunset in the spare whaleboat , fedallah and he Arabs pass around a hooker pipe , oblivious to the Christian ceremony . fedallah exhales smoke with languid disregard . starbuck finish the rite in he own word : starbuck Lord of all the seas , we here commend this mariner 's spirit into thy hand ... he nod to stubb and flask , and they tip the bulwark board ... perth 's body drop into the sea with a small splash . and disappear into its watery grave . a long beat , as the man gaze down . ahab so be it , then . we be bear in throes , 'tis only fit that we should live in pain and die in pang ... only to end in a unmark grave . starbuck , a tinderbox of bitter emotion , mutter to he in a low voice : 90 . starbuck to what end might that be , sir ? to a " blasphemer 's end , " as the English captain say ? ahab glare at he with a blacken brow . starbuck shut the bible and gaze back , try nobly to contain himself . starbuck ( cont would ) life hold US , sir . we do not hold it . ahab face he , raise he voice for all to hear . ahab do ye dare to question I ?! starbuck I do not dare , sir , I only think . I blame myself for this good sailor 's death ... ahab a careless sailor ! starbuck perhaps . but the man see it as a ill prophecy . ahab prophecy ?! he wheel about to face the crew . all around , the man edge fearfully back . ahab ( cont would ) prophecy ?! he scan they face ... ignorant , superstitious face . ahab ( cont would ) I will give ye a prophecy , my shipmate . death to moby Dick ! aye ! i'1l be both a prophet and fulfiller then ! he thunk-clops between they , move from face to face 91 . with a quicken pace and rise voice to galvanize they . starbuck watch he gravely . ahab ( cont would ) and the fulfillment of this prophecy be what ye have all agree to share with I ! ( a raise fist ) death to my dismemberer -- to moby Dick ! that 's more than even the great god could do , I tell ye ! his effect on they be hypnotic , he passion burn with redouble fury as he shout : ahab ( cont would ) the god have knock I down , they have mock this captive king -- but I be up again ! now it be they who take to they heel and run ! hiding from I ! Wild -ey , ahab turn to glower defiantly at the cloudy , red sunset . ahab ( cont would ) come ! come out behind you cotton cloud ! come and strike I ! TI have no long gun to reach ye -- only these ! ( raise he hand ) my bony finger ! come then ! see if ye can swerve I ! ahab laugh defiantly and face starbuck with fire in he eye , shaking a fist at he . ahab ( cont would ) swerve I ?! ye can not swerve I ! else ye swerve yourself ... ext . topmast - sunset on he lookout , ishmael watch the drama below . then , unexpectedly , something distract he out to sea : 92. ext . caribbean sea - sunset a immense white whale plunge through distant water , a tall jet of misty air blow out of he spout ! ext . topmast - sunset ishmael gape seaward . he can not believe he eye . he try to shout out but can only gasp , he word a stammer hush . he 's speechless ... ext . middeck - sunset pace around starbuck , ahab raise he fist to the heaven . ahab ( cont would ) swerve I ?! never ! the path to my purpose be laid with iron rail -- on which my very soul be grove to run ! ( to starbuck ) and naught will stop I , mister starbuck !... suddenly ishmael 's voice boom out at the top of he lung : ishmael ( 0.s. ) thar she blow !! she blow to starboard !! ( loud and clear ) the white whale ! ! a stunne beat . ahab charge past starbuck -- bound onto the quarterdeck . the man bolt to the starboard bulwark , hugging the side , peer seaward : ext . caribbean sea - sunset nothing there . only a flat expanse under the sink sun . 93 . ext . quarterdeck - sunset ahab stare furiously outward , willing he to appear . ext . caribbean sea - sunset still nothing . then suddenly , he breach ... moby dick ! the mighty , fear leviathan himself ! mangle iron harpoon protrude out from a pale skin mottle with scar and barnacle . ext . quarterdeck - sunset ahab 's face start to convulse ! ext . middeck - sunset the ship 's crew be speechless , all eye fix on the awesome sight of the white whale . ext . caribbean sea - sunset moby dick dip down he great white head and begin slowly to dive for the deep . the last visible sign of he be he tail . ishmael ( 0.s. ) there go fluke !! the enormous split jib tail rise up , higher and higher -- then slap the water defiantly ! then disappear . ext . quarterdeck - sunset ahab 's hand grip the bulwark , he knuckle white . the scar down the side of he head look swollen and reddene by the sky 's orange glow . his face tighten like a coil , until he finally explode ... a bellowing howl of ungodly rage ! fade out . end part one 94 . 85 part two fade in : act 1 ext . caribbean sea - dusk a boundless seascape , the tiny pequod far in b.g. Beyond , the orange sun disappear below the horizon . in f.g. , a huge white mass surface with jarring suddenness -- moby dick , a hundred foot of scar , barnacle tonnage ! the spout from he forehead blow out a geyser of mist , clouding we view . ext . pequod ( at sea ) - topmast - dusk High on the lookout , ishmael point excitedly . ishmael there she blow again ! hard to port beam ! ext . quarterdeck - dusk ahab , he blaze eye fix on the distant whale , suddenly reel about with a earth -shake roar : ahab clear away the boat !! starbuck in the night , Captain ?! ahab clear away , I say ! starbuck ye want we to give he chase in the night ?! ahab aye ! in the night -- we will give chase by night and see he whiteness better than by daylight ! 86 starbuck hesitates . ahab turn hard to he . ahab ( cont would ) order the man , starbuck ! starbuck aye , aye sir ... ( to the man ) prepare to lower away boat ! ext . middeck - dusk jarred from they astonished stare , the crewmen scramble into action . ishmael rope-slide to the deck like a expert seaman . pip run the length of the ship , shaking he tambourine , yell excitedly . ahab stride toward the main mast and stop in front of the nail gold coin . he bang a fist on it . ahab my harpooner ... strike and the gold will be yours ! tashtego look up from a loggerhead , feed out line . he raise he harpoon like a Apache warrior . tashtego woo-haa -hee ! aye , capt and ! dat moby Dick come near tash a ' he be a dead fish ! dagoo leap into a boat , line wrap around he shoulder and tie to he two harpoon , one in each hand . he lift they high , a flash of tooth . dagoo kee-ha ! kee -ha ! he might see a white man by night -- but not dagoo ! I will kill ' im for ye , capt and , and win that gold ! fedallah snicker at he from the spare boat , shaking he head with a self - confident sneer . queequeg leap onto the bulwark with raise harpoon . queequeg 87 smoke out he pipe I will ! make -em straight that crooked jaw ! ahab toss a lance at queequeg , who take it on the fly with a powerful war cry : queequeg ( cont would ) hala -la pao - loo ! fa - tonga ! in the bustle , pip sneak through the board gate and climb unseen over the side . all the whaler pile en masse into the lowering boat . ext . ship be side - dusk four whaleboat keel hit the water in tandem -- one quick splash - down after another . ahab , full of sudden youthful energy , swing over the side on a halyard and rope-climb down fast toward fedallah 's boat . his hand slip the last few foot -- he fall hard into the boat with a crunch ! he try to stand , but he can not . his peg leg be splinter . the crew turn to ahab 's shout of rage , ringing out in the dusk . a arab rower try to help he . ahab push he away . he pick up piece of he jaggedly break peg leg , toss they into the water . hobble he way to the stern , booming to he rower : ahab start she , man ! start she like thunderclaps ! like a thousand grin devil ! the Arabs row out like demon possess . fedallah take he place at the bow , silent and stealthy . ishmael and starbuck watch ahab from they boat ... unaware of little pip , climb over its stern . he slither under a box plank and hide behind a loggerhead basket . starbuck turn around . starbuck crack on ! pull that oar ! 88 ishmael take a oar , bulkington beside he . ext . caribbean sea - dusk a aerial view over moonlit water : four whaling boat , light by pole lantern . one in the lead , three fan out behind it . to the horizon ... a formidable white shape glide off into a fog bank . ext . stubb be boat - dusk stubb light he pipe , as he man row furiously . stubb go , lad , row like the wind ! he look toward ahab 's boat : streaking far ahead . starbuck 's boat glide by . stubb turn aside . stubb ( cont would ) who would have think it , eh ?! at night , to boot ! if I have only one leg , ye would not catch I in a boat by night ... unless maybe to stop a leak with a whalebone toe ! ext . starbuck's boat - dusk starbuck turn to stubb 's boat , shaking he head . starbuck he 's possess , I tell ye ! God have shipwreck he soul ! the boat plunge into a fog bank , envelop in a moonlit mist . starbuck ( cont would ) look at this ! a fog ! where do it come from ?! a ' look at we -- rowin ' blind in the night , after a whale as white as this fog ! be it a whale we see , or a ghost ?! 89 rowing before he , ishmael look up at the moon : a opaque eye in the thick mist , its glow surreal . ext . flask's boat - dusk flask 's boat pass beside starbuck 's . flask it be moby Dick , all right ! fog , snow or hail , I do not care -- I will fetch that gold doubloon or die tryin ' ! ( to rower ) pull , damn ye ! show some muscle ! dagoo sing a rhythmic african chant , the oarsman echoing he , row to he beat . ahead of they : ahab 's boat materialize out of the dense fog , move steadily forward . ext . ahab be boat - dusk ahab stand stiffly by the tiller , use it as both crutch and guide . he grip a rower 's head of hair to keep he balance , glaring ahead into the white night as if he could see through the fog . a manic energy in he furrow - brow concentration . ahab roar and pull , ye devil ... I can see fifty seas off ! a hundred seas ! it 's moby Dick out there , I tell ye ! chase ! crack you backbone , bite you knife in two ! ( clasp forehead ) dear Lord , I be go to go stark stare mad ... ( exhort on ) Close to , ye hairy - heart ghoul , get I close to he ! the Arabs hum as they row , a odd , syncopate SOUND . fedallah stand motionless at the bow , harpoon ready . 90 ext . starbuck's boat - dusk starbuck stare ahead at ahab with deep chagrin . ishmael row , he sweaty face glisten under the boat lamp . behind the basket next to he , pip crouch in hide . the sea become strangely still . starbuck glance around he . ext . ahab be boat - dusk a deathly quiet , only the slap of oar against the water . Beyond ... distant gurgling sound . ahab tense . ahab hark ! prick ear ... listen ! ext . flask's boat - dusk flask hold the oar ! hold still ! the man raise they oar and look out into the luminous night . dagoo command the bow , take a firm grip of he harpoon . ext . stubb be boat - dusk stubb cup a ear , shifting the pipe in he mouth , tune into every sound around he . his voice hushed : stubb softly , softly ... whoa , babe ! still now ! the rower stop row and lift up they oar . tashtego ready himself at the bow . ext . starbuck's boat - dusk the becalm water around the boat spin in rivulet . starbuck 's voice cut the air like a knife : 91 starbuck stop ! the rower lift they oar and freeze . ahead in the fog : ahab 's boat drift soundlessly . ishmael listen , unsettle by the stillness around he . he turn nervously to starbuck . ishmael what d'ye make of it , sir -- starbuck hist ! eye sharp ... everyone watch and listen . a long , tense beat ... ext . caribbean sea - dusk the fog begin to lift ... a full view of all four boat . whaler listen to the eerie quiet . a calm , empty sea . then , gurgling all around ... a school of sperm whale breach -- a full circle around the boat ! with a great sigh , dozen of spout release jet of watery air ! ext . starbuck's boat - dusk starbuck spin he head around -- whale everywhere ! ishmael stare amaze , slack - jaw . queequeg bolt to the bow with he harpoon . ext . ahab be boat - dusk ahab spin around , lose he balance and fall . he rise quickly , glaring beyond the black shape all around he ... then point outside the gentle fleet of whale , he finger like a fix bayonet . ahab there ! there ! ext . caribbean sea - dusk 92 moby dick breach with a tremendous jump -- three time the size of the other whale ! then swim steadily away . ext . ahab be boat - dusk ahab crash he way toward the bow ... ahab row , you monkey -- row ! he seize fedallah 's harpoon and rush forward ... ahab ( cont would ) move aside ... he stumble and fall , keep go frantically ... ahab ( cont would ) ... let I give it to he ! ext . starbuck's boat - dusk a sperm whale suddenly breach half under the boat with a hard bump , lift it up ! the boat slide off its back , landing upright in the water next to it . wasting no time , queequeg thrust he harpoon with great power -- whish ! deep into the whale 's hump ! a giant 's grunt , follow by a thrashing tail , slapping the water beside they ! instant chaos ... starbuck stern all , stern all ! Quick ! the oarsman immediately row away from the agonizing whale and its deadly fluke . starbuck ( cont would ) give he another , queequeg ! queequeg aim , throw another harpoon into the mountain of thrashing blubber -- another deadly hit ! the whale 's spout gush spasmodically . the air fill with bloody mist , spraying the whaler red as they row frantically away from the sea beast 's death throes . 93 the whale start to dive . Harpoon line spin out of the loggerhead basket -- roll of line uncoil rapidly , the basket shaking violently ! unnotice by the other , frighten pip scramble out from beneath the box plank and stumble into the basket -- he little leg tangle in spin line ! queequeg let loose a war cry at the fast-recede whale . ishmael jump to he foot , strain to get a look ... a quick , tiny scream startles he from behind ! pip suddenly squirt out past he , drag by a line and yank overboard -- into the churn water ! ishmael man overboard , mister starbuck ! man overboard ! he quickly throw a lifebuoy to the boy . starbuck see what 's happen , but he 's too distract . ishmael ( cont would ) for God 's sake ... it 's pip , sir ! he 's out there ! the boat suddenly lurch forward -- drag at great speed by the wounded , diving whale . the run line around a stanchion start to smoke . starbuck wet the line ! wet the line ! queequeg dump a bucket of water over the smoking rope . the boat vibrate with the power of the drag . gripping the tiller , starbuck quickly scan around he . ext . caribbean sea - dusk the circle of panic whale tighten around the three boat , ahab 's move beyond it . starbuck 's boat be pull deeper into the fray . ext . starbuck's boat - dusk 94 queequeg snatch up a lance and point urgently at the taut line . queequeg I cut -em , sir ?! cut dem line ' fore we be splinter up by dem whale ?! starbuck no ! not yet ... look ! he point forward . ext . caribbean sea - dusk a open between the circle whale , out toward the calm , moonlit sea . the boat fly through the gap . ext . starbuck's boat - dusk ishmael turn and look far astern : ext . caribbean sea - dusk pip cling to the float lifebuoy , floundering in the eruption of white water all around he . the boy scream inaudibly , wave a frantic arm for help . ext . starbuck's boat - dusk ishmael turn to starbuck in a panic . ishmael Sir ! what about pip -- beside he , bulkington grip he arm . bulkington sit down , boy . nothin ' we can do . ext . ahab be boat - dusk ahab hang over the prow , harpoon hold before he with fix intensity . Dead ahead : 95 ext . caribbean sea - dusk outward bound , the white whale swim steadily and obliviously ... still too far to strike . ext . ahab be boat - dusk ahab row ! row ! row !! he glare back at the other boat , but they be too far away to offer any support . he look forward : ext . caribbean sea - dusk moby dick 's giant fluke rise up in the moonlit air , then drop quickly into the calm water ... disappear into the deep blue . he 's go . ahab growls with monumental frustration . ext . starbuck's boat - dusk the line go slack , and the boat suddenly slow . ishmael jump up , unable to suppress himself . ishmael mister starbuck , sir ! we can not just act as if nothing have happen ! we have got to go back for he ! starbuck sit down ! sit , I tell you , before ye wind up in the water too ! ishmael but he will drow if we do not go back ! starbuck push ishmael back onto the rower ' bench . starbuck take back that oar , sailor ! we have get other business to attend to . we can not just drop everything and set off 96 on a salvage mission ! sit ! he turn he attention back to the becalm water . ishmael glance helplessly at bulkington . queequeg haul in the line as fast as he can . the strike whale surface ... miss the boat by a few foot . it spin slowly in the water , its massive jaw open and close with dwindling energy . queequeg and two oarsman pull together on the slack line until they be taut with the harpoon imbed in the whale . they tow the boat toward the die creature . as they pull up alongside it , ahab 's boat appear . ext . ahab be boat - dusk ahab guide he craft behind starbuck 's boat . he scan the whale with a grave look . subdued now , but storming inside . in a quiet voice : ahab do ye not see he , mister starbuck ? starbuck I do , sir . ahab turn a fierce expression on he , but he voice remain low . ahab and why do ye strike this whale , if ye could see moby Dick ? ext . starbuck's boat - dusk starbuck be silent for a beat . starbuck I be a whaler , sir . ext . ahab be boat - dusk Long , silent eye contact . ahab abruptly turn away 97 and wave at he arab oarsman . his boat pull away from starbuck 's . ahab call back over he shoulder : ahab get that blubber on deck tonight , starbuck , before daylight . we will be pushin ' on in the morning . ext . starbuck's boat - dusk starbuck glance at ishmael . he quickly shout to ahab 's retreate boat . starbuck what about the boy , sir ?! ext . ahab be boat - dusk ahab signal he oarsman , and the boat slow . in b.g. , stubb 's and flask 's boat row in close to join they , the whaler assess the new kill . ahab turn , he face in shadow like a phantom in the still gloom . ahab what boy ? ext . starbuck's boat - dusk starbuck pip , sir . he 's lose at sea . stubb 's boat steer side by side with starbuck 's . stubb aye , I see he myself ! mile of sea between he and we by now . we can not afford to lose this fine kill on account of that minstrel 's foolishness . ahab pip , ye say ? the tambourine boy ? and how do he come to be in you boat , mister starbuck ? 98 starbuck stow away , sir , where he be not suppose to be . he 's just a shipkeeper , Captain , a tender - heart jolly boy ... and I fear we have lose ‘im . ishmael wait expectantly , full of worry . queequeg too look concerned and step forward . queequeg I go find pip ! pip be dead , that be bad magic ! across the water , ahab deliberate for a beat . he grunt to he Arabs , and they continue to row . his boat drift away , as he call back : ahab ye have ' till dawn to find that ungracious little brat , or whatever the shark have leave of he , so make haste . ( to he oarsman ) give way now , greyhound ! Dog to it ! ishmael breathes a sigh of relief . so do starbuck , as he turn to bulkington . starbuck organize a search party , mister bulkington . and take queequeg and ishmael . bulkington aye , sir . in b.g. , flask lean over from he boat and grin at queequeg , gesture at the dead whale . flask seem a shame to leave behind such a noble prize . queequeg grunt scoffingly and turn away to the bow , more interested in the rescue than the whale . ext . stubb be boat - dusk 99 starbuck jump across from he boat into stubb 's . starbuck let 's bring this fish in , mister stubb . stubb glance at starbuck 's boat , bulkington now in command . stubb shake he head . stubb ye get a hundred barrel of sperm oil here -- why would ye be wastin ' yer men' time lookin ' for a cabin boy ? starbuck it 's the rightful thing to do . a child 's life be worth more than a whale 's hide . stubb aye , can not argue with that . ext . bulkington be boat - dusk waving the man to they oar , bulkington gaze out into the darkness . bulkington let 's to it , boy ! the oarsman row . ishmael wield he oar vigorously , redoubling he effort . receding away in stubb 's boat , starbuck shout back : starbuck i'1l bust open a hogshead of brandy to the man who find the boy ! will ye spit fire , man ?! aye , aye all around . they row away from the other boat , queequeg perch at the bow , scan the sea like a hawk . fade out . 100 act 2 ext . pequod ( at sea ) - aft deck - night a polished harpoon , sharpen on a spin grindstone , spark fly . the spark fill we view , behind they ahab 's hard - set feature . wait intensely . the blacksmith raise the harpoon , present its two - flue razor head before the Captain . ahab nod with approval . glimpse in b.g , a gigantic , severe whale 's head be hoist and swing suspend over the deck by pulley chain strain from yard arm . the deck tilt to one side under its heavy weight . tri-works furnace burn and boil pot smoke , add a nightmarish atmosphere to the scene . ext . caribbean sea - night deep in the heart of moonlit darkness drift a lone , lamp - light whale boat . ext . bulkington be boat - night glimmer lantern hold high , bulkington , ishmael and the man search the calm sea . queequeg peer intently across the black , ominous water . not a sign of life . the man call out sporadically : crewmen pip ! pip ! where be ye , boy ?! int . starbuck's cabin - night starbuck doze over a open bible on he bunk , a flicker candle beside he . the room tilt , timber groaning and creaking . the candle burn down ...a time - lapse effect , as hour pass in second ... to a melt , dead stump by the light of dawn . ext . caribbean sea - dawn Dawn 's early light creep over a endless horizon . 101 pip cling helplessly to the lifebuoy , alone in the vast emptiness . he sing a little ditty ina tremble voice . his head jerk around with a moan of despair ... a shark 's fin streak through the water with lethal swiftness , circle around he . pip bob frantically , gasp with terror , wide eye fix on the approach predator . the shark fin disappear under . instinctively , pip dive ... ext . underwater - dawn holding he breath , pip see the shark close in with smaller circle , fix on he with cold , unblink black eye . pip wave he arm and leg furiously in a vain effort to scare off the death mask before he . the circle shark move in for the kill , its jaw widen ... pip manage to land a fist directly onto the shark 's nose ! it flip its tail , dart away ... then streak in again , relentlessly closer ... a massive white wall suddenly fill the deep -- pass within inch of pip ! the shark flee . pip surface ... ext . caribbean sea - dawn pip suck in air , clutching the lifebuoy . his wide eye on the titantic white whale , plunging away , leave swell in he wake . moby dick be go as quickly as he appear . a empty sea again , the wave too high for pip to see far . then ... another , bigger shark 's fin approach . again circle he , again submerging ... pip take deep gulp of air , then dive again . ext . underwater - dawn pip gape . a great white shark , three time larger . it circle once , then zero in . resigned to death , pip shut he eye and exhales bubbles of air ... sink . the big shark draw closer , closer ... a sharp whisshhh -- a harpoon spear through the shark 's body ! thrash in a cloud of blood , the 102 great white vanish from sight . eye close , lose consciousness , pip sink down ... a tattooe arm dip down from above -- a hand seize pip by the hair and haul he up toward the light . int . captain be cabin - morning ahab stand by the cabin window , stare morosely at the rise sun . the carpenter kneel at he foot , work to fit a new whale - bone peg leg , have a difficult time set it in its place . carpenter if the capt and please ... let I measure it now , sir . ahab glare down at he poorly fitte stump , he irritation more of a good-humored bark than bite . ahab be you a manmaker , carpenter , that you would measure I like a suit ?! well , carry on ... it 's not the first time . the carpenter secure the peg leg with a tightening tool . ahab ( cont ' ) accurse fate , that my soul would have such a craven mate for a body . carpenter how do that feel , sir ? ahab I canst say . I only feel what be not there . carpenter aye . a dismast man never lose the feel of he lose spar . 103 ahab ah , that 's better . ..good ! he bend down and grasp the bone stump with both hand , then grab the carpenter 's tool to tighten it harder . carpenter oh sir , careful , sir ! it will break bone , that will ... ahab ( laugh bitterly ) no fear ! I like a good grip ! I like to feel something in this slippery world that I can hold onto ! ahab straighten up and gaze inwardly . ahab ( cont would ) you ever hear of a old Greek name prometheus ? carpenter no , sir ... can not say I ever ship with the man , sir . ahab prometheus be he who make man . make ‘em whole with tool , like this ... ( indicate tool ) then he animated they from FIRE ! ' twas he who should have make I ... what 's make in fire must properly belong to fire . the carpenter finish and look up , clearly mystify by he . ahab look inspire , spilling out the word : ahab ( cont would ) then I would have be complete ! fifty foot high in my sock ! my leg would have root , my arm three foot to the wrist ! no heart at all ... eye ? no ! a skylight atop my head to light up a acre of brain . proud as a Greek god ... aye ! a Greek god ... 104 ( look down ) and not stand on a break stick of dead bone . he gaze wretchedly at he stump , back to reality . ahab ( cont would ) aye ... my tear soul and gash body ... they bleed into each other . ( to himself ) aye . the truth shake I falsely . in b.g. by the cabin doorway , a turbane figure linger in the shadow . fedallah . the carpenter rise stiffly , bent with arthritis . ahab ( cont would ) I thank ye , carpenter . now , go back to you fixin' ... leave ahab to the god . carpenter aye , aye , sir . he shuffles out . ahab sit deep in he brooding , then recognize the shadowy presence . a gruff , impatient tone : ahab what d'ye want ? fedallah ease into the lamp light , a inscrutable smile of break tooth . his English be thickly accented , he voice gnarled and sibilant : fedallah the dream come to I again ... of my master 's death . ahab do not move or react . ahab my death ? then I pray ye go before I . fedallah shrug , as if the think be supremely indifferent to he . 105 fedallah I shall . as you pilot . ahab well then , I pilot , I pledge to ye that I will slay moby Dick -- and survive it ! fedallah 's voice lower , full of dark meaning : fedallah only rope can destroy ahab . ahab ( laugh ) the gallow , then ? ha ! well then ... I be immortal ! fedallah slink back into the shadow , say no more . ahab glare scornfully after he ... yet unnerve by he . ext . middeck - morning the suspend whale 's head , stripped of blubber , be hoist overboard from the lower mast crane . almost a skeleton , it 's a ghastly sight . starbuck oversee crewmen gather around the port side , work the chain and pulley and about to drop it into the sea . a shout from the lookout : dagoo ( 0.s. ) whaleboat to starboard helm ! they get pip ! starbuck and the man rush in unison to the starboard side . wild cheer ring out , as bulkington 's boat row in fast . ext . quarterdeck - morning ahab emerge from he cabin and look down to see the rescue party climb aboard . surprise by the sight of pip , he harsh face soften , almost a smile . ext . middeck - morning 106 queequeg board with little pip in he arm , the boy daze but alive . bulkington take he and hand he to flask , who give he to stubb . the man pass the boy between they like a bucket brigade ...to starbuck , who sit pip atop a oil barrel . starbuck we miss ye , lad ! bring ' im he music ! pip stare vacantly , disorient . stubb turn to bulkington with a laugh . stubb well , this be a fine day ! we would give he up for lose ! bulkington thank ishmael and queequeg . they spot he . stubb turn to pound ishmael 's back with a mighty whack . stubb by jimminy ! you be a credit to we all ! ishmael smile proudly , as man give he and queequeg hearty pat . the two trade grin of brotherly kinship . they step over to pip . everyone gather round the boy , as tashtego push the tambourine into pip 's hand . tashtego g'won , pip ! do we a tune ! pip focus glassy eye on the tambourine , as if he do not recognize it . then ...he throw it violently to the deck . stun , silent look all around . queequeg pick it up with a disturb frown . ishmael reach out to pip . ishmael pip ... what be it , boy ? pip scan the men' face , as if they be stranger . ishmael lay a gentle hand on he -- pip thrashes 107 out , delirious , pummel he with he small fist . then he leap off the barrel and dash away . the man watch , horrify . pip scurries aimlessly around the deck in a wild panic , slip and fall . around he , the plank be slick with whale blood and bone . pip stare at the blood on he hand , then gape up toward : the giant , skeletal whale head , hang over the side above he . pip give a ear-shatter shriek ! bewildere , the man do not know what to do . queequeg rush over and quickly release a pulley chain ... the whale head plummet into the sea , a huge splash ! pip stagger up and run to a whaleboat , flail he arm as he do underwater with the shark . he climb into it , as if out of the sea . crouches inside of it , huddle and babbling to himself . completely insane . the crew stare at he with befuddle look , they morale shattered . queequeg turn grimly to ishmael . queequeg dis bad magic . bad magic . ext . quarterdeck - day witness the scene below , ahab too be affect . but he mind turn elsewhere , as he shout down : ahab prepare to set sail , starbuck ! we have waste enough time ! starbuck right away , sir . up sail , mate , let 's catch a breeze ! Men disperse to they duty , too demoralize to jump to it , slowly climb the mast . ahab boom at they : ahab make speed , ye lacky ! do ye not know he 's out there ?! Thunder away at it ! we will not be whaler again -- ' till it 's 108 moby dick be head hangin ' from this yard arm ! drive by he voice , the crew pick up the pace . ext . south atlantic ocean - day clear sky to the horizon . the full - sail pequod speed across deeper , bluer water . her bow dip and plow through powerful swell . ext . pequod ( at sea ) - mast - day all sail billow out like canvas balloon , mast sway in a strong breeze . a breathtaking view . ext . quarterdeck - day by the helm , starbuck squint toward the horizon and check he compass . he turn to the wheelman . starbuck two point east southeast . steady before the breeze . ext . middeck - day starbuck step down to middeck before a curious sight at the bottom of the main mast : ahab stand on the flat seat of a custom - make cradle suspend a few foot off the deck . stubb and flask rig pulley line beside he . starbuck approach ahab . starbuck if the wind hold up , sir , we should be around the cape in two day hence . ahab aye , but no later than that . ( indicate cradle ) now I too will stand lookout . be it ready , mister stubb ? stubb secure as a mother 's arm , sir . 109 ahab starbuck , take the rope and raise you captain . I will commend my life into thy hand . look between they , as if this be a test of loyalty . starbuck step forward , take the pulley line , then haul ahab 's cradle up the mast with strong hand . ahab ( cont would ) I will have first sight of the white whale . aye , myself ! as he ascend , he slam a fist against the gold coin . ahab ( cont would ) and win back my doubloon ! the cradle rise to the maintop , swinging in the breeze . ahab stand like a iron statue , keep perfect balance , fiery eye fix to the horizon . all the crew watch he upward progress . fedallah smile to himself with feline cun . watch from they station , ishmael and queequeg turn toward pip : still in the whaleboat , pip mutter incomprehensibly to himself in some strange , mindless language . never again will he smile or dance . ext . south atlantic ocean - day the pequod plunge up and down through roll swell , wave crash against she bow . ext . pequod ( at sea ) - maintop - day ahab 's high cradle swing like a pendulum . he keep a determine watch , rigid on he peg leg . ext . middeck - day the crew swab the deck clean . none of they notice pip , who scramble out of the whaleboat and make a beeline for the main mast . he stare dourly at the shiny gold coin nail to the wood . a whispery singsong voice : pip 110 we , ye , they ... be all bat ! ishmael and the other turn , watch perplexedly . pip point to the Captain 's cabin . pip ( cont would ) there ! in there ! two bone stick in trousers ... and one be not he , but a whale 's ! stubb step over to observe he , chuckle nervously . stubb I fear we should have leave pip to he fate , poor boy ! pip recoil from stubb and dart up the mast rope like a little monkey . ext . MAIN mast - day he perches halfway on the ladder , gibbering away in mad terror . Higher above he , ahab nod off from weariness . ext . middeck - day stubb shake he head up at he . he turn to peer closely at the doubloon . starbuck , flask and ishmael join he . stubb sixteen dollar . hah ! I have see doubloon before , nothin ' but round thing make of gold . not much wonder in them . but whoever kill that white demon , this round thing belong to he ! flask it 's ship 's bounty to I , stubb -- it will win I nine hundred and sixty cigar ! in b.g. , fedallah chortle mischievously at they with a toothy grin and shake he head . 111 starbuck it 's the ship 's navel , I tell ye . and everyone 's on fire to unscrew it . but unscrew a navel and see what happen . stubb and flask look at he , uncomprehend . ishmael nod understandingly . ishmael aye . to I it speak wisely ... but sadly . it 's all in one 's perception . starbuck perception ? how d'ye mean ? ishmael different way of lookin ' , sir . I use to teach my school child about . .. what man see and what God see . but man see only one thing , what he want to see . ext . maintop - day exhausted , ahab doze as he stand on he lookout cradle . above he on the top lookout , tashtego scan the horizon and suddenly cry out : tashtego there she blow , cap and !! it 's white ! the white whale ! startle , ahab pop he eye open and peer out . ext . south atlantic ocean - day Far to the horizon , a distant spout amidst roll whitecap . a whale , but too far away to distinguish . ext . maintop - day ahab 's face twist into a glower of such hatred that he 's momentarily incapable of speak . then ... ahab lower I away ! Quick , there ! 112 ext . middeck - day deckhand rush to man the pulley rope , while other hasten to the bulwark to sight the whale . starbuck and ishmael gaze up at ahab , tiring of all this madness . ishmael ' tis like the old man and he whale . he see but a monster of destruction ... ( turn to starbuck ) perhaps in God 's eye , moby Dick be just another of his creature , doin ' what 's natural ... absorb this , starbuck look between lowering ahab and the mast coin beside he . its brilliant gold reflection catch he eye ... blind he . ishmael ( cont would ) just that . just a whale . starbuck shield he eye and turn away . starbuck damnable coin ! it 's put here to blind we all ! ahab land on the deck before they . he quickly thunk -clop to the bulwark with feverish energy . ahab steward ! my eyeglass ! starbuck lean calmly over the side amidst excited sailor , gaze out with a eagle 's eye . starbuck it 's not white , Captain , it 's grey . probably a humpback . ahab snatch he eyeglass from the steward and peer out . he can not see well enough and angrily toss it . ahab it 's moby Dick , I tell ye ! ( shout up ) unfurl the topgallant -- we 113 need more sail ! starbuck catch sight of something else and point seaward . starbuck lo , sir ! sperm whale , to the starboard beam ! ext . south atlantic ocean - day a small pod of spout sperm head , a half - mile across the water . a healthy harvest . ext . middeck - day ahab keep he eye glue to the bow , refuse to even glance starboard . starbuck turn to he . starbuck shall we lower away , sir ? ahab up all sail , mister starbuck ! drive on ! starbuck there 's barrel of gold out there , sir -- worth far more than a Spanish coin ! ahab that be my order ! starbuck but sir !-- ahab sail on , I say ! a tense beat , starbuck rebellious . but he do nothing . he turn to see fedallah smile slyly at he , pick he tooth with he long fingernail . starbuck shout to the wheel . starbuck steady on course , helmsman ! sail onward ... ( to himself ) 114 nowhere . ext . topmast - day High on the tallest mast , hand unfurl the topgallant sail . one after another , until every sheet be taut with wind . ext . south atlantic ocean - day all sail full , the pequod drive hard to leeward in pursuit of the elusive spout ... a speck on the sea . ext . middeck - day stubb and bulkington lean over the side , harsh spray in they face , watch seaward : ext . south atlantic ocean - day the distant , unrecognizable whale dive out of sight . ext . middeck - day ahab roar , frustrated again . he pace across the ship at that half - stomping gait , stewing away . stubb turn out of the wind and light he pipe . stubb well , that 's that . he will not breach for a hour , and mile from here . he 's a cun one , that moby Dick . bulkington if it be moby Dick ... he look off toward pace ahab , with deep knowledge : bulkington ( cont would ) but he will make we chase he across the Antarctic , if we let 'im . and when we be good and exhaust , when it 's time to turn back , ahab '1ll say " drive on ! " ( turn to stubb ) he 's see moby Dick ... he 's 115 look again into that cold eye . he will not let up now . ahab stop at the port side to look out , desperate for a sign . fedallah edge close beside he . he hiss aside to he in deep privacy , nodd toward sea . fedallah he be out there , my master . very near now ... very near ! ext . southern ocean - day the pequod speed southward through colder water , she sail strain against the wind . on the horizon , drift ice floe speckle the grey sea . ext . middeck - day the tri-work furnace burn , billow black smoke . the cook pull out a baked loaf of bread on the blade end of a harpoon . the blacksmith dump in a bucket of whale oil to fuel the tri-work ' blaze . bundle in winter coat and scarve , stubb , flask and other huddle close to the warmth of its open hearth . ishmael pace nearby to ward off the cold . starbuck step over to watch the blacksmith dip he bucket into a open oil cask . starbuck Burning the cargo , be we now ? wasting we profit ? flask what good be we damned profit if we freeze to death ?! starbuck nod resignedly and kneel down to warm himself beside bulkington and pip . the man glance sullenly toward they lone captain on the bow . ext . bow deck - day ahab stand fix on the bow in he thin black coat , inure to the subzero chill , eye rivete to the horizon as if try to will the whale to appear . ext . middeck - day 116 ishmael pace beside the bulwark and gaze down at the water : ext . ship be side - day small chunks of ice float past in the current . ext . southern ocean - day a antarctic desolation of sea and ice . the pequod 's course be slowed by massive berg and break floe the size of island . Beyond lie endless field of ice . ext . middeck - day halyard rope be freeze , riddled with icicle . crewmen move stiffly about , slip on the sleet - cover deck . ishmael and queequeg gape out in wonder at the high peak of pass berg . ext . bow deck - day ahab stare wearily forward , he face frostbitten , he energy sap by the cold . starbuck approach he , hugging he coat , chill to the bone . weary irony in he voice : starbuck Captain . might I be so bold to suggest that we turn north now . back on course , sir , toward the cape . ahab offer no reply , eye fix forward . starbuck there be no whale in this water , sir . ahab he 's there , mister starbuck . he dare I to follow . he peer over the mass of ice with force confidence . ahab I have sail over Greenland water worst than this . we can force through this ice . 117 starbuck aye , but not this time of year . the ice be too thick for such a gamble -- it can break this ship up into matchwood ! ahab we will drive on . starbuck but moby Dick 's tracking be due east , sir -- you tell I yourself ! around the cape ! ahab 's will almost weaken , but he will not give in . ahab he 's taunting we , man , do not ye see that ? he 's taunting we ! ext . ship be side - day huge ice chunks collide against the bow hull . ext . bow deck - day starbuck and stubb stare over the side with worrisome frown . starbuck pack ice . stubb aye , a bad sign . should not we turn about ? starbuck ( a bitter smirk ) Captain 's order . ext . quarterdeck - day at the helm , shiver dough - Boy steer through the obstacle course of iceberg . he glance anxiously at he captain at the railing . ahab gaze across the expanse , a lifeless figure , he eye fix on the freeze wasteland . ext . bow deck - day 118 starbuck and stubb stare grimly forward : dead ahead , the passage between ice floe narrow into a twisty water lane through solid sheet of whiteness . ext . ship be side - day a ice floe 's edge scrape dangerously against the hull . int . forecastle - day Hull timber creak under a terrible pressure . frozen face listen to the scraping sound outside , ishmael and queequeg crouch together in thick blanket . ishmael that old man 's go to kill we all ! queequeg he de devil . the carpenter and the cook look over from they bunk . carpenter I would not judge ' im too harshly . how would ye feel if you have a stick of whalebone for a bedfellow ? the cook glance over the old , bent man with a scoff . cook would not do you much good , now would it ? the carpenter glare back at he . ext . southern ocean - day a forward view of the pequod : the sharp point of two giant ice floe close in rapidly , block she path ! Men run to the bow bulwark in alarm . a rear view of she stern : massive chunks of pack ice drift in behind , the ship now trap from both side ! int . forecastle - day the cabin shake from a terrible crunch of ice ! ishmael 119 cower in fear . everyone bolt up and dash deckside . ext . quarterdeck - day dismay by the impact , ahab shout to he helmsman . ahab hard to port ! dough - Boy spin the wheel hard . the deck shudder violently -- the sound of gnashing , grinding ice ! ext . southern ocean - day the pequod slow to a agonizing halt -- wedge into the join point of the ice floe ! Ice edge grip she bow hull like a slowly close vise . ext . bow deck - day starbuck and stubb rush to the side and look down . ahab thunk -clop furiously forward and stare out in despair , crewmen behind he . ahab crack my heart , I have lose he ! starbuck lose he ?! dammit , we be lose we ship ! he leap down to middeck , shouting order . starbuck ( cont would ) Quick , man , lower the sheet ! dump the anchor ! carpenter , fetch timber ! you harpooner , come below deck ! int . ship' corridor - day starbuck and other clamor downstairs . wall around they groan from the weight of wedge ice . ext . bow deck - day ahab stand fast at the freeze bow , oblivious to the commotion , stare at the white vastness around he . ahab 120 oh my insufferable foe ... thy whiteness blind I ! my feud be undone ... he shut he eye from the white expanse . int . bow hold - day a bulkhead groans and creak from the crush pressure outside . starbuck , bulkington and the harpooner lift a heavy mast timber to shore up the bow wall , its length span the full width of the hold . the old carpenter carry in another huge timber on he back , crouch over like Christ bear the cross . ext . southern ocean - day the pequod sit silent and immobile between the floe , maroon in a prairie of ice . just beyond the wedge lie a gap of open sea . so close , so unreachable . int . captain be cabin - day ahab move to a open window and gaze out defeatedly at the freeze expanse outside , a icy breeze in he face . tear well up in he eye . then , a angry outcry ... ahab why must I endure this torment ?! if I have but one moment , flank to flank with that demon whale , I would face a thousand - fold peril ! ( clenches a fist ) damn yer white hide , where be ye ?! show yourself ! show I a sign ! he listen to the antarctic silence . no sound but the whistling wind against he face . he turn and slump down in a chair before he table of cluttere Maps , stare futilely at they . ahab so be it ... he sweep they off the table in a fury . then realize with a sudden inward horror : 121 ahab ( cont would ) Plague my soul ... I am jonah now ! the god-fugitive ! he bury he face in he hand . sob uncontrollably . the cabin door creep open ... the shadowy figure of fedallah tower before he . in b.g. , a commotion of man run through the corridor . ahab look up , as fedallah take a musket hang from a wall and slowly approach with a inscrutable smile . ahab harden , note the weapon with irony . ahab what prophecy be this , then ? a mutiny or a speedy death ? fedallah 's silent smile broaden to a grin . ahab that bad , aye ? what savagery have I wringht ... so consume with the hot fire of my purpose that I have murder my own man ! fedallah draw very close and remove a pouch hang from the musket . he open ahab 's palm and trickle a handful of black powder into it . gunpowder . fedallah all be not lose , my master . ahab puzzle over the powder in he hand . then , a know smile spread across he face . int . bow hold - day starbuck , bulkington and the harpooner brace the end of a timber under they shoulder , push and grunt with herculean strength , leak water stream over they . starbuck push , damn ye ! harder !! a new leak gush into dagoo 's face . he let go in panic . dagoo ai not no good ! we all gonna 122 drow !! TI be not go ' die ... he turn to escape the hold -- bulkington seize he and wield a huge bowie knife against he throat . bulkington get back here , ye black bastard ! dagoo struggle against he , grapple he knife hand . dagoo leggo o' I , white dog ! lock together , might against might ... the bowie knife poise between they . the stronger of the two , dagoo slowly turn the blade toward bulkington 's throat . a shot ring out -- a bullet splinter the bulkhead , inch from they face ! the two freeze . ahab loom from the corridor behind they , the smoking musket in hand . ahab be it a fight ye want , lad ?! then the fight be out there ! int . cargo hold a key turn in a door lock -- the door swing open to reveal barrel of gunpowder . hand quickly grab they . ext . southern ocean - ice floe - day a burn fuse inch toward powder barrel dig into the fissure between the ice floe ... kabloom ! a quick fireball ! Ice chunks rain down ! the smoke clear to reveal a narrow gap ... just wide enough for the pequod to pass through . ext . bow deck the crew bellows out a Mass cheer ! ahab storm through they midst , address all with tornado brow . ahab moby dick , my hearties ! have ye too soon forget ?! then 123 let I raise the ante ... he turn and gesture to the gold coin on the mast . ahab upon the day that white whale be kill , thirty time this sum shall be divide among ye ! a piece o' gold for each and every one of ye ! now what d'ye say to that ?! starbuck and the crew stare at he , dumbfounded . ahab I do not order ye ! ye shall will it so ! if moby Dick will not come to we -- then we will come to he ! death to moby Dick ! the crew echoe he passionately , shouting as one : crewmen moby dick !! ext . ice floe - day crewmen be fan out on each side of the narrow waterway -- towing the ship by rope fastened to she bow . they pull on line attach to canvas belt around they waist , struggle on foot across the white ice with all they strength and they heart , singing in rhythm to every strain tug . crewmen Ho ! the fair wind ! Ho -he -ho ! cheerily , man ! everyone pull with dogge passion . slave to they captain 's will . in b.g. , the tall - masted pequod inch ponderously along . ext . bow deck - day ahab watch the approach of the widen gap onto the open sea , starbuck behind he . ahab tower tall in the freeze gloom , proud as lucifer , victorious . he gaze yonder . 124 ahab the masterless , untamed sea , mister starbuck . behold its tranquil skin ... but beneath it pants a tiger heart . this velvet paw but conceal a remorseless fang . but we will not yield to it , shall we ? starbuck gaze hard at ahab 's back . starbuck no , Captain . I shall not yield to it . int . captain be cabin - day desert , quiet . the door creep open . pip venture in , humming some mad melody . wandering through ahab 's forbidden domain , he come upon a large carve box and open it : scrimshaw chess piece , a ivory chess board . pip run he hand over exquisitely carve whale piece . he spill the content onto the floor . kneel down , he carefully select the black king and place it on the board . look around the cabin , search for something . he jump up and snatch up a whale - tooth paperweight . pip plop back on the floor and place the tooth on the board ... the white whale ... directly in front of the black king . he lean back and seriously study the board , humming away . then jump up and browse around ... two spare whale - bone peg leg protrude from a open sea chest . pip touch they with a strange reverence . a arctic breeze waft in from the window and knock ahab 's top hat off a clothes rack full of black coat . the hat roll along the floor ... stop before pip. ext . ice floe - day the pequod pass through onto open water . Men on the floe drop they rope and give she a rousing cheer ! ext . bow deck - day 125 ahab nod triumphantly at they , aside to starbuck : ahab we may master this ocean yet ! ext . southern ocean - day the freed pequod hug the wind , forging at full knot . ext . quarterdeck - day sailor tumble aloft to man the sail . starbuck take over the helm . stubb man the rigging with ishmael and queequeg . ahab hurry toward he cabin , shouting order all around . ahab look to the binnacle ! Square the yard up there ! he stop dead in he track , stare forward . the other stare in he direction , they eye widen . frame in the cabin doorway be a tall figure ina black coat and top hat , stand on two white peg leg . it 's pip -- dress in ahab 's clothes , weaving with precarious balance on whale - bone stilt ! ahab stare at pip 's disguise . clearly amused . ahab by God , it 's my reflection ... in everything but the eye ! who be ye , mister ? pip Bell -boy , sir ! ship 's crier ! ding do ding ! pip! Sir ! stubb step forward to reach out and grab the boy . stubb quiet , ye crazy loon ! away from the Captain 's quarter -- ahab ( stop he ) shhh ! hand off his holiness ! 126 the great idiot ever scold the lesser ! he take pip in hand . truly smile for the first time . ahab ( cont would ) oh , freeze heaven , look down upon this luckless child ! here , come with I , pip ... he usher he back into he cabin , pip wobble along . ahab ( cont would ) my cabin shall be you home from now on -- for as long as ahab life . you be tie to I with cord of heartstrings , my lad , you have touch my center ! come along , pip ... he usher he gently inside . starbuck trade confuse look with stubb -- who burst out laugh . stubb blood and thunder ! well , there go two crazy one now ! one crazy with strength , the other crazy with weakness ! a " great idiot , " be I , eh? than pip ?! ha ! ishmael and queequeg exchange bewilder look . fade out . act 4 ext . cape hope seas - day the pequod plunge through heavier seas . a gusty , sunlit day , but the water here be forever stormy . approach in b.g. , tall sail . a whaling ship . lookout ( 0.s. ) sail ho ! ext . pequod ( at sea ) - bow deck - day 127 wind blister he face at the bow , ahab search the horizon with pierce curiosity . ahab where away ?! lookout ( 0.s. ) Three point on the larboard bow , sir ! she 's bringin ' down she breeze to we ! ahab turn forward to port and see she : ext . cape horn seas - day the Rachel , a veteran ship like the pequod , make for we under full sail . ext . middeck - day starbuck and stubb peer out from the port bulwark , expectancy on they face . stubb well , now ! that 's a cheerin ' sight ! bulkington stare out , a intense look on he face , as if the near ship be a mean of escape . ext . cape horn seas - day a airborne view : the Rachel be almost abreast of the pequod , maneuver to cut the wind from she sail . ext . middeck - day the crew watch from the port rail , the Rachel in full view as the two ship heave side by side on the rough seas . the Rachel 's sailor shout greeting , but we crew just stare back . frozen in place , wait for ahab . ext . bow deck - day ahab balance himself atop the bow gunwale and stand 128 tall above he crew , look down on the Rachel 's deck . starbuck approach , stubb and ishmael in tow . starbuck shall we reef the sail for board , sir ? ahab no time , mister starbuck . starbuck give he a look , expect that . across the patch of roll water , the captain of the Rachel yell through a megaphone : rachel captain have ye see a whale boat adrift , Captain ?! ahab 's face tighten , take back by that . he cling to a stay , cup he hand to he mouth and shout : ahab have ye see the White whale ?! rachel captain ( distractedly ) aye , we have ... this morning ... ahab react with renew excitement , beside himself . ahab where be he , Captain ?! not dead , be he ? not ... kill !? rachel captain what do that matter ?! as beside himself as ahab , the Captain shout out with misery in he voice : rachel captain ( cont would ) my boy , sir ! I lose a whale boat -- my own son be on that boat ! for God 's sake , I beg of ye ... help I find ‘im ! ext . middeck - day ahab 's crew react , eye turn on they Captain . 129 ext . bow deck - day ahab shake he head , a desperate man . ahab do not ! no , do not ask I to , Captain ... the Rachel 's Captain shout louder , just as desperate . rachel captain I know you , ahab -- we have ship together ! let I charter you ship , sir , just for one day ! I will gladly pay for it and pay handsomely ! you must ... you must and you shall do this for I , ahab ! starbuck , stubb and ishmael listen to he pleading , stubb overwhelm . stubb by heaven , we must help the man ! to hell with ahab and he damned whale ! starbuck react to stubb 's unusual display of emotion . starbuck the boy 's drown , stubb . you know it as well as I do . ishmael drown ? how d'ye know that , mister starbuck ? he look between he and stubb , both nodd sadly . ahab , clearly pain by the Rachel Captain 's loss , fight off any show of feel and stand stiffly . ahab the whale , Captain ! where be he when ye last clapped eye on he ?! rachel captain Captain ahab ! I will not go ahab 's face anvil . the ahab shake 130 " till I hear ye say aye to I ! I know ye have a child of you own , safe in nantucket ! you know I would do for you and you son what I be askin ' ye to do for mine ! yes , yes , I can see that you relent !... almost weaken , but he stand like a Rachel Captain shout on determinedly : rachel captain ( cont would ) I see it ! you be relenting , ahab ! ( to he crew ) run , man ! stand by to square in the yard ! ( across to ahab ) we be all go to look for that whale boat , sir , and find my boy ! he head , roaring into the wind : ahab nay ! touch not a rope-yarn ! not a block nor a stay ! ext . middeck - day shock reaction from all around he . ext . bow deck - day stubb and I unsurprise to budge . ahab ( cont would ) I will not do it , Captain gardiner ! even as we speak , I be lose time and I '1l not lose any more ! ( turn quickly ) mister starbuck ! prepare to turn windward ! shmael stare at he in utter disbelief . , starbuck just glare at he , refuse ignoring he , ahab bellow at he crew : ahab ( cont would ) man the yard , we be sailing on ! on the double ! 131 fearful of he wrath , the dechhand rush to they duty . starbuck stand there fix , hatred in he eye . ahab shout across the water : ahab ( cont would ) Goodbye , Captain gardiner ! Goodbye and may God help ye , man ! May I forgive myself , but now I must go ! rachel captain ( a voice of doom ) GOD will not forgive you for this , ahab ! he will not forgive you !! across the water , the Rachel start to recede , as we steer off . the distant Captain stand fast , he figure dwindling away . ishmael stare out at the sight , dread in he eye . ext . middeck - day ahab sweep across toward the quarterdeck ... ahab helmsman ! steady on a easterly course -- queequeg suddenly block he way , harpoon in hand . a tower of defiance . queequeg queequeg sail no more ! ahab to you station , harpooner ! queequeg cap and be bad magic ! ahab obey I ! -- queequeg slam he harpoon down -- its sharp point into the deck between ahab 's foot ! ahab edge back . 132 queequeg queequeg harpoon no more ! with that , he strut to the foot of the main mast , plop down on the deck and sit erect and unmove . gazing dead ahead . rooted to the spot . ahab be near explode . he think twice , glance around at the man . face stare at he . decide to ignore queequeg , he march away to he cabin . starbuck , no longer able to contain himself , start after ahab . starbuck Captain ! ahab press on , refuse to hear he . starbuck ( cont would ) Captain ahab , sir ! int . captain be cabin - day ahab storm in , start to shut the door -- starbuck block it open . ahab react with angry surprise . ahab let go that door , mister starbuck ! starbuck permission to speak with ye -- ahab permission deny ! starbuck I will speak , sir ! ahab return to you duty , man ! on you toe -- starbuck force he way into the cabin . ahab back away , outrage . starbuck close the door behind he . in b.g. , little pip sit on ahab 's bunk , bundle up in the Captain 's robe , toy with chess piece , 133 babbling to himself . oblivious to they . in sudden fury , ahab seize a musket hang on a wall . he point it at starbuck , who stand defiant . ahab ye insubordinate bastard ! back to deck -- or by God I will deliver ye straight into hell ! starbuck I am in hell , sir ! ahab ease he grip , take back by that . starbuck face he with calm fortitude , a voice of reason : starbuck capt and , we have sail thousand of mile to stock oil . we be breakin ' a solemn oath chase this ... mirage of a whale ! what will the owner say if we return with a empty hold ? ahab owner ?! what care ahab ?! let that miserly owner stand on nantucket beach and outyell the typhoon , for all I care ! they be not my conscience -- my conscience be in this ship 's keel ! ( threaten musket ) now get back on deck ! starbuck stand fast , unconcern by the point weapon . starbuck you conscience , capt and , be drawin ' water . in the end it will sink ye down -- and drag US down in you wake ! ahab damnation ! again you dare to question I -- starbuck 134 in Jesus ' name , think of you men ! no more of this madness ! the angel mob ye with warning , sir -- do ye not see they ?! ahab cock the musket threateningly , ready to use it . ahab out ! get back to the deck ! starbuck nay , sir , not yet ! ( with force calm ) I only ask that we try to be reasonable man ... ahab then listen to I , mister starbuck . there be one God that be lord over the earth , and one Captain who 's lord over the pequod ! get back to you post ! starbuck see the burn fire in ahab 's eye and realize there be no way to reason with this man . starbuck as you wish , Captain . you need not beware of starbuck ... ( eye burn back ) but let ahab beware of ahab ! beware of yourself , old man ! stun by he word , ahab 's rage dissipate . he lower the musket , regard he curiously . ahab you face I like a brave man , shipmate . yet you obey I . resigned to it , starbuck turn and open the door . ahab ( cont would ) you be too good of a man , starbuck . starbuck turn back . a calm but fierce expression . starbuck 135 I wish I be not . he quickly exit . ext . middeck - day queequeg sit at the foot of the mast , hunch over a tiny fire of wood shaving on the deck . he chant a polynesian ritual , praying to he yojo . ishmael hunker down before he , terribly concerned . ishmael queequeg ! what 's get into ye , man ! if ye do not work , you will get a floggin ' for sure ! queequeg -- speak to I ! queequeg chant away , withdraw into himself . dagoo lean over he and shake he head . dagoo he 's get de voodoo in ‘im . tashtego appear and kneel down with a handful of wood shaving . he drop they beside queequeg . queequeg feed the shave into the fire without a word . just he low , rhythmic , rumbling chant . ishmael tashtego , what do ye think ail he ?! tashtego his spirit be ill . it be he time to die . he look at queequeg with deep understanding . sing a low- voice indian prayer , as if to guide he along . ishmael time to die ?! what manner of nonsense be that ?! he shake queequeg hard , desperate to bring he around . ishmael ( cont would ) 136 queequeg ! enough of this ! no response . ishmael rise up , exasperate and afraid . he turn to dagoo , shaking he head . ishmael ( cont would ) such madness ! first the old man , then pip , now queequeg ... be we all goin ' mad ?! dagoo it 's ahab , I tell ye . he 's put de voodoo in alla we ! starbuck stride angrily across the middeck from the cabin . he stop to behold queequeg 's burn ritual . starbuck what the devil be this ? ishmael my friend 's not well , sir . starbuck queequeg , put out that flame ! you will set the whole ship on fire ! queequeg suddenly look up , as if foreseeing a vision . queequeg ship on fire ... aye ! Whole big ship ! ship all burn !... ( resign to it ) a ' queequeg go he island in sky . ishmael kneel down , gaze at he , try to understand . queequeg clutches he arm in a vice- like grip . queequeg ( cont would ) Quick ... fetch carpenter ! dagoo I will fetch ' im for ye , mate . he hurry off . ishmael lean close to queequeg . ishmael 137 why d'ye need the carpenter ? queequeg need he build canoe ... like dem canoe place them inside when dem nantucket whaleman dead ! Dark wood ... like dem war- wood canoe on I island ! starbuck what on earth be he say ? ishmael he 's talk about a coffin . queequeg to lie he in and take he go island in sky ! not in I foc 'sle hammock , sabee ? ishmael nod , sadden . he translate to starbuck , as dagoo appear with the carpenter . ishmael he 's ask we not to bury he in he hammock , but to set he afloat in a canoe ... ( rise up ) a coffin . he 's speak to I about this before ... it 's how warrior be bury in he homeland . starbuck shake he head in bafflement . the carpenter shuffles forward . carpenter aye , so ? what 's he want ? ishmael a coffin that float . can ye manage that ? the carpenter shrug . without a second think , he produce a string and measure queequeg 's tattooe body , length and breadth . then he shuffles away . during this , queequeg mutter a final prayer to he yojo ... then promptly toss it on the fire . 138 ishmael queequeg ! that 's you god ! queequeg no more . do not matter wedder be fiji god or nantucket god , no more god on dis ship ... ( deep whisper ) no more god . he withdraw back into he chant , impervious now to ishmael , lose in a world beyond communication . ishmael look plaintively between starbuck , dagoo and tashtego . they grim expression offer no solace . the yojo burn . a ominous chill to the scene . fade out . act 5 ext . cape hope seas - before dawn the dusk before sunrise . the pequod rest on choppy , windswept seas . in b.g. , the dark silhouette of a mountainous mass of land . the South African coast . int . forecastle - before dawn darken , oil lamp swinging . Men sleep in they bunk . a lone shadow creep past and upstairs . int . captain be cabin - before dawn pip sleep in ahab 's bunk , twitching from terrible dream . the Captain sleep fitfully in a armchair by the bunk . he too have nightmare , he sweat - sheen head toss from side to side , he fist clench . one of he hand momentarily open , tear by he fingernails ... he palm bloody . ext . middeck - before dawn strong wind buffet the deck . queequeg sit rigidly 139 under the mast in the same spot , as if in a freeze coma . a squall whip away the ash before he . ishmael sleep close by he friend , huddle in a blanket . muffled footstep stir he awake . not move , he watch a shadow streak across the deck . a small dinghy drop overboard , splashes down , its tow line strung to the deck above . a figure lean over the landward railing , feed out rope . bulkington , he back turn to we . he start to climb over -- a hand clamp on he shoulder . starbuck behind he . bulkington stiffen defensively . starbuck clutch my soul ! have ye go mad too , bulkington ? bulkington I get a young bride waitin ' for I , sir . it 's not my fate to die with that man . he nod toward the captain 's cabin . starbuck seem to understand ... then slowly reach into a coat pocket . bulkington tense . the bowie knife materialize in he hand . bulkington I always like ye , starbuck , but do not try to stop I . starbuck stop , hand in he coat . a long , tense beat between they . then ...he withdraw a letter . starbuck it 's for my missus . if ye make it to nantucket , I would be grateful if ye would pass it on . bulkington nod and take the letter . a moment of communion between two reasonable man . they look at the silhouett African vista against the dusky sky . bulkington why do not ye give it to she 140 yourself ? there 's room in the boat . starbuck smile and shake he head . bulkington leap over and start to climb down the ship 's side . he take he knife and cut the tow line . then stab it down into the bulwark top . bulkington ( cont would ) you will need that more than I . May God go with ye , mate ! with that , he descend into he boat . starbuck step up to the bulwark to watch he : ext . cape horn seas - before dawn bulkington row fast toward the rocky shore , the dinghy a dark form on the choppy , treacherous water . ext . middeck - before dawn starbuck gaze longingly after he . his eye sweep along the expanse of land beyond , then turn back on bulkington : ext . cape horn seas - before dawn in the distance , the dinghy ride the crest of a steep wave then dip down , propel too quickly toward the shore rock ! the boat smashes against the rock -- its timber shatter out from a powerful , crash wave ! bulkington be go . ext . middeck - before dawn starbuck look on in abject horror . he shut he eye from the doom sight , slamm a fist against the bulwark top with angry despair . he lower he head in grief and open he eye . his grim gaze fall on : the big bowie knife , protrude from the top . ext . cape hope seas - day the pequod approach the blustery cape of good hope , she bow dip in the swell . the horizon before she be black with thunderhead . a storm dead ahead . int . captain be cabin - day 141 chess piece be scattered around pip , who lie on the floor . he play a game of battle between the black king and the white whale 's tooth , crash they against each other with animated sound . pip crish , crash , damn yer eye ! die , ye white fiend ! splash ! beware the tail , splat ! ahh ! ahab pore over he sea chart , exhaust for lack of sleep . the overhead lamp swing , the cabin sway . distract by pip , ahab half - smile at the boy . the door crack open , and starbuck peer in . starbuck sorry to disturb ye , sir . ahab go back to he map without reply , he usual severe manner . starbuck step in and stand by the door , act polite to hide he contempt . starbuck ( cont would ) the oil barrel be leak , sir . the cask wood 's rotten . ahab so ? tar they up . starbuck it would be more prudent to ship into the next port and replace the lot of ‘em . ahab mister starbuck , we will not stray from we course . be that understand ? starbuck we be losin ' we profit , sir . would ye wish to strip the man of all hope of cash ? ahab ( a ironic tone ) Cash ... aye , a hard matter that . hard it be that to fire other , 142 the match must be waste . ( dismiss he ) tar up the barrel . starbuck that will not be good enough - - ahab mind you word , starbuck ! that be my order . hard look between they . seethe under the surface , starbuck start to speak again ... ahab ( cont would ) that be all ! starbuck turn away , eying he with pity and hatred . ext . middeck - day the deck pitch and roll on the brewing seas . Men climb spider - like across the yard , try to control the wind - beat sail . stubb shout up at they : stubb furl that t'gallant sail ! and close reef they topsail , fore and aft ! starbuck march over to they , shouting over the wind . starbuck a word with you , stubb ! you too , flask ! flask what , now ?! starbuck now ! the three hurry away . under shrieking wind , a SOUND from below deck : the banging of the carpenter 's hammer . at the foot of the main mast , queequeg be still freeze in the same position . chant prayer , oblivious to the blast wind and toss deck . kneel beside he , ishmael prod a cup of steaming 143 chowder at he . ishmael for Christ 's sake , queequeg , ye get to eat ! come on now , just a few sip , then ye can go back to you prayer ... queequeg keep chant at a steady rhythm , as if ishmael do not exist . ishmael give up in despair . ishmael ( cont would ) my poor savage ... my pagan friend who would gladly die for I ... do not ye understand ?! I do not want ye to die ! the carpenter appear , haul a coffin up on deck . he lose he balance from the pitch of the ship , fall under the coffin 's heavy weight . ishmael hasten over to help he . crewmen ignore the struggle pair , turn superstitious face away to avoid look at the coffin . dragging it across to the mast , the two slide it before queequeg . suddenly aware of the coffin , queequeg snap back to reality . he lean forward to examine it . the carpenter open the lid and give he a look . carpenter get to do a fittin' . queequeg nod , understanding . he take he harpoon and rise unsteadily on cramped leg . then step into the coffin and lie down like a model corpse , rest the harpoon on he chest . ishmael watch , deeply chagrine by it all . the carpenter nod , satisfied . queequeg rise and step out . he squat back down against the mast and continue chant . completely tune out again . int . barrel hold - day the dark bowel of the ship . oil barrel be pile high against the hull . the three mate stand in a 144 inch of leak oil cover the floor , balance themselves to the ship 's lilt sway . starbuck illuminate the sinister hold with a lamp , stubb and flask stare at he . stubb how d'ye mean , " usurpation " ? starbuck a captain can not use a ship for ill-gotten gain , other than for the purpose of she owner . it 's in the code of merchant seamen . flask we be not merchantmen , we be whaler . starbuck gesture down at the oil - flood floor , charge with angry energy . starbuck be ye that blind to what 's happenin ' here ? all that we toiled for be bein ' waste -- and he'll not lift a finger to save it ! he do not care ! disturb by he , stubb start to light he pipe with a cinder . flask lean forward urgently . flask careful there , stubb ! the whole damn ship could go up . eying the oil leak , stubb cautiously put the pipe away . stubb what be ye proposin ' , mate ? starbuck we have the legal right to refuse all further obedience . we can even wrest command of this ship . stubb trade disconcert look with flask . 145 stubb that 's dangerous talk ... I can not abide by it . if the capt and say to tar up the barrel , let 's tar ‘em up . starbuck open you eye , man ! we be not whaler any more , we be just sheep followin ' a madman ! wanderin ' from all mortal reason ! stubb aye , that might be true ... but ahab 's still capt and . and a fearless one at that ! flask aye , a mighty capt and ! the king of the seas , the lord of leviathan -- we can not go up against that ! starbuck turn away , frustrated , try to collect he wit to get through to they . starbuck listen to I well , mate : a fearless man be far more dangerous than a coward . no storm nor whale can match the terror menace we from the brow of a angry man ! we must not let ahab 's fatal pride drag this ship down to doom with he ! stubb but mutiny , sir ! that 's a idea bear of a undigested stomach . that 's a killin ' ground you be stand on ! flask aye ! I will have no part of it ! he turn and climb out of the hold . starbuck look at stubb with unyield eye . stubb shake he head . stubb 146 this be a sharkish business we be in , starbuck . be ye shark enough for this ? starbuck I can no longer stand by to the willful murder of this good crew . I can not obey my God by obey he ! do ye understand I , stubb ? stubb I do , mate . but I be not a religious man , nor a brave one . ye stand alone . ext . cape hope seas - dusk Dark thundercloud blot out the sunset . the pequod drive on between mountainous wave that seem to engulf it . Dead ahead ... a black , roiling tempest . ext . middeck - dusk powerful wind pound the deck . stubb shout at sailor on the rigging . stubb back the mainyard and break out the mainhold ! a sea storm 's comin ' to greet we ! he stare at starbuck , who pace the aft deck and glance repeatedly at the Captain 's cabin . stubb frown , sense he moral dilemma . ishmael pull hard on a halyard , turn to glimpse he friend : queequeg still sit in the same place , sway to the ship 's rise and fall . the coffin slide around he . int . captain be cabin - dusk pip sleep on the floor amidst a flotsam of chess piece , curl up peacefully at ahab 's foot like a napping pup . doze in he armchair , ahab resemble more a weary old pensioner than a raging tyrant . the cabin sway 147 around he , STORM wind howling in b.g . ahab open he tired eye and peer down at pip . ahab poor , gentle , mad pip ... he open a locket and gaze at a miniature portrait of he young wife and baby son in better time . his warm gaze turn dark and bitter . he shut away the locket from sight and mind . stormy again . ahab ( cont would ) oh , be I the wind ! I would blow no more on this wick , wolfish world ! where lie that final harbor , where we unmoor no more ?... he clutches he forehead , wrack by a strange agony . ahab ( cont would ) God , stave my brain -- how he gore I ! accurse whale , begone from my head , or I will clear the world of thee ! ( look madly around ) if I could only sleep ... but ahab never sleep , he only feel , feel , feel ! aye , that 's tingling enough for mortal man ! he focus on the twisted sheet of he bunk , torment . ahab ( cont would ) my grave - dig berth , my tomb . ahab and anguish , together in one hammock . dear God ... I must sleep ... he rest back in the chair and doze off again . a long beat . a shadow creep into the cabin . we follow the padded footfalls of wet boot across the floor ... up to a pair of trousers ... then the bowie knife in starbuck 's hand . starbuck loom over doze ahab in the armchair . the swinging lamp cast surreal , dance shadow . slowly raise the glisten blade , starbuck inch toward the Captain ... then stop , stare down at pip , 148 sleep docilely at he foot . starbuck lower the knife . he can not do it . ahab stir . starbuck bury the knife away in he belt . ahab 's groggy eye blink open , focus on the figure before he . ahab what ... what be it ? a ferocious gale rise above deck , match the storm on starbuck 's face . starbuck a storm , Captain . ext . middeck - night a typhoon rage ! huge wave sledge- hammer the deck ! Men rush about the wash deck in the blast wind and torrential rain , lash down everything in sight . ext . quarterdeck - night at the helm stubb struggle to keep the wheel steady , fight for balance , sing at the top of he lung : stubb oh , jolly be the gale , and a joker be the whale ! such a sporty , jokey , hokey - pokey lad be the ocean , oh ! starbuck climb up the quarterdeck step toward he . starbuck avast , mate ! let the storm do the singin ' ! be a brave man and hold you tongue ! stubb laugh -- a gigantic wave wash over they ! he shake the sea water from he eye . stubb I tell ye I be not a brave man , starbuck ! I be a coward , if truth be know ... and I '11 sing to keep up my spirit ! no way to stop I , sir , but to cut my throat ! 149 starbuck well , jump overboard and sing away , if you must ! ahab appear on deck , face illuminate by a blind flash of lightning . a deafen thunder clap ! starbuck and stubb regard he warily . stubb grip the wheel harder , try to control it . stubb bad work , mister starbuck ! bad work ! the sea 's havin ' its way ! we can not fight it ! nobody can ! not even he ! starbuck help he with the wheel , look up : tear sail flap violently , man nearly throw off the rigging . starbuck we will go no further in this squall ! we must turn round ! he struggle he way toward the Captain . ext . middeck - night queequeg sit glue to the foot of the mast , chant , undaunted by the tempest . Sea water wash over he . ishmael stagger over , hold on for dear life . ishmael queequeg ! get below ! ( tug at he ) come on , mate -- you will be wash overboard ! queequeg will not budge . another powerful wave slam ishmael against the mast ! ext . quarterdeck - night ahab cling to a rail , unbend in the wind , he eye fix outward to the boil sea . starbuck hurry desperately over . starbuck 150 Captain , sir ! we could turn this gail into a fair wind if we turn about -- let it drive we toward home ! leeward , sir , and homeward ! ahab do not lecture I , starbuck , I know this seas as I know myself ! never think this voyage over -- before moby Dick be in my grasp ! a wave crash over they -- starbuck collide against the deckhouse ! ahab hold fast , roote to the rail . starbuck grapples he way back toward he . starbuck in the name of GOD , ahab ! we must turn about ! ahab you hear my order ! we drive on ! ishmael ( 0.s. ) starbuck !! help we !! ext . middeck - night ishmael cling to the mast , grip queequeg , try to keep he from wash away . queequeg sit there , make no move to save himself from the onslaught . starbuck rush over and grab a handhold by the mast . starbuck get ' im below ! ishmael he will not move , sir ! grabbing a rope , starbuck hoist queequeg up . starbuck let 's raise ' im up ... against the mast ! 151 the two struggle to lift the limp giant to a stand position , flat against the mast . starbuck lash he to it , wrapping the rope around he chest and waist . ext . quarterdeck - night ahab stand rigid , defiant against the storm . a vision catch he eye , far out to sea : ext . cape hope seas - night a large white form materialize over the crest of giant wave . indistinguishable , it could be a huge whitecap ... or it could be a white whale . ext . quarterdeck - night ahab glower at it with murderous eye . to he , it be moby Dick . he spin around toward the crew below , point outward . ahab he 's there , man ! he 's riding the storm with we ! ext . middeck - night holding on , the man turn seaward . they see nothing . starbuck shout up from the mast : starbuck Captain -- leave that whale to he ghostly wanderings ! we must save we ship !! a lightning bolt strike a life raft at the stern with a violent crack -- the raft fly overboard and fall burn into the sea ! ext . quarterdeck - night ahab turn back and fix on the image at sea : ext . cape hope seas - night visible now in the flash of lightning , like a blurry mirage , moby dick plunge through swell and whitecap . follow the same course as the ship . 152 ext . quarterdeck - night convince of what he see , ahab gesture over the heaving rail like a messiah . ahab behold , shipmate ! believe you own eye -- he 's there ! ext . middeck - night the man stagger to reach the bulwark . all stare out into the black maelstrom , strain they eye . ext . cape hope seas - night thousands of whitecap over dark , raging water . but no sign of a whale . ext . quarterdeck - night ahab point and exhort the man below , spurring they on . ahab there ! d'ye see he ?! look at he ! see he white brow , he magnitude , he malignity ! most monstrous , mountainous sea mastodon , against whom we will declare everlast war ! ext . middeck - night flask , catch up in ahab 's delusion , point excitedly . flask there !! I see he , capt and ! ext . cape horn seas - night over whitecap , the same blurry mirage -- moby dick ! swim parallel to the ship , draw closer . ext . middeck - night stubb spot he too and nod enthusiastically , echoed quickly by the rest of the crew . 153 stubb /crew aye ! I see he too ! there he blow ! clear as day ! flask by fluke ! be he a ghost ?! ahab nay ! he 's as real as death ! behind they , starbuck see nothing . he edge beside ishmael who cling to the mast with daze queequeg . strain to see , ishmael turn to starbuck . ishmael where be he , sir ?! I do not see he ! starbuck of course ye do not ! the old man 's blastin ' all reason straight out of they head ! another tidal wave plow over they with piledriver force -- starbuck and ishmael topple over each other ! queequeg stand secure , like Ulysses bound to the mast , chant dazedly . starbuck rise determinedly and bound up the quarterdeck step . ext . quarterdeck - night starbuck take the wheel from stubb and turn it full circle with all he might . the deck lurch to port . ahab wheel around in rage . ahab avast ! away from there !! he seize the wheel from starbuck , dement with fury . ahab ( cont would ) touch not that wheel , or I will strike ye into eternity ! ! he wrench starbuck away and spin the wheel back -- the ship careen to starboard with whiplash force ! Men be throw across the middeck . flattened against the deckhouse , starbuck shout at ahab . 154 starbuck we must turn about or we will perish ! ahab nay , I say ! we will drive on ! starbuck we'll lose this ship !! undaunted and drive , ahab helm the ship back into the storm . starbuck dash back down to middeck . ext . middeck - night a titantic wave sweep across the deck , submerging everyone ! a scream deckhand wash overboard ! ishmael clamp himself to the mast , hold queequeg close -- the two momentarily underwater . drenched crewmen cling to shroud , battle for ground against wind and sea . they eye stare up toward : ext . quarterdeck - night ahab at the wheel , riding the storm , wind beat he face , whipping back he hair , a man obsessed . suddenly ... a phosphorescent glow reflect off he face . ext . middeck - night struggle with a halyard , starbuck and ishmael glance up at a bizarre phenomenon : a green , ghoulish flash skip along the top rigging , sparking out vein of electrical discharge ! ishmael what be it ?!... starbuck St. elmo 's fire !... the other man do not see it , they eye glue on ahab ... ext . quarterdeck - night his body and the wheel all aglow in the otherworldly 155 green light -- flash vein sparking down the stern mast onto the high deck ! a ghostly , mystical sight . then , just as suddenly ... the storm abate , as if in the eye of a hurricane . the deck keep pitching , wind still howling , rain fly aft ... but the assault of wave recede . ext . middeck - night all the man stand freeze , stare up at glow ahab , dominate the ship -- as if it be he who have quelle the storm . then they gape higher up , aghast : the St. elmo 's fire spread across the top of the mast , filter down over sail and rigging ! its green hue transform -- into a blind whiteness ! stubb God have mercy on we all !! the crew stagger back in fear . dagoo reflexively seize he harpoon to protect himself . tashtego fall to he knee , praying for he life . even fedallah and he Arabs fall back in terrify awe . ahab thunk -clop down to middeck with a triumphant air . ahab aye ! aye , shipmate ! Mark it well ! the white flame but light the way to the white whale ! he snatch the harpoon away from dagoo and hold it up into the static stratosphere just above he head ... a blind flash ! a ring of St. elmo 's fire engulf the harpoon head -- shine a white , sparkling beacon ! the man gasp in unison , tremble before he . starbuck , the lone disbeliever , gaze hard at ahab 's grand performance . ishmael gape . ishmael Jesus Christ in heaven ! what be he do ?! starbuck oh , he know exactly what he 's do ! 156 ahab laugh defiantly , scan the awestruck face of he crew then stare deep into the crackle light . ahab Leap ! Leap up and lick the sky ! I leap with you , burn with you -- I command the very heavens ! a fork light deflect off the harpoon tip , casting a laser beam off at a high angle . ahab turn the harpoon , reflect the light down -- towards the main mast . the magical beam burn down the length of the mast , hit the gold doubloon . the coin shine brilliantly , spark flicker out like white sun ray ! control by ahab 's harpoon , the beam travel down onto queequeg 's face . ishmael and starbuck recoil back . the harpooner 's eye brighten , as if he see a angel . starbuck can stand no more . he dash over . starbuck no , ahab ! do not do this ! enough witchcraft , old man , God will turn against you ! t'is a ill voyage , ill begin and ill do ! stop this blasphemy , Captain -- stop it now !! he seize he arm to stop he . ahab hurl he away with inhuman strength . he boom at the crew , he wide eye translucent with maniacal fervor . ahab all you oath , shipmate , be as binding as mine ! make no mistake ! heart , body and soul , lung and life , ahab be bound ! he lift the glow harpoon higher above he head -- its glow intensify , lighting up he whole body ! queequeg cap and !! cap and !! ishmael turn in shock . queequeg struggle at the rope , suddenly and fully conscious , he lucid eye 157 focus on ahab . ishmael quickly unty he . queequeg stagger to ahab , as if he 's just see God . queequeg ( cont would ) queequeg sabee !... queequeg see ! he fall to ahab 's foot , clutches they worshippingly . queequeg ( cont would ) I cap'n ...me cap'n ...me GOD ! stubb and flask , they face aglow in ahab 's white light , kneel before he on the pitching , windy deck . dagoo drop to he knee beside tashtego . fedellah and the Arabs genuflect , prostrate before the master . remove from it all , ishmael puzzle over this mad scene . he watch starbuck : angry but stricken , fight all the temptation of the devil . ahab extend a fatherly hand to starbuck , yearn for he soul as well . ahab ye see , starbuck ? my pulse make this very plank beat ! ( to he man ) look , shipmate ! raise you head ! look here as I blow out you last fear ! all of it ! gone !! he blow on the flame white beacon of he harpoon -- the light be extinguish ! above , a blind lightning flash ! a deafen thunder crack ! then darkness ... as the wind rise and the storm return full fury . a primordial flooding from both sea and sky . fade out . act 6 ext . indian ocean - dawn the storm have pass . thin , layer cloud blend with a dazzle , bright - color sunrise . the pequod 158 sail toward the sun on calm seas , leave the cape far behind . ext . pequod ( at sea ) - deck / mast - dawn a deathly quiet reign over the deck , like a ghost ship . Broken spar and scattered rigging from the storm lie about , unattend to . the ship seem at first glance desert , but there be seamen about ... dough - Boy , aloft in the lookout . dagoo and tashtego squat on the bow gunwale , harpoon in hand , eye fix on the horizon with warrior - like intensity . stubb con the ship on the wheeldeck , puffing he pipe . flask at the helm . both gaze steadily seaward with fanatical concentration . fedallah and he crew straddle yard arm , stare uniformly out to sea . Zealous sentinels , watch and wait . not a sound from anyone . no talk , no laughter , not even from stubb . all be focus on whatever be out there . all with one singular purpose . int . barrel hold - dawn by flicker lamplight , a chaos of scattered cask break by the storm . crack barrel bleed oil ... six_inches over the flood floor now . holding the lamp , starbuck stare appal at the damage . a total loss . int . forecastle - morning the rest of the crew sleep in exhaustion . queequeg and ishmael sit at a mess table over breakfast . his normal self , queequeg shovel away a immense pile of food on he plate , consume it with gusto . he 's starve . ishmael study he with ironic awe . ishmael I just do not fathom ye . you say you be goin ' to die ! 159 queequeg only man go dead want to go dead . no bad magic kill man not want to go dead ! only big thing ... big fire , big water , big whale that do not think ! only that kill man not want to go dead ! sabee ? queequeg smile charismatically and stuff he mouth . ishmael sigh , watch he feed frenzy . ishmael I think I '1l draft my will . you can be my witness . queequeg aye ! queequeg much happy to ! ishmael ponder to himself , clearly distress . int . starbuck's cabin - dawn starbuck sit hunch over the edge of he bunk and leaf through he bible , brood distractedly . ishmael appear in the doorway , look troubled . ishmael do not mean to bother ye , sir . starbuck look up , agitate . then nod patiently . starbuck what be it , ishmael ? ishmael I do not know , sir , I just ... I feel such dread . what 's get over this crew ? they all seem to have lose they wit , like they cannot think . starbuck shut the bible and run he hand through he hair , more troubled than ishmael . starbuck they do not see he madness , ishmael ... they can not . he will not give them a chance to think ! only to feel . and 160 they feel they must obey he . ( a resign nod ) oh , I will obey he as well ... but I will hate he for it ! ishmael perhaps I must obey he too . starbuck do not . do not give in . at least not in you heart ! int . captain be cabin - morning dress and ready for battle , ahab put on he top hat . he turn to leave -- pip scurries over and wrap he arm around he leg . frightened , a strangle whisper : pip master , master ... do not go ! ahab turn , unusually patient and affectionate . ahab no , lad . ye must not follow ahab . not now ... not ever ! ( lose patience ) ye have the wrong effect on I , son ... like a cure toa malady I must keep as my own . now do as I say and stay here . I will have they serve ye -- as though you be Captain ! pip no , please ! use I as yer leg ! lemme be a part of you ! ahab do not speak to I so , pip ... do not ! my purpose will keel up in I , and I tell ye ... it cannot be ! pip cry out . ahab be tear by he voice , angry now . ahab ( cont would ) weep and I will murder ye , boy ! for ahab too be mad ! pip sob uncontrollably , refuse to let go . ahab 161 relent and squat down to comfort he . the boy hug he tight , tear flow . ahab sigh , agonizing . ahab ( cont would ) oh , you be true , be not ye , pip ! as the circumference to its center ... he pull back gently , gaze into he little face . ahab ( cont would ) listen to I . if ye stay here , you will hear my ivory foot on the deck . then you will know that I be there . pip let go and look at he with sad , tearful eye . ahab ( cont would ) ye stay put now and be my commander . my Captain pip ! pip sniffles , nod and puff he chest out proudly . pip aye , aye -- capt and pip ! move by he , ahab pat he head and leave . ext . middeck - morning White seabird soar over the ship , they high - pitched squawks unsettle the man on deck . albatross . crewmen clear away break spar and rigging , repair sail and scrub the deck . no sound of voice , except ... carpenter ( 0.s. ) I do not like it ! the carpenter be tarring the inside of the coffin , sealing the seam with pitch . stubb stand over he , listen to he irate grumbling . carpenter ( cont would ) I make a coffin for queequeg but now he do not want it -- and now you want I to turn it into a life buoy ! it 's ... 162 it 's just plain undignify ! stubb well , there 's nothin ' else for it . we lose the old one , we need a new one . so stop yer complainin ' -- just rig it ! the carpenter snort peevishly . nearby , the cook turn with a mock command . cook Hammer it good , ye old scamp ! we do not want a leaky coffin ! carpenter ( scowling back ) I will hammer yer lip together if ye do not shut up ! stubb laugh at the two of they , he old self again . stubb ( cont would ) just make a good job of it ! if the ship sink , there will be thirty lively man fightin ' for one coffin -- and that 's a sight I do not want to miss ! the dechhand around they laugh , the mood on deck brighten , until ... familiar peg leg footstep cause a sudden hush . a charge air of anticipation , as everyone glue they eye on ... ext . quarterdeck - morning ahab emerge into the light , carry a quadrant . he squint into the sun and scan the man below . notice the carpenter work on the coffin , he hobble to the bannister and lean down . ahab what be this , old man ? carpenter a life buoy , capt and . mister ahab glare he with a 163 stubb 's order . ahab you be the legmaker , be ye not ? carpenter yessir , so I be . ahab be ye also the undertaker ? carpenter aye , sir ! ' twas a coffin before , sir , but now they get I turnin ' it into a buoy ! ahab a buoy ?! ye might be a jack of all trade , shipmate , but you be as unprincipled as the god ! carpenter I do what I do , sir ! ahab look at ye , you old gray - head woodpecker -- turnin ' the dread symbol of grim death into a instrument of help and hope ! hah ! a life buoy of a coffin ! carpenter faith , sir ... ahab ( sharply ) faith ?... what faith ? carpenter why , faith ... just sort of a exclamation like , sir . over the remodel coffin , dismiss irritable wave . ahab get that thing below where 164 it belong ! let I not see it again ! he hobble to the center of the quarterdeck and raise the quadrant , point it toward the sun . starbuck watch he evenly . ext . middeck - morning the rest of the crew observe ahab in silence , they face a mix of reverence and dread . fedallah alight down from he mast watch and squat low , study ahab with sinister intensity . ext . quarterdeck - morning ahab take measurement with the quadrant . he stop and frown up at the burn sun , speak to it : ahab oh , high and mighty pilot ... ye can tell I where I be , but can ye tell I where I shall be ... where he be at this very moment ? pip step anxiously from the cabin , deck out in ahab 's oversize robe . a long -absent sight to the crew . they eye follow he with strange curiosity . pip bolt across the deck and crouch at ahab 's foot , fearful of the man , the ship , the sea all around . he stay close to ahab for protection . ignoring the boy , ahab lower he gaze and scan the vast expanse . ahab ( cont would ) where be moby Dick ?! ( up at the sun ) ye can see he , can not ye ?! my eye look at the very eye that even now behold he ! ahab glare down at the quadrant in he hand . a grow disgust spread across he face ... ahab ( cont would ) foolish toy ! a baby 's play thing for commodore ! what can ye do but tell I the 165 poor , pitiful point where you happen to be now , but not one jot more than that ! ye can not tell I where one drop of water will be tomorrow -- or where be that white whale ! pip recoil from ahab 's foot , slide away from he . ahab ( cont would ) you be impotent -- and with you impotence you insult the very SUN ! he suddenly raise the quadrant and smashes it down on the deck , shatter it into useless piece ! ahab ( cont would ) curse you , ye vain , paltry thing ! thus I spit on ye ! I will no longer guide my earthly way by ye ! he crush the break piece under he peg leg with fury , then thunk -clop away . pip kneel over the quadrant piece , study they for meaning like a gypsy read tea leave . from all around , dumb reaction . then the man go about they business , as if nothing have happen . narrow he eye on ahab , starbuck rest a hand over the buckhorn handle of the bowie knife in he belt . touch it to muster false courage . ext . middeck - morning swabbing the deck with ishmael , queequeg smoke he tomahawk pipe . he offer it to ishmael , who take a deep pull and hand it back . smile between they . a distant , eerie SOUND distract they : unearthly wail and moan from out at sea , like the human cry of lose soul . ishmael squint seaward . ishmael what could it be , queequeg ? whale ? 166 queequeg shake he head , just as puzzle as he . ishmael ( cont would ) sound like the voice of drown man . other on deck hear it too , all eye focus out . look of nervous forbode . ext . indian ocean - day the pequod slashes through roll swell , fly all sail and head true before the wind . she pass a islet of sea-wash rock . .. populate by a colony of seal . sunning on the rock , they wail that eerie , human-like cry . as the pequod sail by , the seal flee into the water . ext . pequod ( at sea ) - middeck - day crewmen watch the seal from the side , chuckle among themselves . ext . bow deck - day a distance apart on the port bow , starbuck and the Captain view the seal . ahab turn to give starbuck a half -smile . starbuck do not smile back , turn he eye to the horizon . ahab sidle over beside he , both look out . he breathes deep , suck in the sea air . ahab t'is a mild , mild wind , be it not , mister starbuck ? and a mild - lookin ' sky ! he turn away to scan the blue heaven . hard , nervous eye fix on he back , starbuck slowly reach for the bowie knife in he belt . ahab ( cont would ) on such a mild day as this , I strike my first whale ... 167 the knife inch out of starbuck 's belt , expose its long , sharp blade . ahab 's back be still turn . ahab ( cont would ) a boy harpooner of eighteen ! forty year ago ! forty year of whalin' , of privation and peril and storm ! aye ... and in all that year I have not spend more than three ashore ! the knife be almost out . Fighting he conscience , starbuck will himself to do it ... ahab ( cont would ) forty year of desolation and solitude ... whole ocean away from that young wife I wedd and give a son . the knife freeze in starbuck 's grasp , as he listen . ahab ( cont would ) do I say wife ? Rather a widow with she own husband alive , poor girl ! her and that sad , neglect spit of a boy ... my dear , sweet child . starbuck ease the knife back into he belt , too sway by decency and compassion . ahab turn to he . ahab ( cont would ) aye , starbuck , I widow them both ! with all the madness , frenzy , boilin ' blood and smokin ' brow that for a thousand lowering I have chase my prey ... more a demon than a man ! starbuck study ahab 's face , try to understand he more than hate he . ahab 's brow tighten . ahab ( cont would ) how richer or better be I now for all that effort ? ( he head reel ) I feel deadly faint ...oh 168 GOD , heal my crack heart ! I feel so old ... he lean against starbuck for support , draw close to he . starbuck brace he steady . ahab ( cont would ) come close to I , starbuck ... let I look into a human eye . it 's better than to gaze into sea or sky ...or God himself ... they eye lock . ahab 's gaze deeply into starbuck 's . ahab ( cont would ) I see my wife and my son in that eye , starbuck . I see home in they ... faraway home ! genuinely move by he , starbuck hold he close . starbuck my Captain ! in this eye be my wife , my child -- and I fear I will never see they again ! he tighten he grip on he , begging earnestly : starbuck ( cont would ) let 's sail away from this wretch water ! leave right now , sir ! let I alter the course -- head we back to old nantucket again ! ahab pull away , dark and stormy again . frustrate beyond reason , starbuck pray to the sky with clench fist . starbuck ( cont would ) great God in heaven -- show yourself to this man ! impulsively , he yank out the knife from he belt . starbuck ( cont would ) or give I the strength to do you bid ! he turn toward ahab , he tooth clench , the blade 169 point to strike . ahab look at the knife and regards he deeply , tear with new conflict emotion . he stare grimly to sea , as if suddenly realize he folly . ahab what have I do ? what cruel master command I ?! starbuck stare at he , freeze in step , the knife poise . ahab ( cont would ) what be this unearthly thing , push I to do what in my own heart I would not dare ?! a look of dark revelation , he eye fix on the far horizon , gaze inward . almost a whisper : ahab ( cont would ) be ahab ... no longer ahab ? ext . indian ocean - day Dead ahead of the pequod , bubbles rise on the sea 's surface ... from deep below . they increase , until water erupt with the release of air from some great spout ! ext . bow deck - day the tense tableau between ahab and starbuck be suddenly break by a bellow cry above : dough -boy ( 0.s. ) thar she blows ! ! ext . top mast - day High on lookout , dough - Boy shake with violent glee . dough - boy ( cont would ) she blow ! she blow ! Dead to the bow , capt and ! it 's he -- the white whale ! 170 ext . middeck - day Men tumble madly against the bulwark and leap onto gunwale , gape out . ext . bow deck - day ahab and starbuck stare dead ahead over the bow , they eye wide . starbuck 's knife lower in he hand . ext . indian ocean - day a half - mile out , moby dick breach directly in the pequod 's path -- he whole , gigantic body leap high out of the water ! splashing down with the might of a seaquake ! wave shoot up ! a tremendous blast of spout water explode , fill the air ! mist fill we view . fade out . act 7 ext . indian ocean - day moby dick 's massive shape plow through the swell in f.g. , parallel to the dwarf pequod a hundred yard away in b.g . a half - dozen break harpoon stick out of he white , mottle hump . a jet of liquid air gush from he great spout . ext . pequod ( at sea ) - day whaler ' face gape seaward . starbuck , stubb , flask , ishmael , queequeg , tashtego , dagoo , fedallah . with anticipation or dread , this be the moment they have all be wait for . ahab stand rigid , focus and still -- until murderous rage explode full force from he face . ahab lower the boat ! a frenzy of activity ! crewmen rush to the divet to man the lowering chain . 171 starbuck stand there a beat , powerless , he weapon impotent in he hand . he put it away and shout up : starbuck in stunsail ! down the topgallant ! Chaos on deck ! shout and whistle , the banging of wood block , ringing of chainlink , beat of boot run over the planking . fedallah stop by the gold coin on the mast , slap it greedily with a fist , dash on . other follow suit , slapping the coin as they run by . queequeg , tash and dago snatch up they harpoon in quick order . whaler pile into the swinging boat like pirate on the attack -- some leaping from the deck . they man the oar and rope line . ahab storm out he cabin door , he two polished harpoon in each hand . pip run frantically behind he , trip on the oversize length of he robe . he scream hysterically after ahab : pip master , master ... come back ! the shark ! the shark ! impervious to he , ahab shout to the blacksmith : ahab Light up that try-work , blacksmith ! we will have ton of blubber to burn tonight ! the blacksmith turn to fuel the huge furnace . over the side , whaleboat drop -- slapping down on the water in quick succession . fedallah 's boat be the first to set off , row with amazing speed . ahab climb over and react to fedallah 's flight . he wave he harpoon after he , out of he mind with rage . ahab 172 fedallah !! come back , ye heathenish traitor ! damn you soul ! ( shout down ) starbuck ! hold fast there ! he climb down a rope by the strength of one arm and land into starbuck 's boat . starbuck do not have time to react . ahab plow forward to the bow on a nimble peg leg , push queequeg aside . ahab ( cont would ) row , ye blisterin ' fool ! pull with all you heart ! ishmael and the oarsman row energetically , the boat streaking out with stubb 's and flask 's boat . ext . indian ocean - day view from high above , the four tiny boat converge on the whale like ant to a mole hill . fedallah 's boat far in the lead . White , shrieking seabird materialize in the sky , circle chaotically around boat and whale . ext . starbuck's boat - day a mad race to get there first . rower work with mindless concentration , muscle and rhythm in sync , racing full speed ahead of stubb 's and flask 's boat . ahab exhort they from the bow , lean fiercely forward , look like mose on a Red Sea . ahab pull , pull , ye murderous rogue , dash on ! beach I on he white back ! do that for I ! ext . fedallah be boat - day Silent , powerful stroke . fedallah at the prow , harpoon ready . Dead ahead ... moby dick , swim at a free , unhurry pace . a magnificent sight . 173 the rower turn oar to flank he , draw closer . ext . indian ocean - day the white leviathan loom tall , as fedallah 's small boat streak alongside he fin . moby dick 's enormous tail smack the water as if in challenge , toss up wave ! ext . fedallah be boat - day the boat rock on the wave . steady and swift on the prow , fedallah launch he harpoon with superhuman strength -- into the massive white midsection ! a volcanic reaction ! giant fluke beat the water , a chaos of wave and foam ! the spout exhales angrily , as moby dick charge away full speed ! the harpoon line go taut -- the boat lurch forward ! fedallah grip the line with a spirite cackle , Arabs hang on for a rollercoaster ride . ext . indian ocean - day Towing fedallah 's boat , moby dick lift he huge tail and sound , seawater cascade from majestic fluke like a waterfall . down he go ! ext . fedallah be boat - day the harpoon line suddenly go slack . reacting curiously , fedallah search the water . no sign of he prey . a tense , shuddery beat . in b.g. , the other three boat close in around he . fedallah glance up at the rapacious flight of shrieking bird above he . then look forward ... with sudden horror ! ext . indian ocean - day 174 from he viewpoint , moby dick breach with a surge of colossal energy -- charge forward , directly toward we , he monstrous head split the water ! a terrifying image ! his giant , crooked jaw open to reveal huge , jag tooth ! ext . fedallah be boat - day fedallah , paralyze with awe . his Arabs leap up in terror and scramble for the side ... bear down relentlessly , moby dick 's immense head lurch up with gape jaw -- take the whole boat into he mouth and snap fedallah and the boat _in two with crush force ! ext . indian ocean - day with piece of wreck boat and human body still in he jaw , moby dick dive back into the deep ! stillness over the sea . only the scream of bird . ext . stubb' / flask's boat - day they boat rock in the wake of destruction , stubb and flask stare awestruck , speechless . the man look on in wondrous fear . ext . starbuck's boat - day starbuck be dumbstruck , like the rest . ishmael shut he eye , foreseeing he doom . queequeg gaze stoically , accept he . stun for a beat , ahab mutter a seaward growl : ahab go ! so ye have go before I , fedallah -- but no rope can smite I now ! i'1l slay that demon yet ! as if in reply , a deep rumble of bubbles rise in the water before they . moby dick breach mightily with a powerful geyser -- only twenty yard away ! 175 he glide past , he spray raining over the boat . starbuck God in heaven !! he and the other recoil in humble terror . ahab lean forward and shout with demonic triumph : ahab breach you last to the sun , moby Dick ! you hour ... ( brandish harpoon ) and these be at hand ! starbuck Captain , it 's not too late to stop this madness ! let 's turn back -- ahab be silent ! starbuck I cannot ! I be under order to obey you , not to die for ye ! ahab but I am under order ! I be the fate ' lieutenant ! pull on , man , burst in upon he ! pull ! pull ! queequeg pull hard , ishmael and the frighten oarsman pull to he beat . ext . indian ocean - day the chase be on again , building momentum . starbuck 's boat close in on the mountainous whale , stubb 's and flask 's boat right behind they . ext . starbuck's boat - day the boat pull close alongside , within twenty foot of moby dick . ahab steady , man , steady ... hanging over the prow , he harpoon ready , ahab be 176 close enough to strike . he see the small eye in moby dick 's titanic head and glower fiercely at it . ahab ( cont would ) accurse fish ! May black vomit wrench thee ... he raise the harpoon to strike , a mighty roar : ahab ( cont would ) from hell 's heart I stab at thee ! a powerful thrust -- the harpoon strike the side of the head , join other ancient spear ! moby dick turn , barely flinching , he dark eye face ahab . ahab raise and aim he second harpoon ... ahab ( cont would ) for hate 's sake I spit my last breath at thee !! another thrust ! the harpoon hit directly above the eye ! moby dick lunge forward , drag the boat full throttle ! Men tumble over each other . ahab hold onto the tight harpoon line , refuse to let go -- he 's wrench overboard ! ext . indian ocean - day dragge hard through the water , pelt by wave but hold on , ahab pull himself along the line toward the speed leviathan ! ext . whale body - day with a ghastly grin , ahab hoist himself up onto the white mountainside and climb up higher , use stick harpoon as rung ... toward the whale 's hump ! ext . starbuck's boat - day as the boat plow behind he , the rower watch in open-jaw amazement . starbuck stare , inspire by the heroic , horrific scene before he . ext . whale body - day ahab ride the whale , cling on , he foot and peg leg support by impale harpoon ! in the 177 rush chaos , they line flail around ahab 's leg and begin to entangle themselves around he thigh , up to he waist ... ahab yank out a ancient lance -- stab its sharp point downward into moby dick , again and again , laugh and shouting with hateful exhilaration ! moby dick submerges -- take ahab down with he ! ext . starbuck's boat - day starbuck leap forward to the bow and lean out , scream in despair ... starbuck my Captain ! ! ext . indian ocean - day from starbuck 's viewpoint : moby dick resurface , still drag the boat . fasten to the whale , dead ahab sprawl upright across he hump with a ravage face -- wrap up in coil and coil of harpoon rope ! his glaze eye wide open in fossilize fury , stare directly at we ! ext . starbuck's boat - day starbuck 's direful face fix on ahab . starbuck my Captain ...my Captain ... he suddenly turn with a savage heart , transformed , exhort the other with ahab 's own mighty rage : starbuck ( cont would ) come on , man ! let 's not let he die in vain ! let 's gash that whale 's heart -- let 's spill he gore !! seize hold of the taut line , he pull furiously to drag the boat closer to they prey . shout back : 178 starbuck ( cont would ) damn yer eye , pull ! pull ! queequeg grip a line and pull with he . caught up in starbuck 's fever , the other take the line . only ishmael hang back , too petrify to move . ext . stubb be boat - day witness the scene , stubb angrily toss he pipe into the sea and seize tashtego 's harpoon , brave as fearless fire , shouting at he oarsman : stubb Thunder away at he , lad , pull ! I will strike at ' im myself and send he to a fiery hell ! ext . flask's boat - day flask echoe stubb , inflame with passion . flask pull , dammit , pull ! death to moby Dick !! dagoo leap onto the prow with raise harpoon and a booming war cry . ext . indian ocean - day stubb 's and flask 's boat advance rapidly toward moby dick -- the giant whale head they way , drag starbuck 's boat behind he . ext . starbuck's boat - day starbuck and he man pull fiercely on the line , battle the racing tide , draw closer and closer to the whale 's stern ... twenty foot away ! queequeg leap to the bow . Fighting for balance , he raise and aim he harpoon ... 179 ext . indian ocean - day moby dick suddenly accelerate , drag the boat faster ! then raise he mammoth head high -- and dive straight down ! ext . starbuck's boat - day the boat lurch up over a wave -- queequeg tumble off the bow with he harpoon , ishmael spill out the stern ! airborn for a split second , the boat plunge downward ! starbuck scream before a wall of water rush up at he -- the last image he see ! ext . indian ocean - day starbuck 's boat plummet down into the deep with a violent splash -- disappear ! it 's over in second . ext . stubb be boat - day stubb have not time to react , as he look down over the bow : underwater , a massive white head breach up toward we from the depth with terrifying swiftness ! ext . indian ocean - day moby dick shoot straight up out of the water like a explosion -- lift stubb 's boat high , rupture it ! the boat splinter into piece , scatter wood and man far and wide ! plung back down with a huge splash , the whale wield its great tail over flask 's boat ... ext . flask's boat - day raise up , giant fluke crash down atop the men' head with sledgehammer power -- crush they , they scream cut short ! the tail smashes the boat to smithereen ! 180 ext . indian ocean - day nothing be leave of stubb , flask , they man or they boat but flotsam and float body . moby dick turn away from the carnage and plow he ominous way toward the ship itself . ishmael flounder in the choppy water , try to keep he head afloat . he see someone and swim desperately toward he ... queequeg drift , cling weakly to a float oar . the end of he harpoon jut oddly from the water . ishmael hold onto the oar , gasp , spitting water . ishmael queequeg ! hang on , mate ! you will be all right !... then he see the blood in the water : queequeg 's harpoon have impale one side of he waist from the fall . queequeg focus weakly on he friend 's face ... a glimmer of a smile . then he let go and sink . ishmael queequeg !! desperate to save he , ishmael dive ... ext . underwater - day queequeg sink fast , surrender to the depth . ishmael grip he arm to pull he up , queequeg 's great weight pull he down . queequeg yank ishmael 's hand free , force he to save himself . he disappear into the deep . ext . indian ocean - day ishmael surface , suck in air . he clutches the puny oar . and cry out in spiritual agony ! Far across the water , moby dick charge toward the pequod with renew fury ... then submerges . 181 ext . pequod ( at sea ) - middeck - day among the stunne shipboard crewmen , the cook look out over the faraway wreckage but see no sign of the whale . he turn to the main mast . the Spanish gold coin be still there , nail to the mast . eying it greedily , the cook glance around ... then take a kitchen knife and work at the coin to pry it loose . ext . indian ocean - day from a aerial view : the drift pequod . a half league out ... a immense , white underwater mass forges steadily toward the ship . ext . middeck - day at the mast , the cook unloosen the gold coin . he sense someone behind he and turn to see ... the grin carpenter 's face -- whack ! his hammer knock the cook out cold . a gleeful grin . carpenter that will shut you up ! take he place , the carpenter easily pries off the coin and hold it up with a thieve smile . he gaze at its golden glow , as ... ext . indian ocean - day moby dick 's white head surface and barrel through the water with a great thrust of he tail ! swim faster and faster toward the ship , a engine of destruction ... the whale collide head on into the pequod with the impact of a cannonball ! ext . middeck - day Quick devastation across the deck ! the carpenter topple back against the mast . rigging fall around he , kill dechhand ! 182 int . lower hold - day ton of seawater pour through the splinter hull ! int . captain be cabin - day terrify pip dash through the cabin and leap into ahab 's chest of peg leg . he shut the lid over himself to hide . ext . pequod ( at sea ) - day moby dick be giant tail sweep across the deck , he fluke toppling the pot on the light furnace ! spill whale oil ignites -- flame spread over the planking , set the deck on fire ! Burning oil pour down a open bow hatch into the barrel hold ... int . barrel hold - day flame light up the oil - flood floor , lick all around the oil cask ... kabloom ! ext . pequod ( at sea ) - day a explosive fireball consume the entire bow ! the middeck tilt askew . fire sweep aft and rage through the whole ship ! ext . indian ocean - day ishmael thrashes in the water , cling helplessly to the oar . in b.g. , the distant pequod burn and sink , flame and smoke roiling skyward . ext . middeck - day the ship go down . through the flame of the low-tilt deck , the dead carpenter hang from topple rigging , flat against the mast ... he arm spread out like a crucifixion . in he open hand , 183 the Spanish gold coin . ext . indian ocean - day ishmael struggle in the water , the lone survivor . in b.g. , the pequod 's burn bow sink from sight . ishmael look toward the horizon ... but the ship be go . nothing but black smoke and a empty sea . ishmael can not hold on much longer . his grip on the oar weaken ... out of the float wreckage , queequeg 's coffin pop up into view . ishmael swim toward it and hang on for bless life . ext . underwater - day the blue wilderness of the deep . a pale corpse sink down into we view ... ahab , coiled in rope , dislodge harpoon float around he . his dead eye open in cold , freeze rage ... as he descend to he watery grave . in b.g. , the great white whale streak by . ext . indian ocean - sunset a fiery sunset . alone amidst a endless seascape , ishmael lie in the float coffin . exhausted and parched , but alive . ishmael ( v.0 . ) save by my friend 's coffin , I drift on a soft , calm sea for two day and a night ... on the dimming horizon , the faraway sail of a ship drift into view . ishmael ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) on the evening of the second day , a whaling ship find I at last . it be the Rachel , still search for she lose son . instead , she find another orphan . 184 ext . indian ocean - day the unbounded sea . a thousand league of blue . on the calm , peaceful water , a swell of bubbles ... moby dick breach -- leaping skyward out of the sea in a triumphant arc ! the majestic white whale dive back down , he great fluke we last image . then he 's go . fade out . the end