moebius screenplay by Neil Cohen base on the short story " a Subway name moebius " by a.j. deutsch January 2007 Neil Cohen 1111 California Avenue Santa monica , California 310-245-6166 fade in : the rumble of thunder ... the screen a swirl of strange image as if we're in the vortex of a exploding quasar in deep space as bizarre splashes of shape and color overlap and fold into each other until - our sense recoil from a ear -splitting shriek of metal ripping metal and then ... a nearsight 9 - year old boy stop squinting , put on he thick glass , and thing come into focus as --- int . new york CITY subway train richie tupelo , private school blazer , move towards the light reflect off the dirty front window of the express curving through a underground tunnel . as he press he face to the shaking , rattling front window --- richie' Pov - - silvery track and dark tunnel wall hurl themselves at the train - green light all the way as the train rumble across a spiderweb of track and enter a even darker tunnel - a cheap thrill ride for any kid through a parallel dimension beneath the city street . reverse angle - richie at the window behind he the graffiti - splashed subway car be pack with man in power suit , woman with farah fawcett hair and leg warmer , and kid wear Air Jordan - it 's the 1980' . richie press closer to the dirt -smear window . we see : he hide a penknife - a private school punk - and be carve he initial into the shaking front door . form the " R " - the train shudder - the train screeching as he press down to form the " T '' . inside the motorman' compartment next to tupelo --- be the motorman : 32 , bushy moustache , big hair puffing out of he Transit Authority cap - watch he station - mark as he enter 42nd Street station and expertly slow the train , mate the front of the lead car with the end of the platform . the train stop . at that instant --- the motorman slam OPEN the compartment door - --- and launch out at richie --- motorman you little shit ! richie run for the now-opene passenger door --- but so many people be now flooding in that there 's no way out - the motorman get a finger on richie 's collar - but richie twist and break away - run through the crowd to the back door - the angry motorman in pursuit --- motorman ( cont 'd ) grab that private school son-of - a - bitch ! richie yank open the door that lead to the next car . between the car richie misstep , fall between the metal plate - terror ! - if the train 's move he leg be cut off now - he pull open the door to the next car , the motorman reach for he --- in the next car richie swat away the hand , dash off the train . int . 42nd STREET station richie rush upstairs . motorman do not follow . the conduct - — or signal from the middle car : we have a train to move ! int . the front car the motorman swing back behind the control . he ease the throttle , train move into the tunnel . the motorman glance at the fresh " rt " scar on he front door . as if to a girlfriend : motorman sorry . the camera pan from the " rt " graffiti to the motorman 's name tag : soljak . dissolve to : 20 year later ... close shot - a explosion of SPARKS --- as a welder connect two length of steel . the white - hot stream of light reflect off --- --- that same old soljak motorman 's name tag , pitte and brown with age - pin to the white shirt of --- michael soljak , he hair now short . no more moustache . he 's put on weight , but soljak be the blue collar guy who make good - have work he way up from motorman to the chief operation officer of the Brooklyn division . we be in a subway tunnel under construction --- jackhammer pound , worker shouting , rainbow of weld - ing spark - as soljak give a tour of this underworld to bob , a NY Post reporter --- soljak the o-line shuttle . 18 year in the make . a shuttle line tie together all the thread of all 842 mile of the New York City subway system . I be here when this tunnel be still bedrock . bob the reporter when will the final rail actually be connect together ? soljak you mean like " in the old day " in Utah ? ( mimic hammer a spike ) the celebration 's at City Hall tomorrow , Mayor 's gonna be there , gonna be some party . but the actual connection : later today . terrell wu , soljak 's assistant , interrupt . always interrupt : terrell Chief ---- soljak --- as long as I have no distraction . a civil engineer show soljak a blueprint . as he study it --- terrell you want I to notify you --- the other thing . soljak okay the blueprint . to Bob the reporter : soljak two o'clock this afternoon it 's finish . six o'clock tomorrow night - the party . soljak head for a work train . Terrell scramble after he : terrell you tell I to tell you --- you do not say you be go ! no Chief , no --- int . subway maintenance shop , brooklyn - day even louder noise . a train barn where subway car be repair , refitted , clean . soljak watch a line of older car be assemble into a train - car from the 1970 's and ' 80' . be this some sort of historic celebration train ? bumper slam together . coupler connect . a shop boss count off the car : shop boss six --- seven --- eight --- the shop boss look to soljak . no smile . shop boss understand . shop boss ( cont ’d ) I hate this part of the job . the shop boss smack the side of car # 8686 - the last car . shop boss ( cont ’d ) ( to mechanic ) cut it here . leave this one behind . mechanic but --- shop boss just do it . the mechanic uncouple the last car . shop boss to soljak : shop boss ( cont ’d ) want I to stash it somewhere ? Hell , I 'il even hitch it up and send it out for a last ride . soljak like that idea . the shop boss turn a key , the to the last car open . soljak climb up into car # 8686 . int . car # 8686 - day soljak peer into he old control compartment , touch crack leather seat , the old - style control throttles . soljak always so damn hot in here . hard to imagine I use to live in this box five day a week . door the shop boss guess you do not miss be a motorman . a low rumble , the rest of the train that be attach to # 8686 be move away . soljak drop the front window , watch the rest of he train disappear into a tunnel . something for - bode about this - its tail - end streak with tear of rust . soljak ( as the old train disappear ) running train , work in this cage , do I miss it ? --- everyday . then he notice a fade , almost - invisible scar in the front door 's steel : that initial --- " rt . " close shot - school blackboard - day a hand write the letter R - leave a space - write : T. fill in the rest : r-ichard t-upelo . pull back to reveal : medium shot —- richard tupelo ( r.t . ) - day richard tupelo be now a handsome 29 - year old teacher in blue blazer and polo shirt - with the same mischievous swagger , and that same style glass as when he be 9 . he face he class with confidence and ease . tupelo my name be Richard tupelo , and today you be go to forget everything you ever think you know --- int . the classroom - day reveal : no he 's not teach at Harvard , or at some small liberal art haven - he 's in the worst high school in the bronx : slacker , wannabe gangster , a smatter of tough albanian immigrant ... and that be the good kid . this be not honorable volunteer work . Richard tupelo do not want to be here . while soljak might be the work class guy who make good , tupelo be the rich kid whose life derail . tupelo ( cont ’d ) since I be just subbing today , and none of you will ever see I again , let 's all maybe try to have some fun . ( this get some attention -— some , very little , but some ) tell I one thing you have be teach this year that you do not believe . ( no one respond ) ( more ) tupelo ( cont ’d ) okay , I will tell you something I do not believe : I do not believe anything in this room be real . int . train tunnel - day that train of old rusted subway car pass from darkness into daylight . ext . brooklyn train yard —- day the old train move through acre of shiny new subway train be readied for they run . ext . barge pier - day the old train continue onto a barge wait at the pier , join dozen of other old subway car already pack onto the barge - and chain together . perhaps this venerable car be head for use in some other town . ext . east river - day tug pull the barge into New York Harbor : subway car float past Manhattan , past the statue of Liberty . int . high school classroom - day bam ! tupelo crash into a wall , bounce off , and then slam again against a wall - be he be beat up by the student ? reveal : he 's throw himself against the wall , again and again . this get a few kid ' attention . he give himself a rest : tupelo ( cont ’d ) okay , so , if you learn one thing in science learn this : everything in the world be make up of atom , tiny speck of matter that you can not see but which make up everything . albanian kid I do not understand . tupelo this wall be not really hard , it 's make up of trillion of float atom - and it 's not " hard " until I press against it - the atom in my body repell by the atom in the wall and if I press against this wall forever , imagine that , for the history of time --- ( keep push ) ( more ) tupelo ( cont 'd ) if I live forever and keep press against this wall there be a possibil - ity - of a moment - when the atom in the wall might suddenly randomly arrange themselves so I would go through the wall . could happen right now . or in a million year . might never happen . but it could happen . sharona like - you could walk through a wall ? tupelo yeah . but something really , really different would have to be happen at just that moment in the universe to set up that circumstance . jamal if you go through the wall would you be on the other side of the wall , or inside the wall ? tupelo good question . why be not you in some brainiac school instead of this dung-heap ? - and I be not joke . do not like to study ? jamal life be tough . tupelo well , kid , the second thing you need to learn be : as tough as you think you life be , for someone else it 's even worse . jamal ( ignore that ) if you go through the wall , what would it look like ? tupelo all I know be this : when we leave this room , pull down the blind , close the door , this classroom will not look like this classroom . this classroom , when no one 's in here , be a swirl cloud of atom that form this desk , this chair , this poster of Martin luther King , with color we eye can not process and shape you can not ( more ) tupelo ( cont 'd ) begin to imagine and that 's what this room really look like until someone open the door and look in - and in that instant the human eye and the human brain will turn this swirl cloud of electron - molecule - atom into what we think of as " real . " the kid be fascinate . here be a guy who be not scared , bored , or patronize to they . tupelo be a brilliant teacher . ext . atlantic ocean - day Beyond New York Harbor the barge stop . tug worker unhook the chain that secure the old subway car . the track plat - form tilt and one by one , each car pull the next car , the subway car plunge overboard - cry of metal , groan of steel as the old car be unceremoniously dumped into the sea ( note : this be actually how they get rid of old subway car ) undersea - atlantic ocean the drown subway car gasp and spit air as they sink to become part of a --- underwater reef of subway car a sad watery graveyard of forget history , silt and muck rise as each drown car settles among the other rusting , barnacle - cover hulk . one subway car come to rest with its front end to we . a iridescent glow - its front door , motorman 's window , headlight and identification plaque look like the face of a skull . bubbles rise from its " mouth " and " nostril . " it look --- very unhappy . ext . CITY playground - dekalb avenue , brooklyn - day someone else look very unhappy : renee tupelo , 29 - a nurse , very pretty in a vermont - montreal sort of way - tupelo 's wife . she watch mother push they child on the swing in a playground . a mother see Renee . wave hello . Renee back off , head across the street to Brooklyn Hospital . int . subway interchange , brooklyn - day soljak walk through a multi-level station . he love this grand mechanism : train on three level move in and out of tunnel and platform - like a giant clockwork at the heart of the city . soljak pause to watch - it 's as if he own this place - and through he eye --- we see what soljak know : electricity surging along the multiple track 's third rail the '' shoe '' underneath the train picking up the current and powering the train as --— signal light coordinate with switch --— — track switch shifting train across track crossover rodent -chewed , cloth -covered wiring from the 1930' connecting electric track sensor built in 1904 that trip ancient relay switch that illuminate tiny red light on metal track map from 1950 in grimy dispatch room - ---indicating that a train be passing through the system as steel wheel follow the track , and when the track curve ---— wheel flange touch the steel rail ( SPARKS fly ) --- --- cause that ear-splitt screech know to every one of the 2 billion subway rider in the world . angle on - soljak ( back to reality ) still amaze that this grand , decaye , complex machine work . int . classroom , the bronx - day tupelo own this classroom now - the kid gather around he as he demonstrate principle of perception with 3 cup and a ball - the classic street hustle , expert slight - of - hand --- tupelo which one 's the ball under . you see it under Cup # 1 - left-right , right to center , three cup - one have the ball - which one have the ball ? they be all convinced that --- the kide Left one ! this one ! number one ! tupelo lift cup # 1 : no ball . groan , laugh . he show the ball under Cup 3 , again move the cup around the table . 10 . tupelo we be all see the same thing right ? which one hide the ball ? the kid all yell , call out , point to different cup . jamal you get the ball in you hand . tupelo 's look : oh yeah ? he lift the first cup . no ball . put the cup back down . lift the second cup . no ball . lift the third cup . no ball . he open he hand : no ball . huh ? where 's the ball ? point to the first cup . tupelo it 's there . trust I . jamal lift that cup again : now there 's a ball there . tupelo ( cont 'd ) guess we do not all see the same thing . that 's the basis of rela - tivity : we relationship to and perception of what be happen define we sense of what be real . tupelo see past the group around he , notice a scrawny kid face down on a desk . the kid be wear a backpack cover with scribble note card . tupelo look to the class : tupelo ( cont ’d ) okay ---. what 's go on there ? albanian kid you wanna trip into never - neverland - that 's you tour guide . live in some other world already . kid laugh . tupelo move to the slump , apparently sleep figure , lean in close to read a card pin to the backpack : tupelo " credit report be good for 7 year true or false . " ( to the class ) I will take some help from anybody . jamal we call she tinkerbell . tupelo her ---? 11 . sharona teena something . that 's she real name . jamal write down crazy thing she read on wall , then clip them to herself . tupelo read other card clipped to tinkerbell : tupelo '' if you see something say something '' '' who will be miss Subway ? '' '' wonder bread '' '' Cry then Bell '' ( to jamal ) if I come in here with a forklift , pick up the desk and she on it , and dumped she in the middle of a museum I would get a " genius grant . " where 's she --- what 's she ---? sharona if we know that then she would not be call '' tinkerbell . '' tupelo but she 's definitely alive , right ? jamal shrug : maybe . tupelo move to touch tinkerbell . hesitates . look to jamal . jamal nod : it 's okay to touch . tupelo ( cont 'd ) kid --- ? tupelo gently touch tinkerbell 's sleeve --- a animal - like screech as tinkerbell instantly leap to her feet — scaring the hell out of tupelo - and US ! jamal roar with laughter , know this would happen . tinkerbell - blaze eye , face like a feral cat - hiss at tupelo : tinkerbell do not touch I !! and then : the CLASS buzzer ring ! tupelo jump ( so do we ) . tupelo grab he book , want out of here even faster than the student do . jamal cut he off . jamal you really believe any of what you tell we - that nothing be real ? 12 . tupelo ( on he way out ) thanks for you little joke . jamal c'mon , it be funny . look : she 's okay . tinkerbell do not look '' okay '' - glare at tupelo . jamal ( cont 'd ) be that true what you say ? tupelo next time you regular teacher cop a long weekend and they send I back here I will let you know . jamal ( genuinely scary ) we can make sure he never show up . tupelo who can resist the spirit of young mind eager for education ? they eye lock . now only tupelo and jamal be leave in the classroom - and tinkerbell , who move behind jamal , she protector . jamal touch tupelo 's sleeve . jamal answer I . I want to know . tupelo do I really believe everything we see be some form of illusion that we call reality , a illusion we may more accurately understand sometime in the future ? do I actually believe that --- ? the Big question . as tupelo lean close to answer --- int . subway - day a flash of power-energy-speed as the # 3 train rocket downtown . int . express train - day tupelo , rock with the rhythm , take this subway world for grant - believe it will get he home . steel screech , harsh sound - he ignore they . he look up at the subway ad : '' credit report be good for 7 year - true or false ? " 13 . hmm - tinker Bell 's quote . and below that ad , the ominous post - — 9 /11 police department sign now in every car : if you see something say something . the train speed through columbia university station . tupelo 's lip tighten - bad memory . the roaring subway SOUND become --- ext . brooklyn hospital —- day the wail of a ambulance - always some emergency in New York - but no one on the street react . exiting the hospital : Renee and two other nurse : she supervisor judy , and carla . Renee eye the playground , Judy pull she along with they . nurse judy we be go for a drink . and Renee , this time you be come . renee Fine . nurse judy I do not believe it : she say yes . renee but it better be a place fill with loud nasty drunk . nurse judy sorry - I never drink at home . they head for a local tavern . Renee slow , see : tupelo come up from a subway entrance . look for she . renee sorry girl , rain check , okay ? nurse judy you be ditching we for a guy ? carla do a husband count as a guy ? renee next time . I promise . the friend continue across the street , polite nod to tupelo - awkward moment , they know something . Renee smile at he , instinct - what a smile , then the smile disappear . cool : renee ( cont 'd ) this be a surprise . 14 . tupelo Nice surprise ? she put she finger to he lip : shh. something very deep go on here . he lock she finger with he finger , move it from he lip . give she a quick kiss . we notice they wedding ring - the identical simple band . tupelo ( cont ’d ) I have a very strange day . want to get some dinner ? renee let 's just go home . that okay ? ext . brooklyn esplanade - east river - day soljak , alone , on the promenade overlook the harbor , watch tugboat and barge return from the sea . the barge - once carry old subway car - be empty . int . subway platform - day Renee and tupelo wait for a train . quiet . a steady dripping from somewhere . he take she hand . she gaze at the track . a look as dark as when she be watch that kid in the park . bang ! bang ! boom ! - they both startle as a drummer seek dona - tion start pound out a loud beat on plastic water jug . tupelo put he arm around the edgy Renee . she rest she head on he shoulder . she fight back tear --- renee Richard --- he fear what might be come . she begin to speak , then - surprise - she pull he into a desperate kiss . whoosh-growl - a express roar through the station as --- int . tunnel construction zone - day soljak crunch blueprint , ready to explode : soljak what do you mean it 's not do ? I leave for two hour - it should have take ten minute ! terrell I begge you : do not leave . you leave , nothing go right . if you would stay --- 15 . soljak what be the problem ? civil engineer wrong joint be deliver . soljak then get the right joint . terrell it 's in Jersey City . soljak goddammit ! finish this now ! contractor ( take a step back ) can not get delivery ' till tonight and if I gotta keep a crew on , gonna cost --- soljak I do not care ! the Mayor 's fly back from China for this - and tomorrow be the best day of my life . if it 's not , it 's gonna be the worst day of yours . get that ? I have give 30 year to this system . this be my wife , my family , my life , and anyone who get in my way --- contractor okay ! it will get do . int . brooklyn apartment - night Renee pull on jeans . wash she face . look away from the mirror . sad - wish she be not . tupelo - they have just make love - watch she from the bed . Love . oldy on the radio . renee never tell I about you day . tupelo get to find something else to do . renee what about the thing in Vegas ? on the live room table : schematic drawing and a model of a car on a platform surround by shard of mirror . tupelo he just need the trick . do not need I to build it . 16 . renee still , you should go out there . tupelo he will invite we both out for the open . renee but you need a vacation --- ( softly , sweetly ) from I . tupelo , out of bed , wrap himself in the sheet , follow she into the live room . tupelo do not say that , please . renee how would you cousin ever get into magic ? we realize what he 's building be a miniature Vegas stage illusion . tupelo it 's not that different from physics . on the radio the go- go 's sing '' we lip be seal . '' tupelo and Renee glance at each other - some old joke between they - she can not stay sad . as the go- go 's sing they garble chorus ' we lip be seal ...’ Renee playfully sing misheard lyric : renee '' Alex the seal --- " tupelo see ? - my version be better . any - way , that 's what it sound like . the song keep play - brighten the room , and they --- renee be honest - you do not think that be the word . the song be '' we lip be seal " so it 's obvious --- tupelo obvious maybe to a girl . renee what would '' Alex the seal '' mean ? tupelo something very heavy , and very deep . 17 . renee ( jump and sing ) '' Alex the seal , Alex the seal '' --- her voice drift . tupelo sees in the mirror : Renee look across the apartment at a lock door . the sadness return . tupelo ( go to she ) we can not keep it close forever . renee it 's like it all never happen . tupelo let I - I can pack she thing . renee not yet . tupelo she have a beautiful life . she do . that should be the memory . Renee do not respond . go to the lock door . touches it . tupelo ( cont ’d ) let I take care of everything . while you be at work . renee I do not want that . not until you ---. tupelo what ? see thing you way ? renee she have a terrible life . just agree with I , okay ? I need that . tupelo we be allow to handle thing dif - ferently . renee I know . we handle thing differently - ( touch he shoulder ) --- and that 's what go to kill we . she go back into they bedroom . close that door . not a slam , just a very chill click . tupelo now leave alone . he look at that first door . camera move toward the dark 18 . keyhole , take we closer , closer - tension build and just when we could see through the hole and into the other side --- scream-screech-whoosh-growl ---— int . subway station - brooklyn - day --- a subway train blast out of a dark tunnel and roar into the station . tupelo and Renee dash down the step to catch it . int . old subway car - moving - day tupelo and Renee , stand in the noisy , surprisingly old subway car - seem neither sleep last night . it 's early , only a dozen other passengers be in they car include : a young exec read advertise Age ... a chinese kitchen worker ... a art student ... a red-haire model with no makeup read vogue ... a fat guy with court papers ... three scattered homeless guy ... and yet another subway drummer pound away on a plastic container . Renee 's tense . tupelo try to calm she : tupelo Alex the seal . she force a weak smile , remember something , check she bag . renee forget my key . tupelo I be just filing hour today , and send that design to my cousin . I will be home when you get home . something grab tupelo 's pant cuff . a rat ? - tupelo pull away - look down : it 's a little kid in a stroller . tupelo goof with the kid . the kid laugh . renee you would have be a great father . tupelo I be a great father . renee six week . tupelo for six week I be a great father . and maybe I will get another chance . 19 . renee just like that ? tupelo we can try . what he say burn she . he touch she , want she happy . instead : renee we need to be away from each other . tupelo Renee --- renee when the train stop I need to be alone . tupelo Renee --- renee get off the train or I will --- scream of steel wheel against steel track as the train enter the next station . conductor 's voice Bergen Street . next stop Atlantic Avenue . in the station train door open . mother with kid exit . tupelo get off . they be in the rear car . from the platform tupelo look back at Renee . she can not believe what just happen - now feel awful , reach she hand to he , truly love he , want he back , but --- conductor 's voice stand clear of the close door . train door slam shut . tupelo smack the door with he hand - want in . too late . train chunks , start to move . on the train - Renee rush to the rear window as the train pull away . on the platform - tupelo raise a hand to she when --- 20 . slam ! --- a rapid - FIRE collage of horrifying image : tupelo be hit hard from behind --- --- stumble forward and fall into the track pit tupelo crash down onto the track --- --- into the muck between steel rail - rat scurry as - someone run away - chase the train --- two cop leap the turnstile in pursuit , chase a young punk in a black jacket and backpack who leap onto the back of the rushing - away train -— latching onto the rear chain to hold on as --- renee - in the rear window react to see tupelo knock into the pit , then see a wild creature suddenly latched onto the train -— --- a psychotic young face fill the window : tinker Bell . the subway train — curve into the dark of the tunnel . the screech of scraping steel . in the track pit - tupelo - feel in the muck for he glass , find they - the third rail buzy with electricity - - the main rail beginning to vibrate - tupelo blink to get he bearing - be I alive ? be I dead ? - he glass filthy , he seem in some timeless other dimension of the city , when - -- he be thrust forward ! he legs and feet pulled through the muck as he 's grabbed by the cop and a fare clerk who pull he up out of the pit . a montage of disorienting face : cop 1 ( officer garrett ) you okay ? 21 . tupelo my wife 's on the train . be she ---? cop 2 get a look at who do it ? tupelo what happen ? officer garrett you get push onto the track . the next train roar into the station - at this hour train pull into station every minute . have tupelo stay in the pit he 's dead now . the cop 's on he intercom : officer garrett ( cont 'd ) stop the # 3 come into Atlantic Avenue - we get a code 2 - 40 riding the back ! on the train - moving - in the tunnel a flash of image as Renee and tinkerbell 's eye meet through the back door 's scratch glass . Renee see she bump tupelo onto the track - want to kill she - try to get at she - but the door be lock --- --- and tinkerbell 's face be now so vulnerable it break you heart --- and now Renee see she as a scared child hang onto the back of a speed train - now want to help --- but : a look of animal horror come over tinkerbell 's face as --- tinkerbell Pov : inside the speed subway car -— --- a tornado - like STORM of barely -imagined color and shape pour in from the forward car and be --- rushing toward US ---— --- towards the unaware Renee - be this real or some psychotic tinkerbell vision ? - the storm of frightening shape and color about to overtake Renee when --- int . atlantic avenue station —- day commuter wait impatiently for the # 3 train . hear the screech and roar as flange hit rail in the curving tunnel --- the rumble of the train bring some wait commuter closer to the edge of the platform while other back away and then --- 22 . whoosh -- a powerful STORM of wind --- blast through the station - pull newspaper out of hand , toss hat , send magazine from the news - kiosk fly --- and just as quickly disappear down the tunnel . lot of " what the fuck ---?-'s --- but before there 's a consensus of " what the fuck ? " do just happen - -- the next train pull into the station it 's rush hour - and people be late - so everyone on the platform just get on this next train - and this train leave - and the platform be now empty --- as cop rush down onto the platform -- — — --- to find : no train , no wait passenger , no tinkerbell , only a pakistani news - seller pick up the newspaper and lotto ticket blow from he kiosk by the mysterious gust of wind . int . tunnel construction site - day a searing blast of light . the contractor turn to soljak : contractor it 's do . soljak look over to worker make the final weld on the shuttle track . the station clock : 6:23 . a gruff whisper : soljak done . first time in 112 year : the entire tangle of the New York City Subway system be tie together --- soljak do not seem triumphant . more a " be that all there be ? " expression as he turn to Bob the reporter who hold out a digital recorder to capture soljak 's every word : soljak ( cont 'd ) --- all 25 different line , all 468 station , and now it 's all hook together in one big knot - and we do it . bravo . but if I ask for one more fire extinguisher or to change some wiring from 1930 I still need twenty page of paperwork . the people deserve better , the worker deserve better , and this old system deserve better . a hand grab Bob 's recording device , a hand that belong to 23 . michelle murphy , a hot-look 30ish corporate - type --- michelle murphy what the Chief of Operations , Brooklyn division - who be schedule to retire this week , I believe - mean to say be that when he start thing be very different - very simple - and now we be in the 21st century . ( take the reporter 's hand ) Michelle Murphy - mayor 's office . she take the digital recorder away from bob. Bob react . michelle murphy ( cont ’d ) do not you still want that interview with the Mayor on Thursday ? bob the reporter I never - I have a interview with the mayor ? ( like that ) let I show you how to erase that . as Bob the reporter erase soljak 's quote from the digital recorder , Terrell pull sojak aside : terrell uh Chief : we get a problem at Bergen Street Station . int . bergen STREET station - day the northbound platform and local track have be close . tupelo , emergency blanket over he shoulder , fumble with he cell phone as officer garrett question he . officer garrett you say you be a teacher - the creep who push you be a kid . any reason for a kid to push you ? tupelo , somewhat in shock , ignore that , he mind elsewhere : tupelo I have a little fight with my wife , get off the train , then I try to get back on and next thing I be --- I need to call she - tell she I be okay - she must have get off at the next stop - can you call she ? 24 . officer garrett no , but if she get off at Atlantic she 'il be back here in a minute . but the kid who push you --- ( read he note ) --- ' bout this high , maybe 15 - grab a can of yellow spray paint out of a hardware store on Bergen street , we be chase she , jump the turnstile --- tupelo so you be chase he ? he be not try to kill I . he bump I ? it be a accident ? officer garrett not '' he '' - '' she . '' tupelo her ? officer garrett and she jacket and backpack : cover - ed with all kind of crazy weird note . can you help I out here ? tupelo tinkerbell ? Officer garrett smile politely . ems guy arrive with mo kit , pull on glove . ems dude this the guy ? Sir , look into this light . can you tell I you name ? tupelo Richard tupelo . a southbound train blast in from the opposite direction . stop across the track at the opposite platform . tupelo stand . see people get off . train leave . no Renee . officer garrett maybe she do not see what happen . tupelo can someone take I to the Hospital Center ? she work there . 25 . ems dude ( to the cop ) all right with you , we do here ? officer garrett yeah , what the hell , the guy 's half wacko , can not tell we any - thing , besides --- ( point to surveillance cam ) we get it all on tape . the southbound roar out of the station - become a smear of light and color disappear into the tunnel darkness . int . pediatrics ward , brooklyn hospital CENTER - day where Renee work . busy , under-staffed , and supervisor nurse Judy have lose she patience with tupelo . tupelo I call home , she 's not there . call she mother , not there . nurse judy for the third time , Richard , she 's not here - and whatever you two need to work out , I understand , but I be none too happy that she have not show up for work . okay ? tupelo ( spot the friend ) carla - do you see she ? you take the same train , right ? carla I come in early today . nurse judy Richard , she be not here ! we be not hide she . and you look like shit - go get yourself clean ! ems dude Mr. tupelo , you need to come with we . on the marker board that list nurse work this shift Renee 's name be be erase . as her name disappear --- quick intercut : int . manhattan ad agency - day a messenger leave document on the desk of a empty cubicle , 26 . the exec who should be here have not show for work . no biggie . int . chinese restaurant - day the owner be scream in chinese , point to a sink fill with pot . we only understand : '' no dishwasher . '' int . art school CLASS - day student at work at they easel . one easel be empty . teacher where 's Claire ? New boyfriend ? int . brooklyn traffic court - day pack , hellish . the judge move through case quickly . judge mister mizrahi not with we this morning ? judgement against he . next case --- int . fashion shoot - day two model - one blonde , one Black - and one craze photographer . photographer she always late ! I do not need she . get I a redhead . any redhead ext . 34 th STREET post office - day one homeless guy bark at another who hold a donation sign . homeless guy where 's slim ? this be he spot . throughout a CITY of ten million --- several dozen random people at random location be miss , absent , or late . but no reason for panic . yet . int . bergen STREET station - day cop , transit official and investigator , reporter , a guy on a ladder take down a surveillance camera . soljak look to heaven ( a drippy ceiling ) , he voice loud enough for everyone to hear : soljak May we re-open this station ? I have be re-rout train for two hour which which have back up ( more ) 27 . soljak ( cont 'd ) my system for five hour . read the sign , people : stay back from the track ! so some jerk can not read , fall in , and then he climb out - so nothing happen ! detective maraschino attempt murder . he be push . soljak if he be push find who push he . you get all you new tv camera so go watch tv . let I get this system back on schedule . somebody . please . no one want to make a decision . until she appear : michelle murphy let 's get this station re-opene . officer garrett ( explain to the detective ) Mayor 's director of Operations , and campaign director --- a lotta juice . soljak thank you , Michelle . she nod like a queen , tap she watch : michelle murphy the mayor 's plane land in four hour and we have a very important evening so let 's not have any more screw up . be that clear Mr. soljak ? soljak I do not fall on the track . michelle murphy you be start to look like you do . get some sleep . go home . soljak this be my home . michelle murphy not for long , but if you want that big cushy consultant job when you retire make sure nothing else get in the way today . she march away . Terrell whisper to soljak : 28 . terrell you need to pay attention to what I have be try to tell you , Chief - and please do not yell at I . soljak then do not tell I thing that be insane . what do you mean a # 3 be miss ? Terrell , be very precise : define the word " miss . int . brooklyn subway tunnel - day a gloomy spiderweb of track and tunnel , one of that spot where several thread of the system connect . two subway maintenance worker - hard hat and orange stipe vest - be repair a light signal . Left and right of they subway train , SPARKS flying , roar past they in several direction . this guy barely notice - it 's where they work . maintenance guy four-hour work order here and it turn out we just have to change a bulb . jimmy the helper so we take the rest of the day off ? maintenance guy no . we do not take the rest of the day off . and next time you come to work stinking of beer I be write you up . get I a # 28 bulb . Jimmy the helper head down the track to a work kit . he stop . sense something . the switch that run parallel to the track be start to click . he turn to he boss . jimmy the helper uh , this track be shut down now , right ? maintenance guy get I the bulb ! jimmy the helper boss - the switch be flick . maintenance guy what 's wrong with you ? the track 's shut down , its be down for 2 hour . jimmy the helper check this out , boss . it 's hum . 29 . the maintenance guy , now even more annoyed , step down from he ladder onto the track bed . see - hear - the action of the pre-1940 's switch click along the track . snap he walkie-talkie off he belt . suddenly - behind he --- the signal BOX he be working on --- explode ! shower he with spark . he wince , look at the box , look at Jimmy the helper . maintenance guy that 's not possible . the power be off . all around they train --- --- keep screeching in and out of tunnel on the criss -— crossing and parallel web of track --- as the maintenance guy bark into he walkie-talkie : maintenance guy ( cont ’d ) Jackson ! track 18 dekalb Avenue be shut down , right ? ( a garble of static ) Fucking equipment ! Jackson ! maintenance guy and he helper can feel the power surging through the stretch of track they stand on --- switch flicking faster --- --- signal light snapping on -and -off like strobe : red -yellow-green --— --- red -yellow -green --- from the dark tunnel of track 18 --- they ( and we ) feel the power of a oncoming train --- --- they look to each other - there 's no train there - but the rumbling throb of power grow closer , louder - the screech ! - and they feel a on - rushing surge of AIR pressure --- maintenance guy ( cont ’d ) what the --- get off the track --- get off the track !!! jimmy the helper dive to the right as --- the maintenance guy leap to the left --- --- onto the empty track 19 ---- 30 . where he be instantly smashed / crushed by a express train --- --- powering around the curve of track 19 angle on : jimmy the helper Wide -ey horror as he see the screeching express tearing he boss to shred --- --- and then Jimmy feel a powerful current of tornado - wind flying past he --- --- disappear into the darkness - and then all that strobing signal light on track 18 instantly go dark . the click of signal stop . the tunnel fall silent --- except for Jimmy the helper 's scream ! ext . atlantic ocean floor - the subway reef - day a deep , angry undersea sound . the drown old subway car shift and settle among the debris of a hundred year of discard car , tugboat , machine and technology . ext . playground - hospital CENTER , brooklyn - day by now the subway world should seem the norm with it 's dark tunnel and tile passageway light by yellow and florescent light - and the world above the subway - the surface world -— should seem almost too bright , too crisp , almost surreal . tupelo exit the hospital . see the playground . head for it , catch the eye of a mother push she kid on a swing . mother hey it 's you . how 's Renee ? tupelo it 's tough , you know . have she be around ? I know she come here . mother I see she . I do not think she should come here though . tupelo when have you see she ? today ? mother yesterday . tupelo what about today ? this morning ? 31 . no luck . then : siren grab he attention . ems and police car converge on one of the several downtown Brooklyn subway entrance . tupelo sense trouble , move quickly across gridlock traffic to --- int . subway station - day where the worker be hit by the train . now crawl with investigator . tupelo charge downstairs , be stop by a cop . cop Station 's close . tupelo what 's go on ? cop please go back upstairs . now soljak and Terrell charge downstairs , pass they . tupelo hear soljak would soljak first a guy on the track , a train miss , now this ? why today ? this be my day . tupelo ( follow they ) I be the guy who fall on the track . this morning . at Bergen Street . like to strangle tupelo . soljak you look fine , get yourself a drink . tupelo which train be miss ? the # 3 , this morning ? my wife be on that train and she 's miss too . she 's miss and now the train 's miss - ing ? what the hell 's go on ? soljak I just get here , pal . there 's be a accident - nothing to do with the # 3 train . if you would give my associate a number where you can be reach I will have someone call you . tupelo what 's that mean : '' miss train '' ? 32 . soljak it 's not actually --- it 's a cler - ical error . we have be re-directing train all morning . thanks to you . tupelo but where be it ? sojak , lose patience , point to the iconic NYC Subway map : soljak Sir , we get a close system - we do not connect to amtrak or the Long Island railroad - so we train be not in the hampton for the weekend , it 's not on its way to Cleveland - it 's in the city somewhere so the farther it get from the point it leave from the sooner it 's gonna come back . it 's in the system , okay ? - and whatever passen - ger be on it this morning be long go and off on they merry way . tupelo you mean the passenger might have be dumped somewhere ? soljak see : the mangle body be remove from the track . cop surround the horror-stricken Jimmy the helper . then --- the SOUND of a oncoming train - the screech ! --— everyone shiver . Jimmy press back against the wall . terror . soljak head towards the action , bark --- soljak I think this track be shut down ! the rumble get louder . louder . louder ---- soljak ( cont 'd ) everybody off the track ! what the ---!? worker and ems guy scramble onto the platform . as --- whoosh ---- a power rush through the CENTER track , kick up wind that send trash fly . but the ( 0.s. ) noise be clearly from the unseen level below , but as the noise pass --- 33 . in the CENTER track --- a strange metallic shimmer in the air - that just as quickly disappear . all eye turn to soljak . Quick answer : soljak pressure from the irt , or maybe the F train - right beneath we - kick up the steel dust - happen . ( to Terrell ) go downstairs and find out what train just pass , how fast it be go , and why . as Terrell head for the staircase down to the lower level --- tupelo ( to soljak ) that train that 's miss , that my wife be on . any contact with the conductor , the motorman ? soljak ( to anyone ) I think this guy be go . tupelo you never take my phone number . remem - ber ? you be go to call I . soljak somebody take he phone number and get he out of here --- ( look around ) where 's Terrell ? staircase to lower level Terrell , charge downstairs , run into a angry transit worker rush upstairs --- transit worker what the hell 's go on up there ? we just get a shower of plaster and asbestos raining down on we head ! terrell we get nothing upstairs ! what just blast through down here ? 34 . transit worker down here ? nothing ! just a blast of wind and that train upstairs that must have be do like 80 ! terrell but there be no train up there ! it be down here ! they exchange look . upstair --- tupelo give he number to soljak . take a card from soljak . soljak when you hear from she , and you will , call I . now you have to leave . officer garrett ( see tupelo ) you be back again ? soljak please make he leave . Officer garrett escort tupelo to the stair . tupelo see a clock : 9:30 a.m . to the cop : tupelo Officer , help I . my wife 's be miss for like three hour and --- officer garrett we can not do anything for 24 hour . a child - you could report it now , but she 's a adult - gotta wait . trust I : she ’1ll show up . tupelo take a last glance around the station , look across the four set of track , and freeze --- sees : on the opposite platform across the track --- --- in the shadow , watch , listen : tinkerbell ( she no longer have she note- cover backpack ) . she see tupelo see she , squirrel away into darkness . tupelo yell : tupelo stop ! that 's she ! soljak , everyone hear - turn - this be good news --- 35 . soljak you wife ? you see you wife ? tupelo no . not my wife --- ( point , but no one 's there ) tinkerbell ! soljak '' tinkerbell '' !!?? get that maniac out of here ! and keep he out ! the cop hustle tupelo up towards the street , but now he do not have to prod he , tupelo push away and race two step at a time up to --- ext . brooklyn intersection - day busy , noisy , chaotic , ambulance , police car , tv news van --- normal New York . yellow caution tape now close off two subway entrance . tupelo look leave , right - subway entrance for eight different route at every corner of five converge street . but no tinkerbell . Officer garrett catch up : officer garrett the kid who push you - you see she ?! as the cop call for backup --- tupelo sees tinkerbell --- --- just a glimpse , rush down into a different station across the avenue . tupelo want to follow , but the cop have he arm . officer garrett ( cont 'd ) I need a detailed description . tupelo let I go , I will catch she . she be on that train ! let I talk to she . I will find out --- officer garrett that 's we job , not yours . tupelo do not want to lose tinkerbell , break away from the cop and charge across the street --- officer garrett ( cont 'd ) hey ! stop ! get back here ! --- tupelo dodging car until --- 36 . tupelo collide with a taxi --- --- go down hard , roll , get back up - hand bruise , cheek cut - race down into a subway entrance that lead to int . hoyt STREET station --- platform and tunnel that be completely separate from where the accident take place . tupelo swipe he metrocard at the turnstile - do not register - swipe it again --- here come a train into the station --- --- and there 's tinkerbell , pace , skittish - train stop , door open , she get on , but --- tupelo' entry card doesn't work --- --- he yell into the noise --- tupelo hold that train ! --- and here come the cop ! tupelo leap the turnstile , rush for the train --- a teenager hold the door open --- tupelo get in . train door close --- train start to move --- --- the cop chase but it 's too late --- inside the moving train tupelo see the cop point to the train as it pull away . the teenager size up tupelo : teenager Nice . tupelo move forward through the train to find tinkerbell . get to the door to the next car . pull the handle . lock . see through the window into the next car . crowd . tupelo spot tinkerbell . he ready to make he move as the train pull into the next station tupelo go to the exit door , nervous energy . train stop . Doors open . he burst out onto --- 37 . the station platform tupelo see tinkerbell dash downstairs to a connect line . tupelo push through the crowd to catch she , and the way he look - cut , bruise - people get out of he way . he reach the lower platform as a train pull into the station . people pour out onto the platform . tinkerbell get on at the front . door close -— --- but tupelo force he way in - two car behind she . on the train - moving that sign : if you see something say something . black , whites , Indians , mexican , Jews , chinese - all watch tupelo . conductor 's voice next stop Manhattan , whitehall Street . tupelo go to the subway map beside the door , the car rock side - to-side as he trace the yellow - color route with he bloody finger - it connect to the red-color line to the bronx at 42nd Street . he know where she 's head . tupelo push forward through the other rider to the front of the sway car , pull open the door , step forward --- tupelo - between the car - moving --- hold he balance as the train rocket through the long curving Montague Street East River Subway tunnel . tupelo look down at the connect step -plate - saw at each other . he reach across the step -plate , pull the door latch to the next car . click . it 's lock . the door behind he slam shut - --- now he 's between car . he muscle the forward door - but it will not open . he start to retreat back when --- 38 . a screech of metal --- --- as the train curve and brake apply , SPARKS flying as the train squeal - steel wheel jamming , the train jerking --- the momentum carrying tupelo forward --- --- between the car , slamm tupelo into the forward door , he leg slip between the step -plate - he pull he leg up - the plate slam together as --- the train grind to a stop - tupelo fall to the side into the chain guard , drop he glass , catch they , put they on --- he lense fogged from the humidity --- --- everything a strange blur as he reach back to the door that open , can not find the handle , get it , pull - open , he stumble into the car , wipe he glass , find : in the stall subway train --- people be pick themselves off the ground , cursing , find - ing they spill belonging when --- the generator shut down --- --- air conditioning stop . groans from the rider . then : flick -flick -flick ---- --- one - by- one the light go out in the train plunging all the car into darkness . cry , more curse . tupelo 's eye adjust to the glow of reflect signal light from outside the train : smear of red , yellow , green on the filthy window --- --- they be stall in a tunnel , this be as bad as it get . usually . but now it get worse --- there be a steady dripping SOUND now --- --- on the roof of the train from the tunnel ceiling , then --- a surge of power shake the train - --- a horrible wrenching SOUND and --- the door on both side of the subway train --— 39 . all suddenly OPEN ! --- --- people who be lean on the door tumble towards darkness , other catch they , pull they back , people crush - ing closer into the center of the car which be now like a open aluminum can stall in the dark tunnel --- panic in the train - - a fevere announcement from the conductor be so garble with static that it only create more panic . and then , from somewhere at the back of the train : " you hear that ? " - " shh " - " shut up ! " - --- the frighten rider fall into a nervous silence - in the dark , wide - open train the rider strain to hear a deep bass note - then they hear the distant SOUND of : a ( 0.s. ) oncoming train --- come from somewhere deep in the tunnel , come closer , on the same track . Wild panic . tupelo look out the back door --- --- a distant swirl glow , something be come --- the oncoming subway SOUND getting louder , AIR pressure build ---— tupelo down ! everyone down on the floor ! --- SOUND coming closer - the screech ! --- but instead of the smash / impact of a train wreck --- the train be hit by a searing tornado of hot wind --- that blast right through the stall train as if a invisible train be slice through this dimension --- a swirling windstorm of power , a vortex of pure ENERGY --- --- aglow with hot steel dust - tearing clothing , cracking glass , slamming people to the floor , wall , and into each other as it sweep through each car of the train . and then --- silence --- the sparkling steel dust become blacken soot . the door all slam shut again --- the light crackle back on . people cry , bleed , then --- jolt ! - 40 . the train start moving , limp forward and crawl into the whitehall Street station . int . whitehall STREET station , manhattan - day Doors of the batter train open , people flee for the exit , collapse on the platform , the totally - freak conductor bark : conductor this train be now out of service ! angle on - tupelo in the crowd , look for tinkerbell . she 's go . but he see : in the tunnel far past the platform - --- a haze of steel dust create a shimmer negative - image of the old subway car that pass through this space . make he skin crawl . the image settles into soot and evaporate . from deep in the tunnel --- --- that deep bass note echoe - move on . in a dark safety niche in the wall of the tunnel tinkerbell also hear the sound . fear . she scribbles on a scrap of paper the number she see on the phantom train : 8686 . int . subway - division office , brooklyn - day a grimy glass - in underground office that look out at a network of subway track . soljak be interrogate Jimmy , the drunk guy who be work with the kill electrician . soljak so , you feel " a wind --- jimmy and the signal light start flash , and the relay --- soljak but the current be turn off . jimmy on we track , yeah , and then --- Jimmy start sobbing . soljak be disgust : 41 . soljak you get a good man kill . soljak grab a phone from Terrell . ext . van cortland tower , the bronx - day twenty mile away - last stop for the # 3 train . here the subway be elevate . a tower - a old cottage make of wood and steel - look over the station and street below . Tower control - ler morrisey ( jamaican , same age as soljak ) be on the phone : morrisey mister soljak . hear you be call - ing it quit . so where to now ? Florida ? gonna visit the bronx to say goodbye ? or be you too busy with the mayor ? int . subway division office , brooklyn - day soljak step onto the platform to take the call . soljak hold the joke . you report a # 3 never get there ? morrisey the one that leave New lot yard at 5:52 , suppose to get in at 7:12 --- ( check he thick paperwork ) that one never show . soljak what do you mean it never show ? morrisey it never come in . but everything 's screw up here with that schmuck you have on the track in Brooklyn . ( get paperwork from a assistant ; to soljak : ) here : I get the # 3 that leave at 5:40 come in at 7 . the 6 a.m. come in at 7:15 . everything else come and go and they should all be back in Brooklyn by now or on they way back here again , but I get nothing on the 5:52 - sure it leave the yard this morning ? 42 . soljak I call the yard . it leave the yard . and the bad news be the operator and conductor be malik and rodriquez , the King and Queen of fuck-up . of course they be not answer they phone --- ( to Terrell ) find malick and rodriguez . now . soljak turn to find : Michelle . she give soljak the " come here " finger . soljak get off the phone . michelle murphy we be cancel that thing tonight . soljak my thing ? no ! the shuttle 's con - nected . the Mayor 's shuttle . food be come . the balloon be ready . I will get everything straighten out . the shuttle 's connect and --- michelle murphy and a man get rip to piece . soljak that have nothing to do with we , I . that accident be he mistake . worker make mistake . michelle murphy hear what happen at whitehall Street ? wait ' till the Mayor get off he plane and hear about that . soljak look to Terrell : what 's she talk about ? Terrell have no idea . michelle murphy ( cont ’d ) I could not begin to explain it , but it 's not good . a soljak look --- and Terrell 's on the phone to get detail . michelle murphy ( cont ’d ) and now I understand a train be '' miss '' ? soljak '' miss '' ? who say ? we be trace that unit . jeez , the rumor --- 43 . michelle murphy someone name tupelo 's be call every city office - '' my wife be on that train and now she 's miss . '' soljak Michelle , on a slow day we get a hundred call about miss people . and when we start hold train for investigation , like this , well --- in tunnel throughout brooklyn --- --- train fill with passenger sit stall in darkness . soljak ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) --- every fifteen minute we back up nine other train - so a stall train mean like eight thousand people --- on station platform throughout brooklyn --- --- crowd wait for train grow larger --- be gonna be late , lose , or whatever , time every 15 minute until we get we schedule back --- in office , class , restaurant , courtroom --- --- empty chair , miss people late for date --- --- which at this point could be four or five hour --- random friend and boss and lover be annoyed , indifferent , or worried . some make call . int . division office platform —- day soljak --- so we be gonna get a lot of phone call from a lot of nut . michelle murphy this nut be Richard tupelo , a assistant professor of physics at Columbia University . I check . soljak the guy be yell that he be chase '' tinkerbell '' ! so what if he 's a teacher ? he 's a nut ! 44 , here come Bob the reporter . Michelle lift she hand : stop . she dictate the party line , want to control this story : michelle murphy a city worker - we be check he blood alcohol level - get careless and be hit by a train . that 's worth a inch on page 17 - if you want that exclusive interview . bob the reporter what about whitehall Street ? michelle murphy do you want a stall train story or do you want the mayor ? Bob the reporter want the mayor . he back off . michelle murphy ( cont ’d ) ( to soljak , whisper ) I still do not understand how a train disappear . soljak stop use that word . all morning we be detour unit , people throw incorrect switch and Brooklyn train wind up somewhere in queen or the bronx - and then the people who screw up turn off they phone and try to cover they mistake ; it happen . so let 's not create a panic when there 's no reason for panic . michelle murphy how many people on a average train ? soljak on that one we be talk a # 3 at Bergen Street - before rush hour - that 's a 6 - car train - maybe 12 - 15 rider in each car - 90 people . michelle murphy that 's a relief : on the day the Mayor 's open a new subway line only 90 people be miss . 45 . soljak no : one person - no , one person who say one person be miss . Michelle , we be in the process of locating we motorman and conductor . they be not we best employee . I be sorry . michelle murphy not good enough . you will now take I to the place that show where all the train be and I want to talk to that people in that room . soljak oh : you mean the NASA room ---? michelle murphy be that what they call it ? int . a high tech room see in extremely crisp , bright antiseptic detail --- --- fill with row of earnest technician --- soljak ( v.0o . ) the room with the big computer screen like a air traffic control place , the central command where every one of we 6,200 car be a blink light with a number that tell you where every train be at any give moment on we 842 mile of interconnect line - so we can simply find the train . be that where you want I to take you ? int . platform outside the canal ST . interlock tower Michelle Murphy nod : yes ! soljak smile sourly : soljak that room , Michelle , do not exist . in the mind of every passenger , every cop , every person like you that room 's in they fantasy im - agination . but we do not have any room like that . we have this --- 46 . point to the crowded , dank room beside they , in a tunnel , with a board display a localize section of track and uniform little red light with no marking . soljak ( cont 'd ) --- and a dozen more just like it . some even have a big map of the whole subway system . but even there we have no way of know which train that light repre - send . we just know that each red light be a train - but which train ? that 's anyone 's guess . michelle murphy ( that sink feel ) there 's no master computer ? soljak well , we sometimes have guy post in the tunnel with clipboard to mark off the train as they pass . City budget be what it be we be in the 12th century down here and that 's why we sometimes misplace thing . but we always do find they . besides , I do not know that there even be a miss train --- soljak think fast , do not want this blow out of proportion , do not want he day ruin : soljak ( cont 'd ) that guy who fall on the track , that teacher - I be with he and he see someone who be on that train , see she a hour ago . michelle murphy he do ? well where be he ? soljak ( fish out tupelo 's phone number ) I get he number . michelle murphy I want to see he . get he here . soljak turn to find Terrell . soljak give he the number . 47 . soljak find this nut . and Terrell : between Bergen Street and boro Hall , who 's on clipboard ? terrell ( ashen -face ) we need to get to whitehall Street . ext . bronx high school - day noon . jamal and some friend bounce out of the side exit . tupelo wait , adrenaline pump . jamal it 's mister unreal . ( poke he ) you real today ? tupelo ( push away jamal 's hand ) where 's you friend tinkerbell ? jamal react , see the bruise on tupelo 's face . jamal what she do to you ? tupelo we run into each other this morning - and she almost kill I . jamal not she . she 's into that peace shit . tupelo do not seem so peaceful to I . look , my wife 's miss and the last person to see she be you friend . jamal '' friend '' ? who say she 's my --- tupelo tinkerbell 's in trouble . Big trouble . jamal motion he friend : keep go without I . jamal what ? she steal some spray paint ? 48 . tupelo the police want she for attempt murder - attempt to murder I . but I need to ask she some que - — tion before the cop get to she - and before she disappear . jamal like ask she what ? tupelo ( snap at he ) I be talk , you be listen . this be you fault and you be gonna help I . she knock I on the track . I figure it be a accident , but maybe she follow I ' cause I '' touch '' she - in which case I be blame you , you be involved now . jamal I !? it be a joke . leave I out of this . tupelo she hit I , she jump on a train - and now that train be miss , and my wife - who be on that train - be go . but tinkerbell 's not miss - I see she - and I need to ask she exactly what happen and you be go to help I find she . jamal but she 's not around today . tupelo where be she ? where 's she live ? be smart . make I you friend . jamal what do I get out of this ? tupelo stare at jamal : how do I reach this kid ? then : tupelo I can read you . okay ? I know what you be think . so here 's the deal : if I can read you mind you help I . if I can not --- I give you a hundred buck . 49 . jamal wha -? get away from I . tupelo you scared ? why ? if I lose you get a hundred dollar . jamal go ahead . try. read my mind . tupelo pull out a twenty dollar bill , write something on it , stuff it in jamal 's shirt pocket . tupelo okay , look I in the eye . pay attention . what 's 5 + 5 ? jamal shit man . tupelo answer I : what be 5 + 5 ? jamal ten . tupelo 8 + 2 , c'mon fast . jamal ten . tupelo 7 + 3 ? faster . jamal ten . tupelo 6 + 4 ? jamal ten ! tupelo 4 + 6 --- jamal ten. 50 . tupelo 3 +7 --- jamal ten . tupelo 2 + 8 --- jamal ten ! ten ! ten ! tupelo name a vegetable . jamal uh , uh --- carrot . tupelo take that twenty out and see what I write on it . jamal pull out the bill , unfold it . it say : carrot jamal shit ! how the hell do you ---!!? " 7 tupelo grab jamal by the sleeve and start walk he . tupelo i’1l tell you after we find she . keep the twenty . let 's go . int . whitehall STREET station , manhattan - day control chaos . soljak and cop huddle around the operator of the train hit by the storm of energy . people get first aid , inspector take statement . transit official compare note : transit official sixty -five people take to the hospital , sixty treat here and release , and I guess we be look - ing at about five hundred lawsuit . transit lawyer Subway door open in a tunnel --- this lead the evening news . when the mayor land - we be screw . electrical engineer climb from the track pit . 51 . electrical engineer ( to soljak ) every relay 's fry all the way back to Court Street . and get this : there 's a section of rail turn black . what the hell 's that mean ? soljak I need to take a look at that . terrell ( tug at soljak ) they finally send the tape over . soljak what tape ? terrell Bergen Street . soljak ( to the engineer ) gimme a minute . int . whitehall interlock control room - day a surprisingly primitive room at the end of a underground platform - tiny light on a map show a local section of track . soljak , cop , and of official watch a portable monitor connect to a out - of - date digital video player . on the monitor ( 6:20 a.m . ) a train pull into a station - we see : tupelo and Renee rush onto the platform , get on the last car of the train . soljak okay , that 's Grand Army Plaza . of official why the hell 's that old car hook on it ? I think we junked all of that . soljak say nothing as on the monitor : the train with car # 8686 at the rear pull out of the station . of technician now the next station , Bergen Street . the image switch to the bergen STREET station ( 6:23 a.m . ) - train pull into station . tupelo step out . tupelo react to 52 . Renee - start to get back on . Doors close . he pound the door . train move on . tupelo leave behind . Renee go to the back window . bang ! --- --- tupelo be hit , fall into the track pit as tinkerbell chase the train and leap on to the last car and the train disappear into the tunnel . cop pull tupelo from the track . soljak ( to the technician ) go to Atlantic Avenue - next stop . the technician hesitates , look to the of official . then : technician we do not have camera there . soljak what !? officer garrett only half the station have camera . soljak no camera at Atlantic Avenue ? transit official not yet . soljak Atlantic Avenue with nine connect - ing line --- and no camera ? be this possible !? you be get rid of half my ticket clerk who watch everything before you have camera in all the station !? terrell ( want to calm the boss ) what 's the next station with a camera ? technician dekalb Avenue . soljak go to dekalb - at what time Terrell ? terrell train leave Bergen Street at 6:23 , should pull into dekalb at 6:38 . 53 . monitor view : dekalb station - the time code read 6:36 . people begin to crowd onto the platform . at 6:38 - no train . rapt attention in the control room as they see the platform get more crowded . on the monitor : 6:39 . the technician fast forward - 6:40 . 6:43 . 6:49 --- technician nothing arrive until 6:52 - and it 's a different train . soljak ( control fury ) great . terrific . Fine . so a train leave Bergen Street and - what ? - evaporate ? get on a boat and go to the Bahamas ? shut down the whole tunnel from Bergen Street to dekalb . transit official there go we rush hour . soljak let ‘em walk . maybe they will appre - ciate what we do down here . I be gonna walk . yeah . I be gonna walk that tunnel , personally , and I be gonna find out what the --- suddenly : the voice of --- michelle murphy Mr. soljak , may I speak to you alone for a moment ? this be not good . they step out of the crowded control room . soljak go ahead . cancel the party . early retirement . as of tonight I quit . michelle murphy I try to cancel it , now I can not . ( off soljak 's reaction ) the mayor call from he plane - look down at America he call I , and insist on this party --- to show strength and confidence , ' cause he 's hear you entire goddamn subway 's fall apart ! soljak it 's always fall apart 54 . michelle murphy well fix it before he get here ! ( then a strange smirk ) uh , find that man you be look for ? Columbia University ? Professor ? the science guy ? soljak not my priority right now . michelle murphy make it you priority . cop be just at he apartment --- int . brooklyn apartment - day Officer garrett and a detective look around the place , see the mirror , the model car . as they move around the model reflect in the mirror - the car disappear . michelle murphy ( v.o. ) seem he 's also some kind of magician . and he do have a wife who seem to have vanish . cop be look for he now . and something else about he --- the detective break through the lock bedroom door . flick on the light . we do not see what he see , but he expression be raw . int . subway dispatch platform - day Michelle press soljak : michelle murphy ( cont ’d ) we might have a psycho on we hand . you say you have he phone number . where be he ? int . subway tunnel - day Three set of parallel track through a dark drip tunnel . we hear that deep bass note - make we skin crawl . switch and light signal in the center track begin to shift and strobe . the miss train be here - invisible - pull energy from the system . we see the glow , hear the growl of a very real oncoming train round a curve on the side track . now we be ---— 55 . inside the motorman 's compartment - motorman 's Pov ease the throttle to control the speed as he take the curve - the life of five hundred passenger in he hand - the ribbon of glow track head towards a station . he hear - above the rattle and noise in he compartment - that deep bass note from somewhere . int . subway tunnel - day the '' phantom '' train 's track begin to shudder - rail glowing with a surge of energy - the glow jumping onto the track of the pass real train - transfer energy - and control . int . subway - motorman 's Pov - speed through a tunnel , it 's as if we 're drive the train as it enter the station . the platform overcrowded . the motorman play the brake - need 110 yard to stop - people push close to the edge - from the motorman 's Pov we see the inherent danger . suddenly --- a little girl dart out toward the edge . motorman press the brake hard . it 's locked - will not move --- motorman blast he horn . someone grab the kid before the train slam she . brake now engage - the motorman slam the throttle - wheel screeching - stop the train two car past the end of the platform . we see the motorman 's face : he 's freak . we be freak . now we be all on edge as --- that STORM of power flash past the train and continue deeper into the tunnel . int . atlantic avenue subway platform , brooklyn - day in the grip of chaos , crowded - confuse people try to hear a announcement that hint at the density of action here : station announcement all D train have be take out of service , transfer to the q. the 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 on the lower level and the m and N will be use the B and R plat - form and all F , a , and C train in both direction have be divert to the central platform track . 56 . close shot - a finger ---— --- on the large subway wall map trace the route of the # 3 - the red line - as it move down from the bronx and Manhattan into Brooklyn until it reach --- on the map —- brooklyn : the boro hall -atlantic -dekalb vortex a overlay of 9 station where every subway line converge : orange , red , green , blue , yellow , brown - the entire spectrum as if laid out by a shattered prism through which every train in the system eventually pass . the finger belong to --- jamal we be here . '' the power Spot '' she call it . C ’mon , let 's go --- I want to know about that carrot . int . the boro hall -atlantic -dekalb vortex - day as jamal lead tupelo through the multi-level labyrinth of staircase , tunnel , and passageway , the ballet of people move up - down - across - — and -around seem like a m.c. escher drawing of interlocked motion and connection . on the move : jamal so how would you do it ? tupelo it be easy . jamal if it 's so easy why can not you read my mind and know where she be right now ? tupelo do not get cute . that be not the bet , that be not we deal . jamal but how have you do it ? tell I . tupelo the minute we find she . they move past a row of subway shop - shoe repair , key , pizza - a radio blare '' we lip be seal '' - drown out by a subway screech ! - and a dark bass note from some deep subterranean place . tupelo wince . jamal keep they move . jamal so how have you know she be the one ? tupelo grab 57 . tupelo tinkerbell ? jamal no man , you wife . how have you know she be the one for you ? tupelo I just feel it . I just know . jamal '' just know '' - you get to do better than that , man . be it what ? - she look ? Way she kiss you ? gimme some direction here . shit , you have make some lousy father . jamal , slam he into the wall . jamal react - innocent - it be a joke . tupelo 's face : twisted . tupelo ease tupelo nod , jamal ( cont 'd ) chill man . be the grown-up . what ? off . then calmly give the answer : tupelo it be the way she look , and the way she look at I , and the way she would say thing , and what thing bother she , and what thing do not bother she , and --- she be great to kiss and we be just - we be a great team . jamal '' be , '' '' be , '' '' use to , '' what 's all the past tense ? you over it ? tupelo we have get some problem now . but you do not quit on someone cause you have problem . you try to fix thing , try to get thing right again . you try to get thing back . jamal hope it work out . for real . smile at this kid , then something catch he eye on the wall just beyond jamal 's shoulder --- 58 . the NYC subway wall map - close shot —- downtown brooklyn --- where all the subway line converge into what look like a hopelessly knotted web of multi - colored string . tupelo sees some pattern in the map , some pattern in that string converge in Brooklyn , some pattern he 's try to read , formulate , comprehend . he mutter : tupelo never see it like this . this look --- it 's just like a he dig into he pocket , find the card soljak give he , move to find a weak cell phone signal . Bangs out soljak 's number . ext . downtown brooklyn - day soljak on the street , move , take the staticky call . soljak who 's this ? int . atlantic STREET station - day tupelo cover he ear , cup the cell phone : tupelo the guy who get push on the track . find that train yet ? intercut STREET and subway -— --- both noisy as hell --- soljak no . you get it ? tupelo what kind of stupid question be that ? you think I ---? so you can not find it , huh ? well , I be look at a map here --- soljak where be you Mr. tupelo ? tupelo do you know what a moebius Strip be ? tell I about this morning . 59 . soljak first you tell I : where be you ? int . atlantic STREET station —- day tupelo sense trouble . end the call . stare at the map of knotted line in Brooklyn . jamal grab he arm . jamal this be not the art museum . you want tinkerbell ? come on ! int . bergen STREET station - day soljak push he way downstairs to the station and tunnel where the train disappear . as transit worker put up barrier --- station announcement this station have be close . we apologize for the inconvenience . --- a throng of angry commuter exit upstairs - some people bark , other make it easy - intertwined human behavior - but soljak be not part of this people - world and we realize , even in the crowd , how deeply alone he be . a transit worker wear - ing safety gear , with clipboard ( clipboard man ) , meet he . clipboard man ever wonder where they be all go ? soljak no . I be just suppose to get they there . let 's do this . int . in the bergen -atlantic avenue tunnel soljak and clipboard man - reflective vest , flashlight - walk the dark one - track tunnel . if a train come , no escape . but this track be shut . we hope . a half - mile of signal light warn : stop . a dark world of strange noise , trash , and rat . soljak a train enter this tunnel . no evidence it come out . Magic , huh ? clipboard man test a smile - see that soljak be not joke . clipboard man there be no switch until the next stop , sir . train go in here , only thing that could happen be --- 60 . soljak yeah ? beat . clipboard man I do not know . each step deeper into the tunnel echoe louder . now between the track : burnt rat . clipboard man look back towards the light of Bergen Street Station - a quarter mile away . it 's a quarter mile further to Atlantic Avenue Station . they be in the middle . clipboard man be already jittery , then : soljak stop . clipboard man ( want to run away ) you hear something ? soljak give I you light . soljak shine both light on the rail . a section of rail be a dense jet black . clipboard man never see that before . you ? soljak have - but do not answer . he move closer to the blacken rail . careful . bend to touch it , wipe the soot - the steel itself have turn black . clipboard man ( cont ’d ) what 's it mean ? soljak finger to lip : shh . a throb in the tunnel . tension . clipboard man ( cont ’d ) ( voice shaky ) uh , sir --- Chief --- over there --- soljak aim the light further down the track . soljak do not move . soljak step forward . stops. see : 61. tinkerbell 's backpack in the muck between the track . cover with scribble note . look like a bomb . clipboard man ( back away ) do not touch it . could be ---. soljak know it mean something , but not a bomb . still : soljak slap yourself and calm down . we have to follow protocol - call the cop and the FBI . you be in charge here now . clipboard man I ? what be you gonna do ? soljak cancel a party . int . downtown brooklyn subway station - day lowest level . jamal and tupelo . alone . Signs : if you see something say something . there be rusted door on the platform wall , so rusted you would pass they without notice . but one be freshly spray- paint yellow . jamal that 's she . jamal go to the yellow - spray lock . have a key . tupelo where would you get that ? jamal I look out for she sometimes . the lock click . jamal pull the creaky door open . it 's a dark , drippy , rust - streak entrance to a chilly underworld that lead down to a hum realm beneath the subway . jamal ( cont 'd ) she say this lead to hell . still want to find you wife ? ext . downtown brooklyn - day bomb squad van scream and push through the traffic . cop and transit worker evacuate the station . News and police heli - 62 . copter overhead . Chaos verge on panic . and now it 's stare to rain . camera find : soljak - alone in the crowd - keep something to himself . tv newswoman the discovery of a suspicious device on the track have shut down all subway line in Brooklyn . Police can not say when the station will be re-opene , but investigator - — -- nothing soljak can do here - get in a wait car drive by Terrell . Terrell put a red light on top and kick the siren . int . physics lab —- columbia universtiy , manhattan - day outside the window : siren scream through traffic . inside : soljak and Terrell with department head professor wilkie . formulas cover the wall . soljak be shocked as he repeat what wilkie just say : soljak you mean we have be try to find this guy and now you tell I he 's not some kind of professor here ? wilkie not anymore . we lose '' artie . '' bril - liant student , but --- soljak artie ? I be look for Richard tupelo . who 's '' artie 's ? wilkie that 's what we call he : '' R -t '' - Richard tupelo - he initial . soljak ( to Terrell ) who say he be a teacher here ? terrell Michelle Murphy . soljak motion Terrell : we be in the wrong place . wilkie he once teach here . I understand he still be a teacher - a substi - tute teacher , in the bronx --- substitute teacher ? it 's migraine time for soljak . 63 . soljak look , we have get a train miss , he may be involved , and we need to find he . where do we look ? wilkie artie 's have a tough run , but I can not imagine --- soljak '' tough run '' - what 's that mean ? wilkie he lose a baby - staph infection - no one 's fault , she go so quick , it just happen --- int . tupelo and renee 's apartment - earlier today the cop push into the lock bedroom --- baby clothes , a bassinet , change table , toy and doll - all toss into a angry , ugly pile in the middle of the floor wilkie ( v.o . ) --- and I hear he marriage ---. int . the lab - day wilkie and he be one of my brightest . sadly what he choose to work on be a mistake . soljak I be almost afraid to ask . wilkie explain by draw a single line across a chalkboard . wilkie this be the electromagnetic spectrum : this area - radio wave , radar , infra - red , X -ray , gamma ray - nothing we can see --- only this very small part of the wave band , here , in the middle , just this fraction of the spectrum be what we can see with we eye - but all the rest , even if we can not see it - it all exist . but we only see this tiny piece of we world . soljak yeah I get it . I work with engineer . I be not a idiot . so what ? 64 . wilkie the invisible spectrum . very exciting field . only he take thing too far . soljak : which mean ? wilkie make a dot far to the right : wilkie ( cont 'd ) out here be electromagnetic wave with stupendously high frequency . he feel , and teach , that out here the speed of light be not absolute , that pulse of energy could travel faster than light . I warn he it be laughable , but he persist . I have to ask he to leave . the ( o.s. ) rumble of the subway that run beneath the university . that sound shake we up . now it also shake up soljak . he pull Terrell to the exit --- soljak thanks for the class . wilkie of course now it seem he be right . soljak about what ? wilkie we be only just develop the tool to prove it but now we know that a pulse of light shot into a strand of optical fiber can depart before it even enter , indeed faster than the speed of light - it 's now part of we science . I have always want to apologize to '' r-t '' --- soljak squint , wilkie press on : wilkie ( cont 'd ) --- you see , he know it : if anything be faster than light , imagine the possibility of perception , dimen - sion , and what might be happen , right now , all around we and right beneath we foot . int . dark stairway deep in the subway dripping with stalagmite and lace with a spiderweb of siz - 65 . zling , hiss wire cover with smoking wet rag , wall crawl with bug , sound of scurrying rat as tupelo and jamal make they way down the rotted staircase , emerge in --- int . the old myrtle STREET station —- brooklyn a dark , haunt place with it 's sign fall down , pothole on the platform , and crack tile on the wall - one of the dozen gloomy , abandon New York subway station . tupelo myrtle Street . damn - this be a stop when I be a kid . rain drizzle down from the track ceiling . light flicker . the effect be a twinkling strobe -effect that play with we sense of depth , space , and reality . as tupelo 's eye focus they come to rest on a old rusted plaque on the wall : the sup rvisor for this station be crythen bell tupelo ( cont ’d ) ( remember ---) '' Cry then Bell '' --- that be one of she note . she life here ? jamal hide out from the world . tupelo but then she go to school ? jamal hot meal for free . guess she like other kid . but this be she place . tupelo where ? jamal right there --- tupelo 's breath catch . twenty step away a pile of rag and cardboard on a break subway bench camouflage a fragile human : tinkerbell . jamal repeat what tupelo sneer at he : jamal ( cont 'd ) thing you need to learn be : '' as tough as you think you life be , for someone else it 's even worse . '' 66 . tupelo ( chasten ) she have any family ? jamal oh , she have people --- ( shake he head , disgust ) that 's why she 's down here . tinkerbell whisper -- she fury and bravado go - a frighten kid : tinkerbell help I . tupelo kneel beside she . tupelo I want to . but first I need you to help I . she try to make herself smaller . cover the grimy wall behind she she 's create a collage of old and new find expression : who will be miss subways ? - if you see some - thing say something - hand off unless authorized - and : '' 8686 '' - stick to the wall with tape and gum . tupelo ( cont ’d ) '' who will be miss subways '' ? --- that 's from like fifty year ago , where do you see that ? tinkerbell sometimes my head feel sick and I see thing . but this morning , it be the worst --- like what you say : close off a room and inside , no one 's look , it 's all crazy , right ? well sometimes , what you say no one can see - well , some - time , I can . tupelo ( this be huge for he ) you can ? really ? what 's it like ? she look to jamal - can I trust he ? jamal nod . tinkerbell everything move real fast , but soft , like cloud of color , like ( more ) 67 . tinkerbell ( cont 'd ) the whole world be melting - then it go away . when I tell people about it they all wanna lock I up , they think I be crazy . be I ? tupelo test touch she shoulder . she do not pull away , but she hand be clutch tightly inside she coat . gently : tupelo what you see - do not be scared of it . it 's a gift , a wonderful power that I think we be all bear with and then we forget : the world as it be - a accurate vision of light and form and color . it 's what baby see when they first open they eye - before they be train to just see the world as this --- he motion to the world around they : filth , grease , darkness . tupelo ( cont 'd ) what do you see this morning ? her voice be even , soft , but she eye be pure terror : tinkerbell I be run , they be chase I , so I jump --- bam !!!!}! --- we be back in the bergen STREET station at 6:23 a.m. tinkerbell have just leapt off the platform --- --- and caught onto the back of the moving train as tinkerbell grip the greasy , swinging , clatter guard chain and pull herself up onto the sway foot plate - grime and dust swirl --- tinkerbell ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I see this lady 's face , she look like she hate I --- Renee be press to the window , terror , fury --- tupelo ( v.o. ) that be my wife , she have just see you push I onto the track . Renee start bang on the window of the lock rear door - all the anger and sadness and disappointment and pain of 68 . she life now focus on tinkerbell --- tinkerbell ( v.o . ) --- but then she look at I --- Renee - she eye lock on tinkerbell - see a frighten teenager - and Renee 's face take on a almost - angelic glow . --- like she care about I --- Renee 's fist open , she palm to the window , try to comfort this frighten child . a powerful moment : Renee as strength , hope , promise , and pure love - the Renee that tupelo love --- tinkerbell ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) --- but behind she --- we see : the oncoming STORM . Renee be frame in its halo , and just as it reach she --- CUT to : int . the old myrtle STREET station --- tinkerbell fall silent . do not want to remember . tupelo touch she cheek . she continue : tinkerbell I do not know the word - it be come right at I and then the train be go and the lady be go and just before it get to I I just let go and I fall on the track and --- ( cry like a little kid ) I hurt myself . tupelo put he arm around she as if she be he own child . he move the rag from she clasped hand . her palm and wrist be a horrible stew of bruise , cut , filth , wet and dry blood from when she fall . jamal aw --- tink ---. tupelo hug she closer - father of the year . tupelo we need to get you clean and fix . tinkerbell no . no doctor . jamal start she motion : platform , on 69 . tupelo you will lose you hand . jamal ( first time : fear ) you get to let he help . he 's okay . tinkerbell but it 's all go . I think it be just that thing I see but then people be look for it and they say the train be go so it really do happen , right ? tupelo yes . it do . the train disappear . to joke , see tupelo be serious . tinkerbell I think I know why it happen . jamal we get to get she to a doctor . tupelo that 'il be you job . I x11 tell you who to take she to . after. ( to tinkerbell ) what make it happen ? tinkerbell that lady who do not hate I --- promise I you 's 1ll save she . tupelo that 's why I be here . follow I . she lead they towards the end of the the old subway bench we see a mark of vandalism on the wood - fade carve initial : '' rt '' . at the end of the platform : tinker Bell pull open a sheet of corrugate tin that lead to --- the '' bench-wall '' — - a narrow ledge right above the track that hug the wall of tunnel and lead to secret room and stairway to even deeper depth . as they follow tinkerbell along the slippery ledge it seem they be alone in the center of the earth . then they hear : 70 . a strange chorus of chirping - tupelo : huh ? he peer into a tiny portal , see a hide room that sound like it 's filled with deranged cricket . this be --- a relay room --— --- a tarp - cover , rag-filled , spiderweb of wire that hide a crucial part of the subway 's nervous system , yet also one of the most ancient - '' relay '' be small switch flick on and off , a technology in use since the subway open in 1904 . tinkerbell try to explain : tinkerbell whenever train go by they always start click back and forth --- tupleo some kind of electromagnets . ( see the cloth - cover wire lead out of the room ) must be connect to the track some - where , and when a train pass --- ( figure ) it short the circuit . which would let the system know a train be there --- or not . ( astonished : ) that be not even plastic , they be bakelite , from the 30s , and all that wire - all wrap in cloth ! jeez , pure entropy . jamal what 's that mean ? tupelo want to keep move , no time to explain . jamal hold he , always want answer . so : int . subway car - flashback - day tupelo and renee - press together in a crowded , move , subway car - they hold each other , the moment they be most in love --- tupelo ( v.o . ) it mean that anything complex and interconnected --- camera edge back : renee be pregnant - this be a happier time for they , a time of hope and promise , they seem to glow --- 71 . tupelo ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) --- unless you keep it right --- flashback : tupelo and renee kiss . tupelo ( cont ’d ) will always break down . instant pullback from inside the train and --- we be in a subway tunnel ( flashback continue ) as --- the train sweep past our view : renee and tupelo , glowing in each other' love , become a smear of steel , flesh , and light . tupelo ( v.o. ) and when it do start break down --- close shot - the train 's underbelly and the track blue SPARKS as the speed train 's '' shoe '' scrape the third rail - pick up the current that power the train . tupelo ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) --- you might never know how the problem get start . instantly we be transported --— — --- into a small , hyper - clean unreal white room with one simple relay switch atop a metal table . tupelo ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) like : if this room be empty , any - thing change - like a piece of paper near a wire - you would see it . a crumble piece of paper now appear --- too close to a expose wire - ready to spark . easy to see . easy to fix . tupelo ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) but if that same room be --- that hyper -clean room again become the reality : the SMALL filthy relay room --- tupelo ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) --- a maze of distraction crowded with rag and wire - with water drip and spark fly - you would never see the trouble --- --- that shred of paper about to catch fire can no longer 72 . even be see . ext . helicopter Pov - new york CITY thousands of street and building , bridge and highway move ten million people - a organism of complex and infinite connection , now fall into chaos and crisis --- tupelo ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) --- and when all that little trouble and problem cause the whole system to fail - no one would ever know why . the helicopter - '' CITY of new york '' logo --- - land . Michelle anxiously wait on the helipad tarmac to greet --- the mayor . we return to : int . the depth of the subway system — tupelo , tinkerbell , and jamal stand on the slippery benchwall above the track , peer into the mess that be relay room 243 . tupelo how many room like this ? tinkerbell Whole city . in all the tunnel . everywhere . c’mere , get worse --- she motion to the slimiest , rustiest , most corrode metal door see yet - no doubt the passage to some even more horrid , dungeon - like mystery . tupelo take a deep breath , then nod : open it . she push open the filthy portal --- angle on - tupelo - --- what he see take he breath away . he sees : int . the new myrtle STREET shuttle station a pure white , antiseptically clean , shine subway station - something we never even imagined could exist --- like a space station with electronic sign and shiny set of track , even the tunnel lead in and out of this station be spotless . it 's like some imaginary wonder - world , but this place be real . tinkerbell ( give she the creep ) they just make it . for the o line . from somewhere far above they can hear / feel the rumbling of 73 . train , water main , power line , and a city of ten million people - but down here it 's like a beautiful , lifeless tomb . tinkerbell ( cont ’d ) like a year ago they start fix this place up --- and that 's when the crazy thing start to happen . tupelo go to a backlit 8ft-high subway map set in the wall . tupelo where be we now ? tinkerbell right here --- she point to that '' power Spot '' confluence of connection in Brooklyn , but now there 's a new mark on this map : the '' o line shuttle , '' a silver line that sweep through Brooklyn 's knot of multi - color transit line and continue through to queen , the bronx , Manhattan , and back to Brooklyn --- tie all the strand of the system together . angle on - tupelo he be mystify , incredulous , half elate , half horrify : tupelo this be so sick . jamal and tinkerbell what !? tupelo point to the subway map on the wall : tupelo you see this new line ? you see what happen here ? they have no idea , but --- I be right - it 's real --- they have create a moebius Strip ! b-ring ! - b-ring ! ---- they startle --- huh ? - it 's tupelo 's cell phone . tupelo ( cont ’d ) this work ---? we be five level down into bedrock . how 's this ---? 74 . jamal look : cell phone booster build right into the wall . cool . tupelo look at he ringing phone : tupelo 27 miss call and message --- ( he answer the income call ) hello --- ? tupelo have to move the phone from he ear --- soljak ( on the phone , bellowing ) where the hell you be !? tupelo ah , my new friend . soljak ( on the phone ) so tupelo , this some kind of prank ? tupelo screw you , my wife 's on that train . soljak tell I this be a joke . some magic shit - smoke and mirror . tupelo Goodbye . soljak ( on the phone ) do not hang up ! --- ext . on the STREET —- day gridlock , siren , crowd , cop , bomb squad , news , FBI , heli - copter overhead , - soljak - pace , on the phone - be watch the world as he and we know it fall apart . soljak be you play game with I ? tupelo ( on phone ) what happen at 6:23 this morning that never happen before ? 75 . soljak 6:23 ---? where be you ? tupelo ( on phone ) in the myrtle Street Station . soljak the old station ?! tupelo ( on phone ) no . the new station . soljak the shuttle ? you can not be in that station . it 's all lock up . tupelo ( on phone ) and yet , here I be . what happen today at 6:23 a.m ? soljak what do you care ? what 's that get to do with --- tupelo hey pal , you would not be call I unless you could not call anyone else . you know something 's wrong . what happen this morning at 6:23 ?! soljak the shuttle happen . we finally connect the last track of the shuttle . int . the new station - day tupelo , speak to soljak , trace the shuttle line on the map . tupelo and at that moment every subway line in the city be turn into one giant endless loop ? soljak ( phone ) yeah . 6:23 . first time ever . what 's that get to do with the number 3 go awol ? tupelo maybe everything . soljak , be that train really miss ? 76 . ext . on the STREET - day tightly - wound soljak respond quietly : soljak we have comb every inch of track in the city --- ( hate to admit : ) yes . it 's go . int the new station - day tupelo 's eye focus on the ominously - glow subway map , and the power Spot in Brooklyn where all the line converge . tupelo then every train be in danger now . and the one that 's miss --- if you want it back then get down here . alone . no cop . get that ? get down here . and I will find it . tupelo disconnect . to jamal : tupelo ( cont ’d ) take she to Brooklyn Hospital . go up to the fifth floor , find nurse Judy , and tell they tinkerbell be Renee 's niece . jamal who 's Renee ? tupelo my wife . she 's a nurse there and they 'il do anything for she . ( to tinkerbell ) she be the lady on the train . tinkerbell do I have to be she niece ? can I be she kid ? can she be my mother ? tupelo she 's not ready for that . jamal what be you gonna do ? tupelo Force that train back to where it escape from , even if I have to shut down the whole city . 77 . jamal they will not let you do that . tupelo they will have to . now get she to the doctor , get out of here ! jamal pull tupelo aside , concerned , whisper : jamal if the cop grab tink 's --- gimme you phone number . tupelo scribbles the number --- push jamal to go . jamal and tinkerbell head towards the secret exit . tupelo glance once more at the map and its jumble of knotted line in Brooklyn . tupelo wait ! tinker --- '' teena '' - right ? -- - all that little papers you cut up and write on --- you get a piece of paper for I ? she nod , find in she pocket a sheet of paper . tupelo ( cont ’d ) and a scissors . tinkerbell scissor ? no - I get this --- a razor . tupelo Fine . and some tape . and a pen ! jamal you gonna get you train back with a razor blade , paper and a pen ? tinerbell have tape and a marker . tupelo kiss she forehead . tupelo good kid . both of you . now get to the hospital . move ! jamal will not move : jamal how would you know I would say '' carrot '' ? 78 . tupelo it be just a trick . Dumb trick . get go . jamal but how have you do it ? you say you would tell I . tupelo ( exasperate , but have to tell he : ) ask anyone a series of fast simple question - 2+8 , 3 +7 , 5 +5 , 6 +4 - that stop they think - then ask they to name a vegetable . most people will say '' carrot . '' it 's a fact . now get out of here . go ! ext . CITY street a tv news reporter give she live report stand in front of crowd , cop , and bomb squad van . new reporter a child 's backpack on the track be all it take to shut down the subway at rush hour . but in today 's world most would agree it 's better to be safe than sorry . the good news : all subway line be again in operation . still , with the system just get back underway , expect delay that will inconvenience million of New yorker for several more hour . better cancel that dinner plan - everyone be go to be late ! angle on - soljak leave Transit Authority hq in a car drive by Terrell , instantly stick in traffic between bus , news van , and a sea of pedestrian . in the car : soljak look out at he world in collapse . Terrell feed soljak even more problem : terrell she keep call : she 's with the mayor and she 's look for you and she 's really piss . soljak damn this traffic ! do something ! soljak , frustrated , bolt out of the car . 79 . terrell no Chief . do not . do not leave I ! soljak hurry to a subway entrance - but someone grab he : michelle murphy answer you phone when I call you ! the mayor will be at this new City Hall Station of yours in 20 minute . be there to meet he : 6 p.m . he will speak to the press about im - prove safety - the shuttle will be he example . there will be no discussion of miss train . under - stand ? and put on a clean shirt . and I assume you find that train ? soljak I be on my way to get it right now . soljak dash down into the subway . int . vacuum car - subway tunnel soljak have commandeer a specialize , hot -yellow , eight - ton vacuum car - a futuristic-looking machine that clean the track of the subway and the only thing now run on the new shuttle line . its powerful overhead beam illuminate the rail and tunnel ahead . from the wide front window it 's a almost - magical view of the underworld of the city . soljak ( to the vac- car operator ) anything special to run it ? the operator - it 's a woman - shrug : not really . soljak ( cont 'd ) wanna let I try ? I use to do this . and today might be my last day down here . operator ( know she should not , but ) take the control . the operator slide out of she seat and let soljak take over - soljak like a kid with a new set of toy train . he give the vac-car some power - it hum down the track . soljak yeah . nothing special - just the best job in the world . 80 . int . the new shuttle station tupelo sit on a shiny plastic bench cut a 2 - inch wide , 10 - inch long strip of paper . a rumble from far down the tunnel . he tense - a powerful beam of light wash the station . and then it arrive , the strangest look machine he 's ever see . soljak step out onto the platform , the vacuum - car continue on . soljak appraise tupelo --- soljak substitute teacher . magician . and now : cut paper doll . ( can not believe this ) I be in you hand . tupelo you ever hear of a moebius Strip ? soljak squint . tupelo show he the strip of paper . sound like a magician : tupelo ( cont 'd ) two side , right ? if I make it into a loop I have a outside and a inside . but , if instead of attach the end as a loop I put a twist in the strip , and then attach the end , what we have get be what 's call --- he twist the strip of paper and attaches the opposite end , seal they with the tape --- tupelo ( cont ’d ) a moebius Strip --- look like a twisted figure eight . soljak yeah --- and ? tupelo now , if I take this marker and draw a line down the middle of the strip , look what happen --- tupelo draw a line down the length of the twisted paper coil ; as he follow the architecture of the coil the line 81 . come back to where it start have inscribe both side of the strip . soljak take sokjak grab tupelo ( cont ’d ) I never lift the pen . so , we have a strip of paper with two side that now have only one side . right ? so what happen to the other side ? do not guess . as simple as it seem , this be a profound mystery . you see , when any system make more and more connection to other part of itself the connectivity of that system increase in a exponential fashion - in the case of the subway form a knot of staggering proportion . the seemingly simple moebius from tupelo . soljak there be two side . now there 's one side . I will play : where 's the other side ? tupelo Inside . I know that 's hard to imagine . and by '' inside '' I also mean '' outside . '' soljak '' inside , outside '' - I do not have time for bullshit now --- ( crunch the moebius ) that train go miss and my system fall apart . where 's my train ? - and I want a nut - and -bolt answer . tupelo I be afraid there 's only one answer : you train , with my wife , have slip - ped into a parallel dimension . tupelo and slam he against the wall . soljak a para ---!!? that 's why you bring I here !? be you ---!? you motherf ---! tupelo ( cool as ice ) use to be just theory for I , but now I know it 's real . 82. soljak what 's real !? tupelo the world unseen . sound grumble , pillar rattle - a steady throb of tension . tupelo ( cont ’d ) it be something I try to convince myself of , it help I imagine the work I be do , help I imagine that my kid --- , I try to convince my wife of it , that there be a world of beauty and amazement right beyond we reach , but that only screw thing up more . but now --- ( drag soljak to ---) look at you map , you subway be a 842 mile knot of amazing topological complexity , but now add the shuttle line make it even more complex - and the situation be now of a order so high that I suspect the connectivity - the property of all the connection in the New York Subway system - have now become infinite . can you imagine the property of a infinite network ? ( off soljak 's look ) I can not either . but the train be no longer in the realm of '' where , '' the whole system be now without a real '' whereness , '' and you new shuttle have cause the # 3 train from Brook - lyn to jump into another dimension . soljak fuck you . tupelo you would not be here unless you know something be wrong - something way wrong that you can not explain . well guess what : that kid who grab onto the back of that train - she actually see it disappear . now look at this --- tupelo start cut length - wise through the crunch - by- soljak -but-not-broken moebius strip : 83 . tupelo ( cont ’d ) now it really get weird , watch : when I cut this again --- as he make the final cut --- like a magic trick : the moebius strip suddenly snap itself into two separate moebius strip tie together in a knot ! huh ? soljak react . so do we . ( note : this actually happen ) tupelo ( cont ’d ) c’mere , you need to see this --- tupelo hold the '' moebius knot '' up against the wall - size subway map . camera move in : the moebius knot ---— --- be a perfect match with the '' power spot '' jumble of subway line - including the shuttle - all coiled together in brooklyn ! soljak what the hell ---!??? tupelo yeah : '' what the hell . '' what time do you connect the shuttle track to the rest of the system ? soljak you know what time I connect it . tupelo when you connect the shuttle track this morning you create this . now I know this map be only a approximation of the system , but the actual connect - ion be even more complex . I get off at Bergen Street . the train continue but never make it to its next stop , but it do enter this newly create moebius knot and move into a non - spatial plane . it continue to draw power from the system - you know that - so it 's get to be somewhere --- but it 's somewhere we can not see . soljak seem ready to punch tupelo . tupelo stand he ground . 84 . tupelo ( cont ’d ) six hundred year ago people be not moron - look what they build , the art they create , the city - all this genius people - and yet for they the world be flat , and the earth be the center of the universe --- ( pure energy ) --- and then , suddenly , they be totally mind - fuck - suddenly the world be round - round ! - and we be not the center of existence but one little speck at the edge of space - and then , when the microscope be invent , whoa ! - suddenly there 's a whole other world --- of tiny little creature - live inside we body ! and so , imagine the future , people in touch with sound and idea , wave and current and signal we can not fathom - yet . ' Cause reality itself do not change but the reality in we mind always change . so what the future will know , it will not be just this . so be there other dimension surround we , dimension of time and space that fill in the gap we can not explain ? yes . I believe that . yes . soljak it can not be . I give my life to this machine . nut and bolt . '' for every action there 's a reaction . '' that 's how the world work . not ---. tupelo then why be you here ? soljak try to make the word to answer . can not . tupelo move in close : tupelo ( cont 'd ) what be it ? I see it in you eye . you know something . one long moment . soljak turn away --- mutter . tupelo ( cont ’d ) I do not hear you . what do you say ? 85 . almost a whisper : soljak that blacken track , miss train --- ( beat ) it 's happen before . tupelo ( now he grab soljak ) what !? it 's happen before !??? soljak maybe a year ago , three in the morning , for a few second . we see quick - CUT moment , visual flash of --- soljak ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we be testing the current in the shuttle tunnel , no track yet , just the power grid , when a F - train go through Rutgers tunnel - it 's marker light go off , then the light come back on . so who care , right ? couple a second . coulda be a short circuit . but when the motorman pull in he say some crazy shit happen - blame the conductor - conductor also say something weird happen - say the motorman must have black out at the con - trol - so now they start throw punch at each other so we follow up : train 's fine , the signal be fine , but the track turn black where that train go off the board . but no one want to get write up and it 's four in the morning - train be full of drunk , so nobody think about this shit - they just want to get home . but I think about it . then I forget about it . until now . tupelo be astonished , elate - and terrify . his theory : true . soljak : more frighten , more confuse . soljak ( cont 'd ) but why then , if the track do this --- 86 . tupelo simple term : trigger a nuclear reaction , before you get to criti - cal mass you get smaller reaction - that 's why that circuit test you run only cause that blip , but now , with the track --- soljak then how come every train in the system have not --- how come there be not 10 , 20 , 100 train miss ? tupelo there must be a exclusion princi - ple operate , such that only one train at a time can occupy the non-spatial network and --- soljak 's hear enough , get out he phone , start a call --- soljak I be get a railer team down here , we will disconnect a stretch of track , that 'il break you moebius thing and - poof ! --- we will get that train back . tupelo ( grab the phone away ) no ! no ! you can not do that ! soljak what !? why not ? tupelo the relevant non-spatial property be derive from the shuttle line , but now it belong to the whole system ! soljak in English ! tupelo if anything change now , we will lose that train forever . if you cut the knot --- tupelo tear one piece of he paper moebius --- and the knot 87 . instantly collapse into two separate tangle strand . tupelo ( cont ’d ) --- you can not put it back together . the system have to stay the same until we bring back that train ! suddenly a pressure in the air , a sizzle of electricity . the hair on they arm begin to rise . something about to happen . then they hear from down in the tunnel a deep rumble , then a horn blast you can feel in you heart . a flash of searing light , and then --- a spiffy new shuttle subway train - all shiny silver , empty , clean - and real - glide through the station . tupelo have never see a subway train like this . like a mirage . but it 's real . from soljak : a sad laugh . soljak my life 's work . tupelo it 's run already ? soljak special train . tupelo to where ? soljak City Hall . I be suppose to be there - they be give I a medal , front page news , a nice party . tupelo you should be there : friend , family . soljak this be my family . there it go . soljak watch the train disappear into the darkness . tupelo see that soljak 's cheek be flushed , he eye be red . tupelo you gotta have someone . soljak I give up on that a long time ago . ( beat ) hope you get a plan . 88 . tupelo we need to propel that miss train back to where it escape from and trap it --- ( go to the map ) it 's live off the power from the rail , right ? so by shutting down its power start up here - move from the bronx down to Brooklyn , queen to Brooklyn , push north from coney Island , Bay Ridge and rockaway - by cut - ting the power grid section - by - section we can chase it , corner it , and --- soljak that 's you plan ? with the mayor back in town reassure everyone that everything 's perfectly normal ? tupelo we will have to , and then we 'il direct all that energy into Bergen Street Station to shock we train back into the space we inhabit - it be shocked out , we ’1ll need to shock it back in . soljak you want I to tell the mayor I be shutting down New York '' because a subway train 's in another dimen - sion '' !? they 'il put I away . tupelo but we have to do it . soljak ( no good - final ) sorry , pal . no. can not . if that 's the only way , we be both screw . int . brooklyn hospital - pediatrics - day nurse Judy treat the cut and laceration on tinkerbell 's hand , wrist , and knee . all around they child be cry - as if they have a special sense that something profound be in the air . jamal , watch tinkerbell , concern . he hold tupelo 's scribble phone number , comment : 89 . jamal poor man . lose a baby , now he old lady be go --- poor Professor what - the-hell 's -his -name . he say he be gonna shut down the whole city to catch he train . they be never gonna let he do that . nurse carla pass jamal , growl at he : nurse carla how would you know I would say '' carrot '' ? nurse Judy be attend to tinkerbell : nurse judy this be go to hurt --- nurse Judy put a wash of antiseptic on tinkerbell palm --- tinkerbell ouch . a second nurse give tinkerbell a tetanus shot --- tinkerbell ( cont ’d ) ouch ! a third nurse pluck a steel splinter from tinkerbell 's knee . should be '' ouch '' --- but this time tinkerbell do not react . she just re-count each hit of pain : tinkerbell ( cont ’d ) one --- two --- three --- suddenly she jump to she foot : tinkerbell ( cont ’d ) I know how to do it ! at the nurse station tinkerbell grab the number from jamal , push aside nurse , grab a phone , call - tupelo answer . tinkerbell screech : tinkerbell ( cont ’d ) you do not have to shut down the whole city ! I see it how - when there 's a fire in a tunnel the train all keep run . they keep run ' cause it 's three different power down there ! 90 . jamal hold back all the nurse : jamal let she do she thing . they be gonna put she in a genius museum . int . the new station tupelo and soljak listen to the breathless intensity pour out of the cell phone : tinkerbell ( 0.s. ) one 's the city electric . one 's all the signal and light down there . and then there 's the train power ! you can just shut down the track ! tupelo be she right ? soljak ( realize : ) of course - split system , same since 1904 - every train pull power from the third rail - DC current , shit nothing to do with the city grid . ( very impressed ) who you talk to ? angle on : tinkerbell - in the hospital jump onto the nurse 's desk , yell into the phone : tinkerbell so if you cut the train power the station would still be light , the city 'il still be light , but all the train will stop ! and then you can crash the system ! do it ! do it ! nurse judy somebody call Security ! int . new shuttle station soljak to tupelo racing up the escalator to the street . soljak how do we explain this to people ? gl . tupelo we do not . we can not . we have get to bring it back , you and I , now . before anything change ! we will do it , and no one on the street will even know it happen . soljak how long will it take ? tupelo 30 - 45 - 60 , top . trust I . soljak a hour ? even a half hour ? you kid ? at rush hour ? tupelo who say a half hour !? --- 30 , 45 second ! - we be deal with the speed of light ! int . hospital lobby - day on tinkerbell and jamal --- rush through the hospital lobby down into the subway entrance just outside the door . jamal I do not want to miss this . ext . downtown brooklyn - day tupelo and soljak muscle through the rush hour crowd , soljak bark into he phone : soljak morrissey ! this be what I need from you --- ext . van cortland tower - day morrissey ( soljak 's friend , the jamaican dispatcher at the elevate tower in the bronx ) , react : morrissey you want I to do what ? aw , soljak --- ext . downtown brooklyn - day soljak be onto he next call --- 92 . soljak it 's just a test . we be run a test . yes , it 's be approve . int . 42nd STREET / time square tower - day busiest station in the city . this dispatcher , a woman , crush a cigarette pack . joanne the dispatcher who order a test at rush hour ? okay , soljak , whatever you say . ext . howard beach tower seagull perch atop a lonely near- desert modern tower in view of marsh and JFK Airport . howard beach dispatcher I be not the only one , be I ? at what time ---? 6:20 ? the dispatcher look at he clock : now it 's 6:11 . int . WASHINGTON heights/191st STREET station - day cave-like , loud , the deep station in the system . this dispatcher hold he head as he take the call from soljak : deep dispatcher if it 's gotta be do it 's gotta be do . on the STREET they keep move . soljak keep call . then , to tupelo : soljak say , when you be a kid do you ever take the subway ? tupelo all the time . rode right up front . look out the window . why ? soljak what school you go to ? tupelo I go to private school . why ? soljak put a hand on tupelo 's shoulder . 93 . soljak nothing . just : '' R -t , '' you shoulda be nicer to the train . off tupelo 's look , soljak keep roll call --- int / ext . coney island / stillwell avenue tower - day in view of Nathan 's , '' the cyclone '' roller coaster and the beach . this elevate junction have multiple platform beneath a vault steel roof . a guy on the phone , second in command , do not comprehend : second in command I do not know you or what you be talk about but I x11 tell Bob . soljak just tell Bob it 's soljak , and tell he to cut power for two minute at 6:20 . ext . jamaica maintenance yard - dusk a old brick build look over the vast maintenance yard where subway car return at the end of they run to be wash , patch , and then send out again . in the red brick build a small woman , ms . johnson , stand in front of a big panel with 86 lever , she hand in motion like a orchestra conductor , she walk back and forth operate the switch that pump train into the system . someone hand she a phone : ms . johnson ( as she work the lever ) why mister soljak , how be that big party they get go for you today ? they must have lose my invitation . on the STREET - downtown brooklyn - day soljak purr into the phone for this call : soljak why Ms. Johnson , so good to hear you voice . I have a tiny little favor to ask --- in the red brick build the little woman stiffen : 94 . ms . johnson what be you drink at that party ? you want I to stop send out train ? on soljak like bitter sugar : soljak just for one little minute . and --- I be miss the party too . int . the new CITY hall shuttle station , manhattan - day site of the big party : balloon , bartender serve egg creams , that damn '' New York New York '' song play over and over again and a giant cake in the shape of a new shuttle train . the mayor , at a podium with shuttle logo , make a speech : mayor on a day when we coordinate effort show that despite adver - sity there be no problem we can not tackle , it 's my pleasure to cele - brate progress . this auspicious moment for the people of New York could never have happen without a team . there be the Governor --- applause . the governor smile . as the mayor next introduce dignitaries , the camera sweep past the balloon , band , paris hilton , reporter and cake , to find : terrell and michelle . terrell you gotta wait for he . he build this whole thing , he 's be wait - ing he whole life for this ! michelle murphy you boss have ruin my day . terrell but this be he party . the shiny new shuttle train ease into the station . cheer and applause . the Mayor smile proudly , joke : mayor I be see something and I be say something : wow ! 95 . michelle murphy ( to Terrell ) he 's late . you see this reporter , that photographer ? we be not go - ing to wait . by the way --- now beside they : Bob the reporter , who finish she question : bob the reporter you ever find that train ? michelle murphy of course they find it . that be like ten hour ago . Old news . bob the reporter where be it ? as Terrell stall , the Mayor wrap up he speech : mayor --- at last tie together the bronx , Manhattan , Brooklyn and queen - sorry staten Island , you be next , be patient . ( that get a laugh ) and now for this medal , for the one person who have be with this project from the start --- the Mayor look to Michelle : who do I give this to ? she shrug : he 's not here . so --- mayor ( cont 'd ) this special city medal go to the one person without whom there would be no shuttle --- and certainly no party today . let 's all salute --- ( he 's get to give it to someone ---) Michelle Murphy ! flash pop as a proud Michelle go to the podium to accept soljak 's medal as she own . picture ! picture ! picture ! mayor ( cont 'd ) let 's all ride the shuttle ! the mayor , governor , senator , reporter and photographer , and of course Michelle , all press into the train . 96 . terrell no ! you gotta wait for soljak --- but Terrell be ignore as generator and compressor fire up . conductor stand clear of the close door . a ding - do chime and the door close . there 's a triumphant blow of the train 's horn --- conductor ( cont ’d ) next stop - Brooklyn ! loud cheer from within the train as the shuttle train pull out of the station , disappear around a curve and leave Terrell alone on the platform surround by balloon and cake . ext . brooklyn street - sunset a dirt -re set sun fight with dark rain cloud . distant thunder . tupelo and soljak be push they way through the crowded , chaotic street . it 's a few block to dekalb Station : master control for Brooklyn . tupelo split off to the right . soljak where you think you be go ? tupelo gotta catch a train at Bergen Street . soljak whoa ! no . that station 's too dangerous . I shut it down . you can not go there . tupelo ( keep move ) my wife --- I have get to . soljak ( chase he , hold he ) you can not ! I be pump the energy of this whole system into that one stretch - if we do get it back --- maybe you do not wanna be there . tupelo I have to be there . I should have be on that train , should have stay on it . if I have - my weight , mass - maybe it would have be different - but I gotta be there now . no matter what . with her. 97 . soljak but that people - after twelve hour , what 's ---? tupelo it could be over for they . the stress of the passage - or maybe they be or in some kind of suspend - ed time - everything that ever happen in that tunnel could be wrap around like a loop - or maybe it 's pure terror or --- soljak sometimes when I do not know a answer you know what I say ? - '' I do not know . '' what 's she name ? tupelo my wife ? '' Renee . '' and yeah : I know what it mean . soljak good luck . tupelo dash down into the Atlantic Avenue Station . int . atlantic avenue subway station - night tupelo rush towards the end of the platform . he ignore danger ! do not enter ! - climb over the railing . int . atlantic - bergen STREET subway tunnel - night tupelo run along the dark narrow ledge towards the glow light of the Bergen Street Station - a quarter mile away . int . dekalb avenue command room - night soljak stand at the main board , bark into a headset : soljak okay , morrissey . do it . int . van cortland tower , bronx - night morrissey throw a switch . int . conversion substation - bronx - night a substation feed power to the rail . its motor shut down . 98 . ext . elevate track , the bronx - night power shut down along this sector of track - as all train stop we see a flash of SPARKS and smoke and then a shimmer of electricity retreating back toward manhattan . int . atlantic - bergen tunnel - night tupelo run hard along the wall ledge - but the ledge stop a hundred yard short of Bergen Street Station . he climb over the safety railing , drop down into the track bed , run towards the light at the end of the tunnel . ext . 145 th STREET - harlem - night a snake of SPARKS flash along the path of the elevate track then whooshes down into the broadway irt tunnel . int . broadway irt tunnel - night a sizzle of blue -sparking DC current and a powerful wind sweep past the 116th Street / Columbia University station --- int . broadway irt relay room the relay be click - smoking like crazy , but there 's no visible train run here ! - only that flash of ENERGY . close shot - different hand close switch Little red light on control board go dark . ext . shea stadium station , queen - night Manhattan skyline in the distance . passenger wait on the elevate platform see the track that curve past Shea Stadium then dip down into the corona Subway tunnel . a train head for the station from the other direction . grind to a halt when the power be cut . suddenly : the entire elevate platform begins to shake - --- rail vibrate and send out a bass note so deep it cause the people on the platform to gasp for air as --- a crackle of lightning --- --- explode out from the corona tunnel - shoot towards Shea Stadium Station and the now-stalled train - then screech to a stop as if hit a invisible wall and instantly rocket back towards Manhattan . 99 . int . atlantic - bergen STREET tunnel , brooklyn - night tupelo , run towards the eerie glow of Bergen Street Station - can feel the power coursing through the system - overhead pipe throbbing , track groaning and rattling . int . subway tunnel throughout the CITY --- we follow the blue - sparking , screeching , searing -hot current --— --- slamming US back into our seat as it race 10 - 20 - 30 mile in a instant - ricocheting back from invisible wall ( where the power 's be cut ) - try every way to escape --- SPARKS and wind whipping past 468 station - --- in the span of a few second - from south ferry at the south tip of Manhattan up to pelham BAY in the bronx , out to queen plaza , then blast back through time square --- int . dekalb avenue control room , brooklyn - night soljak watch the big board that show the entire New York City Subway system - red light be now dark in the bronx , queen , and turning off like a descending curtain in manhat - tan --- the light on the board go dark in southeast brooklyn - all that remain glow now be the moebius knot of the interlocked subways line that all converge in Brooklyn - and one slim line of light that trail south to coney Island . soljak point to that still - glow line : soljak what the - shut down coney Island ! int . the knot of subway tunnel under downtown brooklyn the blue arc of flame that carry the ENERGY STORM be now like a thrill ride whipping around the moebius knot / power spot as it try to find its way out of the twisting maze of subway tube and tunnel , every escape route close , direct all the power of the entire system toward --- int . bergen STREET station - night desert . Gates lock . tupelo reach the pit in front of the platform , reach to a ladder , hear the oncoming roar of the pulsing ENERGY STORM and --- 100 . tupelo be hit with a wall of power and wind that knock he down onto the track - at the same spot he fell in the morning --- --- debris and muck fly - again he lose he glass --- the power blast past he --- tupelo renee---!1 !! the power pass through the station and disappear into the southbound darkness . tupelo react : no Renee . no train . alone between the vibrate track he pound the wooden tie with he fist - emotional agony : he plan fail - the train with car # 8686 do not return . int . dekalb control tower - night all light be dark on the map of the city - except for Bergen Street and that string of light south to coney Island . soljak smack the board . soljak what the hell 's go on !? engineer they will not shut it down at coney -- - the special train 's out there , the mayor 's train . soljak it 's not he train , it 's mine ! soljak rip the metal cover off a circuit control board , reach in and tear out a handful of wire . ext . coney island elevate track --- the electrify 3rd rail go dead . int . the new shuttle train - night the train stop with a jolt . people tumble , knock over the party food and drink trays . the generator stop . the mayor : huh ? - light go out , everyone groan , then we hear --- mayor Michelle ! !!! outside the window of the now - dark special subway shuttle the 101 . only thing still run on rail in coney Island be ext . the cyclone roller coaster - night people scream , arm in the air , as they shoot down and around the old wooden coaster 's gravity - control track . ext . coney island elevate subway track - night the bolt of lightning roar toward coney island and the mayor 's now - dark shuttle train , stop inches from slamming into the shuttle train , instantly reverse and --- screech back toward bergen STREET along the elevate route , tearing a wave of spike out of the track , spike raining down onto the street below as the STORM of power arc down into the subway tunnel under prospect Park ... «+. the park now light by a phosphorescent glow as --- int . bergen STREET station - night tupelo see the oncoming STORM -wave of power blasting right at he - the rail white - hot , the wind and pressure --- drawing power from the entire grid of the subway system shaking loose pipe and spike and wire and now tupelo be at the CENTER of a hurricane - force and power swirl around he faster and faster and noise roaring , tupelo be cut by the sizzling swirl steel dust , wire ignite and steam pipe burst and everything louder and louder and then --- silence --- and then : there be a gentle rocking SOUND close up - subway ad : - who will be miss subways ? - int . subway car - moving tupelo , be inside subway car 8686 hold onto the pole for balance , look up at the old subway beauty contest poster . he hear the screech of wheel . then he see : 102 . a prep school kid back turn to he , at the front --- carve initial into the door : R- T tupelo tries to move - he can ’t - he look out the window running parallel on a parallel track be a different subway train - a 1940' - style train with casablanca - type ceiling fan , fill with people dress in 1940 's style --- tupelo be moving through space and time - the parallel subway train edge sideways now , moving closer and closer to the train tupelo be riding in - tupelo grip the pole , brace for a collision but instead --- the two train softy converge --- --- become one overlap train in overlap dimension tupelo be now inside both train --- --- fold into each other on a trip through four -dimensional space where time and surface warp and wrap through each other as if liquid mixing - a stewing cauldron of image - the famous '' who will be miss subway ? '' ad float through air -— people long since go shifting in and out of focus as the train itself change --- --- its window now in the shape of porthole , its color scheme a art deco red and grey , morph in and out of every style of train that have ever run on this track - a wooden car from 1904 - tupelo among man in straw hat - now it 's the 60's - bellbottom , big afros - the train plaster with graffiti - now the train be packed with passengers go to coney Island in the 1920 's - all this overlap fade as the train itself stretch and become a tunnel --- --- a elongated tube growing longer and longer --- and then curling into a pretzel - shape moebius strip : the shape of the universe --- --- the train turn in on itself without tear , turn inside out --- without upsetting the point of reference occupy by Richard tupelo who see : renee sitting at the end of the train --- 103 . --- as they detour through four -dimensional space , Renee tranquil amidst the sound of storm and explosion and steel wheel screeching and subway drummer and now --- renee be holding a infant wrapped in a blanket --- tupelo move to she . touches she cheek . Renee look up : renee do not be afraid . --- they look down together at the coo , giggle child observe this wonderful show of light , shape and color . no longer be there metal edge , plastic veneer , aluminum pole and vent drip condensation , instead --- the infant sees : extraordinary pattern and spectrum of liquid crystal light and color unimaginable --- --- with spiralling pattern of snow-flake fractal and crest - ing wave form in a sea of cometary knot ( the tadpole - like particle residue of die star ) and cloud of atom --- --- all wrap in a microwave - supernova glow of more - and - more complex moebius strip --- a primal vision of beauty and sensual reality , the world unseen . renee reach out to tupelo , take he hand : renee ( cont 'd ) you be right , Richard . she live - she see the world , this world , the world we have forget , and she see it and have a wonderful little life , a beautiful life , with the most beautiful vision and experi - ence - she have all that - and all we love --- and she live . tupelo touch the baby , and now , with Renee smile , he start to cry --- have hold in so much , now he release --- tupelo I miss she so much . I miss we . 104 . renee I know Richard . but we do good . she be happy . she live . he lean down to kiss she --- there lip meet --- one long beautiful kiss - one long unimaginable expression of love - which alter space and time --- and now : renee be stand beside he , no child , the two of they together , same spot they be in when they argue on the train in the morning - now they be kissing , a kiss that seem to awaken they both from a spell of sadness --- that 's all good , but suddenly the train be no longer floating through the FOURTH dimension --- instead it be buck and rock and all the passenger from this morning be again surround they - devolve instantly into panic mode : they be trapped in a subway car and something be wrong . window shatter -— reflect , refracting the action into thousand of mirror - image - Renee look at tupelo - what be this ? tupelo 's plan have work - but it be not pretty : tupelo we be try to get back home --- in car # 8686 surface be hard again , passenger be throw from side to side as the train break through into our space and time and now # 8686 be at the head of a runaway train wheel screeching , spike flying , SPARKS igniting , over - speed detector tearing out of the track --- in the train the operator 's door slam open - no one 's inside --- tupelo leap to the booth , reach for the brake --- 105 . it goe soft in he hand --- --- the train control be still not back in we world --- tupelo be throw out of the booth to the ground . he grip the handle of the front door , pull himself up , find himself eye- to - eye with that old initial : rt - now angrily glow . he whisper : tupelo sorry . the angry glow fire stronger , then fade - tupelo forgiven . he again launch himself into the control booth , pull back the throttle and now --- the friction brake engage , the train screeching into bergen STREET station --- --- now caught in a tornado of ENERGY - metal sign tearing off wall , compressed AIR and water pipe shatter , whipping the station with icy rain --- in the train tupelo turn the key-switch to open all the door , shouting : tupelo everybody out . get out - now ! water main above the track - exploding ! --- --- exit gate now open , passenger rush for the stair - stranger help stranger , tupelo and Renee carry child , help old people , as --- a flood of water crashes in from rupture water tunnel - tupelo and renee rushing upstair to the STREET look back downstairs to see : car # 8686 --- groaning and gasping and screeching as it drowns in the flood - share the sad fate of its fellow subway car that be dumped this morning in the Atlantic . tupelo sees : glowing through the dark water , the fading initial --- '' rt '' ext . bergen STREET - night rescued , disorient passenger see the street sign : 106 . passengers what 's go on !!!? --- we just leave Bergen Street !!! cop , ems , firemen arrive , and there 's --- soljak - with tinkerbell and jamal . tinkerbell hug tupelo , jamal punch he arm . jamal mister unreal . you do it . soljak this you wife ? hello Renee . so tupelo , you bring back my train ! tupelo yeah , it 's back , but we need to cut the track somewhere - now ! - break the loop before it happen again . soljak we have to wait until you get back , right ? now that you be back --- int . subway tunnel under construction - night same tunnel where the shuttle track be first connect . a shower of SPARKS as a welder begin to dis - connect the steel rail . the contractor moan to Terrell : contractor I do not get you people . the morn - ing he 's bark at I to finish the job now he 's bark at I to take it apart !? terrell he give the order . not I . int . mayor 's special shuttle train - night stall at coney Island , light off , dignitary howling , and Michelle Murphy scream into she cell phone : michelle murphy I do not care what he say ! I give the order : turn on the power for this train ! do it ! ext . coney island / stillwell avenue tower - night a hand move a switch , override the main circuit and a half - 107 . mile away the mayor 's special shuttle train light up and start move . int . the subway tunnel under construction - night a final blast of SPARKS . a section of shuttle track be separate . the moebius knot be cut . ext . bergen STREET - night siren , chaos , crowd . Renee take tinkerbell 's bandage hand . renee I be worried for you . tinkerbell and I be worried about you . tupelo first now see that tinkerbell and jamal be with soljak - the cop want they , but one look from soljak and the cop keep they distance . soljak , impressed by tinkerbell , to tupelo : soljak kid know more about the subway than I do . where have you find she ? and this other one - ask I to name a vegetable . I say '' cabbage '' and he say '' fuck you . '' what 's that about ? tupelo shrug , innocent - go to Renee and tinkerbell who be look down into the flooding subway . tupelo no one 's go to believe this . tinkerbell except we . renee and I . soljak and you be all gonna keep quiet about it . it be a water main that bust , train get divert , and now it 's here . end of story . jamal who 's gonna believe that ? 108 . soljak okay then , I 'il say a train get lose in the 4th dimension . tupelo maybe we would better stick with '' the bust water main '' version . but you do cut the line somewhere , right ? soljak yes , master . the knot 's break . take you wife and go home . I x11 keep a eye on this two . tupelo and Renee hug the kid goodbye . renee call I . tupelo stay out of trouble . jamal you stay out of trouble . you be the crazy one . ( to soljak ) let 's try it again - what 's 2 + 2 ? soljak motion to Renee and tupelo : go . angle on - terrell - on the STREET , in the crowd push through rescue worker , cop , reporter . finally he find soljak . soljak raise a hand : stop . soljak no Terrell . please . every time you open you mouth it 's bad news . so please --- ( with tinkerbell and jamal ) I make some new friend . bother someone else . call Michelle . I be retire , effective now . I be do here . I be leave . I quit . terrell ( need to speak ) Chief , the special train , with Michelle and everyone and the mayor - someone musta turn the power back on before we break the link , but - now that train 's miss ! 109 . soljak growl . soljak can not leave . he 's part of the loop . ext . on the STREET - two block away - night Beyond the crowd . tupelo and Renee walk . City light and star above sparkling . renee let 's start we life together all over . that okay ? it 's all tupelo have ever want to hear --- tupelo 's voice that 's okay with I . --- life as a unending moebius Strip . tupelo and Renee , arm around each other , draw closer together - like interlock spiral - and as they rejoin the world that we can see --- tupelo take off he glass ( the opposite of how we story begin ) , and through he eye the screen become : a swirl of strange image as if we're in the vortex of a exploding quasar in deep space splashes of beautiful shape and breathtaking color overlapping and folding into each other --- --- a vision of how light and reality might really be . then , amidst the sound of the city , we hear --- - tupelo ! - --- and at the faint growl and screech of a subway train somewhere beneath the city street , we --- fade out to : the end