molly game screenplay by Aaron sorkin base on the book by Molly Bloom third pass : 12/29/15 second pass : 11/23/15 first pass : 9/2/15 ext . ski slope - day but we do not know what we be look at yet . in front of we be just a greyish - white flurry with nothing to orient we and no sound except the whistle of a strong wind at a high altitude . we will not know where we be until - - -- a rocket fly right in front of we -- right to leave -- and disappear from the frame as fast as it come into it . but we probably see it long enough to know it be not a rocket , it be a world - class skier and we be stand five foot away as she scorched the last few second of she run . molly ( v.0o . ) a survey be take a few year ago that ask 300 professional one question : ext . ski slope - day ( new angle ) molly ( v.o . ) '' what 's the worst thing that can happen in sport ? '' we be at the bottom of the slope now where the skier we just see finish she run with a swoosh , and a hundred or so spectator give she a round . the skier snap out of she skis , pick they up , push up she goggle and look back up the slope toward the judge ... molly ( v.o. ) some people answer lose a game 7 and other people say get sweep in 4 . some people say -- ext . ski slope - day ( new angle ) molly ( v.0o . ) -- it be miss the World Cup and some brazilian say it be lose to Argentina . not just in the World Cup -- anytime , ever , in any contest . we can see the whole slope now . it look like a terrible way to die . it 's a mogul course , meaning that skier race through a punish series of 3 - foot mound of pack snow and ice , lift - off and execute a mid-air trick , land and run through another set of mogul , lift - off and execute a second trick , land and race to the finish . spectator and race official line the side of the slope . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 2 . ext . ski slope - day ( bottom of the slope ) the skier we see be look back up the slope and now see she score . not bad , but not what she need . she get another round from the crowd and a less - than - wholehearted hug from she coach . molly ( v.0o . ) but one person answer that the worst thing that can happen in sport be 4 th - place at the Olympic . ext . ski slope - day ( top of the slope ) we be at the top of the mountain where the next skier be wait for they start . one of they have just jump off the mountain and into the course . molly ( v.o. ) this be a true story but except for my own I have change all the name and I have do my best to obscure identity for reason that 'il become clear . I be Molly Bloom and right now I be rank 3rd in North America in woman 's mogul . ext . ski slope - day ( new angle ) the skier who just start have race through the first set of mogul , hit the ramp , which send she up into mid-air where she execute a trick and land back on the course and hit the second set of mogul . molly ( v.0 . ) I have a BA in political Science from the University of Colorado where I graduate summa cum laude with a 3.9 gpa . ext . ski slope - day ( new angle ) the skier 's make she way through the second set of backbreak mogul and hit the second ramp , which send she into the air . we watch the judge examine she trick with expert eye and then tap the key on they laptop . molly ( v.0o . ) I get a 173 on the l-sat . the median l- sat score at Harvard Law School be 169 . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 3 . ext . a different ski slope - day this one 's much friendlier and family be ski together in the sun with the Rocky Mountains as a backdrop . a coach be work with a 12 - year -old boy , show he the right mechanic for he push-off . molly ( v.0o . ) I be raise in loveland , Colorado , about a hour outside Denver or four hour if it 's snow . on a weekend family ski trip when I be 5 I be spot by a coach . the coach stop pay attention to the 12 - year -old boy and become captivate by the sight of a 5 - year - old girl --a prodigy -- who 's just explode into he field of vision . the coach watch and then glance back up the slope where the girl 's father be stand and watch . father ( shouting ) attack it , Molly ! attack it ! the coach watch as the 5 - year -old girl hit the mini-mogul section of the run . molly ( v.0 . ) I would spend the next 18 year chase winter and be coach by the best in the world . ext . suburban STREET - day runner be compete in a road race and the front of the pack come toward we as well - wisher cheer and hand out cup of water along the side . molly ( v.0o . ) I also run pretty well . a 12 - year old girl appear among the runner -- both the first kid and the first female we have see . she 's run alongside she father and you can tell just by look at she stride that this be a athlete . molly ( v.0o . ) I be run in a charity 5 k when my back explode . 12-year-old girl ( to she father ) something 's wrong . father tough it out . the 12-year-old girl give she father a quick '' thanks '' glance that she father do not see before she pull out several stride ahead of he and the rest of the man around she . int . hospital - day the 12 - year old - girl be be prepped for surgery . molly ( v.0o . ) I have what 's call rapid onset scoliosis . close on a x-ray of a terribly curve spine . molly ( v.o. ) my spine be curve at 63 degree and I have need a 7 - hour surgical procedure that involved -- close on a x-ray of the same spine now fuse with steel rod . molly ( v.o. ) -- straighten my spine , extract bone from my hip , fusing eleven vertebrae together and fasten steel rod to the fuse segment . int . hospital room - day the 12-year-old girl be in a hospital bed , post - op . from she Pov we can barely make out what a doctor be say to she father and mother . doctor she 's gonna be fine , but I would not let she ski anymore . definitely not mogul and ski competitively be out of the question . the father be quietly devastate and slump down on the close surface while the doctor and the mother assure he that '' ... she 's gonna be fine , she just will not ski '' , etc . we stay on the 12 - year -old girl 's eye -- she 's clocked she father 's reaction and even through she post - op morphine haze she eye be fight back . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 5 . molly ( v.0o . ) I be on skis again in a year , run mogul in 18 month and by my 20th birthday I have make the U.S. ski team . ext . ski slope - day ( top of the slope ) it 's the slope we start at . number 87 be molly . race official number 87 up . ( point ) 56 on deck . take she place at the start gate and number 56 she 's get earbud in and a coach be vigorously rub down she leg to keep they warm . molly ( v.o. ) it 's the last round of qualifying for the Salt Lake City Olympic . this be the Champion run at Deer Valley . we can see that visibility be terrible , with snow come down diagonally and the wind whistling ominously at this altitude . molly ( v.o. ) the altitude 's 8100 foot and the pitch be 52 degree which be the same as the side of the great pyramid . molly stomp on she foot to keep they warm and start to loosen she shoulder and neck . molly ( v.0o . ) the wind 's 20 - 25 mile a hour blow leave to right . it 's 3 - below zero at the top of the slope and with 17 skier in front of I , it 's gonna be like try to stick a landing on a freeze infinity pool . the coach point to he ear , indicate that it 's time for Molly to take out she ear bud . she hand the coach she ipod as he say -- coach kiki blow out of she line . Shannon be off - balance on she second landing . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 6 . molly nod that she understand . molly ( v.0o . ) he 's talk about kiki bandy and Shannon keebler , my two toughest competitor who have significant point deduction on they final run -- quick insert a skier landing slightly off - balance after a trick . quick insert another skier ski out of she line and scramble to recover . ext . ski slope - day ( top of the slope ) molly ( v.o. ) -- set the table for I . molly snap she boot into she binding and tap she skis to check how they feel . race official number 56 up . 44 on deck . coach go get it , here we go . molly snap she goggle down as the coach step back . molly 's all alone now at the top of the mountain , snow blow around she . molly ( v.o. ) I can make the Olympic team right now . and if I have three perfect run in Salt Lake -- the best run of my life -- I can beat the austrian and the swiss and have a realistic shot at the podium . then the law school of my choice and then a start - up . a foundation that seed entrepreneurial woman and also teach young girl to ignore most of they current role model . race official competitor ready . molly ( v.0o . ) but first this . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 7 . a small light , accompany by beep , blink red , then yellow , then -- molly jam she pole into the snow and launch herself onto * the slope . molly ( v.0o . ) good start . my father 's at the bottom try to telepathically get I to check my line . ext . ski slope - same time ( bottom of the slope ) Molly 's father be look up the slope -- father check you line . ext . ski slope - same time ( top of the slope ) * molly ( v.o. ) I check my line . molly Pov out of the sea of mogul she 's slashing through she eye find the path she 's choose and , for a moment , it become demarcate for we like runway light before it go away . ext . ski slope - same time ( top of the slope ) * she 's carve through this minefield , kick up snow and ice and not be able to see more than ten foot in front of she face . molly ( v.o. ) good snow contact , calm upper-body , * leg together , good shape , no line deviation and set up for the D - spin * and -- * molly sail into the air and execute a perfect back - flip * with a off-axis twist . molly ( v.0o . ) -- stick the landing . now two thing you need to know before the second trick which will be a 720 . as molly attack the next set of mogul we start to gradually * slow down the picture ... ( more ) Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 8. molly ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the first be that when visibility * be bad the way it be now , race official jam pine bough in the snow at the edge of the jump so the skier have some foreground depth reference . the second be that the * tightness of you binding be determine by what 's call a din set . if you be a beginner you din set be probably 2 or 3 . if you be a experience weekend skier it 's probably 7 or 8 . mine 's 15 . my boot be basically weld to my skis . right ... so how do this happen ? -- in semi-slow motion , molly get airborne for she second trick * and almost as soon as she do , she right ski come off and fall to the ground . all sound except Molly 's voice go out . molly ( v.o . ) it happen because I hit a pine bough and I hit it so precisely * that it simply snap the release on my binding . right in that moment I do not have time to calculate the odd of that happen because I be about to land pretty hard on my digitally remaster spinal cord which be be hold together by spare part * from a erector set . molly crash to the ice and snow with terrible impact . * we go back to full speed now with Molly 's other ski immediately snap off and skid away as molly keep slide and flipping over . we be still without sound -- just the occasional slap of she helmet on the pack snow . and then she helmet fly off just before she break through -- mos -- the wood and wire fence and into a group of gasp and shouting spectator . we watch the whole thing again full speed . and we watch other watch it --spectator , she coach , the judge , television cameras and she father ... sound kick back in and we hear the gasp crowd along with the radio crackle of the ski patrol and emt as they race to the scene . Molly 's father try to get to she as fast as he can . molly 's on she back , unconscious , blood - soak snow on she * face . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 9 . molly ( v.0o . ) none of this have anything to do with poker . I be only mention it because I want to say to whoever answer that the worst thing that could happen in sport be 4th place at the Olympic -- seriously , fuck you . SNAP to black title : Molly 's game fade in : int . molly apartment / bedroom - night it 's a modest one - bedroom in West Hollywood and at the moment it 's all but unfurnish . she 's just move in and have hardly any possession . the camera find a open carton contain new copy of a book -- Molly 's game : my High - stake adventure in the World of Underground poker -- with a glamour - shot of Molly on the glossy cover . lean against the wall be a foam board blow - up of the book jacket with a banner across it announce that you can meet Molly Bloom at a book signing . that 's pretty much it . title : 12 year later West Hollywood 5:06 am we come to molly , asleep in she bed . she hold two blackberry on she chest as she sleep . it 's become a old habit . suddenly we hear some kind of muffle commotion come from outside in the corridor and down the hall . it 's impossible to make out what 's be say -- it 's all shout whisper and confusion . molly open she eye , think she 's hear something , but now the commotion have go away and there 's silence . suddenly one of she blackberry ring and it startles she a moment . she answer -- molly ( into the phone ) hello ? molly , Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) male voice ( on the phone ) Molly Bloom ? molly ( into the phone ) yes ? male voice ( on the phone ) be this Molly Bloom ? molly ( into the phone ) yes , who be this ? male voice ( on the phone ) miss Bloom , this be special agent delarosa of the FBI and we have a warrant for you arrest . we be outside you door and we want you to come out here . listen to I now . make sure we can see you hand . molly ( pause - - then into the phone ) who be this ? male voice ( on the phone ) Molly , you have get 30 second to come to you door or we be break it down . do you understand what I just say ? molly yes . male voice ( on the phone ) say you understand . molly I understand . male voice ( on the phone ) come to the door now . make sure we can see you hand at all time . dress in a t-shirt and boxer short , front door . she still have she athlete 's body , plenty scared , she open the door and step into -- 10 . go to she and while she 's we can still detect steel behind she eye . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 11 . int . hallway - continuous Molly 's apartment be at one end of a long hallway and at the other end be 17 blind flashlight attach to 17 automatic weapon which be train on she . agent delarosa hand in the air . Molly Bloom ? molly there 's be a mistake . agent delarosa be you Molly Bloom ? molly yes . agent delarosa I want you to walk toward I very slowly . go ahead , come on . molly 's walk toward the crowd of flashlight ... agent delarosa ( cont ’d ) slower , slow down . molly agent delarosa slower . molly I can not see . the flashlight -- agent delarosa walk slower . molly I think there 's be a mistake . agent delarosa be you Molly Bloom ? molly yes sir . a female agent take hold of molly and put she up against the wall . female agent spread you arm and leg please . while the female agent pat she down -- * * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 12 . agent delarosa be there anyone in you apartment right now ? molly no sir . agent delarosa be there any firearm in you apartment right now ? molly no sir . agent delarosa turn to the other agent -- agent delarosa go . the agent head down the hallway and go into the apartment one by one , just like they be teach at the Academy , stop at the door and then turn in quickly -- all this as handcuffs go on Molly . agent delarosa ( cont ’d ) you be under arrest for run a illegal gambling operation , do you understand ? molly yes . agent delarosa say you understand . molly I understand . I think there 's be a mistake because I have not run a game in two year . agent delarosa I want you to look at this piece of paper , do you see what it say at the top ? molly ( pause ) yes . agent delarosa read to I what it say at the top . molly the United States of America versus . Molly Bloom . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 13. in the background , agent start come back out into the hall say , '' clear , '' '' it 's clear , '' etc . molly ( cont 'd ) I would bet heavy on the favorite . CUT to : int . close on a 13 - year-old girl she 's the same girl we see run in the 5 k and she 's be tape on a camcorder . there 's something about this girl . she 's uncomfortably sexy for she age --a father 's nightmare -- but she 's also oddly mature and very serious . off screen she father be ask she question . she answer simply and evenly . father ( 0.s. ) what do you think about the follow concept ? I be just gonna run they by you . Marriage . 13-year-old girl hm . it be a trap . father ( 0.s. ) Society . 13-year-old girl it be a joke . father ( 0.s. ) people . 13-year-old girl I think there 's good and bad . I think there 's jealousy . a lot of people be out to get you . I do not trust they . I do not trust people . the frame freeze with the girl 's eye look off - screen at she father . molly ( v.0o . ) every year on we birthdays my father would interview my young brother and I . father ( 0.s. ) who be the heroes or heroine in you life ? who do you really respect ? Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 14 . 13 - year-old girl * I do not have any heroes . father ( 0.s. ) you do not have any heroes . molly ( v.0o . ) how 's this for hubris ? * * 13-year-old girl * I do not . because if I reach the goal I set out for myself , then the person I become , that 's 1ll be my hero . because there 's no one I can look at right now who 's accomplish what I want to accomplish . again the frame freeze with the girl 's eye look off - screen , almost accusingly , at she father . * molly ( v.o. ) even by teenage girl standard I would appear to be irrationally angry at nothing in particular . it would be another 7 year before I would find out why . ext . 405 freeway - night the light of Los Angeles begin to shimmer into view through the windshield of a Jeep Grand Cherokee . molly ( v.o. ) after my wipeout at Deer Valley I decide to take a year off before law school . Law school 's hard and I could not spend the first year think about a pine bough . I need to go away , sever myself from reality and come up with a new * plan so I choose Los Angeles , a city * whose entire population have severe itself from reality . * ext . SMALL house in hollywood - night molly pull she lone duffle bag out of the Jeep , throw the * strap over she shoulder , walk to the front door and ring * the bell . molly ( v.0o . ) Blair , a friend of mine from the ski team , have agree to let I crash on she couch for a while . ( more ) Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 15 . molly ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my father have disapprove of postpone law school and so decline to help out , but I have seventeen-hundred dollar I would save in baby sit money and that would support I until I find a waitress job . blair 's open the front door . Blair 's pretty but it 's the middle of the night -- closer to dawn -- and she 's be party . the two hug . int . blair 's house / live room - a few minute later molly finish make up the couch . molly ( v.0o . ) I would already have a career and retire from it . I want to be young for a while in warm weather . blair say good night and switch off the light in the live room . molly sit on the couch alone . molly ( v.o. ) ( beat ) I think that 's what I want at first . it 's hard to remember . CUT to : ext . club - night a long line outside a velvet rope with a bouncer tell we this club be hard to get into . molly ( v.0o . ) I get a job work bottle service at a club in Hollywood call Nacional . it be Cuban - theme so my uniform be camouflage short - short and a white wife -beater . int . club - night we take a tour through the club , which be pack and thump with music . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 16 . molly ( v.0o . ) the promoter would go over which record producer be sit where -- which hot designer , which laker and jolo the malaysian billionaire who do not drink but who run a hundred - thousand dollar bar tab . my job be to get people to spend much more money than they need to . molly 's attend to a table -- customer we will have a bottle of Sky . molly you guy look like you deserve grey Goose . customer what do guy who look like they deserve grey Goose look like ? molly they have a bottle of grey Goose in front of they . customer Quick . clever . I like that . as molly finish at the table and head back to the bar -- molly ( v.o. ) they just spend a additional three - hundred dollar , bring they total to nine-hundred dollar for eight dollar and fifty - cent worth of vodka . molly pass some sexy young woman who be hang out at a molly ( v.0o . ) but the club do not need you to buy a bottle , they need you to buy five bottle . so this girl over here , they let you buy they shot for a live . it would be like wait in a long line to get into the gap so you can pay a one - thousand percent mark - up to buy all the employee a pair of pants . * * * % * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 17 . ext . bluerock office - day it 's one of that two -story building on the west end of the sunset Strip . it 's not a dive but it do not scream first - class . molly 's Grand Cherokee pull into a space next to a silver * mercede amg . molly get out , dress for she first day of * work in a office . molly ( v.0o . ) I only have one shift a week , I * do not want to tell my parent I be a cocktail waitress and back * then I never turn down a * opportunity to make more money so I find a second job as a office assistant and that 's how I end up work for reardon greene . reardon be a partner in bluerock investment . he be a regular at the club and one night he say -- CUT to : int . club - night reardon be at a table drink with some friend and some girl . he 's in he late 30 's , not very tall , hair slicked back , 3 - day beard , skull and cross -bone t-shirt and he 's talk to molly -- * reardon well how have you like to get pay to * go to grad school and get a fuckin 's * mba in how life work ? molly what make you think you know and I do not ? reardon I be a customer here and you be a waitress here , look at the scoreboard . CUT to : int . bluerock office - day it 's three office and a reception area . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 18 . molly ( v.o. ) I can not tell you what my job be . I be not say it 's a secret , I literally can not tell you what my job be . so I make it up . molly 's sit down in front of a empty desk and regard it * for a moment . what be she suppose to do ? she pick up the phone and check for a dial tone . int . bluerock office - different day she file papers . molly ( v.0o . ) I file contract use a system I borrow from the alphabet , with '' B " follow '' a '' and so forth . int . bluerock office - different day molly ( v.o. ) I answer the phone , make coffee run , set appointment , make spreadsheet and show reardon what spreadsheet be . molly 's point at she computer screen and explain how a * spreadsheet work to reardon , dress in he usual fatigue * and skull t-shirt and look at a copy of LA X - Press . he put the paper down next to Molly and tell she -- mos -- which girl he like . molly ( v.o. ) and order call girl . int . blair 's house - early morning molly 's asleep on the couch and we can see through the window * that it 's still mostly dark outside . molly ( v.0o . ) but I make four-hundred and fifty dollar a week on top of the three hundred I be make at the club , which would be enough to get off * Blair 's couch . * her cell phone ring . she open she eye and reach for the phone . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 19 . molly ( v.0o . ) I remember the day start by be about bagel . molly ( into phone ) this be ( Molly ) . reardon ( v.o. ) ( over ) get to the office . pick up bagel . molly do you mean now ? ( pause ) hello ? reardon 's hang up . molly hit a button on the phone to check the time -- 5:25am . ext . pink dot - early morning molly come out of the store with a bag of bagel . molly ( v.o. ) reardon be a Hollywood staple . over - leverage , into the company asset , go break try to prove he be not break and make a true effort to be as vulgar as possible . honestly make a effort . she 's get into she jeep and she phone buzze with a text from reardon -- '' move you fuckin’ ass '' she toss the phone aside and pull the car out onto sunset , which be nearly empty because of the hour , but we can see that LA 's decorate for Christmas . int . reardon 's office - night reardon be hammer home a deal to three investor , tell they they would be fuckin’ idiot not to put money into this . molly 's sit and take note on she laptop . molly ( v.0o . ) but somehow he be make hundred - million dollar deal every day and I get to watch he do it . '' bizness biznessa '' , as they say in the Ukraine . the business of business . ( more ) * % * * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 20 . molly ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and I be surprised to learn I like it . int . staircase - morning molly 's hustling up a flight of stair with the bag of bagel - * molly ( v.0o . ) I have not tell anyone that I be a skier and it be hard not to laugh when reardon say -- she open the door at the top of the stair and walk into -- int . bluerock office - continuous reardon be stand there -- * reardon do anyone ever teach you how to fuckin’ hurry ? molly no . reardon what be that ? molly bagel . reardon snatch the bag from molly -- * reardon be this from pink dot ? molly it 's on the way from ( my house ) . reardon seriously ? you might as well have stop at a fuckin’ homeless shelter ! you might as well have walk into a motherfuck homeless shelter and say , '' I would like a dozen bagel from this homeless shelter please ! '' I do not eat bagel from pink fuck dot , Molly , this be fuck poor people bagel ! Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 21 . reardon throw the bag at molly 's head and molly easily tilt * out of the way of the throw . molly from where would you like I to get you bagel in the future ? reardon forget about the fuckin’ bagel . molly done. reardon except smarten up . molly get it . reardon hang on . reardon disappear into he office for a second -- * molly ( v.o. ) like I say , the day start by be about bagel but that would abruptly change . reardon come back out with a legal pad that he 's write on * as he scroll through he phone to find number . -- reardon ( still write ) we be do a poker game at the viper room . tomorrow night and then every Tuesday night . you will help run it . take this name and number and invite they . tell ‘em to bring ten grand in cash for the first buy - in , the blind be fifty / one-hund . reardon drop the pad on Molly 's desk . molly stare at the * pad ... reardon ( cont ’d ) and Molly ? molly yeah . reardon do not fuck tell anybody . reardon disappear into he office . * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 22 . molly ( v.0o . ) I would regard reardon as a nitwit when I regard he at all , but on that pad be nine name -- along with phone number -- of some of the wealthiest and most influential people in Los Angeles . int . bluerock office - a few minute later molly 's type away on she blackberry -- molly ( v.0o . ) I put the number in my phone and compose a simple message -- Molly hit send . then put she phone down on the desk and google '' poker / blind '' . molly ( v.o. ) -- that there have be a game tomorrow night at the viper room , there be a ten-thousand dollar buy - in and the blind be fifty anda hundred . Molly begin read about blind when all of a sudden she phone start buzzing with text after text - -' I be in , '' '' I will be there , '' '' yes , '' '' I be in '' ... molly turn she head and look at she phone blow up with response . molly ( v.o. ) all nine player confirm that they would be there . within 90 second of my send the text . CUT to : ext . viper room - early evening we establish the front of the iconic club before circle around to the back where the Jeep be park and molly 's pull out a carton of liquor bottle and a cheese platter . molly ( v.0o . ) the viper room be own by bugsy Siegel in the 40 's back when it be call the melody room and before he childhood friend meyer lansky have he shot 43 time in the back . * ee Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 23 . int . viper room / basement corridor - early evening as molly make she way through the dark and seedy hallway , balance the cheese platter on the carton of bottle . molly ( v.0o . ) all I know be schoolwork and ski . I have always figure sophistication would be easy to learn if I ever need it . my cheese platter have a sticker that say , '' cheese : from the great State of Michigan . '' she go into -- int . basement corridor - continuous molly ( v.o. ) I would google , '' what type of music do poker player like to listen to ? '' and then try to figure out how to make a playlist out of one Kenny Rogers song . she arrive at -- int . the room - continuous -- where diego have kick out the leg of a oval card table and set it upright with a slam . molly ( v.o. ) Diego , a professional dealer , be set up the table when I get there . int . the room - a bit later the room and the table be set up for the game and now we can hear the thumping music come from upstairs . molly ( v.0o . ) I set up the bar , put out my cheese platter and position myself at the door where I have be instruct to only let in the name on the list , which I would memorize . I be wear my best dress , which I would buy two year earlier at jc penny for 88 - dollar . molly stand wait at the doorway and adjust herself slightly . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 24 . int . viper room basement - a moment later molly ( v.0o . ) the player start to arrive . I introduce myself as Molly , reardon 's assistant , ask if I could get they a drink and take from each of they ten-thousand dollar in cash . through a series of dissolves -- we will see the player arrive , chat a moment with molly -- some of they flirt a little and other be matter of fact -- and hand she envelope . we will pay special attention to one player in particular who we will get to know in a moment -- we call he player X . the final dissolve be reardon show up -- reardon everybody here ? molly yeah . reardon Ugly dress . Ugly shoe . ( call out ) let 's play ! int . viper room basement - a moment later diego the dealer fan 9 card out on the table and the player each start pick a card -- molly ( v.o. ) Diego fan 9 card out on the table and the player choose for seat . int . viper room basement - a moment later a stack of chip get slap on the table as a open bet and ina -- series of cut -- we see card be deal , bet be raise , hand be fold , Molly make a vodka and Red bull , the final card be flip , hand , chip , card , vodka and Red bull etc . -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 25 . molly 's in the corner . she 's stand at a small table with she laptop open , watch , listen and google . we push in on she slowly , cut in the action of the game as we go , all the while hearing the thumping of the music from upstairs . molly ( v.0o . ) I would just finish count out ninety - thousand dollar in cash . I be in a room with movie star , director , rapper , boxer and business titan . they be go all - in all the time , burn through they buy - in over and over . reardon 's come over to Molly -- reardon you be keep track of the buy - in ? molly yeah . reardon where ? where 's the paper ? molly ( point to the laptop ) spreadsheet . reardon take a moment and then nod he approval before we go back to another series of cut more chip fly in , drink be put down , card be flip , player jump up in victory and pound the table in defeat , throw they card at Diego , the seal on a new deck get cut , more buy-in , more drink , more chip , more card and the thump thump thump of the music from upstairs ... molly 's type at she laptop . molly ( v.0o . ) I google every word I hear that I do not know . flop , river , fourth street , tilt , cooler , boat , nut , play the rush , cold deck -- int . viper room basement - later the game be over and the room be clear out -- * * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 26 . molly ( v.0o . ) the game end at 2:30 . and when it do , that 's when reardon shout out -- reardon ( call out ) hey ! tip Molly if you want to get invite back next week . as player leave they say goodbye to molly , some of they give she a kiss on the cheek while they hand she some chip or some cash . molly ( v.0o . ) tip Molly . deep down I do not like the sound of that . deep down I know that when you boss say -- quick CUT to : int . bluerock office - day -- where reardon say -- reardon and Molly ? molly yeah . reardon do not fuckin’ tell anybody . CUT back to : int . viper room basement - night molly 's alone count out hundred -- molly ( v.0o . ) -- that 's usually not the beginning of a promise law career . but that be deep down . I would just make three - thousand dollar . molly stare at the cash in she hand and smile ... CUT to : Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 27 . morning joe molly 's a guest on the show and she book cover -- Molly 's game - - be project in back of they . mika brzezinski what 's the most you ever go home with ? molly in one night ? mika brzezinski in one night . molly a hundred and fifty - thousand dollar . CUT to : int . gage whitney / waiting area - morning it 's present day and this be the office of a high - end , prestigious law firm . it 's early in the morning and the place be completely empty except for molly , who 's sit and wait in she best professional clothes . she 's mentally and physically exhaust but keep it to herself . the morning newspaper be fan out on the coffee table and in the bottom right corner of the New York Post be a box with a picture of Molly and a small headline that read : '' poker princess arraign today '' . molly casually take one of the other papers and slide it over she photo . also sit and wait be a 14 - year - old girl -- stella -- who 's dress in a private school uniform and read a copy of the crucible . stella 's the opposite of precocious . after a long moment of silence ... molly ( pause ) what be you read ? stella the crucible . molly for school ? stella ( shake she head no ) my father assign it . * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 28 . molly nod and there 's another long silence ... molly ( pause ) you know how many witch be burn in Salem ? stella no . it do not say . molly none . they do not burn witch in Salem , it 's a myth , that 's not how they kill they . stella how do they kill they ? molly they hang they or drown they . sometimes they pile heavy stone on they chest until they crush they . stella you be Molly Bloom , right ? molly yeah . stella you do not look like you do in the picture . molly none of we do . we hear the clack of footstep come down the hall and charlie jaffey come into view . charlie 's a nice - look guy with a kind face -- around the same age as Molly or a couple of year older . he 's dress well but not flashy . charlie Molly ? molly yes . charlie I be Charlie jaffey . molly thank you again for see I . charlie you have meet my daughter stella ? Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 29 . molly yes . charlie ( to stella ) isabel 's gonna be here in 45 minute to take you to school . do you finish the math ? stella yeah . charlie civ ? stella yeah . charlie do you know it ? could you teach it to you class today ? if I ask you about Roman law , could you tell I ? stella yes . charlie ' Kay , keep read . molly clocked that . charlie ( cont ’d ) ( to Molly ) there be not too many people here this early but we will have coffee soon . come on back to my office . molly follow charlie down a hallway -- charlie ( cont ’d ) first thing 's first , when be the last time you sleep ? ( beat ) today 's Friday . molly Tuesday morning at 5 am I be arrest by the FBI . I spend Tuesday at LA County jail . I be assess to be a minimal flight risk and my bail be set ata hundred - thousand dollar . my mother sign over she house . I be release Wednesday morning and order to appear in Federal Court in New York 's Southern District at 10 am today . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 30 . charlie in here . they walk into -- int . charlie 's office - continuous it 's a beautiful corner office with jetliner view of the river . molly I fly here Wednesday and meet with five attorney yesterday . charlie why do not you hire any of they ? molly Three of they have already be take . charlie yeah , there be 31 people name in you indictment -- it 's Black Friday for criminal lawyer . what about the other two ? molly one tell I that money be he second favorite form of payment . charlie uh-huh . molly and the fifth be also take but he recommend I call you . charlie why ? molly I tell he I want someone who would work in the prosecutor 's office . that do not narrow the field much but then I tell he I need someone who be not even a little bit shady because I have have some experience with that and that 's when the list get short . I tell he I need someone very good because this be nuanced . and I be give one day to find a attorney . ( more ) Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) molly ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) do you know about I ? charlie ( pause ) I have be brief a little by my daughter who know a lot about you story because she mother 's a moron . molly the tabloid . charlie I have read some of the tabloid and I read the indictment after I get you call last night and I buy you book . charlie 's pick up a copy of Molly 's game -- charlie ( cont ’d ) I be only up to page 81 , but Molly ? do you commit a felony and then publish a memoir about it ? molly I have not run a game in over two year . not to spoil the end but that 's when the government raid my game and take all my money , assume all of it be make illegally which it be not . I have be live at my mother 's house in keystone and I write the book so I could start pay debt . I just finish a press tour for the book and move back to Los Angeles . charlie just to nail down the timeline , you run game in LA for roughly six year ? molly yeah . charlie without take a rake . molly right . charlie then you run game in New York for roughly two year ? 31 . * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 32 . molly I take a rake the last six month . charlie then you game get raid , the government take all you money ina civil forfeiture and you leave town . molly I go to live with my mother at she house in Colorado . that be two year ago . charlie and it be there that you write this book . molly yes . charlie the book be release three week ago , you do a press tour and move back to LA . molly yes . charlie and that 's where you be arrest by the FBI . molly yes . charlie ( pause ) so ... in the first 81 page you name a bunch of name . molly ( beat ) I be sorry ? charlie you give up the name of some movie star who play in you game . molly take a moment ... this be obviously a sore spot for she and she have rather not talk about it . molly ( pause ) yeah . 33 . charlie be not that against some sort of poker code ? molly there 's no poker code and there 's no law against lack of discretion . charlie would not it be great if there be , though ? molly be you take I on as a client ? charlie my retainer 's $ 250,000 , do you have $ 250,000 ? molly no , I do not have anything . charlie what about sale of the book ? molly include that one that you buy I have sell one copy , but there 's a lot of interest from Hollywood in buy my life rights . I will find a way to pay you . Charlie , ask around about I , my word be good . charlie not to the guy you name . molly I do not have a-- just ask around about I . charlie ( laugh ) unfortunately the people I would ask be goin 's away for a while . what happen Tuesday morning be call a gps takedown . 31 people be arrest in the same instant . someone you think be a friend call you on you phone to make sure it be the one you be still use and when you answer that call , they have you paint and keep track of you movement until the agree upon time . ( more ) Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 34 . charlie ( cont 'd ) something in excess of 600 agent be dispatch to location in New York and LA in coordinate strike with automatic weapon and you be try to tell I you be in my office because you rake a game of Texas hold ' em ?! molly yes ! charlie have you see the other name on this indictment ? helly habib , Mike druzhinsky , Mike anikovich , the gershen Brothers ? how deep be you into the Russian mob , Molly ?! ' Cause so far you tell - all do not say . molly 's well past tired and Charlie 's quick cross -examination have either take something out of she or put something back in . she stand up and walk to the window ... molly ( pause ) why be you make you daughter read the crucible ? charlie so she can see what happen when a group of bored teenage girl gossip . molly I have never read the play . charlie many consider it to be the best play of the 20th century . molly be that what many consider it to be ? charlie I do not defend violent criminal . molly I have never hurt anyone in my life . charlie you friend have . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 35 . molly I have never hear of 90 percent of the name in the indictment . charlie and the other 10 percent ? molly I do not know they be mobster , I have no idea who they really be . charlie ( pause ) let I ask you something . reardon -- in the book -- he do not say '' poor people bagel , '' do he . ( beat ) I think I know who he be , I think I know a real estate lawyer who work with he and quit . he call they '' nigger bagel , '' right ? molly ( pause ) I be not tell you he name , he 's not involved in this . charlie but you be willing to name the movie star . molly none of that matter . why be the FBI arrest I two year after -- charlie be you pay extra in you book deal to name the movie star ? molly ( pause ) yes . charlie I be not you guy , Molly . I wish you good luck but this just be not for I . molly hear that but still do not leave ... molly ( pause ) why do you leave the prosecutor 's office and become a defense attorney ? Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 36 . charlie my daughter . molly you need to make money . charlie that and I be usually one of the few people who know where witness be be hide . molly it be dangerous . charlie mm-hm . * molly so you do not leave the * prosecutor 's office because you * want to stand up for the innocent and believe everyone 's entitle to the best defense ? charlie not really . molly it would have be helpful if you be Spencer Tracy or -- I do not know who the Russians be . ( pause - - calmer ) I can get you the two-hundred and fifty - thousand , I leave ten time that on the street , it will just take some time . ee of charlie we do pro bono work - - we regularly lend out we best litigator like I to the aclu , Southern Poverty Law Center , veteran group -- but I * do not think I can convince my partner to take a flyer on the poker princess . molly I do not name myself the poker princess . charlie pick up a copy of we weekly that 's be tabbed and read -- charlie '' Molly Bloom , the self - proclaim poker princess ... '' . * CUT to : Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 37 . molly that 's we weekly ? I agree it would be unusual for they to print something that be not true but it 's not true and if you think a princess could do what I do you be incorrect . I be get that you do not think much of I but what if every one of you ill-informed , unsophisticate opinion about I be wrong ? charlie I would be amaze . molly yeah you know what , bud ? you would . charlie you do not need I , you need a publicist . molly no , I need a fuckin’ lawyer ! charlie ( pause ) you never answer my question . when be the last time you sleep ? molly ( pause ) it be a while ago . charlie ( pause ) I be gonna walk you through the arraignment this morning , you should not do that alone . I be gonna put some body on you and walk you through a side door . ' Cause I do not know what you have get on the Russians but neither do they and the Russians take care of shit , you understand what I be say ? molly yes . ext . lake - day a seven -year-old girl be be pull by a motor boat as she try to get up on one ski . she fail and fall hard into the water . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 38 . her father -- the same father we have be see throughout -- and she mother be on the boat and she father shout back -- father again ! the seven -year old girl be tired but she get herself ready to try again . the mother be not happy about this but seem helpless and slightly cow by the force of the father . molly ( v.0o . ) my father 's a therapist and a psychology professor at Colorado State . the second rule of he house be that academic excellence and athletic excellence be not optional and the first rule be that he make the rule . the girl be back on she water ski . the boat power forward again and the girl get up on one ski for a moment before she fall . the mother , stand in the back of the boat as a spotter , raise a flag in the air to let nearby boat know there 's a skier in the water . father you be not get out of the water till you do this . again ! molly ( v.o. ) I be a skinny kid , and at 7 year old I do not have the core strength yet to pull this off . in October the water in Colorado be pretty cold and we would be at this since 6am . seven-year-old girl ( call ) dad ? I be tired . the father shake he head ... the mother look down , feel for she daughter but not want to start a fight . mother she 's tired . the father whip the boat around and drive it up to the girl . father you be tired ? seven -year-old girl yeah . * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 39 . father what 's another word for tired ? name a synonym for tired and I will let you in the boat . seven-year-old girl ( pause ) weak . father that 's right . ( hold out he hand ) get on in . the girl look at she father and he outstretch hand but stay in the water ... girl again . CUT to : int . barney' / shoe department - day molly 's wear cut -off , a sweatshirt and a Denver broncos baseball cap as she look at herself in a pair of Christian loubitan . molly I will take they . shoe salesman excellent . molly can you tell I what floor the dress be on ? int . barney' / dress department - a few minute later molly ( v.0o . ) after three month of game I have enough money to buy some real clothes . a saleswoman come up to she -- saleswoman can I pull some style for you ? * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) molly I be look for a dress that make I look nothing like myself . the saleswoman smile ... saleswoman take off you hat , put you hair in a bun and put on you new shoe . i’1l pull some option . int . barney 's - a few minute later 40 . molly come out of the dress room wear a black dress that make she look very sexy ... saleswoman well ... where do that body come from ? molly stare at herself in the mirror ... molly ( v.o. ) I decide to postpone law school another year . int . viper room - night a game be underway and molly have a whole new look . molly ( v.0 . ) I would overhear storey about game that fold after one bad night and I need this one to keep go and I need to bring value to it . I know if I want to cement my place there be one guy I need to team up with and that be this man . * we see a hand lifting card , finger playing with chip and * then see that they belong to player xx . molly ( v.0o . ) the game have regular and the game have guest and four of the regular be famous actor and I be go to call one of they player x. player xx subscribe to the belief that money win be twice as good as money earn . he live to beat people and take they money . here 's player X talk one of the guest into fold the win hand . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 4l . player X be in a showdown with the guest , who 's sweat whether to call or fold . the guest the guest player X I swear on my -- look at I -- I swear on my mother 's life -- I have you . molly ( v.0o . ) player X be the best player at the table and tonight this guy be the worst . he 's stare at he card -- even a reasonably good amateur would know it be mathematically the best hand , which in poker be call the nut . there be forty - seven thousand dollar in the pot and the guest be hold the nut but he be start to get confuse because a movie star be talk to he . player X my mother 's life man , I be not mess with you . think ... survey the card ... guest ( pause ) why would you be tell I ? player X either I be mess with you or you be new to the game , you have have bad card all night , you should have fold after the flop and I do not want to win more of you money this way . I have get queen under here . take you time . take another moment ... then toss in he card . guest fold . player X pick up he two lose hole card -- neither a queen -- and show they to the guest -- player X fuck you ! the other cheer and pound the table as player X haul in he chip and the guest try to put on a '' just one of the guy face . '' Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 42 . molly ( v.0o . ) a fish be a particular kind of player . a fish have money . a fish play loose and do not fold a lot . a fish be good but not too good . player X look over to molly ... molly look back and give he a half -smile . chip get put down as a new hand be deal . molly ( v.0o . ) the viper room may have belong to reardon but the game belong to player x. people want to say they play with he the same way they want to say they ride on Air Force one . my job security be gonna depend on bring he he fish . but where would I find people with a lot of money who do not know how to spend it and like to be around celebrity ? CUT to : int . nacional - night the club where Molly use to work . molly 's talk to four of the club girl who drink shot for a live as the place pulse around they . molly if they say they be interested in poker you give they my number . I vet they . if they end up play in the game I will give you a thousand dollar the first time they play and five-hundred every time after that . ( hand one of they a slip of paper ) be sure to mention that this guy be all regular . one of the club girl look at the list of name ... club girl be this true ? molly hand she a wad of cash as we CUT to : * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 43 . int . commerce casino - night it 's a sad , seedy casino and we be in a area where a eclectic collection of guy be play Texas hold ' em . molly 's stand near a pit boss and watch one of the player . ee ok molly ( v.0o . ) the commerce casino be off the 5 freeway in East LA and no one 's ever go to confuse it with the french riviera . I have watch the table for a while before I approach a friendly - look pit boss . molly the third chair at table 8 can not lose . pit boss unless there be player at he table who can win . molly you know about the game at the viper room , right ? * pit boss sure . molly it 's a 10 k buy - in , blind be fifty and a hundred . a thousand for every player you send I . you get a piece of what they lose . no pro . I be Molly . CUT to : int . viper room basement - night diego cut the seal on a new deck and shuffles . * molly ( v.0o . ) poker be my trojan horse into the high level of finance , technology , politics , art , entertainment - - all I have to do be listen . series of shot -- different game on different night as molly * listen to conversation between player and google various thing she hear . different Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) player # 1 the art world be control by a few major dealer . gagosian , Zwirner , and a couple more . game player # 2 China 's telecom company want to partner with other provider . back to the first game different player # 1 they alone control the market . they choose the artist they want to be important . game player # 3 Obama 's gonna run . back to the first game different player # 1 they set the price , they mark ‘em up 70 , 80 , 90 percent . game player # 4 the owner do not mind pay thirty - million dollar to a outfielder who hit 320 with 110 RBI 's , they mind pay ten-million dollar for a pitcher who be 8 and 14 last season . back to the first game different player # 1 90 percent mark -up . it 's unregulate money , usually all cash and unreport . game player # 5 he 's the head of Google venture and he say they be work on a secret project to live forever . player # 6 to do what ? 44 , different different different different different different 45 . player # 5 live forever . player # 7 be they close ? player # 5 no. call and raise . game player # 2 his day be numbered . game player # 3 his day be numbered . game player # 4 I do not know how much longer she 's gonna be in that job . game player # 3 they be very excited about a company call twitter . game player # 2 he 's do . game player # 5 she 's go . back to the first game player # 1 I be all in . molly people have ask I what my goal be at that point , what be my endgame . back then I would have laugh at that question . I be raise to be a champion , my goal be to win . at what and against whom ? that be just detail . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 46 . we be on molly 's face as a player , off -screen , say what * Molly 's think ... player # 3 ( 0.s. ) all in . CUT to : int . high rise apartment - day molly look over the modest but nice new place with a rental * agent . molly ( v.0o . ) I have my own apartment now -- ext . bluerock office - day molly get out of a brand new audi with a bag of bagel -- * molly ( v.o. ) -- a new car and seventeen - thousand dollar in a shoebox . ext . elegant outdoor party - night molly 's stand alone in a crowd drink a glass of * champagne . molly ( v.o. ) one night a friend ask I to come with she to a pre-oscar party be host by the head of one of the bigger talent agency . nothing 'il remind you that you do not belong * quite as fast as a party where you do not belong . and I must have be invisible because two four- thousand dollar suit be talk business right next to I . agent # 1 he 's never gonna agree to that number . agent # 2 he 's already agree to it . * agent # 1 you know that ? * agent # 2 Rich play card with he . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 47 . agent # 1 when ? agent # 2 Tuesday night at the game . * agent # 1 the laker game ? * agent # 2 card . poker . the poker game . * agent # 1 * I do not know what you be talk * about . * agent # 2 * oh , man , you have to know about the * game . it 's exclusive , you need a * invitation , the winner be come * home with a hundred thousand dollar and the loser keep come back . agent # 1 where do they play ? agent # 2 no one know where . nobody who play talk about it and everybody want in . but my point be that Rich play with he and he 's agree to the number . molly ( v.0 . ) and just like that , I be about to belong . agent # 1 I need to get a seat at this game . * molly downs what 's leave of she champagne and step to the two * agent -- molly Excuse I , I could not help overhear you . ( beat ) I be Molly Bloom and I run the game you be talk about . if you give I you card I can get in touch if a seat open . agent # 1 ( pause ) seriously ? Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 48 . agent # 2 the game 's real ? agent # 1 who play ? * molly you can just give I you card . * they hand she they card . molly ( cont 'd ) I will be in touch . molly walk away and we stay on she face as she glide * through the party and we see a small smile as we -- CUT to : ext . downtown federal courthouse - day * Press and paparazzi be on the step behind police barricade . no one notice a black suv have drive past they and pull up to the side of the courthouse . a bodyguard hop out the front passenger side and open the back door for another bodyguard who help Molly out of the car . the three of they head for a side entrance as we -- CUT to : int . courthouse corridor - day charlie be stand and wait as molly and the bodyguard * come in and walk through a metal detector . they all make they way down the hall -- charlie here 's all that 's gonna happen today . the judge be gonna ask each defendant if they have read the indictment or if they have like the court to read it to they . then the judge be go to ask you how you plead and you will answer , '' not guilty . '' I will make it clear for the record that I be not you counsel but that I be appear on you behalf at the arraignment . in propria persona . molly '' in propria persona '' mean on you behalf . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 49 . charlie yeah . molly no , I be say it mean on you behalf . charlie I be appear on you behalf . molly '' in propria persona '' mean that you be appear on you behalf , not my behalf . charlie ( beat ) I will check that out but the point be I be not you lawyer and I 'il make that clear for the record . he stop she before they walk into the courtroom and show a little compassion ... charlie ( cont ’d ) look ... my office will give you a list of name when we be do . there be plenty of firm that will just be happy for the exposure . you will be fine . molly I appreciate it . charlie ( pause ) alright . it 's a scary room . do not be scared . molly Charlie , I know what 's what , okay ? charlie open the courtroom door and hold it for molly and the two bodyguard as they walk into -- int . courtroom - continuous the courtroom be huge and ornate and right now it 's a bit of a spectacle . on the right side of the gallery be the defendant and they lawyer -- about 60 people in all . behind a plexiglass partition be some more defendant in prison coverall and shackle . the defendant range in age from early - 20 's to late 80' . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 50 . on the leave side of the gallery be the wife and girlfriend of the defendant . they be all beautifully dress and manicure and have on some of they gaudiest jewelry for the occasion . seat in back of they be the press and it be a tough ticket to get . at the prosecutor 's table be three Assistant U.S. attorney , include harrison wellstone , the lead attorney on the case who we will get to know later . judge dustin foxman be already seat at the bench and be quietly go over some business with the prosecutor as the pack courtroom hum with quiet chatter . charlie point a bodyguard to where he want Molly to sit -- four tape off seat on the right side toward the back . as molly and the bodyguard take they seat , charlie stand in the aisle a moment and look at harrison , the lead prosecutor . harrison turn back from the bench and head to he table and see Charlie . harrison half -smile and give charlie a small wave . charlie give he a small wave back and take he seat on the aisle next to one of the bodyguard . molly 's clocked all that . charlie ( quietly to molly ) you get a good judge , he 's a good guy . molly how ' bout the prosecutor ? charlie take a moment and then shake he head '' no '' . judge foxman rap he gavel once , the room quiet down , and everyone take they seat . judge foxman counsel , please state you appearance for the record ? harrison good morning , you honor , Harrison wellstone and Jack brennan on behalf of the government , join at counsel table by FBI agent deborah D ’angelo . judge foxman be there any oral motion at this time ? * he ok Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 51 . one of the defense lawyer stand up -- mr . sernovitz you honor -- the seemingly routine business of the hearing continue under the follow -- charlie ( quietly to the bodyguard ) switch with I a second . charlie and the bodyguard switch place so that Charlie 's sit next to Molly now . charlie ( cont ’d ) ( quietly ) do you know what a '' vor v Zakone '' be ? a '' vor " ? molly charlie the literal translation be '' thief - in - law . '' it 's the Russian equivalent of a Don or a godfather . nikolai illyanovich be a vor . he 's the one who try to fix the Salt Lake City Olympic . molly I be not there . charlie he 's also have a lot of people kill . it 's basically do what I be tell you or we will kill you kid . molly I have never have a audience with the vor , I be not a make man and I do not know who nikolai illyanovich be . charlie ( point to a man behind the plexiglass ) he 's stand right there . I can introduce you guy , you be co - defendant . ( to the bodyguard ) switch back . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 52. charlie and the bodyguard switch back to they original seat . the business of the court continue . clerk defendant 4 , Jonathan Hirsch . siegel good morning , you honor . David Siegel for the purpose of today 's appearance . judge foxman have the defendant see a copy of the indictment ? hirsch yes , you honor . judge foxman have you discuss it with you lawyer ? hirsch I have . judge foxman do you waive its public read ? hirsch yes . judge foxman how do you plead at this time ? hirsch not guilty . judge foxman thank you , you may be seat . clerk defendant 5 , Arthur azen . the court 's business continue as -- charlie ( whisper to the bodyguard ) switch with I . charlie and the bodyguard switch seat again and charlie speak quietly to molly -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 53 . charlie ( cont ’d ) just in case you lawyer do not mention it , the next time you appear in front of the judge you should re-think you clothes . you look like the cinemax version of yourself . molly I sell my clothes after the government seize all my money two year ago which incidentally be the last time I run a poker game but I think I mention that already . charlie ( beat ) okay . ( pause - - then quietly ) you old boss -- the one you call reardon - - he be kind of a jerk to you . why would you cover for he by change it to '' poor people bagel '' ? ee ok molly ( quietly ) I promise it could not matter less . charlie ( shrug ) * just make conversation . * * charlie 's not really satisfied but he tap the bodyguard and * they switch back . judge foxman do you waive its public read ? alexander I do . judge foxman how do you plead at this time ? alexander not guilty . clerk defendant 7 , Molly Bloom . molly and charlie stand and when they do , everyone in the * courtroom turn around to get a look at the poker princess . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) charlie good morning , you honor . Charles jaffey , just for the purpose -- and charlie stop mid-sentence and think ... judge foxman ( pause ) it 's good to see you , Mr. jaffey , be you with we this morning ? ( beat ) Mr. jaffey ? charlie just a moment please , sir . ( to the bodyguard ) switch back . they switch -- molly seriously ? charlie you say you leave ten-times that much on the street . back at my office . I say it 's a $ 250,000 retainer and you say you leave ten time that on the street . molly yeah . judge foxman counsel , I need to record you appearance . charlie please the Court you honor , just one moment . ( to Molly ) you be extend credit . you be destitute and you leave two anda half million dollar on the street ? molly I have to . charlie do not anyone try to buy you debt sheet ? molly everyone try to buy my debt sheet , be this the right time to -- 54 . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) charlie why do not you sell it like you sell you clothes ? molly I could not . charlie why ? molly I could not be sure how they be gonna collect . charlie ( pause ) I be afraid you be gonna say that . judge foxman counsel ? charlie think ... charlie ( pause ) Charles jaffey for the defendant , you honor . judge foxman for the purpose of this hearing only ? charlie no sir , I be Molly Bloom 's attorney . she 's read the indictment , discuss it with she lawyer , waife she right to have it read to she and plead '' not guilty '' . harrison clock this , smile and shake he head . clerk defendant 8 , Alexander gollib . molly thank you . charlie I will need to keep read you book . CUT to : Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 56 . black and white photo of a african - american man circa 1930 molly ( v.0o . ) there be a track star from pasadena in the 1930s name Matthew Robinson . black and white photo of matthew robinson crossing a finish line molly ( v.0o . ) Matthew Robinson shattered the Olympic record in the two-hundred at the Berlin Games in 1936 . absolutely shattered the Olympic * record ... and come in second . * we pull back and see that another runner finish just ahead * of he . * molly ( v.o. ) the man who come in first be jesse owen . black and white photo of jesse owen on the medal stand * molly ( v.o . ) * owen go on to be a legend . * black and white photo of matthew robinson as a old man holding a mop . molly ( v.o. ) Matthew Robinson go on to be a janitor at a white - only school in pasadena . the difference be two - * hundreth of a second . * black and white photo of a catcher try to put the tag on a runner sliding into home . molly ( v.0o . ) as if that be not enough , Matthew Robinson have a little brother who be also a athlete . we pull back on the photo and see the runner slide into * home have the number 42 on he back and the umpire be * signal that he 's safe . * molly ( v.0o . ) his name be Jack but everyone call he Jackie . footage of jeremy bloom racing through mogul ( file ) Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 57 . molly ( v.0o . ) I have two young brother who be also overachiever . while I be rank 3rd in North America , my brother Jeremy be number 1 in the world . home video of the father helping a young boy with homework molly ( v.0o . ) and while I be place into a.p. chemistry as a junior , my brother Jordan be do it when he be 12 - year - old or something , I do not know . molly childhood house - night Molly , now 15 , be have dinner with she father , mother , and two younger brother . molly ( v.o. ) I be a hotshot student and a hotshot skier everywhere but my own house . and that 's where we live . as I get older I begin to bait my father into fight without really know why I be do it . father let 's go around the table . impress I with what you learn at school today . Jeremy Bloom . jeremy ( youngest brother ) the usual stuff . father usual stuff . Jordan Bloom . jordan ( middle kid ) usual stuff . father I be impressed . Molly ? girl I learn that sigmund Freud be both a misogynist and a idiot and that anyone who rely on he theory of human psychology be a quack . the father laugh a little and the mother look nervous . * % Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 58 . father I do not know why you would say that . girl you ask I what I learn in school today . father be this Mrs. linwood ? girl yep . father do she happen to mention anything about he work on the unconscious mind ? girl his dream analysis have the credibility of a horoscope but what get my attention be that he oppose the woman 's emancipation movement . he believe that a woman 's life be about they reproductive function . father so you be really get to the nut and bolt of why middle - class , suburban white girl have be oppress for century . girl Mrs. linwood -- father Barbara linwood do not like man , Molly . girl she do not like dick , dad , there 's a difference . the father look at molly then throw he fork down on he plate with a frightening clang . mother Molly , do not say thing like -- father do not disrespect I like that at the table . CUT to : Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 59 . girl I be not disrespect you , I be disrespect Freud and it 's a kitchen table , it 's not the tomb of the unknown soldier . father and I be a professional psychologist , not a quack . girl I never say ( you be a ) - - father ( over ) yeah you do and do not do it again and do not ever use that language again . girl okay , ignore my teacher , watch my language and respect the kitchen table . what else do I need to do before I be allow to disagree with you ? father make you own money so you can live in you own house and eat you own food . int . viper room basement - night molly count out a big stack of hundred . molly ( v.o. ) I would be run the game for 13 month and save twenty - eight thousand dollar . reardon count two stack of chip and throw they in the pot . reardon call . molly ( v.0o . ) I be recruiting and vetting player , keep the book , collect and deliver check -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 60 . player X straight to the eight . player X win and reardon lose . molly ( v.0o . ) -- meeting the need of all the player throughout the week and still work full - time for reardon , who have make it clear that if I quit the office job I have lose the game . reardon pick up what 's leave of he chip -- reardon I be do . reardon get call '' pussy '' and other name before the player go back to they own conversation and reardon make he way over to Molly . he put he chip down in front of she which Molly skillfully stack , count , and type into she spreadsheet as she say -- molly ( quietly ) I think he have trip too . he be slow - play into the river and he hide the pocket 3 pretty well . tough beat . you owe the game -- reardon I know what I owe the game , I want to talk to you a minute . molly ( beat ) okay . reardon outside . ext . viper room parking lot - night a band be load out its equipment into a couple of wait van . a back door open and reardon come out , follow by molly . reardon be he cheating ? molly no. reardon how would you know ? Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 61 . molly I would know . reardon he and Diego be not in bed together ? molly no. reardon what about he and you ? molly ( beat ) if you be ask what I think you be ask , no . in fact there 's nothing you could be ask where it would not be no . a fifty - two card deck produce hundred of million of random pattern but every time one of you lose two week in a row you be sure something fishy must be up . reardon I be gonna stop pay you . molly what do you mean ? reardon as my assistant . molly you be fire I ? reardon I be not fire you , I be just gonna stop pay you . you get pay once a week from the game , it do not seem fair . molly but I also have a job work for you 24 hour a day . reardon and if you do not have that job you would not have the game , you understand what I be say ? molly ( pause ) I understand each of the word that you be say , but -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) reardon look -- molly 24 hour a day every day . you be gonna stop pay I to do that job because I be make too much money do my second job and if I say no I will lose both job . because it do not seem fair ? reardon Business be bad right now , welcome to the real world . molly take a moment and then go for it -- molly alright , here it be : bank be loaning you money and they should not . you be a bad risk , they know that . so the debt service on you loan be close to 20 percent which be crazy . 20 percent be barely survivable if it 's a bridge loan but , for instance , it 's take you 10 year to build seven house , all of which be worth less than they be before you build they because the housing market 's on a downward trajectory for the first time in the history of house and that 's why business be bad , not because you pay I four-hundred and fifty dollar a week . reardon you be a business savant ? molly I have read every piece of paper in you office . reardon you be make thousand in tip every week , why do you care about ( four-hundred and fifty dollar a week ? ) molly ( over ) I care about it because I do not want to pick up you dry clean for free . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 63 . reardon you do not have bargain power here . you can refuse the pay cut but you will lose the game . ( hand she a few chip ) Cash I out please . reardon head back inside and Molly stand there alone a moment ... molly ( v.o. ) there 's a old say : CUT to : ext . four season HOTEL - day as a valet open Molly 's car door and molly , look fantastic in business clothes , step out . molly ( v.o. ) '' never wait until you ski release before you check to see if a small pine bough 's in you way . '' I do not know how old that say be but I be not go to wait for reardon to take the game away before I put a plan in place . molly 's meet by a HOTEL manager . molly ( v.o. ) the next morning I make appointment at the four season , the Peninsula and the beverly Hills Hotel . int . luxury suite - day the manager be show molly the expensive suite with beautiful view . molly ( v.0o . ) the suite be fifty - two hundred a night . dissolve to : int . luxury suite - day as diego fit a shuffle master into the hole that 's be cut into the table . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 64 . molly ( v.0o . ) I spend seventeen - thousand on a shuffle master that be install in the table . dissolve to : int . luxury suite - night the view be even more spectacular and glamorous at night . delicious food be be put on small table between the seat by a attractive server . molly ( v.0o . ) food be bring in from Mr. Chow and available to eat on side table . a equally attractive bartender be prepare the bar . molly ( v.o. ) there be macallan 18 , belvedere , 1942 , remy Martin , and a ' 88 lafite rothschild serve by a bartender who have already memorize you drink . cohibas and monte cristos be in the humidor and two license massage therapist be there to rub you shoulder as you play . dissolve to : int . luxury suite / bedroom - night molly 's have she hair blow out while work a spreadsheet on she laptop . a outfit be be laid out on the bed . molly ( v.0o . ) a professional stylist turn I into what my defense attorney would later call the cinemax version of myself . I spend almost everything I have in preparation for the phone call I new be come . we hear a cell phone ring before we -- CUT to : Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 65 . int . molly bedroom - early morning molly roll over in bed and look at the ringing cell phone . it 's reardon . molly ( into phone ) hello ? reardon do not sound good . reardon ( over the phone ) I want you to listen to I . ' Cause you need to hear this . molly ( pause ) be you alright ? reardon ( over the phone ) be you listen ? you need to hear this . molly where be you ? reardon ( over the phone ) I need to tell you something in plain English and I need to know that you understand it . molly okay . reardon ( over the phone ) you be unimportant , do you hear I ? and you be fire . ( pause ) do you hear I ? the job , the game , you be fire . molly why do not you lie down for a while . reardon ( over the phone ) you be fire , Molly . molly can I ask why ? reardon ( over the phone you be suppose to set up the tv . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 66 . molly I do , I install it myself . reardon ( over the phone ) I be look at a blank screen . molly I tell you yesterday you cable would be out until 10 be today . reardon ( over the phone ) it be you responsibility . molly I tell you there would be cable outage in you area . it will be back on by 10 be . I do not have control over comcast . reardon ( over the phone ) how many of my friend be you sleep with ? molly I be not sleep with any of they . reardon ( over the phone ) that 's not what I hear . molly reardon , listen to I , with a hazmat suit I would not sleep with -- just lie down . reardon ( over the phone ) can I give you some advice ? lose the bitchy air . lose the superior air . go to the office and get you stuff and be out of there before I show up . reardon hang up and we -- bluerock office - morning a attractive young woman , be put the last of Molly 's thing in a box when molly walk into the office . leah hi . be you Molly ? molly yeah . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 67 . leah I be leah . reardon ask I to pack you personal . molly I appreciate it . leah he also ask I to get the number of tonight 's player so I can confirm the list for tonight . I be really sorry . molly do not be . my phone 's in my car . I will text you all the number you need when I get downstairs . CUT to : int . molly car - day molly 's get she box of stuff from the office next to she in the passenger seat as she pull into the four season and be meet by the hotel manager . molly ( v.0o . ) I texted my replacement a bunch of random number with 310 area code . then I send a text to the player for tonight and tell they the game have be move to the four season Hotel , suite 1401 . int . luxury suite - night the player be sit and stand around , drink champagne and cocktail , smoking a cigar , stand on the terrace , etc . the place look beautiful and so do molly . molly fellas , can I have you attention a moment ? player where 's reardon ? molly I will be host a game in this suite every Tuesday night . if you play tonight you will be guarantee a seat at the game for life . if you have prefer to play at the viper room there will be no hard feeling . * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 68. there 's quiet for a moment and everyone kind of look at player x... player X look at molly and smile , who look back * at he ... blank but confident . * CUT to : int . luxury suite - a bit later the game be in full swing and high spirit . molly and she * laptop be observe from a little distance . molly ( v.0o . ) the game be mine now . I incorporate and mdb event Planning be bear . I pay tax and 1099 ' have my employee . I never become romantically or sexually involved with any of the player . it just would not have be professional -- this be back when I be still make good decision . and I go to a lawyer to make absolutely sure all this be legal . int . louis butterman 's office - day * molly sit across from louis butterman , a lawyer . * butterman be you take a rake ? molly no. butterman then you be not break the law * but can I give you some advice ? * molly * please . * butterman there 's a say in my business . * do not break the law when you be break the law . molly what do you mean ? butterman no drug , no prostitute , no muscle to collect debt . CUT to : 69 . molly I do not do anything like that but you just say I be not break the law . butterman let 's keep it that way , ' cause you do not want to break the law when you be break the law . molly ( beat ) be I break the law ? butterman not really . molly we be able to find out for sure , be not we ? law be write down . butterman you be not take a percentage of the pot ? molly no butterman you be run a square game . int . luxury suite - night a game be underway and it look like everything Molly 's describe . molly ( v.o. ) my game have a tricky ecosystem . it be build around escapism and exclusivity . this guy could buy they way into anything and anyone but here in this room you could not buy you win . you could not buy I , you could not buy the girl and you could not buy a seat at the table . there 's nothing as sweet as a win you have to work for and the win and loss be compelling and they be real . of course it help that the player be gambling addict . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) int . luxury suite - later the game have end . Diego 's break down the table , the woman be clean up and player X be talk to molly . player X I have have a think . molly yeah ? player X raise the stake . molly ( pause ) to what ? player X 50 k buy-in . blind be five-hundred and a thousand . molly ( pause ) that 's uh ... that 's a 500 percent hike . player X yeah . molly I do not think it 's a good idea . player X ( call out ) could you give I the room a second ? they wait for the woman to leave the room ... molly the player who be lose a hundred - thousand a week be gonna be lose half a million . player X and the player win a hundred - thousand -- molly -- will have no one leave to play with . player be gonna get hurt , other be gonna get kill and some of they be gonna drop out . it 's not sustainable and we will lose the game . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 71 . player X find new player . molly ( v.0o . ) he mean find new fish and with this stake that be gonna be challenging . first up be donnie silverman . photo of donnie silverman posing at a poker table with a two - foot high pile of cash . molly ( v.0o . ) donnie win the World Series of poker last year and get in touch with I through one of the player . int . molly apartment / live room - night molly 's watch the World Series of poker on she laptop . we can see that donnie 's one of the player as molly hit pause , make a note on a pad and then continue watch . molly ( v.o. ) ordinarily if you be at the final table at the World Series that would automatically disqualify you from play in my game but a Vegas contact tell I to look at the film . so that night I watch seven hour of the world 's worst spectator sport . CUT to : ext . outside the home of player X - day molly 's stand with a check for player X . player X be you fuckin’ nut ? donnie silverman win the World Series of poker . molly he take eleven hand at the final table . he have the nut on eight of they and three of that -- three -- be two - outer with four player still in the hand . he run hot . he do not lock he chip down , he 's reckless , give ton of action and just win 12 - million dollar . * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 72. player X ( beat ) okey-doke . CUT to : int . commerce casino - night molly ( v.o. ) next up be harlan eustis . molly 's watch harlan play at one of the table . he 's get big stack of chip in front of he . molly ( v.0o . ) player X say he meet he at the commerce casino and that he would be good for the game but I be not see what he be see . he play tight , fold after the hole card 64 percent of the time . harlan toss he card into the middle of the table . molly ( v.o . ) it be not clear where he money come from . he produce backyard wrestle video and other low - rent production -- quick CUT to : backyard wrestling video girl gone wild - type video amazing car chase -type video CUT back to : int . commerce casino - night -- as harlan win the hand and pull in he chip . molly ( v.0o . ) -- but worst of all , harlan eustice be a good card player . and player X know he be good but he want he anyway and he want he badly . you will see why in a moment . a * * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 73. ext . beautiful malibu beach house - evening two man in they 30s , brad and neal , be walk on the beach toward the house and we move in on brad -- molly ( v.0o . ) the third new recruit be Brad marion , who everyone call bad Brad because he be uniquely terrible at this game . if there be a worse player in the world , Brad would still find a way to lose to he . as brad and neal get closer to the house we can see bikini - clad woman and a few guy party around the hot tub . molly ( v.0o . ) I would be ask to throw together a game on a Saturday night at the malibu house of a man who make he money by co-starr in a sex video opposite a woman who make she money by be bear with it . int . malibu beach house - evening a game be underway . brad wait in the doorway and watch the game as neal approach molly . neal hey . molly hey , what be you do here ? neal I be three house down . Derrick say you be have a game and I want to -- molly put she finger up to say , '' just a second . '' she watch the end of the hand play out . molly ( back to Neal ) yeah . neal I just want to introduce you to Brad marion , he want to play . molly well if you give I he information I will check he out . ce ee a * * ho fhf he of * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 74 . neal no , Derrick 's gonna vouch for he . molly look at brad , a sweet if slightly odd guy with a slight facial tic . he 's look at the game like a kid ina candy store . then she step over to one of the player -- derrick -- and whisper in he ear . molly ( v.0o . ) '' Derrick 's gonna vouch for he '' mean Derrick would cover any loss if Brad do not pay . up to any amount . derrick nod he head '' yes '' without take he eye off the table . molly look at brad again , then wave he over . int . luxury HOTEL suite - night a game be underway and brad 's play now . molly ( v.o. ) but he could pay , and do . as we go through a series of cut show brad betting huge stack of chip , lose , buy in from molly for another 50k , betting huge , lose , etc . molly ( v.0o . ) bad Brad have raise 45 - million dollar for a fund that trade oil future and every week he come to the game , lose a quarter of a million dollar and tip I 10 - thousand so he could play the next week . he be not get any better and the guy be feast on he . brad lose another hand and walk over to Molly 's table . brad can I get another fifty ? molly hey , let 's talk for a second . brad sure . molly Brad , this game may not be for you . brad I know I be no card shark . hhh fh of * oe of he HH HH hk * * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 75 . molly no , you be not . molly show brad she computer screen -- molly ( cont 'd ) this be you loss after ten week . and you have win ... never . the strongest player have lose week and the weaker player get lucky but I have never see someone not win , you know , ever . it 's actually a statistical anomaly . brad yeah I know . I like play with the guy . I do not have that many friend . do not take my seat away , I can tip you more . molly no , you tip be very generous . how about if I get you some book to read ? or even a pro to give you lesson ? brad sure . maybe . let I think about it . molly ( pause ) okay . sign for fifty - thousand . molly pull chip while brad sign on a clipboard . molly ( v.o. ) turned out bad Brad know what he be do . he be get customer . he have drop 200 k at the game and pick up two -million for he hedge fund . derrick slap brad on the back -- derrick tell ‘em what 's smart this week . molly ( v.0o . ) more on that later as well but first the final recruit . * * ho HH hk ee ok + * * he ok * * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 76 . ext . dodger stadium / owner 's luxury BOX - night molly and some other nicely - dress people be watch the game in style but at this moment they be stand in nervous anticipation . some of the people be hold hand for luck and a couple be cover they eye . molly ( v.0o . ) I be in the owner 's box at dodger Stadium when people Magazine 's sexiest man alive call I . I be dating the owner 's son at the time and the night before we have have a discussion about priority . int . boyfriend 's bedroom - night the boyfriend 's in bed as molly come into the darken room , dress for the poker game she 's just come from . boyfriend it 's 4:30 in the morning . molly ( quietly ) hey babe , I be sorry to wake you up . boyfriend you do not wake I up , I have be wait up . molly you should not have , that 's why I have a key . boyfriend I do not know any other guy who have put up with he girlfriend stay out till 4:30 . dress like that for millionaire movie star , be the only woman in the room -- molly I be sorry , I do not realize until just now that you be mad . boyfriend when you be not run a game you be out recruiting , you sleep -- when you sleep -- you have two phone clutch to you chest , you go out in the middle of the night last night , I do not even know where -- * % * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 77 . molly it be to pick up a check from a player . I get a call . boyfriend you could not pick up the check in the morning ? molly you can not let a gambler sleep ona debt . boyfriend I do not think this argument 's gonna get I anywhere . molly you want to have sex like we be stranger ? boyfriend I want to make this work ! molly okay . okay . I do too . and tomorrow night I be gonna come with you to the game and I be not gonna make any call or take any call and I be gonna make a good impression on you parent . I be gonna be there just for you . molly ( v.o. ) I over-promise . ext . dodger stadium / owner 's luxury BOX - night back with molly , she boyfriend , the parent and other guest , some of whom be praying or cover they eye , etc . molly ( v.0o . ) ' Cause the thing be if you be sit in the owner 's box with the owner , who be also you boyfriend 's parent -- we see hit of the scoreboard that demonstrate what Molly 's talk about . * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 78 . molly ( v.0o . ) -- and you team be bat in the bottom of the ninth , down by a run , one out , runner on first and third and a win mean you be in the playoff , you be really not at that moment suppose to take a phone call . molly 's phone buzze and she sneak a peak at the caller id . the boyfriend clock this . molly ( v.0o . ) I want this man in the game , and not because he be people 's sexiest man alive . I already have three of they at the table . but this one be a heavyweight -- one of the biggest star in the world . a 9 - time grammy winner whose last two album debut at number - 1 on the billboard chart . smart , charismatic , and influential , he be not a recluse but you do not see he at party or club . he be powerful fish bait , he be whale bait , he be a actual rock star and he be good business . and if I have he as a ally I would not be dependant on player xx . molly make she decision , take out she phone , tell she boyfriend she 's sorry and she will be just a second and get the reaction you have expect . molly ( v.o. ) I will call he player y. molly ( into phone ) this be Molly . CUT to : the view ( file footage ) they come back from commercial with bumper music and animation . jenny mccarthy be introduce they next guest with a giant copy of Molly 's game project on the rear screen . * e k e k * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 79 . jenny mccarthy Molly Bloom be dub the poker princess for run underground high stake poker game for Hollywood superstar , Wall Street big wig -- good morning america ( file footage ) amy robach the new book , Molly 's game , just out today , be already make headline with big storey in vanity Fair and people Magazine . 20/20 ( file footage ) over a montage of seedy - nightlife -in-la shot -- voice over in the heart of Hollywood , hide beneath the notorious viper room , a narrow hallway lead into a musty room , a poker table , and the secret life of Molly Bloom . we hear molly 's voice off screen -- molly ( 0.s. ) not as secret as I would hope . we pull back and we be in -- int . charlie 's office - continuous -- as charlie click off the tv . Molly 's stand in the doorway . charlie hey. C ’mon in . throw you coat anywhere . molly thank you . charlie how be you flight ? molly just fine . charlie how be you pay for plane ticket between LA and New York ? Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) molly I have two-million point leave on my amex . they take away the card but they let I keep the point which I think be nice of they . charlie it be . so you have meeting . molly hm ? charlie you have meeting out in LA about the book ? molly I do . charlie with the studio . molly yes . and a few other people . charlie you have a agent work with you ? molly I do . charlie be there interest ? molly a company that own 400,000 video poker machine want to put my face on they . charlie anything else ? molly treat Magazine make a generous offer . charlie treat ? molly it 's a new magazine for the high - end photography enthusiast . 80 . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 81 . charlie they want you to pose naked . molly I would be the April treat . charlie I mean interest in the book . molly yes . charlie any offer ? molly a few I guess . a couple . Seven . charlie really . molly yes . charlie and ...? molly I pass . charlie you pass on seven offer . molly you will be pay , Charlie . charlie no , I be just curious why you pass on seven offer . molly Creative difference . should we start ? charlie okay , you see this ? charlie 's motion to a stack of document -- charlie ( cont ’d ) this be discovery . let 's see what we have discover . charlie will draw a crude diagram on a white board as he speak . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 82 . charlie ( cont ’d ) over here we have Michael druzhinsky , Michael anikovich and Michael slobo . the three mike . charlie draw three '' m 's and put a circle around it . * charlie ( cont ’d ) the three mike run a chain of corrupt medical clinic and they have be commit insurance fraud , wire fraud and mail fraud on a epic scale . over here be the taiwanchik - gershen Organization . * charlie write '' tgo '' and draw a circle around it . * charlie ( cont ’d ) they be a worldwide bookmake operation handle hundred of million of dollar a year in illegal sport betting . and over here be the habib -gershen * Organization . * charlie write '' hgo '' and draw a circle around it . the three * organization be now in a triangle on the white board . charlie ( cont ’d ) also a illegal bookmake operation but this one finance by a art gallery own by hillel habib who everyone call -- * molly helly . molly and charlie both understand that molly just admit to * know this guy . charlie ( pause ) this be the Russian mafia . and the three be tie together in the indictment through ...? a poker game . charlie write '' Molly '' in the middle of the triangle and * draw a circle around it . molly be they tapping my phone ? charlie no. Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) molly thank God . charlie they be tapping the phone of everyone you talk to . molly okay . charlie druzhinsky 's phone be tapped . they have get you confirm that you run rake game at various location in New York and they have also get a confidential informant confirm that you run rake game at various location in New York . you be in violation of 1955 - - that 's the part of the U.S. code that make it illegal to run a illegal gambling business . ( pause ) you know what you do ? you finish write you book before the good part happen . molly you get a kick outta yourself , do not you . charlie lift up a copy of Molly 's game -- charlie I do not like this picture . molly thank you . charlie you look like the cat who eat the canary and then tell the canary 's parent about it . molly I do not like it either but it 's the picture the publisher want and I be not give a vote . charlie I like the book though . a good story well tell . molly thank you . 83 . 84. charlie I need you to tell it again . from the beginning and this time without leave anything out . would you like a glass of water ? molly I would like a glass of bourbon . charlie and one more thing . molly yeah . charlie I need you hard drive . molly go back how far ? charlie what do you mean ? molly I keep my hard drive when I would buy a new laptop . charlie you be kid . molly it have record of who owed what and spreadsheet on the player . charlie they have more than that . every time you charge you phone by plugging it into you computer the computer record all you text message and e-mail . molly ( pause ) be you joke ? charlie I want to run a forensic imaging of you hard drive . molly no , I will be destroy that hard drive . 85 . charlie you can not , they be evidence . molly I be go to blow they up . I be literally go to use explosive and then scatter the remain in the Colorado River . charlie you already tell I they exist . molly you be just gonna have to pretend I do not tell you . charlie I can not do that . molly I do not have any hard drive , I work with a abacus . charlie Molly -- molly there be no hard drive ! charlie if you destroy evidence and obstruct justice on top of the charge already bring against you in this case , you will , I promise you , be incarcerate . molly you do not understand what 's in that text message . charlie I understand that you have have boyfriend and that there be gonna be private exchange . molly you do not understand . there be go to be that message and they 's 1ll be embarrassing but there be also go to be message that would destroy life . other life . there be message that would end career and obliterate family . if the text message be make public -- charlie they will not be . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 86 . molly if they be -- charlie they will not be . molly -- it would be catastrophic for many people . charlie I be a lawyer . I be legally -- molly no. charlie listen to I , I be legally prohibit from disclose -- molly my last lawyer sell my deposition to the National Enquirer , Charlie ! ( beat ) that happen . but the information in that deposition will be nothing compare to the consequence of that text message -- charlie hang on . charlie walk to he desk and pick up he copy of Molly 's game . molly Children will find out they father -- charlie the movie star you name in the book -- you have already name they under oath in the bad Brad marion deposition . molly it be that or perjure myself and Brad have already name everyone in the game . charlie that 's not what I be get at . you lawyer back then -- butterball -- molly butterman . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 87. charlie butterman leak you deposition to the tabloid ? molly yeah . charlie nod that now he understand ... molly ( cont 'd ) what . charlie that 's why that be the only real name you use in the book , the one that be give up by butterbean . molly yeah . charlie and be that why you have creative difference with the Hollywood offer ? they want information you will not give they ? molly none of this have anything to do with the Russian mob , right ? charlie what 's on the hard drive , Molly ? famous marry guy hit on you ? molly nod she head '' yeah '' . charlie pick up he cell phone and toss it to she . molly what 's this ? charlie it 's get every e-mail and text message I have send in the last year as well as a variety of incriminate evidence about my client . if anything of yours leak you can sell my phone to the high bidder and I will lose my job and be disbarre . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 88 . molly in order to demonstrate the sanctity of you attorney / client confidentiality you be betray the confidentiality of all you other client ? charlie I know you be not gonna read it . if you be have a hard time trust I , maybe it will help to know I trust you . molly take a long moment before she say -- molly I will fly home to Colorado and be back the next day with the hard drive . molly toss Charlie 's phone back to he . molly ( v.o. ) here 's how I lose the LA game . CUT to : int . luxury suite - night harlan eustice stare silently at card we can not see . then he explode -- harlan motherfucker ! harlan 's freeze in furious silence for a moment . the other player be quiet and do not look at he . harlan grab some food that 's on a plate and throw it at diego -- harlan ( cont 'd ) fuck you ! diego be professional and do not react . harlan ( cont 'd ) fuck you , you mexican fuck ! harlan do not get far in he tirade before molly quickly step in and defuse the situation . harlan ( cont 'd ) you undocumented fuck border jump fuck ! * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 89 . molly hey hey ! ( to harlan ) you get out on the terrace . harlan ( to diego ) you have be pullin’ that shit all night ! molly ( to harlan ) out on the terrace . now . molly motion to cassie , the relief dealer , the way a baseball manager would motion to the bullpen . molly walk diego away from the table -- molly ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) you good ? diego yeah . molly have a drink . molly go out on to -- ext . terrace - continuous -- where harlan 's wait . molly what the hell . harlan I will apologize to Diego . molly yeah and you be gonna go home , I be make a floor call , that 's it . harlan do not say anything - - he just stare out at Los Angeles ... molly ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) do you hear I ? harlan I do not have it . * % Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 90 . molly ( beat ) you do not have what ? harlan look at molly very simply ... harlan the million - two , I do not have it . molly take that in ... molly ( v.0o . ) it be 5 be on Saturday . this game begin at 7 pm on Thursday . int . HOTEL suite - night everyone 's much fresher and more energetic . diego 's deal . harlan I rent out the whole courtyard of the buffalo Club , it 's 1ll be about a hundred people . kumamoto oyster , snow crab , lobster -- molly ( v.0o . ) harlan eustice be the producer of backyard wrestle video who player X badly want in the game . harlan be excited about the surprise 40th birthday party he be throw for he wife in 24 hour . harlan kobe beef , black truffle pasta , dover sole -- molly ( v.0o . ) I like harlan . there be no affectation , no hollywood , no floss - - he be not tick off the menu item to show off , he be genuinely excited about the party he be give he wife . harlan she do not know anything , she think we be have dinner with she brother and he wife . molly ( v.0 . ) but nobody else like he except player x. ( more ) * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 91 . molly ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he play tight , do not give a lot of action and always get he money in good which mean he be run the odd . in other word he be play poker and the other be gambling . in a series of shot we see harlan fold hand -- harlan ( toss in he card ) fold . later -- harlan ( cont 'd ) fold . later -- harlan toss in he card -- later -- harlan ( cont 'd ) ( toss he card ) nope . later -- harlan haul in a huge pile of chip after a win . molly ( v.o. ) and he win . int . luxury suite - later cassie 's deal in the middle of a hand . there 's already a small pot in the middle and the only two player leave be harlan and brad . the four card turn over in the middle be queen-eight - nine -nine . molly ( v.0o . ) by midnight harlan have triple he original fifty - thousand dollar buy - in but everything come off the rail with one hand . and that 's how it happen , that 's how you go full tilt . harlan , the best player at the table , the best player at most table , be about to get bluff off the nut by , of all people , bad Brad . cassie turn over a fifth card -- a king . he ok Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 92 . molly ( v.0o . ) how ? because this be only Brad 's second game , harlan have not be at he first , and harlan do not know yet that Brad be bad . animation show harlan 's hand -- a 8 and a 9 - - which when add to the table card ( kq899 ) give harlan a full house . molly ( v.o. ) harlan 's get a boat , nine 's full . animation show Brad with a 3 and a 5 , which when add to the table card equal nothing . molly ( v.0o . ) Brad 's get nothing but he pre-flop betting make it look , entirely accidentally , like there be a chance he have pocket king , which , if true , would give he the better full house . harlan count he chip and push some into the pot -- harlan 30 - thousand . brad begin count he chip . molly ( v.0o . ) and there it be . Brad 's count off 30 - thousand which mean he 's gonna call and harlan know that if Brad 's gonna call and not raise it mean he do not have the boat and he 's betting a high two - pair - - probably king and queen . but then instead of call the bet -- brad push all he chip in -- brad I be all in . molly ( v.0o . ) -- Brad push 72 - thousand dollar into the pot . harlan look at Brad . every tell harlan know about -- carotid artery pump , stiff hand - - Brad 's do the opposite . harlan 's betting have represent a huge hand by call on the flop , check -raise the turn and bombing the river . ( more ) Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) molly ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) of course harlan do not know that Brad do not know what any of that mean . so harlan , always a good sport , say -- harlan Nice bet . I be lay this down . molly ( v.0 . ) -- as he toss in what he do not realize be the win hand . Brad toss in he card too and one of they flip over and harlan see it 's not a king . brad oh , sorry about that . harlan put he finger on the flip card to keep the dealer from collect it . harlan you do not have pocket king ? brad I do not have any king . except the one in the middle . harlan you have two pair ? brad I have one pair , the nine in the middle . everyone start laugh raucously at harlan -- ask '' how could you fold that ?! '' , '' Bill buckner ! '' -- further humiliate harlan and patting Brad on the back . harlan be freeze . face . molly of course be clocking all this . molly ( v.0o . ) it be not even that it be that much money -- harlan only lose about 40 - thousand on the hand -- harlan get up and start pace around the room . molly ( v.0o . ) -- but a circuit breaker blow and harlan be out for blood . everyone 's . harlan walk up to molly -- * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 94 , molly ( quietly ) you have get 51 - thousand on the table , you want another 50 ? harlan gimme another hundred . molly ( beat ) sign here for 100 - thousand . molly start to pull the chip and we -- CUT to : int . luxury suite - later harlan watch while another pair of hand haul in the pot . he get up and go to molly . molly ( v.o. ) by 5 be harlan be down half a million . he would abandon everything he know about poker and be play like a frat kid--swinging for a home run on every hand . harlan another hundred . molly harlan -- harlan Molly . please . let 's go . molly sign here for a hundred . int . HOTEL suite - later the staff close the curtain to shut out the daylight . two new player walk in , freshly dress for work . molly ( v.0o . ) text message be go out let everyone know harlan be bleed . guy be come by to play for a couple of hour before work . they would be lose to he for month . everyone want a check from harlan eustice . * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 95 . harlan 's pour himself a Red bull and vodka as Molly walk * up to he . molly if you go home now you can get a few hour sleep before Sheila 's party . harlan soon. molly you be on tilt -- everybody know it . * and you be play without the ammunition you need to win . harlan you be right . molly ( beat ) * alright , thank you . harlan give I 500 - thousand . molly look at he ... * harlan ( cont 'd ) I be just gonna get back to even . molly look at he and then pull $ 500,000 in chip and * count they for harlan . molly ( v.0 . ) that should be the second line of every gambler 's obit . '' Mr. feldstein die while try to get back to even . '' harlan never do . and he never get to he wife 's birthday party . she file for divorce two day later but there be one last punch come that would put harlan on the floor for good . int . luxury HOTEL suite - later the staff open the curtain and it 's dark outside again . a * room service cart be be push into the hall by one of the female staff . harlan and another player in he 30 's be the only two in the hand but everyone 's watch with great interest . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 96 . molly ( v.0o . ) harlan be head - up against a guy name Frederick who be austrian royalty -- the son of a Count in the House of habsburg and a distant cousin of Marie antoinette . again , we see animation on the screen as molly describe they hand . molly ( v.0o . ) harlan have pocket queen . his excellency have Ace -king . they be both in 65 k pre-flop . diego burn a card and then deal three in the middle . molly ( v.0o . ) the flop 's queen-seven -seven . harlan have a full - house again , queen full of seven -- with three round of betting in front of he . the Count have nothing . frederick stack he chip and push they all in . molly ( v.o. ) and the Count go all in . he want harlan to think he 's get two more seven under there . bite I , say harlan , he 's not fall for this again and he snap call all in . there 's $ 750,000 on the table . Diego burn a card and deal the turn . a king . otto von bismarck now have two pair , king and seven , but two - pair 's nothing next to a full house . and at this point , the only hand leave that can beat a queen full house -- diego turn over the fifth card . it 's a king -- molly ( v.0o . ) -- be a king full house . Captain von trapp bluff two pair and river into king full ! then all of a sudden -- harlan motherfucker ! we be back at the scene we see before . harlan 's freeze in furious silence for a moment . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 97 . the other player be quiet and do not look at he . harlan grab some food that 's on a plate and throw it at Diego -- harlan ( cont 'd ) fuck you ! diego be professional and do not react . harlan ( cont 'd ) fuck you , you mexican fuck ! harlan do not get far into he tirade before molly quickly * step in and defuse the situation . harlan ( cont 'd ) you undocumented fuck border jump fuck ! molly hey hey ! ( to harlan ) you get out on the terrace . harlan ( to Diego ) you have be pullin’ that shit all night ! molly ( to harlan ) out on the terrace . molly motion to cassie , the relief dealer , the way a baseball manager would motion to the bullpen . molly walk diego away from the table -- * molly ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) you good ? diego yeah . molly have a drink . molly go out on to -- ext . terrace - continuous -- where harlan 's wait . molly what the hell . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) harlan I will apologize to Diego . molly yeah and you be gonna go home , I be make a floor call , that 's it . harlan do not say anything - - he just stare out at Los Angeles ... molly ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) do you hear I ? harlan I do not have it . molly ( beat ) you do not have what ? harlan look at molly very simply ... harlan a million - two , I do not have it . molly take that in ... molly ( pause ) go home . harlan I be sorry . molly we will meet tomorrow and talk about what to do . ( beat ) and what you have gotta do be tell Sheila the truth , okay , you tell she the truth . tell she what happen . and I be gonna help you , I be gonna get you to a meeting . we will talk tomorrow and figure out what to do about the money . molly ( v.0 . ) harlan and I do not meet the next day . he just call I and say everything be okay and show up the next week with a check . 98 . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 99 . ext . brentwood mansion - day molly 's stand in front of she car , a mercede convertible , in the middle of a slightly heat exchange with player x. molly where do he get the money from ? player X I loan it to he . molly loan it ? player X I get 50 % of he win until the debt 's pay off and then 50 % for the next two year with no exposure . molly you be take 50 % of he win and no exposure on the loss . player X yeah . molly first of all he will never climb out of that , that 's sharecropper math . second , you can not stake a player and play in the game at the same time . player X I have be do it for three year . molly 's stunne ... molly ( pause ) you have be stake harlan ? player X yeah . molly ( beat ) Jesus Christ -- player X it 's not cheating . molly it be a hundred percent cheating . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 100 . player X tell I how it 's cheating . molly be you kid ? player X tell I how it 's cheating . molly if you have a interest in another player win ? player X you think I be gonna take a dive ? and if I do , who would care ? molly you fold you hole card -- a five of club and a jack of heart -- he 's still in the game . it would benefit he to know that the five of heart and jack of spade be no longer in play , do not you think ? player X you think I be signal he ? molly I be say it can not fuckin’ happen again . player X ( pause ) you know who the biggest winner in this game be ? molly you . player X you know who the second biggest winner be ? molly look -- player X you . molly we have have this conversation a couple of time before . molly get Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 101 . player X maybe it 's time to have it again . ' Cause between you , the dealer and the girl you be take a lot of money out of the game . molly you make more money play poker this year than you do make movie . player X I think we should talk again about capping you tip . molly you want to get together with the other player -- who on my tax return be call client -- and discuss put a ceiling on my wage . player X that 's right . molly it will be America 's most closely - watch anti-trust case . player X be you threaten I ? molly that 's movie dialogue and you be threaten I . here 's you check . I will see you Tuesday . back into she car . player X come over to the driver 's side to say one last thing ... player X you be sleep with he , right ? molly ( pause ) harlan ? player X no . molly ( v.0 . ) I know he mean player y. player X be he write a song about you , be you he muse ? * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 102 . molly I will see you Tuesday . CUT to : int . luxury suite - night a game be underway and we see the hand of player X . we move down the table and see another pair of hand . they belong to player y . molly ( v.0o . ) I always find player y to be a nice guy . polite , a good loser , a good winner , and unflappable in the face of boorishness . derrick tell we who you be fuck besides you famous girlfriend . player y no one , and can we maybe not talk like this in front of Molly ? int . home recording studio - night player y be play a few chord for molly in he home studio- -a few gold record on the wall along with a bank of grammy and other award . molly ( v.0 . ) I would go to the Hollywood Hills home he share with he girlfriend to drop off or pick up a check and sometimes he have play I a little of whatever he be work on . player y 's girlfriend step in -- she 's in the middle of dress for a night out . girlfriend Excuse I . you gotta get dress , we be gonna be late . ( to molly ) be it millie ? player y Molly . molly millie 's fine . * * * % + the * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 103. int . gym - night molly 's work out on a bike in the gym in she building . her phone buzy and she check the text . molly ( v.0o . ) he start texting I -- mostly game stuff but once in a while a joke or a compliment . int . molly apartment / bedroom - night molly 's sit up in bed read . her phone ring . molly ( v.0o . ) it be around lam on the night of the american Music Award when my phone ring . she look at the caller id . molly ( into phone ) hello ? player y ( from the phone ) where be you ? molly ( v.0o . ) he be hammer . molly be you alright ? ( into phone ) player y ( from the phone ) be you home ? molly ( into phone ) I be . player y where be you home ? molly ( into phone ) listen , bud , you be waste . can you get home ? player y ( from the phone ) I want to come over . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 104 . molly 's in a tough spot and need to navigate this carefully ... molly ( pause ) do you think that 's a good idea ? player y I want to hang out with you outside that room with that idiot stare at you . molly ( pause ) how be the ama 's ? player y a lot of fake people . viner and YouTube star . I sing like I be in the high school play . I be have a low self - image moment . what be you wear ? molly I be sorry ? player y I want to tell you something . molly ( beat ) go ahead . player y no , I want to whisper it in you ear . molly listen -- player y it 's not a bad idea . it 's not , I have think about it . you break up with you boyfriend and I go alone tonight so what do that say about the state of my , uh , you know ... I think about you all the time . you be so cool . and nice . I be in a car right now , I want to come over . molly ( beat ) you be not drive the car , right ? player y where do you live ? * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 105 . molly okay , listen to I . you be drunk and I be not so I be gonna be team captain , okay ? I want you to hang up the phone and think about this for 30 minute . drink a lot of water , get some air and think about this for 30 minute . if you be still sure it 's a good idea in 30 minute , call I back . player y ( from the phone ) I think -- no , I know I be fall in -- molly hang up . molly ( v.0o . ) he do not call back . int . luxury HOTEL suite - night the player be do they pre-game mingling . molly ( v.o. ) at the game Tuesday night he be sheepish and say -- player y ( whisper ) I pass out . thank you , you be a class act . molly ( whisper ) do not worry about it . player y ( whisper ) I be write you a email . molly ( whisper ) you do not have to do that . player y ( whisper ) it 's in draft . when I get it right I will hit send . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 106 . int . molly car - night it 's late at night and molly 's drive along sunset . molly ( v.0o . ) I assume the email be go to be a apology which really be not necessary -- that he be embarrassed , that kind of thing . her phone buzy on the passenger seat and she answer . molly ( v.0o . ) it turn out it be a invitation to go with he to cabo San Lucas . ext . molly 's car - same time we be on the outside of the car now . player y ( v.o. ) I have only ever have one fantasy . I be sit on a plane and a beautiful woman sit down next to I . I be messenger you a ticket to cabo . leave Friday , return Sunday . you seat be 1 - B . I will be in 1 - a . and then Molly 's car screech to the side of the road , almost fishtail . molly ( v.0o . ) it be not until I be finish read that I see that the email be not from player y . it be from he girlfriend . int . molly car - same time molly 's sit there breathe , try to think . her cell start ringing in she hand ... molly ( v.0o . ) his girlfriend have go into he account and find the letter in draft . and she send it to I . and she send it to the wife and girlfriend of everyone who play in the game . and I know the truth even before I answer the call that come next . molly finally answer the phone -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 107 . player X ( over phone ) you be so fuck . molly take a beat and snap the phone close . then she get out of she car , which be on the side of the street , and lean against it with the occasional car pass by . molly ( v.0o . ) you do not have to be a strategic mastermind to know what be come next . the musician and he girlfriend stay together on the condition that he not play in my game and that be all player xx need to get the other guy to fire I . I have make a dumb joke about a anti-trust suit and I never run another game in LA . we stay on molly for a long moment , watch she from a long way down the street , she silhouette lean against the car . CUT to : int . charlie 's office - day molly and charlie have be at it for a while . charlie there 's no such word as verticality . molly verticality ? charlie in the book , on page 217 . when you lose the game in LA and come to New York you admire the city 's verticality . molly it 's a word . charlie I do not think so . once you be in New York you talk about game that last all night , two night , be up for day but you do not mention drug . molly there be drug . I be two year clean . oe of ho HH HH HH hf * CUT to : Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 108 . charlie you leave the drug out of the book . molly you know what , I be not pay $ 250,000 for you amazon customer review . charlie well so far you be not pay I anything . molly I just email you verticality from merriam - webster 's dictionary . charlie what 's a advance on a book like this ? molly the advance ? charlie yeah . molly ( pause ) it depend . int . agent 's office - day molly 's talk to she agent , lois . lois if you guarantee the publisher certain element -- if you be able to guarantee that -- then I can get you a million and a half which you would probably double in sale plus ancillary rights . molly what kind of element ? lois well you know what kind . molly lois -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 109 . lois you have to use real name . you have to name the bold - face name . you have to tell tale and that tale have to be compelling and that 's just the way it be . ( pause ) there 's a guy who sit outside my Starbucks with a cardboard sign that say , '' Vietnam vet '' and every morning I give he a quarter and right now the only difference between you and he be that you have a story . molly I be one - thousand percent sure that the homeless Vietnam vet have a better one . lois you have one asset . write you story and I can get you a million and a half and that 's the floor . write about a girl from loveland who get rich and then lose everything in a civil forfeiture and no one -- listen to I -- no one will care . not the publisher and not the reader . molly ( pause ) it 's none of my business but you should really give that guy more than a quarter . lois million or nothing . go big or go home and live with you mother . for the rest of you life . this be excruciate for molly ... molly ( pause ) what if I ... what if you tell the publisher that I 'il name the player who be already name in the Brad marion deposition ? lois all four ? he ok oe of ee ok * % * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 110 . molly the one that be already -- i’1l use the real name of the player who be already name by bad Brad , what if I do that ? emily they be gonna want to know what storey you be willing to tell . you spend 8 year in Hollywood and 2 year in New York run the world 's most exclusive , glamorous and decadent man cave . so what do the publisher get from you about people with real name ? molly take a long time before ... molly ( long pause ) one of they be a bad tipper . i’1l say which one . molly and lois sit there for a moment as lois tap she pen lightly on she desk and we CUT back to : int . charlie 's office - day molly my advance be thirty - five thousand dollar . charlie how do you meet the playmate ? molly I would meet they a few year earlier on a G - 5 to Vegas . charlie how do you have occasion to be on a private jet to Vegas with playboy playmate ? molly I be the ceo of douchebag Inc. , I often have occasion to be on private jet to Vegas with playboy playmate . what 's we plan ? ee ok * % Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 111 . charlie the first thing I be gonna do be get you a minor role reduction , get the 12 point knock down to 10 . molly what 's a minor role reduction ? charlie I be gonna argue to the prosecutor that you do not play a leadership role . that you be a employee who be hire and fire by the player . molly not a chance . charlie I think we have get a good chance . molly no , there 's not a chance I be gonna let you make that argument . charlie why not ? molly it 's not true . charlie let I explain how the point system work . molly I know how it work . point correspond to the prosecutor 's sentencing recommendation . you try to get point reduction base on a variety of factor include , say , prior criminal history , which I do not have , or whether the defendant play a minor role , which I certainly do not . charlie you really think this be a good time to hog credit ? molly I build it from scratch . charlie there be already a game at the viper room when you come along . * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 112. molly the LA game be legal , I be not take a rake . I be talk about the New York game which I build and scale from scratch . I be not fireable from the New York game , I make sure of that , so ...no . charlie I be not really listen . molly I be refuse you permission to seek a minor role reduction . I be refuse you permission to invalidate my entire career . charlie I be not caring . molly Charlie -- charlie do you want kid ? be you interested in have a family ? molly absolutely . charlie I do not get some point reduction and the sentencing recommendation guideline say 8 to 12 year , Molly . that 's before they try to jam you up more with money launder . molly money -- charlie the moment you change the Russians 's money for chip . molly I would have to be aware that -- charlie find I twelve man and woman who will believe you be not aware of exactly who be sit at you table and where they money come from . ( pause ) ( more ) * % Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 113. charlie ( cont 'd ) so that 's that . you be a cocktail waitress . CUT to : ext . STREET - night molly 's right where we leave she , lean against she car . molly ( v.o. ) when I lose the LA game I tell myself it be no big deal . it be just suppose to be a adventure and a way to meet influential people . and I would save over two - hundred thousand dollar . int . molly apartment - night molly 's sit at she kitchen table , wear the sweatshirt and Denver broncos cap we see she in earlier . she 's listen to she ipod and stare into space . she 's depressed and we ’1ll watch the depression turn into anger and then action . molly ( v.o. ) but that be just a weak firewall I would hastily build to keep out the humiliation and depression I know be come . int . L.A. bar - night molly 's at the end of the bar drink alone . molly ( v.o . ) it have to end sometime , I just think it would be on my time . I do not think it be gonna be take away from I . and for such a stomach - turn reason . int . gym - night molly 's work out in the otherwise desert gym in she apartment building but this be a angry work - out -- the cardio equivalent of revenge sex . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 114 . molly ( v.0o . ) I make the real housewive of the chateau marmont uncomfortable because I unambiguously reject pass from they degenerate husband and boyfriend ? thanks lady . ext . runyon canyon - day it 's raining and molly 's cut through the rain , jogging up a path with she athlete 's body beat the incline and again , this no fun-run . molly ( v.0o . ) and thanks fella . you trust I for eight year and I prove worthy of that trust , over and over , and none of you could speak up ? molly hit another gear and disappear around a curve in the path as we -- CUT to : int . molly apartment - night molly 's sit on she windowsill with the window open and smoking a joint . molly ( v.o. ) the game have give I a identity , respect , and a define place ina world that be inaccessible and in one irrational heartbeat it be take away . I be irrelevant and forget overnight . int . therapist 's waiting room - day it 's a small privacy room . molly come in , see the button she 's suppose to press to announce she arrival and push it . 115 . molly ( v.0o . ) it would be two week since I lose the game and I make a appointment to see someone because now the humiliation and depression have give way to a blind anger at my powerlessness over the unfair whim of man who have leverage over I and I want to talk it out with someone . molly pick up a magazine and start thumbing through it . molly ( v.0o . ) that be it , that 's what be make I angry . it be that there be not any rule . this power move be not frame by right and wrong , just ego and vanity . she put the magazine back and pick up a different one . molly ( v.o. ) selfish whim with no regard to consequence . no fairness , no justice . and that giggle , cackle call from player X -- quick CUT to : int . molly car - night the scene we see earlier -- player X ( over the phone ) you be so fuck . CUT back to : int . therapist 's waiting room - day molly ( v.o. ) I could not lose to that green - screen little shit and I do not want a therapist to make I feel okay about it . you know what make you feel okay about lose ? win . molly toss the magazine back , grab she bag , turn the arrival light switch back off and head out the door . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 116 . molly ( v.o. ) I get on a plane to New York . CUT to : ext. / EST . plaza HOTEL - night we see the famous landmark in all its beauty and then we pull back to see molly head into the hotel . * molly ( v.0o . ) Wall Street , madison Avenue , fifth Avenue , sutton place , the dakota , the Beresford , the San remo - - the player be here , I just have to bait the hook . this time I do not have movie star . int . HOTEL bar - night * molly ( v.o . ) * this time I use playboy playmate . * a beautiful playmate name jesse be sit at the bar . she 's wait for someone and check the front door when molly sit down on the other side of she and tap she shoulder . they give each other a hug . molly ( v.o. ) and this be not just any playmate . they have particular skill set . jesse be Puerto rican knockout who grow up work in card room and be a good player herself . int . HOTEL bar - later * molly , jesse and two other playmate -- shelby and winston , be * sit at a table with a '' reserve '' sign on it . they spend * drink be be replace with a new round . * molly ( v.0o . ) * I could stake she , infiltrate other game and poach they big ticket player . she could glance at a table and tell you how much money be on it . molly hold a plastic sandwich bag fill with different color poker chip , take out a fist - full of chip and throw they on the table . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 117 . jesse six-hundred and forty - thousand , eight -hundre dollar . molly not even close . jesse no , that 's how much be leave in the bag . molly smile . int . HOTEL bar - later shelby be tapping away at a laptop -- molly ( v.o. ) Shelby could write code and be a decent hacker . right now I have ask she to tell I my account balance at B of A. molly ( to shelby ) you get it yet or be you play minecraft ? shelby play minecraft . molly Shelby -- shelby you do not have a account at B of A. here 's you balance at citibank . shelby turn she laptop around to show molly . molly 's pleased . int . HOTEL bar - later winston 's write on a napkin with a sharpie . she 's write in farsi and she penmanship be beautiful . molly ( v.0o . ) Winston would be work for the CIA if she could pass a drug test . she be the daughter of a american diplomat who 's live in nine different country and who have the email address of half the Saudi royal family . * ek Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 118. molly ( to winston ) who 's the biggest game in Manhattan and what be the stake ? winston on any give night it 's either Eddie ting or irv gotti . 50 k buy - in , blind be one - thousand / two - thousand . molly right . winston but that 's Manhattan . molly * ( beat ) * what do you mean ? * winston * the biggest game in New York be in * Brooklyn . Russian Jews . buy -in 's a * hundred K. no one run the game , * they just play and pay . molly I do not know that . winston that 's what you have I for . molly tomorrow night we start recruiting . * int . upscale nightclub - night it 's high - end decadence . crowd with beautiful people and pulsing with house music . molly , jesse , shelby and winston , all dress for the job-- sexy but not slutty -- be stand on the balcony that wrap around the club so they can get a bird 's - eye view of the floor . molly ( v.0o . ) we could not promise anyone they have rub elbow with movie star , but New York have one thing Hollywood do not . the yankee . and there be one yankee in particular that every man in America would line up to lose to . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 119 . molly you do not say he name out loud . write it on a cocktail napkin , then crumple the napkin up and put it in a glass of water so they can see the ink dissolve . shelby that 's really necessary ? molly it 's not at all necessary . shelby get it . winston can we tell they when the game 's gonna start ? molly you tell they it 's be happen once a week for about six month at a location you will not disclose right now . there 's a pretty long wait list for a chair but Molly 's here somewhere tonight , I will introduce you . shelby do we mention the stake ? molly they will ask you . jesse 50 k buy - in , blind be one and two ? and now Molly stare down at something ... nothing ... she 's think ... jesse ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) mol ? molly ( pause ) two-hundred and fifty . jesse blind be two -fifty and five ? molly no , the buy -in . two-hundred and fifty - thousand dollar . 120 . jesse that 's gonna make a lot of noise . molly just enough to be hear on rodeo drive . guy ? you be up . molly downs she glass of scotch and walk away . int . night club - later Men have now descend on they table . jesse write a name on a cocktail napkin and show it to the guy she 's be talk to . we see the guy mouth '' seriously ? '' and jesse nod before she drown the cocktail napkin in she drink . we see molly watch this from a distance . molly ( v.o. ) we go to club , polo match in the hampton , art gallery opening -- int . art gallery open - night molly 's look at a painting while shelby talk to a trust fund kid . molly ( v.o. ) they never approach anyone , the man come to they . shelby I do not think you would be interested . the buy - in 's 250 k and half the player re-load after two hand . trust fund kid two-hundred and fifty thousand be steep . that 's almost what I pay for my second car . int . wall STREET bar - night winston be have a drink and a quiet conversation with a man at the bar . molly 's farther down the bar watch the news on the tv . molly ( v.0o . ) and they never ask anyone to play . the game have to be a impossible ticket . ( more ) Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 121. molly ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it have to be clandestine and sexy but above all , it have to be exclusive . what this man want be to want . they have to ask we . winston ( to the man ) you should talk to my friend Molly . int . art gallery open - night shelby ( to the older man ) I can introduce you to Molly . int . night club - night jesse ( introduce they ) Molly , this be David . CUT to : int . plaza HOTEL suite - night a magnificent suite with breathtaking view of the city . the shuffle master rip through a deck . a full game be underway with the playmate work the bar and as server . a uniform masseuse be work on someone 's shoulder . molly 's observe the action . molly ( v.o . ) it only take seven week of recruiting to get ten player and there be four on a wait list and this circle that be more than enough to start the mythology . by morning , gambler would be hearing and tell storey about this game in London , Tokyo and Dubai . at the end of that year I report a income of four-million , seven-hund and seventy - three thousand dollar . every square inch of it legal and on the book . I still have not take a rake . and I still have not accidentally recruit member of a Russian crime syndicate . * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 122. int . plaza HOTEL suite - night close on a aderall pill be crush with a mortar and pestle . we pull back and see it 's molly . molly ( v.0o . ) in the beginning I be use drug to stay awake . first aderall . then aderall crush up to defeat the time release . we go through a series of shot show molly and the playmate get ready for a game . -- shelby , jesse , and winston be in various state of dress and have fun try on different outfit drink champagne , do line of coke , etc . molly ( v.o. ) then coke , valium , vicodin , percocet and more aderall . int . molly apartment - day a luxury rental with a poker table in the live room . four flat screen tv 's be be bolt to the wall . molly ( v.o. ) I rent a penthouse apartment and install plasma screen for the sport better . I have the lower stake game on wednesday , thursdays , and Sunday at my place with Tuesday night at the Plaza be the big game . int . plaza HOTEL suite - night -- a bottle of champagne be open and pour . a glass be set down next to molly , who 's at the desk with she laptop open . we see quick shard of information on she screen -- molly ( v.0o . ) my spreadsheet would tell I who be play tonight , what they track record be , where I have to cut off they credit , everything down to they kid 's birthdays . -- candle be be light and place around the room . a table clock get put out of sight . a ipod get pop into a dock . * HH hk Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 123. molly ( v.0o . ) casino have discover that certain scent make people more likely to place big bet . the casinos pump that scent in through the ventilation . I have custom candle make . -- a poker table get stand up by two dealer -- one male , one female . twenty brand new deck of card with Molly 's initial * get stack on the table . bellmen be bring in stool . molly ( v.0o . ) at 7:00 the dealer come and the table be set up and polished and eleven stool be place around it exactly twelve inch apart . -- a case of chip be open and stack count . the chip be beautiful and heavy and engrave with Molly 's initial . * include among the chip be rectangular gold plate that say '' mb '' but have no denomination . * molly ( v.o. ) I use custom chip and two dealer who work a hour on , a hour off with a new crew come in after twelve hour . * -- the female dealer , a tall knockout , fan a deck out in front of she and sweep it up with one card . she repeat this as well as a few other simple trick that show how fast and nimble she hand be . molly ( v.o. ) I would be work with a new dealer name small , that be she name , and small be 5 - 11 . she have be work in trashy card room on the east side and we become friend . int . plaza HOTEL suite / bedroom * molly 's write check and put they into envelope and * SMALL be sit up in the bed with she shoe kick off . * SMALL * you have gotta do it . not do it be * insanity . you must be able to see * that now . * molly ( v.0o . ) * small have be suggest it for a * long time and she be suggest it again because of a incident the * week before . * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 124. pre -lap a doorbell -- CUT to : int . molly apartment - day molly , in jeans and a t-shirt , answer she door . cole , the trust fund kid we see earlier , be stand there . molly hey Cole . cole hey . molly come on in . cole thanks . you have get my check ? molly ( pick up a envelope ) I do , right here . cole thank you . molly hey , can I show you something on tv ? ken be it Michigan / Michigan State ? I take State and the point . molly click she tv on with the remote . the tv 's show a quad split of tape from four security camera train on a poker game . molly this be last Tuesday night 's game . cole shit. Molly . if the guy find out you have get camera on they -- molly ( point ) this be you in the seventh chair . look at you stack of chip . cole uh-huh . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 125 . molly look at the time stamp - - 1:06 be . let 's fast forward to 1:07 . cole what be this ? molly come on , Cole . 1:07 you lose the hand to boosty . 1:08 . ( she fast forward to 1:08 ) we sheet say you do not buy in again between 1:06 and 1:08 but look at that -- you stack get bigger . ken Molly -- molly so let 's rewind . this screen 's get the dealer changeover while at the same time back on this screen ... aaaaaand -- there we be . we push in on the tv and see cole drop he hand below the table -- presumably into he jacket pocket -- take out a cigarette and casually drop some chip in front of himself like he have be play with the chip all along . molly ( cont 'd ) and that 's why I can not reconcile seventeen - thousand dollar from Tuesday 's game . ( pause ) a 7 - 11 's get security camera on they slushy machine , I have get a million dollar change hand every two minute , imbecile , you do not think I have eye on the table ? cole start breathe heavily -- molly ( cont 'd ) shh--relax . cole I owe people money . molly I know , so why be not it come out of the trust fund . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 126. cole * I would need my parent 's permission and they have kill I . you do not even understand -- molly alright . look , first of all , that guy who make the counterfeit chip , they be take you for a ride . they know there be signature build into the chip -- exact weight , infra-re marking -- * breathe . second , do not try this at someone else 's game because they be gonna express they anger in a much different way than I be . I will cover you , you owe I 17 - thousand dollar * and when I get it I will give you the tape . that 's it . * molly ( v.0 . ) so when Tuesday night come , small be at it again . CUT back to : * int . HOTEL bedroom - night * through the open door we can see the suite be prepare for * the game . SMALL you exposure 's crazy , Molly . it 's not if , it 's when . you be gonna get stiffe and you risk be nut . molly it be 17 - thousand dollar . SMALL this time . you tell I what happen with harlan eustice . molly he pay . SMALL that time . molly if I take a rake this game would no longer be legal . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 127 . SMALL and if you can not cover a debt this game will no longer exist . you be the bank now , you be guarantee the game . molly do not say anything ... SMALL ( cont 'd ) ( sit up ) alright . but if you see a hand you do not want to carry , just look at I , flash I a number and I ’1l1 take that number off the table . most runner cap it at 5 percent . I will see you out there . molly see you out there . SMALL go back out into the main room and molly start fill in another check . she stop , think , take a couple of pill , chew they up and wash the bad taste down with champagne as we -- CUT to : int . plaza HOTEL suite - later a hand be underway with SMALL deal . molly watch from a short distance as the pot get bigger and bigger . molly ( v.o. ) around 2 be there be a pot that be up to a million and a half pre-flop with five player still in . SMALL burn a card and lay out the flop . molly ( v.0o . ) my hope be that the flop would chase four of they off . player # 1 a hundred - thousand . player # 2 call . player # 3 call and raise a hundred - thousand . SMALL two-hundred thousand to you . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 128. player # 4 plus two -hundre . SMALL ( to player # 1 ) Three - hundred thousand to you . player # 1 call . molly ( v.0 . ) there be now two - point four million on the table . player # 2 call . molly ( v.0o . ) two -point six million . player # 3 call . player # 4 call . molly ( v.0o . ) Three million . SMALL burn another card and lay out the turn . molly 's think . molly ( v.o. ) she be right , I be extend credit , big number . and it 's not like harlan eustice have not already put the fear of God into I . if I could not pay , one time , that have be the end of the game . I be the house . she catch SMALL 's eye and hold up two finger while mouth '' two '' . SMALL 's quick hand begin to stack the chip in the pot , knock two percent off one of the stack , tapping that chip on the table so the player know she 's do it and slide the chip to the side . molly ( v.0o . ) that 's how quickly I have make the decision . and just as quickly , small calculate two percent of the pot and take it off the table . that be it . ( more ) * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 129 . molly ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I would just take a rake , in violation of U.S. criminal code 1955 . CUT to : int . plaza HOTEL suite - night we see the remnant of a game that end a short while ago . molly 's at work on the book with a drink at she side . one of the player have stay behind -- late 30 's and drunk . he downs a drink and then pour himself another . molly ( v.0o . ) it 's time to introduce Douglas downey ' cause downey 's gonna take we all the way home . downey be a drunk and he have stay after the game and hang out while I do the book . downey bring he newly pour drink over to molly 's area and take a seat . molly ( v.o. ) he be hard to understand when he be drunk and he conversation opener would always sound like the title of a detective novel . downey ( he sigh -- then ) victim of circumstance . molly yeah . downey Story of , uh , you know , story of my proverbial , you know , life . int . plaza HOTEL suite - different night downey again bring a drink over to molly who 's do the book and barely pretend to pay attention -- molly ( v.o. ) he have talk about he marriage . downey I marry young , mol . I marry young and I marry dull . 130 . int . plaza HOTEL suite - different night after the game -- molly ( v.0o . ) he talk about want a better life . downey if I have be bear in greenwich instead of flush ? New canaan , fifth Avenue ? go to Rye country Day ? Princeton ? the life I have have ? the wife I have have ? I would be a plaaaaayuh . victim of circumstance . mol , this be thing I only say to you . molly good call . int . plaza HOTEL suite - different night after the game -- molly ( v.o. ) and he have talk about another game he play in . it be the Brooklyn game . the Brighton Beach game where they play all night and all day . the game that be populate by Russians . downey I be the only irish guy they let play . this be the nicest guy I have ever meet , mol . int . plaza HOTEL suite - different night after the game -- molly ( v.0o . ) then one night Douglas downey lose eighty - thousand at my game and do not have it . downey I be sorry . you be so , you know , just , nice . and you be honest and I respect you hustle so I just want to be straight with you . it 's be a bad month . you know , God , sport . some investment go bad . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 131 . molly you win a hundred and ninety last week . downey I owe Eddie and irv. molly get it . downey you know what ? no. fuck Eddie , fuck irv , I be pay you ! molly Doug -- downey I be pay you , mol ! molly quiet down , listen to I -- downey the little guy 's gonna win for once ! molly I do not even know what that mean but you can not stiff Eddie ting or irv gotti . downey I be not afraid of that guy . molly you really should be . downey mol -- molly there 's another way . downey I be a winner trap inside the body of -- molly Douglas . downey yeah . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) molly the Brooklyn game . be everything I have hear true ? downey about Brighton Beach ? molly yeah . downey what have you hear ? molly that the Russians have deep pocket , be bad at poker , give action and pay instantly . bring I some of that player and I ’1ll give you a piece of the game until you 80 k 's pay down . downey I be the only irish guy they let play . molly do you understand what I say ? downey no , I be say this because you be irish and they may not want to play in you game . I be the only irish guy they let play . molly I be not irish . downey you be not ? molly no. downey Molly Bloom ? molly you be think of the James Joyce character -- downey I always think you be irish . 132 . ee ok Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 133. molly I be not . can you get I some of that player ? downey be not there a famous book -- molly doug. focus up . yes , there be a book by James Joyce call Ulysses that have a character name Molly Bloom and that be why you think I be irish and now it 's time to get past that . can you get I some Brighton Beach player ? downey if you be not irish what be you ? molly I be a Russian Jew . molly ( v.0 . ) the next week I have some new player . CUT to : int . plaza HOTEL suite - night the room be sparkling and set for a new game . the doorbell ring and jesse answer the door . a handsome man in he early 30 's wear a coat and tie be stand there . molly ( v.0o . ) Mike be the first one to arrive . jesse good evening . mike good evening , I be Mike druzhinsky . I be here to see Molly . molly ( v.0o . ) Mike own a chain of medical clinic and have already post with a wire transfer . HOTEL suite - a few minute later illya and alex gershen , 22 and 24 , be stand at Molly 's desk . alex hand molly a backpack . molly open it and see what 's inside . * oe of ee ok * % Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 134 . molly ( v.0o . ) next be the gershen brother , illya and Alex . they be in the business of export steel to China . Alex bring a quarter of a million dollar in cash ina backpack . HOTEL suite - a few minute later helly habib , 30 's and a cherubic mess , stand in front of molly with a painting wrap in brown paper . molly and then helly habib . the habib family own the large collection of classical art in the world , value at 3 - billion dollar , and helly run the habib gallery on madison Avenue . molly ( cont 'd ) I will need you to post the first few time , I hope you understand . ( hand he a card ) here 's information about wiring the post in advance . helly thank you . helly start unwrap the painting he bring -- helly ( cont ’d ) as for tonight , I be not able to put my hand on cash today because I wake up this morning after the bank have close so I be hope you will accept this as temporary collateral . molly stare at the painting blank - face ... molly ( pause - - calmy ) that be ... a authentic Monet ? helly grab it right off the wall . molly ( pause ) you come over here carry a Monet . ho fhf * HH HH hk Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) helly I be drive . and I have security outside the door . molly okay . helly , here 's what I need you to do . I need you to get this , what , 20 - -? helly 27 . molly -- 27 - million dollar painting out of here right now . and you , I assume , armed security --? helly sure . molly -- can not stand in front of the door . fix that up , come on back and I 'il extend you credit tonight up to one and a half . int . plaza HOTEL suite - new night 135 . bet fly into the pot as SMALL 's magician hand quickly stack * chip in pile , pull off two percent , tap the chip on the table and throw they into a rake bucket . molly ( v.o. ) Mike , illya , Alex and helly . that be the player Douglas downey bring I . as advertise , they play loose , give action , lose to the regular and settle right away . * SMALL deal another card and the whole table react as molly look on . molly ( v.0o . ) people have ask , '' be not there any way to tell that the new player be connect to one of the darkest , deadly and far - reach organize crime syndicate in the world ? '' no . there be not . downey all in . CUT to : Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 136 . int . charlie 's office - evening molly 's sit in the office and wait as charlie come wear a coat . charlie I wish I have better news . molly Harrison wellstone do not go for the minor role reduction ? charlie molly he do not buy that I be a cocktail waitress ? charlie molly aww. ( clap he on the shoulder ) be it because I be not ? charlie hey , I try . that 's what you be not pay I to do . molly so what now ? charlie look at molly -- he know this be go to be a difficult subject . charlie the government be express a interest in you as a cooperate witness . molly you do not say . charlie Molly -- molly who could have possibly see that come ? charlie let 's have the conversation . in * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) molly it 's gonna be very short because I do not know anything at all that can help they . charlie you do not know anything that can help they convict the Russians but you know thing that can help they . molly do you know that 97 percent of federal case never go to trial ? even though you chance of be convict at trial be a little more than one in a hundred ? charlie if you want to go to trial that 's fine but it 's gonna cost in the area of three and a half million dollar . molly which the justice Department know I do not have because they take all my money in a civil forfeiture which they can do without a warrant because you property do not have a presumption of innocence . then after I be arrest by 17 agent hold automatic weapon -- totally necessary and not at all mean to intimidate I -- they give I two day to hire a lawyer and appear in a courtroom on the other side of the country . charlie if you be say that everything that happen in a federal bust from the moment you be arrest be design to persuade you to plead guilty , you be correct . molly so tell I all the way I can help ' cause I really feel I owe it to they . speak of owe , the IRS have put a tax lien on the money they take from I . charlie ( beat ) none of that -- 137 . * % * * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 138. molly take my money be not a tax , they also need I to give they my money . * or they 's 1ll take it again . charlie good to get that off you chest ? molly it need to be say . charlie not really . so to be clear , you be not interested in enter into a cooperation agreement with the prosector . molly that 's right . charlie because you feel the government have act -- molly -- like the neighborhood extortionist ? no. the U.S. Attorney 's Office do everything within the law to fight crime and also for some reason to keep take my stuff , I get it . and if I have testimony that could lead to the conviction of a bad guy no one would have to coerce I into cooperate . but I do not . I have dirt . I have dish . I have gossip . so my value to the prosecution be exactly the same as it be to Hollywood . I be here to ensure the New York Post cover the trial . I be here to sell ticket . charlie which be nonetheless value to the prosecution so what we do be leverage it to get you a favorable sentencing recommendation or , better yet , complete immunity . * there 's a knock on the door -- * charlie ( cont ’d ) * ( shouting ) * come in ! * it 's stella , Charlie 's daughter whom we meet earlier . * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 139 . charlie ( cont ’d ) oh hey honey . molly hey stella . stella hey . molly what do he have you do now ? stella 's get a essay out of she backpack and give it to she father . stella a essay on three poem with a common theme . charlie two paragraph . molly which three poem ? stella '' Close '' , '' rush '' and '' wall '' . molly I know that . what 's the common theme ? charlie ( while read ) thing with one - word title . molly ( to charlie ) be you sure you be qualified to be - charlie ( still read ) hang on . and yes . molly ( to stella ) anytime you want to run away from home you can come live with I . charlie and then when you discover she do not have a home you can come back to I . ( more ) ce ee a * * ee ek ee ok Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 140 . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( to stella ) good job . why do not you get a snack and start you homework in one of the conference room . stella okay . ( to molly ) see you . molly there 's no law that say you can not just hit he in the head . charlie there be a law that say that , it 's the first thing I teach she to read . ( to stella ) go. stella exit . molly my father use to give we extra work . charlie where be you father in all this ? molly ( beat ) he 's -- you mean physically ? -- he 's in Colorado . charlie be you parent still together ? molly charlie be you and you father close ? molly ( pause ) no . charlie be he hard on you ? ee ok ee oe oe of ht hf he of * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 141. molly ( smile ) you know how many girl at the Olympic have demand father ? charlie all of they ? molly that 's right . ( pause ) I be hard on he . charlie what do you mean ? molly mmmmmm ... I be brat . int . girl 's house / foyer - day the girl , now 22 , walk in the front door of she house . she 's get a USA skiing jacket on and she skis over she shoulder . she close the door behind she . int . charlie 's office - day charlie father do not care . molly I would start fight with he . charlie why ? int . girl 's house / foyer - day the girl hear she mother shouting upstairs . int . girl 's house / master bedroom the mother be on the phone shouting . mother ( into phone ) I put you through medical school , I raise the kid , I do every -- and all you do be cheat on I . all you do be cheat . he * * he ok Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 142. we see molly stand in the doorway hearing this , unseen by * she mother . * int . charlie 's office - day * molly * I do not know . * ( pause ) * for the record , the law -- 1955 - - that * I be accuse of break , define gambling as betting on game of chance . charlie yes . molly poker be not a game of chance . roulette 's a game of chance . poker 's a game of skill . charlie Molly -- molly Charlie , I will tell they anything * they want to know about I . about I . that 's it . CUT to : ext . malibu beach house - day the front door be open but we can not yet see what 's happen . molly ( v.0 . ) now stick a pin in the Russians for minute because remember bad Brad * marion ? it turn out he 300 - million dollar hedge fund be not what you would call ... real . * and now we see several man in suit escort brad , who 's in * handcuffs , to a wait black sedan that 's back up by a malibu patrol car . molly ( v.0o . ) it be a ponzi scheme . he would be falsely report profit for year . he be not even register with the SEC . we see quick flash of what Molly describe -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) molly ( v.0o . ) with the money give to he by friend and family he buy several malibu beach house , a airplane hangar full of car , another one with a airplane , and the life he want . when he be arrest he have seventy - four hundred dollar in the bank . int . FBI interrogation room - day as a door shut with a bang . brad be sit at a table with he lawyer opposite several man and woman from the government . video camera be point at he and a stenographer be recording he confession . brad 's gesticulate wildly and tell they everything . molly ( v.o. ) Brad cooperate with the FBI and give they hour of testimony on a range of subject , include how three year earlier he have lose 5.2 - million dollar in a underground celebrity poker game that be run by a girl name Molly Bloom . his story be that I have induce he to play in a high stake game -- quick flashback to a scene we see earlier -- int . malibu beach house - night neal I just want to introduce you to Brad marion , he want to play . molly ( v.o. ) and that due to my enable he have become a gambling addict . quick flashback to another scene we see earlier -- int . luxury HOTEL suite ( l.a . ) - night a game be underway -- molly Brad , this game may not be for you . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 144 . int . conference room - day molly and she lawyer , butterman , be sit across from three lawyer in a deposition . molly ( v.0o . ) Federal bankruptcy lawyer be bring in to recover as much of the boost money as they could . I be send a subpoena and fly out to L.A. to be depose . sitting next to I be my attorney at the time , Louis butterman . butterman my name 's Louis . you have be call I Lou for two hour . bankruptcy lawyer I apologize , I think it be Lou . ( to molly ) can you confirm the name on the list ? this be tab 27 . can you confirm that this people -- let I ask this again so it 's clean on the record -- can you confirm that the people list here -- tab 27 - - all play poker with Brad marion ? molly the name on this list be provide to you by Brad marion ? bankruptcy lawyer I just need you to confirm for the record that you game include but be not limited to the player on this list . molly I understand . what I be try to get in the record be that I be not the one who provide the list . bankruptcy lawyer this name be provide by Brad marion . so under oath -- molly yes , I can confirm the list be accurate . dissolve to : oe of HH HH hk of ee ok ee ok * % Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 145 . the deposition - a little later bankruptcy lawyer on how many occasion do you invite Mr. marion to play in the game ? molly Mr. marion ask to be in the game . * bankruptcy lawyer that be not my question . butterman that be not he question . molly ( to butterman ) thanks . bankruptcy lawyer on how many occasion do you invite -- dissolve to : the deposition - a little later bankruptcy lawyer and donnie silverman win the World poker championship ? butterman I be gonna object on relevancy . molly * yes. yes. donnie silverman win the -- butterman he 's withdraw the question . molly it 's public record , it be on television . donnie silverman win the World poker championship . they continue mos -- molly ( v.0o . ) right there I mis-spoke . it 's not * call the World poker championship , it 's call the World Series of poker . I be order to pay five-hundred thousand dollar in restitution -- * * * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 146 . int . generic FBI office - day a lawyer walk a photograph over to a wall -- molly ( v.0o . ) -- and somewhere in a FBI field office in New York , someone be pin my picture to a wall . the lawyer pin Molly 's picture up . we pull back and see the wall be cover with picture and line that form a organizational chart -- include Michael '' miko '' druzhinsky , '' Russian Alex '' gershen , illya '' the Son '' gershen and helly habib . int . plaza HOTEL suite - night a game be underway . molly ( v.o . ) by this point I be run six game a week , sometimes at two different location in a night . molly downs a couple of pill with a glass of champagne . molly ( v.0o . ) and by this point I be addict to drug . quick shot of drug we see a series of tight shot of pill be swallow , cash be exchange for two bottle of pill , bourbon be pour , a leather fold case with a small mirror , metal straw and razor blade , etc . molly ( v.o. ) adderall , ambien , xanax , coke , alcohol , valium , ativan , trazadone -- anything that could keep I up for a few day and knock I out for a few hour . int . molly 's bedroom - early morning the sun 's start to come through the window and molly , still in she clothes from the night before , be sit on the edge of the bed and stare into space . molly ( v.0o . ) but I be not just take they to stay awake anymore . it be dark and friendless where I be . ( more ) * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 147 . molly ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I feel like I be in a hole so deep I could go frack . it do not feel like depression , it feel more violent . int . luxury suite - night helly smack he hand on the table -- helly ( flipping he card ) fuck you all ! -- and rake in he chip . molly ( v.0o . ) I be tired of live in the frat house I have build for degenerate . I be tired of the greed -- mine , not theirs . everybody 's . int . molly bedroom - night once again it 's early morning and molly 's still dress from * the night before . she 's stand by the window and hold the curtain cord . molly ( v.0 . ) I be sick of be high all the time , I be sick of only live in the dark . molly let go of the curtain cord and a blackout curtain drop . molly ( v.o. ) I could not recognize myself and what I recognize I could not stand . int . luxury HOTEL suite - night a game have end . molly 's reconciling the book and douglas * downey be pour himself a drink . molly ( v.0o . ) after a game one night Douglas downey surprised I with a confession after open with another detective story title . downey sit down next to Molly , take a drink , and say -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 148 . downey gut shot on the river . molly close she eye for a second to brace herself against the incoherent conversation she know be come . downey ( cont 'd ) I want to say something . molly okay . downey I want to say something . molly ( beat ) okay . downey I be just gonna say it . molly cool . downey ' Cause there 's a poem - - a famous - - a poem about thought leave unexpress . two road emerge from the wood . do they explode ? I do not know . you like poetry ? molly I do until a second ago . I be gonna call you a car and -- downey I be in love with you . molly take a moment before she say -- molly this be not happen . downey you be the woman I have always dream of and I have be dream -- molly shhhstop it . listen to I . Doug ? I be the woman all of you have always dream of . I be the anti - wife . instead of make you feel bad about go out every night and gambling , I encourage it . ( more ) Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 149 . molly ( cont 'd ) and instead of ask you to cut down on you drink , I have drink serve to you by model who simultaneously create the impression that you be the kind of guy who can score a dime piece anytime you want . do you know who circe be ? he hk douglas who ? molly circe . douglas ( beat -- confuse and drunk ) use to play in Eddie ting 's game ? molly nope , circe do not play in Eddie 's game . she be the Greek goddess of magic and she give man feast with wine and honey and then she turn they into swine . downey why ? molly fantastic question . * downey * well I would never do that to you . molly miss the point by mile but that 's okay . and thanks for the * compliment . downey it be not just a empty -- molly 's pack up she laptop and throw a few bound stack of hundred into a leather envelope which she 's zipped up and put in she bag . molly Winston and Shelby be gonna close up and I will see you next week . she head for the door and we -- CUT to : Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 150 . ext . plaza HOTEL - same night / dawn the city be just waking up . molly come out of the hotel in a coat and with she bag on she shoulder . a driver get out of a black suv that 's wait on the corner and begin call to Molly as he hustle over to she -- driver ( PAT ) ( call ) hey ! no ! we have go over this ! you wait for I ! molly sorry . PAT someone know about the game , know you be carry cash -- right there be where they wait and right there be where they grab you bag . I can not run he down in the car ' cause fifth Avenue 's one - way . molly sorry . PAT open the door and molly get in the car . her head be somewhere else as she look out the window . PAT get in the front and they pull out . they drive along in silence for a while , molly look out the window as the almost - empty city go by in the grey / blue light of early morning . molly ( cont 'd ) I use to be a competitive athlete . I do not know if you know that . PAT what sport ? molly skiing . freestyle . PAT be you good ? molly ( pause ) I do not know . the drive continue -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 151 . molly ( v.0o . ) I use Pat for security when I be go home with cash . he ask I if I could do he a favor . int . four season HOTEL bar ( new york ) - day molly , dress in a business outfit , be sit at a table drink iced tea and work on she laptop . molly ( v.0o . ) he say there be a couple of hedge fund guy in New Jersey who want to play and he could score point with they if he be able to get they a meeting with I . I say sure and set the meeting for 5 pm on a Thursday at the four season bar , know that if they be legit they would recognize someone in the crowd at happy hour at the four season right after the close bell . molly spot two man enter the hotel bar . one of they be wear a shiny brown suit with a t-shirt and a bullet ona chain . the other be wear a black shirt and black jeans . molly ( v.o. ) it turn out I do not need to be that clever . this be not finance guy , they be from the cast of Jersey boy . they stand at the entrance to the bar self - consciously -- they be out of they element and tough guy try to look tougher when they be insecure . molly stand up and give they a small wave and they make they way over to the table . molly ( v.0o . ) I have a good hunch what they want and I be gonna have to shut down this meeting quickly but without be rude to joey bag-a- donut and secaucus sal . molly ( shaking hand ) I be Molly Bloom , nice to meet you . JOHN G I be John G. Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 152. molly ( to the other ) and you be ? paul ( not interested in give he name ) ah. molly motion subtley to a waiter -- molly can I get you guy a drink ? molly ( v.0o . ) I do not remember what the big guy order but I will never forget what John G have . he look at the waiter as if to say that he could handle himself among the Manhattan elite and say -- JOHN G I will have a appletini . molly ( beat ) okay , alright . JOHN G so ... how be you week ? molly my week ? it be fine , thank you . Pat say you might be interested in a game . JOHN G Pat 's a good guy , you like Pat ? molly do I like -- yes . he 's be my driver for almost two year . JOHN G Driver and security . molly sometimes . JOHN G we hear a lot of good thing about you game . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 153 . molly thank you . JOHN G who 's back you ? molly ( beat ) nobody . JOHN G nobody . molly no. JOHN G not gigi ? molly I do not know who that be . JOHN G you be solo . molly yeah . JOHN G just Pat you driver . molly mm-hm . JOHN G that must be hard . molly it 's fine . JOHN G we want to partner with you . we have talk to irv , will -- paul Eddie ting . JOHN G -- Eddie ting , we be gonna work with they too . we can make you life easier . ( quieter ) nobody 'il fuck with you , nobody 's 1l stiff you . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) there 's a long silence before ... molly ( pause ) I appreciate you offer but I be really fine . I do not carry a big debt sheet , I feel safe -- JOHN G ahh . you lie just then . ( beat ) when you say you do not carry a big debt sheet . you have get two 2.8 - million on the street right now , right as we be sit here , we do we research . that money should be in you hand ' cause you owe it to people molly look at the two of they for a moment ... molly fellas , I be sorry , it 's just a friendly game with higher stake . it 's nice to meet you though . let I know if there 's ever anything I can do for you , I like to do favor . they will put you drink on my card . molly get up and head out and suddenly we -- SNAP to black we sit in silence for a moment before ... molly ( v.0o . ) there be some gap in my memory , which they say be common when you have have what they call a event . for instance I do not remember where I be come from and I do not remember walk into my building . just that my doorman , Reggie , say he have package for I . fade in : int . molly build lobby - night 154 . it 's decorate for Christmas as molly walk in from outside and head to the elevator . * ho hk of ee ok Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 155 . reggie Ms. Bloom , I think I have get some thing for you in the package room , I will bring they on up . molly thanks , reg. int . molly apartment - night molly 's run a bath for herself . molly ( v.0o . ) it be a night off and my plan be to take a bath and to try not to take drug . the doorbell ring -- molly ( v.o. ) Reggie come up with my package . molly unlock the front door and begin to open it . as soon as she do the door fly open and a stranger --a heavy set man in he 5us -- push molly back into the apartment and slam the door shut behind he and lock it . molly I be sorry , you be in the wrong -- wait , just hang on -- the stranger grab molly by the throat and slam she head against the wall . stranger shut the fuck up . you need to shut you fuckin’ mouth right now , you follow I ? he fling she head against the other wall and slam her into it hard -- stranger ( cont ’d ) do you get I ? molly ( barely a rasp ) yes . stranger open you mouth . molly 's freeze . the stranger slap she hard across the face . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 156 . stranger ( cont 'd ) open you mouth . molly open she mouth a little and the stranger take out a gun and put it between she tooth . stranger ( cont ’d ) you be gonna keep quiet now . molly 's tooth be chatter against the gun . stranger ( cont ’d ) nod that you understand . molly nod slightly . the stranger take the gun out of she mouth and put it to she head . stranger ( cont ’d ) walk to the bedroom . the stranger walk she down the hall toward the bedroom . stranger ( cont ’d ) they say you get a smart mouth . what else can that mouth do ? int . bedroom - continuous the stranger throw molly down on the bed and molly turn over so she 's sit up by the headboard . molly I have a lot of money , it 's all cash . stranger where ? molly in the safe . the stranger grab molly by the hair -- stranger where ? molly in the closet . right here . he drag molly by the hair to the safe and push she to she knee and gesture toward the safe with the gun . molly tap she code into the keypad and the door swing open , revealing rubber - band stack of hundred and some jewelry box as well as document . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 157 . stranger give I the cash and the jewelry . put it in a bag . molly grab one of she designer bag and put the cash and * jewelry inside . stranger ( cont 'd ) okay . the stranger stoops down to molly and grab she face , shove it up against he . stranger ( cont ’d ) you do not call the shot , you little cunt . this be you fault . he pull she to she foot by she hair . stranger ( cont ’d ) if you be not such a bitch to my friend , I would not have to do this * now . * he slam molly 's head into the wall . it knock she semi - * conscious . then he punch she in the face . he punch she in the face again . her face be cover with blood as she back away as far as she can into the closet . she 's have a hard time breathe as she choke on she own blood . he punch she again . then he grab she and pull she to she foot and out of the closet . he take he gun out of he jacket . molly please do not . I have a family . * stranger yeah . you mom life alone in * keystone , Colorado . ( beat ) right ? ( beat ) right , Molly ? molly shake she head '' no '' -- * molly * no , my mother -- * stranger yeah she do . * he smack she bloody face as hard as he can . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 158. stranger ( cont ’d ) open you eye . open you eye , Molly . she 's barely conscious but she open she eye ... stranger ( cont ’d ) it be not a offer they make . it be not a suggestion . this will be you only reminder . the last punch knock she unconscious . she lie there as we hear the stranger 's footstep walk away off -screen , then the door open and close . we move through a series of dissolves -- --molly still unconscious on the floor . molly ( v.o. ) so that happen . --molly pull herself up to lock the deadbolt on the front door and then slide back down to the floor . molly ( v.o. ) I could not call a doctor or go to a e.r . they have take one look at I and call the police . -- blood and water swirl down a shower drain . molly ( v.o. ) my eye be swollen and black , my lip be cut and bloody -- --molly hold a fold , wet towel to she face , then lift she face off the towel and look in the mirror . molly ( v.0o . ) -- there be dry blood cake all over my neck and chest and I could not feel my face . it be Christmas Eve . --molly sit alone , stare into space in she darken apartment , light only by the city light out the window . molly ( v.o. ) Pat have set up the meeting . and he be how they know where I live . --molly close the blackout curtain in she bedroom against the daylight and then pick up a bag of ice and hold it against she face . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 159 . molly ( v.0o . ) I stay in my apartment for two week wait for my face to heal and wait for the phone call I know be come . --molly check she phone . molly ( v.0o . ) but the call do not come . where be the call from joey bag-a - donut say -- -- she check she phone again . molly ( v.0o . ) -- " so maybe you have have a change of heart ? '' --molly open she front door and there 's a stack of uncollect newspaper there . molly ( v.o. ) after 10 day I open my front door for the first time . people be come back into town after -- -- she 's go through the newspaper , throw out the old one after she scan the front page . molly ( v.o . ) -- New Year 's in cabo and St. Bart 's and South Beach . my phone be blow up with '' when 's the next game ? '' but nothing from John G. molly discard a newspaper ... and then look at it again . molly ( v.o. ) and then right there on the front page of the the New York Times from 8 day ago -- insert of the time headline -- molly ( v.0o . ) '' nearly 125 be arrested in sweep FBI mob roundup . '' that guy be either lay low or they be in custody . sometimes God happen fast . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 160 . int . molly apartment - night molly 's face be almost heal and she 's apply make - up to cover a dark spot under she eye . molly ( v.0o . ) my face have heal enough so that a little make - up would cover the bruise that be leave . I put together a week of game . int . molly apartment - a little later she 's get dress in one of she killer outfit . molly ( v.0o . ) one week of game to get the 2.8 - million I have loan out in credit and then I be out , I be do . one week of epic game . I have some of my London player in town and the Russians have visit friend from Moscow . int . molly apartment - a little later she 's put on the finish touch . molly ( v.o. ) jesse and Shelby have already start the game at the Plaza and be report heavy early action . I be on my way when my phone ring . it be Douglas downey . molly answer she phone -- molly ( into phone ) I be on my way , Doug . douglas ( on the phone ) wait ! Molly , wait . I be hide in the bathroom . molly what ? douglas ( on the phone ) I need you to believe I -- molly slow down . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 161 . douglas ( on the phone ) I need you to believe I , okay ? I be hide in the bathroom right now . molly who 's bathroom ? douglas at the suite . at the Plaza . molly why be you hide in the bathroom ? douglas ( on the phone ) I would never tell they anything about -- I say , '' guy , you want I to go further , you want I to go other place , I will do it . but nothing about Molly , she can not be touch . just the Russians . '' molly Doug , you be drunk and a little hard to understand so I will see you in a few minute when I get there . douglas ( on the phone ) Securities fraud . molly you be speak in book title . douglas do you have a attorney ? do you attorney understand that I would never help they build a case against you ? I would never -- molly hang on -- douglas ( on the phone ) -- give they anything against you ? commit perjury before I do that . ( pause ) be you there ? molly 's start to put this together -- molly what do you mean when you say '' security fraud '' ? douglas ( on the phone ) it be such bullshit , it be 2006 . * * ee hk Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 162. molly be you arrest for security fraud ? douglas ( on the phone ) it be bullshit . molly Doug -- douglas ( on the phone ) I tell they I 'il go further , I ’11l go other place but not you . I love you whether you -- molly Doug ! listen to I ! I need you to pull it together for a second . molly 's other phone start buz and she glance at it -- douglas ( on the phone ) I love you whether you believe I or not . molly be you inform for the FBI ? douglas ( on the phone ) should I have tell you ? that 's a question that will , you know , that 's 1ll haunt I for my day . for my day , Molly , but -- molly you be a FBI informant ? douglas ( on the phone ) I tell they anyone but Molly . always know that I be try to protect you . molly 's grab she other phone and look at the text from Shelby -- '' FBI be here !!! stay away !!! '' douglas ( on the phone ) ( cont ’d ) you be someone I want to know so bad . I mean really know . do you ever think to yourself -- molly toss the phone down and bolt to she bedroom where she grab a weekend bag and start throw thing into it . 163 . molly ( v.0o . ) five block away the FBI have raid my game . int . molly apartment - night molly 's quickly rummage through a series of designer bag until she find some hundred . she grab they , grab she laptop and grab she bag and head out . molly ( v.0o . ) I fully expect the lobby to be fill with guy wear windbreaker but it be not . int . molly 's lobby - night molly get off the elevator and walk into the lobby . reggie Ms. Bloom . have not see you for a while . molly yeah . reggie you need a cab ? molly I will get it myself . hey reg. I guess you never make it upstairs with that package . she stuff a hundred dollar bill in he jacket -- molly ( cont 'd ) maybe I do not tip you enough before Christmas . molly head out onto -- ext . sidewalk - continuous where she flag down a cab . molly ( v.o. ) I would go online and buy a plane ticket out of Newark Airport . she get in the cab -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 164 . molly JFK please . she open she laptop and begin tapping key -- molly ( v.0o . ) I logge into my bank account where the balance should have read a little more than 5 - million dollar . molly stare at something we can not see . she 's expressionless . then we see the screen -- molly ( v.0o . ) it say I have negative 9 - million , nine -hundre and ninety - nine thousand , nine-hundred and ninety - nine dollar and ninety - nine cent along with a note to contact the U.S. Attorney 's Office . my bank asset have be seize . CUT to : int . conference room in a federal build - night molly and charlie be sit across a table from harrison wellstone and brennan , two prosecutor in they 30s . brennan and she fly to Denver . charlie she fly to Denver where she mother pick she up and drive they both to she mother 's home in keystone . that be two year ago . it 's be two year since Ms. Bloom run a game . I want to mention as well that two day after arrive in keystone she voluntarily check herself into a 28 - day rehab and have be clean and sober for two year . int . grocery store - day molly , in jeans , a t-shirt , and a baseball cap , be wait on line at the checkout along with a half - dozen other -- all woman . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 165 . molly ( v.0o . ) my third week at rehab they take we on a field trip to a grocery store because most addict have to be reintroduce to simple thing like make you bed and buy egg . one of the woman further up in the line see something on the magazine rack and pull it off . she begin excitedly talk to the other next to she and flipping through the page . molly ( v.0o . ) at the check - out line I see one of my roommate pull a magazine off the rack . she start look at I and back at the magazine and back at I . then she show I the cover and say , '' be this you ?! '' it be I , along with four of the player from the Hollywood game , include player X and player y . ext . grocery store - day molly sit on the curb read the magazine . molly ( v.0o . ) they have get a hold of someone 's deposition from the Brad marion bankruptcy suit . the game be run by a cocktail waitress turn poker princess who , they say , provide the player with drug and prostitute . a blind quote refer to donnie silverman , who they mis- reference as a winner of the World poker championship . I can not be a hundred percent sure that Louis butterman give my deposition to the tabloid , but I be a hundred percent sure Louis butterman give my deposition to the tabloid . CUT back to : int . the conference room - night charlie and during the two year she live with she mother in keystone she write the book you have there . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 166 . brennan be the woman who work for you call girl ? molly no sir . brennan they never exchange sex for money ? molly no brennan have you ever exchange sex for money ? charlie no molly I think he be talk to I . charlie I mean no , she 's not answer that question . the purpose of this meeting - — - harrison I know . charlie the purpose of the meeting -- harrison we be off the record . charlie no we be not . harrison do you see a stenographer in here ? charlie yes , we be off the record inasmuch as there 's no record but you be free to act on information that you be give and we be not give it to you for free . I have be sit at this table for five hour , wait for the opportunity to implore you to do the right thing while begging my client for the last three week to act in she own best interest . and neither of that thing should be hard . ( pause ) ( more ) 167 . charlie ( cont 'd ) the purpose of this meeting be for you to meet Molly Bloom and discover , as I have , that she 's not the person the press have invent . harrison she 's not under federal indictment for get bad press , Charlie . and the purpose of the meeting , for I , be to discover if you client be willing to cooperate with the government in put away some bad people . molly no. harrison you be not willing to cooperate ? molly no , I have never trade sex for money . ( beat ) I be still not sure if there 's a record but if there be I want to make sure that be in it . harrison it appear to I that throughout you career as a gamerunner you be extremely diligent about vetting the player . molly I be . harrison but you let four guy play in the game without know they be connect ? molly plus a FBI informant , it 's pretty embarrassing . they be still wait for a answer . molly ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I be high at the end and do my job badly . I will also add that in my limited experience with the Russian mob , they do not give many clue that they be mobster . in my experience with the italian mob on the other hand -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 168 . harrison help we . molly I do not know anything that can help you . harrison yes -- molly if I do -- harrison yes you do . you can provide color . ( beat ) you can paint a picture . you can tell we that druzhinsky wear a rolex and drive a phantom . you can tell we that illya gershen show up with a quarter - million dollar cash in a backpack and you can tell we how much action helly be take on a sport bet . molly 's start to get dizzy from this but she 's fight through it . molly ( pause ) uh ... no one be allow to place sport bet from the room , they have to go outside -- I have have no idea how much anyone be take or lay . brennan so now you be say you know they be make and take sport bet ? molly no sir , that be the point of they leave the room . they could have be call they mother for all I know . harrison Molly ? molly yes sir . harrison I do not believe you . in Mike druzhinsky 's phone intercept alone - - just druzhinsky -- you name come up nineteen time . '' ( more ) * * * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 169 . harrison ( cont 'd ) we need Molly , '' '' get Molly , '' '' bring Molly '' -- it strongly suggest that you be important to he business and so it 's hard to believe that someone with you savvy and obvious intellect -- molly they be talk about the drug . ( beat ) '' get molly '' , '' bring molly '' , '' we need molly '' , they be talk about the drug , ecstacy . there 's a long silence in the room ... and then charlie can not help laugh -- charlie shit . my office be next to yours for two year and I see you make some bone - head move but I have never see any prosecutor step in it the way you just do . you should thank all of the god that there 's no physical record of that exchange . harrison look -- charlie no you look , Harry -- harrison you gonna implore I to do the right thing ? charlie ( shouting ) you catch a dolphin in a tuna net and you know it ! the rage that 's be building up in charlie for hour if not week -- maybe year -- have finally explode . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) Molly Bloom do not belong ina rico indictment , be you outta you mind ?! she do not belong in a mob indictment , she rake a game , that 's it , for seven month two year ago . why ? because she be give credit in the million and she do not want to use muscle to collect . ( more ) Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) charlie ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) she 's have opportunity after opportunity to greatly benefit herself by simply tell the real storey she know . I have the forensic imaging go back to 2007 - - text message , email -- movie star , rock star and billionaire who be explicit -- some of they marry with kid -- but that 's the tip of the iceberg . a guy come this close to be name U.S. ambassador to Monaco , he 's withdraw from consideration at the last minute and nobody know why . she do . ceo with college - age mistress , a svp of a investment bank who want she to help he put a mark deck in the game , the head of a movie studio who texted she that a particular star be too black for he taste , J. Edgar Hoover do not have this much shit on Bobby ! ( beat ) she could have write a best seller , she could have be set for life , she 's get the win lottery ticket and she will not cash it . she settle the Brad marion suit for a half a million dollar just so she would not have to testify and that be only the first time you guy clean she out . you office take every dollar she have ina constitutionally fuck up seizure and then you put the IRS on she to tax the money you seize ? I have be in that strategy meeting . you break she back so she could not possibly afford to defend herself . and now she have a opportunity to guarantee she own freedom by just ... '' provide some color '' ... and she still will not do it . this woman do not belong in a rico indictment , she belong in Congress . she belong in the pulpit of a synagogue , she belong on a box of wheaty . so yes I be , I be implore you to do the right thing . she know nothing about the three mike . she know nothing about taiwanchik or the tgo or insurance fraud . ( more ) 170 . he ok * ho eh * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 171 . charlie ( cont 'd ) between the two of we we have appear in front of this judge 28 time as prosecutor and not once have he deviate from we sentencing recommendation , he 's not gonna start now . I know you have be put this bust together for three year and there 's no one who do not want to see mobster in jail , include and especially the only person in this room who 's have one of they put a gun in she mouth . probation . Community service . or better yet , consider that all she do be run a poker game exactly the same way every casino in America do and drop the goddamn charge . there 's silence after that long speech . then harrison to turn to molly -- harrison do you have anything you have like to add ? molly ( pause ) I be guilty . harrison ( pause ) yeah . ( beat ) Molly , I would like to talk to you lawyer in private if that 's alright with you . molly turn to Charlie and charlie nod that it 's okay . charlie can you get some dinner for a hour and then meet I back at the office ? molly yeah . ext . corner of fifth ave . and central park south - night the city 's deck out for Christmas . molly 's stand in front of a hot dog cart across the street from the Plaza Hotel and stare up at she old stomping ground . she turn suddenly to the hot dog vendor . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 172 . molly hm ? I be sorry ? hot dog vendor do you want a hot dog ? molly ( beat ) uh...a pretzel please . molly take two singles out of she wallet and trade they for the pretzel . molly ( cont 'd ) thank you . hot dog vendor merry Christmas . molly to you too . molly walk up the sidewalk a little bit -- the street be line with carriage and horse . molly stop at the first carriage and ask the driver -- molly ( cont ’d ) be it okay if I feed you horse ? the driver nod , '' sure go ahead . '' molly take a piece of she pretzel , offer it in she flatten hand and the horse take it . molly ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) on my signal , the revolution will begin , and I will lead we all to freedom . molly rip she pretzel into a few piece and drop they in the horse 's feed bucket . she shove she hand in she coat pocket and move on . ext . central park - night molly 's walk down a path and the skate rink come into view . it 's light up and the skater be make they way around the rink with Christmas music come from the speaker . ext . skate rental - night molly step up to the window which be be manned by a woman . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 173. molly hi , I have like to rent a pair of skate , size 6 , but I just spend my last two dollar on dinner which I end up feed to a horse . this be 800 - dollar leather chanel glove and I ’1ll trade you . skate rental woman 800 dollar glove ? molly yes . and they keep you hand just as warm as the 10 - dollar kind . skate rental woman be you alright ? molly mm-hm . I be divest . ext . skating rink - night molly 's finish lace she skate on a bench , take off she coat and step out onto the rink . as soon as she begin skate it 's clear that she know how to skate . and as she start skate faster it 's clear that if she have not choose ski she could have have a future in speed skate . she begin to skate faster and faster -- weaving through the other skater with impressive grace and athleticism . and speed . more and more and more speed as she begin she second lap . faster . effortless speed . two rink employees on skate and in orange vest see she and one of they shout out -- rink employee ( shouting ) hey ! slow down ! molly pay no attention as she fly through the other skater . rink employee ( cont ’d ) hey miss ! slow down ! the two rink employee set out chase after she on they skate . rink employee # 2 lady ! slow down !! molly flip around , skate backwards now , just as fast as she be before . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 174 . molly ( call back ) catch I ! ( louder ) come on ! catch I ! molly flip forward again and rocket away . as she pass the * group of observer watch from the railing she hear a man 's voice off -screen . voice ( 0.s. ) Bend you knee . molly turn around to see who just say that -- * -- it be she father . molly crash into the railing and fall down , create a chain reaction pile - up of skater who fall over she and then over each other . molly ( to the other skater ) sorry . sorry . the two rink employees skate up and grab molly by each arm . rink employee we be take you off the ice right now , miss , and if you give we any trouble we be call the police . as the rink employees continue to skate molly off the ice like a prisoner , she father ask simply -- father how 's it goin 's ? ext . bench near the rink - a few moment later molly 's father put she coat over she as she sit on the bench . molly what be you do in New York and how do you know I be at the skate rink ? ee ok father I be both you father and a doctor of the mind . I be in New York because that 's where you be and I call you mom at the hotel and she say you be here . listen , it 's not a big deal but from what I see out there I think you be have a small breakdown . HH hk Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 175 . molly that 's weird , I can not think of why . father I would think it be because of the arrest and not know what 's go to happen . molly Old man , do you really not recognize sarcasm ? father do you ? drink this . he 's hand she a styrofoam cup . molly I can not drink , I be a alcoholic but thanks for remember . father it 's hot chocolate . molly okay . father and for diagnostic purpose , do you think we be in a cocktail lounge right now ? ' Cause if you do I have to walk you into Bellevue tonight . do you know I can do that ? I can institutionalize people , it 's fantastic . I want to check you pulse . he take she wrist and look at he watch . molly ( pause ) dad -- father hang on . molly ( pause ) have you find a pulse ? father yeah , I just like look at this watch . eh of * % * ek Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 176 . molly dad , I can see you be get warm up but I do not have the emotional bandwidth to defend my '' as usual irresponsible behavior . '' father I know , I get you e-mail . I get that I be not welcome in you life right now as you father though you should know I could give a shit if I be welcome or not . but I be not here in my capacity as you father . I be indifferent to whether you father life or die . I be a very expensive therapist and I be here to give you one free session . molly you think what I need right now be a therapist ? father ( almost laugh ) yuh-huh ! molly I have to be back at my lawyer 's office soon . father you like you lawyer ? molly I be not ask for money when I call you , dad , I just need my dad . and God forbid you part with a nickel . father yeah tiny Tim , you grow up on a lake and you have sky all over the world , be that work house tough ? molly ( get up ) I have to go . father Molly -- molly I have to go . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 177 . father Molly , sit the fuck down ! molly do as she 's tell . there 's a long silence before ... father ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) alright . we be gonna do three year of therapy in three minute . molly how ? father I be gonna do what patient have be begging therapist to do for a hundred year -- I be just gonna give you the answer . molly to what ? father well let 's start with this . why do a young woman who , at 22 , have a gold - plate resume -- why do she run high - stake poker game ? molly why do I choose to make a lot of money , that 's a head scratcher . father you be gonna be a success at anything you want and you know it . if you have go to law school you would have be a partner by now . why this ? molly ( beat ) I do not know . drug . her father wave that off -- father you do not start with drug until the end . they be not the problem , they be the medicine . no . it be so you could control powerful man . you addiction be have power over powerful man . molly that 's really what you think ? Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 178. father no , I know it for sure . you have now complete you first year of therapy . molly I see a opportunity , it be not about you . father it be not just about I . molly it be not at all about you . father it be . second year , second question . molly do you think you be a good husband ? father what do you care ? molly I care because you be marry to my mother ! I care because my father 's a asshole ! father congratulation , you have complete Year two . for the record , you father raise three kid on a college professor 's salary . one of they be a two - time olympian , sixth - round draft pick of the Philadelphia eagle and a lead philanthropist . another be a cardiothoracic surgeon at mass General and the third build a multi - million dollar business use not much more than she wit . molly I be about to plead guilty ina federal court . father nobody 's perfect . the point be I must have do a few thing right . last question . * 179 . molly I have to go . father last question , mol . i’1l answer it but you have to ask it . molly why do not you like I as much as my brother ? father there it be . I do . it only from time to time appear that I do not . molly ( pause ) it only appear that you do not ? father yeah . molly that 's some category - 5 bullshit , dad . why would -- it only appear -- why would -- okay , I have a attitude . I talk back . and I break some normal adolescent rule . I snuck phone time past curfew , I take you car when I be not allow to -- father -- and drive it into a McDonald 's . molly and kid get punish for that but they do not get -- you have turn into another person -- you voice , you face , it be -- father -- because I know you know . molly ( pause ) you know I know what ? quick CUT to : camcorder the birthday interview we see at the beginning -- 180 . father ( 0.s. ) what do you think about the follow concept ? I be just gonna run they by you . Marriage . CUT back to : ext . park - same time father that I be cheating . I know you know . camcorder father ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) family . ext . park - same time molly I do not know that until I be 20 . he shake he head '' no '' ... camcorder 13 year old girl I do not trust people . ext . park - same time father you would know since you be five . you see I in my car . and you do not really know what you see . camcorder 13 year old girl I do not have heroes . ext . park - same time ( bottom of the slope ) father ( beat ) you know , honey , and I know you know . and that 's how I react to the shame . and you react by show seethe contempt for I , by drive my car into a McDonald 's -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 181 . molly -- and want to have power over powerful man ? father no , that be a red herring just to make you mad . molly you be such a asshole , dad -- father you trip over a stick ! ( beat ) okay ?! ( pause ) ten year ago you trip over a stick . it be a one - in-a-million thing . you trip over a stick . that 's what you do wrong . ( pause ) there 's you session . it 's funny how much faster you can do it when you be not charge by the hour . I be you father . try to comprehend how much I love you would be like try to visualize the size of the universe . ( pause ) I do not know you have get beat up until I read it in you book , it be a helluva way to learn about it . you should know I be hire someone to find the guy who do it and then I be hire someone to kill he . molly ( smile ) do not even joke about that , dad . father I be not . molly it be not a purse snatcher , it be the mafia . father I do not care if it be the leader of Hamas -- ( beat ) -- someone put they hand on you ... they be gonna suffer . molly look and see to she surprise that she father be she hold he -- * % ee ee ee : * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 182. molly it 's okay , dad . it 's alright -- her father be hold she tight -- father they be gonna suffer . molly I be fine . really , dad , I be fine . father they be gonna suffer . they keep hold each other tight as the skater skate in the background . int . charlie 's office - night charlie 's alone in he office with the city flicker out the window . he 's hold a deck of card and after a moment , deal himself two down . he look at they , then he burn a card and deal himself the flop . he toss he hole card in the middle and fold . molly come and stand in the doorway for a moment ... molly do you know that the center of we galaxy smell like rum and raspberry ? it 's true . at the center of the galaxy be ethyl formate , which be the same gas that give rum its smell and raspberry they taste . charlie why do you know this thing ? molly to stay busy during game I surf the internet . then I start take online course . I be 12 credit away from a degree in astronomy , I do not even know I be enrol . ( pause ) I want to thank you for what you say tonight . charlie Molly , there 's a new offer on the table . molly what be it ? Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 183. charlie we hand over we forensic imaging . molly ( pause ) I do not get it . charlie we give they the forensic imaging of you text and e-mail and in exchange -- molly in exchange -- what could they possibly offer I to do that ? charlie you money back . ( pause ) they 'il return all of you money . molly take in that information ... do not know whether to laugh or cry and just say ... molly ( pause ) yeah , that sound about right . charlie laugh a little . molly ( cont 'd ) be that why they take the money in the first place ? so they could offer it back to I ? charlie I think they just want to buy a espresso machine . molly a four and a half million dollar espresso machine ? charlie yeah . hey , for what it 's worth , if we be go to trial we have have to hand over the forensic imaging in discovery . molly yes but that 's different from voluntarily hand it over . charlie sure. ( pause ) ( more ) Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 184 . charlie ( cont 'd ) but it 's not really voluntary anymore when the alternative be prison . which be what they be gonna recommend -- three year . molly ( beat ) why do you keep break eye contact with I ? charlie I be look right at you . molly you think I should do it . charlie you have to let I keep you out of prison . molly you have see what 's on that hard drive . charlie yeah -- molly a lot more than a little color . charlie I do not care . molly career will be ruin . families . wive , life on both coast -- charlie listen to I . when a rich guy go to jail he spread money around . his lawyer know how to take care of it . he spread money around and you do not have any . the composition of female inmate in federal prison - - they do not commit financial crime . they be drug dealer and they get rape by prison guard and you will not be anonymous , Molly , you will be a target . molly Children will read they father 's text message say he wish he have never have kid . this guy -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) charlie where be they ?! ( beat ) why be you in this alone ? where be you friend ? where 's one guy say , '' Molly , I know you be do everything you can to save my life , the least I can do be take care of you legal bill . '' molly if this be about pay you fee -- charlie it 's not ! I will pay my fee , okay ?! molly you be gonna pay yourself two - hundred and -- charlie my firm , it 's my firm that get -- where be they , Molly ? you keep they secret . where be this people you be protect by not tell the whole story in the book , by settling the Brad marion suit , by turn down four and a half million dollar of you own money and by go to jail ? where have everybody go ?! molly it 's not they name I be protect , Charlie , it 's mine . charlie you integrity ? molly Frame it anyway you want but it 's still throw other people under the bus . charlie and you know I admire that but we have to live in the real world now . I be sufficiently convinced that he 's gonna recommend jail time as a coercive measure so you do not have the luxury of integrity . molly I never think I would hear you say that . 185 . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) charlie I be say it , that should mean something to you . I be say it . we be take the deal . molly no. charlie you stay out of jail and you have you money back to pay you debt and start a new life . ( pause ) if this be a self - impose punishment for name the four guy in the book -- molly it 's not . charlie I think it be . molly I notice you keep that out of you speech to the prosecutor but it 's not . charlie I think you psychotic need for redemption be make you make bad -- they be already in the tabloid ' cause of Brad marion ! molly it do not have anything to do with that ! charlie then take the deal ! molly ( calmly ) ' Kay listen to I . I be name after my great- grandmother . charlie I do not care . molly Molly dubin Bloom -- charlie we will stay here all night until -- 186 . they stare Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) molly -- be my name . charlie -- you understand that no one give a shit about you good name . molly I do ! charlie why ? molly because -- charlie why ? molly because it 's -- charlie tell I why . molly ( shouting ) because it 's all I have left ! because it 's my name ! ( deliberately - - knowingly ) '' and I all never have another . '' at each other ... charlie ( pause ) you read the crucible ? molly ( pause ) yeah , everyone 's right , it 's great . ( beat ) I want to go into court and plead guilty . no deal , no trade ... I want to plead guilty for the crime I be guilty of . charlie ( pause ) I be ... so sorry that I be not able to -- 187 . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 188. molly this be all I . listen up a second okay ? for most of my life , for whatever reason , I have experience man as nocturnal predator . Degenerate glutton of sloth . crass and stupid misogynist who measure they worth in worthless way . charlie and then you meet I ? molly ( pause ) no , counselor ego . I have know good men-- beginning with my father and my brother . charlie I know , I be just -- she put she hand on he shoulder -- molly but you confirm it be not a fluke . ext . federal courthouse - day it 's a freezing cold day . paparazzi and a couple of tmz - type film crew be behind police sawhorse . molly -- along with she mother , father and she two handsome brother , jordan and jeremy , step out of a black suv where they be meet by charlie , stella , and a couple of uniformed police officer . they head up the courthouse step as camera come to life and some question we can not really make out be shout and ignore . Molly 's mother take she arm . molly turn to she -- molly you alright ? mother ( pause - - not allow herself to cry ) New yorker think this be cold weather ? in Colorado this be a beach day . molly there you be . ( then to she father ) you alright ? Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 189 . father this people take picture and shouting ? the desire -- molly I know . father -- to punch they as hard as I can in the mouth -- molly yeah . father -- be overwhelming . molly yup . they head into the courthouse as we -- CUT to : int . courtroom - a moment later not too many people . it 's just another day 's business for the court . the family take its seat and stella take a seat a few row down and on the aisle . harrison and brennan be already at the prosecutor 's table discuss some thing . molly walk in with charlie and they head down to the defense table . molly ( to charlie ) why be not stella in school ? charlie she insisted . molly turn and go back up the aisle and kneel down where stella 's sit . molly ( pause ) there 's gonna come a moment in you life that test you character . when that moment come , it 'il be better if you do not have any . after a moment , stella smile and then laugh a little . molly give she a light smack on the knee and join Charlie at the table . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 190 . molly ( v.0o . ) the business of the court begin . we continue semi-mos as Molly begin narrate over a series of easy dissolves -- dissolve : dissolve : molly and dissolve : molly ( v.0o . ) we stand for the honorable judge Dustin foxman and counsel enter they name for the record . molly ( v.0o . ) the docket be call and some pro forma instruction be give to counsel . charlie stand up . molly ( v.o. ) and I be ask a series of question from a script the judge have in front of he . judge foxman what be you full name ? molly Molly dubin Bloom . judge foxman how old be you ? the question continue . judge foxman ( cont ’d ) have you take any drug , medicine or pill or have any alcoholic beverage in the past 48 hour ? molly sudafe . judge foxman be there anything about the reason for you take sudafe that would interfere with what 's go on here today ? dissolve : dissolve : dissolve : dissolve : 191 . molly no , sir . judge foxman I state for the record that I have also take sudafe in the last 48 hour . molly ( v.0o . ) 87 question he be require to ask before he have permit I to plead guilty . judge foxman be you mind clear today , Ms. Bloom ? molly yes it be . judge foxman do you understand what be go on here today ? molly I do . judge foxman under the constitution and law of the United States you have a right to plead to the charge in the indictment , do you understand that ? molly yes you honor . judge foxman and do you understand that ? molly yes sir . judge foxman at that trial you would be presume to be innocent and you would not have to prove that you be innocent , do you understand that ? dissolve : dissolve : dissolve : 192 . molly yes sir . molly ( cont 'd ) yes you honor . molly ( cont 'd ) yes sir . judge foxman if you plead guilty and I accept you plea , you will give up you right to appeal along with all the other rights I have enumerate , do you understand ? molly yes sir . judge foxman even now as you be enter this plea you have the right to change you mind and plead not guilty to Count twenty of the indictment and go to trial , do you understand that ? molly yes sir . judge foxman do you understand that you be charge in Count twenty with operate a illegal gambling business in violation of title 18 United States code section 1955 and 2 ? molly yes , I understand . judge foxman understand everything you have just be tell , do you now wish to enter a plea ? molly yes sir . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 193. judge foxman how do you plead to the charge ? molly guilty , you honor . judge foxman you plea have be so record and you can take you seat . before we move to the sentencing phase I would like a word with counsel please . charlie , harrison , and brennan all stand up to approach the bench -- molly ( v.o. ) and then something happen . judge foxman ( to charlie ) pardon I , Mr. jaffey , just government counsel . charlie 's a little confuse , this be very unusual . charlie yes judge . charlie sit back down as harrison and brennan have a private conversation at the bench . molly ( beat ) what 's go on ? charlie I do not know . the wait continue ... molly ( pause ) what be it usually ? charlie I do not know . molly ( pause ) I can not feel my leg . I have never be this scared in my life . charlie look at she ... charlie yes you have . the judge molly and Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 194 . tell the prosecutor they can step back . judge foxman would the defendant please rise for sentencing . charlie stand . judge foxman ( cont 'd ) base on all available information , this court manifestly disagree with the government 's sentencing recommendation . this courthouse be locate three street from the financial district , which be populate by man and woman who will commit more serious crime by lunchtime today than the defendant have commit in this indictment . I simply do not see how either the people or the cause of justice be serve by lock Molly Bloom in prison . we see the family 's reaction -- hold they breath , as charlie close he eye a moment and exhales in relief and anticipation . the judge continue semi-mos -- molly ( v.0 . ) it be as casual as if he be order lunch off a menu . judge foxman Ms. Bloom , this court sentence you to two-hundred hour of community service , one year of supervise probation and drug testing and a one-hund thousand dollar fine . this case be adjourned . he rap he gavel . everyone rush a stunne Molly to congratulate she . molly ( v.0o . ) and that be that . there be cry and hugging , joke from my brother -- ext . courthouse - day -- as molly , charlie , stella , and molly 's family exit and head down the stair with charlie casually wave off question . 195 . molly ( v.0o . ) -- tough talk about how no one mess with the bloom and level - head talk about Christmas miracle . int . steakhouse - night the seven of they be have a lively dinner . molly ( v.0o . ) steak and beer buy by my father and full reenactment . in the middle of the revelry , we start to slowly push in on molly , whose face be beginning to change a little . molly ( v.o. ) and in the middle of it all , as grateful as you be , the reality start creep toward you like the tide . and that 's the first time you have the think ... '' what do I do now ? '' CUT to : ext . ski slope - day it 's the slope we be on at the beginning , windy and forbid . we be watch from a few hundred foot away and we can barely see molly on the ground where she 's just have she accident . she 's surround by emt , ski patrol , she coach and she father . from time to time we will see the other skier stand by silently , wait and hope . we can hear the two tv commentator -- one male , one female -- and a female reporter on the ground near the action . male commentator ( v.o. ) she 's be lay still for about a minute now . I want to emphasize again , we camera can not get in there so we do not know if she 's conscious . female commentator ( v.o. ) she fall hard and then keep go at a punish speed . molly ( v.0o . ) I be a felon . I be 35 year old , unemployed , and ple guilty ina mob indictment . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 196 . male commentator ( v.o. ) Molly Bloom be of course the sister of Jeremy Bloom who hold the world 's number one rank . that 's she longtime coach there , Ted keene , and she father . molly ( v.0o . ) I owe the government close to two - million dollar in tax assess on the civil forfeiture plus the hundred - thousand dollar fine . and they be gonna come get it . male commentator ( v.o . ) on the doorstep of make the Olympic team . molly ( v.o. ) I have a quarter of a million dollar in legal bill . female commentator ( v.o. ) she come back from a injury when she be just 13 . emergency back surgery . you know I wonder if Tracy 's get a update for we on the ground -- Tracy ? molly ( v.o. ) I do not know what I have say in a job interview , or if I will ever be give a job interview . I will not know how to explain this . and for some reason I be never allow to go to Canada . tracy ( v.0o . ) guy , we be hearing the chopper blade down here . male commentator ( v.o. ) that 's the sound you do not want to hear . female commentator ( v.o. ) they do not think -- male commentator ( v.o. ) yeah , they do not think they can get she off this mountain . molly ( v.o. ) and I be not allow to vote . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 197 . female commentator ( v.0o . ) if she can hear that chopper blade -- tracy ( v.o. ) she 's move , guy ! male commentator ( v.o. ) she 's move . tracy ( v.o. ) she 's wave off the chopper . we see someone with the ski patrol get on they radio and look to the sky where the chopper be . molly sit up even though the emt and she father and the coach be tell she to sit still . male commentator ( v.o. ) this be something . tracy ( v.o. ) I will tell you guy , as bang up as she have to be right now , she appear more angry with herself than she be hurt . male commentator ( v.o. ) we can see she 's be help to she foot now . molly take a towel and wipe the remain blood off she face . molly ( v.o. ) do anything good come of this ? not really . but I learn thing . for instance the large diamond ever find be not on Earth . it 's a burn out corpse of a star that 's 50 light year away in the constellation centaurus . tracy ( v.o. ) she 's on she foot . molly ( v.0o . ) it weigh 5 - million trillion trillion pound which be 10 - billion trillion trillion carat . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 198 . tracy ( v.o. ) she 's look back up the slope , try to figure out what go wrong , I be sure that question 's gonna haunt she . molly ( v.0o . ) so I learn that we galaxy smell like rum and raspberry and have a float diamond the size of polaris . applause from all the spectator and official . female commentator ( v.o. ) you have to wonder about the psychological toll . come that close after 18 year only to lose it like that . molly ( v.o. ) and I learn that I be very hard to kill . male commentator ( v.0o . ) you and I both know people who have never get over it . female commentator ( v.o. ) I do not know if the young woman we have just see be one of that people . we may not see she ski competitively again but I think we be gonna see she . she ’1ll be back . as the ski patrol start to move molly down off the slope , the camera counter in the other direction -- still at a distance -- so that we be turn to look at the crash site from a different angle . and as we continue the camera move , come into the foreground of the shot ... ... we see the pine bough . female commentator ( v.o. ) she will be back . male commentator ( v.o. ) alright , next up in the gate be whitney summerhill who 's currently sit in 12th place after -- SNAP CUT to :