o - love , everyone deserve a great love story written by Isaac aptaker & Elizabeth berger base on the novel by Becky albertalli 6/15/2016 Temple Hill Fox 2000 over black the upbeat indie-electronic Passion pit song Little secret , come from computer speaker in ... int . simon n's room - morning we move through this teenage boy' bedroom , pass relic of a thoughtful suburban adolescent : a frame Elliott Smith record cover . a half - eat package of double - stuffed oreo . a pile of prospective student college brochure for big city school : nyu , BU , usc . stack of chuck klosterman book and new york magazine . so many hoodies , strewn across pretty much every surface . till we land on we hero , simon spier ( 17 ) , boyishly handsome with vibrant blue eye and a thick mop of unruly hair . he hurriedly get ready for school as a old inkjet printer spit out he English essay . Simon sit down at he desk to staple he essay , when he 's distract by something outside the window : a shirtless gardener mow the lawn . he 's a twenty - something guy with the shoulder and the chest and the one-million abs glisten with just the right amount of sweat . Simon 's eye be lock on the hot gardener . he 's clearly attract to he . a knock on the door . Simon spin around just as he father , jack ( 47 , love dad joke ) , poke he head in : jack hey , nora make pancake . simon cool . be down soon . jack and by '' soon '' do you mean once you finish search for picture of gigi habib in lingerie ? simon it 's Hadid . jack sorry , do not realize she be you girlfriend . Jack chortle as he close the door . clearly he have no idea Simon be gay . because Simon be still in the closet . simon ( under he breath ) yup , you get I . Simon turn back to the window . but now hot gardener be block by he much older , much fatter , also shirtless colleague . Simon lean over to get a glance at the hot one again . Way over . just when he finally have a good view -- wham ! the desk chair fly out from under he and he fall out of frame . hard . as Passion pit sing : '' let this be we little secret , no one need to know we be feel ... '' CUT to our title : simon versus . the homo sapien agenda the song continue as we MAIN title play over a kinetic sequence that be Simon 's morning routine : int . simon 's kitchen - morning Jack , Simon 's mom , DENISE ( 40' , warm and thoughtful ) , and he sister , nora ( 14 , awkward and mumbly ) eat pancake . Simon bound through , pull on he jansport . DENISE Simon , sit . Breakfast be -- simon ( teasing ) please mom , do not say breakfast be the most important meal of the day . it 's so cliché . you be better than that . DENISE I be go to say breakfast lower ldl cholesterol and prevent fluctuate glucose level which can lead to type two diabete . be that cliché ? simon ( grin ) touché . Simon grab a pancake from the stack and take a large bite . simon ( cont ’d ) nora , this be incredible . he ruffle nora 's hair . she blushes and awkwardly mumble : nora oh , thanks . they be cornmeal with blackberry compote . no big deal . Simon give a bite to he golden retriever , bieber . simon here you go , bieber . most important meal of the day . and Simon 's go . int . / ext . simon 's old honda / simon 's STREET - day a pretty residential street in the suburb of Atlanta . Simon jump into he car , drive five house down , and be — park . int . nick 's basement - continuous Simon enter a cozy , finish basement - giant tv , mini fridge , soccer trophy . the kind of hangout room you wish you have in high school . nick ( 17 , easy jock good lock ) snore on a futon . a old soccer game play on the tv . Simon pull off Nick 's blanket and yank he to he foot . nick ( waking up , startle ) ahh ! simon homeroom start in eighteen minute . nick shit . I fall asleep study Roberto Baggio 's move in the ' 94 World Cup . he glance at the tv . Brazil be celebrate they victory . nick ( cont 'd ) damnit . now I know who win . Simon grab a clean tee from a laundry basket , toss it to Nick . wick pull it on , then realize it read '' atlanta's greatest dad ! " Nick shrug , go with it . simon do you buy that for you dad ? nick he buy it for himself . it be at the peak of he mid-life crisis . they head upstairs , where Nick hurriedly stuff he soccer cleat and shin pad inside a duffel . nick ( cont ’d ) I be just have the craziest dream . simon Nick , you have the '' craziest dream '' every night . nick I be in the bathroom put on my contact . they head out the front door ... ext . nick's house - day .- where they other best friend , leah ( 17 , sensitive , artsy , make she own clothes ) approach from she house across the street . a perfectly choreograph morning routine . nick but I could not figure out which lens go in which eye -- simon wait for leah . leah approach , clock Nick 's dad shirt and bed head . leah we never should have tell you about espn classic . nick sorry we can not all make we own clothes . ( then , be : she outfit ) ( more ) nick ( cont 'd ) seriously though , that dress be really cool . you be gonna be very rich one day . leah maybe we can collaborate on a clothing line , like h & m and beckham . nick and then Si will write a profile about we in some fancy magazine . simon I love how successful we be in the pretend future . leah smile . they all get into ... int . / ext . simon 's honda / shady creek street - continuous leah ride shotgun . Nick lean forward from the backseat as Simon drive they to school . nick so leah , last night I dreamt I be in the bathroom put on my contact and I could not figure out which lens go in which eye -- leah wait . I have something really important to tell you guy . nick I be in the middle of -- simon I pick leah 's thing . leah , say you thing . leah last night I be walk past Jackie Morgan 's house and she parent be have sex in the hot tub . Simon and Nick react with disgust . leah ( cont ’d ) oh. I be happy for they . {off they surprise ) what ? ( more ) leah ( cont ’d ) they have be marry thirty year and they have not lose they spark . Simon smile . he love the way leah see the world . nick Simon , remember when you date Jackie ? Simon tense up ever so slightly . simon vaguely . ninth grade be a long time ago . nick you would probably remember it better if you have get past first base . simon oforce ) yup , I tank it . nick if it be I , I would have get all up in there and be like , '' hey Jackie , I just really wanna ... '' Nick motorboat leah 's neck . leah ahh ! get away from I . ( then ) you be such a idiot . but leah be grin . Simon notice . he 's pretty sure she have a crush on Nick . the gang pull into ... ext . waffle house drive through - continuous .. , and leah lean over Simon to order . leah Three black iced coffee , please . simon wait , get one for Abby . leah look irk at the mention of '' Abby . '' leah four black iced coffee , please . nick Abby like hers with cream -- leah Three black , one with cream . nick and sugar . leah and sugar . ( back to Nick , annoyed ) what be you , she barista ? nick we have be friend with she for two month . it 's not that hard to remember '' cream and sugar . '' a uncomfortable silence . Simon crank up the radio and the song carry we to : int . creekwood high school - lobby - day gossip ! body spray ! hormone ! welcome to creekwood , a mid - size public high school buzzing with student get ready for class . Simon , leah , and Nick enter with they coffee . ABBY ( 17 ) run up to they . she be black , gorgeous , and rock a very cool beat up leather jacket and boot . ABBY hey , guy . nick hey , Abby . and judge by the dumb grin on he face , Nick be totally into she . simon we get you a coffee . nick cream and : sugar . ABBY oh , you guy be the best . I be figuratively die . leah force a smile . Simon notice , very aware of the tension brewing in he friend group . ABBY ( cont ’d ) have you guy look at the creeksecret tumblr today ? simon no , what would we miss ? as Abby take out she phone and call up the website : ABBY at my old school , if there be a website just for school gossip , someone definitely would have get stab . Simon laugh , then fall silent as he realize : simon oh , you be serious . Abby hand she phone to Simon . it 's display a tumblr where student can anonymously post the most salacious happening at creekwood High School . simon ( cont 'd ) ( read ) becca Peterson get catch give Ryan o'donovan a handjob in the pool . that 's the real reason they have to drain it . Simon hold up the phone which display a photo of a angry janitor drain the creekwood high pool . everyone react , joyously disgust . simon ( cont 'd ) janitor Rick deserve a raise . nick so Abby , last night I dreamt I put the wrong contact in my eye . leah and Simon groan . Abby be charme . ABBY we be analyze another dream ? you be like the love child of sigmund Freud and christiano ronaldo . nick {very proud ) thank you . ( more ) nick ( cont 'd ) ( then , back to dream so I can not see anything . I be stumbling around the bathroom , crash into everything . and then I wake up . simon that 's it ? that 's what you have be try to tell we all morning ? nick I be pretty sure it mean there 's something I be not see clearly . something that 's right in front of I . what do you guy think ? Simon and leah look uncomfortable . leah simon I dunno , no idea . Simon nervously take a sip of he iced coffee . int . spier live room - night Simon , nora , and they parent eat indian takeout as they watch the end of ABC 's the bachelorette , a family ritual . videochatt in from she dorm on a iPad be Simon 's older sister alice ( 18 ) in a bard college sweatshirt . simon there be no way they go into the fantasy suite just to give each other '' foot massage . '' jack seriously . how dumb do they think we be ? alice I dunnc . cody be from Utah , which be super mormon and virgin-y . nora virginal . simon you would know . nora so would you . Simon shut up , 10 . DENISE even if they do more than foot massage , it do not mean they make love . all three kid groan . DENISE ( cont ’d ) oh my god , you guy be so repress - — simon do not therapize we . we be not you patient . DENISE oh , I know . if you be my patient , you would be way more well - adjust . jack Nice therapist burn , baby . they fist bump . DENISE ( to Alice ) how 's we own little college bachelorette do ? any special someone ? alice ew , no , I be not talk about my life . jack we raise a vault , honey . alice ( back to the show ) I think she 's gonna pick Daniel F . he 's the hot one . jack the gay one ? nora Daniel 's not gay . jack look at that haircut . the guy be a one - man pride parade. osinge ) it 's fun to stay at the y-m-c -a. il . this be Jack 's sense of humor . bad and out - of-touch , but not malicious . still , Simon tense up . alice dad , stop . jack alice ( cont 'd ) it 's fun to stay at the y-m-c - would you cut it out ? that be be so offensive . you do not ( then , quickly ) even realize how pervasive with Daniel F ! it 's fun to you casual heterosexism be ! stay at the y-m-c -a . Alice continue to throw around word she 's learn in she gender study class . denise and nora laugh a little in spite of themselves . and no one notice Simon , wildly uncomfortable . the open chord of elliott smith be '' waltz # 2 '' kick in , take we to ... int . simon 's room - night .-- where Simon listen to Elliott Smith as he scan the latest creeksecrets tumblr gossip : a stuff bra-gate , a lacrosse player catch get head under the bleacher . the usual . he 's about to close the site when a post catch he eye . it 's a stock photo of a ferris wheel accompany by a short entry . we hear simon 's voice in he head as he read the text : simon ( v.0 . ) sometimes I feel like I be stick on a ferris wheel . one minute I be on top of the world , the next I be at rock bottom . over and over , all day long . because a lot about my life be great . but nobody know I be gay - it 's sign with only the pseudonym : Blue . Simon sit back , stunne . fhere 's another secretly gay kid at creekwood ? he consider for a beat , then navigate to gmail and register for a new e-mail account . gmail ask for a username . Simon consider as Elliott Smith sing : '' I be do just fine hour to hour , note to note . '' 12 . so , Simon sign up for hourtohour.notetonote@gmail.com . available ! he click back to the creeksecrets entry , and comment : I can relate . he ponder a pseudonym for himself , then notice a framed photo of he family in Paris 's luxembourg Park when he be a little boy . something about this photo make he decide to sign he comment Jacques . and then he add the new e-mail address beneath he comment so '' Blue '' can reach he . Simon hesitates for a moment , then hit post . off he face , excited and terrify ... CUT to black . int . simon 's room —- morning Simon wake up . instantly pick up he phone and check he '' hourtohour '' gmail account : one new message ! he can not open the inbox fast enough . but it 's just the stupid automate message gmail send when you open a account . and thus begin Simon 's excruciating school day wait for Blue to respond . int . creekwood high school - math CLASS -— morning close on a no cell phone poster . Simon and he CLASS sit in agony as a math teacher desperately try to get they excited about geometric proofs . math teacher »-eand we know this side here be twelve inch . so how do we determine the length of side a ? he be meet with a roomful of bore , vaguely hostile stare . finally , Simon raise he hand . math teacher ( cont 'd ) yes ! Simon ! simon May I go to the bathroom ? 13 . the math teacher deflate , silently wishing he become a engineer . int . creekwood high school - boy 's room - continuous Simon lock himself in a stall . take out he phone . still no new message . int . creekwood high school - cafeteria ~- later Simon sit at lunch with Nick , Abby , leah and a couple of Nick 's soccer friend , bram ( handsome , with olive skin and dark brown eye ) and garrett ( affable jock ) . Simon compulsively hit refresh on he phone , but he have no signal . garrett do you guy see that creeksecret post last night with the ferris wheel picture ? who do you think be gay ? this get Simon 's attention . he look up from he phone , try to keep he expression neutral . ABBY ( shrug ) who care ? it 's 2016 . garrett ( immediately defensive ) I do not care . I be just curious . I love gay people . my dad 's assistant be gay ! bram ( fake impressed ) wow , you dad 's assistant ? how have you not get a glaad award yet ? everyone laugh , include Simon . he take in bram , get a little lose in he dark brown eye . bram catch Simon stare at he and misunderstand : bram ( cont ’d ) you want some of my fries ? Simon blushes , but quickly cover : simon um , yeah . thanks . clearly Simon 's get a crush . 14 . int . creekwood high school - hallway - later Simon refresh he e-mail while hurry to he next class . and thus , he crash right into the vice principal , mr. worth ( 30' ) . he 's one of that administrator who desperately want to be friend with he student . mr . worth Simon , buddy , you know there 's no texting in the hall . simon I know , I just -- mr. worth you know I love you . simon you do ? mr. worth but a rule 's a rule . I have to confiscate the phone . you can pick it up after play rehearsal , ' kay ? Simon reluctantly hand over he phone as we prelap Oliver 's you have get to pick a pocket or two . int . creekwood high school - auditorium - after school Simon , Abby , and the cast of oliver perform a very sloppy run - through . the harmony be off , the choreography be a mess , and actor keep crash into each other . Simon play one of the orphans . Abby be the artful dodger . martin ( 17 , oddball class clown in a pun t-shirt that say '' trony , the opposite of wrinkly '' ) be fagin . martin you have get to pick a pocket or two , boooooys . you have get to pick a pocket or twooooocce ! ms . albright ( 30' , no -bullshit drama teacher ) and cal ( 17 , indie- dreamy stage manager ) give a weak round of applause . ms . albright okay , that be ... help I , Cal . cal that be a start . 15 . ms . albright that be a start ! Simon lean over and anxiously whisper to Abby : simon what time be it ? ABBY ten minute later than the last time you ask I . taylor , the type -a blonde senior girl play Oliver , raise she hand . ms . albright yes , Taylor ? taylor um , I be pretty singularly focus on be Oliver but I could still tell that suck . Jake and samantha be practically dry humping the entire time . angle on two entwine teens play fagin 's boy . they have they hand in each other 's back pocket . ms . albright Point take . let 's try and put aside we steamy personal life when we be in character , shall we ? Jake and samantha reluctantly remove they hand from each other 's pocket . cal from the top , people ! everyone grumble as they take they place . simon what time be it now ? int . creekwood high school - mr. worth 's office - day Simon enter Mr. Worth 's office , die to get he phone back . simon hi , I be here for my phone . Mr. Worth reach into he desk , take out Simon 's phone . 16 . mr . worth I hope you enjoy you time be '' disconnect . '' we depend so much on we device this day . simon ( die ) yup. totally . mr . worth I know I can not go a few hour without check my insta or play a little angry bird . Simon be go crazy . simon mhmm . it 's a struggle . finally , Mr. Worth hand over the phone . Simon check the little mail icon : one new e-mail ! int . / ext . simon 's honda / creekwood parking lot - day Simon get in he car , take out he phone , and open the e- mail . it 's from bluegreen118@gmail.con . as Simon read , he imagine ... CUT to : int . teen boy 's bedroom - day ( simon 's fantasy ) a suburban bedroom with distinctive navy blue wall . it belong to a mysterious teen boy write a e-mail to Simon . he be shot from behind so we never see he face . this be blue as Simon imagine he . he have a warm , intelligent voice . blue ( v.0 . ) you can relate ? I guess that mean you be either gay or you be stick on a ferris wheel . and I have a Google alert for carnival mishap , so I know it 's not the latter . when do you know ? and have you tell anyone ? Blue . back to reality : int . / ext . simon 's honda / creekwood parking lot - day Simon stare at the e-mail , totally exhilated till -- 17 . honk , honk ! he realize someone be wait for he spot . simon sorry ! I be leave . int . simon 's bedroom - afternoon Simon rush in and open he laptop to respond to Blue . we hear he voice as he type : simon ( v.0 . ) no , Blue . I have not tell anyone . and honestly , I can not even really explain why . I know deep down my family would be fine with it . cut to : ext . simon 's house - day ( flashback ) denise and Jack struggle mightily to stake a hillary sign in they yard . they give up and lean it against a bush . simon ( v.0 . ) both my parent vote for hillary . int . church ~ day ( flashback ) Simon and he family sit in a pew during Sunday mass . they be hot and bored . simon ( v.0 . ) and we only go to church when my grandma come to town . reveal they grandma , listen the the sermon , rapt . denise nudge Jack awake . int . creekwood high school - cafeteria —- day ( simon 's fantasy ) Simon get lunch with he friend . a couple of jock do that blow job gesture at he . leah flip they off . simon ( v.0 . ) I be sure a few dick from school would give I hell because half of Shady Creek be still stick in the 1950' . but my friend would be fine with it . back to reality : 18 . int . simon 's bedroom - afternoon Simon continue write the e-mail . simon ( v.0 . ) so I guess I 'il ruminate on what 's stop I and get back to you on it . ruminate . pretty good word , huh ? ( beat , then ) as for how I know I be gay , it be a bunch of little thing ... CUT to : int . simon 's bedroom - night ( flashback ) tween simon ( 12 ) sleep soundly in bed . simon ( v.0 . ) ..- like this weird dream I have about Daniel radcliffe . tween Simon wake up and look at a Harry Potter poster on he wall , surprised . int . simon 's bedroom - another night ( flashback ) simon ( v.0 . } and then proceed to have every night for a month . a exasperate tween Simon take down the Harry Potter poster and stuff it in the trash . int . passion pit concert - night ( flashback ) tween Simon and Alice bop they head as passion pit sing . simon ( v.0 . ) or how I be obsessed with Passion pit in middle school ... he stare at the lead singer , michael angelakos , transfix by he scruffy good look . simon ( v.0o . ) and then I realize it be not really about the music . int . middle school dance - day ( flashback ) tween Simon awkwardly slow dance with he pretty , extremely developed 7th grade girlfriend . 19 . simon ( v.0 . ) and then there be my first girlfriend . simon 's first girlfriend lean in and whisper to Simon : simon 's first girlfriend I think I be fall in love with you . tween simon wow . uh , I 'il be right back . tween Simon dart out of the gymnasium , leave he confuse gixlfriend stare after he . int . middle school bathroom - continuous ( flashback ) tween Simon crouch on a toilet so no one can see he foot , and text he mom : come pick I up . kid be drink alcohol . simon ( v.0 . ) it be not my proudest moment . back to reality : int . simon 's bedroom —- afternoon Simon finish up he e-mail to Blue . simon ( v.0 . ) how about you ? how do you know ? Simon consider how to sign he e-mail . simon ( ¥.0 . ) warmly , Jacques . ( ech ) fondly , Jacques . ( nope ) Jacques . satisfied , Simon hit send . int . simon 's kitchen - night nora serve Simon , denise , and Jack stuffed pepper that would be right at home in a michelin star restaurant . 20 . jack so after we finish install all the shower tile , she decide the black and white check be '' too black and white . '' nora ( timid ) this be pepper stuff with barley and cremini mushroom , dust with parmesan breadcrumb . jack ( big bite , net discern ) tastes great , nor. ( then , back into it ) so now she want marble . it 's not even the master bath ! Simon 's phone buzy : one new e-mail . he jump up without think . then : simon great story , dad . we be out of sprite . there 's a bottle in the basement , so ... and he 's go . int . simon ‘s basement - moment later Simon stand in front of a storage shelf hold a two liter of sprite and read a e-mail from Blue . blue ( v.0 . ) Jacques , do not worry . if you proudest moment happen in middle school that would be pretty sad . ( then ) for I , I realize I like guy watch game of Throne . int . simon 's bedroom - later that night Simon be sprawle in front of he laptop watch a tv show . blue ( v.0 . ) my friend be all hold they breath wait to see the Dragon princess 's boob . I be crush hard on jon snow . reveal Simon be watch a early game of Throne episode . kit harrington 's hair look super dreamy . Simon get it . 21 . blue ( v.0 . ) wow . I have never tell that to anyone before . Simon smile , touch that Blue have confide in he . he click over to gmail and reply to Blue : simon ( v.0 . ) well , I have never tell anyone about my Daniel radcliffe phase , so now we be even . and for the record , I think this jon snow guy be a excellent choice for you sexual awaken . I wish we would start e- mailing a month ago , I totally would have be he for Halloween . but people probably would nve just think I be the singer lorde . who do you dress up as ? Simon hit send . int . creekwood high school —- hall - the next morning Simon , Nick , Abby , and leah fight they way through the crush of kid head to homeroom . Simon take in the hundred of male creekwood student . quick cut of face after face after face , faster and faster and faster . titerally any one of they could be Blue . they pass a cute dorky guy put book in he locker , Simon notice the guy have a game of Throne poster tape inside it . just as Simon be wonder if he could be Blue , he pass another guy wear a game of Throne t-shirt . hopeless . Simon go to take out he phone when he spot Mr. Worth approach . he pocket the phone , split away from he friend , and enter : int . creekwood high school - library - day he sit down at a computer and eagerly log into he '' notetonote '' gmail , where he find a new message from Blue . blue ( v.0 . ) I do not dress up this year . for I , Halloween be really all about the reese 's . 22 . Simon scroll down to find a phote attach to the e-mail . it 's lorde's head photoshop onto jon snow 's shirtless body . Simon laugh . blue ( v.0 . ) here 's a mock - up of you Halloween costume for next year . you be welcome . Blue . Simon sit with a day smile . the librarian pass by ... librarian you certainly look happy today , Mr. spier . Simon immediately stop smile . once the librarian be far enough away , he Google image a photo of a huge pile of reesex cup and drag it into the e-mail . the bell ring . librarian ( cont 'd ) everybody get to homeroom ! Simon hurriedly write : simon ( v.0 . ) reese 's be better than sex . librarian ( to Simon ) that mean you , smiley . Simon send the e-mail and hurry off to class . int . creekwood high school - cafeteria - day Simon tear into a pack of reesex cup at lunch with he friend . bram sit down with he tray . bram ( be : reese 's ) man , I love that . Simon look from he reese 's to bram . he 's stunne . could he totally unattainable soccer crush be Blue ? bram ( cont 'd ) so , good news . my aunt 's boyfriend just take off with she car and all she jewelry -- garrett dude , that 's terrible ! 23. bram I know . but this be the third time it 's happen . she have really bad taste in guy . my mom be go down to Orlando to deal with it which mean I get to throw a party . he flash they all a shy smile . Simon smile back , totally charme by bram 's enthusiasm . garrett aw , sweetness ! thank you bram 's stupid aunt ! let 's get a mini keg . no , two mini keg . nick why do not we just get a regular keg ? garrett yes ! and a vodka luge ! as garrett continue to ramble on excitedly , Simon can not help but feel like bram 's eye be linger on he . off Simon , unsure ... int . creekwood high school - classroom - day Simon sit in class , sneakily read a new Blue e-mail on he phone . he now imagine bram 's voice narrate . bram ( v.0 . ) really , Jacques ? reese 's be better than sex ? I be not speak from experience , but I sincerely hope you be wrong . cut to : int . bram 's bedroom - day ( simon 's fantasy ) we be in the same , blue - wall bedroom , but now it belong to bram . because Blue be now bram in Simon 's mind . a shirtless bram speak directly to camera . he lick some melt chocolate off he finger . bram although if sex be chocolatey , and salty , and sweet ... ( signature shy smile ) I guess that would not be too bad ... back to reality : 24 . int . creekwood high school - CLASS room - day Simon shift in he seat , try to hide he boner . int . creekwood high school - auditorium - day the Oliver cast build set and hang light . Taylor approach Simon and Abby who be painting a backdrop of London . taylor do you guy think I should cut my hair short to play Oliver ? ABBY be not you wear a hat the entire time ? taylor yeah , but I read that when Daniel Day Lewis play that paralyze guy in my Left Foot he make the crew carry he around and feed he with a little spoon . Abby and Simon stare at Taylor . after a moment : ABBY in that case , yeah . you should cut you hair . taylor {instantly panicked ) really ? my hair be kind of my thing . simon ( have to get away from she ) I be gonna get some more paint . int . creekwood high school - drama supply closet - day Simon rummages through the shelf look for the right can of paint . martin ( 0.s.} Simon ? Simon whirl around , startle . Martin ( we pun-shirt fagin ) stand behind he with a strange , nervous look . simon Jesus , Martin . you scared I . what 's up ? 25 . martin I use the computer in the library vight after you . simon ( confuse ) okay ? Martin shuffles awkwardly . then : martin when I go to gmail , it pull up you account . and I read some of you e-mail . I should not have do it , but they be all just like , right there . Simon stare at Martin , he mind racing as he realize Martin now know he 's gay . martin ( cont 'd ) it will probably interest you to know my brother be gay . Simon struggle to keep he voice from tremble . simon no , Martin . that do not interest I to know . Simon take he paint and turn to go . martin Simon , calm down . I be not go to show anyone . Simon stop , turn back around to face Martin . simon show anyone what ? Martin can not meet Simon 's eye . Simon start to panic . simon ( cont 'd ) do you print my e-mail or something ? martin no , I ... take a screenshot . simon why the hell would you take a screenshot of my e-mail ? 26 . Martin do he awkward shuffle again . martin you and Abby suso be like , best friend , right ? simon we be friend , we be not best friend . what do that have to do with anything ? martin I need you to ... help I talk to she . and to , y'know , hang out with she . simon what ? why would I help you do that ? Martin stare at Simon , not want to say it . simon ( cont 'd ) oh my god . be you blackmail I ? martin do not be so dramatic . it 's not like that . I just like she and I need you help . simon and what if I say no ? you will tell the whole school I be gay ? you will leak my e-mail ? Post they on creeksecret ? Martin do not respond . Simon realize that 's exactly what Martin will do . finally , Martin speak . martin I think we be in a position to help each other out be all . just think about it . Martin walk out , leave a spiraling Simon in he wake . int . / ext . simon 's car / shady creek STREET - day Simon drive home in a daze . he blow a stop sign and do not even notice till someone honk at he . Simon gesture a vacant apology . 27 . int . simon be house - kitchen — night family dinner . Simon stare off into space as Jack , denise , and nora laugh and swap storey . they voice sound a million mile away . ext . simon 's neighborhood - night Simon walk bieber . suddenly , he start to sprint . he run until he lung be burn . he fall to he knee , gasp for air . bieber lick he face , oblivious . int . simon 's room - morning Simon 's alarm go off . he wake with a start . and then , yesterday 's event come rush back to he . simon shit . Simon check he phone : a new e-mail from Blue . he begin to read it ... bram ( v.0 . ) Jacques , I have to get something off my chest . the other day you ask I who I be for Halloween and I tell you I do not dress up . I lie . Simon straighten up , worried about where this be go . bram ( v.0 . ) the truth be , I do not want you to know my costume . if you do , you could just click through Facebook photo and figure out who I be . CUT to : int . creekwood high school - hallway - day ( simon 's fantasy ) Simon , leah , Nick and Abby walk down the hall in slow mo . bram ( v.0 . ) right now this e-mail feel like this totally safe place where I can tell you anything . and they will not feel that way anymore if we know each other 's identity . I be just not ready . 28 . they pass bram and he soccer buddy . Simon and bram stare straight ahead , ignore each other . bram {( v.0 . ) do you ever feel lock in you own body ? like there be thing you be absolutely die to do and say suddenly , bram turn around and begin to run towards Simon . but before he reach he he stop , frozen . bram ( v.0 . ) but for some reason , you just can not ? back to reality : int . simon nos room —- morning Simon sigh . he imagine ... CUT to : int . creekwood high ~ drama closet - day ( simon nos fantasy ) we be back in the moment where Martin blackmail Simon . martin it ' 1l probably interest you to know , my brother be gay . Simon stare at Martin for a beat . then , Simon do what he 's die to do : he punch Martin right in the face . for a brief moment , he be triumphant . but then , he fist move backwards as if in rewind . Martin get up , rights himself . and Simon say what he actually say : simon no Martin . that do not interest I to know . back toc reality : int . simon 's room - morning Simon write back to Blue . simon { v.0 . ) yes , Blue . I know just what you mean . 29 . Simon hit send . int . creekwood high school - locker - day Simon watch from afar as Martin struggle to close he locker which be overflow with old gym clothes and empty soda can . Martin pull out a very questionable sandwich , consider eat it . Simon approach . simon if you want I to help you get with Abby , you can not eat that . martin 80 you be go to help I ? simon yes . Martin instantly warm up , as if he be not blackmail Simon in a supply closet just yesterday . martin this be awesome ! I really think Abby and I be mean to be . simon ( dryly ) really ? do you ? martin not everything be about look , Simon . simon so you be banking on you great , blackmail -y personality get the job do ? martin that 's hurtful . simon do not care . do you want to come with we to bram 's party this weekend ? Martin light up . 30 . martin I love it . it 's so simple . I bet that 's why they call you simple Simon . simon no one call I that , Martin . Simon turn to leave . Martin go to take a bite of he old sandwich . simon ( cont ’d ) do not eat that sandwich , Martin . int . nick's basement - night Simon and he friend be sprawle out , snack on chip and drink soda pre - bram 's party . leah when should we head to bram 's ? ABBY let 's give it a hour . we do not want to get there when it 's just bram and the soccer dweeb . nick hey ! I be one of the soccer dweeb . ABBY oh , I know . if I have to listen to you brag about you epic bicycle kick one more time -- Nick throw a pillow at Abby and she shriek . nick do you even know what a bicycle kick be ? it 's insanely difficult to execute ! Simon clock leah 's discomfort as Nick and Abby flirt . simon leah , let 's go make that freeze pizza . int . nick's kitchen - night Simon and leah pull Trader Joe 's pizza out of the oven . simon excite for the party ? 31 . leah you mean be I excited to stand amongst we sweaty peer , be too self - conscious the dance and pretend to like the taste of beer ? ( beat , obvious lie ) totally ! simon why would you be self - conscious ? you be like the coolest person in we school . leah snort like , '' as if . '' simon ( cont ’d ) I be serious . look at you . Simon drag she over to a wall mirror and they both take in she stylish , homemade outfit . simon ( cont 'd ) you be like , effortlessly cool . leah I be pretty sure you be the only person that feel that way . simon well , it 's true . ever since you make yourself that macaroni headband in kindergarten , you have be a trendsetter . leah also know as the day you have to go to the hospital . simon yup . Nick tell I if I shove the macaroni deep enough in my nose a mac and cheese tree would grow out of my head . he be very convincing . leah grin . after a moment : leah I be sorry I have be weird lately . simon I get it . it 's be just you , I , and Nick for so long . and now Abby 's here . ( more ) 32 . simon ( cont 'd ) ( gently , for leah ) it 's different . leah stare at he . it seem like she want to say more . but the moment be interrupt by the doorbell . int . nick 's live room - night Simon and leah enter as Nick and Abby come upstairs . nick who 's that ? simon I invite Martin . ABBY Martin addison ? nick why ? simon ( barely sell it ) he 's cool . Simon open the door to reveal Martin wear one of he iconic pun shirt ( this one say I 'm a fungi with a picture of a mushroom in sunglass . ) he 's not even cool adjacent . martin even , spier . ready to party ? Simon stare at Martin 's shirt , perturb . int . / ext . leah car / shady creek street - night leah drive with Simon riding shotgun . Abby be sandwich between Nick and Martin in the back . she scroll through spotify on she phone . nick would you just pick a song already ! ABBY ( laugh ) it 's hard ! there be so many choice . Martin see a open to connect with Abby ... martin you should see I try and choose a film on Netflix . ( more ) 33 . martin ( cont 'd ) be I feel like apatow or be I in a billy wilder mood ? not like you have to be in a mood for the genius ef billy -- nick nignore Martin ) just put on drake ! you be black , I have be to Canada . a little something for everybody . Abby laugh . as they continue to flirt , Martin mumble to himself . martin s--sometime if I can not decide I watch knocked up and sunset boulevard . Simon shake he head . this be not go well for Martin . ext . bram 's STREET - night everyone get out of the car and walk toward bram 's . as the gang charge towards the party , Martin pull Simon aside . martin what the hell , spier ? Nick will not stop flirt with Abby . simon I do not know what to tell you . martin nannoy ) tell I you all make he stop . simon how be I suppose to -- but Martin be already hurry after Abby . Simon sigh . int . bram 's house - night a who 's who of the junior class dance , flirt , and drink very cheap flavor vodka . Simon , Nick , and leah enter trail by Martin who regales Abby with more hyper-specific conversation : martin --- but I think gilda radner be the great snl member of all time . 34 . ABBY ( polite ) wow , you know a lot about sketch comedy . Abby spot a friend across the party . ABBY ( cont ’d ) Chloe , hi ! Abby take leah 's hand and drag she away with she . Martin consider for a moment . then he follow after the girl . bram approach Simon and Nick . Simon automatically smooth down he hair nervously . nick this party be crazy ! bram I know . I invite like fifteen people . and then garrett invite the rest of the school . I think most of this people think we be at he house . across the room , a drunk garrett karaoke to beyoncé . garrett what 's worse , look jealous or crazy ? jealous or crazy ? random kid great party , garrett ! garrett thanks , benji ! back on Simon , Nick , and bram : nick how about a shot ? to you party . simon and you aunt find a man who be not a con artist . bram smile . Nick grab a bottle of fireball whiskey and pour two shot , assume Simon do not want one . simon ( cont ’d ) uh , I nil have one too . 35 . nick ( surprised ) really ? you could not even finish a glass of manischewitz at leah 's seder . simon just give I the shot , Nick . bram I have find it help not to breathe through you nose until it 's all the way down . then you pretend you love it and go '' whooo ! '' Simon nod , grateful for bram 's candor . Nick hand Simon a shot glass . they all down they shot . there 's a crash in the next room . bram ( cont 'd ) oh god , I hope that be not one of my mom 's porcelain owl . she do not have a sense of humor about that . he hurry into the crowd . Simon stare after he . ext . bram 's backyard - night Simon and Nick step out onto a deck overlock partygoer in the yard below . Nick can not take he eye off of Abby , who whip and nae nae with a group of girl . include leah , who awkwardly snap she finger to the music , try she best to cut loose . nick Abby be so hot it 's insane . simon yeah , she 's ... unstoppable . suddenly , Nick look worried . nick wait , you be not , like , into she , be you ? simon Nah . she 's hot but she 's not , uh , my type - {then , quickly ) not because she 's black . I love black woman . ( more ) simon ( cont 'd ) not like , I have a thing for black woman . I just love all woman . 36 . Simon grimace at he awkwardness . but Nick do not notice . nick the other day , she miss she bus to stay and help I make a list of all the college that have soccer scholarship . and she 's the only person whose eye do not glaze over when I recap my dream . oresolve ) I '' gonna ask she out . shit . Simon glance down at Martin , desperately try to dance with Abby . she 's focus on she circle of girlfriend and have no idea that he 's even there . Simon can not let Nick get in the way of Martin 's pursuit of Abby . so ... simon you can not ask Abby out . nick ( surprised ) why not ? simon because ... Simon rack he brain for a reason . unfortunately , the only one he can think of be a lie . simon ( cont 'd ) look . at she old school , Abby have kind of a reputation . nick what kind of reputation ? simon for be ... experience . she hook up with a ton of guy . nick oh . I do not know that . simon and have you see she old Facebook photo ? ( more ) 37 . simon ( cont 'd ) it 's like everyone at that school be a seven foot tall black dude . so she probably have very high standard ... sexually . nick but I have only have sex once . simon ( meaningfully ) I know . nick and I could barely figure out where my dick go . simon ( gravely ) I know . nick I mean , I know where it go , but no one tell you how dark it 's gonna be . or how slippery everything get . and how part that you think be the right part be actually the other part . and then by the time I figure it out , it be over . simon I think she 's use to guy who know which part be the right part . nick ( hat himself ) I do not blame she . simon do not tell she I tell you about how many guy she 's be with , okay ? she have be super embarrassed . nick yeah , of course . ( overwhelm ) I be gonna go get another drink . Simon watch Nick go , then glance down at Abby , happily dance . he feel like shit . 38 . ext . bram 's backyard - later Simon come down from the deck onto the lawn where bram be set up a Beer pong table with Abby . bram Abby say it 's not a real party until there 's beer pong . ABBY that 's right . word to live by . bram you wanna play ? simon sure . bram cool . we need one more . simon hey . how about you and I versus Abby and ... ( fake scan the crowd ) Martin . Martin , come over here ! ABBY no , do not -- but it 's too late . Martin bound over . simon Martin , you be on Abby 's team . Abby shoot Simon a annoyed icok . Simon give a innocent shrug . ABBY have you ever even play beer pong before ? martin totally . ABBY ( to everyone , no bs ) great . no blow , two re-rack , two ball in one cup mean you drink three . cool ? martin actually , I be think of a different game . I have never play . 39 . bram ( gently ) we 'il explain as we go . ABBY ( not gently ) Simon and Martin , shoot to decide who go first . you can not break eye contact . whoever get they ball in win . bram hand Simon and Martin each a ping pong ball . he pat Simon on the back , he hand linger on he shoulder . bram you get this . Simon turn from the adorable soccer player to face the nerd threaten to ruin he life . he be determine to win this shoot off . Simon focus , aim , toss , and ... get he ball in a cup ! Martin 's ball meanwhile fly across the yard in the complete wrong direction , hit a — — partygoer ow , what the hell ! martin sorry ! simon I get it in ! bram I see ! and with this , music kick in for a sequence intercutte Simon 's beer pong game with moment of Simon thriving at the party , emerge from he shell a bit , and get deee -runk . ext . Beer pong table - night Simon shoot and get a ball in a cup . he 's a natural ! bram drink , Martin ! ( to Simon ) we need a handshake . simon we do need a handshake ! 40 . ext . bram 's backyard — night Simon do Big Sean 's rap from Justin bieber 's '' as Long as you Love I '' for a crowd of kide . he be surprisingly good . simon now we on top of the worid , ' Cause that 's just how we do . use to tell I sky 's the limit now the sky 's we point of view ! ext . Beer pong table ~ night bram get a ball in a cup . they do a elaborate handshake they have apparently just make up . martin should we have a handshake too ? ABBY you get one ball in , we will make up a handshake . ext . bram 's backyard - night Simon grab leah and pull she onto the grass where a bunch of kid be dance . she give in and start actually have fun . ext . Beer pong table - later bram get in a shot and Martin have to chug a beer . he sway a little , already kind of drunk . ABBY De you want I to drink for you ? martin ( try for swagger ) I can hold my own , kiddo . he throws the ball . spectator it 's not you turn , mar-tard ! ext . bram 's backyard - night Simon watch as bram survey the snack table then pop a reese 's peanut butter cup into he mouth . Simon be feel like bram be totally Blue . Al . ext . Beer pong table - later Simon and bram have one cup to go . Simon be up . if he make the shot , they win . bram you get this . Simon take a deep breath , focus , and shoot the ball . and he get it in ! bram ( cont ’d ) yes ! Simon and bram share a quick victory hug . Simon be totally feel they chemistry . bram ( cont ’d ) I be gonna go make we victory drink . be right back . bram head inside . a waste Martin approach Simon . martin I think tonight be go well . she do not want to see my ventriloquist act but that actually work out because I do not have my dummy with -- before Martin can finish , he barf all over . a little of it splatter on Simon 's shoe . simon damnit , Martin . int . bram 's house - upstair hall - night Simon carry he barf - cover shoe as he drunkenly search for the bathroom door . he open it . except it be not the bathroom . it 's a ... int . bedroom - night ... where bram be make out with a hot sophomore girl , who be aggressively unzipping he pants . bram start to unhook she bra . Simon stand there in shock . bram look up , notice Simon . simon I , wh -- sorry . bathroom . bye . Simon slam the door shut . he sigh . guess bram be not Blue after all . fuck. 42 . ext . bram 's yard - night a spend Simon come outside to find Martin pass out , Nick sit alone spiraling about he lack of sexual experience , and Abby dance with garrett and leah . Simon approach . ABBY no , that be definitely not it . garrett ( spastically dance ) Simon , tell they that this be the macarena . simon I get throw up on . can we go home ? ext . simon 's house - night Abby and Simon say goodbye to leah who be in she car . simon ABBY thanks for the ride . see you Monday , babe . Abby and Simon approach Simon 's front door . a light be still on in the live room . simon oh god . I think my parent be still up . do I seem drunk ? Simon struggle not to sway . ABBY yes . just stand strong , like a tree . and think of something sad . like that documentary about how all the whale hate live at Sea World . simon I can not think about that . too sad . ABBY exactly . and here . Abby take a jar of peanut butter out of she purse , scoops a dollop out with she finger and offer it to Simon . simon uh , no thanks ? 43. ABBY it 's to cover up the booze on you breath . which right now smeil like my uncle lester when the brave lose a game . or win a game . Simon take a scoop . through a mouthful of peanut butter : simon you be my smartest friend . you should get a award . for outstanding friendship smartness and intelligence . Abby wipe a glob of peanut butter from Simon 's upper lip . ABBY let I do the talk , ' kay ? int . simon 's house ~- night Simon and Abby enter . denise and Jack be watch a movie . DENISE hi , guy . how be the party ? ABBY great . denise sniff the air . DENISE why do it smell like peanut butter ? simon ( drunk / guilty ) what ? no , it do not ! maybe you be have a stroke . ABBY okay , good night ! thanks for let I stay over ! Abby drag Simon out of the room . once they be go : DENISE he 's a little drunk , right ? jack definitely . but he do not drive and he make it home by curfew . so I have say we be kill it . 44 . denise nod in agreement . then : DENISE do you think we should have Abby sleep on the couch ? jack Nah , there 's nothing to worry about . she 's way out of he league . denise give Jack a shove . int . simon 's room - night Abby snore soundly on a sleep bag on the floor . Simon be in bed , wide awake , mind reeling . he take out he iphone and open a new e-mail . he begin to type quickly , the word pour out of he : simon ( v.0 . ) } dear Blue , I have be think about why I have not come out yet . maybe it 's because it do not seem fair that only gay people have to come out . why be straight the default ? Simon stare over at Abby , sleep peacefully . he imagine a sequence of he best friend '' come out '' ... cut to : int . ABBY 's apartment - day ( simon' fantasy ) Abby approach she mom , who be drink coffee at the kitchen counter . ABBY Mom , there 's something I have to tell you . Abby 's Mom look alarmed . int . nick 's house - day ( simon 's fantasy ) Nick approach he parent , watch television the couch . nick guy . um , can we talk ? Nick 's Mom shut off the tv , concerned . 4s . int . leah 's house - day ( simon 's fantasy ) she tap on she leah eat dinner with she entire family . glass to get they to quiet down : leah there 's something I need to say . quick cut as leah , Nick , and Abby , '' come out . '' int . ABBY 's house - day ( simon ‘s fantasy ) ABBY I be straight . Abby 's Mom burst into tear . she cross herself . int . nick 's house ~ day ( simon 's fantasy } nick ( deep breath , then ) I like girl . Nick 's Mom take Nick 's dad 's hand . int . leah 's house - night ( simon 's fantasy ) leah I have a crush on nick. because ... I be into guy . leah 's family look stunned . leah 's dad walk out of the room , furious . leah hang she head , devastate . back to reality : int . simon 's room —- night Simon continue write to Blue . simon ( v.0 . ) or maybe it 's because I be tired of I keep change in all come out . CUT to : this tiny way . int . creekwood high school - cafeteria - day ( flashback ) Simon introduce Abby to leah and Nick for the first time . simon ( v.0 . ) I make a new friend . 46 . int . bram 's party - earlier that night ( flashback ) Simon take he first shot of fireball . simon ( v.0 . ) I get drunk . int . simon 's room - day ( flashback ) Simon lock he bedroom door . simon ( ¥.0 . ) I start lock my door so I can fantasize about someone I have never even meet . he lie on he bed and slide he hand down he pants . back to : int . simon 's room -— night Simon continue he e-mail : simon ( v.0 . ) and every single time , I have to reintroduce myself to the world all over again . Simon take a moment to consider . then , he keep write : simon ( v.0 . } there 's not that much of high school leave . int . / ext . simon 's car / creekwood high - day ( flashback ) Simon , Nick , and leah drive into school with iced coffee , they classic morning routine . they laugh and joke with the ease of lifelong friend . simon ( ¥.0 . ) and part of I want to hold on to who I have always be , just a little longer . int . dorm room - day ( simon 's fantasy ) Simon 's roommate hang a sexy emily ratajkowski poster above he bed . simon ( v.0 . ) and then in college , I 'il be gay and proud , I promise . 47 . Simon hang a michael angelakos passion pit poster above he bed . back to : int . simon 's bedroom - night Simon finish write to Blue . simon ( v.0 . ) not sure who I be promise . you ? the universe ? myself ? I x11 keep ruminate . Love , Jacques . Simon hit send . after a moment , he panic . he review he message , and there it be in front of he : '' Love , Jacques . '' he close he e-mail . simon ( terrify ) oh god . int . creekwood high school - auditorium - day the cast mill about onstage , wait for rehearsal to begin . taylor ~~ and then for New Year 's , we fly to kauai ! but do not worry , I be go to wear so much sunscreen . a tan Oliver would completely ruin the integrity of we production . anyone else do Christmas to Hawaii ? Abby stare dagger at Taylor . cal I be go to a unheate vacation house in the middle of nowhere . as be my bleak family tradition . simon I be stay here . Alice be come home from -- martin ( approach . } Simon , can I talk to you ? Simon 's heart sink . simon -- College . 48 . he reluctantly step away to talk to Martin . martin I get nowhere with Abby at bram 's party ! simon well , maybe you should not have wear you '' I be a fungus '' t-shirt . martin fungi ! like fun guy . simon I get it , Martin . nobody want to have sex with a pun . Martin be start to get work up . martin stop joke around , man ! I do not want to leak that e-mail , but I will . and I know you do not want the whole school learn that you and you internet boyfriend have crush on jon snow . Simon freeze . simon you can not drag Blue into this . he 's really private . Martin avoid eye contact . he clearly feel guilty , but not guilty enough to take back the threat . simon ( cont 'd ) ( panic ) you do not understand . if you post we e-mail he have be so freak out . he have never talk to I again . before Martin have a chance to respond , Abby approach with she Oliver script . she have no idea she 's walk into such a load moment . ABBY I can not memorize all my Oliver line . the artful dodger never shut the hell up . ( off they weird look ) what 's wrong with you two ? 49 . Simon take a beat . then : simon Martin 's have trouble learn he part too . why do not we all go to waffle House later this week and run line ? ABBY really ? that have be great ! martin I be insky . Abby head off . once she 's go : martin ( cont ’d ) Nice work , spier . simon {cold } go to hell , Martin . Simon walk backstage , anxious to get away from Martin . he take out he phone . he have a new e-mail from Blue . we hear it read in the anonymous voice Simon imagine , before he suspect Blue be bram : blue ( v.0 . ) Jacques , I know what you mean about want to wait till college . ext . creekwood high school - front step - later that day Simon head towards he car , a daze look on he face . blue ( v.o. ) I have get a pretty good thing go as closete I . can not I just hold on a little longer ? ( beat ) and you be right , it 's not fair that straight people get to go about they life without think twice . Simon pass a straight couple making out passionately . nobody pay they any attention . blue ( ¥v.0 . ) they should definitely have to come out . as straight . I guess this be we version of the homosexual agenda ? Love , blue. 50 . Simon take out he phone . he open up the same e-mail we just hear . there it be in black and white : '' Love , Blue . '' he stare at the word , terrify of lose Blue . int . waffle house - day Simon and Abby grab a booth . simon nscan ) I guess Martin 's not here yet . ABBY um , not to be a bitch , but why be we hang out with Martin so much lately ? simon I like he . he march to the beat of he own drum . ABBY I bet the drum have a bad pun on it . ( then ) sooo , while we be wait ... what do you think about Nick ? simon what do you mean ? ABBY like , do you think Nick be ... cool ? Simon know where this be go . and he want no part of it . simon ( too sharp ) of course I think he 's cool . if I do not , why would I be friend with he ? Abby shoot he a weird look . ABBY uh , okay , sorry . I guess what I be try to ask be , do you think he 's worthy of the new girl in school crush on he ? just a little ? Simon stiffen . he 's go to have to play defense to keep Nick and Abby apart . again . 51 . simon no . you should not get with Nick . ABBY ( deflate ) really ? why not ? simon because ... ( lie ) Nick 's bad to woman . ABBY what ? simon not like Chris Brown bad . he 's just immature . and selfish . ABBY really ? how ? simon ( think , then ) he have a serious girlfriend before you move here . and he cheat on she . ABBY he do ? simon yeah . she be crazy about he . and he sleep with someone else . ABBY I mean , that 's shitty ... but we be in high school . stuff like that happen . simon the girl he sleep with be he girlfriend 's cousin . ABBY oh my god . simon I know . she come to visit for the summer . from Maine . ABBY well , maybe he really like she ? 52 . simon ( get frustrated ) no . he do not . that 's the worst part . he just keep say , '' how cool would it be if I bang cousin ? '' ABBY that 's really effed up . simon yeah . ABBY it do not sound like he at all . simon you can not say anything to Nick . he have be so mad if he know I tell you . ABBY I will not . I promise . they sit in unpleasant silence for a moment . Simon feel like shit . then , Martin enter wear a non - punny polo shirt and some product in he hair . martin sorry I be late . ABBY hey . Nice shirt . Martin immediately turn bett red and get so weird . martin oh , really ? I do not know . I be just try something . Abby smile , a little charme by Martin 's awkwardness . they waiter , lyle ( 17 , cute ) , approach . lyle hey guy , what can I get you ? martin hey , lyle. ( to Simon and Abby ) do you guy know lyle ? we have Latin together . ABBY simon do not think so . how 's it go ? 53 . lyle ( to Simon ) actually , we have bio together last year . simon oh , sorry . lyle that 's okay . it be a big class . I have a good memory for face . simon I do not . one time I ask Jake gyllenhaal for Toby Maguire 's autograph . he say no . lyle ( smile , then ) I be go to seem like a total stalker , but I be guess you want a banana strawberry waffle with whipped cream and chocolate chip ? Simon be surprised : clearly lyle have really notice he . could he be into guy ? simon yeah . I do . lyle I have wait on you before . and it 's kind of a memorable order . simon because I order like a four- year - old destine for diabete ? lyle ( laugh ) no . you order like someone who know what he want . Simon smile at lyle and imagine ... cur to : int . blue 's bedroom - day ( simon 's fantasy ) the same navy blue bedroom we have see we faceless Blue write e-mail in . 54 . except now the door open and lyle enter , take off he waffle House vest . back to reality : int . waffle house - day Simon stare at lyle as he write down they order , wonder if he could be Blue . int . waffle house - later we be mid-meal . Abby and Martin run Oliver line . Simon keep casually glance over at lyle , wait table . ABBY ( as artful dodger} fagin , this be my new friend , Oliver twist . Simon check the script and give she a thumb up . Martin stare dreamily at Abby . simon it 's you line , Martin . martin ( ignore he ) that 's a great british accent . you sound like audrey hepburn . ABBY thanks . do you need Simon to give you you line ? martin ( ignore she ) have you ever be to London ? ABBY nope . Simon , maybe you should give he -- martin you nre from D.C. , right ? ABBY mhmm . let 's try not to lose -- martin that 's awesome . what part ? 55 . ABBY what 's with the third degree , Martin ? you write a book about black girl from d.c .? martin ( faux offended ) I be naturally inquisitive . my mom say it 's one of my best quality . Abby can not help but smile at Martin . . ABBY not sure you mom be the most reliable source . martin be you call Janet addison a liar ? because that 's blasphemy , she be a phenomenal judge of character . Abby laugh and grab a french fry off Martin 's plate . Simon watch , pleasantly surprised . it 's not exactly sexually charge but maybe Martin be not totally hopeless ? simon notice lyle stand outside on he break and decide to take advantage of the opportunity . simon be right back . ext . waffle house - moment later Simon step outside to find lyle finish up something on he phone . Simon muster up he courage and approach . simon so , be you in bio the day we perform the '' identify leave '' test ? lyle look up from he phone . lyle oh my god , yes . and Joel winslow eat the poison ivy ? simon yes ! because Doug fogerty tell he it be pot . lyle laugh . 56 . lyle I should get back to disinfect the waffle iron . ( off Simon 's look ) it 's not as bad as it sound . actually , it be . ( then ) if you do not remember I the next time we meet I be go to take it personally . they share a smile and lyle head in . Simon take out he phone and notice he have a new e-mail . Blue . cur to : ext . waffle house - minute earlier ( flashback ) we be back to moment ago , when Simon step outside and see lyle finish something on he phone . could he have be type this very e-mail ? back to : ext . waffle house - as we be Simon start to read the e-mail , imagine lyle 's voice narrate it . lyle ( v.0 . ) so my dad 's fly in tonight for Chanukah . do I mention my parent be divorced and I be half - jewish ? cur to : ext . crappy HOTEL - day ( simon 's fantasy ) a beat up chevy pull into the parking lot of this low - rent hotel . lyle father ( 40' ) get out of the car , take in the hotel and sigh . lyle ( v.0 . ) my dad be stay at the same crappy hotel as always . and we will do all we horribly awkward tradition . int . crappy HOTEL room - night ( simon 's fantasy ) lyle 's Father open the front door to let in lyle . he step into the room and the two man share a awkward hug . 57 . int . crappy HOTEL room - later ( simon 's fantasy ) lyle watch as he dad make a big show of pretending to light a menorah . lyle ( v.0 . ) we will mime lighting the menorah . we will not actually light it because that could set off the smoke detector . int . crappy HOTEL room - later ( simon ‘s fantasy ) lyle sit in front of a bunch of wrapping paper , have just unwrapped seven very lackluster gift . lyle ( v.0 . ) and then I 'il open all eight present . because this be the only night of Chanukah we will actually spend together . he finish unwrap the last one ... a pair of boxer with bottle of hot sauce on they . he feign enthusiasm . lyle ( v.0 . ) the only thing worse than how much I hate the gift my dad give I be how much he hate the gift he give I . his dad shrug and wince . lyle {¥ .0 . ) would you believe I be actually consider double down and turn this awkward mess into 4 come out thing ? something about he live across the country make I feel like I can tell he without blow up my entire world . lyle put down the boxer . he take a deep breath and stare he dad straight in the eye . lyle ( v.0 . ) do you think I be crazy ? Love , Blue . back to reality : ext . waffle house — day Simon respond immediately : 58. simon ( v.0 . ) no , Blue . I do not think you be erazy . I think you be brave as fuck . Love , Jacques . int . / ext . abby' car / shady creek street - dusk Abby drive as Simon sit shotgun . he 's deep in think as Abby ramble on about Martin . ABBY ( thoughtful ) y'know , Martin 's not that bad . but we do not get anything do . he be too busy ask how be a child of divorce inform my ideal romantic partner ... as Abby continue she rant about Martin , we ... CUT to : int . crappy HOTEL room - night ( simon 's fantasy } lyle and he dad sit on the foot of the bed . lyle take a deep breath and tell he dad he 's gay . his dad nod as the enormity of lyle 's word sink in . back to : int . / ext . ABBY 's car / shady creek street - dusk and something about imagine this be make Simon practically burst ... ABBY maybe if I try recording my Oliver line and listen to they while I sleep -- simon Abby ! ( beat , then ) I be gay . ABBY oh . they drive for a moment . Simon begin to panic at the enormity of what he 's just do : simon you can not tell anyone . no one else know - — - 59 . Abby pull over . they be quiet for a moment . ABBY so this be the first time you have tell anyone ? Simon nod . ABBY ( cont 'd ) I '' honore . . simon be you surprised ? ABBY ( think , then ) no. simon so you know ? ABBY no. simon but you be not surprised ? ABBY ( gently ) do you want I to be surprised ? simon I do not know . ABBY what be you go to do now ? be you go to tell more people ? simon I do not know . ABBY okay , well , I love you . and there 's nothing else to say . they stare at each other a moment longer . Abby smile at he then begin to drive again . Simon brushes away tear . int . simon 's live room - night Simon enter to find he parent cuddle up , read . DENISE hey , si. 60 . jack how be you day , buddy ? Simon consider the enormity of he day . but all he say be : simon it be fine . they smile at he then go back to read . Simon linger , stare at the old framed family photo on the piano . it all seem like a simpler time . and one that seem further away with every pass second . as he exit , we hear he next e-mail to Blue : simon ( v.0 . ) dear Blue , I hope it go okay with you dad . whatever happen , you inspire I . ext . simon 's backyard - night Simon lie in the hammock , write to Blue on he phone : simon ( v.o. ) I come out to my friend tonight . I never would have do it without you . Simon consider for a moment . he 's buzzing with adrenaline and excitement and he can not help but add ... simon ( v.0 . ) maybe we should ride this bravery train and reveal we identity . I be die to know who you be . Love , Jacques . int . simon ’'s room - middle of the night Simon be asleep . then , the unmistakable new e-mail bing on he phone . Simon check he e-mail and read Blue 's new message : lyle ( v.0 . ) I tell my dad . it be insanely awkward . but in the end , it go well . {more ) él . lyle ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we even decide to throw caution to the wind and light the menorah for real . CUT to : int . crappy HOTEL room - night ( simon 's fantasy ) lyle 's dad light the Chanukah candle with a bic . lyle ( v.0 . ) that go less well . the sprinklers in the room turn on , dousing lyle and he dad with water . back to reality : int . simon 's room - night Simon smile , continue read : lyle ( v.0 . ) also , you have get it backwards . it 's you who inspire I . {beat } but , I be sorry . I be just not ready for we to know each other 's identity . Love , Blue . Simon 's smile fade as he come crash back to earth . then , he notice he have two unread texts : one from Martin , one from Abby . he open Martin 's first . CUT to : int . martin 's room - night ( simon 's fantasy ) Martin address the camera , relaying she text message out loud : martin great job orchestrate today 's hang . I feel like Abby and I be really vibing . keep up the good work and maybe you secret will stay in the closer . ( then ) sorry , autotype . closet . back to reality : 62. int . simon 's room —- night Simon look worried . then , he open Abby 's text . cut to : int . ABBY n's room - night ( simon 's fantasy ) Abby sit on she bed in pjs . she speak directly to camera : ABBY you come out make I think . life be short . do not care about Nick 's past . gonna tell he how I feel . heart emoji , nervous emoji . sorry for late night text . xx. she blows two kiss to the camera . back to reality : int . simon 's bedroom - night Simon stare at he phone , very worried . simon shit . off Simon , desperate to protect he relationship with Blue ... int . creekwood high school - the next day Nick close he locker door and be startle to find Simon stand right it . nick ahh ! God , ever since that sinus surgery you be such a quiet breather . Nick and Simon start walk to class . simon I figure out you dream . nick huh ? simon put in you contact backwards . I figure out what you can not see that 's right in front of you . 63 . nick oh , yeah . that be a good one . but not as good as the one I have last night . I be play goalie for atlético Madrid , and lionel messi be about to shoot on I when I realize there 's a heart shape hole in my short and my ball be hang out - simon shut up ! ( then ) I figure out what you can not see that 's right in front of you . nick what ? simon leah . nick what about she ? simon she 's who you really want to be with . nick uh , would not I know if I want to be with leah ? simon no . because you be too close to it . you have be best friend so long that you can not see what 's right in front of you . nick ( doubtful ) I do not think so - simon of course ! it 's always be leah . Abby be just you way of distracting yourself because you be scared to go for it with leah . nick I dunno , the Abby thing feel real . and I have be think , the sexual experience thing be not really that big a deal . ( more ) 64 . nick ( cont 'd ) ( drop voice to whisper ) I have actually be practice . I get this thing on the internet call a pocket puss — — simon ( blurt cut ) Abby like Martin ! nick what ? Martin addison ? no way . Simon take a breath . time for some more lie . simon I know . I be surprised too , but they have be spend a ton of time together at rehearsals . she like how quirky he be . nick wow. ( then ) but Martin definitely be not good at sex ! simon I hear he learn a ton from some divorced woman . on a family cruise . Nick look disgust as they stop outside he classroom . simon ( cont ’d ) just promise I you 'il think about ask leah out . you be the one who 's always say the subconscious work in mysterious way . nick {unsure ) I do say that . Nick head into he class , lose in think . off Simon , feel like the biggest shit heel in the world ... int . creekwood high school - hallway - later Simon shut he locker door to find leah stand behind it , & la Simon in the previous scene . simon ahh ! leah {uncomfortable ) so ... Nick ask I to have dinner before the Christmas homecome game . Simon feign ignorance . simon uh , okay ? leah no , you do not understand . he be like , '' do you want to have dinner ? '' and I be like , '' sure , be Abby and Simon in ? '' and he be like , '' I be think it could be just the two of we . like ... a date . '' simon oh. wow . this be amazing ! lear it be ? simon I mean , be not it ? I know you be into he . 65 . leah look surprised . like she do not realize Simon know that . simon ( cont 'd ) come on , leah . I '' you best friend . I see thing . and I have always think you guy would be great together . leae really ? simon of course . you be bear two week apart , you grow up across the street from each other , you middle name be both Alex . you guy be one tragic boat accident away from be a Nicholas spark movie . Simon see that leah still look very unsure . pretty sure he know why ... and he 's 66 . simon ( cont ’d ) ( gently ) I know you have not really date before . but you have nothing to be worried about . it 's Nick . leah finally manage a nervous : leah okay , then . I guess I 'il say yes . simon I be so psyched for you guy . Simon give she a hug , praying that he have not set leah up to get she heart break by the guy she 's in love with ... ext . creekwood high school - football field - night creekwood 's Christmas - theme homecome be a real spectacle : the marching band play a horn version of '' all I want for Christmas be you '' . cheerleader form a very impressive Christmas tree ( okay , it 's a pyramid , but they be hold ornament ! ) . student chow down on pull pork and apple cider from a collection of food truck . and the creekwood grizzly bear mascot chase the almont archer ( @ guy dress as a giant foam bow and arrow ) across the field . Simon and Abby take in the scene . ABBY why be the almont archer mascot a giant bow and arrow ? should not it be a archer ? simon it use to be this super racist Native american character that be play by a jewish kid with a spray tan . ABBY ( cring ) oooooh . simon yeah . this be better . 67 . they scan the crowd for Nick and leah . ABBY ( bum ) I guess Nick and leah be still on they date . simon I be sure they all be here soon . ( then , off Abby ) I be really sorry it do not work out with you and Nick . ABBY it 's cool . I be not really think about it . definitely not picture they park on a quiet street . Zayn malik come on , they make out . and then it start to rain ... Simon feel awful . tries to change the subject . simon how about something deep fry ? he lead Abby to the food truck . Abby gaze out at the football player warming up on the field in they uniform . ABBY at least the eye candy here be a distraction . be it just I , or be the almont qb insanely hot ? Simon be immediately uncomfortable . ABBY ( cont ’d ) we can talk about stuff like that now , you know . simon I guess so . I do not really know how though . ABBY then you better practice . Simon , do you think the quarterback be look fooiiine in he hot pants ? simon yeah , he 's pretty fine . ABBY no. foooiinne . 68 . simon ( laugh ) foooiine . Simon and Abby approach a burger truck . ABBY four cheeseburger , please . ( then , realize ) oh , duh , Nick and leah will have eat . just two . Simon give Abby a sad smile . ABBY ( cont ’d ) you know what , even if Nick and I have get together , we just would have break up when college start . simon you would have ? ABBY of course . all high school couple say they be gonna do the long distance thing . then three month inte freshman year you get tired of facetime sex , have a few too many vodka cranberry , and all of a sudden you be hook up with you poly sci of in the back of he truck . ( off Simon ) it happen to my cousin . before Simon have a chance to respond ... lyle ( 0.8 . ) hey , guy . Simon and Abby turn around to find lyle get in line at a chicken and biscuit truck . ABBY lyle . my favorite waiter . simon hey . ' sup . Simon quickly run he hand through he hair . and Abby realize Simon be into lyle . 69 . ABBY I be go to go grab we some drink . Abby give Simon a point look and walk away . simon would not have take you for a homecome guy . lyle I be just here for the biscuit . simon I get it . it 's all about the sweet tea and camaraderie for this guy . Simon cringe at he lame line . but lyle smile . charme ? lyle ( suddenly nervous ) hey , so . can I ask you a question ? Simon be nearly burst with anticipation . simon of course . lyle steel himself . then ask : lyle what 's Abby 's deal ? seriously ? lyle like Abby ? Simon can barely hide he devastation . lyle ( cont 'd ) I know you and she hang out a lot . be the two of you -- simon ( annoyed ) we be just friend . lyle cool . good to know . God , I could never be best friend with someone that hot . simon yup . every day be a struggle . 70 . lyle uh , I think the creekwood Grizzly bear want to talk to you . lyle point to the edge of the field where the creekwood grizzly bear mascot be beckone to Simon . Simon go over to the bear , confuse . creekwood grizzly bear dude . it 's I . Simon look into the mouth of the bear , where he can see behind some gauzy black fabric ... Martin . simon you be the creekwood Grizzly bear ? actually , that make total sense . martin thank you . simon not a compliment . martin I see you come in with Abby . have she say anything about I since waffle House ? simon she have fun . martin I know we have a breakthrough ! Simon be not in the mood for Martin 's bullshit right now . simon I gotta go , Martin . martin wait ! I need to build on this momentum fast . what do I do ? simon I be sure you will figure something out . martin no , I will not figure something out . that 's what you be for , to help I figure it out -- 71 . maybe it 's what just happen with lyle . maybe it 's feel like shit about what he 's do to Nick and Abby . but Simon snap : simon I do not know what to tell you , Martin ! I guess if I be a heterosexual guy who like a girl , I have shout it from the rooftop . because I could . so maybe it 's time to tell she you like she . go big or go home . Simon take off , leave Martin consider he word . he find Abby , struggle to carry they burger and teas . Simon take the cup . ABBY ( be : lyle ) eh? simon Nah . ABBY aww . at least we can die alone together . she put she arm around Simon and they head to find seat . ext . creekwood high school - football bleacher - later Simon and Abby sit in the pack stand , digging into they burger and wait for the game to start . Nick and leah approach , fresh from they date . they be both dress a little nicer than usual . Nick glance at Abby , uncomfortable . leah look nervous as hell . nick hey , guy . simon hey . Nick and leah sit down next to they , hard to read . Simon try to break the silence . simon ( cont ‘d ) uh , how be dinner ? 72 . nick ( force ) it be cool . leah mhmm . we get soup dumpling . another load silence . we gang have never be so awkward together . finally : ABBY ( to leah ) I like you dress . leah oh , thanks -- nick ( bitter , to Abby ) I bet you would like it even better if it have a pun on it . ABBY what 's that suppose to mean ? Nick shrug , and put he arm around leah . she 's super uncomfortable , weird out by Nick and Abby 's charge dynamic . Simon cringe . this be a disaster . announcer ( v.0 . ) and now , everyone please rise for the national anthem . Taylor walk onto the field with a microphone . simon I be sure this will be a subtle and tasteful rendition . taylor {crazy vibrato ) oooc-ocohhh say -- Taylor stop sing when she notice Martin rush the field in he Grizzly bear costume . he reach for she microphone . as they struggle over the mic : taylor ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you do ? martin I need the mic . 73 . he yank the mic away from she . everyone stare at they , rapt . Martin take off he bear head . simon ( under he breath ) oh no . martin sorry to interrupt , but I have something to say that 's a little more important than we national anthem . no offense , America . Martin wait for a laugh that never come . he clear he throat and find Abby in the audience . martin ( cont ’d ) Abby , when you come to creekwood High School three and a half short month ago , you do not just transfer into a new school . you transfer into my heart . as he talk , he walk up into the bleacher , approach she . martin ( cont ’d ) whether it 's be you partner in pong or you waffle House warrior ... everyone look confuse . this be not the easiest declaration of love to follow . martin ( cont ’d ) I have really love get to know you this semester . {deep breath ) and I know you be a beautiful , smart , perfect woman , and I be just a sweaty schlub in a bear suit . but like ol 's bogie say , it 's a crazy , mix - up world . by now Martin be stand right in front of Abby . martin ( cont 'd ) so ? what do you say ? would you want to go out sometime ? ABBY oh . um ... Abby take Martin 's microphone and switch it off . Martin shuffles uncomfortably . he can tell this be not go well . 74 . jock a few rows back she 's too hot for you , Martin ! jock buddy Way out of you league , buddy ! people around the jock laugh . ABBY shut up , Lucas ! ( then , to Martin ) I -- I just do not feel that way about you . nick ( surprised , blurt out ) you do not ? Abby shoot he a weird look . Nick look at Simon like , '' you toid I she like he . '' Simon shrug . ABBY ( to Martin ) I be really sorry . I hope we can still be friend . Martin be devastate . he take a deep breath , wipe he sweaty hair out of he eye . then : martin sure . do not worry about it . he turn the mic back on and force a manic : martin ( cont 'd ) and now back to Taylor with we regular schedule anthem ! he stumble awkwardly back down to the field . he almost trip over a stray hotdog . Abby pick up Martin 's bear head . ABBY ( feel terrible ) Martin , do not forget you ... head . he grab it , put it on , and abruptly re-assume chipper mascot mode , dance back down to the field . Nick whisper to Simon : nick you say she like he . 75 . simon I think she do . ABBY ( stricken ) that be horrible . lear ( gently ) De not worry . people will have forget about it by the time we be back from Christmas break . Simon watch Martin go , hope leah be right ... int . simon 's bedroom - niget Simon sit at he desk , call Martin and watch a mute video someone have post to the creeksecrets tumblr of Martin ' 's big speech under the headline grizzly grovel for love . Simon grimace , feel bad for Martin in spite of himself . martin ( on phone ) you have reach Martin , leave I a message . {bad jokey message ) oh no you do not , mother -- beeeeep . simon Martin , it 's Simon . I be sorry about tonight . call I , okay ? Simon hang up , worried about Martin . nora ( 0.8 . ) she 's here ! int . simon 's house - entryway - moment later everyone excitedly greet Alice , home from college for Christmas break . DENISE you be suppose to gain the freshman fifteen , not lose the freshman twenty ! alice you be literally insane . 76 . jack she look fat to I . DENISE that 's not funny , Jack ! simon I think you lock the exact same weight . but a foot short . alice I miss you , bub . Simon and Alice hug . everything seem a little better to Simon with Alice around . int . simon 's live room - later Jack pass out mull cider for the family as Alice tell they all about college . alice I mean , I get be comfortable with you body but my reommate be always naked ... Alice fade into the background as Simon check he phone : new e-mail from Blue . he step away to read it and we ... CUT to : int . blue 's bedroom - night ( simon 's fantasy ) Blue write a e-mail as he pack a duffel bag . we be back to anonymous Blue , shot so we never see he face . blue ( v.0 . ) I be drink eggnog and pack to go to my dad 's cabin on Lake rabun . I be pretty sure there 's a photo of it on the Wikipedia page for '' middle of nowhere . '' int . simon 's room - night Simon pause . something about this sound familiar . the wheel in he head begin to turn ... flashback to : int . creekwood high school - auditorium - day ( flashback ) Cal tell the Oliver cast : 77 . cal I be go to a unheate vacation house basically in the middie of nowhere . back to : int . simon ‘s room - night Simon connect the dot . could Cal be Blue ? simon Holy shit . he start imagine ... cut to : ext . lake rabun cabin - day ( simon 's fantasy ) Cal and he dad ( the same guy as lyle 's Father ) pull up to a very rustic cabin on a beautiful Georgia lake . cal ( ¥.0 . ) there 's barely electricity and definitely no cell service , so this will be my last e-mail for a while . ext . lake rabun - day ( simon 's fantasy ) Cal and he dad be bundle up on a boat , fishing . cal ( v.0 . ) it should be a real rite of passage though : a dad and he gay son pretend they like fishing and try to find thing to talk about for two week . Cal 's dad look like he 's about to say something , then reconsider , and take a sip of beer . int . cal 's bedroom - night ( simon 's fantasy ) Cal continue to pack . cal ( v.0 . ) she and him 's cover of '' have yourself a merry Little Christmas '' just come on spotify . I know I should think it 's too twee , but I kind of love it . do not judge I . and have yourself a merry little Christmas , Jacques . ( more ) 78 . cal ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) do not judge I for that lame segue either . God , it 's go to be a excruciate two week without you . Love , Blue . int . simon 's live room —- night Simon finish the e-mail . she and him 's '' have yourself a merry Little Christmas '' kick in and the song carry we into a sequence . int . grocery store - day Simon and he entire family pile a cart full of they favorite holiday food . they pass the candy aisle where Simon see Cal put a pack of reesex cup into he basket . he smile at Simon . but then suddenly , he 's go . just Simon 's imagination . int . simon 's dine room — night denise serve everyone french toast for dinner , a spier family tradition . Simon look past he family to a sprig of mistletoe hang above a doorway . he imagine cal stand beneath it . Cal gesture at the mistletoe , like should we kiss ? int . simon 's live room - night Simon and he family watch Love actually . Jack and denise snuggle on the couch . nora and Alice be sprawle out on the floor . suddenly , a arm wrap itself around Simon . he look over to find Cal curl up next to he . Cal put he head on Simon 's shoulder . Alice playfully toss a pillow at they . denise offer Cal a glass of cider . everything be perfect . Simon reach for a cookie on the coffee table , and when he sit back , cal be gone . int . simon 's room - night simon be wrapping present . there 's a knock on he door . nora ( 0.s. ) Simon ? Simon throw a towel over the present . 79 . simon come in . nora enter with she iPad . she sit on the edge of Simon 's bed and bring she knee to she chest like a little kid . simon ( cont ’d ) well ? what do you want ? nora I need to show you something . nora turn she laptop around . the creeksecret tumblr page be already open . Simon 's face go white : because there 's a new entry : simon spier 's OPEN invitation to all dude . Martin 's screenshot of Simon and Blue 's e-mail , accompany by a short post . as Simon read ... CUT to : int . martin 's bedroom - night ( simon 's fantasy ) a vindictive Martin speak directly to camera . martin { v.0 . ) dear all dude of creekwood , with this missive , I hereby declare that I be supremely gay and open for business . interested party may contact I directly to discuss arrangement for anal butt sex . strong resemblance to jon snow prefer . lady need not apply . homosexually yours , Simon spier . back to : int . simon 's room — night Simon sit freeze in place . nora stare at he intently . simon oh my god . nora I already report it . they 's 1ll take it down . simon everyone have already see it though . {then} it 's true . I be gay - 80 . nora be stunne . but she try not to make a big deal of it . nora oh. ( then ) so what be you gonna do now ? simon I do not know . nora you could deny it -- simon I be not go to deny it . I be not ashamed - — nora well , you have not say anything until now , so -- simon ( snap ) so what ? what the hell be you talk about ? nora 's face crumple into tear . Simon realize she 's completely overwhelm . simon ( cont 'd ) nora , I -- nora it 's not my fault ! she hurry out in tear . Simon feel bad but he have bigger thing to worry about . he go to he computer in a total panic . he furiously type a e-mail to Blue : simon ( v.0 . ) I know you be go off the grid and you probably will not see this until you be back , but something 's happen . you be go to find out who I be . but please do not freak out and stop write to I . please , Blue . as soon as you get this , I need you to promise I you will not disappear . Simon hit send , close to hyperventilate . 81. his phone buzy . then buzy again . he check it - text from he friend : Abby : be you okay ? leah : can you call I ? Nick : hey dude . wanna go for a walk ? Abby : Simon , please call I . I love you . Simon turn off he phone , unable to deal . he turn off the light , crawl under he bed cover , put a pillow over he face , and scream . int . spier live room - morning Christmas morning . the whole family sit around the tree , open present in pajamas . nora and Simon avoid each other 's eye . simon ( open a gift ) a Kindle case ? but I do not even have - — jack open the next one , sherlock . Simon open the next one , revealing a brand new kindle . he stare at it for a long time . DENISE um , if you do not like it , you can return it . but since you already have every other device -- simon ( quietly ) no. I love it . alice be you okay ? nora give Simon a supportive smile . simon actually , I want to talk to you guy about something . denise lean in , realize something 's up . 82 . DENISE what be it ? but Simon can not find the word . jack lemme guess . you get someone pregnant . no , you be gay . no , you be pregnant . nora dad , stop it . simon ( quietly ) yeah , I be pregnant . jack I know it ! what no I tell you , he 's get the glow . nobody laugh . Simon look like he really want to run out of the room and throw up , but he force himself to continue . simon no . I be not pregnant . ( deep breath , then ) I be gay . a beat as everyone take in he word . denise reach out to take Simon 's hand . DENISE oh , honey . Simon stare into he mother 's eye . his voice be shaking . simon do not worry , I be still I . DENISE what ? of course you be . Simon nod , unsure . Alice put she arm around Simon 's leg from she spot on the floor . alice good for you , bub . everyone turn to Jack , wait for he to say something . 83 . jack Gay , huh ? ( then , force brightness ) so which one of they do it ? Alice look like she 's go to kill she father . simon do what ? jack which one of you old girlfriend turn you off woman ? be it the one with the eyebrow or the overbite ? DENISE nora Jack -- jesus CHRIS , dad ! can you ever just shut the hell up !? everyone turn to nora , stunne . Simon sigh , exhaust . ext . simon 's backyard -— later in the far reach of the yard , Simon lay in a hammock with bieber the dog . he listen to music and stare up at the cloud . he check he e-mail : nothing from Blue . Alice approach . simon ( groan ) no , go away . alice no. ( then , hold up oreos ) I have eggnog oreos . they be disgusting . I have have fifteen . Simon do not say anything . but he do take out he earbud . Alice climb into the hammock . simon just do not tell mom I be out here . they be quiet for a moment . finally : alice I have a boyfriend . this actually manage to snap Simon out of he daze . simon what ? 84 , alice his name 's theo . he 's a junior majore in classical guitar . and he have this weird facial hair on he chin that I should totally hate but I inexplicably find cute . simon oh , god . like a soul patch ? alice ughh , yeah . it 's the worst . I love it . simon what 's happen right now ? you hate talk about you personal life . alice I know . but I figure if you have the gut to admit you be gay ... simon you should have the gut to admit you be straight . alice you be funny . simon I try . they lie next to each other in silence . it 's the least excruciate moment of Simon 's day . he eat a cookie . simon ( cont 'd ) yeah , this be awful . alice I know . they both reach for another . denise call out from inside : DENISE ( 0.s. ) Simon , Nick 's here ! Simon look nervous . Alice give he a encourage arm squeeze . ext . simon 's front porch - day Simon step outside to find Nick pace back and forth . he immediately , nervously launch into a pre-rehearse speech : 85 . nick hey . you be not answer any of we text and we be worried about you . and since I be the only one of you best friend lame enough to be spend the holiday stick in Shady Creek , we decide I should come check in . I have no idea if that post be true , but if it be -- simon it be . nick wow . okay . do you want to talk about it ? simon not really . nick cool. cool . what should we talk about ? simon I do not know . they stand in silence for a moment . finally : nick oh . so , leah and I shut it down before she leave for she grandparent . you be dead wrong about we . Zero chemistry . Simon cringe , worried for leah . simon oh. sorry . be she ckay ? nick yeah , of course . it be totally mutual . Simon nod , unsure whether to believe he . after another nick ( cont ’d ) ( then , remember ) oh , here . I get you this . for Christmas . 86 . he hand Simon a t-shirt . Simon unfold it , to reveal it say world 's greatest friend , in the style of the worldn greatest dad tee Nick be wear before . nick ( cont 's D} ( proud ) this one I actually buy . simon you be such a nerd . but Simon 's 's clearly very touch . nick yup . wanna go for a drive ? simon actually , I kind of just want to be alone . nick Nah , let 's go for a drive . simon Nick - but Nick 's already bound towards he car . Simon sigh and follow after he . int . nick 's mom 's prius / atlanta highway - night Nick and Simon joyride down the highway , sing / scream along to rihanna . nick he say I haffi- simon work , work , work , work , work , work ! nick he see I do I - simon dirt , dirt , dirt , dirt , dirt , dirt ! Simon can not help but grin as the tension of the past couple of day start to melt away . int . / ext . prius / the atlanta eagle - late afternoon Nick park on a Midtown Atlanta street . Simon be confuse . 87 . simon where be we go ? Simon follow Nick 's gaze out the window and realize they be park outside of a dive bar with a rainbow flag above its entrance . Simon turn back to Nick , see the guilty look on he face and realize : simon ( cont ’d ) you be insane . no way . nick come on . this place have great review on Yelp . they be know for they rib ! Simon stare at the bar . he be curious . simon okay . but how be we get in ? nick I do not see anyone check id ... int . the atlanta eagle - night Nick and Simon enter a dimly light space with motorcycle theme decor . a crowd of older , stocky dude wear lot of leather drink and dance . this be definitely not Simon 's scene . Simon watch two guy he dad 's age aggressively making out in a dark corner . nick uh , should we try the rib ? simon ( terrify ) I guess . a hairy guy in a leather vest notice Simon 's discomfort . hairy guy you might want to try Joe 's . simon let 's try Joe 's . 88. int . joe' on juniper - night another gay bar / restaurant with a young crowd - lot of attractive college - age kid , a dj spin calvin Harris . Simon and Nick sit at a table eat fries . nick I think that guy be check I out . simon you have say that about every single guy . nick I can not help it . the gay love I . cute guy ( 0.8 . ) Alex ? Simon spin around to come face to face with a boyish cute guy with cool hair and skinny jeans . simon I be not -— cute guy you be not Alex . sorry , you have Alex hair . simon {nervous ) be that , um , a good thing ? cute guy it 's literally the only good thing about Alex . do you want to dance ? Simon hesitates . Nick be grin like a idiot , beyond excited by how well this be go . nick yes . yes , he do . Simon 's head be explode with excitement and nerve . he 's in a public place and a attractive guy be hit on he . the cute guy take Simon 's hand and lead he out to the dance floor . they awkwardly dance for a moment , before the cute guy turn to a pass waiter . 89 . cute guy two shot of patron please . simon ( nervous ) oh , actually - the waiter eye Simon skeptically . waiter I be gonna need to see some id . off Simon , at a loss ... ext . joe' on juniper - night Simon and Nick be escort out of the bar by a security guy . Nick feel awful . nick I be really sorry , man . I drag you all the way out here so you could get humiliate in front of the first guy who ever ask you to dance . please do not let this traumatize you - Simon throw he arm around Nick , exhilated by they disastrous night and incredibly grateful for he friendship . simon thank you . I love you , man . ( then ) no homo . Nick and Simon burst out laugh . int . simon 's room - day Simon sit at he computer , write to Blue : simon { v.0 . ) dear Blue , happy New Year 's Eve . I have not hear from you , so I be go to assume slash pray it 's because you have no service , and not that you have decide it 's too risky to keep e-mail you innermost feeling to a guy who do not know how to log out of gmail . {deep breath , then ) ( more ) 90 . simon ( v.0.} ( cont 'd ) I come out to my entire family on Christmas . and now , everything be different . cur to : int . / ext . simon 's car / waffle house - day ( simon 's fantasy ) Simon pull up to the window to get he order . simon ( v.0 . ) it 's not like my life have become one big pride parade . simon I get the iced coffee . waffle house guy yeah you do , boy ! waffle house guy hit play on a boombox and it blast Lady gaga 's '' bear this Way '' . waffle House guy throw a bunch of rainbow confetti in Simon 's face . then put a pair of rainbow sunglass on he . Simon spit some of the confetti out of he mouth . back to reality : int . / ext . simon 's car / waffle house drive thru — day ( plashback } Simon pull up to get he order . simon I get the iced coffee . waffle house guy ( hand he coffee , bored ) have a waffle-icious day . Simon drive away . simon { v.0 . ) it 's the little thing . int . simon 's house - day ( flashback ) simon ( v.0 . ) like the way my mom watch I . 91 . Simon and he entire family wear happy new year hat and watch Anderson Cooper host a New Year 's Eve celebration on television . he realize he mom be staring at he . she guickly look back at the television when Simon catch she . simon ( ¥.0 . ) or the awkward physical affection my dad have start to exhibit for the first time ever . Jack reach out and make the bizarre choice to pat Simon on the cheek . back to present : int . simon 's room - day Simon continue he e-mail at he desk . simon ( v.0 . ) do not get I wrong , there be good part too . my friend even take I to my first gay bar . it be terrible and great at the same time . int . simon 's bedroom - night a pajama have Simon pack he bag for school the next day . simon ( v.0 . ) but change be exhaust . and I feel like there 's nowhere to hide from all the new - ness of everything . except here . with you . Simon set he alarm and climb into bed . simon ( v.0 . ) please write to I . as soon as you get even one bar of service . Love , Jacques . Simon click out the light . int . simon 's bedroom ~ morning Simon 's alarm wake he up . it 's 7:00 am . he immediately check he e-mail . nothing new from blue. 92 . int . simon' bathroom —- morning Simon get ready for he first day of school as a out gay kid . quick cut as he try on a bunch of different T - shirt , then one tight tank top . he look at he reflection like , what be I do ? int . simon 's kitchen - day Simon cross through , wear a typical hoodie . he 's visibly nervous . DENISE Si , have some breakfast . Simon make a beeline for the door . simon I really can not eat right now -- DENISE wait . denise turn on what be clearly she '' therapist voice . '' DENISE ( cont ’d ) this be go to be a time of real exploration for you . sexual and emotional feeling you nve be repress for a long time be go to come to the -- simon ( pain ) Mom . denise realize Simon do not need a therapist right now . and frankly , she do not feel like be one . DENISE sorry . ( then ) have I ever tell you about you first day of pre-school ? simon Mom - — DENISE I be so nervous you be gonna fall apart when we drop you off . you love be home with you baby sister so much . ( more ) 93 . DENISE ( cont 'd ) and you have never be without I or dad for more than a couple hour . ( beat , then ) but we walk in and you take in all the kid play and you proclaim , '' hello everybody . I be Simon spier and I be here ! '' and that 's when I realize , my son be brave . Simon can not meet she eye . he 's not feel very brave . denise 's voice be fill with defiant emotion : DENISE ( cont 'd ) so today , you go in there , and you remember you be Simon spier . and you say , '' hello everyone . I be here . '' Simon and denise share a emotional look . then : DENISE ( cont 'd ) ( try to lighten the mood ) but do not actually say that . that have be weird . Simon force a smile and leave . we hang on denise , she smile fade . she could not look more worried for she son . int . / ext . simon 's car / shady creek street - morning Simon pull up in front of Nick 's house . he 's surprised to see Abby , Nick , and leah stand on Nick 's front porch . Simon get out of the car ... ext . nick's house - day - continuous .-. and approach he friend . simon hey , guy . sorry I have be mia . thanks for all the text . ( be : nick} and for send the friendship ambassador over to check in . Simon smile at they . to he surprise , nobody smile back . Nick clear he throat . nick Simon , we need to talk . 94 , Simon realize that leah look very emotional . and Abby look very angry . nick ( cont 'd ) Abby and I hook up on New Year 's Eve . and now we be like , together . simon {nervous} wow . that 's awesome . nick yeah . it be . but then we get to talk about why it take we so long . Simon go white . he know where this be go and he try to get ahead of it . simon you guy --— nick why do tell Abby I have a ex - girlfriend who I cheat on ? ABBY and why do you tell Nick I hook up with a ton of jack black guy at my old school ? they stare at he , really hope he have a great answer . Simon take a deep breath . he attempt to explain himself . simon Martin 's the one who write on the creeksecret post about I . he screenshott that e-mail and he 's be use they to blackmail I for month . Nick , leah , and Abby look horrify . but then ... nick what do that have to do with we ? simon ( pain ) he say if I do not help he get with Abby , he have out I . so I have to ... keep you guy apart . Nick and Abby absorb this ... ABBY so you make up a bunch of lie ? nick ( realize ) oh my god . that 's why you convinced I to go out with leah ? to keep I away from Abby ? it take all of Simon 's effort to look at leah . back , overcome with sadness and hurt . ABBY ( slowly understanding ) so we run line at waffle House ? and beer pong at bram 's party ? all of that be you try to pawn I off on Martin ? Simon nod , beyond embarrassed . Abby be livid . ABBY ( cont 's D} I be not a piece of meat , Simon . simon I know . I be sorry . ABBY I would never do anything like that to you . I would never try and stop you from be happy . simon I know . a horrible , quiet moment . then : nick we be gonna be late for school . I ’l1l drive . 95 . she look Nick take Abby 's hand and they head towards he car . leah hang back a moment , like she want to say something to Simon . simon leah , please . you have to understand ... she shake she head and follow Nick and Abby . after they , devastate . Simon stare 96 . int . creekwood high school - lobby - day Simon enter school , brace himself for what 's next in this shitty day . he come face to face with ... life as usual . student get book out of they locker , hurry to class . no one really look twice at he . maybe this will not be so bad after all . and then Mr. Worth pass by and point to a rainbow flag pin on he lapel . mr. worth ( in solidarity ) I get you , buddy . tolerance : it 's what 's for dinner . Simon look uncomfortable . and we begin a sequence as Simon experience he first day as a openly gay student . int . creekwood high school - math CLASS — day Simon sit in class . he notice Martin stare at he from he desk . as soon as Simon catch Martin 's eye , Martin look away , ashamed . int . creekwood high school - hallway - day a senior girl who have never speak to Simon corner he . senior girl we need to be best friend . first thing first : I be get a haircut tomorrow and I be think bang . please weigh in . Simon just stare at she , clueless . int . creekwood high school - boy' room - day Simon wash he hand . a pimply face kid wash he hand at the next sink . pimply face kid can you pass a paper towel ? Simon hand he a towel . they hand briefly touch . pimply face kid ( cont ’d ) I be straight . int . creekwocod high school - gym - day a stoner come up to Simon during volleyball . 97 . stoner my second cousin be tran . Simon do not know what to do with this information . simon cool ? stoner pre-op . simon thanks for let I know . int . creekwood high school - math CLASS —- day the math teacher drone on . a gossipy girl lean over and whisper to Simon : gossipy girl so , be you a top or a bottom ? Simon just stare at she , quietly furious . ext . creekwood high -— courtyard - day Simon eat lunch alone on a bench . a freshman dude come up to he . freshman dude be it because you do not like the way pussy smell ? I do not either . but that do not make I gay , right ? Simon stare at he , annoyed . the dude take he silence to mean '' yes , you be gay . '' freshman dude ( cont ’d ) ( panic ) actually , I do like the way it smell . int . creekwood high - gym - day Simon play volleyball . the stoner re-approach he . stoner I forget to tell you that my cousin start hormone . simon I do not care , Evan ! I do not know you cousin ! 98 . int . creekwood high - hallway - day the senior girl ramble on to Simon . senior girl Jennifer lawrence pull off that leok , but she have a really symmetrical face , and my leave eye be actually bigger than my right . maybe just highlight ? off Simon ... int . creekwood high school - auditorium - later we be mid-dress rehearsal . the cast perform '' I would do anything '' , actually nail the choreography . Cal and Ms. albright excitedly watch from the front row . as Simon dance onstage , he can not help but stare at Cal , search for any sign that he 's Blue . but Cal 's focus on the performance , impossible to read . martin ( sing as fagin ) would you rob a shop ? ensemble anything ! martin would you risk the - ~- suddenly , Martin stop sing . everyone follow he gaze to the back of the auditorium , where two idiot jock have enter . one be dress in a shaggy wig and grey hoodie , just like Simon . the other be wear he football jersey . idiot jock in jersey this one 's for you , spier ! he hit a button on he jambox and Ice cube 's you can do it play : '' you can do it put you back into it ! TI can do it put you ass into it ! '' the jock dress as Simon get down on he hand and knee , and the jock in the jersey start humping he butt , simulate anal sex . idiot jock in jersey ( cont ’d ) you like that big dick , do not you spier ? 99 . idiot dressed as simon oh , yeah ! give it to I , big boy ! Simon likey ! Simon stare at they , stone - face . this all seem unreal . he notice Abby 's eye be lock on the jock , burn with rage . but she refuse to make eye contact with Simon . suddenly , Taylor charge down the aisle towards the guy . taylor get out of here you ignorant piece of - idiot jock in jersey oh , shiiiit ! the two guy run out of the auditorium , Taylor in hot pursuit . there 's muffle shouting from the hallway . Ms. albright race after they , call back to the cast : ms . albright I will be right back . everyone sink to the ground , shell - shocked . Martin cover he face with he hand . Ms. albright return with a still - fume Taylor . Simon remain stiff with shock and discomfort . ms . albright ( cont ’d ) I be sorry you guy have to see that . today 's rehearsal be cancel . everyone slowly get up and head out . Cal give Simon a sad smile as he pass . but it 's impossible to tell if he 's Blue or if he 's just be supportive . after a moment , Simon turn to Taylor : simon um , thanks . and I be sorry . about miss a rehearsal . I know how much this mean to you . Taylor stare at he , surprised . taylor it 's just a play , Simon . ( then ) fuck that guy . he nod , surprised by this other side of Taylor . as Abby pass Simon , she give he a stoic : 100 . ABBY I be sorry . that be mess up . but do not stop walk . Ms. albright approach Simon . ms . albright be you okay ? simon ( mortify ) yes . I be sorry . ms . albright do not you dare be sorry . none of this be you fault . that asshole be get suspend . I will make it my hill to die on . Simon stare at she , amaze by she candor . he realize she 's do she best to stay calm , but be absolutely furious . which make he feel a little better . then , Mr. Worth storm in with the two idiot jock in tow . the color drain from Simon 's face . mr . worth Simon , Devon and Carl have something to say to you . simon no . that 's okay -- mr . worth no , it 's not okay . boy ? idiot jock in jersey idiot dressed as simon sorry . my bad . mr . worth ( cont 'd ) at creekwood High we believe in tolerance . which mean , we respect Simon 's choice to love another man . as Mr. Worth drone on , the jock can barely contain they snicker . off Simon , completely humiliate ... ext . creekwood high school - night Simon approach he car to find Martin stand there . he be the last person Simon want to see . martin hey , can we talk ? 101 . all Simon want be to get as far away from creekwood High as possible . simon I do not have anything to say to you . Simon reach for the car door , but Martin be in the way . simon ( cont 'd ) Martin - ~ martin I just want to say that I be sorry . I do not know that would - I do not think people still do shit like that . Simon stare at Martin , stone - face . martin ( cont ' D ) I be piss off about Abby and I be not think . I do not think it would be a big thing . Martin struggle to collect he thought . martin ( cont ’d ) the whole thing with my brother ... ever since he come out , my parent have turn we house into a gay utopia . but Carter 's in college , he 's not even home . we march in the pride parade this year and he be not even there . it be my idea . when I tell Carter about it , he be like , '' um , okay , cool . '' like it be a little much . I feel like a total asshole . it do not matter . will you please say something ? Simon close he eye for a moment . finally : simon I do not care about you brother , Martin . or how he come out make you feel . ( shaking with rage ) and I do not care if youn do not think my come out would be '' a big thing . '' you do not get to decide that . I be suppose to decide when and where and who know and how I want to say it . 102 . Simon 's voice crack . he shake away the emotion , refuse to let Martin see he break down . simon ( cont 'd ) can you please just move away from my car and leave I the fuck alone ? a devastate Martin walk off inte the night . Simon get in he car , lock the door , and punch he steering wheel with rage . int . simon 's room — night Simon be pull on he pajamas , totally exhaust from the day , when he computer bing . he race over and check he e- mail - Blue ! Simon nervously open the message and begin to read : cal ( v.0 . ) you be right . I know who you be . curt to : int . creekwood high - auditorium - day ( simon 's fantasy ) Cal stand center stage , stare straight into camera . cal Jacques a dit , right ? CUT to : ext . paris - luxembourg park - day ( flashback ) eight-year-old simon and he family be on a parisian vacation . the frame photo in Simon 's room that inspire he pseudonym '' Jacques '' be take on this trip . a group of french kide play '' Jacques a dit '' in the park . DENISE Jacques a dit be what they cali Simon say in french . just like you , kiddo . off Young Simon ... back to : int . simon 's room - night Simon stand there read the e-mail . 103 . cal ( v.0 . ) I be sorry , Simon . I can not do this anymore . I be so sorry . Simon stare at he computer in daze shock . he hurriedly write back : simon ( v.0 . ) please , Blue . you can not leave I alone . everything 's fall apart . and hit send . a beat , then he computer bing again with a response from mailer daemon . automate voice ( v.0 . ) Delivery to the recipient bluegreenl18@gmail.com fail permanently . Blue delete the account . Simon stare at the word '' permanently '' for a beat , as he realize Blue shut down the account . then , he slam he computer shut . he notice the world 's greatest friend t-shirt Nick give he , strewn on a chair . and it 's all just too much . he pick up the shirt , bury he head in it , and begin to sob . int . creekwood high school - locker Cal be put book in he locker . Simon walk up to he . he 's bleary eye , clearly have be up most of the night . simon hey . cal hey , what 's up ? Simon take a deep breath . then , in a shaky voice : simon be it you ? cal ( confuse ) be what I ? Simon stare at he for a long beat . then : 104 . simon ( barely audible ) Blue ? Cal look uncomfortable . cal Simon , be you okay ? I know you have have a crazy couple day . do you wanna talk about it ? I can skip bio , I be fail anyway . Cal give he a friendly smile . Simon stare at he . it 's clear to he that Cal be not Blue after all . after a moment : simon no . it 's okay . I be okay . sorry to bother you . Simon hurry away , embarrassed . Elliott Smith kick in , come from the stereo of ... int . / ext . simon 's car / waffle house drive thru - day where Simon get a after school iced coffee for one . int . / ext . simon 's car / shady creek street - day Simon drive home alone , pass a field where worker be set up carnival ride , include a old ferris wheel . int . / ext . simon 's car / creekwood street - day Simon turn onto he street when he spot leah on she bike . he make a decision , roll down he window and slow down so he 's drive next to she . simon can we talk ? ( off she silence ) leah , please . I know what I do be mess up . I know you be in love with Nick and I - - lear stop it ! leah pull she bike over . Simon park , get out , approach . leah close she eye and lower she voice : leah ( cont ‘d ) you be insanely stupid , Simon . I be never in love with Nick . ( more ) 105 . leah ( cont ’d ) ( then ) I be in love with you . leah angrily brushes away tear . Simon stare at she , totally blindside . simon what ? but we be ... we . leah yeah , well . sorry . Simon do not know what to say . leah ( cont 'd ) I think you be into Abby . and then when you tell I I should go out with Nick , I realize you be never gonna see I that way . leah take a deep breath then press on : leah ( cont ’d ) I can deal with you be gay . {beat ) but you set I up to get my heart break when you think I be in love with Nick . and that make you cruel . Simon have never feel worse in he young life . simon leah , please . I be desperate . leah I know , you do not want anyone to know you be gay -- simon no , it be not just that . I fall in love with someone . the guy in the e-mail , I love he . and I know if Martin leak we e-mail it would scare he off . I have be so lonely for so long . and and with he , I do not feel lonely ... Simon trail off . leah soften , start to forgive Simon .. leah I be sorry . 106 . simon no , I be sorry . it 's not a excuse . you be my best friend . leah if I be you best friend , why do you come out to Abby and not I ? Simon consider . simon it be easier . I have know Abby for three month . I have know you for thirteen year . and I know that once I tell you , everything would be different . and I love thing the way they be . leah nod . this two can feel they friendship change before they very eye . and it hurt . but they know they need to try and embrace it . so : leah tell I about this guy you love . Simon hesitates . simon be you sure ? leah yeah . it 'il help I kill off hetero Simon in my mind . simon well , you do not have to kill he off -- leah he 's dead , si. hack he up with a mental machete as we speak . simon Fair enough . so , I call he Blue . leah force a smile . and we leave this two , try to adjust to they new normal ... int . / ext . jack 's car / shady creek street - night Jack and Simon drive home with thai food in uncomfortable silence . 107 . jack thanks for come with I to pick up the food . simon mhmm . jack if I get one more ticket for double parking outside wakdongmoonlek noodle , we can not afford to send you to college . Simon force a smile . it 's clearly still awkward between this two . Jack press on . jack ( cont ’d ) excite for the show tomorrow night ? simon uh huh . jack Mom and nora and I be really leok forward to it . ( beat , then ) you gonna go to the carnival after ? simon yup . jack ( force conversation ) I have always love the winter carnival . one of my favorite Shady Creek tradition . Simon nod . another awkward silence . then : jack ( cont ‘d ) so , that Sam Smith guy be pretty cool , huh ? Simon stare at he dad , worried about where this be go ... simon uh huh . jack I have actually be really into he tune lately . 108 . Jack hit the stereo and Sam Smith 's stay with I begin to play . Jack awkwardly bob along with it . simon dad , do you tee up a gay singer just to talk to I about be gay ? Jack sigh , frustrated with himself . he turn off the music . Simon notice he hand be tremble a little . jack ( quietly ) I be sorry , si. for ail the gay joke . simon it 's fine . jack ( firmly ) no . it 's not . Jack sound so angry and ashamed with himself . Simon realize how much he 's be beat himself up . jack ( cont ’d ) I be just go to put this out there , in case the message get lose somewhere . I love you . a lot. ( beat ) and I be really proud of you . simon ( be : proud ) why ? jack for come out on you term . you really take control of you destiny . Simon stare out the window . he could not possibly feel in less control of he destiny . Jack clear he throat . after a beat : jack ( cont 'd ) so , be there any special guy -— - Simon turn back on Sam Smith . Jack get the message . 109 . int . simon 's room - middle of the night Simon lie in bed , wide awake . he click on the light , go to he desk , navigate to the creeksecret tumblr . he grab a eggnog oreo from a nearby pack , click on new post , and begin to type . simon ( v.0 . ) dear student of creekwood High School , as anyone with a half - decent data plan already know , a recent post on this very website declare that I be gay . the delivery leave something to desire , but the message be true . I be . Gay . ext . creekwood high school - front step - the next morning student head into school , glue to they phone . everyone be read Simon 's post . simon ( v.0 . ) for a long time , I be bend over backwards to hide that fact . I have all this reason . it be unfair that only gay people have to come out . I be sick of change . but the truth be , I be terrify . int . creekwood high school - hallway - day Ms. albright read Simon 's post on she phone as a eager drama student hang a oliver : tonight ! banner . the Student check with Ms. albright for approval , but she 's totally focus on she phone . simon ( v.0 . ) announce who you be to the world be terrifying . because ... what if the world do not like you ? ext . creekwood high school - courtyard - day Nick and Abby read Simon 's post as they sip iced coffee on a bench . simon { v.0 . ) so , I do whatever I could to keep my secret . I hurt people . I hurt the best , most important people . I want they to know that I be sorry . ( more ) 110 . simon ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I be sorrier than I have ever be about anything in my life . int . creekwood high school - empty art CLASS - day leah have stop sketching a dress to read Simon 's post . simon ( v.0 . ) and I want everyone to know that from this point forward , I be do be terrify . leah smile , proud of Simon . int . / ext . simon 's car / creekwood high school - day Simon pull into a parking spot . he take a deep breath and get out of the car to face he school . int . creekwood high school - lobby - day Simon head to he locker . he 's meet with nod of recognition , a few pat on the back , a fist pound . he shyly accept it all , a little overwhelm by the attention . simon ( v.0 . ) I be do live in a world where I do not get to be who I be . ( beat ) and I be do live in a world where I do not get to have a great love story . int . creekwood high school - day nora stand at she locker , read the post on she phone . simon ( v.0 . ) disclaimer : this be about to get romantic as eff , so anyone averse the gratuitous feeling , kindly click over to a buzzfeed quiz or resume the porn you pause to read this . nora smile . Mr. Worth notice nora on she phone and beckon for it . she stare he down . he give she a '' never mind '' gesture and hurry away . nora send a e-mail on she phone ... 111. int . alice' bard dorm room - day Alice sit on she bed , eat oreos and study . her phone ding and she look at it . nora have forward she Simon 's post . she start to read . simon ( v.0 . ) this guy that I love once write that he feel like he be stick on a ferris wheel . on top of the world one minute , at rock bottom the next . that 's how I feel now . I could not ask for better friend . a more understanding family . but none of it mean anything if I can not share it with he . Alice 's soul patched boyfriend enter from the next room and sit down on the bed . she lean into he as she continue read . int . creekwcod high school - auditorium - later we be at the end of the Oliver performance . the entire company bow to a stand ovation . simon ( v.0 . ) so , guy I love , after the play tonight , at 10:00 , you know where I 'il be . Simon scan the crowd , look at all the high school guy in the audience , wonder if any of they be Blue . if he all ever find out who Blue be . simon ( ¥.0 . ) there 's no pressure for you to show up . dust because I can not wait a second longer to grand gesture the crap out of you do not mean you have to be ready for all that . int . creekwood high school - outside auditorium - later Simon receive flowers from he family after the show . nora give he a big hug , proud of he for he creeksecret post . Simon look around and see lot of straight couple congratulate each other and kissing . sure , he 's surround by people who love he , but he feel very much alone . 112 . simon ( v.0 . ) but I hope you be . because you deserve a great love story too . and I sure would like to meet you . int . simon 's bedroom - the night before Simon finish write he post . simon ( v.0 . ) sincerely , Simon spier . Simon post the same stock image of the ferris wheel from Blue 's original creeksecret post and hit send . int . creekwood high school - outside auditorium - present Nick and Abby approach Simon and he family . Simon be immediately uncomfortable . ABBY hey , spier . jack ( bad british accent ) great job , dodge . stay away from my wallet ! Abby force a laugh . nick Simon , do you need a ride to the carnival ? Simon stare at they , hopeful . Abby roll she eye and give he a smile like , '' we be fine . '' Simon throw he arm around they , very emotional . Jack and denise exchange a confuse look . DENISE he never do that when I offer he a ride . ext . winter carnival - night Simon , Nick , Abby , and leah walk through a bustling old - school carnival with rickety ride and candy apple and rig game . it seem like the whole town be there . Simon check he watch and give he friend a nod . it 's time . they hug he . and then , he take off on he own . 113 . ext . winter carnival ~ ferris wheel - night Simon board the ferris wheel , give the operator a handful of ride ticket . simon this should last a while . the ride start . a pair of creekwood girl notice Simon riding alone . creekwood girl oh my god , look . other creekwocd girl I bet he 's wait for the other gay kid . that 's romantic as shit . where 's dana , she will love this . off Simon , realize he 's be notice ... cut to : ext . winter carnival - ferris wheel - later a crowd of creekwood student have gather below the ferris wheel , wait to see if Simon 's significant other will show up . everyone we have meet from school be there : nora , Nick , Abby , leah , Taylor , bram , garrett , lyle . plus plenty of other . every now and then someone call out something like : supportive guy hang in there ! or : senior girl we love you , Simon ! Simon hate the attention . nora go into defensive sister mode , try to get rid of the crowd below . nora do not you people have anything better to do ? go get candy cotton and make out with each other . ABBY you hear the woman , move people ! but no one move . time cut as Simon continue to ride , realize that if Blue do not show up , he humiliation will now be quite public . 114 . happy couple get on and off the ride . whenever the ferris wheel stop , Simon look at the line hopefully . but no one join he in he car . ext . winter carnival — ferris wheel - later Simon check he watch - it 's 10:28 . he 's be at this for almost half a hour . the ride come to a stop . operator that be you last ride ticket , buddy . simon okay . Simon stand up when Martin race out of the crowd . martin ( to Operator ) one more . on I . Martin hand the Operator a five dollar bill , shoot Simon a quick look , and return to the crowd . everyone watch as the Operator load new passenger onto the ferris wheel , wait to see if Simon 's guy will show . nick oh , god . I can not watch . the Operator fill up the ride , then yell out : operator last cali for the ferris wheel ! the Operator go to close the rope and start the ride , when - guy voice ( 0.8 . ) wait ! Simon look up to see bram greenfield stand at he ferris wheel car . he look terrify . bram can I sit here ? simon uh , I be kind of wait for someone . bram sit next to Simon . the creekwood student watch hold they breath . 115 . bram I know . Simon be confuse . he stare at bram . then : simon it 's ... you ? bram it 's I . the Operator start up the ride . simon but at you party you be - — bram ( fwince ) sorry about that . I be drunk and confuse . it end like a minute after you see we - — simon ( gently ) it 's fine . ( then ) I do not think you have come . bram I neither . until I be walk towards you I do not think I have it in I . ( beat ) but you be right . I do deserve a great love story . ( then , suddenly vulnerable ) be you ... disappointed ? that it 's I ? Simon stare at bram . then , he lean over and kiss he . bram be shocked . but he give into it and kiss back . they moment be interrupt by whistling and catcall . they look below and realize the creekwood student be enthusiastically cheer for they . they both blush and cover they face , overcome with a mix of embarrassment and utter joy . Little secret , the song from we open , take we to ... 116 . int . simon 's room — morning Simon pull on he favorite hoodie , check he reflection in the mirror , grab a essay off the printer . int . simon ‘s kitchen —- morning Simon say goodbye to he family , grab a handful of delicious , homemade granola nora be set out , toss a few cluster to bieber . int . / ext . simon 's car / shady creek street - morning Simon pull up to Nick 's house . honk . Nick come out and get in front just as leah cross the street and get in the back . int . / ext . simon 's car / waffle house drive thru - morning waffle guy employee hand Simon five iced coffee . Simon hand two to Nick . we know one be for Abby . int . / ext . simon 's car / shady creek street - morning Simon , Nick , and leah pull up in front of a pretty ranch house . a new part of they morning routine . Nick automatically get out of the car and into the backseat with leah , just as ... bram come out of the house and get into the front seat . Simon hand bram he iced coffee and get a good morning kiss in return . Nick blow he straw wrapper at they . Simon grin . and we ... CUT to black .