moneyball written by Steven Zaillian &amp ; Aaron sorkin in black : there will always be people who be ahead of the curve , and people who be behind the curve . but knowledge move the curve . - Bill James 1 int . oakland coliseum - night 1 static shot : a desert locker room . empty shower . cinder - block tunnel light with wire - encase lamp like in a coal mine . three security guard watch a game on a tv . legend : October 15 , 2001 we begin to hear disembody cheer crowd and the faint voice of a announcer - brennaman v/ o ... nobody on , two and two to saenz - who have just three at bat in the series , and none of they hit - as he settles back in - 2 ext . oakland coliseum - night 2 at the end of a tunnel , the a 's empty dugout . the empty diamond . just a couple of the floodlight be on . brennaman v/ o - rivera look in for the sign , he have it , the pitch , saenz swing and - the announcer 's voice and excited crowd abruptly cut off . in silence , we regard the 60,000 empty seat that wrap around the play field ... but then see that , in fact , it 's 59,999 empty seat . there 's a lone figure seat in one of they . the sound snap back on : steve lyon V / o - a ground out to second , thom , be not what the a 's be look for from saenz - down by two in the ninth - the lone man in the stadium have a radio and a bag of peanut . he seem at peace as he look down on the empty diamond - a peace only slightly bely , perhaps , by the baseball he absently turn in a hand . he switch the radio back on - brennaman v/ o Eric byrne have emerge from the dugout to bat for menechino - 2 . 2 . he turn it off again . calmly eat a peanut . wait . switch the radio back on - brennaman v/ o - the a 's be down to they last strike and this yankee crowd be on its foot - rivera squint for the sign , he have it , deliver and - again , at the crucial moment , he cut the radio . wait just a few moment . turn the radio back on - brennaman v/ o it be bedlam in New York . the yankee - down two game to none - have come back to win three , and the division Series . the outcome of the series seem to have no effect on billy . he simply get up , switch off the radio , and climb the step to leave . but somehow we still faintly hear , as he come past shutter concession stand toward a exit , the voice of one of the announcer - steve lyon V / o this be a exceptional feat not only for New York , thom , but for oakland - though not the kind you can be proud of : only once before have a team lose a division Series after win the first two game - 3 int . oakland coliseum - night 3 it 's come from a small television a night security guard be watch . but when he see billy approach , he quickly shut it off . billy it 's okay , Joe , you can leave it on . it 's no big deal . security guard no , it 's okay , I do not need to watch it . the guard 's eye consider the baseball billy absently turn in he hand - billy how 's meg ? security guard she 's good , thanks . - and the glass window of the bar behind he - 3. 3. billy and the boy ? security guard they be good . everybody 's good . billy that 's good . the security guard wait for the baseball to sail through the glass , but it do not happen . billy night . security guard night , billy . it be a great season . 4 ext . coliseum - parking lot - moment later - night 4 a lone car sit in the parking lot in front of the coliseum . we hear - tara V / o they have three time you payroll , billy . billy yeah ... tara V / o you be not watch they celebrate , right ? car 's off . billy sit in the dark on he phone . billy no . that would be , uh -- tara V / o pointless ? self-destructive ? masochistic ? billy be you ask I to pick one ? tara V / o what you should be do be think about what a amazing job you do and how great you be . billy I will be honest , right this minute I be not think about either of that thing . 4. 4. tara V / o you take a team with that payroll to the playoff ? you take the yankee to a fifth game ? I be not even sure the better team win . billy they be down two - love and then beat we three in a row . trust I , the better team win . billy press a button on he portable radio and be hit with sound of sport talk radio -- caller V / o -- while embarrassing the entire city and make a mockery of they fan . I be sick of this . tara V / o let 's go away . billy that sound good . CUT to what billy be looking at this whole time - Three enormous loom likeness of the oakland a 's premiere player on floodlit banner -- Jason giambi , johnny damon , Jason isringhausen . tara V / o someplace they do not have a baseball team . billy how about oakland ? tara V / o okay , here be the rule for tonight . you can do anything you want but you can not give any quote to the press , go on the internet or hurt my car , we have a deal ? billy yeah . tara V / o they have three time you payroll , billy . from the radio we have be hearing shard of " -- a unprecedented choke - - " , " -- get rid of billy beane - - " , " -- billy beane know nothing about baseball - - " . 5 . 5 . billy yeah . tara V / o how about Hawaii ? I will make a reservation someplace . the place with the turtles . billy get out of the car . billy great . I be on my way . billy chuck the radio away . get back in the car , put it in gear . hard CUT to -- 5 int . oakland airport terminal - day 5 blur of shape and color as we move through a crush of traveler to a Hawaiian Airlines counter where billy and tara check luggage . billy 's get a cell phone to he ear . billy be it Boston ? you be talk to Boston ? what be they offer ? boras ( on phone ) what do it matter to you ? billy what ?! boras V / o I mean -- what do it matter since whatever it be you can not afford it . billy you do not know that . boras V / o I do not ? ticket clerk you need to hurry . billy I do not know that -- since I do not know what they be offer . ( to tara ) what do she say ? tara she say we have to hurry up . 6 . 6 . billy Scott ? Scott ? the call 's be disconnect . CUT to : another corridor , as billy and tara head toward security . billy on the phone with boras , continue where they leave off -- billy what do they offer ? boras V / o they offer seven and a quarter . billy just to be clear -- they offer seven and a quarter . boras V / o yes . billy as oppose to you say seven and a quarter and they be think about it . boras V / o no , they offer seven and a quarter and I be think about it . ( nothing from billy ) and you be think -- what . billy I be think I do not want to lose damon , but I do not pay my whole infield seven million dollar . tara we be lose damon ? boras V / o for seven and a half , billy , you can keep johnny damon and we can be do think . I have to go , my plane be board . billy wait , do not hang up . do not hang up -- billy drop the phone in a plastic container , step through the metal detector like it 's a stick - up , grab the phone again . tsa officer 1 be that phone still on ? billy what 's the difference ? 7. 7. tsa officer 1 faradie . can he phone be on ? tsa officer 2 Sir , you need to turn you phone off . billy it 's already through . billy grab he phone from the other side . billy Seven point five ? boras V / o Seven point five . billy I will talk to Steve . boras V / o talk to Steve . boras hang up . tara try to relax . billy ( hit speed dial on another number ) a small emergency be start to develop . tara try . try to relax . billy you look fantastic today . arn V / o hello ? billy arn. billy . we gotta talk about giambi . tara wait , we be lose giambi , too ? arn V / o I can not talk about that now . I can not talk about anything now . billy we can talk now . we be talk now . 8. 8. arn V / o we can not talk now . I be at a family thing . I will call you Monday . billy who be you talk to -- the yankee ? arn V / o I be talk to everybody . but not today . I be not in today . I be hang up . billy do not hang up . ( off phone ) he hang up . tara you find giambi . billy dial another number -- tara a thousand dollar say you do not get on the plane . secretary V / o arn tellem 's office . billy denise . billy . ( to tara ) this guy be auction off my team one player at a time . secretary V / o ( overlapping ) he 's not in today , billy . billy I know , I just want to send he flower . secretary V / o Flowers ? tara Flowers ? billy where would I send they ? secretary V / o to who ? billy to arn. 9 . 9 . secretary V / o you want to send he flower ? tara ( overlapping ) you be not go to be anywhere near Hawaii . billy to where he be now , yes . secretary V / o Beth Israel Temple , beverly Hills . tara the airport be as close as you get . billy ( into phone ) thank you , tara . secretary V / o denise . tara I be tara . billy I know . I need a day . tara billy -- billy one day . I will fly out tomorrow . tara it 's gonna be more than one day . ( pause ) we be lose isringhausen too ? billy only if my luck stay exactly the same . tara it 's like the bell ring but you be still get hit in the head . ( hand he ticket ) just in case . billy I be sorry . have fun out there . 10 . 10 . tara I be pick up a guy at the breakfast buffet . billy a left-handed reliever if you can . 6 omitted 6 7 int . sinai temple - brentwood - later - day 7 the ceremony be in progress as billy arrive , pluck a yarmulke from a basket , set it on he head and find a place in the back row for himself and he carry - on . he listen to the boy 's monotone - read of verse . he fidget . tap he foot . check he watch . turn to the person down the row and whisper -- billy how much longer you think ? guest what ? billy Nah , it 's okay . 8 int . temple lobby - later - day 8 as attendee exit the ceremony and enter the adjacent banquet hall , billy have cornere arn tellem , pick up right where he leave off three hour ago in oakland on the phone -- billy arn , I do not wanna lose he . arn billy -- billy I do not wanna lose he . arn this be my nephew 's bar mitzvah . billy he do well with he torah portion I think . arn thank you . 11 . 11 . billy what do they offer ? arn he 's not stay in oakland , billy . billy what do the yankee offer he ? arn it 's New York ; you have get to give a player a reason not to play there . billy what do they offer ? arn 17 million . billy no way . arn yeah . billy I do not pay my whole infield 17 million dollar . arn I know , I know ... billy for how long ? arn 17 a year for seven year . billy stare , completely nonpluss ... billy a hundred and twenty million dollar ? arn hundre and nineteen . ( beat ) you gotta get Steve to let you spend some money . billy that 's pretty good advice , I should do that . 12 . 12 . arn Steve do not get it . this be not a charity raffle . billy arn . I get it , he get it , Jason get it and you certainly get it . I will talk to he . arn and you be lose isringhausen , too . billy ya think ? arn I have gotta get back . billy hey mazel tov , arn . arn thank you . good luck . arn walk away . billy look to he right to see a 12 year old kid stand right next to he . kid be you billy beane ? billy yes . kid that be a pretty serious choke . billy be you from around here ? kid yeah . billy you a dodger fan ? kid yeah . billy hand the kid he scotch -- billy here , drink a lot of this . -- and walk away . 13 . 13 . 9 int . office - san bruno - later - day 9 billy try , but be have trouble sit still as he talk with Steve Schott - the a 's owner - around 60 - a college player way back when . he 's a successful home builder now . model of development lie around . billy we be lose damon and giambi . we can not survive lose damon and giambi . schott isringhausen 's go , too , do not you think ? billy I can win without a closer . I can not without power . schott so negotiate with they . billy I have . they want more . schott so offer they a little more . billy I have . they want more than a little more . schott like what . what will it cost - say - to keep giambi ? billy 17 . schott 17 for how many ( year ) - billy one . schott for one year ? billy nod . Steve smile . and billy know what it mean . it mean , that make it easy - there 's nothing more to discuss on the matter . schott I have confidence you will find a way to make it work without they . 14 . 14 . billy I can not . schott sure you can . billy steve - schott billy . what be we ? the Taj Mahal ? we be a small - market team . obviously , we can not afford giambi at such a ( price ) - billy Fine . he 's go . but I might - for a bit more than last year - be able to keep damon in ( oakland ) - ( Steve be shaking he head no ) I need more money , Steve . schott billy ... billy I can not compete against a hundred and twenty million dollar payroll with a forty million dollar payroll . schott we just win 102 game with a forty million dollar payroll . billy with giambi and damon . we would not have without they . silence . then - billy you can not ask I to be okay with lose . that 's too much to ask a professional athlete . schott billy -- billy it 's too much , Steve ! schott you be not a professional athlete ! ( beat ) you be a professional GM . ( more ) 15 . 15 . schott ( cont 'd ) we be a small market team . you be a small market GM . and I be ask you to be okay with not spend money I do not have . and I be ask you to take a breath and shake off the loss . and then I be ask you to get back in a room with you people and figure out how you be go to replace this guy with the money I do have . ( beat ) get it ? schott can go from milquetoast to ruthless in a blink and he just do . 10 int . billy truck - moving - later - day 10 billy 's on he cell again as he cross the Bay Bridge . billy scott. billy . boras V / o what be that beep ? billy it 's just my phone , it 's about to die , but this will be quick - listen - I be lose my favorite prospect , but I get you the seven point five . boras V / o that 's great . I will get right back to ( you ) - billy no . no , you will not . I get it for you and we be do . damon stay in oakland . boras V / o billy - I have to talk to johnny - obviously . it 's my fiduciary ( duty ) - billy whose number be that - seven point five . mine ? boras V / o no , it 's mine - billy it 's yours . so make you call , but do not play I , Scott . we have a deal . I will not be a stalking horse . the word stay in the - dictionary . 16 . 16 . 11 int . billy house - danville - later - day 11 the door push open and billy come in after he very long day . he set he carry - on bag down . take out he dead cell phone and plug it into a charge . call tara on the land line . billy sorry , hon . I be gonna need another day . tara ( v.o . ) take you time , do you thing . there be a lot of cute guy here . billy you have get my suitcase ? tara ( v.o . ) no , the airline send it to Prague . billy ( pause ) why ? tara ( v.o . ) well , we leave out of oakland , honey ... and I think the baggage handler know it be yours . billy ( beat , can this get any worse ? ) okay . billy 's cell phone ring -- billy I gotta take this . tara ( v.o . ) wish you be not insane . miss you . she hang up . billy hang up and switch to he cell -- billy yeah . boras ( v.o . ) billy . Scott . I just get off the phone with Dan . billy no , you do not . 17 . 17 . boras ( v.o . ) yeah , I be surprised he even call I . because he have say -- billy no , I have johnny for seven-point - five or he 's not play anywhere , because that 's the deal -- boras ( v.o . ) Boston just upped it to seven-seven -five . billy 's hand be already in motion to smash the phone , but in a herculean feat of self disciple , he manage to restrain himself before impact . boras ( v.o . ) you there ? billy we have a deal . boras ( v.o . ) we have a deal . if it 's eight million . billy why be I the ugliest girl at the dance , Scott ? why do I get the feel I be always gonna be a quarter million short ? boras ( v.o . ) I be just do my job for my client . that 's all I be do . billy no , you play I . and you be play I now . congratulation , asshole . you win . billy hang up on he . CUT to : 12-14 omitted 12-14 15 int . oakland coliseum - scouting room - present day 15 billy and he scout department - ten man older than he - all former player and tobacco chewer still , each with he own can of Copenhagen and wastebasket - sit around a large underground cinder block " war room " whose most extravagant appointment be a Mr. coffee . two large white - board dominate a wall , cover with magnetic strip with player ' name on they . 18. 18. on the leave board - every player in the a 's organization . on the other , even larger board - every player that may be of interest to they from the other organization . it 's the most complex chess board you will ever see . but what can be easily discern be the obvious hole in the a 's team - the star player they be about to lose - they name set apart from the position they be vacate : Jason giambi ( 1b ) , johnny damon ( cf ) , Jason isringhausen ( rp ) . grady alright , guy ... we have a great year . we win 102 game and we only come a buck short in New York . now the bad news ... we have get three big hole to fill . ( then ) let 's start with who we like for giambi . we will go around the room . who you like , matty ? keough I like geronimo . ( approval from the other scout ) guy 's a athlete . this guy be big , fast and talented . GEORGE six foot four . pittaro top of my list . pote clean cut , good face . artie good jaw . he 's the real deal . GEORGE five tool , good lookin' . billy can he hit ? keough he 's a tool guy . billy can he hit ? keough he 's get a great swing . Natural swing . 19 . 19 . billy so you be say he can not hit . keough he can hit . barry the ball explode off he bat . artie it 's exciting . when he hit it sound like he 's droppin ' a firecracker at he foot . pittaro down in the pisser you can hear that sound . barry sound like may , mantle , Aaron ... billy that 's not what I ask . I ask can he hit . keough he 's a good hitter . billy if he 's a good hitter , why do not he hit good ? keough he need a little work . he will be able to hit . he could be a great hitter . billy right ... we put he up against big league competition and suddenly he will be able to hit . grady move on -- grady artie , who do we like ? billy back off , incredulous as the scout prattle on -- artie I like Perez . he swing like a man . keough he swing like a man who swing at too much . 20 . 20 . artie there 's some work need to be do . I admit it . he need to be rework a little . but he 's noticeable . grady he 's notable ? artie no , he 's noticeable . you notice he . keogh he 's get a ugly girlfriend . barry what 's that mean ? keogh Ugly girlfriend mean no confidence . barry alright . that 's true . pittaro I agree with Art . I like the way he walk into a room . kid 's so confident he dick get there two minute before he do . GEORGE pass the eye candy test . he 's get the look , he 's ready to play the part . he just need some play time . keough I be just say , he girlfriend 's a 6 . barry billy , if you want to talk about another giambi , this guy could be it . enough . billy raise a book above the table , drop it with a dull thud ... stopping traffic . grady be that a suggestion , billy ? billy guy , stop . you be talk like this be business as usual . it 's not . grady we be try to solve the problem . 21 . 21 . billy not like this . you be not even look at the problem . grady we not only have a very clear understanding of the problem we now face , but everyone in this room have face similar problem countless time before . billy good . what 's the problem ? grady the problem be that we have lose 3 key player that we now have to replace . billy uh-uh . what 's the problem ? pittaro the problem be the same as it always be ; we have get to put a team together with what we have get . billy uh-uh . what 's the problem ? barry we have get 38 home run to replace , 120 rbi' , 47 double ... billy okay , stop . the problem we be try to solve be that this be a unfair game . there be rich team , poor team , 50 foot of crap and then there 's we . and now we have be gut . we be organ donor to the rich . the Red Sox take we kidney and the yankee take we heart . and now I be listen to the same old shit about have a good body and be a tool guy like you be look for Fabio . be there another first baseman like giambi ? ( beat ) be there ? everyone mumble " no . " billy then stop look for one because what we will surely wind up with be the McNuggets version of giambi . 22. 22. grady look , we be gonna find 25 guy , put `em through player development , teach `em how to play oakland a baseball . this be no time to push the panic button . this be the way we have be do it for 150 year . let we do we job . billy if we try to play like the yankee in here , we be not go to be able to play with they out there . grady that 's fortune cookie wisdom . billy no , it 's just regular wisdom . pote who 's Fabio ? grady okay , billy . clearly you have something on you mind . billy Bill James . artie you be not serious ? pittaro we be not play fantasy baseball , billy . barry that be not new idea , they disprove that year ago . grady Bill James be a night security guard at the stokely Van Camp pork and bean Factory . billy he think differently than anyone in baseball . grady he 's not in baseball . he 's in pork and bean . 23. 23. billy do not attack the man , attack the argument . pittaro ( to the room ) I think he just win the argument . chuckle . billy what if we have be wrong this whole time about what ingredient manufacture a win ? what if this whole time we think it be the chicken that make the chicken soup taste good when really it be the onion that make the chicken soup taste good ? onion be a lot cheaper than chicken , you see what I be say ? pote I do not have the first idea what you be say . billy we gotta start over . we gotta rethink this thing . we gotta look where other be not look . grady with all due respect , we have be do this for a long time . billy that do not mean you be do it right . do you watch nature doc ? you know what happen to the runt of the litter ? he die . I be open to any solution , as long as it 's not what the other guy be do . ( then ) now , I be go to Cleveland to poach a outfielder name brandon Garcia -- tbd scout hold on -- you be go to Cleveland for a double - a guy ? grady billy , I have see Garcia . he 's get a bad body . it 's not a pretty sight . pittaro kid wear a large pair of underwear . 24 . 24 . keogh that be a big boy . grady he 's not just big , but kind of doughy . a fleshy kind of body . billy oh , you mean like Babe Ruth . scout ( unison ) he 's no Babe Ruth . pittaro when he walk , billy , he thigh stick together . there 's enough friction there to start a bonfire . keogh if you see he , I be tell you , you would not want to go to Cleveland . barry billy , can I make a suggestion ? if you could get ricardo rincon ... he would be worth the trip to Cleveland . GEORGE that would solve we leave hand reliever problem . unanimous approval from the scout -- billy really ? scout ( unison ) yeah . billy I should get rincon ? scout ( unison ) definitely . billy okay . I will also come back with Joe dimaggio and ty cobb . and who would like a fabergé egg ? guy , you be not hearing I -- in what universe can we afford rincon ? ( then ) I be ask you guy to look at this game differently than you have ever look at it before . I be go to Cleveland . ( more ) 25 . 25 . billy ( cont 'd ) and when I come back , I want you to tell I something I do not already know . I want to question everything . we have get to rethink this game . as he exit -- billy and grady ? nobody care about a 102 win season . billy storm out . keough what 's a fabergé egg ? a16 ext . high school baseball field - day - flashback - 1980 a16 crack ! a ball sail well over the head of the scout in the outfield who be shagging the bat practice fly . the kide in the parking lot have see billy play before and so know just how far back to stand in order to shag a ball . billy 's at the plate , crush pitch from a pitching machine . crack !-- he send another one sailing over the head of the cluster of scout . crack ! crack ! crack ! billy , tan and glisten with sweat , look over to see three girl watch he from behind the backstop . they be look at he like he 's elvis and billy try to nonchalant it but can not help a small smile to himself before -- crack ! crack ! crack ! sabatini this be the guy . martinez he 's get a great path . I love the extension in he swing and the backspin he create . sabatini that 's some amazing power right there , huh ? 26 . 26 . martinez good approach , great balance . how 's he compare to the other around the country ? sabatini he 's number one . let 's just hope he 's still there when we pick . martinez this guy will go in the first round . CUT to : b16 ext . high school baseball field - day - 1980 b16 the scout put the player through they pace -- sprinting , field ... CUT to : c16 ext . dugout step - day - 1980 c16 sabatini and martinez be talk to billy , who 's toweling off and be still a little aware of all the people who be stand nearby to watch the birth of a star . sabatini billy . I be sabatini , Area scout , New York Met . can we get a couple minute of you time , find out more about you ? billy of course . sabatini I would like to introduce you to Tom martinez . martinez very impressive performance today . in my job as the national cross - checker for the New York Met , I see the top 200 player in the United States . it 's be a while since I have see a five tool guy , the complete package . you throw ability , you field skill ... Ed tell I you have power but I have no idea it be of the light tower variety . I hope you be as interested in professional baseball as we be in acquire you in the upcoming draft . 27 . 27 . billy well , sir , I would need to talk it out with my parent , decide if baseball be something I want to do full time . I have a scholarship to play football at Stanford . martinez well , billy , we be certainly look forward to meeting you folk and talk to they as well . and we believe in college , but that 's something you can do in the winter month . you need to know the sky 's the limit with you ability . you could be a superstar before you have even graduate . but to get to that level , you need to work with we people . pro-ball be where you need to be to develop the skill God give you . CUT to : 16 int . reception - indian corporate office - day 16 unlike the a 's , this be a franchise that can spend actual money on player , and on nice lobby furniture , which be where billy sit , stare at a classic baseball photo that hang in the lobby . assistant Mr. beane ? Mark 's ready to see you now . 17 omitted 17 18 int . MARK shapiro' office - cleveland - day 18 billy 's counterpart in Cleveland -- Indians General manager MARK shapiro -- 35 and about three week into the job--sit behind he desk in a tie and shirt sleeve like billy . join they in the room be four other , include peter brand . shapiro so billy , what be you look for ? billy 50 million in additional payroll . shapiro try giambi . billy ouch . 28 . 28 . shapiro 120 million . billy I should have be a hitter . shapiro where 's Steve in all this ? billy supportive . excite about rebuild the team . shapiro bond be available . billy yeah , how do I afford the rest of the field ? shapiro so what be you look for ? I want to help out . billy I guess you have touch the bottom of the sport industry when you opponent be offering you -- shapiro billy -- billy I need a lefty reliever and I want ricardo rincon . shapiro not go to happen . billy not even a discussion ? shapiro come on billy , even if you could afford he we be not about to let he go . billy why 's that ? you have get the venezuelan kid in North Carolina you be bring up . shapiro we dish he to Detroit . keep up . billy well there go my other idea . 29 . 29 . shapiro what else you think billy ? billy you have any outfielder I should be look at ? shapiro to replace damon ? billy yeah . shapiro that 's a tough one billy . billy yeah . who do you get ? shapiro the guy you might be able to afford ? hollins , Garcia ... coste . billy tell I about Garcia . shapiro to replace damon ?! billy be he healthy ? shapiro he have a back thing , some minor surgery , but he 's okay . petey ? petey he will be good by spring train . billy he will do . I can give you Guthrie for he if you kick in some cash . shapiro Mark Guthrie ? as Shapiro and gang review Guthrie 's stat , billy notice Peter whisper to the guy next to he . Shapiro look around the room at the guy who do not object . shapiro how much be you think ? 30 . 30 . billy 200 K. bruce approach Shapiro and whisper and step away . shapiro sorry about that . so ... Garcia be go to be a no . what else be you think about ? billy let 's make it work , I will go straight up with you , Garcia for Guthrie , no kicker . Shapiro look to Bruce , Peter be cover he mouth with he hand but we can just barely hear he whisper the word ' no ' . Bruce subtly shake he head to Mark . shapiro sorry billy , who else you interested in ? 19 int . indian corporate office - day 19 Peter sit at he cubicle absorb in he computer until he notice billy hover over he . billy hey . peter hi. billy who be you ? peter my name be Peter brand . billy what do you do ? peter I be special assistant to Mark Shapiro . billy so what do you do ? ( point at co - worker ) hey , mind you own business . ( he doe ) what do you do ? peter mostly player evaluation right now . 31 . 31 . billy why do Mark listen to you ? peter actually he rarely do . billy he just do . peter I do not think he be really listen to I in there per se . billy really ? peter yeah , I think he be listen to Bruce . billy who be you ? peter Peter brand . billy I do not give a rat 's ass about you name . nothing from Peter . billy what happen in there ? peter I be not sure what you be ask I . billy what do you tell butch ? peter huh ? oh Bruce ? I tell he I like Garcia . billy ( beat ) why ? peter ( beat ) probably for the same reason you do . billy meaning what ? 32 . 32 . peter he 's undervalue . you be smart to go after he . billy ( long beat ) what make he undervalue ? Peter be stick . he can not bring himself to say anything . after a long beat billy nod to he in a way that seem to say , ` I understand , it 's okay ' . billy come on . billy make a strong gesture indicate Peter to follow . which he do . they exit the office into 20 int . a vast parking structure - continuous 20 billy where you from Peter ? peter maryland . billy where do you go to school ? peter Yale . billy I hate Yale . peter why ? billy kid from Yale once block a trade I be try to make . what would you study ? peter economics . billy what be you do in baseball ? peter I love baseball . billy I be just curious . why be you so cagey in there ? 33. 33. peter I work for a different team . billy I know , but I be the first person in baseball who 's ever talk to you this long . right ? why be Garcia undervalue ? peter okay , truthfully , it might not be so easy to explain . billy really ? why 's that Peter ? peter we might not see the game the same way . billy oh really ? what do you mean by that ? peter you have spend you life in baseball and I do not have a very traditional view of the game . billy hey Pete , just say it . I be not about to beat you up . say what you have always want to say to a GM . peter Baseball think be medieval . it 's stick in the Dark Ages . I have a more scientific view of the game . billy keep go , Peter . peter there be a epidemic failure within the game to understand what 's really happen . and it lead people who run major league team to misjudge they player and mismanage they team . they be still ask the wrong question . people who run baseball team still think in term of buy player . sorry to say that . billy Peter , do not apologize for what you believe . 34 . 34 . peter the goal should not be to buy player , what you want to buy be win . to buy win , you buy run . you be try to replace johnny damon . the Red Sox look at johnny damon and they see a star worth seven point five million a year . when I look at johnny damon , I see a imperfect understanding of where run come from . sudden CUT to : archival video : the back of johnny damon 's a 's jersey as he walk to the plate to ador oakland fan . peter V / o his bat average be ignorable . what matter be he on base percentage - damon swing at the first pitch and knock it into leave field for a single . he lead off first -- peter V / o - which in 2001 be .324 . that 's 10 point lower than league average , and 17 point lower than Garcia 's . on the next pitch , damon take off for second -- peter V / o true , he steal some basis . but attempt steal in general have to succeed 70 % of the time before they even start to contribute to run total . in 2001 he cost you run . damon 's tag out at second . back to the garage peter he 's get a good glove . he 's a decent leadoff hitter . he steal basis . but he 's not worth the seven point five million Boston be pay he . you be lucky to have he off you payroll , it open all kind of interesting possibility . billy you read Bill James , Pete ? peter yes . this idea and this approach to the game be not all new . in fact , some of they have be around for two decade . 35 . 35 . billy if this approach have be around for so long , why be not anybody in baseball do they ? peter that 's a much more difficult question than how to win baseball game . once you begin to pull at that string , you understanding of the world might begin to unravel . the elevator door close . 21 int . airplane - night 21 billy 's in coach , stare at the night through the window , lose in think . 22 int . house - san diego - day - 1980 22 billy 's mother and father escort martinez and Met head scout Roger jongewaard into the kitchen . mother billy ? they be here . jongewaard billy ... good to see you again . obviously you be a very special player . we would like to compliment you on you high school career , and we be look forward to you be a part of the Met family . jongewaard sit at the kitchen table , speak more to billy 's parent than billy himself -- jongewaard there 's good -- and there 's premium . you son be premium . he have it all -- power , speed , the arm . the look -- and I be never wrong about that . which be why this be a premium number . he set a contract on the table . clipped to its top - sheet be a check . on its left-hand corner be the Met insignia ; on the right , the amount : $ 125,000 . they all see it . a lot of money in 1980 . silence . then -- mother billy 's be offer a scholarship to Stanford . 36 . 36 . jongewaard I know . and that 's a great accomplishment . I be sure you be very proud of he . mother so he can accept that , go there , and then - - jongewaard be already shaking he head no . jongewaard I understand how important college be . I do . but what I can not do be burn a second first - round draft pick on someone who can not play for four year -- no matter how good he be . four year be ample time for someone to get hurt . it happen all the time . so , no . I be sorry . it have to be one or the other . to postpone four year be four year he could be in big league . the sooner he get there the sooner he can reap the benefit . Stanford or the money . Young billy regards the check , and then he parent . he really do not know what to do . jongewaard we be go to give he a different kind of education . this will not be he life 's career , it will be he first career . he 's go to be a young guy in the business world when he baseball career be do . he will still have he whole life ahead of he . father it 's you decision , billy . whatever you decide be fine with we . 23 int . billy house - night 23 billy 's look out he window while hold he cordless phone . he 's dial the number in and just have to hit the green button . and now he do . intercut with 24 int . peter' apartment - same time 24 peter 's ringing cell phone wake he up and he answer it . 37 . 37 . peter hello ? billy it 's billy beane . peter what time be it ? billy I do not care . would you have draft I in the first round ? peter what ? billy after I leave you run I through you computer , right ? would you have draft I in the first round ? peter you be a good baseball player . billy would you have draft I in the first round ? peter ( pause ) I would have draft you in the ninth round . no signing bonus . you would have pass and go to Stanford . billy pack you suitcase . peter why ? billy I just buy you from the Cleveland Indians . billy hang up the phone . he sit all alone for a moment . 25 ext . oakland coliseum - morning 25 montage : Peter pull into the parking lot for he first day of work , take in the sight of the colossal , concrete relic that be the oakland coliseum . he 's just in time to see a paint roller on a long pole lay a white stripe down the middle of Jason giambi 's giant portrait . CUT to : 38 . 38 . 26 int . peter' office - night 26 peter 's completely convert the place . the dry erase board be cover with undecipherable equation , algorithm and number and peter , who 's pretty tired now after not a lot of sleep , be in the middle of this . this be what billy see when he walk into the doorway , where he slow down , stop and look around blankly . billy good evening . peter good evening . billy I ask you to do three . peter yes . billy to evaluate three available player . peter yeah . billy and how many do you do ? peter 47 . billy okay -- peter 51 , I do not know why I lie just then . billy talk I through the wall . peter get up and give billy a tour of the dry erase board . peter this be the american League West . this year we be go to need to win between 97 and 101 game to make the post season . here 's the number of run we will need to score in order to win that game and here 's the number of run we can allow . 39 . 39 . billy let 's make sure we be on the same page . peter okay . billy we be go to re-think baseball . peter yes . billy look for a inefficiency in statistic . peter examine the way that run be score and prevent . billy exploit the fact that unspectacular run be just as valuable as 450 - foot bomb . peter unspectacular run be more valuable . billy why ? peter / billy ( simultaneously ) because they cost less . billy we believe there 's a river that have not be fished . peter we know it for sure . billy and because player have be overlook because they do not rise to the standard of traditional baseball think , we believe that in this river , there be fish ... fish who -- ( billy lose it ) help I with -- peter forget the fish . in this room be every available player at every level of professional baseball , and somewhere in that group be 25 player that everyone have else have throw out . ( more ) 40 . 40 . peter ( cont 'd ) a island of misfit toy . in this room be a championship team that we can afford . billy yes . but let I ask you this . if we theory be right -- peter math be not a theory . billy if it 's right -- peter it 's right . billy it sound right . peter it be right . billy if math be not a theory -- peter it be not . billy I be gonna punch you in the kidney if you do not let I finish a sentence . peter sorry . billy if this be right , why be not everybody do it ? in fact , why be not anybody do it ? peter somebody once say , " it 's not what you do not know that worry I it 's what you know for sure that 's get I scared . " in the mid -19th century in budapest there be a incredibly high instance of mother die shortly after childbirth from a disease call puerperal fever . 35 % . billy make this story less boring as soon as you can . 41 . 41 . peter a doctor name semmelweiss show that if the attend physician and nurse sterilize they hand before delivery , the mortality rate drop to 1 % . billy and he be vilify ? peter he be institutionalized . for suggest that wash you hand before put they inside someone else 's body be a good idea . High function people can live under the spell of a inexplicable mental lapse when they think as a group . why be not anybody else do it ? because they do not think guy who look like you be what win baseball game . they know it for sure . billy ( pause ) alright , let 's find we team . CUT to : 27 int . video room - day 27 Peter schlep he computer stuff . set up , plug in , fire up . turn a unused room into a war room with dry erase board and computer . he install software in the video room computer , work on a computer in he room , print two page of data and review . CUT to : 28 int . billy office - night 28 Peter enter and hand the two page to billy . billy review , stand , then slowly pace as he read . Peter stand and watch . CUT to : 29 ext . oakland coliseum - night 29 from somewhere in the outfield , we have a wide view of the darken stadium and billy 's office , which , unlike the other , be illuminate . we can just discern billy 's silhouette as he continue to slowly pace and study . CUT to : 42 . 42 . 30 int . oakland coliseum - day 30 billy and Peter walk down a long , subterranean corridor . Peter carry a laptop and a slim notebook . billy nervous ? peter no ?? billy huh. interesting . Peter do not know what to make of that . 31 int . hallway outside scouting room - continuous 31 as they near the scout room , billy see art howe wait for he outside it . billy hey , Art . art can I talk to you a second before you get start . billy I get a lot to do . art I know . whatever it be , billy know it can not be as dire as he other problem , but also know that to ignore Art would be to insult he . he gesture for Peter to go into the scout room alone . he would rather not , but do . the scout , assume perhaps he 's there to make coffee , ignore he . he find a place to sit in a corner . art who 's the kid ? billy that 's Peter . art I can not manage this team under a one - year contract . billy sure you can . 43. 43. art no I can not . billy I have get to put a team on the field , then I will deal with you contract . art how about you deal with the manager 's contract and then put a team on the field ? billy at the moment , if a ground ball be hit to first base , nobody 's go to be there to stop it from roll . art I have to tell you it 's not easy do what I do under the cloud of a one - year contract . billy I know . I be there . art I know you have . and a 1 - year contract say the same thing to a manager as it do to a player : there 's not a lot of faith there . which be strange after a 102 - win season . billy if you lose the last one of the season nobody give a shit about the other . art it 's on I now ? billy it 's on I , Art ! ( beat ) and the kid 's the new assistant general manager . art ( pause ) what the fuck be you about to do ? billy do not answer the question , just walk into the - 44 . 44 . 32 int . scouting room - day 32 - and ignore Peter - who have try to inconspicuously plant himself in a corner - pull up a chair to receive he scout ' report - which grady , as always , will lead . Art wander off . grady how do it go in Cleveland ? billy it be cold . the news bother no one . grady let 's get after we relief pitching problem . billy we get Chad Bradford . right-hander . few , if any of they , have hear of Bradford and begin leaf through they printout and note . grady submariner ? billy that 's the one . technically a underhander . grady what 's he velocity ? billy unimpressive . artie about 85 . grady do he have a good break ball ? billy do not have one . grady why do you like this guy ? billy well , he get people out . 45 . 45 . artie the left-hander hitter get a really good look at he . grady he 's down there . he 's down there real low , too . billy let 's move on . the scout be not sure what to say , and so say nothing . eventually - grady well , we , I think , have fare better . we have some idea for what to do about giambi . billy knock I down . grady we trade power for speed . a rabbit for a gorilla - we go for a overachiever . a big heart in the last year he contract . tend to play hard . we usually get a pretty good year out of they . make up for some of the offense we lose . ( put more name up ) or the other option . just a think . we go for a high - maintenance guy . a guy that 's a little difficult but talented . a guy like milton Bradley . well , not like milton . milton himself . which do you want to talk about first ? billy none of they . grady look like a man who can not take much more . billy you be still look to replace he ; you be just say it another way . barry we get some trade here . billy we can not do it . what we can do be recreate he value to we in the aggregate . 46 . 46 . grady the ( what ) - billy giambi 's on - base percentage be .477 . damon 's be .324 . and olmeda 's - bless he heart - be .291 . add that up and you get - he point to Peter . peter you want I to speak ? billy when I point at you , yes . peter ten-ninety-two. billy divide by three - peter Three -sixty -four . billy that 's what we be look for . and that 's what we will find . Three player whose average obp be - peter Three -sixty -four . artie that do not come out right . billy you gotta carry the one . artie still do not look right . billy it 's right . the other be not sure what confuse they more - the logic , or the guy who should not be in this room . grady billy ? billy yes . 47 . 47 . grady who 's that ? billy that 's Peter . and that 's all he 's go to tell they about Peter . grady I do not know how to say this delicately - but do - Peter - need to be here ? billy yes . poloni what 's with this on base percentage obsession ? be that Bill James bullshit ? billy you can call it billy beane bullshit for all I care . billy take a Marks - a - lot , jot down three name on strip , and approach the board . billy so here 's who we want . one . he put the first strip up . it read : jeremy giambi . billy Jason 's little brother Jeremy . barry he never come home from the game . poloni billy , if I may , he 's have he problem on the field -- not to mention he problem off the field -- not to mention he 's get a little thick around the middle -- there 's the stuff with the weed . he 's at strip joint ... grady this guy could start the year with a agent and end up with a parole officer for Christ 's sake . billy his on - base percentage be all we be look at now and he get on base a awful lot for someone who only cost $ 285,000 a year . 48 . 48 . GEORGE he can not catch a ball in the outfield . I have see he lose a ball in the moonlight . billy put up another name : david justice . billy David justice . grady ten year ago he be a big name . he 's go to really help we season ticket at the beginning of the year . but by June he 's not go to be hit he weight . pittaro he 's 36 ! artie his leg be go . he 's a defensive liability . I question whether the bat speed be still there . barry steinbrenner be so piss at he decline he 's willing to eat up half he contract to get rid of he . billy that 's good . hopkin he 's a fossil . with all due respect , bring this three guy aboard be like put bubble gum on a flat tire . grady and why do we want to be the one to bail justice out of he contract ? billy point at peter -- peter he get on base . grady I get 37 free agent who be better than that guy . billy Scott hatteberg . 49 . 49 . pote who ? billy exactly . sound like a oakland a already . yes , he 's get a little damage in he elbow . grady some damage ? he can not throw . billy we be not interested in he for he arm anymore than we want giambi for he . grady wait , you be talkin ' about hatteberg at first ? billy yes . hopkin he 's a career .260 hitter and the good part of he career be over . billy I say it 's just start . pittaro well , billy , you will like the sound of this ... I hear Boston want to cut he and no one want to pick he up . billy that 's good news for we . he 's cheap . grady let I understand this . at first base you want a guy who 's be cut from half of the minor league team in the country due to irreparable nerve damage ? billy he can not hit and he can not field , but what can he do ? ( beat ) look at the piece of paper or I be go to point at Peter . the scout consult they spreadsheet and then answer half-heartedly -- 50 . 50 . scout ( half -heartedly ) he can get -- billy he can get on base . poloni alright , so he walk a lot . billy he get on base a lot , rocco . do I care if it 's a walk or a hit ? peter you do not . poloni this three player , by you own admission , be defective in one way or another . billy yeah . grady you want to replace Jason giambi with not one but three defective player ? billy you get it . grady billy , we have all be busting we ass the last six and a half week to make this a better ball -- billy ( cut he off ) grady , it 's not a discussion . pote I think we be all lose sight of the fact that you be the general manager . you only have to answer to ownership and god. billy I do not know God follow baseball . pote I hope he do . 51 . 51 . some of the scout look over in Peter 's direction , no doubt wonder if he 's have something to do with they general manager 's idea . WASHINGTON billy , I just do not see it . billy that 's okay , wash . we will not be victimize by what we see anymore . WASHINGTON I understand what you be say about they average , but there 's something you be forget . none of they play first base . billy I have not forget that , wash . one of they be go to have to learn . WASHINGTON learn . billy you be go to have to teach he . WASHINGTON teach . billy instruct . WASHINGTON which one ? 33 ext / int . tacoma house - night 33 a Christmas tree . four stocking hang from the mantle . the phone ring . scott hatteberg get up . he look at it . look at he wife . pick it up . scott hello ? billy ( vo ) Scott ? scott yes ? billy ( vo ) it 's billy beane . oakland a's . scott be expect that it would be someone else ... 52 . 52 . scott yes ? billy ( vo ) can we talk ? scott yes . billy ( vo ) you want to invite I in ? scott what ? billy ( vo ) I be outside . I can see you in the window . scott go to the window and cup he hand against the glass to see outside . elizabeth honey ? two silhouettes be stand on the edge of the fairway . one of they wave . 34 int . scott hatteberg's house - later - night 34 elizabeth be put out some cookie shape like star and bell for the late- night guest : billy and ron WASHINGTON . billy thank you , mar 'am . WASHINGTON thank you , mar 'am . she leave she husband with the two man but listen in on they conversation from the next room , nibble on a cookie of she own . billy you have play catcher you whole life ? scott since I be 8. billy produce a baseball from he windbreaker and hand it to scott . scott can only manage to grip the baseball like a claw . Washington look to heaven . billy how 's the elbow ? 53. 53. scott good. Real good . it 's great . ( fuck it ) I can not throw at all . billy yeah , do not worry about it . you have throw you last baseball from behind the plate . I want you at first . scott be so throw by this that all he can do be stare at billy . then at WASHINGTON , who 's shrug tell scott " this be not my idea . " scott I have only ever play catcher . billy you be not a catcher anymore . if you be , then mine would not have be the only call you get when you contract expire at midnight . scott I appreciate it but -- billy you be welcome . scott you see -- billy you do not know how to play first base . scott that 's right . billy it 's not that hard . tell he , wash . WASHINGTON it 's incredibly hard ! billy anything worth do be . wash be gonna teach you . scott wait a minute , what about -- billy Jason 's go , Scott . 54 . 54 . scott I be take giambi 's spot at first ? what about the fan ? WASHINGTON yeah , maybe I can teach one of they . billy the fan do not run -- ( to WASHINGTON ) -- good one -- ( back to scott ) -- the fan do not run my ball club . scott they be gonna hate I . WASHINGTON ( motion to billy ) no , they be gonna hate he . billy the fan love I . WASHINGTON okay . hatteberg 's young daughter come down the staircase in she pajamas , have just wake up in the middle of the night . billy hello . hatteberg's daughter hi. scott that 's we youngest daughter . billy great . scott do you have kid ? billy do not like to share personal life with the player but he cover well -- billy -- yeah , I have a daughter . billy take a contract out of he windbreaker and set it on the table next to the cookie . 55 . 55 . billy this be a contract for you to play baseball with the oakland a 's . a copy 's on its way to you agent . discuss it with you wife and let we know . ( they get up and billy call off ) thanks for the cookie , mar 'am . we see elizabeth with tear run down she face ... then go back to the live room -- elizabeth ( o.s. ) you be welcome . billy ( on he way out ) merry Christmas . 35 ext . / int . san diego - present day 35 the door of a suburban house open , revealing a woman . billy hi. sharon hi , billy . she pull the door open so he can come in . as he do - billy she home ? sharon she 's out , but she will be home soon . 36 int . san diego house - continuous 36 as billy enter he ex- wife Sharon 's house , she husband alan walk in , talk on the phone . alan ( on phone ) yeah , no , do not worry about it sweetie . here 's mom . Alan hand Sharon the phone . billy hey Alan . alan come on in have a seat . want some coconut water ? it 's really refresh . 56 . 56 . billy I be all set , thanks . alan what be you bench now ? billy I do not keep count . alan well , whatever it be , it 's work . you look good . they sit on the couch next to a Christmas tree . alan I have not get to see you since the playoff in New York . that be heartbreaking , billy . we be root for you . billy ( beat ) yep . alan you know what I say ? billy fuck `em . ( beat ) I be sorry Alan , what do you say ? alan no , I just want to say that a lot of team do not get that far , and to make it that far be a really big accomplishment . Sharon get off the phone and join they . billy ( to sharon ) so how be she ? sharon she 's great . be here in a minute . how 's the team shaping up ? billy New beginning . Blue horizon . alan I read that you lose two player . damon and - ( more ) 57 . 57 . alan ( cont 'd ) ( mispronces ) ghee -ambi ? sharon giambi . wow , that 's tough . that 's really tough . billy and isringhausen . alan sound tough . billy so where be she ? alan I just talk to she on she cell . she 's just come up the hill , she 's two minute away . billy you buy she a cell phone ? sharon yeah . billy at 12 ? alan just for emergency . I be sorry , we should have consult you for that decision - billy it 's probably a good idea . sharon but actually I call you - the front door open . it 's billy 's daughter casey - a pre - teen indie-rock girl - and not a moment too soon . he 's up quickly to give she a hug and to get out of here . billy let 's go shopping . 37 int . guitar CENTER - LA mesa - day 37 billy and casey peruse guitar . billy you want one with nylon string , right ? 58 . 58 . casey I like the red one . billy how about this ? casey yeah , that 's cool . billy let 's try it out over here . they take a seat . casey easily finger through a very tough spray of note . billy ( genuinely impressed ) casey . casey yeah . billy you get good . casey I have just be play a lot . billy that 's ... that 's not the way most 12 year old play . casey Alan think I should have a better teacher . billy who 's Alan ? casey look at he -- billy oh , yeah . Mom 's Alan . what 's wrong with the teacher you have now ? casey Alan think I should be work more on technique so I do not learn bad habit . billy well , you seem to be do just fine to I . do you like play ? casey I love it . 59 . 59 . billy that 's so great . I be so happy for you . the most important thing in life be to find something you love and do it well . do you like you teacher ? casey yeah . billy okay , I will talk to Mom and Alan . do you like that guitar ? casey yes ! billy that the one ? casey yeah , I think so . billy let 's get it . let 's get it now . casey really ? billy merry Christmas . CUT to : 38 ext . dodger stadium 38 legend : 1984 billy 's at the plate , a bat helmet snug around he head , wear a met uniform , as a 97 mph fastball buzze by he and the umpire call -- umpire striiike ! billy step out of the box , tap the dirt off he cleat and step back in . a young - look sharon be sit in field level seat , look on nervously and try not to show it . billy half - swing at the break ball , hold he swing at the last minute . 60 . 60 . the catcher and plate umpire both point down to first base for the call and the first base umpire make a fist in the air , indicate that billy swing . umpire striiike ! and billy 's out . sharon hold she head in she hand and billy walk back to the dugout , pass a player with " strawberry " on he back . and now the quick scene of failure become staccato -- 39-40 omitted 39 - 40 41 ext . tidewater 41 legend : 1985 billy play for minor league tidewater and he grounds out and CUT to : 42 ext . toledo 42 legend : 1986 billy play for minor League Toledo . he swing and pop up lamely to the pitcher , throw he bat down in frustration as he jog hopelessly to first and we announcer V / o ... billy beane , who 's quickly establish a new record for break bat , bat rack and water cooler , be actually a much - tout first round pick of the New York Met in 1980 but the major have not be kind to he with only 18 plate appearance in two year and this will not do anything to help he as ... 43 ext . yankee stadium 43 legend : 1986 billy play for the Minnesota twin where he come back into the dig out and throw he bat helmet down and CUT to : 61 . 61 . 44 ext . portland 44 legend : 1987 billy play for minor league Portland and a water cooler go fly across the dugout and CUT to : a45 ext . minnesota a45 legend : 1987 announcer V / o ...one of two first round pick in 1980 along with daryl strawberry , beane be bring up last year and send back down after 8 at - bat so here 's a second chance as Smith deliver ... billy play for the Minnesota twin . he swing hard at a pitch and strike out and we CUT to : 45 ext . detroit 45 legend : 1988 billy play for the Detroit Tigers and the bat rack get heave across the field and CUT to : 46 ext . oakland coliseum field - night 46 legend : 1989 announcer V / o ... if you be a real baseball fan with a good memory you might remember that billy beane be take in the first round of the amateur draft back in 1980 , separate from all - Star outfielder daryl strawberry by only 14 pick , so it just go to show ... billy in a a 's uniform . he stand and watch a call third strike sail past he . umpire Strike ! billy break the bat over he thigh and drop the piece on the plate . he begin to walk off . 62 . 62 . umpire hey billy , clean up after yourself . billy hear he but continue to walk off . to be written : the ump toss billy from the game . billy look up at sharon in the seat behind the dugout but the two can not quite meet each other 's eye . 47 int . oakland coliseum - day 47 in the subterranean video room - a even less elegant place than the rest of the stadium - someone have put up a scraggly Christmas tree . there , Peter watch a tape of a minor leaguer on the lowell spinner , a single-a Boston affiliate . billy come in . peter how would it go ? billy how would what go ? peter hatteberg . billy he can barely hold a baseball . but he 's we guy now . billy sit . billy who 's that ? peter that be Kevin youkilis . this be the guy we want more than anyone else in the world . billy watch the guy on the screen . he 's a overweight right -hande batter with a peculiar stance . peter he can not run , throw or field . but he walk more than anyone in baseball except Barry bond . take out intentional walk and it 's more than bond . he 's the Greek God of walk . on the tv , the batter take another pitch just off the edge of the strike zone . 63. 63. peter I try to get Shapiro to draft he last June . he say he wad like a duck . Boston take he . Boston will not let he go yet . they be go to wait and see . they watch he lay off a pitch a inch outside the strike zone . Peter give billy a look that say , you see that ? peter you all right , billy ? grady o/ S billy ? grady have appear behind they at the door . grady can we talk a minute ? billy yeah . ( to peter ) yeah . 48 int . locker room - moment later 48 grady close the video room door for privacy . the only other person in sight be manager Art howe , in he office in street clothes . he shut he window door so grady and billy can talk in confidence . grady you boy and I have a talk while you be in Tacoma . I do not like much of what I hear . billy no ? grady no . you get a kid in there with a Yale economics degree and a scout out here with 29 year baseball experience and you be listen to the wrong one . billy I do not listen to anyone , you know that . grady this be not a joke . billy I be not joke . 64 . 64 . grady this be not how you run a ball club , with a computer . you know that . you be a baseball man . there be intangible that only a scout can see in a player that you be not go to pick up with just number , with someone who do not play the game , who know nothing about the game but how to feed number into a computer . billy that 's what we be do . that 's exactly what we be do . grady if this be what baseball be , if it 's not kirk Gibson go up to the plate on two bad leg because the manager feel in he heart that he have one swing leave in that body ... a computer would not do that . they would have have he sit up in the stand . billy a computer do not romanticize the sport . leave that for the fan . grady well , romance and the fan , it 's call a love affair with the game and it 's be go on for one hundred and fifty year . billy I do not want to hurt you love affair with the game . just because we have be do it one way for a hundred and fifty year do not mean we have be do it right . you have any idea how long people think the sun revolve around the earth ? to you eye it look like that 's what 's happen . grady you be say everybody 's be wrong ? everybody ? beat . grady be you say everybody 's be wrong ? billy yes. maybe . ( beat ) ( more ) 65 . 65 . billy ( cont 'd ) yes , and I have think so my whole life . and now we be gonna see if I be -- grady -- we be gonna see if you be right ?! this be about you and you shit ? some scout from 20 year ago call it wrong , okay ? they think you be a ballplayer and you be not . as you know , it happen . do not take it out on -- billy I be not -- take it out on -- grady I be try to help , okay , I be say -- billy no , you be not say anything to I right now . ( beat ) grady , you do not have special power . you do not have the ability to look at a guy and " just know " because you be a scout with special power . I have watch you sit at kitchen table for year and tell the parent of a 17 year old kid , " trust I , when I know , I know , and when it come to you son , I know " and you do not . we be shopping in a new store - - full of complicated statistical analysis and equation and I get that it turn you world upside down but on base percentage -- we best chance to score on we budget be not get a 6 ' 4 " adonis to the plate , it 's get a 5 '10 " washout who 's already at first base . grady ( pause ) May I speak ? billy yes . grady Major League Baseball and its fan will be happy to hand you and Google Boy you head if you keep do what you be do here , I do not give a shit about friendship this situation or the past . Major League Baseball think the way I think . you be not gonna win . and I will give you a nickel 's worth of free advice . ( more ) 66 . 66 . grady ( cont 'd ) you be make it impossible for yourself to get another job once Schott fire you after this catastrophic season you be set we all up for and you be gonna have to explain to you wife and you kid why you be work at Dick 's sport goods . billy I be not gonna fire you , grady . grady go fuck yourself , billy . billy well now maybe . grady take off . billy stand there a moment . on he way out , pass Art 's window office , he exchange a look with the manager . billy take a short walk to where a few of he scout be stand around a arcade console . to the youngest one - billy Eric . you never even play high school ball , right ? the young scout shake he head , embarrassed . billy grady 's go . you be the new head scout . billy turn away and be head back to the video room . poke he head in . billy do not try to explain thing to scout . they be not program to get it . it 's just we . he leave . Peter watch the door close , then glance back to the tape as youkilis take ball four and waddle down to first base . CUT to : a49 ext . phoenix municipal stadium - day a49 team / jumbotron photo be take of we new a 's . it 's clear from the photo billy do not hire they to sell jeans . legend : March 2 , 2002 - spring training 67 . 67 . billy give a interview to a sport reporter . sport reporter billy , will the fan still come out now that you have lose giambi ? billy I do not know , Graham . will they listen to you insipid radio show ? b49 int . locker room - arizona - day b49 mike magnante go through the effort of put on he knee - brace . Scott hatteberg , lace up , watch he . 49 ext . phoenix municipal stadium - day 49 various station have be set up at which infielder go through they warm - up - wind sprint , arm loosen . infielder field grounder hit by Art howe from a fungo . billy pace in the foul territory off the first base line . he Pov : jeremy giambi miss a fly ball , david justice look tired , hatteberg miss the scoop . Art hit another grounder which hatteberg botch again . Art look at billy a good long beat , then hit to another infielder . Peter walk up to billy , just as - a poke off the bat send Jeremy giambi scramble back like a postman try to escape a mad dog . the ball land behind he . billy well , we do not pay he for he defense . Art and Washington hit grounder to carlos pena and Scott hatteberg . hatteberg miraculously get he mitt on it . billy that 's the way , hatte. pickin ' Machine . behind a portable backstop , a guy with a radar gun get ready to clock a trio of reliever . Mike magnante have he pant leg pull up to adjust knee - brace . magnante get up and begin throw , increase he velocity each time . billy none of that break 85 . 68 . 68 . they watch the second pitcher - the gentle - face kid from the locker room - Chad Bradford - step up . billy Chad I have high hope for . Bradford overthrow he first submarine hand - scraping - the -ground pitch , and the ball sail wide of the catcher . somebody duck . Art howe glance with a long -suffer look to billy . billy it just get away from he . they watch David justice do wind sprint . billy he 's still get it . then justice stop , wind . 50 int . locker room - arizona - later 50 as the player shower and change into street clothes , Art , billy and Washington discuss hatteberg , who know they be discuss he . billy it 's the first day of week one . there 's nothing to judge yet . art I can judge it and so can you . first base be the moon to he . billy it be not to giambi ? he 's the worst first baseman in baseball . what do you think of he , wash ? WASHINGTON the nicest way I can put it be , he lack confidence . billy work with he wash . WASHINGTON I will do that , billy , but we have get pena who can play first . and he 's look pretty good out there . billy I want to make it work with hatte , wash . 69 . 69 . as Washington cross the locker room to lie to Scott about how much progress he 's make , he pass magnante take off he knee brace , and Chad Bradford sit at he locker with a Bible in he lap . art not to mention we already have a first baseman . billy a rookie first baseman . it 's not the same . art number 11 on the top 100 prospect list . billy list be not baseball . art catcher at first base be not baseball . who 's idea be this ? Peter 's ? billy hatteberg will be fine , Art . art he will be fine , you be right . pinch hit while pena play first base . 51 ext . oakland coliseum - day 51 a tower portrait of David justice have be paint where Jason giambi 's use to be . the hardest diehard fan file under it and through the turnstile . you know what they look like , drip a 's merchandise , radio and sharpy , arrive so early the b.p. cage be still be drag into place . a series of shot indicate the arrival of open day . including : foul line be paint , broadcast truck plug in , the network control room fire up , announcers do they prep , Steve Schott land in he helicopter . legend : April 1 , 2002 - open day in the locker room : player prepare . magnante put on he knee brace . magnante yeah ... be do it for way too long . 70 . 70 . hatteberg how long do it take ? magnante when I first start this thing ? it be like a half hour process . now I can knock this sucker out in 30 second , no problem . 52 int . a's locker room - same time - day 52 Jeremy giambi 's boombox be on again as he and he 24 teammate suit up . 36 - year-old David justice wander past to a soda machine . press a button , but nothing come out . tries again . tejada be a dollar , mang . justice what ? tejada always be like that here . justice you be kid I , right ? tejada welcome to oakland . billy and peter walk through . he walk past chad bradford 's locker ... chad Excuse I , Mr. beane . billy hey Chad . chad I hope I be not disturbing you . billy you be not , what 's up ? chad I want to say thanks for the opportunity . billy it 's gonna work out well for both of we . 71 . 71 . chad nobody in the major league ever take I seriously . billy ( pause ) nobody ? chad just you , sir . billy okay . ( beat ) it 's a big day , you will not forget it . chad I be go to pray for you and you family . peter follow billy out of the locker room . 53 omitted 53 a54 ext . oakland coliseum - announcer's booth - day a54 shot of the game announcers . ken korach , greg papa and glen kuiper welcome the fan to open day , discuss the a 's lineup and the problem they face this season . 54 ext . oakland coliseum field - day 54 montage : it 's fifteen minute before the game as some executive have they picture take on the field with billy . billy hey , great to see you . thanks for come out . get a good box ? you want a picture ? sure , let I step in there . great , big smile now . Big smile . know what I like about open day ? everyone 's even . thank you . you all enjoy the game . billy get he picture take with kide from a area Little League team . he 's laugh and be a good host . billy hey , how you guy do . so you win ? that 's great . what position be you ? how 's you fastball ? 92 ? alright , should we get a pic ? 72 . 72 . billy and the Little League team pose with a giant donation check . the announcer then direct everyone 's attention to a trophy ceremony in progress . as Chavez receive he Golden Glove award and smile for the fan ... CUT to : 55 ext . oakland coliseum field level seat - day 55 billy greeting some VIP 's in they field - level seat . throughout this we will hear bit of talk radio . host # 1 ( from radio ) with the departure of head scout grady fuson and a roster that I will describe as unusual , if not eccentric , you have to wonder what billy beane be think . billy catch a glance of elizabeth hatteberg take she seat nearby . in the family area , Elizabeth introduce herself to tara . elizabeth hi , I be Elizabeth . tara hi. tara . which be yours ? elizabeth Scott hatteberg . catcher - actually first base - actually we do not know . your ? tara GM . elizabeth ( excitedly ) Mr. beane ? tara nod . elizabeth he 's a saint . tara really ? CUT to : a56 ext . oakland coliseum field - day a56 Art be talk to a journalist . 73. 73. journalist be they pick up you option for next year ? a beat . art I bring it up to they during the off - season , and I still do not have my option . journalist be you frustrated ? art I think it 's fair to say that . 56 omitted 56 57 omitted ( incorporated into 54 ) 57 a58 ext . oakland coliseum - later a58 Art howe stand mid-field as the start lineup be announce . one by one , player join he on the field . the honor guard present the flag as everyone stand for the National anthem . afterward , the player scatter to warm up for the game . 58 ext . oakland coliseum field level - day 58 the crowd cheer as the a 's take the field . billy and Peter be at the edge of the tunnel , watch . billy okay , good . ( beat ) I be head in . peter why ? billy I do not watch the game . peter be this a joke ? billy shake he head " no " . peter gesture " what the fuck be you talk about ? " billy I do not know what you be miming . 74 . 74 . peter I be miming " you do not watch the game ?! " billy this be my team . and they have take the field . they be world class athlete who be fight for they life and I stand with they . except not literally so I need you to text I what Art do . billy walk out onto -- CUT to : 59 int . billy office - day 59 billy 's watch the game on tv ( archival video ) with the sound off but we can hear the live crowd in the stadium . crack --a TEXAS ranger hit a three - run homer and billy walk out of the room and CUT to : 60 ext . oakland coliseum field - day - archival video 60 a oakland a hit a easy pop - up to center field and CUT to : 61 int . weight room - day 61 where billy 's on a stationary bike . his blackberry buzze and he take a look -- " fly out to cntr " CUT to : 62 int . weight room - day 62 where billy 's bench press and crack -- CUT to : 63 ext . oakland coliseum field - day - archival video 63 where a oakland a have just hit a ground ball to the shortstop , who toss it easily to second for the first out , and the second baseman throw it over to first for -- CUT to : 64 int . weight room - day 64 where billy look at the blackberry which now say -- 75 . 75 . " 643 dbl play " the blackberry go crash into the wall and blow apart . CUT to : 65 int . locker room / area outside arta office - night 65 we find billy and Art in conversation . billy yeah . I should have make you a bigger part of the conversation , I should have have you in the scout meeting from the first day , that way you would have understand this better and that be another mistake , I take full responsibility . art what be you try to say ? billy it do not matter what move I make if you do not play the team the way I need they play . art billy - ( long beat ) you be out of you depth . billy why be not hatteberg at first ? art because he can not play first . billy how do you know ? art not my first baseball game . billy art -- art Scott hatteberg can not hit . billy he get on -- 76 . 76 . art and he defense -- billy still keep we in the plus column and we only need to be 7 over 500 . art anything else ? billy yeah , I would have rather see Chad Bradford in there at the end than magnante . art bradford be -- billy I do not care about righty / lefty . art I do . billy this be about you contract ? art no , you have make it clear what you think about that . this be about you do you job and I do mine . mine 's be leave alone to manage the beer league team you assemble for I . billy I do not assemble they for you , I assemble they for I . art no shit . 66 int . billy office - day 66 billy I want you to go on the road with the team . peter you do not go on the road with the team . billy that 's why I want you to do it . peter why do not you ? 77 . 77 . billy I do not want to develop personal relationship . I need to trade they , send they down and sometimes cut they . you should learn how to do that by the way . peter the only way I would have to cut a player be if you oh come on ! billy yeah , let 's practice . peter no . billy I be a player , cut I from the roster . peter no . billy do it . peter this be stupid . billy man-up , Yale . peter Fine . billy , would you have a seat for a moment , I need to talk to you . billy I be already sit . peter I be pretend you be not sit . billy but I be . keep go . peter this be the hardest thing there be to do in baseball . billy you get that from bull Durham ? peter yeah . 78 . 78 . billy hitting a curve ball be the hardest thing there be to do in baseball but go ahead . peter you have be a huge part of this team but decision have to be make that be best for the team , I be sure you can understand that . billy you be cut I ? peter I be really sorry . billy I just buy a house here . peter ( beat ) well ... billy well ? that 's all you have to say ? my kid just start at a new school , they make friend . peter that 's -- I would leave they in school , you do not want to take they out in the middle of the -- billy what the hell be you do ? peter be you you or the player ? billy I be I . you be talk about kid and school and you should have be out of the room three minute ago . peter should not I tell they that they will always be a part of the a 's family ? billy that make I feel so good I be think of burn you house down with you in it . this be professional baseball player . you just do it . " Peter , I need to let you go . Jack 's office will handle the paperwork . " 79 . 79 . peter that 's it ? billy would you rather get one bullet in the head or five in the chest and bleed to death ? peter that be my only choice ? billy go on the road with the team . CUT to : 67 int . airplane - in flight - night 67 Jeremy giambi discreetly mix a highball from a cache of hotel minibar liquor bottle as he watch he favorite movie on a portable dvd player , the Natural . david justice be sit next to peter , who scroll down stat on he laptop . david how come you boss do not travel with the team ? peter he do not like to mingle with the player . david make we easier to cut ? peter do not say anything ... david he 's gonna make some move if we keep lose . peter give a small " yeah " shrug ... david how come soda cost a dollar in the clubhouse ? peter billy like to keep the money on the field . david soda money ? 80 . 80 . peter do not say anything ... david where on the field be the dollar I pay for soda ? peter ( beat ) it 's hard to see . david ( shaking he head ) alright . 68 int . weight room - night 68 billy watch the t.v. on tv - pena take he place at first . tv announcer V / o the a 's begin they first road trip of the season have drop 7 of they first 11 game at home and they schedule do not get any easier from here . if there 's a bright spot it 's rookie first baseman carlos pena . billy turn off the t.v. , get beeper update as he work out . 69 int . billy truck - day 69 billy drive . voice V / o with the a 's get off to a miserable start / 13 of they last 20 / 17 of they last 25 /etc ... 70 int . oakland airport - day 70 billy 's wait for someone . he's watching the a's game by the gate . a passenger , also watch the game , recognize billy . passenger hey , be not you billy beane ? billy yeah . passenger should not you be at the game ? 81 . 81 . billy nope . casey emerge from the gate , see she father before he see she and run to he . they hug . casey hey , dad . billy hey , honey ... I be glad to see you . CUT to : 71 int . billy / peter' office - day 71 billy and peter be throw a ball through they office door on either side of the hallway -- peter it 's not a big enough sample yet . I want to wait until we play more game . 72 int . billy office - day 72 billy watch the game from the office t.v. he see -- 73 ext . oakland coliseum - day - archival video 73 david justice grounds into a double play to end the game . tv announcer and justice hit into the 6 - 4 - 3 double play to end the game ... the indian trot on the field to high - five each other . 74 omitted 74 a75 int . billy house - afternoon a75 casey sit at the table as billy scoops ice cream . billy do you want strawberry or vanilla ? casey both . billy do not tell you mother . ( then ) if you could only have one ice cream for the rest of you life , which would you choose ? 82. 82. casey vanilla . definitely vanilla . billy interesting . chocolate sauce ? casey yup . a beat . then -- casey dad ... if you could choose between the power of invisibility or flight , which would you choose ? billy Flight . yeah , I would wanna fly . you ? casey I think I would want invisibility . billy really ? why ? casey I do not know . people would not notice I as much . billy why would not you want people to notice you ? casey I do not know . billy well , I guess you could sneak up on people . or eavesdrop on they conversation . you could be a spy . ( then ) so how 's school ? casey my teacher 's kinda mean . she do not like we to ask question . billy what kind of teacher do not let you ask question ? casey I know , right ? Mom be mad , too . she think maybe I should be home school . 83. 83. billy would not you miss you friend ? casey yeah . but the other kid be mean . billy there be always go to be bully . try not to let they get to you . but let I know if it 's become a problem . casey can I ask you a question ? be you still chew tobacco ? billy yeah ... casey please stop . billy I know , it 's terrible . look , I promise I will quit in November if you promise not to worry about it . casey pinkie swear ? billy pinkie swear . 75 int . billy office - day 75 peter theoretically , when we have play more game the number will become more representative of -- billy theoretically ? 76 ext . safeco field - seattle - day 76 the scoreboard show the a 's down by 1 in the 6th . as Art trudge toward the mound to pull he starter , he touch he leave arm . magnante emerge from the pen - and Peter , up in a VIP box , flip open he phone . CUT to : 77 int . oakland airport - day 77 billy be say goodbye to casey . 84 . 84 . billy alright . be good . casey okay . billy 's blackberry chime . he ignore it . billy ( pause ) I feel like -- casey ( pause ) you feel like what ? billy ( beat ) I do not know , do we talk enough this time ? casey about what ? billy anything . do we talk about the thing you want to talk about , do we have fun ? casey ( pause ) yeah !? billy okay . casey I love you , dad . billy you be do it right now . casey what ? billy you be worry about I . casey sorry . billy do I look like I be worried ? casey yeah . 85 . 85 . billy ` Cause you be get on a airplane and that thing crash all the time . will you please stop worry about you father ? you be a kid , I can not have it . casey okay . can I worry about the airplane now though ? billy absolutely . a flight attendant approach -- flight attendant we be all set . billy great . there 's a slightly awkward moment and casey be not sure whether she 's suppose to hug she father again and so they do a sort of half - hug . billy I love you . billy watch she go off with the attendant , feel like it be a unsatisfy visit . he look at he blackberry -- 3 - 2 . magnante in . billy ( shout ) no ! why be he in there ?! everyone in the area stop to look at the madman . billy ( to the people look at he ) no no . I be alright . 78 ext . track - morning 78 billy run the warning track with a small radio that he turn on long enough to follow what 's happen , and switch it off again . over the follow , we hear a cacophony of radio and tv voice tumble into each other -- 86 . 86 . 79 the standing on peter' computer : 79 the a 's have fall to 19 - 25 . 80 ext . yankee stadium - night 80 magnate give up a save - blow hit while bradford sit in the bullpen ... 81 ext . jacob be field - cleveland - day 81 a oakland a hit into a double - play , strike out , catch steal , pick off first , a lop-side scoreboard , half - empty stand -- a82 ext . oakland coliseum - night a82 the parking lot be a vast , empty black sea with just two pin-point of move light . headlights . billy drive around the lot like a downhill skier with nothing in he way -- he daughter 's mix - tape play . 82 ext . edison field - anaheim , CA - night 82 Jeremy line a single to right , but be so slow he 's almost throw out at first . Art howe glance at he bench coach , Ken macha . announcer Art howe be the only manager in baseball who have to think about pinch run he leadoff hitter . down in the Visitors ' pen , Chad sit with Mike magnante . magnante why do you do it ? chad I can not not do it . magnante how do you do it ? every ball park 's different . chad I take that into account and adjust the distance of my step . magnante exactly seventy - four , from the pen to the mound . ( more ) 87 . 87 . magnante ( cont 'd ) ( bradford nods ) you should get that look at , man . CUT to : 83 ext . safeco field - night 83 the team in the dugout , hang they head during a blowout and CUT to : 84 int . club house - night 84 Peter erase the percentage of game leave they need to win and write in a higher number and CUT to : 85 int . billy truck - day 85 he 's listen to the radio . reporter V / o -- after Sunday 's 11 - 0 rout . now , have drop 13 of 16 , the a 's be a game away from be sweep at home by the al East last place Baltimore oriole . CUT to : 86 aerial shot 86 as we follow billy 's truck from oakland over the Bay Bridge into San Francisco . CUT to : 87 int . schott' office - day 87 billy Steve . schott billy . billy you remember Peter . schott Peter . guy , give I some idea of what 's go on out there . 88. 88. billy listen , it 's a team of probability , and we be gonna need 162 game to tell that tale in a nascent form . it 's phase one , we be evolve and we feel confident where we be head . schott billy - billy we be not scared . schott 3 out of 17 game . 3 . we be get crucify in the press . what make you think this be gonna turn around ? billy because I believe in what we be do . I believe the number . I believe the record do not accurately reflect the team and where we be go to be at the end of the season . Peter and I feel very strongly that we need to stick to the game plan , and you can tell you partner to start book they ticket to the playoff . schott billy , look , you have get guy who be nearly crippled , who could not get hire as a usher in a ballpark now play on the team . give I something I can go back to this guy with and feel like I have the confidence that you be gonna turn this thing around . billy with all due respect you ask I to build a team with shoelace and gum wrapper and we have do it . schott you have not do it yet billy . billy and it will pay off . stick with we . suffer the blow . listen , life with no money mean we be gonna have to suffer a few embarrassment along the way , but we be okay in the end . schott billy , there 's a lot of money at stake here . ( more ) 89 . 89 . schott ( cont 'd ) and a lot of people with vested interest in see this be successful . I have give you a lot of flexibility . when be we gonna start to see a change in this result ? Schott sit back at he desk . schott give I a date , give I a time frame . billy ( to peter ) where do we expect to be mid July all Star break ? peter we goal and we expectation by the all Star break be to be within seven game of first place . billy that will keep we in the hunt . peter and that would be this work exceptionally well . schott 7 within 500 . by July . and what 's go to keep we from get there ? billy nothing Steve . schott nothing . we be 3 for 17 right now . you have get to be able to give I a little bit more to go back to my partner with . billy listen , you hire I to do this job and that 's where we be go to be . schott that 's not good enough . billy well , let 's go buy Barry bond , then . this be the team we have get and this be the team we will win with . 90 . 90 . schott billy , put yourself in my shoe . what do you imagine be go to happen if thing do not turn around ? billy it 's very clear , Steve . if I put myself in you shoe , I would spend another 20 million on the team . schott we do not have another 20 million billy I be just kid , Steve , I be just kid . we have get the team . schott I gotta be honest with you , billy , I wish you have a little more worry and a little more fear . because thing be not go in we direction right now . billy 162 game Steve . schott let 's hope the next 30 be better than the last 30 . billy I do not need to hope . schott all right fella . let 's go try and win one . we be in May , we have get till July . 88 ext . oakland coliseum - day 88 the a 's take bat practice . legend : May 23 , 2002 89 int . oakland coliseum - day 89 art , as he always do , be watch not from the railing but from the bench . billy walk into the dugout without say hello . billy we be not gonna lose three at home to the oriole . ( more ) 91 . 91 . billy ( cont 'd ) I want Dye in right , justice dh -ing , pena on the bench , hatteberg at first and anyone but magnante first out of the pen . art you want pena on the bench ? billy that 's right . so that you can play hatteberg . art hatte - as oppose to the guy who 's go to win rookie of the Year . billy no , hatte - as oppose to the guy who get on base less . pena get vote rookie of the Year and the a 's make the playoff be two entirely different -- art pena 's not just the best first baseman on the roster , he 's the only first baseman on the roster and the most valuable member on this team . billy not accord to , what do you call `em , fact . art hatteberg -- billy listen to I -- get on base more than pena. 25 % more . art he field -- billy his field do not matter . art it do matter and pena only have one error in 70 game . billy not only be that number statistically insignificant but it 's also subjective . it measure what someone do against what someone else think they be suppose to do . 92 . 92 . art part of the conversation ? I have hear enough of the conversation and I disagree with you , plain and simple . moreover , I strongly believe that you be in the middle of experience some sort of personal crisis and you seem indifferent to the fact that you be take a whole organization down with you . I be play my team in a way I can explain in job interview this winter . some as player arrive in the dugout , cause billy to hold he tongue . he simply say - billy hatte , not pena . 90 int . weight room - night 90 the game play silently on the tv as billy lift weight . not want to watch but not be able not to , he look at the screen to see pena trot out to first base ... 91 ext . oakland coliseum - later - night 91 the oriole ' bench clear to high - five the player come off the field . the game be over , and , obviously , they have win . the a 's exit they dugout to the tunnel . 92 int . arta office - later - night 92 as Art cross to he office , he see billy wait inside it with a towel around he neck . he hesitates , then go in and we follow he . billy say nothing , but he silence be worse . Art have to break it - art it 's just one game . billy that 's the point , you think ? art the point be always tomorrow 's game . billy no , the point - as you say - be to win . I do not like share the cellar with Texas , do you ? we hear funk music begin to play in the distance . 93. 93. art I be do the best I can with what I have get . I be play the player I have get . billy I be through talk . 93 int . club house locker room - night 93 billy let himself out and walk down the hall to the locker room - regards Jeremy giambi - jeremy yeah ! he 's not even aware of billy . it 's just like any other night as far as Jeremy giambi be concerned . he dance to a CD of funk music as he dress , until he become aware of billy stand there , and smile , he kill the music . jeremy ( nervous laugh ) what ? billy get sweep by the Red Sox at home . have Long lead off the ninth with a triple in a one - run game and not be able to score a runner from first with nobody out , be that fun ? jeremy no . billy then what the fuck be you have fun for ?! ( calmly ) this be what lose sound like . he head out . 94 omitted 94 95 int . billy truck - night 95 peter V / o ... point 3 - 5 below the al average field which be not bad . ( beat ) billy ? 94 . 94 . billy yeah ? CUT to : 96 peter in the video room - same time 96 Peter rattles off player stat . peter Cruz -- .283 , .347 , .476 . Stevens -- .244 , .349 , .560 . miner -- .272 , .349 , .499 . hanson -- .280 , .363 , .450 . baretta -- .273 , .354 , .497 . durazo -- .292 , .395 , .621 . what do you think ? ( then ) billy ? billy ( v.o. ) ( beat ) I do not know where I be . peter you okay ? billy ( v.o. ) I miss my exit . CUT to : a97 int . billy truck - night a97 billy take the next off ramp and as light flare on the windshield , we transition to another time , young billy drive -- b97 int . car - moving - night - 1989 b97 billy and he wife drive home from a game in silence , they infant daughter casey asleep in a car seat in back . Sharon regards billy 's hand , clutch too tightly to the steering wheel . sharon have you think about what you might do if baseball do not work out ? billy ( pause ) what ? sharon that be too abrupt . 95 . 95 . billy no . ( pause ) what ? sharon ( beat ) if baseball do not work out . have you think about what you might do ? billy ( beat ) the game 's only be over for three hour , I have not have that much time to think about it . sharon sure . ( beat ) maybe real estate . billy I will be honest , if I do not make it in baseball I do not think I be go to be able to afford much real estate . sharon I meant -- billy I know what you mean . sharon ( pause ) it 's just a slump , right ? billy ( beat ) no . sharon you be say every scout be wrong ? billy you be kind of say it too . sharon billy -- billy honey ... do not you think you should divorce I now while you be young ? sharon look at he ... then she eye go to the window . 96 . 96 . commentator ( prelap ) when a science experiment fail in a lab , thing blow up . 97 omitted 97 in black : problem be the price you pay for progress . - branch rickey 98 int . oakland coliseum - corridor - day 98 billy shove a wad of Copenhagen under he lip as he and Peter walk - and-talk . billy get I Wade . peter why . billy get he . peter why . billy get he . a99 int . billy office - day a99 billy 's seat at he desk . Peter reluctantly dial a number from a list , the number across from the philly ' GM 's name . it connect on the speaker . WADE V / o hello ? billy ed. billy . I need some help on defense and I be willing to trade Jeremy giambi for it . peter no , you ( be not ) - billy ( ignore Peter ; to WADE ) who you get ? 97 . 97 . WADE V / o let I think . peter what be you do ? Jeremy 's do ( great ) - billy Cleaning house . WADE V / o maybe ? billy maybe what ? WADE V / o no. mabry . billy hang on . ( put the call on hold ) mabry ? peter I do not know . billy yes , you do . peter run hot and cold , billy . impossible to know what we be go to get . he 's a crap shoot . he 's exactly the kind of player we be not look for . billy ( into the phone ) he will be fine , ed. WADE V / o why do I get the feel you be pick my pocket ? billy I be not pick you pocket , you be pick mine . giambi 's name alone be worth more than mabry . WADE V / o you realize - 98 . 98 . billy ( into phone ) I do . his career be stagnant , to put it nicely . can we say it 's do in theory and start draw up paperwork ? WADE V / o okay . but - billy great . he hang up . peter I think he be go to say something else . billy peter. rule number 3 : when you get the answer you be look for - hang up . that 's do , and in a minute pena 's go to Detroit . peter I do not think you want to do that . billy Art can not put he at first if he 's play for the Tigers and I want hatte in the lineup tonight . peter maybe you should think about this . you be upset and this be - this - billy what be I miss ? peter it 's just a very hard move to explain . people be go to think you have lose you mind . billy why 's that a problem Peter ? beat . peter do not make a emotional decision billy . suzanne David dombrowski 's on 3. 99 . 99 . billy pick up the call . billy ( to peter ) sometimes you have to shake it up . ( into phone ) David , peña 's go on the block , you be my first call ... because he 's make the rest of the team look bad ... he 's go to be rookie of the year ... peter ( not eager to help but ... ) probably a all star . billy he 's a all star Dave ... ( wink at Peter , listen ) it 's more like he 's create self - esteem problem for the other guy ... no , I be look for a reliever and some cash ... ok ... five minute Dave , I be not wait . ( hang up ) what 's the problem ? peter ( try to slow it down ) billy , peña be a all star . if you dump he , and if hatte do not work out , you know , this be the kind of decision that get you fire . billy why you worry about my job ? ( beat ) you worried about my job or yours ? peter ( beat ) I be worried about yours . billy well you should be worry about yours because if this thing we be do do not work ... neither of we have job . peter that 's probably true . 100 . 100 . billy in which case I be a 44 year old guy with a high -school diploma and a daughter who I would like to be able to put through college one day . ( let it sink in ) you be 25 year old with a degree from Yale and a pretty impressive apprenticeship . ( beat ) I do not think we be ask the right question . I think the question we be suppose to be ask now be , do you believe in what we be do or not ? ( beat ) it 's a problem that you think we need to explain ourselves . do not ... to anyone . I be go to see this through , for better or for worse . just tell I , do you project we will win more game with peña or hatteberg on first ? peter it 's close billy but theoretically hatteberg . billy what be we talk about then ? the phone ring . billy Dave . ( listen ) that work . great . there 's just one more thing I need . I do not want the guy pay for soda -- I want you to stock my soda machine for three year . uh huh , uh huh , great ... then that 's a deal . billy hang up . he stare at Peter . peter that be thoughtful . billy yeah . okay . you gotta tell pena to pack . peter you want I to tell pena he 's be trade ? billy be a man . 101 . 101 . peter what about Jeremy ? be I tell he , too . billy no. I will do that . b99 int . locker room b99 Peter walk into the locker room . see pena talk to a couple of other player . he approach pena . peter hey , carlos . pena yeah . peter can I get a moment with you ? pena sure . peter okay , maybe we can talk over here . they walk awkwardly to the player ' lounge . peter have a seat . they sit . peter so , um , carlos , you have be trade to the Tigers . this be the number of jay palmer , they travel secretary . he 's expect you call . he will help you arrange travel to Detroit . pena sit and stare at he . it 's excruciate for Peter , awkward , until -- pena be that all ? peter yeah . pena cool . pena just take it . pick up the number and leave . 102 . 102 . 99 int . arta office - later - day 99 billy knock and let himself in . billy mind if I have a seat . art please . billy you can not start pena at first tonight , you will have to start hatteberg . art I do not want to go 15 round , billy , the line - up card be mine and that 's all . billy the line - up card be definitely yours , I be just say you can not start pena at first . art I be start pena at first . billy I do not think so , he play for the Detroit Tigers now . art ( pause ) you trade pena ?! billy along with german , hiljus and Jeremy giambi . art you be outside you fuck mind . Art stare at he in a silence break by Jeremy giambi knock on the open door . billy Jeremy , come on in . billy jot a phone number on a a 's Post - it and hand it to he . billy this be Ed Wade 's number . you know he ? Art look sick . 103 . 103 . jeremy no . billy philly General manager . Real nice guy . give he a call - he 's expect it - say hello - then talk to futterman about arrange a flight for you . jeremy the what ? billy the flight . to Philadelphia . billy get up and shake he hand . billy it 's be a real pleasure , Jeremy . I mean that . you be a great ballplayer and great guy . Jeremy , not sure he hear right , look at the Post - it in he hand as billy escort he to the door . billy we be go to miss you . Jeremy leave . billy look at Art from the door . billy adkin be go , too . art you be kill this team . billy Art ? I can do this all day long . he leave . Art notice Peter , who have be lurking by the door , eavesdropp . art what be you look at ? peter I be not look at anything . art you go along with this ? you agree with this bullshit ? peter ( beat ) a hundred percent . 104 . 104 . a100 int . locker room - day a100 pena clean out he locker . several player stop by to say goodbye . tejada -- tejada keep you head up , okay ? it 's part of the business . you be gonna be a great player , okay ? pena thank you , man . tejada do not let this bother you at all . Chad Bradford -- chad Nice to meet you , brother . take care and ... God bless you , man . pena thank you . Scott hatteberg -- hatteberg you be the best first baseman here . it 's not right , carlos . pena thank you , hattie . hatteberg yeah . 100 int . locker room - day 100 billy and peter stride through as the team be get dress for bat practice . the place quiet down as billy come in . they have all hear the news and they have never experience a move like this in they career . billy ( calling out ) scottie h.! scott yes sir . billy go out and field some grounder . 105 . 105 . billy look around at the player , who be look at billy ... billy everybody , listen up . you may not look like a win ball team . in fact , you look nothing like a win ball team . but you be one . so play like one tonight . you will get further instruction tomorrow . CUT to : 101 ext . the field - night ( hybrid ) 101 david justice hit a single up the middle as the runner on 2nd and 3rd round the basis to score . 102 int . weight room - same time 102 billy 's blackberry buzze . " sngl up the mol - - 2 rn scr " billy okay . a103 int . weight room - night a103 billy talk to Chavez and Ellis . Peter stand nearby . billy no more bunt . chavez no more bunt ? billy a bunt be a out . you be pay to avoid out , not make they . chavez a bunt be not a out . it 's a sacrifice . billy a bunt be for pitcher and weak hitter . you be not a pitcher , chavvie , so what be you say ? ( then ) until the third out , anything can happen . after the third out , it 's over . you gotta protect you out like they be you child . every out 's precious , do not give `em away . ( then ) ( more ) 106 . 106 . billy ( cont 'd ) another thing -- you should see more pitch . we wanna get into they bullpen . deep into they bullpen . we want to see 100 pitch by the end of the 5th inning . you wanna get you at - bat off they 10th and 11th pitcher . ellis you want we to walk more . how much more ? billy Pete ? peter at least once every ten at bat . ellis or ...? billy Triple-A Sacramento 's only 80 mile away . and there 's no flight . ( as they look to peter ) do not look at he . here 's the deal . I be not interested in what you think you know about baseball , or what you think I do not know about it . I be not interested in gut or heart or determination or anything else the fan or you mother love about you . I be interested in you get on base . if you do that , we win . if you do not , we lose . and I hate to lose . I hate to lose more than I need to win . there 's a difference . b103 int . video room - day b103 billy and Peter give advice to Dye and byrne . peter every at bat be like a hand of blackjack . every card that 's deal , you odd completely change . for instance , every first pitch strike , you bat average go down about 75 point . billy 75 point . peter 75 point . every first pitch ball , it go up about the same amount . so you gotta lay off the first pitch . 107 . 107 . byrne first pitch curveball or first pitch fastball ? peter first pitch period . when you swing at the first pitch you be bat .140 . billy we want to see more pitch . dye how many pitch ? peter every starter , we want to see 100 pitch by the 5th inning . dye so ... 5 , 6 pitch per at bat ? peter yeah . I mean , hatteberg drain 38 pitch . billy and byrnsie , you be hackin ' at everything . you be all squirrely out there . wait for you pitch , man . this be a war of attrition . there 's no clock on this thing . wait `em out . let they make the mistake . and when you enemy 's make mistake -- do not interrupt they . c103 int . weight room - day c103 Peter advise Durham as he work out . peter basically , this be all you at bat . this be you versus righties , you versus lefty ... and then , of course , all you count knowledge , okay ? in a 0 - 0 count you be bat .290 . in a 0 - 1 you average .238 . in a 0 - 2 , .159 . when you be 1 - 0 , you be bat .324 . understand what I be say ? durham not really . peter I know , it 's a lot of math . when you first pitch be a strike , you bat average go down about 70 point . ( more ) 108 . 108 . peter ( cont 'd ) when it 's a ball , it go up about 30 . if you draw a ball on you first pitch , you be unstoppable . if you strike on the first pitch , you might as well be jump off cliff . I be try to get you to lay off the first pitch . durham but I be a first pitch hitter . I like to swing at fastball . peter and that 's the way you have be train . but it 's a habit we would like to break you from . we be try to design the game to you strength . this have nothing to do with you be a great hitter -- you be a great hitter . we just want to get you on base . durham but if I get my pitch , I be gonna swing at it , no matter what the count be . peter I be not worried about you crush the ball out of the park . I just want you to lay off anything that will result in a strike . durham I guess I will have to watch some film and take a look at it . peter absolutely . the video room be open to you any time , I be always available . 103 int . a's locker room - night 103 billy and peter with a group of player around the card table , post -game . peter -- but seriously . make he use up all he bullet . billy yeah , make he work . hatteberg so ... Mr. beane ? billy billy 's fine . 109 . 109 . hatteberg billy -- billy Nah , make it Mr. beane . hatteberg Mr. beane -- billy I be screwin ' with you , haddie . hatteberg so we just do not steal ? billy that 's right . long that 's what I do . that 's what you pay I to do . billy no , I pay you to get on first , not get throw out at second . long I do not get throw out much . billy I do not hit on 17 at the blackjack table , but if I do , the odd would be the same . peter you have actually get catch 6 out of 17 try this season . long I get 11 of 17 . that 's not bad . billy you just hand they a out . protect you out like they be you child . there 's no clock on this game . until the third out , anything can happen . get on base and let the next guy move you up . pass the torch , pass the torch . we be like a machine . a run make machine . a104 int . locker room - kitchen - day a104 as justice and hatteberg prepare food -- justice what 's you biggest fear ? 110 . 110 . scott a baseball be hit in my general direction . justice that 's funny . ( then ) no , seriously . scott seriously . 104 int . oakland coliseum batting cage - day 104 billy hey , Dave . I have be think ... I want you to -- justice you gonna teach I something ? billy Excuse I ? justice I have never see a GM talk to player . billy you have never see a GM who be a player . justice huh . billy be there a problem ? justice it 's okay , man . I know you routine . it 's a patter , it 's rap , it 's for effect . that 's okay . but it 's for they , it 's not for I . billy you be special ? justice you be pay I 7 million buck so I guess I be a little . billy as a matter of fact I be not pay you 7 million buck , David . the yankee be pay half you salary . that 's what the New York yankee think of you . ( more ) 111 . 111 . billy ( cont 'd ) they be pay you three and a half million dollar to play against they . if this be news to justice , he do not show it . justice where be you go with this , billy ? billy you be almost 37 , Dave . almost as old as I . let 's be honest with each other about what we each want . I want to milk the last ounce of baseball you have leave in you , and you want to stay in the show . so let 's do that . I be not pay you to be the player you use to be , I be pay you to be the player you be now . you be smart , you know what 's go on here . I need you to set a example for the young guy . take a leadership role . justice just study he ... then nod . billy we be cool ? justice we be cool . billy all right . billy start to leave , but have one last think for he -- billy you know -- the yankee be come to town . if it be I -- I would want to take that three point five and shove it up they ass . but I be a competitor . billy exit . justice call after he -- justice you know , I get a couple World Series ring . I think I be a pretty good competitor , too . billy ( calling back ) you want another one ? CUT to : 112 . 112 . 105 ext . oakland coliseum field - night 105 david justice take ball four from a yank pitcher , toss he bat to the side and trot down to first base . CUT to : 106 ext . oakland coliseum field - night 106 tejada be on first and take a big lead toward second . he want to steal it bad . announcer ( vo ) tejada take a big lead off first , eyeing the steal -- 107 int . clubhouse manager' office - night 107 billy watch with two or three team employees . billy do not do it , mig . 108 ext . field - night 108 and crack --a base hit send tejada to 3rd . 109 int . clubhouse manager' office - night 109 billy 's blackberry buzze : sngl to lft . frst and thrd -- nobody out . billy thank you . 110 ext . airplane - in flight 110 the wheel of the team jet lift off -- 111 int . billy office - night 111 the tv be on as billy and peter work , seem more and more like mad scientist who be get closer and closer to split the atom . greg papa or ray fosse ( tv ) what be happen in oakland ?!! the a 's have win seven in a row and 15 of they last 19 . you get to hand it to Art howe . he 's manage this unorthodox team in a unorthodox way . they be not bunt . they be not steal . they be just win . and Art howe be the reason . 113. 113. peter do you hear that ? billy I hear 7 in a row . billy click off the tv and it 's very quiet . billy be scrolling down number that show trend and comparison of all of the a 's relief pitching . billy can you show I righty - lefty matchup for the division and overall versus mariner ? Peter reach over and with a few click produce new column of number , upon which billy dart he eye as he scroll through they . finally - billy okay . he get up and head out . a112 int . locker room - afternoon a112 billy walk through the clubhouse , shouting locker room shoutout to player as he walk by . billy voo . voos billy . billy ( point back down hall ) that smell be get worse . voos I be on it , billy . billy ( to hernandez ) what be we do tonight ? hernandez split the plate in half . billy both side . ( to Hudson , play card ) huddy , you gotta mix it up tonight . trust you slider . 114 . 114 . hudson yes sir . billy ( to the other ) you guy stop distracting he . ( to chavez ) chavvie -- you could not hit that shit with a boat paddle last night . you gotta see more pitch . patience . chavez you get it , billy . as billy cross through the weight room -- billy ( to justice ) hey David -- justice hey , man . billy great at bat . really . quality . justice thank you . 112 int . arta office - continuous 112 billy knock on Art 's door -- something we have not see he do before . art can see billy through the window blind and be a little surprised at the courtesy of a knock . art come in . billy do . he 's go to try to do this nicely . billy how be ya ? art good . you knock . billy I do , and I hope you take it as a show of respect . art we will see . 115 . 115 . billy you look good . art we have win 7 in a row , what be I do wrong now ? billy absolutely nothing . art good . billy but . art yeah . billy magnante 's have some head problem . art head problem . billy yeah . art okay . billy he 's 37 and he 's get three blow save in two week . everytime he wind up he 's think he 's about to throw the last pitch of he life . so he grip it a little hard . art I appreciate this . billy sure . art but I know my bullpen . billy yes you do . yes you absolutely do . no question about it . except not really . art yeah ? 116 . 116 . billy if we have a lead late in the game and they have runner on base , I would rather not see magnante out of the bullpen . art I will make that decision when the time come . billy that 's what you should do . Baseball 's a game of situation and you should make the decision when the time come . except you should make it now . art look -- billy do not bring magnante out if we have gotta hold a late lead with runner on . he 's 37 , he 's scared shitless of be the guy who blow this win streak . art you think a lot of yourself , do not you ? billy I ...... think the regular amount of myself . magnante on the other hand , he do not think very much of himself at all , and when he tighten up we have get ourselves a adventure . so I would like to see Chad Bradford out of the pen tonight when we be in , let 's say , just to make it easier for you , any situation . righty / lefty , two out , no out , the umpire have decide we be go to finish the game by play dart , whatever . Bradford 's the first guy out of the pen . ( beat ) okay ? art regards billy for a moment ... art I could have coach you up , you know . billy I do not think so . art you think you go as far as you could have ? 117 . 117 . billy ( pause ) yeah , that 's what I mean . play Bradford . billy step out of Art 's office into -- 113 int . weight room - later - night 113 the game play on tv as billy bench press . the a 's be up by three run in the ninth inning but the Indians have a runner on first . through the tunnel , billy can hear the crack of the bat and a collective groan from the stand . billy hold the barbell in the air -- freeze - - as he simply look at the t.v. and see the silent image . 114 ext . field - night ( hybrid ) 114 art howe walk to the mound , tapping he leave hand . magnante head to the mound . 115 int . weight room - night 115 we think billy 's go to trash the weight , but he simply return the barbell to the bracket , sit up and watch the silent image . 116 ext . field - night ( hybrid ) 116 magnante mop he brow , squint for the sign , wind up and make he pitch . it miss low for ball four and pedro walk to first . 117 int . weight room - night 117 billy lay back on the bench , breathes , then unmute the t.v. and we hear - announcer ( from tv ) magnante have quickly let two on base for Lee Stevens who 's the go ahead run for the Indians in a game that oakland appear to have put away . and then - billy sit calmly ... wait for it ... and -- crack ! -- billy nod he head at the inevitable . 118. 118. announcer ( from tv ) that ball be deep .... way back ... three run homer for Lee Stevens to put Cleveland ahead in the ninth inning ... billy can hear 40000 people boo they lung out . he take a moment , then grab he jacket . 118 ext . field - night 118 the fan be boo as art make he way to the mound to take magnante out . bradford make he way from the bullpen and take the ball from art . art turn to head back to the dugout but slow as he see a strange sight : billy be stand at the dugout rail . the plate umpire notice and follow Art 's line of sight . he see billy and walk over there ahead of Art . umpire you can not be in there , billy . billy do not move . he just watch art as he come into the dugout . umpire billy ? the player be watch to see what 's go to happen . billy put he hand on art 's shoulder a second as he say - - billy just nod a little bit -- not too much -- like I be assure you you do not just make a calamitous vocational decision . umpire player and coaches only , billy . billy ( ignore the umpire -- still quietly to art ) remember that in about four second -- billy see one of the nearby tv camera pivot over to catch this conversation -- billy -- yeah there it be . we be the lead story on Sports Center now so let I be brief . first of all , that be a awfully costly fuck - you , would not you say ? 119 . 119 . art look -- billy second of all , genius , that boo ? they be for you . drink up . umpire come on , billy . billy get I this game back . as billy pass magnante he pat he back before we -- CUT to : 119 int . billy truck - night 119 the radio be on and the announcer be tell we -- announcer ( from radio ) ... after give up the lead on a three run homer off magnante , the a 's come right back to win it in the bottom of the ninth with another three run homer by miguel tejada . and the a 's have win eight in a row ! aa120 omitted aa120 a120 ext . oakland coliseum - day a120 as the early - bird fanatics arrive - player arrive at the player ' entrance - b120 int . locker room - coliseum - day b120 magnante walk into the a 's locker room . c120 omitted c120 d120 int . locker room - coliseum - same time - day d120 billy , stand at the door , survey the room , he eye move from player to player as they be hang up they street clothes . the team 's equipment manager , pour himself a cup of coffee , glance over - voos you want one , billy ? billy I be good , voo . thanks . 120 . 120 . voo wander off . billy keep look at the player ... legend : July 31 - trade deadline e120 int . scout room - moment later - day e120 billy come in stick some tobacco under he lip and , like a shark that know it could die if it stop move , do not through the entire scene -- billy Suzanne , get Shapiro on the phone . peter be you think rincon ? billy yeah , he 's lose faith for the season . I think he 's gonna dump he . peter hardcore . they wait as Suzanne dial the Indians ' GM , stare at the speakerphone that sit like a little island in the middle of the conference table . suzanne Shapiro on two . billy mark. billy . let 's be honest . a premiere setup man be not go to get you any closer to the playoff . shapiro V / o be you refer to rincon ? billy he 's a luxury you can not afford . shapiro V / o and you can ? there 's half a million on he contract and at least one other suitor . billy by at least one , you mean one ? who be it ? shapiro V / o I would rather not say . 121. 121. peter ( whisper ) San Francisco . billy I will call you back . he hang up . stare down Peter . peter what do you think we can get for magnante ? billy nothing . ( continue to stare down peter ) what 's leave on venafro 's contract ? peter two-seventy -five . billy Suzanne -- get I sabean . ( then ) if we can get San Francisco interested in venafro , Shapiro 's only get one buyer for rincon . peter us. Pete get busy on he computer . suzanne on three . billy sabe . billy . you like venafro . I can let you have he for almost nothing . sabean V / o ( smell a rat ) why would you do that , billy ? billy because I be amazing . sabean V / o uh-huh . billy all I want be a couple of buck and a sweetener . throw in , say ... 122. 122. billy snap he finger at Peter -- peter Anderson . billy Anderson . sabean V / o I like Anderson . billy no , you do not . I do not even like he . I do not know why I be do this -- but let 's do it anyway . venafro for michaelson ? peter Anderson . billy Anderson . see , I do not even know he name . sabean V / o I will think ( about ) -- billy think about it and call I back . he hang up . billy get Shapiro back on . billy and Pete stare at each other in silence . suzanne two ! billy MARK -- shapiro V / o you can not afford he , billy . billy you sure about that ? I get the impression the market for rincon be soften . I could be wrong . call whoever 's interested and make sure they be still interested . and call I back . he hang up . 123. 123. billy what about the Met for venafro ? peter you just offer he to the Giants . billy Suzanne -- Steve Phillips ! get I Steve Phillips . Pete work he computer . billy between bond , nen , Kent and snow , they be never gonna do it . peter totally agree . billy we just need they to cool on rincon . suzanne Phillips on two . billy Steve - o. billy . I hear you be look for a left-handed reliever . what do you think of venafro ? I can make it quick and easy for you . phillip V / o what 's the angle ? billy no angle . phillip V / o who be I get fleece for ? billy hang on a second . he put he on hold . Peter be already scrolling through the Met ' farm system , he eye darting around the stat . peter bennett maybe ? billy how old ? peter twenty-six . 124 . 124 . billy twenty -six and in double -a ? forget it . peter Duncan ? no. cerda ? no. furbush ? billy furbush ? ( beat ) no . peter eckerton ? eckerton . eckerton , that 's the guy . billy punch the phone off hold . billy eckerton . phillip V / o eckerton ? I like eckerton . billy you do not even know who eckerton be . the phone on Pete 's desk ring . Peter answer a second blink line . peter hello ? phillip V / o be venafro hurt ? peter oh , hi. billy no , he 's not hurt . he 's fine . this be just a situation for we . peter it 's Steve . phillip V / o last couple of time out , he get hammer . billy ( mute ) I be on with Steve . ( unmute ) not he fault . we misus he . 125 . 125 . peter Steve Schott . billy tell he to hold . ( to Steve Phillips ) look. Steve . here 's the deal . I be be straight with you . I be get rincon . it 's a do deal . it 's do . phillip V / o I hear the Giants -- billy no , the Giants want venafro . and I tell they they can have he for michaelson ... peter anderson -- billy -- but I would rather deal with you . because you can give I eckerton and two hundred and twenty - five thousand cash and the Giants can not . billy 's look to Peter say , do not hurt to ask . as they listen to silence on Phillips ' side of the call -- peter yes , I understand it 's impolite to keep you hold . phillip V / o I will think about it . billy of course . think . but whoever call I back first get venafro . he hang up . look for the blink light that belong to he owner . peter he hang up . silence . then -- billy if you could have the power of flight or invisibility , which would you choose ? peter what ? 126 . 126 . billy invisibility or flight ? peter ( thinks ) invisibility . billy that 's what casey say . why ? peter you would have total access . besides , everyone else would choose flight . quiet . billy why be not anybody call ? the phone ring . suzanne Shapiro 's on two . billy pick up . listen . fist pump . billy great . lemme talk to my owner . call you right back . ( then ) get Steve . peter Phillips or Schott ? billy why would I call Phillips back ? Schott . tell he I be on the other line . peter right . Peter dial . billy can not sit . peter Mr. Schott , it 's Peter brand . sorry I leave you on hold . billy ask I to call you back . he 's on another line . billy tell he we need two hundred and twenty - five grand for rincon . 127 . 127 . peter billy say he need two hundred and twenty - five thousand dollar for ricardo rincon . please ? ( then ) yes , I add the please . ( listen ; to billy ) no . billy think intensely . finally -- billy tell he I will pay it , but when I sell he next year for twice that , I keep the money . peter billy say he will pay for rincon himself , sell he next year , and keep the profit . Peter listen to whatever Steve Schott be say , then -- peter okay . thank you . ( hang up ) he say he will pay for rincon . High five . billy great ! shit . what be we forget ? ( calling out ) get I Shapiro ! -- as he grab he cell phone and hit speed dial . billy wait , never mind ! ( beat , then into phone ) Mark . yeah , it 's billy . here 's the deal . I do not want rincon pitching against I tonight . tell he to change he clothes . I get you the money and I accept you gratitude . it 's do . he hang up . fist bump . billy we gotta let someone go . it 's mag . it 's gotta be mag . peter I call not it . 128. 128. billy dial a extension . billy art. billy . the good news be ricardo rincon 's head over to the clubhouse . the bad news be you get to tell mag he throw he last pitch for the oakland a 's last night . art V / o no . billy what do you mean , no . art V / o no , as in no . I be not do it . you do it . you do it , so you do it . Art hang up . billy slam the speakerphone . peter it 's not the phone 's fault . Suzanne , we be gonna need a new speakerphone . billy we gotta catch mag before rincon come over . he leave . f120 int . a's locker room - 20 minute later f120 billy come through the clubhouse past he team suite up to where magnante be adjust he knee brace next to he locker , and sit with he . billy mike -- magnante hey , billy . I know I have be struggle lately . but we be come into the home stretch , and I promise I be gonna turn it around -- billy -- I need you to stop get dress . magnante be not sure he hear right , but the silence tell he he do . eventually - magnante traded ? 129 . 129 . billy shake he head , no . billy I be sorry for the crap news . I know it hurt . ( then ) Mike . I can not have 26 guy in the clubhouse . magnante nod . magnante alright . billy thanks . billy get up to leave . as he exit , he see Peter enter with rincon , stand with he new uniform in he arm , look like a prison inmate . oops . billy join they . billy hey , ricardo . rincon hola , senor . billy hola . hey , I know this must seem a bit sudden , but the oakland a 's have be try to get you for a long time . you be gonna love it here . the guy be fun . peter muy divertido . rincon I pitch tonight ? billy I do not know if you be gonna pitch tonight . but you be on we team tonight . rincon I no wanna pitch tonight . billy right . so ... where you from ? rincon veracruz , Mexico . 130 . 130 . billy well , you be a lot closer to home . why do not you hang out there for five menudo and we will get you a uniform and everything . ( to side room ) hey guy , clear the room , huh ? say hi to ricardo rincon . as the other player file out and say hello ... CUT to : g120 int . restaurant - night g120 billy , tara and casey at dinner . billy tara and I be think -- casey dad ... tara and I -- tara she be correct . billy tara and I be think about go to Point reye to the beach . casey that would be fun . tara I go , too ? billy and I will work on my grammar . casey ( beat , then ) dad ... be you go to lose you job ? billy what ? where do you hear that , honey ? casey the internet . billy no , I be not go to lose my job . do not go on the internet or watch tv or read the papers or talk to people . 131 . 131 . casey I be not talk to people , I be just read stuff . billy do not worry . you do not believe I ? ask tara . tara he 's not ( lose he job ) . you dad be a brilliant man . he 's the best GM in baseball . casey but say that you do -- just say -- would you have to move away ? billy no , honey . absolutely not . and even if I do , I be not go anywhere . I tell you not to worry about I . people say a lot of crazy thing and they do not always know what they be talk about . it 's just gossip . like gossiper at school . tara you can not always believe what you read . sometimes you need to scratch underneath the surface and find who the authority be . billy and once you do find out who the authority be , ignore they at all cost . tara you can always ask you dad . billy everything 's fine , honey . I be not go anywhere . the only way I would lose my job be if someone be to give I a better one . do not worry about I , okay ? dad know what he 's do . casey pinkie swear ? billy pinkie swear . 132 . 132 . 120 a graphic 120 of the al West standing over a game be played -- from the start of the season until now -- the team shifting position as the " game - out " and win percentage number change like a add machine , too fast for we to really follow , but then : the calculation abruptly lock and we be give enough time to understand where we -- and oakland - - be after 120 game : al West gb wp Seattle --- .610 Anaheim 2.0 .593 oakland 4.5 .571 Texas 21.5 .427 reporter V / o the a 's begin this road trip on a 10 game win streak , pick up two game on the mariner and the angel , and it should be note this be they longest win streak in six year head into -- a121 ext . oakland coliseum field - day a121 a pitch tracking camera mount in center field . zoom in to the lens ... b121 int . video room - day b121 Peter sit with hatteberg , review he hit on a monitor . peter this be a chart of what you should and should not be swinging at . this circle represent different pitch . Red be hit , blue be out , yellow 's miss or foul , green be chase , white take . this be you versus conway . what do you see ? hatteberg I be chase a lot of high and outside . peter the red be where most hit happen . that 's where you want to be swinging . you do not want to be swinging at the junk at the top of the strike zone . we would rather take that strike , `cause you be not go to hit `em out of the park . and you be good about that , patient . ( more ) 133. 133. peter ( cont 'd ) right now you be average about 4 pitch per at -bat . hatteberg 4 per bat ? peter yeah , and that 's great . one of the reason why we love you . you be drain a pitcher 's pitch . now , guy like bond and Jason giambi average a little over 5 . that 's top tier . do this chart make sense to you ? hatteberg yeah . I will get on base more if I lay off anything high . this be awesome . so you have a breakdown of this from every game ? peter every game . you instinct be in the right place . this be not something they teach you in little league . this be something fundamental we be look for -- how to wear out a pitcher 's arm . if you be about to face conway and wonder what you should and should not swing at , come in here and watch how you be tend . you can click on any one of this pitch and watch it happen . pretty great , right ? hatteberg show I some of the stuff I be chase up high ... time lapse of hundred of at bat register and change modality to produce graph and number . pull out to reveal we be now in c121 int . video room - later c121 Peter and Bradford review footage . 121 int . billy office - day 121 Peter analyze the data with billy as they throw a ball back and forth . peter everybody think the first pitch be what 's most important , but it 's not . it 's the first two out of three pitch that matter the most . ( more ) 134 . 134 . peter ( cont 'd ) the difference between 1 - 2 and 2 - 1 be the difference between a scrub and a all Star . billy so you be say if we can get we guy to lay off the first pitch it will put we in the driver 's seat ? peter any sort of extra discipline in the first three pitch will help we . a game be on tv in the background . billy make various comment the the screen -- billy that 's a problem right there . terrance jogging to first . ( then ) Mr. justice . that 's what we pay you for . ( then ) Chad Bradford , you deceptive son of a bitch , I love you . ( then ) he 's a pain in the ass , but that giambi get on base . another train of think -- peter hatteberg once have 18 walk in 30 at bat . billy my whole career I only have eighteen walk . peter actually ... 11. billy shut up . and now we have quick scene of billy taking player aside -- 122 locker room --billy and tejada - day 122 billy mig , let 's make a deal . I will pay you fifty buck for every away fastball you hit to opposite field , but you have gotta pay I fifty for every one of that you pull . 135 . 135 . tejada immediately start think about it . 123 int . locker room - day 123 terrance long be work out . billy poke he head in . billy hey , T. do you car get egge ? long yeah . billy I think I just get a e-mail from the culprit . he say he be tired of pay good money just to watch you jogging around the basis . long what the hell do that have to do with anything ? billy I do not know , man . do not worry about it . billy exit . Long call after -- long who bring egg to the ballpark anyway ?! a124 int . clubhouse hallway - day a124 billy and mecir walk down the hall with the smelly stain . billy man , you be not fool anyone but yourself out there . you be fall further and further behind . in you mind , what 's the problem ? mecir mumble something . billy I can not understand you with you hand over you mouth . mecir sorry , billy . it 's just , the smell ... billy right ? ( indicate stain ) it 's that . and it 's grow . they stare at the stain in silence . finally -- 136 . 136 . mecir I be gonna grab a shower . billy yup . 124 omitted 124 125 int . oakland coliseum club house - day 125 hatteberg in the clubhouse . billy enter . billy hey , scottie . what 's on you mind ? hatteberg I feel like I be hurt the team . at first base I be make a lot of error . I be gonna cost we a hundred run . billy 16.5 actually . but as a hitter , you will create 70 run . 70 run win we a awful lot of ball game . I can live with that . can you live with that ? hatteberg I appreciate that , but I know you be just pull that number out of you ass . billy I be pull they out of Pete 's , actually . ( then ) and another thing . when a guy reach first base , be social . hatteberg Social ? billy like a greeter at the gap . a guy step into you office , chat he up . you be well read , you go to college . have some fun out there . relax . hatteberg yes sir . billy scottie , you deserve to be here . 126 int . billy office - day 126 peter be erase the percentage of game leave that they need to win and write in a lower number -- 137 . 137 . billy more information . time lapse photography of all of the change to the board over the follow two week . 127 omitted 127 a128 ext . oakland coliseum field - day a128 it 's the twin vs. the a 's. a twins player stand at first , stoic . Scott figure " what the hell ? " and turn to he . hatteberg what be you guy get up to tonight ? the focus twin player look at Scott like he 's crazy . twins player # 1 bed by ten o'clock . game time . hatteberg I do not buy it . twins player # 1 I be sore , man . beat up . Day in , day out . hatteberg where d' you guy go next ? twins player # 1 Houston . hatteberg Houston ? ( then ) you ever get up to boundary Waters up there in Minnesota ? it 's beautiful . I go on a trip up there . fishing trip . caught some walleye . twins player # 1 that 's good fishing . CUT to : Scott chat with a different twin on first . hatteberg " mankevich " be polish ? twins player # 2 yes , sir . 138. 138. crack ! the ball 's in play . it 's throw to hatteberg , who tag out the stunne player . CUT to : a different twin be on first . hatteberg where would you go to school ? twins player # 3 University of Arizona . hatteberg what be you guy get up to tonight ? twins player # 3 see what the city 's about -- San Francisco . what be you up to ? hatteberg I do not know . depend on if we beat you today . probably celebrate . ( then ) so my GM say I gotta be more social . what be you name ? twins player # 3 jaqcue . hatteberg I be Scott . twins player # 3 how be you do , Scott ? hatteberg pretty good . you get kid ? twins player # 3 yeah ... crack ! hatteberg catch the ball , make another out . 128 graphic 128 the standing graphic show the a 's have just move up into a three - way tie for first place -- 139 . 139 . reporter oakland 's offense have explode , scoring 40 run in they last four game and extend they streak to 17 in a row which be a american League record go back to 1954 and just three shy of the all - time -- al West gb wp oakland --- .619 Anaheim 4.0 .591 Seattle 4.5 .586 Texas 22.5 .450 129 ext . oakland coliseum field - night 129 chad bradford smoke the last batter on a call third strike to end the game against the twin , and the team rush in to congratulate he -- 130 int . billy office - night 130 billy look down at he blackberry , see the result and make a small fist pump . reporter who would have think in April I would be say this : the a 's win they 18th game in a row , that 's two - shy of tie , three - shy of beat the american League record - CUT to : 131-137 omitted 131-137 a138 ext . oakland coliseum - announcer's booth - day a138 shot of the game announcers . 138 ext . oakland coliseum - day 138 -- where the energy be electric . al West gb wp oakland --- .633 Anaheim 3.5 .609 Seattle 7.0 .583 Texas 25.5 .449 reporter # 1 V / o this be something special now and far be it for I to jinx it by say how many consecutive game the a 's have win -- 140 . 140 . reporter # 2 V / o nineteen -- reporter # 1 V / o well you say it not I . ticket be tear and purse searched as record break number of fan pour into the stadium . reporter # 2 V / o none of the oakland fan in they car down there have forget the a 's inglorious history - make choke in game 5 of the ald last October and tonight -- 139 int . a's locker room - day 139 it 's like a tomb . the player be get ready without music or chat . justice step up to deliver a pre-game pep talk . justice hey , listen up fella ... bring it up real quick . ( then ) we get some older guy on this team , we get some young guy on this team . what we get right now be a chance for everyone to make history . I do not want to get sappy and corny , but this be what we play for . we have be playin ' real good for 19 . let 's get 20 . we get 20 , they can not take that away from we until they do it themselves . guy that be start tonight , keep play like you have be play . guy not start , be ready . huddie , you get the ball -- shove it up they ass tonight . let 's play some ball ! let 's go ! legend : September 4 , 2002 Kansas City royal at oakland a's game 20 reporter # 2 V / o -- one game shy of 20 consecutive win , they have a shot at redemption . how rare be it to win 20 game in a row ? this rare : no american League team have ever do it . 141 . 141 . 140 int . billy truck - moving - day 140 billy head east on 580 . his cell phone ring and he hit the speaker button for the truck . billy do not tell I the score , Peter . sharon V / o it 's I , billy . billy how you doin ' , leggy . sharon V / o nope . billy Sharon ? sharon V / o you hangin ' in there ? billy yeah . there 's silence ... billy hello ? ( beat ) Sharon ? sharon V / o ( pause ) " go into real estate " . what a stupid thing to say . billy do not even realize until that moment how much he want to hear she say that ... he 's not sure what to say back . billy I appreciate that , thanks . sharon V / o good luck . casey want to talk to you . casey V / o be you on you way to the stadium ? billy no , I be on my way to visalia to see we minor league team . 142. 142. casey dad - turn around . you have to see the game . billy no , I do not . casey turn around . billy I will talk to you later , sweetheart . I love you . he hang up , drive a little longer ... let what casey say sink in . then ... billy ( to himself ) shhhit . ...he turn on the radio . announcer V / o Tim Hudson be carve through this royal line - up and at the end of three , it 's the a 's 11 and Kansas City nothing . billy ( quietly ) oh god. ( beat ) ohhhh God . billy see the sign for the next exit come up . he make a decision and quickly cross to the right , just make the exit . CUT to : a141 omitted a141 141 int . oakland coliseum - later - day 141 billy be stride through a underground corridor which be echoing with the cheer of 55,000 fan . 142 ext . oakland coliseum field level - day 142 billy emerge from a tunnel to a sight billy 's deny himself for 138 game : the light - up ballpark with a game in play . from the field , we see billy find he place in the seat behind home plate . Peter be already there . 143. 143. billy Pov of the scoreboard : 11 - 0 at the bottom of the 3rd . unfortunately the idyllic moment be short - live as Dye strike out swinging and the team swap place . the a 's take the field with tim hudson pitching . billy look around . he see the scoreboard , a fan with a big funky cowboy hat , the charge - up crowd in the stand , it 's like the coliseum at Rome . a143 ext . oakland coliseum field - day - top of the 4 th a143 ibanez of the royal singles to center field . randa of the royal singles to leave field . but the oakland fan be still jubilant and do the wave . then a big error from tejada put runner on 1st , 2nd and 3rd ( mayne , ibanez and randa ) . a143a ext . oakland coliseum field - magic hour - top of 4 th a143a as if we have enter the twilight Zone , it become twilight and light go on . dee brown of the royal singles to right , bring ibanez and randa home , and mayne to 3rd . ibanez and randa high - five each other at the plate , pass billy as they head to they dugout . okay , the royal be on the board now : 11 - 2 , but just barely . until - a143b ext . oakland coliseum field - night - top of the 4 th a143b PEREZ of the royal singles to center field , bring mayne home . then tucker of the royal double to leave field . justice make a embarrassing fall try to catch it , and Brown and Perez score . they high - five and pass billy as they leave the plate , the second time he 's see that , and suddenly the royal have 5 . reaction shot close - ups : justice , tejada , tucker on 2nd , Art howe , the royal ' dugout , a pitcher 's conference with Peterson and Hudson . and finally billy , who walk out . b143 ext . oakland coliseum field - night - top of the 5 th b143 mike sweeney of the royal singles to left-center field -- neither justice or Long get it , it land between they . and they have word . 144 . 144 . randa make a sloppy single to leave field ... this one go between justice and tejada . c143 ext . oakland coliseum field - night - bottom of the 5 th c143 montage of a 's at bat : hernandez grounds out , durham strike out , mabry grounds out ... a stunne a's fan stand up with he arm out in a " wtf ?? " gesture . while the a 's be still up , this be excruciate for the fan . 143 omitted 143 144 ext . oakland coliseum field - night - top of the 7th 144 announcer V / o Kansas City 's score five and oakland 's lead be down to six as Art howe come out to the mound to pull Tim Hudson . Art howe come out of the dugout , give the signal for " underhander , " take the ball from Hudson . announcer V / o he will go with the submariner , Chad Bradford . we see shot of fan in the sell - out stadium experience the height of tension and excitement in sport . Chad Bradford come off the bullpen mound to relieve Hudson , and begin count he step - chad one , two , three , four - 145 ext . oakland coliseum field - night - top of the 7th 145 Chad arrive at the mound take the game ball from Art , who we see be genuinely supportive and encourage to Chad . 146 ext . oakland coliseum field - night - top of the 7th 146 Chad finish he warm - up pitch . chad I know what it be to be in need and to have plenty . I be content . I can do all thing through Christ who give I strength -- 147 int . arta office - night - top of the 7th 147 billy be just as tense as the fan . 145 . 145 . billy ( to himself but to chad ) okay Chad , let 's see it . 148 ext . oakland coliseum field - night - top of the 8th 148 chad walk mayne . a angry fan throw toilet paper onto center field , the one thing Long manage to pick up . the crowd grow anxious . chad 's submariner pitch to the next batter , dee brown , walk he . brown trot down to first and there be now two runner on . some fan have to cover they eye . there 's a pitcher conference . Art howe simmer in frustration . he signal rincon to warm up . the fan be not happy either . ordaz of the royal grounds to tejada , who throw home for the force , and miss . now it 's 11 - 6 ! howe pull Bradford . rincon throw a controversial strike out . the royal batter , tucker , protest , and fan go crazy booing . Brown score , 11 - 7 now , royal chipping away that lead , and -- howe pull rincon . Tam come in to relieve he . sweeney 's up . in rapid succession , we seem he battle off ten pitch of Tam . he 's get two strike on he , more toilet paper fly on the field , bowie come in to warm up which Tam see , then - sweeney hit a three -run homer to make it 11 - 10 ! this be excruciate . 149 omitted 149 150 ext . oakland coliseum field - night - top of the 9th 150 bowie be already go . koch be on the mound . there 's a Royal , pellow , on 2nd . accord to the scoreboard , it 's 2 out , 2 strike . if koch throw a strike , the game be over . the fan be fuck feverish . alicea of the royal singles to leave and pellow score . the game be now tied . in they dugout , royal gloat . 146 . 146 . he 's end the inning , but in the a 's dugout , koch slam the wall . 151 omitted 151 152 ext . oakland coliseum field - night - bottom of the 9th 152 the scoreboard show we that it 's still tie in the bottom of the ninth . nobody 's out . dye grab a bat and walk to the plate . then , inexplicably , howe turn to - art hattie . grab a bat . scott hatteberg actually point to himself and mouth , I ? art let 's go . scott pull a bat from the rack and head to the on-deck circle . he only manage a warmup pitch or two before - a153 int . weight room a153 billy be watch on a mute television as he see Dye fly out to right field . as hatte approach the plate , he kill the tv . 153 omitted 153 154 ext . oakland coliseum - same time 154 as roy steele 's booming voice echoe : voice of GOD pinch hit for Eric byrne --scott hatteberg . Scott 's wife , elizabeth , watch from the VIP seat . she clutches she face . scott let the first pitch go by . umpire Ball ! Art howe look like he can not stand it any longer . in the dugout , koch look like a psychopath ready to kill . scott step out of the box to catch he breath . he step back in and stare at the exact spot in space he think the pitch will leave the pitcher 's hand . the pitch . scott swing . 147 . 147 . crack ! 55,000 erupt . the a 's leap to the front of the dugout step and watch . we see the ball ascend on a strong trajectory , but before we can know for sure where it 's head , time slow to a crawl - 155 int . weight room - same time 155 billy 's sit on the floor with he back against the wall , try to breathe . he look like he 's in pain . he can not move . he hear the crowd erupt outside . his blackberry buzze : " hatte homer . a 's 12 , ryl 11 " billy flip on the tv . with sound off , he watch silent image of he team swarm the mound in ( archival footage ) mix in with Art howe celebrate with they . 156 omitted 156 157 omitted 157 158 ext . oakland coliseum - same time 158 the place be go crazy . elizabeth be scream as she watch she husband get maul by he teammate at the plate . 159 int . weight room - moment later 159 billy 's still contemplate make al history as celebrate player flood into the locker room just outside . billy look through a portal on the door . he 's trap in here now . he cross into the 160 int . locker room - continuous 160 the place be pack with player , coaches and news crew . there 's no champagne spraying but they feel like they win the World Series and in fact have do something much more rare . billy be try to make a fast unnotice exit . after push through the crowd , he walk outside of the club house into the - a161 int . corridor / family area - continuous a161 where the player ' family and wife be wait . billy see elizabeth hatteberg walk toward he -- 148. 148. elizabeth Mr. beane ? I be Elizabeth hatteberg . we meet at my house last Christmas . billy sure . elizabeth thank you . billy thank I ? thank you . whatever you put in that Christmas cookie , keep -- elizabeth start to cry -- billy whoa . it 's okay . elizabeth I be sorry . billy it 's alright . elizabeth you do not know what it 's like to have everyone think you be a failure . billy do not say anything but of course he do . billy well ... you never think that , and that 's what be -- elizabeth ( the worst possible sin ) I do . ( beat ) and he know I do . billy take this in a second ... billy yeah he do know you do . elizabeth he 's talk to you ? billy no . I just know . ( beat ) that 's all over now . ( more ) 149 . 149 . billy ( cont 'd ) you husband just take a Jason grimsley two - seam fastball and park it in the upper deck in leave field for a pinch-hit walk - off home run in a record break game . go tell he about it . elizabeth look at he a moment ... and then start cry again -- billy no it 's okay now , just go . elizabeth go off to find she husband . billy see peter stand there . billy gilligan . peter congratulation . CUT to : 161 int . restaurant - night 161 billy and tara be eat . billy aw , man . I spend the season try to reduce it to number and we win on romance . suddenly it 's the Natural with hatteberg . Scott hatteberg . ( toast ) to twenty . tara to twenty . ( then ) you should have see Elizabeth 's face when it go right over . billy she show up afterwards . tara what do she say ? billy I be a big moment for they . you know everyone write he off ? tara you do not . you find he and you put that together . 150 . 150 . billy I know . it be beautiful . but you know ... it 's not gonna mean a thing . he 's upset . she know it . billy here 's the thing -- we change the game . we get this year , maybe next , then they be gonna catch on . this be we moment . I want to go the distance . I wanna shove it up the yankee ' ass . not just the yankee , but ... this guy deserve it . tara you deserve it . honey , 20 game . it 's a record . billy that 's right , it 's just a record . it get bury in some book . come on , tell I who win 19 ? I do not even know . it 's 4th place at the Olympic . any other team win the World Series this year ... great . we be still in the record book . but if we win , we have change the game . we have put it on its head and shove it up they ass . if we do not , they be gonna erase we . CUT to : 162 omitted 162 163 ext . oakland coliseum - night 163 the same shot as at the beginning : the coliseum from high above , only this time the final game of the division series be be play at home . legend : 2002 ald decide game 5 Minnesota twin at oakland a's the camera pan down the huge scoreboard . it 's excruciate . the number on the board tell we it 's be a incredibly close game but the a 's be lose by one run in the bottom of the ninth with two out and nobody on . 151 . 151 . Ray Durham stand in at the plate . Strike one to the Durham as we hear the venerable voice of espn 's Joe Morgan , who 's speak post- game . joe morgan V / o the flaw in the a 's think , and this come from the top of they organization -- be they failure to comprehend you have to manufacture run in the post season . Durham foul off a pitch . Strike two . joe morgan V / o you have to steal . you have to bunt . you have to sacrifice . you have to trust in small ball , not billy Ball . Durham swing at the fastball and connect , but it 's a pop fly to second which a twins infielder easily nab . the pitcher throw he glove in the air and the catcher run out to the mound as the rest of the twin run to the middle of the field to begin they victory celebration . Durham turn away and head back to the dugout . the a 's have lose the series . joe morgan V / o they think they have devise a science to win game . they think it reside in a computer . they thumb they nose at fundamentals . at tradition . at Baseball . 164 omitted 164 a165 int . video room - night a165 harrowed by the defeat , peter stare at the tv , listen to Joe Morgan . joe morgan V / o they be bean counter in oakland . that 's bean with a " e " at the end . they be card counter at the blackjack table who forget the house always win . jump CUT to : b165 int . video room - night b165 Peter smashing a wooden chair to piece with a baseball bat . jump CUT to : 152 . 152 . c165 int . video room - night c165 Peter , in exhaustion , he eye glue again to the screen watch shot ( archival video ) of euphoric twin reveling and a 's stunne at they misfortune . 165 ext . oakland coliseum field - night 165 a locked -off shot begin to slowly move towards the pile of celebrate player on the mound and as we near , the sound begin to fade and the player begin to disappear , as do the fan and all occupant of the coliseum . drift in a empty stadium , towards the dugout , where the last of the cleaning crew broom the floor . a166 int . oakland coliseum - night a166 camera move down a dimly light cinder block corridor , and finally into the - 166 int . a's locker room - night - 1989 166 where we discover a solitary figure . the camera come to settle on the oakland a 's player , still in uniform , hour after the game have end , sit with he face in he hand . after a long , deep breath he sit up and we discover that it 's billy , 10 year prior . CUT to : 167 int . corridor - night - 1989 167 billy , still in uniform , walk down the long corridor that lead to the GM 's office , he cleat click on the concrete hall . alderson V / o this be weird , billy . CUT to : 168 int . sandy alderson' office ( flashback ) - night - 1989 168 billy 's stand in front of the a 's GM wear he uniform pants and a t-shirt . alderson it 's like a politician quit a campaign to become a staffer . do you even know what a scout do ? billy I have be scout since I be 15 . 153 . 153 . alderson and you be ready to say , " I be not a baseball player " ? billy I be not a baseball player . CUT to : 169 int . billy office - day 169 billy ready to do this ? Pete nod . billy call out -- billy Suzanne ? get Schott on . ( to peter ) you ever be to Boston ? the speakerphone ring . billy answer . billy we need to talk about the Red Sox . schott ( v.o. ) so I hear . John Henry reach out to you ? billy yes . but I have not speak with he yet . schott ( v.o. ) that 's what he say . billy I want you bless before I do . schott ( v.o. ) well , how be I suppose to react to all of this ? you be under contract , billy . you extend . billy I know that , Steve , but I would like to talk to they . I want to see what they have to say . schott ( v.o. ) you be ask I to let they talk to you ? billy yes . with you permission . 154 . 154 . schott ( v.o. ) well , I can not do that unless I know Peter be in place as my GM . billy Pete ? schott ( v.o. ) I be not let you take he with you , and I have no idea if he 's willing to stay if you be not here . how do I even know I can come to term with he , give the extremely disadvantaged bargain position you be put I in ? billy well , I think you will agree this be a great opportunity for he . I can not believe he 's not go to make a deal . Peter be freeze . neither Steve nor billy be act like he 's even in the room . schott ( v.o. ) if you want out of you contract , I want they whole team and a lot of cash . we have invest in you . billy I have not ask to get out of my contract , Steve , I just ask if I could talk to they . schott ( v.o. ) and I say I will not give you permission unless I know I have Peter ! you can not leave I with a vacant front office . billy then talk to Peter . schott ( v.o. ) I will . silence . schott ( v.o. ) all right . you know what ? I have make it a point never to stand in the way of a man want to make more money . they make the call , the genie 's out of the bottle . I have faith in you judgement when I name you GM ; that 's why I do it and I have faith in it now . good luck , billy . 155 . 155 . billy hang up . a long beat . Peter look at billy . peter well , I do not see that come . billy I think you should think about stay . you be one of the architect of this thing , it belong as much to you as it do to I . peter okay ... okay ... billy how you do Pete ? peter I be a little overwhelm right now . I think I need to process what 's happen . billy why do not you take the day off . CUT to : a170 int . towncar - day a170 billy regards culinary treat present fancifully in a towncar that transport he to Fenway Park . 170 ext . fenway park - boston - day 170 we establish the famous home of the Red Sox before find billy stand on home plate . he look around at the historic stadium ... JOHN ( o.s. ) billy beane ! JOHN henry , the new owner of the Boston Red Sox , be shouting at he from the owner 's box . billy give a kind of wave . henry due respect to the coliseum , but this be a ball park . billy yes it be . it be . henry ( shout ) you ever play here ? 156 . 156 . flash CUT : billy swinging hard at a pitch in the dirt . CUT back to : billy no . JOHN that 's a shame . let 's walk the field . billy and JOHN begin a stroll around the perimeter of Fenway . JOHN hey , I be sorry I keep you wait but believe it or not there be snow on 84 . the second week in October . the car turn on to yawkee Way and it 's 53 degree and this . how can there be a entirely different weather system here than there be three mile from here ? be that global warming or a sign that there 's no such thing ? billy I do not know . JOHN what 's that billy Joel song ? oh the snow it be fall from stockbridge to Boston . and the hilltop seem something because of that frosting . billy I think that 's James Taylor and I be certain that be not the word . JOHN well whatever , it be snow from stockbridge to Boston so I be sorry I be late . we will have lunch in a little bit but why do not I have some coffee send up . ( he 's already get he cell phone open ) denise ? ( back to billy ) we have get espresso , cappuccino , latte , we have get a machine that make whatever you want . billy we have get free soda . 157 . 157 . JOHN I hear about that . ( into phone ) can you have some coffee in there for we ? ( beat ) thank you . he snap the phone shut . a171 int . PRESS BOX - day a171 billy and John admire the view . DENISE set down a tray of coffee and exit . JOHN it 's she birthday and I need to get she a present but she 's usually the one who do that for I so do you have any idea ? billy ( pause ) a scarf ? JOHN you mean like wool ? billy no I mean something that woman wear with , you know , a decorative -- JOHN sure ! excellent . ( pause ) and where would I get something like that ? billy John , no disrespect , I just lose in five for the second year in a row -- give she a bowl ball for all I care . JOHN Steve Schott tell I he 's offer you a new contract . billy yes he be . JOHN so why would you return my call ? billy you be the Red Sox , and I think I can help you . ( more ) 158 . 158 . billy ( cont 'd ) I think I can do something about the curse of the bambino . I hear you hire Bill James . henry why it take someone so long to hire that guy be beyond I . billy because baseball hate he . henry money busy a lot of thing . one be the luxury to disregard what baseball think . billy that must be nice . ( beat , then ) I be grateful to get you call . JOHN look at billy a moment ... JOHN you be grateful . billy yeah . JOHN for 41 million you build a playoff team . you lose damon , giambi , isringhausen and pena and you win two more game without they than you do with they . and we begin a slow push - in on billy ... this be the first person in baseball other than he assistant who do not think he 's crazy . JOHN you win the exact same number of game as the yankee but the yankee pay 1.4 million dollar per win and you pay two - hundred and sixty thousand . yes , I want you to be my General manager . ( pause ) I know you be take it in the tooth . the first guy through a wall always get hurt . but that be die voice . any GM that do not tear down they team and rebuild it use you model be gonna be a dinosaur . JOHN 's take a piece of paper out of he pocket and slide it to billy -- 159 . 159 . billy what 's this ? JOHN my first offer . billy open it , look at it for less than a second , and look back up at JOHN ... 171 int . limo - day 171 billy look out at the Boston scenery . he steal a glance at the paper in he hand , John 's offer , pensive ... CUT to : 172 omitted 172 173 int . oakland coliseum - locker room - day 173 billy come into the locker room and give it a look . 174 omitted ( move to g177 ) 174 175 omitted 175 176 int . oakland coliseum locker room - day 176 billy sit at a table . a baseball slam down in front of he . he look up to see where it come from . peter be stand in the doorway . peter head up ! billy Jesus . what the hell -- peter sorry . billy what the hell be that ? peter I do not know . sorry . ( then ) how be Boston ? billy impressive . peter you be give I youkilis , billy . 160 . 160 . billy why would I ever do that ? peter come on billy , Schott 's go to want something in exchange for let you out of you contract and I want youkilis . billy oh , what be that , you GM voice ? you can not have he . peter and Cash . and a player to be name later . billy you already have my job . what else do you want from I ? peter I do not want you job . billy why do you take it ? peter you do not leave I much choice . ( then ) do Henry make you a good offer ? billy it do not matter . peter do he make you a good offer ? billy it be fine . peter what be it ? billy it do not matter . Pete just stare at he . finally , billy reach into he pocket , take out the fold piece of paper and hand it to Peter . Peter look at it ... peter he offer to make you the high pay GM in pro sport . 161 . 161 . billy ( genuinely conflicted ) do I love the Red Sox ? peter I do not know . I have never hear you say you do . billy so why be I do this ? peter you be not do it for the money . billy I be not ? peter you be do it for what the money say . it say what it say to any player who get big money : that they be worth it . billy the offer say that . the money itself be redundant . ( beat ) I make one personal decision base on money in my life and I swore to never do that again . peter so you be not go to Boston ? billy I have not decide . peter it 's all over the news that it 's a do deal . billy look at this place . what a dump . ( then ) I so want to win here . peter I think you have already win , billy . billy no Pete , we lose . peter you have not give yourself time to get over it , it 's only be three day . 162. 162. billy I be not even over last year yet . I do not get over it . peter ( beat ) I have get something in the video room , come with I . billy I really can not look at video right now . peter no , come with I . a177 omitted ( move to k177 ) a177 b177 int . video room - day b177 paul it 's not much more than a home movie but you will get the idea . billy who be it ? paul the visalia oak and they 240 pound catcher , Jeremy Brown , who 's scared of run to second . this be in a game six week ago . paul hit the remote and the tape start . the quality be poor and the camera be focus only on Jeremy . paul this guy 's gonna start he off with a fastball low and in because he have not read the book on we guy and do not know that low and in be where he eat . Jeremy take he to deep center -- we see jeremy brown connect and the ball fly off the bat but the camera stay on jeremy run to first . paul slow down the picture with the remote paul -- and he know that if he run it 's a stand - up double and he 's run . billy ( quietly ) go pal . 163. 163. paul and now he 's gonna do something he never do . he 's gonna round first base , he 's gonna take the turn . billy please tell I he 's safe at second . paul no. because right here -- jeremy slip and stumble to the ground . paul -- be what he 's always be afraid of . it 's all he can do to get himself back to first . jeremy have be scramble in the dirt to get safely back to first base . billy what be that ? paul that 's the first base coach . billy why 's he laugh ? I be gonna fire that guy , why the hell be he -- paul everybody 's laugh . jeremy 's look around the field now , look at he own dugout . we can not see what he see but he 's confuse . paul and now Jeremy find out why . watch he face because this be art . he 's just find out the ball go 60 foot over the fence . he would hit a home run but he do not know it . and jeremy 's face explode into a smile . he slap hand with the first base coach and begin he trot around the basis . billy stare at this . he take the remote and back it up a little so he can see Jeremy 's face again . billy how can anybody not be romantic about baseball ? 164 . 164 . paul ( pause ) it be a metaph -- billy I know it be a metaphor . paul that be a hell of a baseball season , boss . billy the Island of misfit toy . okay . and with that , billy 's mind begin to go elsewhere . no resolution , no decision , other than to get up and wander on . CUT to : c177 int . oakland coliseum hallway - day c177 billy stop in front of a door , check to see if it 's open , it be and he enter . d177 int . oakland coliseum scout room - day d177 billy stands and take it in . CUT to : e177 int . art howe's office - day e177 billy stand and take it in . CUT to : f177 int . oakland coliseum hallway - day f177 billy stand at area from which a mysterious smell still emanate . CUT to : g177 ext . oakland coliseum field - day ( formerly 174 ) g177 billy haunt the field , talk to himself . eventually he stand at the plate , and have a imaginary at bat . CUT to : 165 . 165 . h177 int . video room - continuous h177 Pete watch billy from the pitch tracking monitor as he argue with a imaginary ump before hit a imaginary inside the park home run that end with a slide into home . CUT to : j177 ext . oakland coliseum field - day j177 billy wander over to the pitcher 's mound . lies down . his Pov of perfect sky ... k177 ext . freeway - day ( formerly a177 ) k177 billy 's drive along and listen to the continue drone of talk radio criticism . radio voice ( v.o. ) archival radio chatter billy keep listen a moment , then reach in the glove box and pull out a CD mark " dad 's mix " . billy slip it in the CD player . the sound of the radio immediately snap off and the momentary silence be soon break by casey 's voice -- casey ( v.o. ) hey , dad . I pick this song out just for you . and then the first track on the CD come on ( song tbd ) . and billy smile . he continue on down the freeway into dusk , as -- 177 ext . MLB field 177 David justice at the plate . as he take ball four and trot down to first , the image freeze - legend : David justice retire after the 2002 season , leave baseball with a team - lead on - base percentage with most walk . 178 ext . MLB field 178 Scott hatteberg , look comfortable on the infield dirt finally , dive for a line drive - freeze . 166 . 166 . legend : Scott hatteberg play three more season with the a 's , then sign with Cincinnati in 2006 - as a first baseman . he retire in 2007 . 179 ext . MLB field 179 Chad Bradford go into he windup from Mars . as he hand scrape the dirt - freeze . legend : Chad Bradford go to the Red Sox in 2005 . in 2008 , he be trade to Tampa Bay who go on to the World Series with a payroll even lower than the a 's . 180 ext . MLB field 180 Kevin youkilis , in a Red Sox uniform , shimmy at the plate . as he lay off ball four and the umpire point to first - freeze . legend : Boston never trade to billy - or anyone else - they Greek God of walk , Kevin youkilis . he be part of the historic World Series championship Red Sox of 2004 , and be still with the club . 181 ext . MLB field 181 Peter , in a Yale bulldog uniform , scoops a grounder to second . as he throw out a Yale bulldog - freeze . legend : Peter brand leave oakland in 2004 to become the General manager of the dodger . he 's now with the San Diego padre . 182 ext . MLB field 182 billy - 18 year old - in he mount carmel High uniform , take he stance at the plate with the supreme confidence of youth . the pitch come . he swing . and as he bat make contact - freeze . legend : billy beane be still the General manager of the oakland a's . 183 ext . oakland coliseum - night 183 the coliseum 's floodlight switch off and the green of the grass darken - to black