monkeybone written by Sam hamm base on the comic book " Dark town " by kaja blackley and vanessa Chong seventh draft 3 february 1999 fade in : MAIN credit roll over black screen , with portentous spooky music underneath . just as the music reach its crescendo , we hear a simian screech . a buck - toothed cartoon monkey swing past on a vine . title wipe in with he : monkeybone ( tm ) in " freud chicken ! " tight closeup - stanley ( animated ) a pocketwatch swing back and forth in f.g. gaping at it be a goofy , bespectacle cartoon character , suck he thumb as he eye move back and forth . after a moment , the left eye freeze in place - but the right eye keep go back and forth with the watch . shrink voice ( o.s. ) back , stanley ... you be go back ... back to when it all begin . be you go back yet ? come on , get back , have have not get all day . now both eye be lock in place . the patient be hypnotize . int . schoolroom - day ( animated ) a squat , lumpy teacher , miss hudlapp , be strain to erase the gettysburg address , which be write along the very top of the blackboard . there 's a obtrusive , rhythmic banging noice in b.g . stanley ( v.o. ) it be third grade . the teacher be miss hudlapp . she be kinda squat and lumpy - she smell funny - but she be kind . miss hudlapp CLASS ! ( turn around suddenly ) how many time have I tell you ? in this class we do not pound tenpenny nail into stanley 's head ! reverse angle - on stanley hapless ten -year- old stanley , still goofy and bespectacle , in he front - row desk . nail stick out of he head . the four mean kide poise around he lower they hammer and return to they seat , grumble . a dreamy smile cross stanley 's face as he gaze at miss hudlapp . stanley ( v.o. ) you know how some teacher have that , kind of , flap on they arm - that big sack of limp flab that like , dangle ? as miss hudlapp pull she sweater off , two massive arm -flaps - fifty gallon of flab apiece - spill out and smack into the floor . miss huddlapp clap two eraser together , kick up a cloud of dust . Young stanley watch , transfix by she massive arm flap . we track in on the gigantic arm flap as they swing hypnotically back and forth , with a loud slap each time they collide . stanley ( v.o. ) it sound weird ... but for some reason , as I watch that big old flap of hers , I begin to feel ... well ...oddly ... now we track in on the mesmerize stanley . a song come up underneath : donna summer , " I feel love . " stanley ( v.o. ) ... arouse . ( beat ) and then the horror begin . doink ! stanley look down at he lap in horror . the boy and girl around he be point and tittering . grimace in embarrassment , he discreetly place a heavy textbook onto he lap , suppress the bulge in he pants . but sproing !! - the book go fly across the room . the bulge be fight back ! the kid duck and cover beneath they desk as stanley slam a stack of textbooks onto he lap . it 's no use - the whole stack go fly , and book come raining down on the entire class ! now miss hudlapp be stare directly at he ... miss hudlapp Young man . what 's that in you lap ? she march toward he . stanley pull he backpack over he lap . stanley ( v.o. ) it be useless . like put a baseball cap on the Washington monument . and then ... all at once ... there he be . the backpack buck and wriggle , as if something inside be try to get out . and then - with a flourish of rouse disco string - it doe ! stanley ( v.o. ) monkeybone !! the libidinous cartoon monkey burst out of the backpack , point at miss hudlapp - and announce , in he Barry White baritone : monkeybone oooo-oo-ooh , baby . I love you way . kc and the sunshine band come up underneath as monkeybone dance to the front of the class . he grab miss hudlapp by the hand and begin dance the bump with she arm flap . butt leave , whap . butt right , whap . the kide be bug-ey - agog . with each whap they little head turn back and forth as if they be watch a nude tennis match . int . screening room - on audience ( live - action ) a roomful of live human watch the cartoon , head turn in sync with the kid onscreen . tv- industry hipster , ad execs , manufacacturer reps ... they be all guest at this sneak preview of the monkeybone show , and they be laughing uproariously . in the midst of the crowd be a handsome young couple : julie mcelroy and stu miley . julie 's a research scientist , brainy , professional , abnormally well - adjust - and pretty enough that she would be intimidating if it be not for a prominent goofy streak . stu be the one guy in the auditorium who be not laugh at the cartoon on the screen . in fact , he 's solemn as a judge - peer nervously around to see how the rest of the audience be respond . why ? because he 's the cartoonist who create the character on screen . in he look ( gangly , dishevel ) and manner ( sardonic , self - deprecate ) , he 's the obvious model for the character of stanley . int . classroom ( animated ) as the monkey dance continue , we zoom in on the mortify face of little stanley . his eye begin do the familiar hypno-swirl ... int . shrink office ( animated ) a cuckoo pop out of a wall clock . adult stanley' thumb pop out of he mouth . he awaken from he trance in a cold sweat . stanley how about it , Doc ? can you help I ? shrink not overnight . this imaginary monkey case take time . I vould estimate ... roughly ... on the desk be a catalogue , open to a two - page spread depict a 40 - foot cabin cruiser . " new for summer ! only $ 229,999.95 ! " with he free hand , the shrink be work a calculator ... shrink twelve year and three month ought to do it . the shrink hustle stanley to the door and shake he hand . stanley one question , doc - what do you mean when you say " imaginary " ? shrink all in good time , my boy . all in good time . the shrink shove stanley out and slam the door behind he . two beat . then he double over , weeping with laughter . shrink vot a crackpot ! monkey on ze back - hah !! roll out ze wacky wagon !! now he notice a backpack , which stanley have leave on the couch . it twitches slightly - of its own free will . voice in backpack imaginary , huh ? you quack . ext . shrink build ( animated ) a window shatter . the shrink come hurtle out . monkeybone straddle he like slim picken riding a h-bomb , hootin ' and hollerin ' all the way down to the street . splat ! a gob of gore hit stanley in the face as he exit the building . he kneel on the sidewalk - find a pipe and a goatee . stanley aw , monkeybone ! at this rate I will never find a good shrink . monkeybone that guy be a waste of money ! I will show you how to stop suck you thumb ... monkeybone stick he thumb in he butt as he and stanley toddle off into the sunset . int . screening room - that moment stand o from the crowd as the cartoon end and the light come up . herb , a all - purpose sidekick type , appear at the podium : herb thank you ... that 's we pilot ... the good news be , Comedy Channel have just pick we up with a order for six new episode ! herb lead a round of applause . julie nudge stu - the only guy in the room who 's still in he seat . herb now , let 's give it up for the guy who start it all . creator of America 's most disturb comic strip ... the man behind the monkey ... mister stu Miley ! a spotlight hit he , and he stand to tumultuous applause . he look genuinely stunne . he can not believe it 's happen . julie surreptitiously pinch he on the bottom , give he a start . she wink at he . he shoot she a small private smile - then turn to wave at the ador crowd . int . lobby - half -hour later - night stu work he way through a crowd of well - wisher and fan . stu I do not actually draw all the animation , no . we have sweatshop worker who could not get job at nike do that . a beautiful , heavily - pierce female fan hand stu a marker . beautiful fan Mr. Miley , would you draw monkeybone on my belly ? as a guide ? stu guide ...? beautiful fan for my tattoo artist ? she expose she taut midriff . stu think for a moment , then go to work . when he 's do , monkeybone appear to be climb out of the girl 's pants and waving to she . nearby fan applaud . beautiful fan wait ! you have to draw the rest of he - she begin unbuckle she belt so stu will have enough room to draw monkeybone 's bottom half . stu demur ... stu I - I have to , uh , check in with my doctor . do - occcc !! he wander across the room , find julie deep in conversation with a bunch of other guest , and pull she aside . stu hey , doc. come here . there 's something really cool I want to show you . he grab she by the sleeve , pull she across the floor to - int . alcove - off lobby - continuous there 's nothing " cool " about it - it 's a stairway landing , with metal fire door that open onto the parking lot outside . stu see this door ? the cool thing be , you go out ... they close ... you can not get back in ! he open one door and hold it for julie . julie you want to leave ? but stu - you be a big hit ! everyone love you ! stu they do not love I . they love monkeybone . julie it be you who get the stand o . it be you draw on the belly over there ... stu that be especially monkeybone . come on , Doc , I do not want to be stick here with this bunch of media creep . I just want to be we . Home . alone ! ( conspiratorially ) I have something I have to give you . julie can not you give it to I later ? stu yeah , I could , but the thing be , if later get here sooner , it would be ... better . he give up try to explain ... pull she close and kiss she . for a moment they completely forget about the party in the next room . then herb appear behind they , try to catch stu 's eye as he wait for the clinch to break up . finally he pries they apart : herb sorry , Julie - will not be a minute . now stu - I know you do not like the idea , but you really ought to talk to this guy - stu Julie and I - we be just gonna go ... but before stu know what 's hit he , herb be lead he back to - int . lobby - that moment - continuous herb go ? there 's a potload of money here , pal . you get three major toy company ... you get the guy from Burger God over here ... stu Burger God . the one that find the pig hair in the french fries ? herb never prove . they be ready to pop for a pre - emptive endorsement . kid love Burger God - the merchandisers shoot stu a expectant wave . stu wave back and turn in the opposite direction . herb grab he by the sleeve . stu herb , it 's too much . it 's all out of hand . herb do you know what kind of opportunity you have here ? you gotta strike . I be talk mansion . lamborghinis . Champagne for mouthwash when you brush you tooth ! stu I do not want to be rich . it 's just a trap ! herb be rich be not a trap . that be a dirty lie perpetuate by rich people to keep the failure from kill they . stu herb . I have to go . herb why ? stu I get the ring . ( beat ) tonight 's the night , herb . tonight 's the night . he nod toward julie , who 's at the open bar grab two glass of punch . herb realize a proposal be in the work . herb oh my God ... you be propose ? stu my life be totally crappy , herb , and she ... fix it . she make I happy . which I would never be . she love I the way I be - right now . ( beat ) I do not want everything to change . I do not want she say yes to some big success . I just want she say yes to I . herb ... in some weird way I respect that . julie 's over by the punchbowl . she see the two boy stare at she conspiratorially - make a face at they as she wave back . herb okay then . if I get you out of here - you pop the question - tonight . or else . get I ? stu nod gravely . ext . parking lot - night stu , julie , and herb in the parking lot . a small safari of flunkies be load enormous box full of monkeybone junk into stu 's beat - up car - stuff doll , action figure , board game , lunchbox , beach towel , team jacket and more ! stu groan at the sight of it ... herb they be just prototype ... take them home and look at them before you say no ... ( scan the street ) if you could just hold on a minute or two , we be expect a couple more truck . stu glower at herb as he open the car door for julie . herb okay , okay ! you be a beautiful couple . go. int . car - night - moving stu back out of he space . the small parking lot be full of delivery truck from would - be merchandiser - all too large for the space they be park in . stu have to keep back up because the exit lane be block . it 's like negotiate a labyrinth . stu look at this ! he will not let we leave ! julie who ? stu the monkey !! he 's everywhere ! he will take over both we life if we let he . julie stu - stop it . that monkey be good luck . you think he up , and everybody love he , and he 's probably go to make you rich . so relax ! enjoy it ! stu I be try . it 's weird , that 's all . I never have any good luck , until I meet you ... what if it 's all just another bad dream ? julie what 's the " bad " part ? stu I might wake up . julie ( laugh ; take he hand ) if you do , I will be right there beside you . so face it . you be just go to have to be happy ! stu I be happy . it just so happen this be the happiest night of my life . he say it so solemnly that she crack up . after a moment he join in . ext . parking lot - that moment - night a plastic banner stretch between two pole on either side of the entry to the lot . it show monkeybone in a typical languorous pose : it 's his World . we just live in it ! monkeybone Sunday Night this fall two guy on extension ladder be take the sign down as stu' car idle at the exit below . there 's a strong wind tonight , and one guy lose hold of he end of the banner just as he get it detach ... int . car - that moment - night as stu pull into the intersection he see a delivery truck approach in the opposite lane , with a cardboard likeness of monkeybone mount atop the cab . he chuckle ... stu that damn monkey be everywh -- suddenly he view of the street disappear . the monkeybone banner have fall directly across he windshield , like a huge shroud . all he can see be a great , grin monkey face !! julie scream . stu scream . unable to see , he slam on the brake and jerk the wheel right . off screen : horn blaring . tire squealing . the horrible crunch of metal on metal . but stu 's car come to a halt untouched . after a moment he open he eye ... and julie open hers ... stu do we just - hit something ? julie I do not think so . stu be you okay ?? she think it over , nod . stu take a moment to catch he breath , then open the door gingerly . a horn blare as a car speed past in the opposite lane , nearly take stu 's door off . he jump back inside , wait , open the door again ... ext . intersection - that moment his eye widen in horror as he step out to survey the scene . the asphalt be strewn with monkeybone merchandise - stuff doll , game , lunchbox . skid mark show where the truck which be carry all this swerve ... ... and slam into the rear of a buick regal , pin it up against a telephone pole . stu race up to the buick . its front end be mashed up like a accordion , but the occupant - a couple of teenager dress for the prom - seem to be okay . stu hey ! be you guy all right in there ? teenage girl we be fine . stu that stupid monkey banner ! it fall on my windshield - it practically kill we all ! ( to julie ) God , Julie , if anything have happen to you - julie I be fine , baby . we be all okay . we be lucky . stu I would better go report this ... he spot a phone booth and start across the street . on the way there he pluck a stuffed monkeybone doll off the pavement and choke it with both hand . julie stay behind with the prom kid . the teenage boy in he tux be glassy - eye , miserable beyond description . julie dad 's car ? the boy begin to sob softly . julie nod in sympathy . then : everyone wince . the air be full of a horrible creaking noise , like nail on a blackboard ... teenage girl what be that ? do you hear that ? the horrible creaking noise continue . julie turn . behind she , the telephone pole that the car slam into be beginning to teeter . then it topples . directly toward ... julie stu !! on stu - in phone booth he see julie run toward he and hold up a single finger . stu Operator ? I want to report a accident . finally he glance up - just in time to see the telephone pole come down toward the phone booth like a gigantic sledgehammer . his eye widen . the stuffed monkeybone slip from he grasp ... closeup - monkeybone a horrible crash . scream . camera zeroe in on the monkeybone doll which stu be hold , surround by break glass , its face twisted into a insane , almost macabre grin . the screen fade to pitch black for a few second ... until we hear a distant siren , and a image come swim into focus ... stu' Pov : on julie he 's in the back of a ambulance , with paramedics all around he , work feverishly . julie hover above he , hold he hand . julie stu ? I be here , baby . it 's I . it 's Julie . I love you . you be gonna be okay , baby , I promise - all at once he seem to be receding from julie and the other - as if sinking through the bottom of the stretcher , and beyond - through the floor of the ambulance ! julie 's voice grow weaker , more distant : julie ( v.o. ) I be here , baby . I will not leave you ... and then all trace of the ambulance be go , and he 's float down through some strange limbo , surround by the silhouettes of billow shroud , with the sound of bird calling all around he ... a awful mechanical ratcheting noise fill the soundtrack . stu 's eye close - and when they reopen , he find himself in : ext . trolley - moving a tiny roller -coaster car descend from dense cloud down the length of a impossibly long and rickety metal track . the track lead through a vast black void ... ...to a tiny island float in the darkness ... a island that look not unlike a disembody fist . and , as the car draw closer , the fist begin to OPEN - tulip-like - turn into a hand , with a full - size town nestle in its palm ! in the town , carnival light begin to glitter . music begin to tinkle ... ext . platform - night the car - a one - passenger job with a cartoon animal face on its prow - stop with a lurch . stu step out onto a fog-shroude train station platform . before he know it , the little car depart behind he . he 's strand - alone . stu hello ? anybody ? - be I dead ? ( beat ) please . i'd like to know if i'm dead . off in the fog be a big wheeled cart with the sign : " psychological baggage claim . " there stu find two suitcase and a backpack . he examine the tag . they all belong to he ! he sit on the edge of the cart , open a suitcase , and pull out ... - a bag copy of Marvel Comics ' conan the barbarian # 1 ; - a 8 mm reel of highlight from Ray harryhausen 's Jason and the argonaut , with swordfight skeleton on the box cover ; - a spiral notebook , its cover label " stu M. - geography , " its inside page cover with drawing of dinosaur and airplane ; - transparent plastic model of " the visible man " and he mate , " the visible woman , " with a couple of spare organ that young stu never quite find a place for ; - a vinyl lp of " bread greatest hit , " which stu quickly slip back into the suitcase lest anyone see it . as he gather he bag , he hear odd squeak and chitter ... raccoon ( o.s. ) carry you bag , mister ? a strange furry creature pop out from beneath the platform and yank on stu 's pants leg . it look like a raccoon , but it 's flat - a animated pelt . before stu have time to let out a yell , a flat snakeskin come slithering out from beneath the baggage cart ... snake cigar , mister ? genuine cooban ! stu look down and see a squashed rabbit humping he leg . rabbit wanna meet my sister ? this bordertown type be know as roadkill , and they be sport the tire track to prove it . stu scream , shake they off , and run . ext . dark town gate - night a long stone stairway lead to decorative wringht - iron gate . shadowy carve sphinxe sit on either side . as stu race up the step , a sputtering neon sign come to life overhead : D rk town a fanfare blows as the creaky gate begin to part . a spotlight hit the sphinxe - and they come to life ! they rise up on they hind leg , put on boater hat . one of they blow a note on a kazoo ... singing sphinxe weeee ... welcome you to Dark town and while you be in you coma this odd amusement park - town will be you Home sweet homa - stu bolt through the gate , with the roadkill trio right on he heel . the indignant sphinxe exchange a look of outrage . ext . dark town - midway - night it 's a carny town , a tourist trap , seedy and nightmarish . despite the festive trapping , there 's something off about it - a air of neglect and decrepitude - as if they would try to turn alcatraz into disneyland , and give up halfway through . stu look back and see the roadkill gain on he . he spot a small group of other human ... stu help I . please . there 's animal . they - the human just yawn . they be coma victims , just like stu . he ditch one of he suitcase as the roadkill come after he . voice pony ride , mister ? he turn and spot a helpful - look fellow in a cowboy outfit . the cowboy be in fact a centaur - rider and mount roll into one ! the character who run this place - the barker , ticket - taker , and ride operator - be all weird hybrid , part human , part animal . they could be the ancient god of some primitive culture - reduce to work as street entertainer in this ramshackle resort town . stu pinballs down the street , bounce from one shock to another : - joe camel , do community service as a STREET sweeper - joe camel hey , mister . mister ! get a smoke ? - a yeti sell sno-cone from a cart outside the morpheum theatre . the marquee read : live ! nightmare ! live ! first - run - continuous performance - popular price rate nr-h - not recommend for human - a cyclop work as a barker at the penny arcade ; - a video rental outlet - " bad dream video , " offer you favorite nightmare , cult and classic , three night for $ 2.95 . a three - head devil emerge from the shop carry a sackful of video - and recognize stu , much to he horror . head # 1 hey , be not you stu Miley ? head # 2 we be big fan . head # 3 could we have you autograph ? reduced to babbling hysteria , stu duck into the nearest building . above the door , a animated neon sign show a happy boozer lift he martini glass , then fall over flat on he back , at which point he eye be replace by the traditional cartoon X 's . this be the coma bar . int . coma bar - a moment later - night stu burst in , flatten himself against the wall as the roadkill skitter past outside . he 's give they the slip . he look around . the bar 's a weird melange of style . coma victims ride around in wheelchair refurbish as bumper car , drink cocktail from iv bottler . a four-arm elephant GOD be at the mighty wurlitzer while a mermaid vocalist in a half - shell belt out the wistful lyric of johnny mercer 's " dream . " and over at the bar ... bull ( o.s. ) New in town , huh ? what be you drink ? out of breath , stu edge toward the bar as the bartender , bull , turn away to grab a fresh glass . stu Chasing I - animal - horrible - bull animal ? what kind of animal ? stu gag . bull be a full - fledge minotaur , body of a man , head of a bull . his feature be cubist - weirdly squash over to one side . bull yeah , I know - Picasso . Guernica , right ? that 's what everybody say - although personally , I do not see the resemblance . what be you drink ? stu uhh - martini ? bull olive or eyeball ? stu olive . - where exactly be I ? bull Dark town . land of nightmare . I be bull . stu stu Miley . bull yeah , I have see a few of you dream . you be quite a celebrity down here . stu give he a cockey look . bull point to a monitor mount over the bar , on which a panicked man in pajamas be try to run barefoot through a great sticky sea of molass . bull I tell you , it 's the land of nightmare . same on every channel ... all the stuff people dream , after they have the extra anchovy . he change channel with a remote . now we see a guy fall through midair , arm and leg flail , fall , fall , fall ... stu jeez , it all look like bad late - night cable . bull sad commentary , huh ? now a small muffle voice speak from the area of stu' backpack : disembodied voice ( o.s. ) " bull , " huh ? that 's cute . what 's you last name - " shit " ?? bull ( turn angrily to stu ) I beg you pardon ? stu I do not say anything . voice ( o.s. ) Nice face . lemme guess . you be in a bullfight ... with a mack truck !! stu clap both hand over he mouth to prove he 's not the one talk . bull glower at he , snort steam out of both nostril . stu I be , uh , just get ready to leave ... bull yo , jumbo . we get we some kind of ventriloquist here . the elephant GOD from the wurlitzer organ come lumber over . voice ( o.s. ) well , hello , sailor . get a lot of date with that ding - do on you face ?? bull and jumbo rear back to punch stu' light out . he 's say he prayer when he backpack begin to bulge and quiver - and a SMALL furry beast pop out , cackling he head off !! monkeybone just kiddin ' , folk ! drink for everybody - ( point at stu ) on he !! hiya , boss !! bull and jumbo back off , stunned . the monkey grab stu' face and plant a big wet smooch right on he nose . stu scream . CUT to : int . hospital room - that moment - night tight on a eeg monitor . there 's a sudden blip on the readout . nurse just a spike , mar 'am . it happen . it 's perfectly natural with coma patient . julie I be a doctor too . I know this man 's brain - julie stroke stu 's limp hand . he 's comatose , cocoon in a tangle of wire and tube . his head and shoulder be heavily bandage . he 's hook up to as much machinery as you can cram into one room . doctor go home , Doctor . Rest . come back when you can do we some good . int . hospital - waiting room - night Dead on she foot , julie stumble toward the exit . as she 's leave she pass the waiting room - woman' voice Julie ? she turn and see a older colleague from work - alice - wait in the doorway . hover right behind alice be herb . and behind he - it appear that almost everyone in the wait room be a friend of julie and stu 's . dishevel and groggy , they rouse themselves and make they way over to julie 's side . she 's overcome with emotion . int . stu &amp ; julie' house - entry - night the sound of the key in the lock be meet by insane barking . julie and alice enter and be meet by buster , the pet basset - jump and yipping like crazy after 24 hour without food or human company . alice now do not pick a fight . I be stay over . julie oh , poor buster . he have not be feed in a day and a half . let I get some food ... alice kneel to play with the dog . she hear a sudden gasp from the kitchen . julie be stand by the open refrigerator , wear a absolutely stricken expression ... int . kitchen - that moment - night alice find julie hold a bottle of champagne - veuve clicquot La Grande Dame 1989 - all wrap up in a bow and ribbon . alice special occasion ? julie I do not know . I guess it be ... she burst into tear . alice sit she down at the kitchen table and take the champagne from she . alice do not get all poignant . we be keep this bottle on ice . when he come around you be go to need it . int . bathroom - later - night a limp julie soaking in a steamy tub , one arm dangle over the side . on the vanity be a frame photo strip , four pose for a dollar . in the first three , stu and julie be make outrageously goony face . in the fourth , they imitate the stern - face farm couple from american gothic . she gaze at it for a long , long time . eventually she smile . int . second bedroom / studio - night OPEN on two photo , mount in a single frame . on the leave , buster keaton , droopy -ey , in he familiar porkpie hat and vest . on the right , a photoshop image of buster the bassett hound , in the same pose , also wear keaton 's hat and vest . this photo be on the wall of the cramped room which serve as stu 's studio and julie 's office . monkeybone strip be scattered across the draft table . alice be make up the sofa as a guest bed . as she 's hang she coat in the closet she come across a acrylic canvas in the back , stashed behind a batter portfolio and a box full of spiral - bound sketchbook . she pull it out . she 's obviously disturb by it , but she can not tear she eye away ... she 's still gape at the painting when julie enter in a terrycloth robe . alice who do this ? julie stu . that be right about the time we meet . alice when he first come in to the sleep lab ? julie yeah ... before you time . the canvas depict a group of surgeon with the face of wolf . they be stand over a human patient , replace he internal organ with machine part . the style be at once cartoony and unsettle . alice Jesus , honey ... he always joke about you curing he , but I never realize what you cure he from . julie he have not get a good night 's sleep in year . the nightmare would wake he up , and he would start right in painting ... ( chuckle ) that boy look like pluperfect hell . alice 's gaze go from the nightmare painting to the monkeybone strip tack up over the draft table . alice how do you get from here - to there ? julie switch hand . alice what ? julie I be serious . it be bicameral disjunction - right brain and leave brain out of balance . he be a rightie , so I make he switch the pencil to he leave hand . just to see what would come out . a smile come to julie 's face . she settles in on the floor beside alice and dig through the various portfolio until she come up with a quickie cartoon on the back of a napkin - the prototype for ... alice monkeybone ? julie left-handed , he be funny . he would be do all this scary , intense work ... then he find out he could draw this stuff , and make I laugh , and he like that . ( shrugging ) and then the nightmare just ... stop . alice wow - two guy in the same brain . - which one do you fall in love with ? julie smile at the cartoon . she be not tell . julie I have put a ton of work into that boy , Alice . I be not go to let he get away from I . int . icu - morning julie , in she white lab coat , wander through intensive Care and find a woman hunch over stu 's bed , bawling her eye out . julie kimmy ...? kimmy look up . she 's cry so much she can barely recognize julie . kimmy oh , Julie ... my poor stu ...my poor baby brother ... julie when would you get in ? kimmy a hour ago . ( gather herself ) I try to prepare myself , but I do not know he would be like , like this . I can not even bear to look at he ... how about you ? you be okay ? julie I be fine , kimmy . Fine . kimmy I have so much I always want to say to he . at least he have a chance to give you the ring . julie the ring ... kimmy grandmama 's ring . the engagement ring . he ask I to send it to he - julie turn to look at stu in the bed . the certain knowledge that he be about to propose be like a knife in she heart . kimmy feel bad as well , have let the cat out of the bag , but before they can hash it out - voice from behind Mrs. brewster ? Julie ? I be Dr. edelstein . cheery dr . edelstein enter . he shake hand with the woman , then check stu 's readout , make notation on he clipboard . dr . edelstein vital sign have stabilize . that 's good . kimmy can you give we a realistic sense of my brother 's chance ? dr . edelstein he 's hold on this far . we can not do much but wait and see . kimmy but this ... machine be what 's keep he alive , be that right ? this remark send a shiver down julie 's spine , but she keep silent . dr . edelstein at the moment , yes . kimmy can you give I a realistic idea ... of how long this be go to last ? dr . edelstein comas be unpredictable . he could wake up today , tomorrow , a month from now ... kimmy honey , I have to clarify this . the thing be , Dr. edelstein , my brother have a absolute horror of doctor - hospital - needle - all of it - julie kimmy , he do not know what 's go on . he do not even know he 's in a - kimmy please , Julie . this be not easy for I . we father take a long time to die . a long time . it just about kill we all . and stu and I make a pact that when we time come - we would not let it drag out . julie it 's too soon even to - talk about that ! kimmy give I a date , Doctor . dr . edelstein Three month . ( pause ) there 's always some brain damage . but at three month ... the chance of come back shrink dramatically with every day . kimmy I want he to have every chance , Doctor . we can certainly give it ... three month . no one say anything . but both woman look at stu , and then at each other , and everyone know exactly where everyone else stand . julie have a sink feel that stu be work on a 3 - month deadline . dissolve to : insert - television screen a beauty pageant - shapely ingenue in evening gowns be introduce by a emcee with enormous tooth . emcee and now the last of we five finalist ... miss Michigan ... GEORGE T. willoughby ! GEORGE be a pudgy shmoe with a small pencil mustache who 's wear glass , a necktie , and nothing else . he step forward , hold a briefcase in front of he crotch , look extremely mortified . emcee and now George will give we he analysis of Heisenberg 's uncertainty principle as it pertain to third - world economics !! camera pull back - and we realize we be in : int . coma bar - night where bull the bartender and a number of patron be watch GEORGE 's nightmare on the tv mount over the bar . onscreen , nude GEORGE be sweat bullet . he have no idea what to say , and the audience be beginning to laugh at he . in a desperate , feeble attempt to buy time ... he begin to sing . GEORGE I be gonna wash that man right outta my hair ! in fact he go into a little softshoe , keep the briefcase poise over he crotch . unfortunately , the case pop OPEN , dump frilly lingerie all over the stage . the weep GEORGE must crawl around on all four to retrieve it ... by now the onlooker at the bar be cracking up . all except one - the lonely , disconsolate fellow on the last stool , nursing a martini - stu . bull hey , stu , why so glum ? everybody love a good humiliation nightmare . stu Three month , bull . Three month tonight . Three month since the accident - and I be no closer to go home than I be then . bull aw , buck up . have another ' tini . stu I be sick of martinis . I be sick of the wait , and the carnival ride , and watch people 's nightmare . and of course , I need not add - he grimace at monkeybone , who 's stretch out atop the mighty wurlitzer at the other end of the room . the mermaid chanteuse be sing a Dietrich number , " the laziest gal in town " - or at least try to , because monkeybone be caterwaul behind she . by the time she get to the grand finale , he 's practically baying at the moon . piss off , she shake she fist at monkeybone and pull the lid of she clamshell shut . this suit monkeybone just fine , as it leave he alone in the spotlight to soak up what little applause there be . monkeybone thank you , thank you for that very modest response . I know you be all in coma , but still . and now ... it 's dedication time ! he gesture to jumbo , the elephant organist , who begin to vamp . monkeybone we have get a special dedication tonight . this one 's from my ever-lovin ' boss , Mr. stu mopey - I mean Miley - and we be sendin ' it up to a very special lady in the land of the live . yes , I do mean Julie - the beautiful miss Julie - who , if she have a brain in she head , be shack up right now with some good - lookin ' doc she meet in the e.r.! ( point at stu ) just kidding , buddy ! because if we know anything about miss Julie , we know she be faithful , loyal , and true . even if she boyfriend be a eggplant . which be why we be dedicate ... this very special tune ... to her. jumbo ? jumbo 's tasteful vamp give way to a raunchy rock beat - and monkeybone begin strutting across the top of the piano , bump and grind and shaking he booty to the tune of - monkeybone mah baby do the hanky - panky ! unhh ! mah baby do the hanky - panky ! unhh ! monkeybone sing the same poignant line over and over until stu come storming over from the bar and yank he off the wurlitzer by the scruff of he scrawny neck . a trouper to the end , monkeybone wave at the crowd even as stu drag he off to a empty table in the farthest corner of the room . stu you have humiliate I in public for the last time . monkeybone I doubt that . besides , I can not help myself . I be just a figment of you imagination . stu then you can learn to act normally . I have to ! monkeybone aw , come on . you know you love I . you be a masochistic pain freak . you gotta love I . stu I be not . and I do not gotta . monkeybone wave and wink at every female who pass by . stu whacks he upside the head . monkeybone you be too ! moon over Julie when we could both be gettin ' some o' this fine local action . it 's not like she 's gonna know . out of town , under five minute , and in a coma do not count . stu sorry . the woman here be not my type . most of they be not even my species . cocktail waitress kitty , a seven - foot cat - face feline sex bomb , arrive in she skimpy black dress and show stu a cheshire - cat grin . monkeybone recline , odalisque - style , on the table . monkeybone hellooooooooo , Kitty . kitty hiya , stu. refill on that martini ? monkeybone I would like something with a umbrella in it and a really smutty name . like a ... sex behind the sofa with you Parents in the same room watch " the brady bunch . " stu nothing for he ! he 's be repress . kitty be something wrong , stu ? you seem so tense . monkeybone aaah , it 's the same as always ... poor mope 's just wishin ' he be I . stu I have be try to get through to the head guy - the nightmare god - what 's he name ? kitty hypnos ? stu yeah . to see if he could expedite my case . but I wait , and I wait , and ... I be start to think I will never see she again . a softie at heart , kitty sit across from stu and take he hand . stu I shoulda propose , Kitty . that way at least she would know how I feel . that way she would ... wait for I . she lean forward sympathetically . from this particular vantage , monkeybone have a unobstructed view of kitty 's cleavage . and so do stu - although he 's not quite as obvious about stare . kitty she be wait for you , stu . I know she be . guy like you do not come along that often . believe I , I know . monkeybone slink over behind stu - up onto he shoulder - and whisper into he ear : monkeybone my fellow Americans . I have a dream . let we boldly go where no man have go before . stu ( try to ignore he ) I be sorry , Kitty - what be you say ? kitty I mean it , stu . you be one in a million . kitty be hold the cleavage pose for a unnaturally long time . her furry tail begin to swing back and forth playfully in the air . it 's hypnotic - like a windshield wiper . stu stare at it . monkeybone stare at it . and monkeybone's tail respond by straighten ... stiffening ... bend upward slightly . stu I be not so special . I be just - kind of - stu be suddenly aware of something long , red , and wet unrol onto he shoulder . it 's a tongue ... dangle out of monkeybone's OPEN mouth . stu let out a yowl of SHOCK . blush bright red , he grab the tongue and shove it manually back into the monkey mouth whence it come . monkeybone come on , pal ! it be a compliment ! you 'da do the same if you have the equipment ! stu that doe it ! back in the pack ! monkeybone forget it ! no way ! i'm not getting - stu lunge at monkeybone - who jump over he , bound off the edge of the table , and grab hold of a chandelier . monkeybone I be reportin ' this to my union !! stu what union ? monkeybone the sidekick ' union ! I , Tonto , and Robin the Boy wonder . you top bananas better watch you ass ! stu grab a chair and swing it at the chandelier . monkeybone make a series of submarine noise - monkeybone dive ! dive !! - and dive - directly between kitty 's breast into she skimpy black dress !! stu circle around kitty , follow the undulate monkey - size blob that 's tunnelling around under she dress . finally monkeybone pop out of the back of the dress and nuzzle kitty' ear : monkeybone I leave my phone number in you undy . try not to lose it in traffic . stu sorry , Kitty ! I will be right back after I choke my monkey . monkeybone run under the pool table . stu be give chase when - suddenly - a door blow open in the chill night wind . everyone in the bar freeze in place . for there , in the doorway , be a loom , ominous figure - the most dread figure in all of Dark town - - a grim reaper , nine foot tall and swinging a scythe , come to take some hapless coma victim to the land of death ! eerie wind whistle and the shroud flutter in the night breeze as the reaper look from face to face . for a moment he focus on stu . stu back away involuntarily , with a mount sense of dread ... and monkeybone jump into he arm , cling to he fearfully . but the reaper move on - past each coma victim in turn - finally stopping in front of a tiny , wizened , prunelike old gent in a wheelchair , who look to be 110 year old at least . monkeybone him . whew . about time ! reaper earl biegler . i've come - earl can not hear you , young fellow . speak up ! reaper earl biegler , I 've come to give you - aw , hell . here . gasp of anticipation all around the room as the reaper hand earl a long white envelope . earl open it slowly and remove ... ... a oversize rectangular ticket ... the size of a hershey bar , make of solid gold , with the letter " E " stamp upon it . various character around the barroom react , in hushed voice : bull a e-ticket ! patron he get a reprieve . kitty good for he ! he 's gonna wake up ! earl throw he crutch aside , jump out of he chair , and dance a jig , wave the ticket over he head . stu stare at he with naked envy . stu no. no. not he . earl so long , sucker ! see you in the funny papers ! earl do a end - zone dance toward the door . one by one , other patron get up from they seat to watch earl 's departure . ext . coma bar - street - night the coma victims shuffle toward a big ride across the midway . it 's a " test you strength " machine - the kind where you slam down a mallet and try to ring the bell . it 's surround by crocodile moat and storm fence and electrify barb wire , and a big sign read private - no admittance . earl , still jubilant , insert he e-ticket into a receptacle at the entrance . a drawbridge lower , and carousel music crank up , and carnival light blink on , and firework rocket into the sky ... all around they , face turn skyward . cloud be parting . a eddy of swirl color be form directly above the e-ticket ride - and a pinpoint hole open up at its center . the " test you strength " machine have be outfit with a seat where the bell - ringer should be . once earl have settle in , a giant mechanical man lift its enormous mallet ... ... and slam it down on the lever end of the machine , send earl rocketing upward toward the hole in the sky . ding !! the seat hit the bell , but earl keep go - up - up - up ... then , with a distinct pop , he 's go . over the rainbow ... home . stu he 's ninety . he 's practically dead already . how come he go back and I stay here ? monkeybone maybe he want to pick out he own casket ? stu ( turn abruptly ) hey !! hey , you !! stu march across the street to the grim reaper - who 's climb onto he winged bicycle and seem shocked that anyone would want to chat with he . monkeybone scurries alongside , terrify . stu he get a e-ticket . where 's mine ? when do I get to wake up ?? monkeybone stu ? stu ? let 's not disturb the nice reaper . stu I have be stick down here for month . somebody have better start pay attention , or I be gonna - I be gonna kick ass ! monkeybone let 's not kick the nice reaper 's ass . monkeybone practically swoon . but the reaper just stare at stu : reaper sorry , bud . off-duty . the reaper climb onto he winge bike and pedal off down the midway . stu let out a howl of frustration . monkeybone stu ? stu ? let 's calm down , talk thing over . how about some comedy relief ? okay . brontosaurus walk into a gay bar ... stu boot monkeybone aside . they're at a game stall manned by elsie the cow - the one where you throw baseball at milk bottle . stu pick up a baseball and hurl it at the depart reaper . the ball hit the reaper smack on the head , knock he off he bike ! stu / monkeybone ( in unison - impressed ) damn . monkeybone cower in fear as the reaper get up , shaking a fist at they . but stu be not intimidate . he grab another ball and wind up . monkeybone stu ? stu ? I think weve get this backwards . you behavior ... be disturbing I . the reaper , scared shitless , jump back on he bike and pedal off as the ball whizze past . stu start chase after he ! the reaper turn down a side street and pedal up a incline - one of the " finger " of the hand that hold Dark town . when the bike hit the end of the finger , it take off into the void and keep on go . stu that 's right . run ! and do not come back unless you have get my e-ticket !! the reaper vanish . stu sit dejectedly on the edge of the curb . stu who be I kid ? I be never gonna get out of here . I will never see she again . just then , a multi-armed messenger boy in royal livery toodle past on a child scooter . he stop ... messenger boy Miley ? stu Miley ? stu look up . six arm reach into six pocket . finally the messenger find a envelope and hand it over . Inside be a engraved invitation : you be invite to a pajama party at hypnos ' hideaway penthouse suite - 10 pm sharp " if you snooze , you lose " stu' eye widen with excitement as the messenger scoot off . stu hypnos ! the god of nightmare ! do you know what this mean , monkeybone ? he 's finally go to hear my case . I be go home ! dissolve to : int . stu' private room - morning as she 's do every morning for the last three month , julie brushes stu' teeth . although she look a bit more wear and haggard than when we see she last , she always affect a cheerful manner around stu - on the off chance that he might be aware of she presence . she pack the toothbrush away , run a hand along he stubbly cheek . julie I think we can go another day without shave . Long as you do not look like you be grow one of that stupid little goatee . she open up the entertainment section of the daily newspaper . julie hey , there 's a article about the monkeybone show . they have run that one episode about eight time now . herb say it get higher rating every time ... they be hope you will give them some new material soon ... ( long , bored pause ) wanna hear another joke ? she refold the paper and reach into a bedside drawer for a paperback entitle the Book of raunch . she page through it for a moment . julie okay ... let I see ... here we go . a plane full of explorer crashland in New guinea ; they be capture by a cannibal tribe and take to the chief 's hut , where ... wait a minute . I know this one ... ( read ahead ) you stinker ! you swipe this joke for a monkeybone strip ! she whacks he on the arm with the book . no response at all . julie okay . let 's try again . why do the pervert cross the road ? the sound of sobbing interrupt she joke . she look up and see kimmy stand in the doorway , red -ey and cry . julie kimmy ! what 's the matter ? kimmy this be hard for I , Julie ... very hard ... but it 's be three month now , and ... ( long pause ) I give the order . julie just stare at she for a beat or two , refuse to understand . then it sink in . her hand go to she mouth in horror and grief . fade through to : ext . hypnospire - establishing - night camera track up the seemingly endless length of the hypnospire - up , up , through a heavy layer of cloud , to the rotating penthouse dome of the building ... ... which be festoon with oodle of 18- inch dss satellite dish . int . hyp' hideaway - night elevator door open , and we glide into the swank , swingin ' , space - age bachelor pad of hypnos , God of sleep . a giant fly cupid welcome we , tiny bumblebee wing somehow keep he vast bulk aloft . hyp' hideaway occupy the entire penthouse floor , and there 's always a party in full effect . a rotate disco ball flash color light on wall , floor , and ceiling cover with shockadelic op - art pattern . monkeybone now this ... be livin' . of course , a party need party animal - and the darktowner on the scene be in fine fettle , work up a sweat on the dance floor . dj sleepy ZZZ be have three turntable spin at once . as stu wander through , he get a big surprise . reproduction of he old nightmare painting be hang on the wall ! they have be turn into one -sheet for the come attraction at the morpheum . monkeybone y'call that art ? why , my three - year- old can paint better than that . stu like you would know . you start out on the back of a napkin , you little ... doodle . scowl at each other , the boy turn they back and part way . we follow monkeybone to the wet bar , where he almost immediately bump into a statuesque gorgon with a full head of writhe snake . monkeybone hey ! like the do . so tell I , be you a , uhh ... natural snakehead ? gorgon only fifty dollar to find out . monkeybone fifty dollar ?! bite I ! gorgon you get it , big boy . he grin and shrug : what the hell . as they head for a back room , the bartender hand he a snakebite kit . a look of apprehension cross monkeybone 's face . but before he can change he mind , the gorgon' hand yank he out of frame . stu , meanwhile , be crossing the dance floor , move among glitter animal - people who dance in they bizarre , uninhibit way . a five - legged woman - the bottom half of she body a big human hand - smile at stu as he pass . he try to talk to she , but she 's dance , and with five constantly move leg it 's difficult to get in close . stu say , have you see Mr. hypnos ? hand woman hyp ? he be here a while ago . be not you stu Miley ? the nightmare guy ? stu grin meekly , nod yes . she pull he over to dance . hand woman I hear you be go to be here tonight . this be so cool ! jumbo the elephant GOD be dance in ungainly fashion nearby . his trunk swing out and hit one of the hand woman be arm - which snap off like marble statuary . before she can let out a squeal , he do it again . now she 's armless - a regular venus de milo ! hand woman you fat slob ! watch what you be do ! jumbo why do not you slap I ? go on , slap I ! hand woman come on , stu . let 's go where the real fun be . she lead he over to the sink live room . among the other guest , we see a cyclop , a yeti , a bbq pig . a number of sofa and lounge chair be arrange around a big crystal orb in the center of the room . the orb be where nightmare happen . although the perspective shift and the locale change abruptly , as in a movie , all the nightmare have a 3 - D quality - as if they be take place right here in the room with we ! stu wow . live feed , huh ? hand woman you bet . hyp get all the best stuff before it go out to the theatre . stu grin in anticipation . he find a empty chair and start to sit down - but there 's a slug with a man' head already in it ! slug with a man' head hey ! stu sorry . stu pick another seat . the hand woman sidle up alongside he . hand woman shh ! there 's a new one just start . ext . field of flowers ( nightmare orb ) in long shot we see a handsome young couple dress in paisley print . emerging from a sylvan glade , they kiss in golden sunlight . then the man break free - sprint through knee-high sunflower to the middle of the field , where a picnic blanket be wait . closeup - stu he face goe pale as he recognize the man in the paisley shirt . stu that - that 's I . cyclop Nice shirt , dude ! ext . field of flowers ( nightmare orb ) - day paisley -shirt stu pour champagne for two . toast he beloved - who be , of course , julie , the dreamer of the dream . he pull out a little velvet ring BOX and offer it to she . but when she try to take it , he pull it away , teasing she , and steal a kiss . suddenly the two of they be lock in a tight embrace , roll together through the flower , laughing , full of joy . int . hyp' hideaway - that moment the darktowner be rub they hand together in anticipation of horror to come . stu look from one misshapen face to the next , he heart pound with dread . stu what be this ? who 's dream this ?? ( beat ) Julie ?? yeti hey , keep it down ! ext . field of flowers ( nightmare orb ) - day julie roll onto she back on the grass , face aglow . only to realize ... that stu be no longer there beside her . she look around . get to she foot . turn . and the background behind she morph suddenly into ... int . hospital room ( nightmare orb ) the room be decorate for a farewell party , complete with streamer and confetti . kimmy , dr . edelstein , various medical personnel and friend be wear party hat , lift champagne glass in a toast to the guest of honor ... the comatose stu ! int . hyp' hideaway - that moment the darktowner cluster around the orb can barely conceal they animal excitement . it 's obvious that the nightmare they be watch be more than mere entertainment - they get some kind of addictive , visceral charge from the spectacle of human terror . stu julie !! he try to push he way forward to the orb . a angry cyclop elbow he aside . a yeti grab he coat and push he out of the way . hand woman stu !! what be you do ? chill out !! int . hospital room ( nightmare orb ) comatose stu stand in the center of the room , upright and immobile in a party hat . a weird umbilical cord extend from he navel to a huge groan bellows device - like a artificial lung , it 's all that keep he breathe . edelstein hand a pair of oversize ceremonial scissor to kimmy , and she cut the cord , as if open a new mall . applause all around . julie race toward stu in slo - mo , shrieking - - as he deflate into a limp puddle of flesh before she eye !! julie no. no. stu ! int . hyp' hideaway - on stu julie 's distress be kill he . yet all around he , darktowner be cackle they head off , growl , howling , punch they fist in the air like rowdy drunk at a football game . he lose it altogether . stu julie ! i'm here , doc ! don't let they pull the plug ! i'm here !!! he will not be stop this time . he make for the orb - climb over sofa , push guest aside , knock over they drink - cyclop hey ! watch it , you stinkin ' gringo - stu julie ! i'm here ! I love you ! somehow , julie have hear he !! down in the nightmare orb , she dream self be look up , try to locate the source of stu 's disembody voice ! he struggle to reach the orb , but the cyclop be hold he back . julie stu? stu ...? stu break free and fling himself on the orb - which short out in a haze of smoke and spark , abruptly end the nightmare . julie 's image vanish - and stu grope at the air , despairing . int . stu' private room - night the real julie awaken suddenly and let out a scream of she own . julie stu !!!! only now do she realize where she be . she 's fall asleep in the visitor 's chair next to stu 's bed . the clock on the wall read 1:15 am . stu' readout be spike like crazy . int . hyp' hideaway - that moment - night stu be be drag across the dance floor by the yeti and jumbo the elephant GOD . hand woman bring up the rear . jumbo who invite this schmuck , anyway ? hand woman oh , it 's my fault . I think he be cooler than that . stu listen . please . it 's my girlfriend . I have gotta get a message to she ... but just then a hush fall over the room , and someone scream ... woman' voice hyp !!! a wall panel do a 180 - degree turn , and a circular bed rotate into the room . languish atop it , garbe in a silk robe which exactly match the black &amp ; white checkerboard pattern of the bedspread ... ... be a chubby , grinning , sleepy -eyed satyr , with horn and hoof . two wasp women be with he on the bed , brush he furry goat leg and feed he grape . as stu fight he way over , he see a odd lump wriggle under the bedcover . out pop monkeybone , clutching a bottle of champagne ! monkeybone I know I leave it in there somewhere . he shake the bottle , pop the cork , and sprays spurting bubbly at hypnos , the girl , and everyone else within fire range ! hypnos haw ! I like a monkey with vision ! monkeybone you say it , partner ! hilarity all around . stu snatch monkeybone off the bed - stu how would you get in there ? monkeybone stu ... it 's a party . stu Mr. hypnos - sir - I need to talk to you - hypnos wait a minute . stu Miley , right ? boy and girl ... Mr. stu Miley , in the house ! ( lead a round of applause ) this be a honor . we see a lot of nightmare down here , but yours be like caviar , man . you da shit !! stu Mr. hypnos , I see a dream . my girlfriend be have it . she dream they be pull the plug on I . she be watch I die . hypnos uh huh . and ? stu well , I have to get a message to she . I have to let she know I be okay . until I can get out of here ... a vaguely embarrassed look cross hypnos 's face . all the nearby darktowner stare at they shoe , clear they throat . stu ... which be actually what I want to talk to you about . see , I have be here three month - with a brusque gesture , hypnos send the party girl pack . he sling one arm around stu 's shoulder and pull he aside . hypnos kid - do not they tell you about this party ? stu tell I what ? hypnos it 's a special kind of party . a farewell party . do you ... get what I be say ? stu farewell ? you mean - you mean I be - stu explode with joy . he practically dance a jig . stu i'm go home ! i'm waking up ! hey , everybody ! i'm outta here . I ... one by one , the celebrant turn they back and slink discreetly away . stu I think I ... I be about to ... be I mistaken , or do not I get to ... be there some ... hypnos y'see , stu , as I understand it , you make this pact with you sister ... no life support ? monkeybone 's jaw drop . he slap himself across the forehead . monkeybone pact ? pact ? no life support ?? stu well - yeah - but that do not ... apply . it be different then . I be depressed . my life be great now . I be in love ! monkeybone march back and forth across the bed , wear a dimwit 's expression as he mock stu in a singsongy voice ... monkeybone pull the plug ! pull the plug ! take my organ ! I do not need them ! I do not need no ! life support ! I be a idiot ! pull the pl -- stu grab the monkey and clamp a hand over he mouth . stu besides , Julie would not ... she would never ... hypnos actually , stu , Julie do not get to decide . that 's why she be have the nightmare . ( a embarrassed shrug ) they be pull the plug at nine am . stu nine am ! but that 's - twelve hour . in check he watch , stu remove he hand from monkeybone 's mouth . the singsong resume ... monkeybone I be so dumb ! I deserve to die - stu Mr. hypnos , you run this place . I be begging you . there 's gotta be something I can do . hypnos stu , I like you personally , I admire you work , but I be just the God of sleep . this be death 's bailiwick . stu maybe you could talk to death ! hypnos me? I , go crawl to death ? my friend , it will be a cold , cold day in Las Vegas , nevada , before I go crawl to that piece of - hyp shut up . look around the room , as if he 's afraid of be overhear . then he gesture to the boy to join he on the bed . they climb aboard eagerly . hypnos hit he remote ... int . hypnos' bedroom - on bed ... and they rotate away from the party . privacy at last . hypnos now death be not what you would call a people person , like I . death be a putz - and I should know . I be he little brother . stu you be death 's brother ? hypnos oh yeah . Mr. by- the-book , stick - up-the - ass , my- way-or-the-highway death . believe I - over the course of eternity , you get pretty damned tired of that schtick . ( spread he hand ) so I need a job . he stick I in this broke- down amusement park , with a buncha animal to run it . I be suppose to be grateful ? monkeybone the penthouse be pretty swank , though . hypnos thank you . I decorate it myself . stu guy , I do not mean to be rude , but I only have eleven hour and fifty - three minute to ... hypnos oh , right . cheate death . there 's one thing you might try . only one guy in history ever pull it off . well , actually two . actually , no , there be that other guy who ... well , very few people have do it . stu hyp , I will do anything . monkeybone I too . and I mean anything . ask the chick in the back room . hypnos you have see that e-ticket , right ? well , what you gotta do ... be go into the land of death ... and steal a e-ticket right out from under death 's nose . stu land of death . how do I get there ? hypnos kid , listen : that 's all I be say . and you do not hear it from I . hyp hit the remote . the bed begin to rotate outward again . hypnos you have hear of a fate worse than death ? that 's what 's wait for you if you screw up . int . hyp' hideaway - a moment later hyp give the boy a wink and a thumb - up , then wander off to shmooze he other guest . monkeybone shake stu 's hand . monkeybone fate worse than death ! well , it 's be real , boss , but I gotta go buff up my resum . anybody here need a figment ? stu Fine ! do not put yourself out . I will go to the land of death alone . monkeybone stu , you have my absolute confidence . - dead man ! dead man walking !! stu ( grab he by the throat ) I have get one chance to get back to Julie , and I be gonna take it - with or without you . he turn and stalk off . monkeybone stand there blink . monkeybone hey . be not you gonna talk I into it ? stu no. Goodbye . thanks for nothing . stun , monkeybone scurries along behind he , pleading . monkeybone you gotta talk I into it . you will screw up on you own . I mean , a guy 's gotta have a sidekick . for moral support ! wisecrack - snappy banter - ( wrapping himself around stu 's leg ) it 's the land of death , stu , the land of death ! do not go in there without you comedy relief !! stu all right . you can come . monkeybone oh , thank you ! thank you ! th -- ( suddenly realize ) something go very , very wrong here . stu now we just gotta figure out how to get there . as if in reply , a pale , spectral presence come drift across the dance floor - a eight - foot - tall grim reaper . the boy duck behind a potted plant to watch as he zeroe in on the wet bar - where a beautiful coma victim , lulu , be drunkenly make out with another sloshed corpse- to - be , fred . reaper lulu LA rue . I have come for you . lulu do not notice . she continue grapple with fred . muttering , the reaper dive in and try to disentangle they . reaper lulu LA rue , I have come for - lulu shay , you be kinda cute . she ditch fred and throw she arm around the reaper . repulsed , he push she away , prop she against the nearest wall - - and touch her with one bony finger above the heart ! it 's like throw a switch . her body stiffen . her eye cross . her tongue droops out of she mouth . she make a noise like a dial tone . the true horror of death be that it make you look like a total idiot . the reaper pull a collapsible hand truck from beneath he shroud and start maneuver lulu onto it . fred say there . how ' bout one for the road ? the reaper ignore he . fred hold up a cocktail glass . fred hold this for I , pally . the reaper heave a sigh and take the cocktail glass . fred grab a pitcher fill with some luminescent tropical concoction ... ... and pour it down the reaper 's front ! fred ooopsy daisy . on stu and monkeybone - behind the plant wincing at the reaper in he sopping wet , pink -stain shroud . monkeybone be that what they call " death with dignity " ? the reaper wring out he shroud and grab the hand truck . as he wheel lulu past the boy , monkeybone pop up with a helpful hint : monkeybone two word for you , my friend : club soda . stu clap a hand over mb 's mouth as the reaper turn down a hall . ext . dark town gate - night the still - mutter reaper wheel lulu toward the entrance to Dark town . the boy be skulking along behind he at a discreet distance . stu he 's take she to the land of death , right ? so all we have gotta do be ... hitch a ride ! ( beat ) stop shaking ! I will protect you . monkeybone oh , sure . Mr. action hero ! why could not I be Arnold schwarzenegger 's figment ? the reaper approach the gate . he press a remote- control beeper and the mesh tooth of the gate slide back far enough to let he pass through . stu realize they have only get a instant to make they move . he dive through the gate at top speed . as soon as he 's on the other side , he hear a nasty clang behind he ... monkeybone be catch - he body contort like a pretzel , woven in and out among the mesh tooth ! stu give he a good hard yank , and he slip out like a strand of fettuccine . they hear rumbling on the track outside . a car be arrive ! ext . dark town gate - other side - night the reaper load lulu into the little roller - coaster and climb aboard . the car begin to move . stu and monkeybone get there just in time to jump onto the luggage rack in the back ! on roller -coaster - moving - that moment they peep over the back of the car at the reaper and wonder what to do next . monkeybone spy a tool kit mount under the rack - open it , and pull out a big , nasty monkeywrench . the boy nod in agreement . monkeybone clamber over the back of the car and hoist the wrench . stu cover he eye . whang ! stu look up - see a confuse monkeybone alone in the car with lulu . now he clamber into the car as well . stu where would he go ?? monkeybone I do not know . there 's no trace of the reaper - except for a rumple shroud , a wristwatch , and a St. Christopher 's medal on the floor of the car . the boy exchange a puzzle shrug . monkeybone try on the watch . dissolve to : int . sleep lab - pre-dawn the wall clock say it 's not quite 3 am , yet julie have manage to round up all she co-worker : alice , hutch , clarissa , et al . they be groggy , dishevel , un -made - up , unshaven . but they be there . julie six hour . that 's when they pull the plug . that 's how long we have get to wake he up . ( beat ) now this be stu 's old chart from five year ago , when he first come to the sleep lab ... she point to a series of easel where hutch and alice have be tack up eeg printout , engram map , etc . julie ... they show incredibly intense nightmare activity . the chart below be he new chart ... the lower chart show a jagged spike virtually identical to the one on the upper chart . julie pause for effect - then pull on the edge of the lower chart , open it up like a gatefold - the onlooker gasp . open accordion - style , the lower chart show the same spike recur again and again , ten time over ! hutch Holy shit . julie he 's stick in a loop - a nightmare loop . ( beat ) anybody here know what oneirix be ? clarissa sure - it 's a enzyme . the brain secrete it during violent dream activity ... hutch it 's nightmare juice . Julie and I be on the team that learn to synthesize it . if that chart be right , stu 's swim in the stuff . ( puzzle ) be you think we can decrease the level ? julie no . I want to give he more . I want to give he a massive dose . hutch that 's not go to stop he nightmare - julie I do not want to stop the nightmare , hutch . I want to crank it up . I want to take it right off the chart . I want to scare he awake . the group exchange nervous glance : it 's risky . julie clap she hand : julie all right ! we have a plan . let 's move ! as the group swing into action , hutch pull julie aside . hutch you know , Julie , even if this work - which it probably will not - that stuff be tricky . you do not know what it will do to he brain . julie what will it do if they pull the plug ? dissolve to : int . land of death - night a panoramic view of a impossibly grand , gild - Age train station . a central turntable be the hub for dozen of tunnel , which converge like the spoke of a wheel , disgorge long train full of dead passengers from all over the world . Far above , in the dizzying reach of the vault dome that crown the station , reapers on flying bicycle spiral about like mosquito , bring dead soul to they final reward . this be thanatopolis - land of death - truly the end of the line . a wet squeegee scrape across the frame - wield by a grim reaper in a jumpsuit bear the logo of " land of death window washer , inc . " the noise be irritate , so a reaper on the inside snap the venetian blind shut , cut off we view . camera pull back , and we realize we have be see all this through the wall - to - wall window of ... int . death' office - night it look like the observation bridge in the nose of the nautilus ; the decor be ornate , and the office equipment - vacuum tube , pipe intercom , etc . - be on loan from the Jules verne Museum of defunct Technology . reapers be bustling about everywhere . one of they push a hand truck laden with oversize crate bear the label " dead soul . " reaper batch of soul - just back from Processing . death' assistant put they over there with the other . he unload the crate in a corner of the room , where score of crate soul be already pile up . death' assistant you grimness ? we have a new shipment - death ( o.s . ) yeah , yeah , yeah ... I will get to it ... we can not see death himself - just the back of a tall swivel chair . with much creak , it rotate around - bring we face - to- face with ... closeup - death he 's not at all what you would expect . he 's a chubby -cheek , bespectacle accountant type ... a harry bureaucrat , just try to do he job . there 's something sweet , almost avuncular about he . there 's a open crate of dead soul on he desk . Dead soul take the form of perforated paper doll ... two- dimensional , underwear -clad , usually wear expression of shock . death pull a sheet from the box , detach the dead soul , and outfit it with a cut - out toga . now he place it in a big diorama - with oodle of toga- clad soul stare up at a scale model of a active volcano . he throw a switch and beam as the volcano spit blob of ketchup into the air . death last day of pompeii ... now there be a great moment in death . death' assistant if I may point out ... it be 12:05 ... death , grumble , dig into the box and pull out another soul . his eye light up . he clutches the sheet with tremble hand . death I can not believe - oh , man , I - sinatra !! do you know how long I have be wait for this ? sure enough , the doll on the sheet be ol ' Blue eye . death dig in a desk drawer and pull out a shoebox diorama ... dino and sammy stand at microphone , with a third , center mike conspicuously open . death' assistant make that 12:07 , you bleakness ... the dispatch team be wait ... grumpy , death shove frank , dean , and sammy back in the drawer . death okay , okay , send them in . jeez . int . death' office - continuous - day a flunky open the office door , and a long line of reapers glide in . death lug a enormous musty leather - bound book over to a long table . he snap he finger and whistle . his pet hellhound - a tiny plump weiner dog , with a horned death' head for a face , come skitter across the office floor and jump into he lap . meanwhile , the assistant turn on a chugge , card - shuffle univac computer , which spit out a length of tickertape . assistant chakasandra Singh , New Delhi . snakebite . death check the name against the master list in he big ledger . he pull out a document and put he stamp on it - the death warrant . this he give to the reaper at the head of the line . assistant mulrooney , lavinia P. , dearborn , Michigan . head crush in a pants press . as the line move along , we notice a odd - look reaper near the desk . his gait be wobbly . his head bob independently of the rest of he body . there 's a big , luminescent stain on the front of he shroud . death you !!! everyone freeze as death point a bony finger directly at the wobbly reaper with the iridescent stain . death you be the customer , okay ? you be about to die . it 's a big occasion . a formal occasion . and as you shuffle off this mortal coil , the last thing you eye behold be a grim reaper cover with ... ( sputtering ) what the hell be that ?? two voice come out from under the shroud at once : stu monkeybone cranberry margarita . sex on the Beach . much coughing and throat-clearing from under the shroud . by now death' lapdog be growling at the stained reaper , and death can not hear what anyone be say . he shush the dog . death ... what ?? stu monkeybone salty dog. sufferin ' bastard . the little hellhound yip viciously . death whacks he on the rump . death well - whatever it be - you get that shroud to the dry cleaner asap ! now where be we ? assistant Clarke P. devereaux , San Francisco . complication result from coma ... death oh , wait . say here he 's suppose to recover . a loud chorus of " a wwwww 's " from the disappointed reapers . death stamp the word " reprieve " on Clarke 's warrant . his assistant cross the room . in the far wall be a steel - reinforce vault door with a hydraulic wheel - the kind you see at bank . the assistant dial in a combination , turn the wheel , laboriously pull the door open and step inside ... ... return , a moment later , with a priceless gold e-ticket !! the upper half of the stained reaper begin to gyrate wildly . closeup - on stu - under the shroud monkeybone be do a agitate tap dance on he head . his tail whip repeatedly across stu' face . int . death' office - back to scene the reaper in front of the boy stare at the e-ticket , crestfallen . death take this to Dark town . sad to say , he 's gonna live another forty year . ( a consol pat on the shoulder ) sorry . nobody say this job would be easy . the assistant hand the reaper a yellow mailman' pouch contain the e-ticket . but before he can depart , the stained reaper - aka stu and monkeybone - jump to the front of the line . monkeybone say , death , just out of curiosity , could we maybe swap job with that other guy ? see , we have be meaning to drop in on Dark town - I mean I have be meaning to ... death be stunne by this unprecedented breach of protocol . the other reapers in the line be abuzz . death ... I beg you pardon ? monkeybone I get relative there . i...eep !! closeup - on stu - under shroud a enraged stu be yanking on monkeybone's tail , signal he to shut up . monkeybone , in pain , squeal repeatedly . finally he reach down and punch stu in the nose . int . death' office - back to scene the blow send stu staggering . death and the other reapers look on in astonishment as the stained reaper do a bizarre dance across the floor , top half and bottom half move independently . miraculously , he manage to right himself and regain he balance . death now what be you say ? stu / monkeybone ( in unison ) nothing . death I would like to have a word with you in private . he stand and gesture toward a side room . the boy follow . the little hellhound scamper out from behind the desk ... ... and grab the hem of there shroud in its tooth ! the boy keep on walk , but the shroud stay behind . somehow they go three or four step before they realize they have be expose . death jump a foot in the air and shriek . pandemonium erupt . death impostors !! get ' em !! the boy back toward the big window overlook the trainyard . the reapers close in on they , brandishing there scythes . death hypnos ! that little twerp ! he 's the one who put you up to this ! with a screech , monkeybone leap into the air , bound over the head and shoulder of the advance reapers , and snatch the yellow e-ticket pouch from the guy death give it to . he bound over a table and into stu 's arm , with the precious pouch in hand ! death let out a great rattling bellow of rage . his feature begin to jitter violently . he head explode !!! monkeybone yowie . nothing to lose at this point . with a crash , the boy dive through the big window overlook the trainyard ! the headless death grope around blindly , wave to he assistant . death head . head !! the assistant open a cabinet contain a half - dozen identical head . he pull out a spare and screw it onto death 's neck . ext . trainyard - that moment - night the boy land hard at the edge of the trainyard . behind they , reapers be shepherd a line of newly arrive dead people past a sign which read : " processing - this way . " by the time they can dust themselves off , a alarm start blaring . reapers drop what they be do , point at the boy . panic time ! nearby , a flying bicycle be propped up against a sign . side - by-side they race toward the bike , each of they clutching the strap of the pouch , yanking each other back and forth in a tug-of - war . stu 's bigger . he pull the pouch onto he shoulder , and monkeybone with it . they grab the bike , climb aboard , and pedal off - - revealing the sign it be lean against : " cycle repair . " ext . trainyard - on bicycle - that moment stu pedal onto the central turntable area . the batwing on the rear of the bike flap feebly , but the fly bike just will not fly . monkeybone look over he shoulder . a small army of reapers , ann with scythes , be pour into the trainyard behind they . monkeybone stu ... stu ... stu it's not working . monkeybone there 's a thing here ! there 's a switch ! monkeybone fiddle with the ignition switch . a black cloud of exhaust belch violently from the rear of the bike , almost pitching they off they seat . the batwing start to flap faster ... sput . blap . the engine backfire and die . stu fiddle with the switch , but it 's no go . monkeybone stu ... look ! stu what ? monkeybone be not that lulu ? lulu be still sit in she little car at the edge of the track , eye cross , mouth agape . monkeybone wave brightly . then a mob of reapers appear on either side of lulu 's car , swarm out onto the track ! stu start pedale for he life . he make for the train tunnel in the far wall of the station . illuminated sign over the tunnel read : Calcutta ... Hong Kong ... waco , TX ... and directly ahead ... Dark town !! by now they be well out onto the turnaround . stu pedal frantically , bouncing over track and tie . monkeybone bite he fingernails down to the quick as he watch the column of reapers pursue they onto the track . int . office - on death watch through a crooked spyglass as the boy pedal down the track . death now we have get them . petting he hellhound , he reach for a wall switch . ext . trainyard - high angle the boy be almost at the Dark town tunnel . the reapers , on foot , will never be able to catch they . but as they pick up speed for the stretch run , the ground begin to move beneath they ! death have activate the train turnaround - the rotate platform at the end of the line which allow a engine to reverse direction . before they know it , they be do a full 180 ! ext . trainyard - on bicycle the boy continue to bounce down the track - but the tunnel entrance seem to be spinning before they eye . before they know it , they be pedale directly toward the mob of angry reapers !! monkeybone be not we just here ? stu jerk the handlebar hard right and jump the track he 's on . he wince in pain as the bike bounce over a series of rail ... monkeybone what would I tell you ? you go to the land of death , wear a jockstrap ! ext . trainyard - high angle the reapers be spread out around the turntable - encircle it ! stu ride around the periphery of the great turn platter , but there 's no get off . they be completely surround ! ext . trainyard - on bicycle monkeybone cover both eye and wail in fear . but stu be rattling the ignition switch , make one last effort to get the bike aloft ... the engine catch . trail black fume , the bicycle rise ! the reapers converge in its path , and raise there scythes ... but the bike just manage to clear the tangle of scythes - leave the reapers slice at empty air ! int . office - on death through the big window , he see the boy leveling off , fly toward the dark town tunnel . they be moment away from a clean escape . int . stu' room - night stu 's readout monitor be register frantic nightmare activity when julie and alice enter . julie set she purse on stu 's bedside table - remove a syringe and a test tube fill with purplish fluid . julie what 's the maximum safe dose ? alice most we have ever use be half a CC . julie five CC 's . closeup - death he unlock a red security BOX on he wall . Inside be a toggle switch label " fate worse than death . " he flip it ... closeup - the syringe the plunger go down , inject fluid into stu ... ext . trainyard - on flying bike monkeybone be sit on stu 's shoulder , face backward , thumbing he nose at the reapers . stu glance back as well , laugh , unable to believe he own good luck . since they be both look the wrong way , neither of they see the sheer , monolithic wall rise up directly in there path . it 's no ordinary wall . it 's stu' painting - the one alice find in the closet , the wolf - surgeon canvas from he scary period - - and as the bicycle slam into it , it begin to topple over - pinning stu against the ground underneath ! stu' dreamscape no bike . no monkey . just stu - who find himself on a operate table , with the world of the painting come to 3 - D life around he . the wolf - face surgeon be close in on he , bare they fang , brandish they scalpel and they metallic replacement part ... suddenly the fabric of this weird reality tear - just like a rip in a canvas . a furry paw reach through - grab stu by the hand ... monkeybone this be not my nightmare ! ext . trainyard - just outside tunnel monkeybone pull stu through the rip in the back of the giant topple canvas . the bike 's there wait . they hop aboard and pedal off into the dark town tunnel a split-second before the reapers arrive to slice they to ribbon . int . dark town tunnel - on bicycle stu pedal so hard he heart be about to burst . he feel down at he side - the yellow pouch contain the e-ticket be still there . the reapers be cluster at the mouth of the tunnel , but they be not follow . the boy weep with glee . it 's a miracle - they have cheat death ! dissolve to : ext . dark town gate - night a exhaust stu huff and puff as he pedal the bike up the last stretch of track to the platform outside the gate . he climb off the bike and stare back - it look like the last thousand mile or so have all be uphill . he sling the yellow pouch over he shoulder ... stu you save my life , monkeybone . I never would have make it without you . monkeybone move it . we get exactly five minute leave . stu it 's just ... now that I be leave , I feel like there 's lot of thing I have not say . who 's gonna look out for you ? be you gonna be okay when I be go ? monkeybone oh , do not you worry . I will be fine . stu you have be a hell of a figment , pal . I sure wish I could take you home with I . the gate slide open . stu pass through . but monkeybone linger behind a moment - just long enough for one of the singing sphinxe to slip he a big , nasty baseball bat . monkeybone awwww . worried about my feeling , be you ? well , there 's a new twist . stu do not joke around , little buddy . I mean it . I really do love y -- he turn - and monkeybone MARK mcgwire he upside the head ! stu crumple in a heap ... monkeybone Love you too . boss . laugh maniacally , monkeybone steal the e-ticket and go racing off down the midway !! stu' head be swim . it take he a few second , but he get to he foot . by now , monkeybone be halfway to the e-ticket ride . worse yet , stu' watch read 8:59 am !!! stu stop! monkeybone ! please !! ext . dark town plaza - night the street be line with darktowner rooting monkeybone on as if he 's the hometown favorite in a big footrace . which he be . monkeybone reach the e-ticket ride - drop he e-ticket into the receptacle at the gate . the drawbridge lower ... as stu sprint down the street , the snail man ooze into he path - and trip he ! before he can get up , cackle darktowner converge on he - force he back to the ground and holding he there . stu no ! don't you understand ?? he's got my e-ticket ! he's got my - hypnos sorry , stu . it 's all part of the deal . we have get big plan for that body of yours ! ext . e- ticket ride - on monkeybone the familiar miasma of color be beginning to swirl in the night sky overhead . monkeybone strap on a needle - tipped helmet which make he look like a simian dart . then he climb into the seat of the test - you - strength machine and brace himself for the big ride ! ext . dark town plaza - that moment - right onlooker applaud as the robot lift its mallet and lets fly . ding !! the tiny figure of monkeybone soar toward the swirl color . his dart - helmet strike the black hole dead center . stu watch helplessly as monkeybone penetrate the veil of the sky and vanish . he 's still scream when the cackle darktowner drag he out of the plaza by the heel ... stu no ! julie ! no-o-o-o ! aerial shot - on monkeybone rocketing upward through the cloud in he dart -helmet , a look of sheer exhilaration on he simian face . somewhere a clock begin to chime the hour ... int . stu' private room - 8:59 am - day most of our cast be either in stu 's room or in the hallway outside . plus we have get a man of the cloth ; two legal type , with briefcase ; and several of the nurse from the facility . alice squeeze julie 's hand , and julie squeeze stu 's . the minute hand on the clock hit twelve . kimmy , sobbing into a handkerchief , give dr . edelstein the nod . as he reach for the power switch ... stu eeeeeepp !! julie drop the hand with a gasp . the doctor jump half a foot . all at once stu be sit bolt upright in bed ... shaking he head and feel around gingerly under the bedclothes , as if something very sharp have just poke he in the ass . stu oooie ! that smart !!! kimmy sigh and faint dead away . stu blink and look about the room , disorient . it could be because he 's just come out of a coma after seven month . or it could be because he 's a monkey unaccustom to hang out in a human body . julie stu ? stu Julie ?... hey , you be a looker . a burst of laughter from the other in the room . weeping tear of joy , julie fling herself across the bed and hug he tight . while julie be hugging he , stu be check out he new finger and toe , rubbing he sparse patch of chest fur . doctor and nurse look on in amazement from the doorway . nurse it 's a miracle . it 's a miracle . doctor two more tick of the clock ... stu be almost oblivious to julie . he lift up the sheet , sneak a quick peek at he crotch , and grin delightedly . julie give he another kiss , whisper in he ear : julie thank you . thank you for come back to I . what she do not know be that , although he still look like stu , he body be now occupy by monkeybone . since he 's now a hybrid character , man on the outside and monkey within , let 's call he ... stu - bone Boy , I do not know about you guy , but I be starve . wipe to : int . dungeon - night a damp , stonewall vault with a bar door . stu be sprawle on the floor , out cold , when a voice awake he ... rat guard ( o.s. ) head up ! feed time ! stu come around just in time to see a panel slide open in the ceiling far overhead . a torrent of junk - stale popcorn , half - eat candy bar , molten ice cream pop , and sticky soda - rain down on he face . a horde of dark figure emerge from the shadowy catacomb around he . all at once , hand be grab at he from all direction . stu let out a scream - back up against a wall - stu who be y-- what do you want ?? a mongol warrior with a droopy mustache look up at he . genghis khan dinner . after a moment stu realize that the dark figure have almost no interest in he - instead , they have be grab at the half - eat snack that cascade down onto he head . a long-haire slav - rasputin - dive on a hershey bar with only one bite out of it , but a oddly familiar fat man get there first . stu gape at he ... stu Alfred hitchcock ?? edgar allan poe a fat bastard , but damn quick on he foot . typhoid mary that 's how he keep he girlish figure . stephen king gotta move fast in this crowd , or you will starve . here you go , pal . have some popcorn . he offer stu a box of popcorn soak in Dr. pepper . stu what be this stuff ? stephen king they feed we the slop from the morpheum theatre . you hope for jujube , settle for goober . - I be steve. Steve King . stu Stephen King ? what be you do in here ? various other emerge from the shadow to shake stu 's hand . jack the ripper I be Jack the ripper . typhoid mary typhoid Mary . atilla the hun atilla the hun . Trade you a twizzler for a box of raisinet ! stu atilla the - ! what in hell be this place ? as if in reply , a fanfare sound in the distance ... int . dungeon - entrance a rat guard stand at attention by the door , tooting he kazoo to announce the arrival of a honore guest . rat guard all hail the most glorious ! most eminent ! most esteem all - powerful God of sleep ... he Royal lassitude - hypnos enough , enough , I be hang over . as hypnos pass , the dungeon dweller race up to the wall of bar that separate the entry area from the dungeon proper . typhoid mary hyp ! do you bring I the cough medicine ? stephen king do you remember the night light I ask for ? edgar allan poe King , you pussy . stephen king bite I , poe ! I hate waking up in the dark . hypnos sorry , Steve , maybe next time . and how 's we new guest settling in - ? stu you set I up !! stu lunge at hypnos - who back up just out of reach . hypnos easy , pal ! I be come to congratulate you . it be not easy snatching one of that e-ticket . Steve here be the last guy to pull it off , and that musta be , what , 25 year ago ...? stu why would you do it ? what would I ever do to you ?!? hypnos it 's simple , stu . we need nightmare - lot of them . so whenever we can swing it , we send a guy up to stimulate the flow ... a nightmare maker ! like Steve here . poe. rasputin ... we have be do this all the way back to atilla and genghis Khan ! stu but why I ? why would you pick on I ?? hypnos the monkey , of course . it be he idea . stu monkeybone ...!? hypnos nobody want to be a sidekick , stu . so one day he come to we - he 's get a proposition . we help he get you body ... in return he give we all the nightmare we want . stu you be nut ! I be a comic strip artist ! what 's he gonna do - draw really scary cartoon ?? hypnos oh , no , no , no . y'see , stu , as it happen , that girlfriend of yours figure out the chemical basis of bad dream . and she just whipped up a big old batch of nightmare juice ! stu 's face go white as he realize the point of the master plan . hypnos oh , we be predict a record box-office . it 's like I always say ... nightmare be you best entertainment ! hypnos march off , chuckle . stu 's head sink into he hand . ext . stu and julie' house - day stu 's back from the hospital . julie be remove he bag from the trunk of kimmy 's car while stu and kimmy chat in the front seat . kimmy I just could not stand the think of you suffer . I love you so , I would never have ... forgive I , stu . please forgive I . stu - bone kimmy . chill . we have still get a pact . if anything ever happen to you , I will be right there to return the favor . ( bare he tooth ) so drive carefully ! from now on . he climb out . kimmy be so rattle that she smack bumper with the car park in front of she . she peel out with the hand brake still on . int . stu &amp ; julie' house - day stu -bone and julie enter with luggage . he stand there for a moment scoping out the unfamiliar surroundings . she set the bag down , tap he on the shoulder . julie welcome home . stu - bone grin insipidly . she kiss he , pull he into a tight embrace - and then , overwhelm by emotion , begin to sob . julie oh , baby , I can not believe you be back . stu -bone Home sweet home , huh ? actually , I be expect something a little swankier . how much loot do old stu rake in , anyway ? she give he a extremely puzzle look . stu -bone meaning I , of course . I be refer to myself . you have to assume monkeybone would be a pretty lucrative franchise ... julie baby ? why do not you just ... rest on the sofa for a minute . I will be right back . she go into the kitchen as stu - bone plop onto the sofa . he spy a bowl of fresh fruit on the coffee table and immediately try to pick up a banana with he foot . but he can not . he 's get shoe on . frown , he unty he shoe , peel off he sock . his bare foot be in the fruit bowl when julie return from the kitchen with a tray hold a chocolate cake and the bottle of champagne stu buy three month ago . the cake bear the message " welcome home - I love you " in pink icing . she sit beside he with the goody . he remove he foot from the bowl , cross he leg , wiggle he toe at she . she smile uncertainly . then she open the bottle of champagne and pour two flute full . julie here 's to a bottle ... we should have open ... three month ago . she finish pour , hand a flute to stu - bone . his face be smear with cake and icing . he 's scoop out a big fistful and cramme it right into he pie hole . he grins at she . stu - bone bitchin ' good cake . julie stu , be you ... feel okay ? stu - bone sure . why ? julie you be act kind of ...odd . stu - bone ( grab another fistful ) in what way ? then : we hear tiny nail skitter across the hardwood floor at high speed . and buster the dog race into the live room ! julie buster ! look who 's here ! stu -bone tense instinctively . the dog be yipping , wag he tail insanely at the sight of he long - lose master - until he get just a little bit closer , and sense that something be very , very wrong . buster size stu - bone up and growls . stu - bone bare he tooth and hiss . the dog lunge - and stu - bone jump up on the sofa ! stu -bone oh shit , the cake ! he bend down , snatch up the cake , and cradle it under one arm as he kick at buster from the sofa . stu - bone mine . get back ! mine !! the frazzle julie pour herself another jolt of champagne - a stiff one . int . bedroom - night sound of julie take a shower in the adjacent bathroom o.s . stu - bone be sprawle in bed , pillow propped up behind he , flipping channel on the bedroom tv with he trusty remote . the Discovery Channel happen to be show a Jane goodall special ... narrator ( on tv ) the mate ritual of the African silverback be as rigidly formalize as that of any animal we know - with the possible exception of man . onscreen a female gorilla be present she furry haunch to a alpha male . stu -bone watch this erotic spectacle with a connoisseur 's eye . he glance over at the open bathroom door and catch a teasing glimpse of julie' shadow as she step out of the shower and pull on a robe . he scratch and sniff , just to put himself in the mood . on tv : monkey foreplay , which consist of a pounce from behind . narrator ( on tv ) in the wild , a dominant chimpanzee male be likely to engage in sex numerous time throughout the day , with a shockingly wide variety of - stu -bone mute the nature special and sneak up behind julie just as she emerge from the bathroom in she robe and towel-turban . julie what be you watch ? stu -bone ohhh , nothing . she try to pass , but he grab the belt of she robe and spin she around . he delicately unwrap the turban , then open she robe and pull it close around the two of they . they kiss ... julie you sure this be ... medically advisable ? stu -bone get a doctor on duty . julie well . as long as it 's okay with monkeybone - stu -bone almost let out a gasp of shock . what do she mean ??? julie ( glance downward ) - which it seem to be . stu -bone do a take . the good news be , she do not suspect . the bad news be , he 's apparently name after he creator 's penis . int . hallway - a moment later all at once the air be full of Barry White 's lush baritone on the bedroom CD player . through the bedroom doorway we see stu - bone and julie waltzing romantically , belly to belly , still wrap up in the single robe . the only jarring note be buster' frantic barking . the poor dog be stick behind a accordion gate in the hall , go crazy , try to warn he mistress about the imposter in stu 's body . the dog be almost drown out Barry White - - so stu - bone stop kissing julie long enough to reach over with one foot and kick the door shut . int . bedroom - a moment later julie watch from the bed as stu - bone begin peel off he pj 's , go into a bizarrely formalize monkey mating dance . he circle back and forth from one side of the bed to the other , make face , grunt , feinting at she occasionally . julie have some dim sense that this ritual be suppose to be erotic , but in fact , it 's make she damned nervous . she find herself scrunching up on the bed , try to keep out of stu - bone 's way . now he leap up onto the foot of the bed . rear back . and with a animal howl of triumph , pounce at julie ! terrify , she roll out of the way . stu - bone's skull slam into the headboard . julie oh , God !! baby ! be you - daze , he sit up . he try to stand , but he rubbery leg give way , and he pitch over - cracking he skull again on the nightstand . ext . hallway - a moment later julie help a punchdrunk , staggering stu to the stairway . stu how be it ? I do not recall . julie it be great , baby . let 's get you to the er . as they pass , buster let out a little growl of satisfaction from behind he gate . hold on the dog 's satisfied expression as stu - bone lose he balance and topple down the stair o.s. dissolve to : int . dungeon - night rasputin , atilla , jack the ripper and stephen king be engross in they weekly parcheesi game . stu be cling to the bar , bemoan he fate . stu I be not like the rest of you . I be just a regular guy ! I be not a " nightmare maker . " rasputin neither be we . we get we body hijacked just like you . the guy who replace we be the nightmare maker ! attila like I . I be a mess sergeant in the mongol horde . I never want to be the scourge of Asia . I just want a new recipe for yak ! jack the ripper I be Jack the haberdasher . stu but how ? do you all have sidekick ? figment ? ... monkey ?? stephen king hey , I get screw over by my own dog . go through hell to get that e-ticket , and who wind up in my body ? that darn cujo . typhoid mary run past , giggling , pursue by a huffing hitchcock . rasputin he 's sure get a thing for that icy blond . kazoos SOUND . the rat guard appear to announce : rat guard Miley . you get a visitor . stu ... Kitty ?!? at the sight of stu behind bar , she break down crying . kitty I be so sorry , stu . I want to tell you what be go on . I really , really like you . stu Kitty ... my situation be really not important . the thing be , my girlfriend be now live with , and possibly engage to , a dement monkey . kitty you be such a beautiful man . look at you - stick in this place , and only think of she . stu listen to I ! be there any way I can warn she what monkeybone be up to ?? rat guard time 's up ! break it up , you two . the rat guard push stu back with a prod . kitty reach out ... kitty no ! give I a moment . just to look at he . oh , stu . oh , my sweet , sweet stu . as she gaze at he , love strike , the overhead panel open and a deluge of crud from the morpheum land directly on stu . rat guard feed time ! kitty bawl inconsolably as the rat guard lead she away . dissolve to : int . kitchen - day stu - bone in pajamas and a head bandage , read the morning funnyy . he pound the table , practically weeping with hilarity at the monkeybone comic strip . stu - bone priceless ! priceless ! this stuff just kill I ! julie I be head in to work , baby . be you sure you will be okay ? stu -bone oh yeah . there 's just one thing I do not get . " monkeybone creator awaken from coma " that 's a big story ! that 's front page news ! but I can not find a word of coverage in this stinkin ' rag ! ( shuffle through the paper ) hey . do not I have a tv show ? julie they only make the one episode . they have show it about nineteen time . stu -bone I need a new pr guy . julie grin , plant a goodbye smooch on he forehead , and exit . he wait a minute , then reach for the phone . wipe to : int . live room - evening the house be crawl with PRESS . there must be three dozen reporter and photographer and tv crews hang on stu bone 's every pronouncement . stu - bone yes , be in a coma teach stu Miley a thing or two about life . buckle you seat belt , for one . but seriously , stu Miley be a different man today . I be much homier . the front door open . a stunne julie push she way inside ... stu -bone and speak of which , here 's the light of my life , the pert and saucy miss Julie mcelroy . julie I have to park two block away . be something - he pull she to he side for a photo op . flashbulb go off . stu I take the liberty of call a little press conference . we be on tv , so do not say " shit . " ( cover he mouth ) shit ! I say it . shit ! I say it again ! reporter stu , what be it about monkeybone that make he so popular ? stu - bone well , it 's partly that he puncture all the phony pretension of we modern society ... and it 's partly that he 's a breathtakin ' , heartbreakin ' , rump - shakin ' sex machine ! ( beat ) ask this gentleman here . they be a important cog in my media machine . they will be do six new episode of the monkeybone show under my personal supervision . he pause for a photo op with mike cachuela and mike mitchell . stu -bone it 's all synergy . the show synergize the strip , which synergize the merchandise , which synergize the religion , which synergize the Barbara Walters special ; and then , baby , we be all in the United Empire of monkeybonia . int . kitchen - that moment - late afternoon julie squeeze through the crowd , find herb work the phone . herb I tell you , he 's ready to merchandise . we have gotta move quickly . get the toy guy , the burger guy , the lunchbox guy - julie herb ... what in God 's name - herb hold up a finger . he 's too busy talk . stu - bone enter with the video crew in tow . julie somehow manage to sideline he . julie what 's this about merchandise ? you always hate merchandise ! stu -bone well , baby , I do , but to look at it from another angle ... there 's a potload of money here . dissolve to : ext . STREET - day supercharged pop music underneath as stu - bone come run around a corner - follow , a moment later , by a scream horde of beautiful groupies in black miniskirt and high heel . it 's like something out of a hard Day 's night , only more so . int . bedroom - night tight on stu - bone , head still bandage , eye close , snoring slightly . he wear a big monkey grin as he dream the above . ext . STREET - day a carload of supermodels . they kill they engine in the middle of a busy intersection and climb out to join the mob chase stu - bone . he cut around a corner , duck into a alley , and flatten himself behind a dumpster . as the girl run past , he pull out a handkerchief and mop sweat from he brow . then , with a what - the-hell twinkle , he step out and fling he sweaty hankie into the midst of the groupies . a catfight ensue as they scramble after this precious memento . the chase resume . suddenly he realize he 's slowing down ... run in slo -mo . same deal with the girl on he trail . after a moment , he freeze . he can not move anything except he eye ; he look right , leave , up , down ... ... and suddenly he see hypnos winking into view directly in front of he ! hypnos be perfectly capable of move . he stroll right up to the freeze stu - bone and slap he repeatedly , moe Howard -style . hypnos you two - bit simian stooge . what the hell be this ? we do not send you up here to shake you booty and chase broad . we send you up to make nightmare !! stu -bone try to speak . all that come out be a slo - mo drawl . hypnos now find that nightmare juice and get to work . ' Cause you may be a free man during the day ... but when you dream , you monkey ass be mine ! he wind up - throw a roundhouse punch at stu - bone's face . int . bedroom - night stu -bone sit up suddenly in bed . for a moment he 's relieved - it be all a dream . then he realize he face be swell like a prizefighter 's . his front tooth be loose . blood be stream from he nose ! stu - bone eep ! int . downstair hallway - night he 's awake , fully dress , and fishing around in the pocket of julie 's topcoat . he find she key ring and tiptoe furtively to the front door . stu - bone friggin ' hypnos . I will show he ... int . sleep lab - night he unlock the door and enter the darken lab . find the dispensary area and kneel beside a locked refrigerator . then he shuffles through the key on the ring until he find one label " fridge . " on the top shelf be a cork beaker of purple fluid bear the label " oneirix " with red danger sticker all over it . stu - bone take it out , flash a sinister grin , and empties its content into a similar beaker . then he refill the original from a hip flask and replace it . he 's just about to leave when he 's startle by a series of simian grunt and squeak - which be translated in subtitle : female baboon hey , handsome . he turn and spot a seductive female baboon who 's confme to a cage in the corner . the conversation continue in monkey talk . female baboon yeah , you . come here , good-look . ( beat ) why do not you let I out of this cage ? stu -bone hey , I would love to , baby , but ... it would put I in hot water . female baboon ( caress he chin ) I know how to be very , very grateful . he pull out a matchbook and scribbles a number on it . stu -bone tell you what , angel . when you get out , give I a call ... a light go on suddenly in the outside hallway ! stu - bone try to dive for cover , but the female baboon grab he by the belt and pull he against the cage . startle , he drop the oneirix beaker - which roll out into the hall ! int . hallway - night the beaker clatter loudly as it roll through the lab door . stu - bone's hand grope through the doorway - but the female baboon have get he by the pants leg and will not let go , no matter how much he rattles the cage . he can not quite pull himself through the door ... he unbuckle the belt . unzip he pant . keeps claw toward the beaker . but he still can not quite make it , and the baboon will not let go . now he pants be down around he knee . he keep wriggle until he pants leg be entirely inside out - and still he can not quite reach the beaker ! his shoe be catch in he pants cuff ! rrrrrippppp ... freedom ! minus he pants , he grab the beaker . in fg through all this be a dim teenage janitor push he electric floor polisher . he have he walkman on and he can not hear any of the mayhem behind he . he sing along atonally with the music : janitor gettin ' jiggy wit ' it - gettin ' jiggy wit ' it ... int . bedroom - night a dishevel stu - bone , back from he secret mission , be try to take he clothes off so he will not wake julie . but she start to rouse , so he jump into bed fully dress and pull up the cover . julie stu ? be that you ? where do you go ? stu - bone me? nowhere . I be asleep . julie baby , do not lie . I know you go out . stu -bone not I . nope . you must have be dream . she pull the cover back . he 's still wear he topcoat , shoe , sock , and short ... but no pant . julie you be wear a topcoat , stu . - where be you pants ? stu - bone well , miss smarty , if I do not go out , I would not need any pants . now would I ? he pull the cover up to he chin . the two of they lie there in the dark stare up at the ceiling . int . stu' live room - day the entire monkeybone brain trust have come to visit : herb , syndicate head mr . bower , and several corporate reps hope to arrange tie - in deal . host stu - bone have start to take on a simian look : more prominent ear , flare nostril , heavy beard stubble , etc . the burger GOD rep set a tray of fast food in front of stu - bone - the package all cover with angelic haloed monkeybone . burger GOD rep as you know , Burger God have 1700 outlet nationwide ... we be prepare to back a major tv buy to launch we mega monkey meal . ( beat ) go ahead . try a bite . stu - bone take a bite out of he monkeyburger - look pleased at first - then begin picking something out of he tooth . herb what 's the matter ? stu -bone I think it 's a pig hair . ( examine a contract ) how much be McDonald 's offer ? herb less . stu -bone immediately sign the contract and shake hand with the burger GOD rep . herb consult he agenda . herb oh , here 's something . the city zoo be kick off a fund-raising campaign . they wonder if you would be willing to appear at a benefit . stu - bone how much ? herb well , nothing . it 's a benefit . but we could probably get people and entertainment tonight to cover it . stu - bone I get it . we could give the public the impression that we be do something ... charitable . brilliant !! herb and last ... you remember Bill here , from the bazoom toy company ? he 's get a little something I think you will like . the toy rep set a lockbox on the table . a stencil on the box read " top secret . " he pull out a key and open it to reveal ... ... a tuxedoe , collector 's - edition monkeybone doll lie on a bed of crushed purple velvet . he carefully remove the treasure from its chest . its right hand be hinge . the doll 's thumb be up its rear . bazoom toy rep it 's a prototype . code name " Little Jack horner . " go on - pull out he thumb . stu - bone stare at the doll - cautiously yank its thumb out . we go to slo - mo as the rise arm cause a noxious aerosol spray to shoot out of monkeybone 's ass ! and we stay in slo - mo as stu - bone stare at the doll in wonderment and awe ... a man in looooove . still in slo - mo , the execs crack up , gag , hold they nose at the awful stank of it . stu - bone be the only one not laugh . he reach out to touch the doll - to fondle it adoringly - - and suddenly we be back to real -time . bazoom toy rep you know kid - they love anything gross ... stu - bone kid ? kid ?! this be a work of genius . this be art . this be the answer to all my prayer ! ( beat ) say - just a technical question - could you fill this baby up with a particulate solution of one part chemical enzyme to ten part water ? bazoom exec well - I guess ... stu -bone aww righhhhht ! he break into riotous laughter and begin blast monkeyfart at herb and the execs , who dive for cover under the conference table . ext . stu and julie' house - day laughter and back -slapping as stu - bone walk he guest to they car . stu so here 's my idea . we do a giveaway at the zoo benefit . we get a big piata . we fill it with monkeybone doll - hundred of them . herb a piata . that 's a great idea ! stu -bone you guy do not know it , but you just save my ass ! with a big grin , he pantomime stick a thumb up he ass , in obvious imitation of the doll , and then give the thumb - up sign . the unnerve execs gape at he as he go back inside - he 's develop a odd , lope gait , and he arm swing outward in wide arc as he walk . burger GOD exec interesting fellow . herb head trauma . int . stu' kitchen - that moment he dig around under the sink , find the purple beaker of oneirix . look at the farting doll ... and grins . stu -bone this will get he off my back ! insert - tv screen a promo for the monkeybone cartoon show . monkeybone swing across the screen on a vine , follow by a string of grin , live -action fan do a scratch and ' sniff , pull - out - a- plum line dance . announcer it 's he world - we just live in it . monkeybone ! back with six all - new episode , start - int . live room - reverse angle - night a distraught julie mute the tv . her friend alice be on the sofa beside she , have coffee and dessert . julie the thing be , I be responsible for the way he 's act . it 's the nightmare juice . it 's get to be . alice Julie , that stuff probably save he life . julie I can not explain this , Alice , but I be not so sure it do . it 's as if ... he 's not stu any more . the stu I love be go ! ( beat ) he spend all he time in the garage . he say he 's ... autograph . int . garage - night tight on the flask of oneirix as stu - bone pick it up . he 's wear a gas mask . he 's rig a clothesline in the garage . monkeybone doll be clipped to it , ass -end up - form a makeshift assembly line . he dip a turkey baster into the flask ... withdraw a quantity of purple fluid ... pluck the finger out of the first doll 's behind ... - and plunge the turkey baster into the doll 's hindquarters , fill it with oneirix !! the doll 's buttock take on the purple hue characteristic of orangutan in heat . stu - bone hold the doll at arm 's length and pull its finger - launching a purple puff of spike nightmare gas . stu -bone yeah , baby ! nightmare -in-a-butt ! ( look around ) okay ...guinea pig , guinea pig ... ext . garage / back yard - night stu - bone step out into the driveway and hear a low growl - buster be give he the stinkeye from behind the picket fence . stu - bone 's eye light up with inspiration . stu -bone c'mere , boy ... c' mere , ole buddy ... int . live room - a moment later - night loud barking outside . julie wander over toward the window . alice listen . let 's bring he in for some test . I guarantee you be overreact . julie lift the curtain - and see stu - bone in he gas mask , bent over in a weird crab like stance , chase buster around the yard with the monkeybone doll . julie do not seem especially surprised - but alice 's mouth fall open . julie actually , no , I do not think I be overreact . ext . back yard - that moment - night buster be apparently alone now - he 's pace in circle under a high tree branch , stare up and growling . someone throw a pine cone at the picket fence . buster' head turn , just for a instant - stu -bone kreeegahhhh !!! - and stu - bone plunge out of the tree , directly on top of the dog ! the two of they grapple , roll around on the grass . for a moment it look like this battle royale could go either way . then stu - bone get on top of buster , straddle he , shove the ass of the monkeybone doll up against he muzzle ... foont ! a purple cloud of nightmare gas hit buster in the face . the dog go limp . his eye roll back in he head . he start to twitch . stu -bone sweet dream , you little bastard ! dishevel but triumphant , stu - bone stand up , pound he chest with both fist , and let out a tarzanian roar . light go on all over the neighborhood . angry neighbor poke they head out the window . int . garage - night stu -bone skulk back into the garage . he throw back a tarp , revealing hundred of box monkeybone doll , stack so high they fill a entire wall of the garage . he pull out he turkey baster , crank up the clothesline , and go to work . ext . back yard - that moment - night camera track in on the twitching face of buster , and we see buster' dream ( black &amp ; white ) a german -expressionist nightmare , all low angle and heavy shadow . we be in some kind of operating room , where a struggle patient be be wheeled in on a tall , creak gurney . four orderlies in surgical mask be hold he down . the patient be buster . and the orderlies ... be cat . a cat surgeon draw the sheet back . look at the spreadeagled buster . and brandish a big nasty pair of garden shear . int . hyp' hideaway - that moment - night the Dark town audience be scratch its collective head at buster 's dream , which be show in one of hyp' nightmare orb . a angry hypnos slam down the phone and storm across the dance floor to he big circular bed . hypnos Dog dream !! that stinkin ' monkey . I can not believe it . we give he a body , and he send we ... dog . a feline beauty embrace he from behind , pull he onto the bed . kitty let 's not think about dog . let 's think about pussycat . meeowwwwwwrrrr .... she draw one sharp claw lightly down he chest . he give she a now - you be - talkin ' grin and hit a switch - cause the big circular bed to rotate off the dance floor and into the boudoir . as it turn , we see kitty' paw close discreetly around a key chain on the nightstand ... int . dungeon - right stu 's curl up on the dank floor when he 's awaken by the sound of a visitor in the corridor outside - kitty . she pass a sack contain food and bottle water through the bar - and shush the astonished stu before he can speak . kitty shh ! you will need it when you be travel . glancing back at the guard , she pull a key from she cleavage . kitty do not ask where I get it . stu you can not do this ! you will get in trouble ! kitty you be the only true-hearted man I ever meet . you find a way back to that girl of yours and make she happy . stu how be I gonna get past the guard ? kitty I will worry about the guard . ( loudly ) okay , stu . see you in a day or two . she turn down the corridor . stu stand there for a beat , gaping at the key in he hand . then he hear the sound of carnage outside . a ferocious , bloody battle seem to be underway . realizing that kitty must be in trouble , he use the key to unlock the dungeon door . int . dungeon - that moment - night he find kitty hunch in the corner on all four , surround by blood and tuft of fur and a abandon guard hat . kitty go. just go . stu thanks , Kitty , I will never forget you for th -- she look up at he , feline eye aglow . there 's a three - foot-long rodent tail dangle out of she mouth . stu I will really ... never ... forget you . he race off as kitty resume she feast . the sound of fight have rouse the other dungeon dweller , and when they realize the dungeon door be open they come rush out en masse . then the panel open . they hear food raining down behind they . hitchcock be the first to turn back - then stephen king - then atilla . a moment later they be back to they old habit , climb over one another to get at a half - empty box of raisinet . wipe to : int . sleep lab - day the usual gang sit around at they computer terminal , etc . julie be coolly read notebook entries into a tape recorder . julie " 4/17 : subject , when unaware of observation , prefer to hold eat utensil ... with foot . successfully carve turkey roll hold eat utensil ... with foot . " alice they have a case like that at johns hopkins . wire get cross between hand and foot . clarissa great lead . I will try and find it on the net . julie " 4/18 : subject climb backyard tree ... to perform elimination . when confront with product ... blame it on family dog . " dead silence from the mortify group . they never have a case like that at johns hopkins . julie somehow keep a stiff upper lip - deeply embarrassed for stu , but a scientist nonetheless . hutch seem perfectly obvious . he 's be possess by a monkey ! the other all glower at hutch for this egregious display of bad taste . ext . garage - afternoon stu -bone and herb be stand outside the garage in formal attire as a crew of zoo worker load monkeybone doll into a pickup . herb you be really gonna pop the question ? stu -bone get the ring . get the airline ticket . soon as they break that piata , we will grab a cab - and it 's off to the land of palm tree and coconut . herb I can not believe you . you use to hate be the center of attention . now you be propose , in public , at a benefit . stu -bone yeah , I be think ... I mean , I be a celebrity now , do I really want to get marry ? but on the other hand , if you be marry , they can not testify against you . herb wonder if this be a joke , decide it be , and force a chuckle . int . bedroom - day julie be get dress for the benefit when the phone ring . julie hello ? oh , hutch - what ? intercut - julie and hutch hutch be at the sleep lab , stand over the open refrigerator . hutch the nightmare juice ! it 's go ! somebody switch it for a beaker of grape Kool - Aid !! julie Kool - Aid !? but who would would want to - her eye move to the window - to stu - bone out by the garage . julie okay . call the police . I will be right over . int . sleep lab - late afternoon two detective examine the scene of the crime . julie the technical name be oneirix . it 's a enzyme . it 's present in the brain of - detective ( cut she off ; write ) yeah , yeah ... nightmare juice . detective ii and there 's be no sign of a break - in ? hutch Holy shit ... the pants . ( remember ) the janitor find a pair of tear - up pants . it be the same night the monkey tip she cage over . remember that , Julie ? julie ( suddenly afraid ) yeah ... I remember it vividly . ext . zoo - day liveried waiter scurrying all about in preparation for the benefit . zoo worker set up table and chair underneath a giant canopy . stu -bone watch with satisfaction as the last of the doll be load into a giant piata in the shape of stanley . wipe to : int . death' office - night the big creaky swivel chair swing around , revealing death . death now , if I may ask - what kind of idiot sneak into the land of death twice ? the party he 's address be stu - who 's stretch out horizontally , strapped to a medieval torture rack , with a whole posse of grim reapers stand guard around he . stu you be mad at I . great . you have every right to be . but we be both mad at Dark town . we be both mad at hypnos . death oh , sure . now you be gonna tell I it be all he idea . you be completely innocent - stu I be not go to tell you that . I want that E - ticket . I want it so bad I would stare you right in the face to get it - and I would do the same again . death why ?? stu I have a girl up there . and I never - I should have - I just want to tell she I love she . death I be a simple man . I be just do my job . I enjoy my job . why do everyone want to make it difficult for I ? stealing ticket , switch body ... it be so irresponsible . stu death , I be try to make thing right . take my soul . turn I into a paper doll . but give I just one lousy hour . death well - you would need a body . death gesture for the reapers to unshackle stu . death if it be not for that comic strip of yours , I would not be do this . but a good chuckle be darn hard to come by . ( chortling ) that one where monkeybone steal the soap cake out of the urinal - I think I would die . stu come from you , that 's quite a compliment . death De nada . now , come here ... bend over ... before I change my mind . stu Bend over ? death rear back and kick he , full - force , smack in the ass . the supernatural might of the blow send stu rocketing upward through the ceiling !! int . hospital - operating room - day a team of surgeon . the lead surgeon have he arm bury up to the elbow in the open torso of a organ donor . surgeon okay ... detach the leave kidney ... scream all around as the organ donor sit bolt upright ! the startle surgeon drop the kidney back into place . organ donor what the - who the hell be I ?? surgeon you be a organ donor ! organ donor be I dead ?!? surgeon the chute do not open . we kind of assume - organ donor I need this body . just for a few minute . I will bring it back , okay ? the organ donor grab a lab coat from a nearby rack and race out . ( and since stu be temporarily occupy the donor 's body , we will henceforth refer to he as o.d. stu . ) int . hospital corridor - a moment later o.d. stu come racing around a corridor . his lab coat be already cover with gore , and he 's have trouble hold he gut in . his pancreas spill out onto the floor just as two doctor stroll past . doctor ( eyeing the pancreas ) might have someone take a look at that . o.d. stu oh. yeah . thanks . the doctor move on . o.d. stu spot a janitor' cart with a roll of duct tape on one shelf . he wrap it tightly around he midsection to keep he innard from fall out . then he run for it . now the team of surgeon round the corner in hot pursuit . the lead surgeon spot o.d. stu at the end of the corridor and take off after he . but he slip on the pancreas and go sprawling ! the pancreas go fly down the hall , where it get squashed in rapid succession by a gurney and by a little old lady 's motorized wheelchair . when the surgeon retrieve it , it 's a hunk of pulp . lead surgeon I think it can still be save . put it on ice . ext . zoo - day guest be beginning to arrive for the benefit . in the cage and habitat , animal stare up at a gigantic monkeybone balloon . ext . zoo - another angle - day the bazoom toy rep be round a corner when herb pop out from behind a tree and blast he with a jolt of purple gas from a monkeybone doll ! he sputter and cough ... then he grab the doll away and blast herb right back ! the two of they chase each other around the tree , giggle . the bazoom rep' wife , in she formal gown , affect a look of supreme mortification . ext . stu' house - back yard - day o.d. stu climb over the fence , find a hide key , and let himself in . int . house - studio - day o.d. stu rush frantically from room to room . o.d. stu ( o.s. ) doc ? doc ?? - julie ? no reply - the joint 's empty . o.d. stu enter the studio and spot a newspaper on he draft table . the paper be fold back to a big display ad for the benefit : " meet stu miley and monkeybone - 8 pm tonight ! " he check the wall clock : time be short . reaching into the drawer of the draft table , he pull out a tackle BOX which contain old brushes ... and a small velvet BOX . o.d. stu open the velvet box to reveal grandma 's antique ring . he hear growling behind he - it 's buster . the dog look up , cock he head - and begin wagging he tail . somehow , even though stu 's in a different body , buster recognize he . ext . stu and julie' house - day o.d. stu exit , ring in hand . behind he , buster be throw a fit - bark , flinging himself at the screen door . he want to come along ! a bus pull up at the corner , and o.d. stu board it . buster throw everything he 's get at the door - and it give ! he take off after stu . ext . zoo - ground - day as herb be walk toward the refreshment table , a odd look cross he face . all at once he begin to tug at he collar . he yank he tie off ... doff he jacket onto the pavement ... Pov herb - psycho -vision the nightmare drug be kick in ! the whole zoo swim around he . all at once he 's be attacked ...by a horde of empty clothes !! ext . zoo - ground - day julie have arrive at the zoo . she 's wander zombie-like through the food court , flanke by she friend alice and clarissa . julie whatever he 's do , I be responsible for it . clarissa that 's not true , Julie . it 's not true . alice this be not about you guilt , Julie . there could be innocent people in danger . clarissa he 's not the same guy . he 's not you stu. ( beat ) I do not want to tell you this , but the other day he pinch I on the butt . alice I do not want to tell you this , but the other day he try to mount I from behind ! look , you have to tell the police . julie tell they what ? I do not know anything concrete . all I have be a feel . all of a sudden , they hear shout and laughter from the area of the reptile house . in the distance , zoo security guard be chase a naked man through the crowd of formally - dress partygoer . clarissa oh my God , we have get a flasher . julie that ... that 's herb ! the guard catch hold of herb and drag he away past julie , alice , and clarissa . he do not recognize any of they . he 's psychotic : herb clothes ! beware of clothes . they be work together . all of they . shirt ... pants ... ensembles ...! the three woman exchange look of stupefy horror . int . MUNI bus - late afternoon passengers be hold they nose , frantically pull on the bell rope to alert the driver that they want off . as we move toward the back we see o.d. stu sit alone , with row of empty seat on either side . he look rough . he 's bone - white , he tape - up lab coat be crust with blood , and he never do find any shoe . also , it 's a hot night and he 's start to get a little ripe . fly be buzzing all around he . ext . street - that moment buster run down the sidewalk as fast as he stumpy little leg will carry he , in pursuit of the bus . int . car - moving - late afternoon the team of surgeon have be tracking o.d. stu across the city ! through the windshield they see the bus pull up outside the zoo . o.d. stu hop out and sprint across the parking lot . surgeon it's he ! he's getting off ! int . zoo - entrance - late afternoon o.d. stu do not even stop at the ticket window . he vault over the turnstile , knock benefit guest aside . the surgeon be not far behind . they race up to the ticket window - surgeon do you see a corpse run this way ? the ticket -taker shrug and point off in o.d. stu 's direction . int . banquet tent - that moment - late afternoon the last stage of dinner . waiter be already clear plate , and although julie have barely touch she food she send she plate away . onstage a band be play tasteful zoo jazz . when the number end , stu - bone approach the dais and lean into the mike . stu -bone as emcee I want to thank you all for join we at this swingin ' bash ... it 's a special night for the bird , and the lion , and the monkey , but it 's also a special night for - ( tapping he chest ) - this monkey . and it 's special because of a very special lady . her name be - ( check a note in he pocket ) Julie mcelroy . just kiddin ' , Julie . stand up . julie stand reluctantly . the crowd applaud . stu - bone and to make this special night extra-special , I would like to do a special number ... especially for you . a DISCO ball lower . stu - bone turn to welcome a group of backup soul singers who be just join the band on stage . the tent begin to rock with a throbbing beat . and stu - bone launch into a wild - eye , hip -shake parody of Mick Jagger sing the Rolling Stones ' " monkey man " ! as he sing , stu - bone gyrate over toward julie , bump and grind like the cartoon - monkey sex machine he be . he wave he mike to the crowd , urging everyone to join in . julie gasp in disbelief , but the crowd be eat it up - clap and sing along with stu - bone . he gesture for pretty woman to join he out on the floor . he open he shirt at the neck , expose a hitherto unseen plenitude of chest hair . he pull out a hanky to mop he brow and toss it to the crowd . he wipe he armpit with a second hanky and toss it to the crowd . he blow he nose into a third and toss it to the crowd . then he jump up on the table and shake he booty wildly ,  strutting in and out among the dessert plate . if the real Jagger could see he , he would creep home a sad and break man . for the big finale , he jump off the table and slide across the floor to julie' table - arrive on he knee . stu -bone I be just a monkey man ! I be glad you be a monkey ...woman...too. ( soft voice ) how about it , Julie ? he pull out a ring BOX and hand it to the bett - red julie . the crowd let out a collective gasp - follow by wild applause . she stare down at the ring - a big vulgar sparkler . she can not speak . stu -bone we will hop a plane tonight . a island ceremony . a Abba dabba honeymoon ! julie it look so ... new . stu -bone it be new . why would not it be new ? julie but the heirloom ring . you grandmother 's ring ... stu - bone heirloom ? huh ? you want a use ring - ? no reply . she 's take a long time to say yes . the audience be mutter . stu - bone ju-leeee ... Operators be stand by ... offer expire at midnight , December 31 ... suddenly a gore -stained figure burst into the tent . o.d. stu doc ! doc ! don 't do it ! he isn't stu ! he's monkeybone !!! julie 's jaw drop . she barely get a glimpse of o.d. stu before the zoo guard arrive to haul he away . stu -bone Boy , the nut be out tonight . what would that creep call you - ? julie he call I " Doc . " - which stu - bone never do . someone in the crowd yell ... guest hey monkeybone !! stu -bone turn and do a simian comedy shtick for the crowd . stu -bone that 's I , folk ! monkeybone ! let 's party ! by the time he 's do scratch he rib , julie have vanish ! ext . zoo ground - late afternoon she race out of the tent - grab a pass zoo guard . julie please . where do you take that man ...? the guard point to a animal control van . julie see o.d. stu peer out through a small bar panel . they eye meet ... julie who be you ? why do you say that thing ? o.d. stu oh , Doc , it 's all a mixup . we be in the land of death . he steal my e-ticket . that 's how he get my body , see ? all they have leave for I be this corpse ! julie digest this , nod professionally , and turn to walk away . o.d. stu do not walk away , Doc ! he 's only here to give people nightmare ! ( no response ) doc! please ! do not you remember the dream ? they be pull the plug - I call out to you - and you hear I . remember ? this stop julie cold . her spine be tingling . she turn slowly , a single tear roll down she cheek . and then ... julie buster ?!? the dog run right past julie and bound up to the animal control van , bark he head off . now julie be start to believe . she turn - julie stu...how ? o.d. stu I have to come back , Julie . I have to give you this . through the bar he hand she the little box contain grandma 's antique ring . o.d. stu I mean to give it to you before . the night we crash . I be so happy , Julie , I ... try to remember I like that , okay ? not like this . she slip the ring on she finger - look up at o.d. stu with tear welling in she eye . he make a odd snorkeling kind of noise . julie what 's wrong ? o.d. stu I be cry too . I just do not have any tear . I be all dry up . julie turn . the two detective we see in the sleep lab have just arrive at the gate , and alice and clarissa be lead they over . alice detective , please let this man out of the van . ext . zoo ground - piata area - that moment the partygoer be line up under the gigantic stanley - shape piata , which be hang from a tree . a tubby banker in a blindfold take a good hard whack . crack be beginning to appear ... stu - bone okay , folk , it 's piata time - you know the rule - five buck a pop - and remember , it 's all for the benefit of we friend the animal ! ( eye brighten ) oooooh ! this one 's on I ! the next contestant be a gorgeous woman . he blindfold she and embrace she from behind to help she with she grip on the bat . stu -bone choke up , baby . that 's right . choke up ! suddenly he notice the cop march up with julie , o.d. stu and co. in tow . he freeze , terrify - back away from the babe - - and catch a bat in the face . several people rush up to help he as the cop consult with the benefit organizer ... organizer I do not understand , officer . this be a benefit . surely this can wait until - cop sorry , mar 'am ... we need to question Mr. Miley on a most urgent matter . julie stop this . now . that doll have be tampere with . they be toxic ! o.d. stu come march through the crowd . he pass a life - size display of stanley and monkeybone ... grab the backpack off the stanley figure ... and proceed deliberately toward stu - bone . o.d. stu monkeybone ... back in the pack . the old command seem to retain its magical power , because stu - bone clutches he gut as if stricken at the sound of it . o.d. stu I mean it this time . back in the pack . stu - bone bend over - jerk and twitches - become more simian by the moment as o.d. stu approach . stu - bone stu ... I can explain ... I be sick of be a figment , see ? it 's awful be a figment . it 's degrade ! and I never really want to give people nightmare . I just tell them that so they would help I get a body . o.d. stu yeah - my body . back in the pack , you simian shitbird ! the cop be tre confuse by all this - cop ma'am , can you give I some idea of what 's go on here ? - but julie hold they back so the scene can play itself out . now stu - bone be do a weird little monkey dance - playing up to the puzzle crowd , who laugh and snicker , wonder what to make of all this . stu - bone laugh , damn you ... laugh at the sidekick ... the happy little monkey . he do not have any feeling . he 's just a figment of you immagination ! he turn suddenly - grab the bat from the puzzle babe - stu - bone gimme that goddam bat ! he wail on the piata like Ken griffey Jr. o.d. stu try to stop he , but it 's too late - the piata burst , and hundred of purple - assed monkeybone doll spill out onto the ground ! a equal number of rabid partygoer surge forward to scoop they up . the cop swing into action , try to hold the crowd back ... cop he's getting away ! stu -bone climb a tree and jump from a branch onto one of the twin jungle tower at the pavilion - begin climbing toward the giant monkeybone balloon moor up above ! o.d. stu see he - pull away from julie - o.d. stu I love you ! julie stu !! stu - bone unty the moor rope and wrap it around he midsection . now freed , the balloon lift into the AIR , carrying he aloft ! o.d. stu climb up the opposite tower as the balloon start to drift away . he grab hold of the mooring rope as it whip past . and the team of surgeon - who have be comb the grounds in search of o.d. stu - catch sight of he just as he float off into the AIR , on the end of the rope ! head surgeon look ! it's he ! ext . zoo ground - on balloon - moving they rise to a altitude of ten or twelve foot . but o.d. stu 's additional weight pull the balloon back down - and both of they hit the ground ! they have to run at top speed just to keep pace with the balloon ! stu -bone let...go...you ... dingleberry ... as he 's try to kick o.d. stu off the rope , a gust of wind catch the balloon and lift it high into the AIR . for about three second . the boy tumble to earth , off -balance , in a heap , bouncing along the pavement . the balloon pull they over a wrought -iron fence and drag they through the alligator pit . giant jaw snap as the boy glide overhead like bait on a hook . as the balloon lift up again , o.d. stu haul himself along the length of the rope . he get close enough to grab stu - bone 's leg . stu - bone reach down to push he away ... grab a fistful of duct tape ... ... and rip ! the tape tear - expose the great big gash in o.d. stu 's midsection ! he try to pull himself together ... ext . food court - that moment - late afternoon a server ladle out a cup of punch from a big silver punchbowl . something pink come plummete out of the sky - and the next thing he know , the server be drenched ! the surgeon come rush up . they all stick they hand in the punchbowl at once ... fishing out o.d. stu' kidney ! head surgeon put it on ice . I think it can still be save ! one of the team find a ice cooler full of soft drink . in it go . ext . TIGER habitat - late afternoon both boy scream as the balloon drag they perilously close to the razor wire atop a tall storm fence . they clear it by inch - but they do not have much time to celebrate . they be dangle over the Bengal Tiger exhibit , and the great cat be leaping into the AIR try to snag they ! as o.d. stu squirm out of reach , he liver drop out ... ext . ground - TIGER habitat - late afternoon it land close enough to the fence that one of the surgeon think he can reach it . he reach through the bar and see a pack of bengal tiger racing toward he ! he manage to grab one end of the liver - but a TIGER get the other end - - and it 's a tug -of - war until the tiger bite the liver in half , send the terrify surgeon sprawling on the pavement outside the bar ! the head surgeon examine the remain half - liver ... head surgeon put it on ice . I think it can still be save . angle on balloon stu -bone sock o.d. stu hard across the face ! he let go of he incision ... and he SMALL intestine fall out ! since it 's still connect at both end , the intestine form a great big loop ... ext . food court - serving table - late afternoon the server have just bring out a new punchbowl full of nice clean punch . he set it down on the table and be about to ladle out a cupful when stu fly past overhead . his intestinal loop slide across the table , knock over glass , snagging the punchbowl at its base ... ... and yanking it right off the table ! bystand guest be drenched in punch as the punch bowl fly end over end ... ... and , with the sound of a go be strike , bean a member of the surgical team from behind !! naturally it 's the guy who 's lug the ice chest full of o.d. stu 's organ . when the punchbowl strike , he goe down hard , pitching the ice chest ... ... at a pair of cop who be over by the piata , load confiscate monkeybone doll into a shopping cart . the ice chest knock they off they foot - and send the shopping cart roll downhill ! the cop try to get up , but they skid every which way on the spill ice underneath . on top of which , the surgical team be all over they , play grab - ass with the cop as they try to retrieve precious organ . the head surgeon kneel beside he fall comrade , the guy who get beaned by the punchbowl , and feel for a pulse . head surgeon put he on ice . I think he can still be save ! ext . zoo ground - late afternoon cop sprint downhill , try to intercept the runaway shopping cart full of confiscate doll . too late . the cart slam into a fence and go ass -over - teakettle , dump its content into the penguin habitat ... int . hyp' hideaway - that moment hypnos and a audience of darktowner peer into the nightmare orb . they see a keystone - cop vision of fur-clad eskimos , with club and speargun , amid a colony of terrify penguin . hypnos not again . that stinking monkey !!! aerial shot - stu' Pov - moving stu get a idea as he look down at he dangle intestine . he begin feeding it out - give himself more rope to work with - and when it 's long enough , begin swinging it like a lasso ! ext . water BUFFALO habitat - late afternoon water BUFFALO graze buddha-like as stu' intestine snag one of they around the horn . the lasso draw taut - and hold ! angle on balloon - o.d. stu and stu - bone the balloon be moor in place again ! o.d. stu pull himself upward , toward stu - bone , who kick at he frantically ! ext . zoo ground - late afternoon a cop pull he sidearm and take AIM at the now-stabilize balloon . cop I think I can bring them down . angle on balloon - moving - late afternoon blam ! the cop 's shot hit the giant monkeybone balloon smack in the ass . with a gale - force helium fart , the balloon zoom upward . the intestine snap . stu - bone and o.d. stu shoot off into the air ! on stu - bone &amp ; o.d. stu - aerial at apogee . they exchange a look as the last gasp of helium hiss out of the gigantic balloon . then it occur to they to look down ... there Pov - parking lot - overhead angle ... at the tiny car park far , far below . they must be close to a hundred foot up in the air - and all at once the ground be come up fast ! ext . zoo - on julie &amp ; crowd - late afternoon julie et al scream in horror as the two body plunge earthward . on stu - bone &amp ; o.d. stu - falling ... and fall and fall until they smack into the hot asphalt of the parking lot , the deflate balloon settling over they like a shroud . they body have stop - but they spirit keep on fall ... aerial shot - skie over dark town - night ... and the fight continue - even into the afterlife ! as they plummet down through the heaven , they revert to they true personae . it 's stu versus . monkeybone , creator versus . sidekick , still duking it out - like a couple of skydiver fight over a single parachute ! ext . street - dark town - right darktowner pour into the street to watch the epic struggle overhead . they be place bet , root they favorite on . then ... the ground shake and thunder - and the darktowner scatter in all direction , diving for the nearest hide place . they seem to know what this mighty rumb signifies . the e-ticket ride pop out of the ground - begin to rise into the air - and a colossus appear beneath it ! a fifty - foot warrior clad in japanese ceremonial armor , he tower over Dark town , so mighty and enormous that he can wear the e-ticket ride as a hat !! on stu and monkeybone - falling stu land a haymaker , and the two of they break loose of each other - on armore colossus - that moment - landing in the upturn palm of the colossus ! stu watch in disbelief as a panel pop open in the giant 's chest , revealing ... stu death !! death I dress up when I want to make a impression . - so how would it go ? stu Fine , thanks . saw my girl , say goodbye , everything 's gonna be okay . ( shrugging ) I guess I be yours now . monkeybone death , I would like to point out that none of this be my fault . the root of this tragedy go back to a callous , uncare society that - death let out a mighty roar and clap he great metal hand together . man and monkey be surely squish . but when death open he hand , stu be still there , cup safely in he palm . stu hey . where 's monkeybone ? death back in you head , where he belong . ( beat ) no offense , stu , but on you own you be kinda vanilla . I do not want to send you back without he . stu back ? you be send I back ? death it 's irregular , but ... I just love that strip of yours . I figure I will take the " family Circus " guy instead . stu death ! thank you ! death thank I next time you see I . he send stu rocketing upward into the stratosphere with a single flick of he finger . then he turn ... death ohhhh , hypnos ?? a bunch of frightened darktowner pitch the quivering satyr out into the middle of the town square . hypnos death ! so nice to see you . I can explain - he look up tremulously . a giant shadow fall across he ... follow by a giant armore foot . ext . zoo - dusk julie sob in a policeman 's arm at the exit to the zoo . julie I do not know what happen . all I know be ... he be in a coma ... and then he come back ... and now he 's go again . they wander out . behind they , a squad of cop be confiscate monkeybone doll from squawling child as they file out . ext . zoo - parking lot - dusk the two corpse , on gurney , be be load into the back of the police ambulance . the surgeon and he team come wander up . surgeon Excuse I . we lose a corpse - we see he head this way ... driver I get a couple of fresh one in the back . help yourself . the surgeon pull the sheet off corpse # 1 - aka o.d. stu . surgeon I will be . it 's he all right . still dead ... the second corpse sit up abruptly . his sheet fall away , revealing stu ... the real stu ... now back in he own body ! the surgeon and he team run away from the ambulance shrieking . ext . zoo - another angle - dusk buster bark like a maniac . julie turn and see a impossible vision amble toward she ... stu , alive and kick . she can not believe it 's he until he grab she and pull she close . julie be it you ? be it really you this time ? he pull she close and kiss she long and hard , quelling all doubt . julie oh , stu . tell I I be not dream . stu baby ... you be ask the wrong guy . they wander off , arm in arm . stu tug at the seat of he pants . julie what 's the matter ? stu my tail itches . he doe a take as he realize what he 's just say - but julie smile , and he shrug it off . johnny mercer 's " dream " come up underneath as the reunite lover walk off into the moonlight , and we fade out .