monster university Story by Dan scanlon Daniel gerson & Robert L. baird screenplay by Daniel gerson & Robert L. baird Dan scanlon ext . neighborhood - day a bird land on the ground . it peck at something , then the head stay up and another head peck at the ground . it turn and we see that it have two head . it squawk and fly off .... a school bus make its way down the street . sing can be hear from the kid inside . Pan up to reveal '' frighton elementary '' on the side of the bus . kide ( sing ) the neck bone 's connect to the : head bone . the head bone 's connect to the : horn bone . the horn bone 's right above the ... wing bone . ( laugh ) the bus pull into a parking lot . the bus door open and a third grade CLASS of monster kide pour through , push and yell and laugh and be generally chaotic . kid # 1 rahr ! kid # 2 ahh ! kid # 1 I scared you ! kid # 2 ( laugh ) no you do not ! mrs . grave okay , remember we field trip rule everyone : no push , no bite , and no fire-breathing . one of the kid breathes fire on one of he friend . FIRE student ( breathe fire ) rahr ! a teacher monster , mrs . grave , stand over he , give he a stern look . mrs . grave what do I just say ? ( sigh ) 18 , 19 ...? okay , we be miss one . who be we miss ? on the close bus door . a little green hand knock on the window door . on mrs . grave . mrs . grave ( cont ’d ) ( realize - this be not the first time ... ) oooh , Mike wazowski . the bus door open revealing a very tiny , 8 - year - old Mike wazowski , smile . young mike thanks Joe ! good luck finish you crossword puzzle ! mrs . grave sorry , Michael ! I do not see you . Mrs. grave approach and Mike jump down . when Mike hit the ground , we see how much bigger all the other kid be . young mike that 's okay . when I be on the bus , I find a nickel ! Mike walk away , hold the nickel . young mike ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) I wish I have pocket .... mrs . grave ( to the kid ) okay , everyone , partner up . get you field trip buddy ! on mike as he try to buddy with the kid who all happen to be bigger than he . young mike Jeremy ? you and I ? okay , no biggie . Haley ? no ? ( more ) young mike ( cont 'd ) pair up with Claire ? great choice , she 's a good egg . Russell . Mike . wazowski ? we carpool . we be cousin . phil , russell ( high -five ) hey ! phil and Russell head off . young mike okay , good catch up ! everyone have pair up , leave Mike on he own . for a second , Mike 's smile falter . Mrs. grave approach and smile bitter -sweetly . mrs . grave well , Michael , it look like it 's you and I again . young mike ( small laugh ) Mrs. grave take Mike 's hand . Mike see the kid walk up ahead . young mike ( cont 'd ) ( to he teacher ) C ’mon Karen , we be fall behind . Mike tug on Mrs. grave 's hand , pull she toward the other student . mrs . grave ( laugh ) please do not call I Karen . as we crane up , reveal we be at monster , Incorporated . int . monster , inc . - hallway Mrs. grave 's class be meet by a monster tour guide . MI tour guide now stay close together , we be enter a very dangerous area . the field trip be enter a scare floor . MI tour guide ( cont 'd ) welcome to the scare floor . the student be in awe as they see the scare floor . kide ( walla ) whoa ! MI tour guide this be where we collect the scream energy to power we whole world . and can anyone tell I whose job it be to go get that scream ? kide scarer ! MI tour guide that 's right ! now which one of you can give I the scariest roar ? kide ( raise hand ) ooh ! ooh ! me! I ! Mike have he hand raise too . young mike ooh , sir ! right here , little green guy at 2 o'clock ! kid # 1 roar ! kid # 2 no , no , it 's like this ! raahhr ! young mike hey guy , watch this one ! kid # 3 raaawrr ! young mike hey , hey , I get a really goo - kid # 4 braaar ! kid # 5 graaaahr ! young mike raaaaaoowrrrrrrrr ! the kid turn around . kid # 1 whoa ... kide whoa . the entire group of kid be stare at Mike , eye wide . he be amaze , for the first time all eye be on he . then , Mike realize the kid be actually look past he . Mike turn and he eye go wide too . a group of scarer be walk onto the scare floor - confident , cool , and awesome . young mike whoa . one of the scarer approach the kid . he wear a old , wear - in mu cap . mu scarer well , hey there kid ! be you ona tour with you school ? kide ( cheer ) yeah ! mrs . grave yes , we be here to learn about scream energy , and what it take to be a scarer ! mu scarer well hey , you be in luck . because I just happen to be a scarer ! I learn everything I know from my school , monster University . young mike ( in awe ) whoa ... mu scarer it 's the best scare school there be . another scarer , sneak up behind he and take he hat . fear tech scarer you wish , fear tech 's the best . the mu scarer snatch he hat back , smile . mu scarer okay , you guy watch we and tell I which school 's the best . alright ? ( whisper , he surreptitiously point to he cap ) mu be . employee ( scarer , assistant , can wrangler , etc. ) start to stream onto the floor . the tour guide usher Mike and the student to a view area . on mike , study everything on the scare floor . not watch , he put a foot past the line . MI tour guide oops . stop right there . do not cross over that safety line , human child be extremely toxic . Mike step back and watch all the activity , in awe . but just as the door start to get wheeled onto the floor , the bigger kid push they way to the front , block Mike 's view . kide ( excited walla ) look at that ! young mike whoa - hey ... guy , watch the eye ! ow ! Mike pop out from the back of the crowd and fall on he butt , but pop right back up again . kide ( walla ) whoa ! / wow ! young mike Excuse I , fella . how about we do tallest in the back ? Mike be desperate to see . he jump up , duck down , peek between leg and see : -a glimpse of a door be put into the door station . -a glimpse of a door 's light glow red . -a glimpse of a scarer warming up , snarling , etc . mean kid do you see that ? kid # 1 look , he 's gonna do a real scare ! kide ( excited walla ) whoa ! and then , Mike 's view be block completely . young mike ( sigh ) mean kid cool ! I wanna be a scarer ! kid # 2 yeah , I too ! Mike give it one more shot . young mike come on guy , I wanna see ! mean kid out of the way , wazowski , you do not belong on a scare floor . kide ( walla ) whoa ! cool ! Mike back away as he smile fade . Mike look frustrated , not be able to see . just then , a cart full of scream can come toward Mike . he get a idea . on teacher . she try to keep the kid together . mrs . grave Brian , do not step over the line . one of they point to the scare floor . emmet Mrs. grave ? Michael go over the line . Mrs. grave 's eye go wide . mrs. grave ( scream ) Michael ?! they all see Mike watch the mu scarer as he open the door to the human world and slink inside . the door start to close behind he . but not before Mike , move fast , slip through the door and into the human world too ! int . human kid 's room - night Inside the human kid 's room , Mike hide in the shadow as the scarer start he stealthy approach to the kid . the scarer be totally unaware that Mike be in the room . Mike 's terrify , but the more he watch the scarer , the more he get catch up in the excitement and awe of it all . the scarer be about to scare when suddenly the kid 's bedroom door open and the parent peep in . Mike be hide right behind the door , inch away from the human ! the scarer hide too , blend into the shadow . mom see , I tell you he 's fine . dad well , I think I hear something . the parent close the door and the scarer re-emerges , continue to build he scare . Mike watch the scarer scratch the end of the bed . the kid hear this and rise up in bed . the scarer slide under the side of the bed and then loom up over the kid . scream ! on mike as he watch . his mouth fall open , in awe . int . scare floor - continuous the scream can fill to the top . the mu scarer step through the door , a satisfied look on he face - a solid scare . the door shut down . and then he stop in he track when he realize there be dozen of people stare at he , panicked . mu scarer what ? the mu scarer step aside , revealing Mike smile , a daze , dreamy look in he eye . Mike be swarm by angry people - he teacher , factory employee , etc . crowd what be you think ?! ( walla ) this be ridiculous , young man ! you coulda get yourself kill , kid ! do you touch anything ?! do you know what could have happen ?! meanwhile , as the scarer who be in the room with Mike don he mu hat , someone come over and confer with he . the scarer look over at Mike , put thing together . as the angry walla continue , the mu scarer approach Mike again , sternly . Mike be still in awe of everything he just see . mu scarer that be real dangerous , kid . I do not even know you be in there . Mike look at the scarer , ashamed . and then , the scarer can not help but smile , realize something . mu scarer ( cont 'd ) ( impressed ) wow , I do not even know you be in there .... ( laugh ) not bad , kid . he wink and slap he mu hat on Mike , then cross away . mrs . grave Michael , what do you have to say for yourself ? Mike smile the biggest , happiest smile you have ever see . young mike how do I become a scarer ? 10 . push in to a cu of the mu logo . the eye in the '' m '' look from right to leave and Mike pop up from behind it . title : disney present : Mike use the '' D '' in Disney as tooth and frighten the credit off screen . Mike draw on a chalkboard . the chalk fly into the air and create : title : a pixar animation studio film scare card flash across the screen , with Mike draw he own . Mike be study with stack of book around he . Mike 's report card , a+ , '' horrifying . '' he burst through it with a roar ! the letter from the card break up and fall into a envelope . Mike tear it open and he 's ecstatic ! he get into ... title : monster university fade to : ext . bus a bus come to a stop . bus driver monster University ! anybody get off ? int . bus a backpack and a suitcase appear in the aisle . reveal mike , beam , brim with excitement . he turn to face everyone on the bus . 11 . mike ( happy sigh ) well everyone , I do not mean to get emotional but everything in my life have lead to this moment . let it not be just the beginning of my dream , but the beginning of all of we dream . gladys , promise I you will keep audition ! Marie , Mr. right be out there somewhere ! phil , keep use the ointment until that thing go away ! I wish you all the best , thank you all so much ! no response from the bus crowd . bus driver ( dead pan ) I be welling up with tear , now get off . unphase , Mike exit the bus . ext . bus Mike leap down the stair and gather he bag . he stare up in awe .... reveal monster university : the gate , with the campus beyond . ext . campus Mike walk onto a campus fill with monster student of all shape and size . in the background , the grand , classic architecture of a ivy League school . mike hello . how ya do ? a student on a bicycle whoosh by . student play monster hackey sack in the quad as another student with several arm post sign to a lamppost . a student on a skateboard whizze by as a giant monster step over Mike and move to catch a frisbee . mike ( cont 'd ) ( ground shaking voc ) ah! 12 . frisbee monster woo hoo ! mike ( excited laugh ) she catch the frisbee and send it back to she friend . CUT to : ext . bridge Mike walk over a bridge on a small river . he look down and see more student , swim into what must be a underwater section of the school . Mike check he list : mike ok , first thing on my list ... get register ! a monster in a '' smile squad '' shirt step up to Mike . jay the RA hey there , freshman ! I be jay the RA , and I be here to say that registration be that - a- way ! mike okay jay ! Mike head toward the registration area . jay the RA have a great first day ! Mike step up to the registration table . kay the RA hey , I be Kay ! here 's you orientation packet ! mike thanks Kay ! kay the RA you can drop you bag off here and get you picture take with Trey ! Kay motion toward Trey . CUT to : 13. Mike sit down to get he photo take . trey the RA say hooray ! mike hooray ! flash ! Trey take the photo . CUT to a insert of Mike 's id card , the top of he head be the only part in the photo . mike ( cont 'd ) ( be he upset ? ) I can not believe it ... ( thrilled ) I be officially a college student !! he join a freshmen tour group . fay okay everyone , I be fay and I will be give you you orientation tour on this perfect day ! the tour guide wave she flag . Mike be in awe . int . school of door technology the tour continue . fay here be the lab where student learn to design and build the door to the human world . we see a door be process . student ( tour walla ) wow ... a Professor swipe they i.d. and enter the work area . fay look like the professor 's about to test a door . a door be activate , and Mike catch a glimpse of a child 's bedroom . CUT to : 14 . int . cafeteria - moment later the tour guide lead Mike and the other freshmen through the cafeteria . fay the mu cafeteria serve a full buffet , three meal a day . I personally believe we have some of the best chef in the world . we see a student dump food into a trash can . a food worker then pick up the trash can and dump it back onto the buffet . CUT to : ext . campus - moment later fay the campus offer a wide variety of major but the crown jewel of mu be the scare school . student ( walla , in awe ) whoa ! the tour guide lead she tour away , leave Mike alone in awe of this famous building . CUT to : ext . quad - moment later Mike pass by a series of table , each one manned by student try to interest freshmen in they respective club . the debate team . debate member welcome to the debate team . we be happy to have you ! debate member # 2 I disagree for the follow reason . true happiness be a theoretical construct .... 15 . Mike continue to walk by the table and a eye appear behind he . he turn and he be eye to eye with another monster . eye monster hey there ! keep you eye on the sky ... at the astronomy club . the Art Club . a mop-look monster splashes pink paint over he head , cover himself . he then splatter he head on a canvas , create '' art '' while another member begin to play the drum . the improv Club . improv student hey , hey , hey ! come join the improv Club ! you will wish you be a... never ... always . ah , dang it ! Mike pass by with a smile - he 's not interested , but loving the variety of option , the huge world he 's enter . greek council table . greek council president mu 's Greek Council . yet again , not for Mike . until , just as he pass by ... greek council president ( cont ’d ) we sponsor the annual scare Games .... that get Mike 's attention . he stop -- mike ( stumbling ) the scare-what -now ? the goth Greek Council president and the jock Greek Council vice president pass Mike a flyer feature the game . greek council vp ( explosive energy ) the scare Games : a super- intense scare competition ! 16 . greek council president ( ominous , calm ) they be crazy - dangerous , so anything could happen . greek council vp ( explosive energy ) a bunch of guy go to the hospital last year ! greek council president ( ominous , calm ) you could totally die . greek council vp ( explosive energy ) and it 's worth it ! you get a chance to prove that you be the best ! Mike stare down at the flyer , intrigue . mike cool . int . dorm hallway - moment later the RA hand Mike a key . RA wazowski , room three nineteen ; you know you roommate be a scare major too . excite , Mike grab he key from the RA and excitedly head off toward he room . mike hello , I be you roommate . no , that 's too bland . ( exhale ) do not force it . just let it happen . you lifelong best friend be right behind this door ! ( deep breath ) Mike swing open the door and the monster in he room be ... randy bogg . Randy be hide in the shadow , then leap forward with a friendly hand outstretch . 17 . randy hey there ! I be you roomie . name 's Randy bogg , scare major ! mike ( small laugh ) Mike wazowski , scare major . randy I can tell we be gonna be best chum , Mike . take whichever bed you want - I want you to have first dib ! a student behind Randy drop some box . he disappear . randy ( cont 'd ) ( startle voc ) ah ! Randy reappear . mike ( gasp ) you just disappear . randy sorry . ( grow increasingly agitate ) if I do that in scare class , I 'il be a joke ! mike no , it 's totally great , you gotta use it . randy really ? mike yeah , but lose the glass - they give it away . Mike head into the room . Randy take off he glass and squint , look unintentionally evil . randy huh .... ( squinting voc ) Randy close the door . 18 . int . mike and randy 's dorm room Mike finish put the last of he many scare poster up , place book on a shelf , along with Little mikey and pin up the scare Games flyer . he then consult he checklist . mike okay , unpack - check . hang poster - check . now I just need to ace my class , graduate with honors , and become the great scarer ever . randy Boy , I wish I have you confidence , Mike . be not you even a little nervous ? mike actually , no . I have be wait for this my whole life . Mike hold the mu hat he get from the scarer when he be a kid . he walk toward the window . mike ( cont 'd ) I just can not wait to get start . we see the scare school in the distance . ext . scare school - morning the sun rise over the campus , as student make they way to class . go ! the bell in the campanile sound the hour , signal the start of the day . a slug student realize he 's late . slug oh man ! I can not be late on the first day ! he pump he arm furiously but do not get very far . CUT to : 19 . ext . school of scaring Mike and Randy head into the School of scare with the other student . student touch a statue as they pass by - a mu superstition . Mike have to jump up a little to reach it , but he touch the statue too . int . school of scaring Mike take in the enormous rotunda-style classroom . mike wow . bust of distinguished scare professor and alumnus sit on pedestal near the window . in front of each one be a scream can . Mike take a seat , much bigger monster on either side of he . a couple of they look down at Mike , amused . big student # 1 ( chuckle ) big student # 2 you gotta be kid I .... Randy sit next to Mike . randy I be so nervous .... mike relax , it will be fine . a large , tough , drill sergeant monster , professor knight , address the class . professor knight good morning student , welcome to scare 101 , I be Professor knight ! now , I be sure all of you be the scariest monster in you town , well bad news kid , you be in my town now , and I do not scare easily --- ( short scream ) suddenly a beam of light fall over Professor knight . student ( gasp ) 20 . he stop and look up to a now empty window . a shape fly around the room , close the curtain and land with a clatter behind he . student ( cont ’d ) ( walla ) Dean hardscrabble / that ' 's really she . the class watch as a form step out from the light revealing a tall dragon woman with large bat wing , dean hardscrabble . professor knight Dean hardscrabble . this be a pleasant surprise . on Mike watch hardscrabble head across the room , she chill insect leg tapping against the floor . Mike 's smile brighten . mike ( whisper to Randy ) she 's a legend ; she break the all time scare record with the scream in that very can . on hardscrabble . she adjust she scream can slightly . hardscrabble I do not mean to interrupt , I just think I have drop by to see the '' terrifying '' face join my program . student ( murmur ) professor knight well , I be sure my student would love to hear a few word of inspiration . hardscrabble ( address knight ) inspiration ? very well . she address the class . hardscrabble ( cont 'd ) scariness be the true measure of a monster . ( more ) 21 . hardscrabble ( cont 'd ) if you be not scary , what kind of monster be you ? it 's my job to make great student great , not make mediocre student less mediocre . the class remain nervous . hardscrabble ( cont 'd ) that be why at the end of the semester there will be a final exam . fail that exam , and you be out of the scare program . the class react . student ( gasp ) what ? on mike , he look nervous . on hardscrabble . hardscrabble so , I should hope you be all properly '' inspire . '' the Dean fly out of the top of the building . the class be in shock . student ( walla ) professor knight , step forward . professor knight alright , alright , who can tell I the property of a effective roar ? there be a beat , everyone be terrify , then ... a familiar green arm shoot up in the air . professor knight ( cont 'd ) yes . mike ( catch he breath ) there be actually five . that include the roar 's resonance , the duration of the roar , and the s- 22 . sulley rhaarrrr ! a booming roar stop Mike mid-sentence , blow everyone in the room away . reveal a dishevel 18 - year - old sulley , stumbling into class , late . sulley ( cont 'd ) whoops , sorry . I hear someone say roar , so I just kinda go for it . student ( chuckle , impressed ) sulley start to slide down the row of student , try not to squish people as he go by . sulley ( get by student ) whoops , excuse I , sorry ... do not mean to scare you there ... ( to student ) hey , how ya doin’ . professor knight very impressive , mr... sulley ( to the Professor ) Sullivan . Jimmy Sullivan . professor knight Sullivan ? like Bill Sullivan , the scarer ? sulley yeah , he 's my dad . student ( impressed walla ) no way , whoa ! big student # 1 he 's a Sullivan .... professor knight I should have know . I expect big thing from you . sulley reach he seat and look back to the professor confidently . 23 . sulley well , you will not be disappointed . Mike interrupt . mike uh , I be sorry , should I keep go ? professor knight no , no , Mr. Sullivan 's cover it . sulley shoot two finger pistol at the Professor . professor knight ( cont ’d ) ( laugh ) everyone take out you scare textbooks and open they to chapter one .... Mike sit down , he moment steal . sulley hey bub . could I borrow a pencil ? I forget all my stuff . a student hand sulley a pencil . sulley ( cont 'd ) ( pick he tooth ) yeah , there we go ... that 's 1ll get it . Mike be annoyed . int . mike and randy 's room Mike pin up he calendar , cover the scare Games flyer . randy come on Mike - it 's a fraternity and sorority party . we have to go ! Mike flip to December and mark the date for the scare final . mike we flunk that scare final , we be do . I be not take any chance . Mike go back to September and cross out the first day of school . 24 . randy we have get the whole semester to study , but this might be we only chance to get in good with the cool kid . that 's why I make this cupcake . Randy hold up cupcake that say spell out '' be my dal . '' Randy notice the mistake then turn the cupcake to read '' pal . randy ( cont 'd ) oops . that could have be embarrassing . Mike be too excited about study to party . mike when I be a scarer , life will be a nonstop party . stay outta trouble , wild man ! Randy giggle and head out , close the door behind he . randy ( giggle ) Wild man ... Mike laugh to himself . he get to work , open he scare book . a strange noise draw he attention to the window . he look back to the window when a strange pig-face monster animal suddenly pop up and stare he in the face . mike what the - ? suddenly the pig be push through the window and into Mike 's room . mike ( cont 'd ) ah ! the pig start run all over the room . then a big blue hand rise into view and grab the windowsill . sulley ( pull up effort ) archie ! 25 . mike ah ! sulley ah ! with a grunt , sulley fall into the room . sulley land with a thud on the floor . the pig run over he stomach and underneath the bed . mike hey ! what be you -- sulley shhhh . shh , shh , shh , shh . sulley duck down under the window . Mike hop down from the chair . Mike be shocked that he 's be shushed . mike wait , you be shushing I ?! hey , hey , you can not -- sulley put a hand to Mike 's mouth , silencing he . mike ( cont 'd ) ( finger in he mouth ) -- shushme . sulley look out the window . sulley 's Pov : four big fear tech monster ( in letterman jacket ) run by , scan the campus . fear tech monster # 1 where would he go ?! fear tech monster # 2 he 's dead meat ! fear tech monster # 3 that guy 's in big trouble ! fear tech monster # 1 yeah , he be . fear tech monster # 4 hey guy , over here ! on sulley who wait until they be out of sight , then laugh . 26 . sulley ( laugh ) fear tech dummy . mike ( muffle ) unghhhr ! ! reveal Mike , sulley 's hand still clamp over he mouth . sulley oh , sorry about that , buddy . sulley release Mike . mike ( gasp ) why be you in my room ?! sulley look around the room . sulley you room ? this be my ... this be not my room . ( then ) archie ? come here , boy ! mike archie ? sulley kneel down try to grab archie from under the bed . sulley archie the scare pig , he 's fear tech 's mascot . mike why be it here ?! sulley ( laugh ) I steal it ! gonna take it to the ror . mike the what ? sulley ( brag ) roar omega roar ? the top fraternity on campus ? they only accept the '' highly elite . '' ( brag ) ( more ) 27 . sulley ( cont 'd ) okay , I 'il lift the bed , you grab the pig . ready ? mike what ? no , no , ah .... sulley ( fast ) one , two , three ! sulley lift the bed with one hand and shove Mike under with the other . the bed bump and buck as archie and Mike struggle underneath . sulley ( cont 'd ) do not let go ! careful , he 's a biter ! a chomp sound . mike ( pain ) ahhh ! suddenly archie dart from under the bed , yanking a batter Mike behind he . archie jump on sulley and run all over he . sulley fall as archie leap to the bookcase . sulley climb Mike 's bookshelf to get archie . sulley I get ‘em . the bookshelf come crash down , everything fall onto sulley . sulley ( cont 'd ) uh oh . whoa ! ( fall then laugh ) that be awesome ! what be I do ? James P. Sullivan . mike Mike wazowski . Mike try to show sulley to the door . 28 . mike ( cont 'd ) listen , it be quite delightful meeting you and whatever that be , but if you do not mind I have to study my scare ! sulley pssh , you do not need to study scare , you just do it . mike really ? I think there 's a little more to it than that . but hey , thanks for stop by --- archie jump down off the desk with Mike 's '' mu '' hat in he mouth . mike ( cont 'd ) ( to archie ) ah ! let go of that ! Mike lunge for archie , but archie leap out the window . mike ( cont 'd ) my hat ! sulley my pig ! CUT to : ext . campus sulley dash out of the dorm first , slamm the door in Mike 's face . the chase continue .... sulley hey , come here - ( laugh ) mike ( run effort ) hey ! catch it .... come back here ! sulley be have a blast . Mike leap on to archie , but archie keep run , now with Mike on top of he . sulley yeah ! ride it to frat row ! 29 . on Mike as he try desperately to steer archie through campus . on a portentous monster who be play guitar for a group of girl . guitar monster tentacles and serpent ' wing they -- Mike and sulley burst through disrupt the song . int . frat row - continuous rush week . archie run toward frat row with Mike still on he back . sulley follow . mike ( riding voc ) whoooaaaa ... sulley whoooooo0000 ! mike ( breath ) wow ! archie run right through a fraternity house party . int . fraternity house - continuous Mike and sulley head into the party and barrel through . a student hang from the ceiling , have a great time . student ( swinging voc ) woo hoo ! Mike be barely hang on to archie as he run through a live room . they enter a game room , Mike tumble across a table and land right back onto archie . sulley jump over the table but crush it and grab a piece of pizza on he way . Mike come out of the party and run right into Randy , who 's hold out cupcake . randy cupcake ? 30 . mike ah ! randy ach ! the cupcake rain down on Randy 's head . sulley run past and jump over a railing . ext . fraternity house Mike ride archie through a dance party . he collide with a guy play football and fall off the pig . football student ( impact voc ) hey ! sulley leap over Mike as he 's down and continue after archie . Mike see a trash can at the end of a line of bike . he grab the football and aim for the bike .... sulley almost reach archie and dive for he , but miss . the bike fall over like domino , knock the trash can and roll it around just in time to catch archie as he run by . mike get it ! Mike pick up the pig and grab the hat , beam . mike ( cont 'd ) ha ha ! ( be pick up voc ) woohoo ! just then , sulley grab both of they and hoist they into the air , like a trophy . sulley fear tech 's mascot ! mu rule !! cheer erupt as mu student notice Mike and sulley with archie . crowd ( walla ) yeah ! 31 . sulley put Mike down and the crowd surround they , congratulate they . Mike grab he hat . sulley hand the pig to a group of student who slap a '' mu '' sticker over he fear tech saddle . for Mike , who be annoyed to be on this wild pig chase , the adulation of the crowd change thing . he soak it up , happily surprised . crowd ( cont 'd ) ( chant ) mu ! mu ! mu ! the jox , and another fraternity approach the two of they . big red do you see he catch that pig ?! you be jaw theta chi material , freshman ! mike well , thanks , I do not know the -- the fraternity brother walk right past Mike to sulley . frat brother no , no , no , he 's a omega howl guy . big red back off , we see he first . frat brother no way , we do ! Mike notice they be fight over sulley , when suddenly a voice call out . johnny o.s. I will take it from here , gentleman ! everyone turn to see a huge monster with large horn and a protrude lower jaw flanke with terrifying fang : johnny . he step forward parting the crowd . johnny and he gang wear letterman jacket that read '' ror . '' student ( sotto , impressed ) the ror ... johnny approach sulley . johnny johnny worthington , president of roar omega roar . what 's you name Big Blue ? the other fraternity slink away . sulley Jimmy Sullivan , friend call I sulley . sulley react pleasantly surprised . chet this guy 's a sullivan ! like the famous Sullivan ! I can not believe it ! that be crazy .... ( laugh ) johnny ( dead pan ) Chet , calm down . chet ( cower ) I be sorry . johnny sulley , any freshman with the gut to pull off a stunt like that have get '' future scarer '' write all over he . sulley 's sweep toward the ror house , follow after and the ror brother . Mike follow after he . mike ( chuckle , want to join in ) hey , do you see I ride the pig , that take gut .... Mike be stop by one of johnny 's thug . chet slow down squirt , this party be for scare student only . johnny lean down to Mike 's level . johnny , 32 . 33 . johnny oh , sorry killer , but you might want to hang out with someone a little more you speed . they look fun ! johnny point to oozma kappa ; a group of loser monster stand by a table that say oozma kappa . it 's cover with balloon and cake . don oh hey ' dere ! wanna join oozma kappa ?! squishy we have cake ! a monster eat the entire cake in one bite . a balloon deflate and land on squishy 's face . johnny ( condescending ) go crazy . johnny start to walk away .... Mike be stunne . he can not be serious . mike be that a joke ? johnny stop , annoyed . johnny ( annoyed sigh ) sulley , talk to you friend . johnny look to sulley with a pain smile . sulley look back and forth between the cool ror and Mike . sulley ( to johnny ) well , he 's not really my friend , but sure ... ( to Mike ) you hear he , this be a party for scare student . mike I am a scare student ! 34 . sulley I mean , for scare student who actually , you know , have a chance . burn , the ror brother laugh . this stop Mike , he eye narrow . chet ah , snap ! mike my chance be just as good as yours . sulley get 's embarrassed , frustrated . sulley you be not even in the same league with I . mike just wait hot shot , I be gonna scare circle around you this year . sulley look surprised , and a little embarrassed to be call out in front of the ror , but he laugh it off . sulley ( laugh ) okay , I have like to see that . mike oh do not worry ... ( to himself put he hat on and walk away ) you will . in the bg , the ror put they arm around sulley and usher he into the fraternity house . int . scare classroom the student be stand around Professor knight . professor knight ready position . common crouch . they quickly show the pose . the professor make adjustment . 35 . professor knight ( cont ’d ) I wanna see matte fur , and yellow tooth ! move onto the next pose ... professor knight ( cont ’d ) Basic snarl . drill sergeant , make they the best they can be . student # 3 ( growl ) professor knight show I some slobber ! mike ( growl ) professor knight drool be a tool , kid ! use it ! sulley ( growl ) he survey the student and come to sulley . professor knight now here be a monster who look like a scarer ! Mike look over to sulley .... sulley look back , point finger pistol at Mike . Mike , frustrated , turn back into the position with even more gusto . professor knight ( cont ’d ) you want a hope of pass this class , you better eat , breathe and sleep scare . CUT to : on mike update he calendar . in September , he mark out he second day of class . 36 . int . library Mike pull a book off the shelf and add it to a stack of book he be carry . he grab another book as he keep walk . he climb a ladder to grab a book on the top shelf and add it to he very tall stack . he grab another book out from under a sleep student . Mike study away in the library , memorize the different scare . dissolve to : int . dorm room Mike practice he scare face in the mirror . mike ( roar ) he pull out he retainer to make he face more scary . mike ( cont 'd ) ( roar ) CUT to : int . library and rec hall sulley be in the library and he find a '' scare Fundamentals '' book . but he use the book to steady a ping - pong table . it 's ready to play on now . sulley bounce a ball , beer - pong style . he bounce it into the mouth of a sleep monster with a tic-tac - toe grid on he chest . sulley 's ball win the game . sulley' friend ( walla ) yeah ! sulley yeah ! transition to : ext . quad we cut to Mike toss a ball over he head as Randy quizze he . mike gimme another one .... randy fear of spider ? mike arachnophobia . randy fear of thunder . mike keraunophobia . randy fear of chopstick . mike consecotaleophobia . what be this , kindergarten ? give I a hard one . ext . mu arena on the field , the mu team score a touchdown . monster cheerleader start to cheer , the mu band strike up . cheerleader ( cheer ) go monster u! you know what to do ! a player catch a football , then a bigger player pick he up , then a giant player pick they up and run through the field trample every player . pandemonium in the stand . sulley and he ror friend cheer . pan down to Mike and Randy in the stand . Mike study he scare textbook , oblivious to the game and cheer around he . a drink fall on Mike and he look up from he book . but then go back to he book as the crowd cheer again . wipe cut : October calendar page . 37 . 38 . int . classroom the Professor list multiple choice answer on the chalkboard . mike the answer be C , fang ! professor knight well do , Mr. wazowski . mike a bowl of spider . professor knight correct ! mike a clown run in the dark ! professor knight right again ! mike wart , boil and mole , in that order . professor knight outstanding ! sulley look over at Mike annoyed . CUT to : int . gym Mike and sulley be next to each other on the treadmills . they start to compete with each other . Mike speed up so sulley speed up too . but it be too much for he and he fall off the treadmill . Mike laugh but then fall off too , spin and then fly off . ext . classroom step sulley walk down the stair toward johnny hold he exam result . sulley give johnny a high five . johnny put he arm around sulley encouragingly until Mike rush down the stair and reveal he '' a + '' exam and run off . 39 . a ror brother grab the exam out of sulley 's hand and show johnny he get a '' C - . '' sulley grab it back and walk away , '' no big deal . '' johnny and the ror exchange concerned look . CUT to : the calendar show November be almost over .... CUT to : int . dorm hall Close on a work - study timecard for Michael wazowski . Mike pull it out and punch in . Mike be study again as he buff the floor . mike ( practice roar ) monster have to jump out of the way as he drive by because he be not pay attention . student ah ( leaping out of the way ) ! Mike run over several monster , but be so focus on he book he do not notice . monster continue walk past and one slip on the slick floor . he run over more monster as he practice scary face . mike ( practice roar ) dissolve to : int . classroom Mike demonstrate the different scare for the professor . mike ( roar for each scare , soft ) professor knight ogre 's slump . 40 . mike ( roar for each scare , soft ) professor knight Zombie snarl . mike ( roar for each scare , soft ) professor knight dominant silverback gorilla . mike ( roar for each scare , soft ) the professor be thoroughly impressed . professor knight that be some remarkable improvement , Michael . sulley attempt to make a scare face . sulley ( roar voc ) professor knight one frightening face do not a scarer make , Mr. Sullivan . sulley look over at Mike , disappointed in himself . Mike smile at sulley and point finger pistol at he . CUT to : the scare final be come up . Mike look at he calendar and circle the date in red . ext . school of scaring - day Mike and Randy approach the School of scare , nervous but determine . they quiz each other on the way . mike ( in the background ) a townson grimace with extra slobber . 41 . randy you get it ! mike that 's what I be sayin 's ! sulley scowl as he watch from afar with the ror . sulley ( to the ror ) I be gonna wipe the floor with that little know - it- all . johnny put he arm on sulley 's shoulder . johnny yes you be , Big Blue . johnny remove sulley 's ror jacket . sulley 's confuse . sulley hey , wait , what be you -? johnny it 's just a precaution . ror be the best scarer on campus , Sullivan . can not have a member get show up by a beach ball . johnny and sulley look toward Mike as he enter the School of scare . randy ( in the background ) whoa ! amazing ... mike ( laugh ) woo-hoo , I be on a roll ! on sulley . sulley I be gonna destroy that guy ! johnny ( be : jacket ) well , then you will get this back right away . it 's time to start deliver on that Sullivan name . sulley 's face drop . he try to put on a confident face , but we can see it 's a struggle . 42 . int . scare CLASS Professor knight address the class for they final . professor knight today 's final will judge you ability to assess a child 's fear , and perform the appropriate scare ... in the scare simulator . on the simulator - a simulate human child 's bedroom , complete with robotic child , much more low tech then we ’1ll see in monster , Inc . on the student - stare at the simulator , nervous . on knight - lift the setting on the simulator to medium . professor knight ( cont ’d ) the child 's sensitivity level will be raise from bed - wetter to heavy sleeper . so give it everything you have get . he close and lock a control box at the bottom of the bed and turn to the class . professor knight ( cont ’d ) Dean hardscrabble be with we this morning to see who will be move on in the scare program , and who will not . he gesture to hardscrabble stand off to the side . on sulley watch hardscrabble , fear set in . hardscrabble casually dust she record - break scream can as she move to the front of the class . Mike and Randy look over to hardscrabble , fear set in . professor knight ( cont ’d ) let 's get start ! int . scare CLASS - moment later a nervous student stand on stage by the simulator , wait for he exam to start . 43. professor knight I be a 5 - year - old girl afraid of spider and Santa Claus . which scare do you use ? Dean hardscrabble fly from the floor up to the window . the student try out can not help notice . student try out # 1 uh , that 's a seasonal creep and crawl . professor knight demonstrate . the student walk through the door to the simulator and lunge , roaring at the sim kid . student try out # 1 roar ! ! the student look to Professor knight . professor knight result will be post outside my office . next ! the next student step up . on mike who force himself to stop watch the test . mike ( to himself ) focus . Mike pull out he textbook and do some last- minute cram . mike ( cont 'd ) ( exhale ) Johnson crackle and howl . ( check the book ) yes ! ( laugh ) Mike continue to study . reveal sulley watch Mike , resentful - that confident little guy be the first person to ever make he second - guess he scare ability . student ( 0.s. ) roar ! 44 , sulley turn to see johnny and the ror enter and sit in the stand . johnny look to sulley . sulley turn back to Mike confidently , but it 's all for show - Mike have get under he skin . on Mike as sulley walk by and '' accidentally '' bump Mike 's book off the wall . Mike glare at he . mike hey , do you mind ? sulley do not mind at all . sulley start warming up , obnoxiously , right by Mike . sulley ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) roar ! grri !! arr ! Mike shoot dagger at sulley . randy C ’mon Mike , let 's just move . Mike jump down near sulley and pick up he book . mike stay outta my way . unlike you , I have to work hard to get into the scare program . sulley that 's because you do not belong here . mike ( beat ) rahr ! sulley be surprised but he roar back . sulley roar ! ( laugh , to himself ) that 's what I think .... sulley go back to practice as Mike 's cocky smile melt . his word have get under Mike 's skin . 45 . sulley ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) roar ! roar ! roar ! roar ! roar ! roar ! roar ! roar ! roar ! roar ! Mike get into sulley 's face and start practice he scare too . mike ( quietly ) roar ! roar ! roar ! roar ! roar ! roar ! roar ! roar ! roar ! roar ! sulley keep do the same scare move . with every lunge , Mike do a different move . other student start to take notice of the guy . Randy look up at hardscrabble , concerned . he see that hardscrabble be take notice .... Mike and sulley get closer and closer to one another and then sulley step back , trip on the book . sulley ( stumbling back voc ) whoa - sulley stumble back and bump into the stand hold hardscrabble 's scream can . it start wobble .... the can wobble strongly then fall . there 's a beat - then it appear to be undamage . whew - they be safe . suddenly , the scream be release , send the can spin around the room ! student have to duck out of the way as it fly back and forth . it finally land in front of Mike and sulley , empty completely . suddenly a huge , dark figure land in front of they , wing outstretch . Mike and sulley come face to face with Dean hardscrabble . she pick up she empty scream can . Randy look from Mike and sulley to hardscrabble , then blend himself invisible . mike I be so sorry . 46 . sulley it be a accident . hardscrabble what , this ? my one souvenir from a lifetime of scare ? accident happen do not they ? the important thing be : no one get hurt . mike you be take this remarkably well . hardscrabble now , let 's continue the exam . ( to Mike ) Mr. wazowski , I be a 5 - year - old girl on a farm in Kansas afraid of lightning . which scare do you use ? Mike look around confuse , why be she take over ? mike should not I go up on the -- hardscrabble ( lean in ) which scare do you use ? mike that be a shadow approach with a crackle holler . hardscrabble demonstrate . Mike move through the step of the scare deliberately . he take a deep breath , prepare to scare when : hardscrabble ( cont 'd ) stop ! thank you . mike but I do not get to sh -- hardscrabble I have see enough . hardscrabble turn to sulley . hardscrabble ( cont 'd ) I be a 7 - year - old boy -- 47 . sulley step forward and roar ferociously . hardscrabble be unimpress . sulley ( interrupt ) roar ! hardscrabble I be not finish . sulley I do not need to know any of that stuff to scare . hardscrabble that " stuff " would have inform you that this particular child be afraid of snake . so a roar would not make he scream , it would make he cry , alert he parent , expose the monster world , destroy life as we know it , and of course , we can not have that , so I be afraid I can not recommend that you continue in the scare program , good day . sulley ( laugh , then it dawns on he ) wait , what ? but I be a Sullivan . hardscrabble ( smile ) well then , I be sure you family will be very disappointed . sulley be incredulous , confuse . he look up into the stand , just in time to see the door swing shut on johnny and the ror as they exit . sulley can not believe this be happen . he turn to Mike and stare at he with pure hate and then march off . Mike watch sulley leave , concerned . hardscrabble ( cont 'd ) and Mr. wazowski , what you lack be something that can not be teach , you be not scary . Mike stand there , stunne . hardscrabble ( cont 'd ) you will not be continue in the scare program . mike please , let I try the simulator , I will surprise you . hardscrabble surprise I ? I doubt that very much . smash to black . fade up from black ext . establishing shot time lapse : barely any leave be on the tree . int . can design CLASS - day on a boring professor , Professor brandywine . reveal Mike sit in class , pain to be there . he stare out the window at the School of scare in the distance . professor brandywine welcome back , I hope everyone have a pleasant break . some say that a career as a scream can designer be boring , unchallenge , a waste of a monster 's potential .... beat . professor brandywine ( cont ’d ) ( inhale ) open you textbooks to chapter three . we will now plunge into the rich history of scream can design . Mike look over to sulley who be glaring at he . sulley squeeze he scream can in frustration at Mike , and Mike glare back at he . 48 . 49 , ext . quad Mike emerge from class , deject . he head toward he dorm . we pull out and reveal that sulley be walk next to he , still glaring .... Mike pay no attention . sulley stop and watch Mike walk off ahead of he . int . mike 's dorm room Mike slowly walk into he room , depressed , shutting the world out . he stand by he bed and stare at he mu hat , then look out the window at the School of scare across the quad . his heart break . he look down at he lame scream can tech book . his frustration boil and he throw the book against the wall . the book knock down he calendar revealing the scare Games poster . Mike 's brow raise and a smile slowly grow across he face . he quickly tear the poster off the wall . int . freshmen dorm hallway Mike open he door and sulley be stand there , still glaring . Mike smile . mike ( excited breath ) out of my way ! Mike rush down the hall with he poster , determine ! mike ( cont 'd ) come through ! ( bump into a student ) oops , sorry ! ha ha ! sulley stare at Mike , what 's get into he ? ext . frat row the Greek scare Games kickoff . fraternity and sorority monster have gather for the event . the Greek Council president and vp be on stage to address the crowd . 50 . greek council president welcome to this year 's Greek scare Games kickoff ! the over - excited vice president lean into he mic and yell to the crowd . greek council vp the scare game ! yah !!! greek council president okay , relax . we have a special guest , the founder of the Games - Dean hardscrabble ! more cheer as Dean hardscrabble step to the podium . hardscrabble good afternoon . as a student I create this game as a friendly competition . but be prepare : to take home the trophy you must be the most fearsome monster on campus . instantly pose , a student photographer snap a picture of the ror . hardscrabble ( cont 'd ) so good luck , and may the best monster win ! hardscrabble leave the stage . greek council vp alright everybody , we be close down sign -up , so we will see you all - mike wait ! Mike push through the crowd . mike ( cont 'd ) I be signing up . the crowd , especially the ror , bust out laugh . johnny ( laugh ) what ?! on professor hardscrabble who narrow she eye . what 's wazowski up to ? 51 . sulley show up , still angry , look for Mike . greek council president uhhh , you have to be ina fraternity to compete . mike behold , the next win fraternity of the scare Games ... the brother , my brother , of oozma kappa ! Mike point , revealing the member of the misfit fraternity : Don , terri and Terry , squishy , and Art . they be not use to have so many eye on they , but they stand proud . squishy hi. a balloon deflate on squishy 's head . the crowd snicker . hardscrabble approach Mike . hardscrabble Mr. wazowski , what be you do ? mike you just say the winner be the most fearsome monster on campus . if I win , it mean you kick out the best scarer in the whole school . hardscrabble that will not happen . mike how about a little wager ? student ( shocked gasp ) mike if I win , you let I back in the scare program . on sulley sulley ( roll he eye ) pfft ... hardscrabble and what would that prove ? 52 . mike that you be wrong . student ( shocked laugh ) hardscrabble very well , if you win I will let you entire team into the scare program , but if you lose , you will leave monster University . Mike struggle with this and then ... mike deal . hardscrabble ( smile ) now all you need to do be find enough member to compete . Mike turn to the misfit . mike we need six guy , right ? greek council vp sorry chief , we count body , not head . ( point to terri and Terry ) that dude count as one . terri and Terry look at each other . Mike 's in a panic . mike ( frantic ) anybody else wanna join we team ?! anyone at all ? randy Excuse I . sorry , I be late . can I just squeeze by - Mike suddenly spot Randy in the crowd . mike Randy ! Randy , thank goodness , I need you on my team ! 53. randy oh sorry , I be already on a team . johnny call over , annoyed . johnny bogg ! Randy look conflict , nervous . he reveal he fraternity affiliation .... randy I be finally in with the cool kid Mike , don 's T blow this for I ! he cross to stand near the ror . johnny do the thing . with a pain smile - Randy 's thrilled to be a ror , but be not exactly one of the guy - Randy camouflage . please , johnny chuckle . chet ( mock surprise ) oh , where do he go ? ( laugh ) ror brother ( laugh ) mike please anybody ! I need one more monster . just one more ! on president . greek council president ( to Mike ) yeah sorry , do not look good . we have to move on . you team do not qualify . sulley yes it do . sulley climb on the car that Mike be stand on . sulley ( cont 'd ) the star player have just arrive . Mike 's eye go wide . 54 . mike no way ! ( to the crowd ) someone else , please anyone else ! greek council president we be shutting down sign - up , okay . be he on you team or not ? sulley smile at Mike , cocky . crowd member come on , let 's go ! mike ( steaming ) Fine ! yes , he 's on my team . hardscrabble smile a chill smile . hardscrabble good luck . hardscrabble walk off . sulley alright wazowski , what 's the plan ? ext . oozma kappa fraternity house reveal : oozma kappa fraternity house , a quaint little house . on sulley and Mike look confuse by this place . sulley this be a fraternity house ? the door swing open , revealing don carlton . don hey there , teammatey ! come on aboard ! int . oozma kappa fraternity house . Don usher sulley and Mike inside . 55 . don as the president of oozma kappa , it be my honor to welcome you to you new home ! Mike and sulley step inside a very underwhelm house , where they find they new fraternity brother wait . squishy we call this room , '' Party Central . '' it look like a old lady 's house . terry technically , we have not actually have a party here yet . terri but when we do , we will be ready . terri press a remote and a disco ball drop from the ceiling on a cord . the cord snap and the disco ball smashes onto the floor . int . oozma kappa live room everyone be mingling . don whoo ! hot cocoa train be come through . whoa ... next stop ... you ! Don hand Mike a drink . Mike begin to address the room . mike I would like to start we off first by - sulley ( interrupt ) so ... you guy be scare major ? sulley stand near a cabinet look at the dainty '' old lady '' object . don ( laugh ) we be . none of we last very long . I guess we just be not what old hardscrabble be look for . ( more ) 56 . don ( cont 'd ) ( hand sulley a business card ) .-- Don carlton , '' mature '' student . thirty year in the textile industry and then ol 's dandy Don get downsize . figure I could throw myself a pity party or go back to school and learn the computer . Mike and sulley turn to the cheery two -headed monster . terry hello , I be Terry with a y ! terri and I be terri with a i. I ’ma dance major ! terry and I be not . terri 5 6 7 8 , do , do , do , do , 7 8 , turn ! and turn .... why do not you turn ? terry ( lower voice ) because we never agree to do this . terri you say this be gonna be cool . terry no one say this be gonna be cool . terri now I be embarrassed . terry now you be embarrassed ? terri yes , because it 's in front of people . terry you should wake up embarrassed ! next , it 's Art 's turn - big , burly , but with a sensitive side . art ( gruff ) hey ! I be art. New Age philosophy major . ( more ) art ( cont 'd ) excite to live with you , and laugh with you , and cry with you . he hand they each a journal . art ( cont 'd ) think you might like to keep a dream journal . suddenly , squishy pop up right behind sulley . squishy guess that leave I . squishy give sulley a start - where do that little guy from ? squishy walk around in front of sulley and take seat . squishy ( cont 'd ) my name 's Scott squibble . my friend call I '' squishy . '' I be undeclared , unattach and ... ( lose steam ) ... unwelcome pretty much everywhere but here . Mike try to take control again . mike well , now that we have all be introduce , as captain of we team - sulley ( interrupt again ) so basically you guy have no scare experience ? misfit ( laugh ) squishy ( chuckle ) not a lot ! but now we have get you ! don you be about the scariest feller I have ever see - even with they pink polka dot . sulley ( blush , laugh ) aw , thanks . 57 . come a 58 . mike well actually , I think I bring the whole package -- squishy grab sulley 's hand and hold it up to he face . squishy you hand be as big as my face ! terri he 's like a mountain , with fur ! sulley ( awe shuck ) awe come on , I do not even work out ! art yeah , I neither . ( to Mike ) I do not wanna get too big . ( sniff ) don ( laugh ) we think we dream be over , but Mike say if we win , they be let we in the scare program ! terri / terry we be gonna be real scarer ! misfit the best !/ yeah , we be !/ you betcha ! on mike and sulley as sulley give a confuse , awkward humoring nod . sulley ( humoring nod ) yeah , right ... sulley look over to Mike and shoot he a suspicious look . Mike just smile and nod . CUT to : int . mike and sulley' fraternity room the guy enter a dark room , where Don flip a switch to turn on the light . 59 . don and here 's what you have be waitin’ for , fella , you very own oozma kappa bedroom . it 's a very small room with bunk bed . sulley ( chuckle , incredulous , as in '' this should be interesting '' ) ah great , we be share this room ? don we will let you guy get settle . anything you need , you just give a big holleroony ! Don shut the door , leave Mike and sulley alone in the room together . sulley okay , thanks buddy ... ( quickly to Mike ) be you kid I ? mike look , they do not need to be good . I be gonna carry the whole team . sulley really ? and who 's gonna carry you ? Mike stare at sulley , furious . mike hey , you wanna go back to can design , you know where the door be . suddenly , the light go out in the room . sulley flick the switch . nothing . sulley great . int . oozma kappa fraternity house Mike and sulley feel they way through the darken house . mike guy ? anybody home ? 60 . suddenly a door creak open revealing a stairwell lead down . mike ( cont 'd ) um , hello ? fellas ? int . oozma kappa basement - night Mike and sulley step down into the basement . one candle be light in the middle of the room . a robed monster ( Don ) suddenly step from the shadow . don do you pledge you soul to the oozma kappa brotherhood ?! a robe terri and Terry step out from the shadow . Terry whacks Mike on the butt with a paddle . mike ow ! terry do you swear to keep secret - — terri all that you learn here ? art no matter how horrifying ! squishy whacks sulley on the butt with a paddle . sulley hey ! a robe squishy rise from the shadow , paddle in hand . squishy will you take the sacred oath of the S -- suddenly , a super - bright light come on , flooding the basement in light . a middle - age monster mom come down the stair carry a basket of laundry . misfit ( bright light reaction ) whoa ! / hey , for cry out loud . 61 . ms . squibble sweetie , turn the light on while you be down here . you be go to ruin you eye . squishy Mom , we be do a initiation ! ms . squibble oh scary ! well , carry on , just pretend I be not here . squishy this be my mom 's house . squishy try to pretend she 's not there . squishy ( cont 'd ) do you promise to look out for you brother , no matter what the peril .... Ms. squibble go about she business , turn on both the washer and the dryer . the noise get much louder . squishy ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) .-.- will you defend oozma kappa , no matter how dangerous , no matter how insurmountable the odd may be ? from evil - both great and small - in the face of unending pain and -- ( then , give up ) oh , forget it . you be in . the brother of oozma kappa crowd around Mike and sulley . don look , we know we be no one 's first choice for a fraternity . so it mean a lot to have you here with we . squishy can not wait to start scare with you , brother ! squishy offer they each a oozma kappa baseball hat . Mike put it on then look to sulley - be he in or out ? a beat , then sulley reluctantly put on the hat . it 's way small for he giant head . the fraternity brother cheer ! 62 . Terry whacks sulley on the butt again with the paddle . sulley snatch the paddle away and snap it in half . terri and Terry scurry away . the misfit head off . squishy ( cont 'd ) time for a celebration ! grab the couch cushion , gentleman , cuz we be building a fort ! misfit ( cheer walla ) yeah ! squishy Mom ! can we stay up late tonight ?! int . oozma kappa , mike and sulley 's room - morning the sun be just come up as Mike sleep in bed . he roll over , right into a blue furry hand . he cuddle into the hand for a beat . panning wide we see that sulley 's arm be flop out of he top bunk . it 's so long it reach down onto Mike 's bed . mike ( snore , murmure ) I know you be a princess and I be just a stable boy - Mike cuddle tenderly with the hand for another moment , then the alarm go off . his eye open , and he see sulley 's hand . mike ( cont 'd ) ( cuddle noise , then ) acchhhh ! he push the hand away , flipping a sleep sulley out of the top bunk . bam ! sulley land on the floor , then pop up angrily . sulley ( impact effort ) what ?! Mom ! ( look to Mike ) what be you do ?! 63 . mike you grubby paw be in my bed ! sulley ( flustered ) be you kissing my hand ? mike ( big laugh ) no ! and what about you with all you shed ! sulley I do not shed . mike really ? Mike punch the bottom of sulley 's mattress , and blue hair come cascade down off the mattress . sulley try push past Mike , as Mike get out of bed . Mike try to go around sulley . mike ( cont 'd ) Excuse I - sulley ( growl ) I just wanna get my stuff - sulley mike ( push effort ) would you ...just ... let I get ow ... - hey , come on ..oof ! my stuff ! ahhh , ow ! they fall out of they bedroom door . flash ! they find all the misfit gather there in the hallway , smile at they . squishy first morning in the house ! art that 's go in the album . Don run up the stair out of breath . don guy ! we get ... a letter ! squishy a letter ? really ? terri we never get mail . 64 . Mike , sulley , and the misfit gather around . Don hand Mike the letter , Mike try to take it from Don , but it 's stick to he tentacles . don ( letter stick to tentacles voc ) oh sorry , it 's stick .... mike ( grab the letter ) would you , gimme that ! Mike finally pull it off of Don and read it . don tentacles ... ( laugh ) they be sticky ... Mike open the envelope revealing a mysterious letter . mike ( gasp ) it 's the first event of the scare Games ! misfit ( walla ) cool ! / alright ! mike '' a child 's room be where you scare , but avoid the toxicity lurking there . '' sulley wait a minute , where do they want we to meet ? int . sewer / drain system , on campus - night Mike , sulley , and the misfit tentatively step into the sewer / drain locate on campus . Water drip , graffiti on the wall , spooky . art of all the sewer on campus this one have always be my favorite . 65 . terry Art , you have be here before ? art I have a life outside of the house , you know ! as they step forward and turn a corner , they hear voice ... and then they see : the assemble throng for the first event of the scare Games . the Greek Council president and vp stand in the center of the sewer , on a stage against a wall . all the compete fraternity and sorority be there , gather around the stage . greek council vp welcome to you worst nightmare , the scare game ! ( enjoy the excitement ) yeee , yes , I love it ! I love this energy ! okay , okay everybody ! Mike glance up , notice hardscrabble peer in from on high . greek council president let 's hear it for the frat and sorority compete in this year 's game ! jaw theta chi ! on the jox team . a collection of big , wide - shoulder jock . Big Red , they leader , take a board and break it over he head . greek council president ( cont ’d ) python nu kappa ! on the pnk team . a group of pretty and seemingly friendly female monster . greek council vp slugma slugma kappa ! on the eek team . a collection of athletic female monster . they cheer in a huddle . greek council vp ( cont ’d ) roar omega roar ! 66 . on the ror . this be the top scarer , wealthy , privileged , with the large fan base . greek council president eta hiss hiss ! on the hss . a collection of creepy goth coed . hss sister hiss ... greek council vp and finally ... oozma kappa ... on the oozmas . the guy look small and pathetic . the crowd go silent , a lone cheer accompany the group . Mike look over to see Ms. squibble call down from a sewer grate . ms . squibble yay ! woohoo ! squishy hi Mom ! ms . squibble smile ! she snap a picture . back on the oozmas , Mike sigh . greek council vp let 's begin the first competition : the toxicity challenge ! greek council president human child be toxic ! she make she way across the stage now to point to a draw of child 's toy . greek council president ( cont ’d ) and anything they touch be toxic . greek council vp we do not have any human toy but thanks to mu 's biology department , we have find a close second . the sting glow urchin ! some student bring in a crate stamp with the word '' mu biology dept . '' the president reach into the crate with a metal claw and pull out a beautiful , glow , spikey orb . the crowd recoil in fear . the urchin glow and spark menacingly . greek council vp ( cont ’d ) ( to the crowd ) trust I when I say you be not gonna wanna touch this bad boy ! on Art in the crowd . art I wanna touch it . on president . greek council president and you certainly do not wanna touch any of its friend . reveal a entrance to a tunnel ... which be fill with hundred of the toxic glow urchin scattered along the floor . the crowd be terrify . on Art . art yeah , I wanna touch ‘em . on vp . greek council vp ( point to the tunnel ) this be the start line . the light at the end of the tunnel be the finish line . greek council president and whoever come in last be eliminate from the game . squishy Mike ? Mike jump . mike ah ! what be it ? squishy do that mean if we lose we be out ? 67 . 68. mike do not worry , smoothie . squishy squishy . mike squishy . we be not gonna lose , because we have everything we need to win right here . Mike point to he chest . squishy ( smile ) heart . mike no , I ! I be gonna win the race for we . sulley push Mike out of the way . sulley alright , alright , that 's very cute but move , move , move . I be gonna win this . mike it 's a obstacle course - what be you gonna do roar at it ?! sulley I can get through faster than you , little guy . on Mike as he glare at sulley and ready himself at the start line . on president . greek council president take you place at the start line ! we see the fraternity and sorority line up along the start line of the scare Games course . rosie this be all about teamwork . carla everybody stick together . 69 . the misfit stand in the background , behind Mike and sulley . mike I be gonna beat you over that finish line ! sulley get ready to eat my dust ! squishy hey guy , should we huddle up ? on president and vp . greek council president attention team , one last thing . scarer work in the dark . with that , the floodlight be shut down , leave the course entirely dark . in the darkness , the glow urchin become infinitely more terrifying , glow and sparking dangerously . squishy ( scared ) I wanna go home . greek council vp on you mark ! squishy , terri and Terry turn to the pnk finish they huddle . terry ( nervous ) hey , good luck lady . carrie thanks , we be gonna rip you to piece ! terri what ? the pnk sister shoot the misfit a evil look . pnk sister ( hiss sound ) the misfit be even more terrify now . greek council vp get set . Mike and sulley glare at each other one last time . 70 . greek council vp ( cont 'd ) goo !! the race begins ! art run off , the oozmas and all the other team follow behind Art who lead the charge with a war cry ! art I be gonna touch ' em ! he immediately hit a bunch of the glow urchin , which illuminate , shocking he . he come crash down and look over at he leg , which immediately balloon right up . art ( cont 'd ) ( voc get hit & fall , then laugh ) ah ! whoa ! ah ! ( balloon up ) aaaaaah ! the crowd go crazy . the team be off ! Mike and sulley carefully start navigate the danger , ignore the misfit . the eek sister be right behind the guy and one of they step on a urchin . eek sister # 1 ow ! the girl rally together and help they sister keep go . carla come on ! on the misfit who call out to Mike and sulley . don ( call out ) uh guy , we be fall behind a little . fellas ? ( step on urchin ) aaah ! cheese and cracker ! ooh ! son of a mustache ! salisbury steak , that hurt ! squishy cover he ear . back on sulley and Mike who be busy try to outrun each other . 71 . mike ( run ) be that as fast as you can go ? sulley ( run ) just get start ! mike what the - urchin whiz past they fire by monster stand above they with slingshot . Mike and sulley try they best to avoid the fly urchin . sulley be hit by a urchin in the shoulder and instantly swell up . sulley ah ! he grab the urchin on he shoulder and he hand swell up . sulley ( cont 'd ) ahh ! Mike run ahead but turn back to laugh at sulley . mike ooh , that 's gotta hurt ! Mike be hit by a urchin and fall . he look at he foot and it swell up ! mike ( cont 'd ) ah ! the ror with they awesome skill and they teamwork , quickly leave they in the dust . sulley run whizzing past Mike . Mike 's determination be renew . he keep he swollen leg lift as he hop along in pain . mike ( cont 'd ) ( get up grunt ) ow , ow , ow , ow , ow , ooh ! on the misfit . terri and Terry duck to avoid a urchin . 72 . terri ( out of breath ) Terry ! terry ( out of breath ) do not worry , we will be fine -- ( hit in face by urchin ) aaaah ! Terry 's face swell up and he scream ! now not look where they be go , they step onto another urchin . terri / terry ahhhh ! they trip and fall as they leg swell up . squishy see they and scream . he run off in a panic and start get pummele with urchin . bam ! a urchin fly into he mouth . he swell into a giant pink ball . the monster that throw it fist bump another monster . on mike and sulley Mike and sulley follow the ror . still hopping on one leg , Mike smile as he see that sulley be behind he . turn back , he duck a urchin . this throw he off balance and he lose control , landing on a urchin with he good foot . mike ( landing on urchin ) yikes ! ( leg swell ) ow ! they have enter part of the course where urchin hang all around on string at different height . he maneuver to avoid they . mike ( cont 'd ) ( yell ; avoid urchin ) ow , ow , ow , ow ! 73 . on sulley . sulley put he head down and barrel through the urchin , get zap along the way . sulley continue to push through and catch up with Mike . they be neck and neck . the ror cross the finish line first . greek council vp oh ! roar omega roar win ! crowd ( cheer ) Mike and sulley race to the end . finally , Mike and sulley leap across the finish line at the exact same time . sulley ( heavy breathe ) take that , wazowski . mike be you delirious ? I beat you . sulley get you eye check -- the crowd see they and start laugh . chet oh way to blow it , oozmas ! mike hey , second place be not bad ! greek council vp second place , jaw theta chi ! sulley what ? johnny you whole team have to cross the finish line ! greek council vp third place eek ... fourth place pnk ... mike no ... 74 . greek council vp fifth place hss ... mike no...no ... no ! greek council vp and in last place , oozma kappa ! Mike turn around in time to see the batter and bruise oozma kappa cross the finish line . Don roll squishy out and then collapse . squishy I can not feel my anything . greek council president oh shocker , oozma kappa have be eliminate ! on the leader board , oozma kappa 's name be remove . mike no ... ( gasp ) Mike back up in a panic directly into Dean hardscrabble . hardscrabble do not look so surprised , Mr. wazowski . it would have take a miracle for you to s-- Mike turn to hardscrabble , it dawns on he , he 's do . on the vp . greek council vp attention everyone ! we have a announcement ! jaw theta chi have be disqualified . crowd ( shocked walla ) what ? Mike look up to the stage , '' what ? '' greek council vp the use of illegal protective gel be cause for elimination . 75 . crowd ( walla ) boo ! big red what ? a referee wipe goop off George sanderson 's leg and poke he with the urchin . Zap ! swell . GEORGE sanderson ow ! greek council vp which mean , oozma kappa be back in the game ! it 's a miracle ! hardscrabble can not believe it . she glare at Mike . hardscrabble you luck will run out eventually . Mike look worried . he glance at he team . the oozma kappa wave at he look friendly and pathetic . mike this be gonna be harder than I think . the oozma kappa name be put back on the scoreboard . ext . quad Mike have gather the team together on the quad . he pass before they like a drill sergeant as sulley lean against the tree behind he . mike okay , listen up oozmas ! now we be gonna have to start win this thing together , so that mean I be gonna need each of you guy to pull you own weight . squishy appear behind Mike . squishy mike. 76 . mike ah ! what be it ? squishy we have make a list of we strength and weakness . don in high school I be the master of the '' silent scare . '' why I could sneak up on a field mouse in a pillow factory . Don delicately creep along the ground on he hand and knee , but he tentacles stick to the sidewalk . he awkwardly pull they up each with a loud , grate , pop sound . don ( cont 'd ) ( struggle ) sorry , they get stickier when I be sweaty . ( keep walk ) oh my gosh , that 's terrible . wait , no , no ... Mike just stare at he .... Terry pull out play card and begin to do a card trick . terry we be expert in the ancient craft of close - up magic . terri ( mysterious ) it 's all about misdirection . card spill out of terri 's sleeve and Terry sigh , embarrassed . art I have a extra toe . ( laugh , sotto ) not with I of course . Mike call out to quiet the team . mike guy , one slipup in the next event and we be goner . so for this to work , I be gonna need you to take every instinct you have and bury it deep , deep down . Mike crumple up they list and throw it away . art done . mike from now on we be of one mind , my mind . sulley roll he eye . sulley oh please . mike I will tell you exactly what to do and how to do it . misfit ( unsure ) okay Mike . / that seem about right . / sure . mike alright , give I scary step ! fifty , up and down . right now , let 's go ! sulley walk over to Mike . sulley you be waste you time ... we need a new team . mike ( mock ) we can not just get a new team . I check this morning , it 's against the rule . sulley what if we disguise the new team to look like the old team ? mike oh , no , no , no , no . we be not cheating . sulley it 's not cheating , I be just , you know , leveling the play field .... Mike stare at he . 77 . 78 . sulley ( cont 'd ) okay , so it 's kind of cheating ! but what do you want I to do ? they be not exactly the scariest group in the world . sulley point to the misfit now distract from they training , crowded around squishy . squishy oh , a ladybug ! make a wish ! make a wish ! Art blow it off squishy 's arm . they all laugh , enjoy it fly away . hopelessness set in . sulley this be not gonna work . sulley leave . mike where be you go ? we be training ! sulley I be a Sullivan . mike that 's not enough . you be all over the place , you be charge ahead when you need to -- sulley eh , b-b-b-bep . you tell they what to do , but not I . so long , coach . sulley pass by a group of girl in the quad and shoot they finger pistol . girl ( giggle ) Mike watch concerned as sulley head off . mike okay oozmas - he turn and jump ! squishy be stand right behind he . 79 . mike ( cont 'd ) ah ! Boy , we need to get you a bell . Mike turn to the group and pull out the open envelope from the scare Games and read it . mike ( cont 'd ) listen up ! '' if a kid hear you come , they will call mom or dad . then you better run fast or thing will get bad . '' art huh ? mike in the next event , if even one of we get catch , we be all out . so remember , do exactly what I do . int . library on the oozmas , as they sneak through the library , terrify of make a noise . they copy Mike 's every move . on vp and president surround by a group of onlooker in a nearby balcony overlook the action . greek council president ( whisper to crowd ) we be at the halfway point of the second event , and thing be get interesting . the misfit walk in line with Mike , revealing a annoyed sulley . sulley look ahead to see the hss sister as they reach for they flag . hss sister get it ! they quickly get out of the library , have pass the test . the other two flag leave hang be green and purple for the two remain team . greek council president ( whisper ) only two team leave . ( more ) 80 . greek council president ( cont 'd ) who will make it out with they flag and who will be eliminate ? reveal the eek as they sneak along too . greek council vp ( whisper ) in a real scare you do not wanna get catch by a kid 's parent , and in this event you do not want to get catch by ... '' the librarian . '' on a old monster librarian as she press she tentacle finger to she lip and quiet the room . librarian shhh. quiet . she can hear a pin drop but she need strong glass to see anything . on the oozmas and the eek creep toward they flag . terri ( whisper ) phhft , what 's so scary about a little old librarian ? a student be study and get up from he chair and the floor make a small squeak . suddenly , the old librarian rise up , turn into a terrifying creature . she grab hold of the student and lift he up . librarian I say , quiet .... library student ahhhhh !!! she throw the student through the dome of the library . ext . library the student fly through the air , drop through a tree and into the river . library student ahhhhhhhhh !!! 81 . the crowd cheer . int . library on Mike and the misfit shocked as the librarian soar over they to the other end of the library . Mike breath deeply , turn around and start to put he foot down . the board underneath squeak so Mike quickly move it to another board . the misfit begin a slow , steady pace through the library , they literally walk exactly as Mike do . sulley can not handle they pace . sulley ( whisper ) faster ! Mike correct he - mike ( whisper ) slow and steady . art ( whisper ) slow and steady . don ( whisper ) slow and steady . terri / terry ( whisper ) slow and steady . squishy ( whisper ) slow and steady . the misfit relay the exact message down the line to sulley the exact way Mike do . they continue to move really slowly as sulley be increasingly frustrated . sulley can not take it . he bolt forward , leave he teammate behind . Mike 's eye go wide . 82. mike ( gasp , whisper ) Sullivan ! art ( repeat ) Sullivan ! don ( repeat ) Sullivan ! terri / terry ( repeat ) Sullivan ! squishy ( repeat ) Sullivan ! Mike shush the misfit . mike ( whisper ) shhh ! but they shush he back exactly as he do . art ( repeat ) shhh ! don ( repeat ) shhh ! terri / terry ( repeat ) shhh ! squishy ( repeat ) shhh ! mike ( sigh ) art ( repeat ) ( sigh ) don ( repeat ) ( sigh ) 83. terri / terry ( repeat ) ( sigh ) squishy ( repeat ) ( sigh ) sulley run to a book ladder and climb on . it make a loud creak ! everyone stop and look back at the librarian . the librarian turn around at sulley 's noise but luckily she can not see very well . librarian hmmmm ... she go about she business . Mike give a sigh of relief . but he gasp when he see sulley racing to the top of the ladder . sulley reach for the oozmas flag and almost get it - but the ladder start to come off the track under the strain . sulley fall to the ground with a thunderous slam . the librarian spin toward the sound , and quickly run toward sulley . librarian ( cont 'd ) grrrr ... mike no ... her tentacles poise to grab he - he cringe , wait to be yank - but just then ... pop ! pop ! pop ! pop ! pop ! pop ! pop ! pop ! the librarian whip around - who 's make that noise ? it 's don ! and he 's on he hand and knee crawl along the floor . his tentacles be make a loud , sticky , suction cup sound . librarian grrrr ... the librarian leave sulley behind and make a beeline for don , she tentacles shoot toward he . 84 . now it 's Don 's turn to cringe , brace for impact . just before the librarian reach Don ... terri and Terry start - up they crazy dance move . terri ( yell ) 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 ! da-da-da-da-da ...look over here ! terry over here ! ahhhh ! terri da-da-da-da ! over here now .... the librarian stop in she track and now she turn towards terri and Terry . now it 's terri and Terry 's turn to be scared . but just as the librarian 's tentacle reach for they -- Art be now stand on top of a table stomping he foot and laugh hysterically . on vp and member of the crowd . crowd member be that legal ? greek council vp you better believe it , mop top ! the only rule be do not get catch . as the librarian gun for Art , he somersault off the table and roll around in front of she , laugh like a mad man . Mike look on , horrify . the eek be use a human rope to get to they flag . Art continue roll right past sulley . terri and Terry shout at the librarian . terri / terry ( shouting ) over here ! as the librarian pursue terri and Terry , one of she tentacles knock the eek pyramid over . terri / terry ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) come and get I ! come get I ! 85 . mike guy , what be you do ? she charge after the whole group . the misfit run past Mike and pull he along . terry they say do not let she catch you ! terri .-- but they do not say how ! oozma kappa ( walla , see the librarian catch up to they ) ahh ! / move it , move it !/ come on ! the oozmas narrowly miss she outstretch tentacles and burst through the library front door to safety . oozma kappa ( cont ’d ) ( jump out ) ahhhhh !!!!! ext . library the oozmas land in a heap , excited they make it out . art woo ! we do it ! Mike spin around furious . mike no we do not , we forget the flag ! Mike be suddenly interrupt . squishy Mike ? mike ah ! squishy hold up the ok flag . misfit ( cheer walla ) Way to go , squishy ! mike how ...? 86 . terri lean into Mike . terri ( mysterious ) ..- misdirection . the eek sister come fly out of the roof of the library . greek council vp the eek have be eliminate and oozma kappa live to scare another day ! meanwhile , a displease hardscrabble stand nearby observe . Art , terri , Terry , squishy and Don celebrate . misfit ( laugh , chant ) we be ok ! we be ok ! we be ok ! we be ok ! we be ok ! Mike watch the misfit . he smile , appreciate what they have do . ext . oozma kappa fraternity house - late afternoon the oozmas walk home from the event , still on a high . squishy I have never feel so alive ! terri we be awesome ! sulley okay , look , that be not real scare . mike it be better then what you do . you should have stick to my strategy . sulley whatever , talk to I when we start the real scare -- Mike 's brow furrow . just as the misfit make it to they house , a car fill with member from the pnk sorority pull up . 87. carrie hey , you guy go to the party ? squishy oh , I think you have get the wrong guy , we do not get invite to -- mike ( try to stop squishy ) Z-z-zip ! Party ? carrie the mid-game mixer at the ror . britney it 's for the top scare team ... you be one of we now , right ? carrie see you there ! laugh , the girl drive off . the misfit look to each other , surprised . don do you hear that ? squishy I can not believe it . sulley uh-uh . bad idea . mike this be great . they be finally see we as real scarer . we be go ! ext . ror house - early evening the oozmas head up the stair to the ror house . sulley look uncomfortable as they approach the close door . hear the loud music , the misfit start to get cold foot . don ( nervous ) do young people still dance ? Cause my move be a little rusty . terry ah , we forget to bring a hostess gift ! the the int . the room be full of big party monster . see the misfit stand in the door way . terri we can not go in there without some scent candle . mike calm down . we earn this . squishy ( nervous ) what if there 's a lull in the conversation ? i- I never know what to ... you know ... mike -.- say ? squishy how be you so good at this ?! mike you just take on a angry 50 - foot librarian and you be afraid of a little party ? take a deep breath . misfit inhale and exhale . mike ( cont 'd ) and in ya go ! door open wide . ror house - early evening squishy look terrify , Mike nudge he . squishy hello . the crowd stare at they blankly . party monster # 1 it 's oozma kappa ! party monster # 2 this guy be crazy ! party monster # 4 what you do today be insane ! party monster that be awesome ! they all turn to the music stop . 88 . 89 . the music start up and the monster go back to party . misfit thank you !/ thanks so much ! party monster oozmas , yeah ! Mike look to sulley , who be also shocked . Mike turn to the misfit with a smile on he face . mike oozma kappa , tonight we party like scarer ! misfit yeah ! / woo ! CUT to the dance floor . each group be do they thing ! Art be busting some crazy move . Don show he stuff . terri and Terry be lovin’ the beat . squishy be dance with the pnk . squishy I have never stay up this late in my life . pnk sister ( laugh ) squishy be have a great time on the dance floor and spy sulley stand by himself . he decide to lasso he onto the dance floor . sulley be not amused . squishy be undeterred and begin '' reeling '' he in . sulley give into he enthusiasm and reluctantly hop he way onto the dance floor with the rest of the misfit . squishy woo ! party monster woo-woo ! woo-woo ! Mike wander to a hallway at the side of the party where portrait of the great scare game winner be locate . he see the scare Games trophy , set on a pedestal at the end of the room . as he approach , Mike see he reflection in it . distorted by its shape , he look big and impressive . Mike raise he claw and make a small growl face . on johnny as he address the party crowd . 90 . johnny ( whistle ) hey , quiet ! quiet ! quiet down you can wrangler ! alright , on behalf of the ror .... chet yeah ! johnny we would like to congratulate all the team that have make it this far ! everyone cheer . johnny point to each of the team . johnny ( cont 'd ) alright , let 's hear it for the pnk ! pnk sister ( hiss ) johnny Love that trick , never get old ! hiss ! hss sister ( hiss ) johnny very creepy ! and finally the surprise team of the scare game , oozma kappa ! come on over , guy . the crowd part , spotlight oozma kappa . johnny ( cont 'd ) now I gotta admit fella , I think you be a bunch of nobody , but boy be I wrong . l let 's hear it for oozma kappa ! crowd oozma kappa ! suddenly without warning , the oozmas be splatter with paint . mike wha --? johnny the most adorable monster on campus . 91 . a bug monster then press a button and a machine shoot glitter confetti at the oozmas , stick right to they . another ror brother toss a bucket of flower at they . they have become a laugh stock . johnny ( cont 'd ) release the stuff animal ! Randy pull on a rope , connect to a net full of stuff animal . they drop and Chet quickly snap a picture . chet ( laugh ) face ! the screen go white . ext . campus , next day pull back from one of the photo of the team cover in glitter and paint to reveal it 's print on the cover of the school 's newspaper : the campus roar . Mike put the papers in the trash . on the misfit walk to class . Mike be furious but do he best to boost the team 's morale . mike do not worry . nobody read the school paper . art yeah , but I be pretty sure they read the quad . Mike look over , stunne . tree , light post , poster kiosk all cover with the photo in every shape and size . the entire quad be blankete with the embarrassing image as student look on and laugh . a giant banner be unfurl on the clock tower . Mike 's shock be break by a offscreen voice . chet thank you very much , okay would you like that with two sleeve or four ? he turn to see johnny and the ror sell shirt and other merchandise feature the photo . 92 . johnny thanks ! tell you friend ! furious , Mike march over follow by the team . mike hey , what do you think you be do ? johnny raising a little money for charity . mike yeah , well stop it ! johnny you want we to stop raise money for charity ? that 's not cool . chet ( call out ) this guy hate charity ! mike I want you to stop make we look like fool . johnny hey , you be make yourselves look like fool . johnny pull out the paper . johnny ( cont 'd ) let 's be honest boy , you be never gonna be real scarer , because real scarer look like we . he gesture to himself and he team . johnny ( cont 'd ) but hey , if you really want to work for a scare company , they be always hire in the mail room . johnny turn around the paper to reveal a help - want ad for the monster , Inc. mail room . the misfit take this in as everyone laugh at they . with that sulley fume and head off . the misfit follow , deject . Mike run after they . 93 . mike guy , hold on ! hey , hey , hey , wait a second ! do not listen to he . we just need to keep try - sulley no , you need to stop try ! you can train monster like this all you want , but you can not change who they be . sulley walk off . don Mike , we appreciate everything you have do ... but he 's right . no matter how much we train , we 'il never look like they . we be build for other thing . Don look at he card . the misfit follow after sulley . Mike watch they go , helpless . Chet approach hold a mug with the photo on it . chet ( slurp ) sorry squirt , some monster just be not cut out for the big league . ( laugh ) Mike stare out and suddenly something dawns on he . he take off -- mike ( sotto ) the big league . int . oozma kappa fraternity house - evening Mike burst through the door and catch up with the misfit and sulley . mike guy ! we be go on a little field trip . 94 . ext . road - night Ms. squibble drive a car fill with the oozma kappas . she pull over and stop , and the oozma kappas stretch as they climb out of the car . don okay , I need to get out .... art Excuse I , my leg 's catch . there we go , I get it . terri ah ...my tentacle fall asleep . squishy thanks , mom ! ms . squibble have fun , kid ! I x11 just be here , listen to my tune . Ms. squibble roll up the window , and we hear mute heavy metal thrasher music pound from inside the car . art hey , uh , where be we ? Mike walk up to a gate with the guy behind he . Mike look over the gate in awe , as we reveal ... monster , Incorporated . mike the big league . sulley be stunne . don Holy , rolly polly ... squishy wow ! art Nice fence . squishy this be amazing , Mike ! mike we be not stop here . 95 . Mike hold up a pair of wire cutter and do a chop-chop action . ext . monster , inc . we see a fence cut out and a '' no trespass '' sign on the ground . squishy ( nervous voc ) we pan up and see the guy climb a ladder that get they onto the roof of monster , Inc . squishy ( cont 'd ) this be crazy , we be gonna get arrest ! mike shh ! CUT to : int . monster , inc . they all look down through a window and all they eye go wide . misfit oh , whoa ! wow. ( excited laugh ) there Pov we look down on a work scare floor . the floor be full of scarer move in and out of they active door . we see several monster go through they entire routine . squishy look at they , they be go into the human world and they do not even look scared ! Mike and sulley take it all in . they be awestruck . the fraternity brother look down in amazement . mike ( to the group ) take a good look , fella . see what they all have in common ? squishy strain , but then turn to Mike confuse . 96 . squishy ehhh ...no , not really . mike exactly . a sea of monster of all shape , size , age , gender , fill the floor , all scare in they own way . mike ( cont 'd ) there 's no one type of scarer . the best scarer use they difference to they advantage . the team smile watch all the various type of monster use they varied appearance , size and shape in unique , skillful way . a tall skinny guy with long skinny arm flail they around like wild hose . squishy watch a puff ball turn into a spider . squishy wow . terry terri , look ! on a three - head monster as it come out of a room . sulley be start to see Mike in a new light . huh . Mike might actually be right about this . the misfit be certainly inspire .... don hey , look at that old fella rackin’ up the big number ! mike ( amaze ) Don , that '' old fella '' be Earl '' the terror '' Thompson ! sulley what ! where ?! that 's really he ? mike he hold the scare record for three year ! sulley oh , third door from the end . on a female scarer . 97 . mike carla '' killer claw '' benitez . sulley can not believe what he 's see . sulley look , it 's scream Bob gunderson ! sulley ( cont 'd ) I still have he rookie card . mike I too ! sulley do not have the speed any more but he -- mike sulley -- technique be flawless . -- technique be flawless . the guy have never have this kind of interaction before . they be not instant friend - it 's just a moment . mike you collect scare card , huh ? sulley yep . four hundred and fifty of ‘em . mike impressive . I have 6,000 , still in mint condition . but you know , four fifty 's pretty good too . on the misfit , inspire by what they be see on the floor . squishy hey , look at I , I be Earl the terror Thompson ! roar ! squishy make a scary face . misfit hey , that 's a pretty good one , squish ! / alright , squishy ! / not bad ... you feel it . ( laughter ) on sulley and mike watch the guy , then sulley look at the floor . sulley I have be a real jerk .... 98 . mike so have i. ( beat ) but it 's not too late . we could be a great team , we just need to start work together . security guard hey ! mike ( gasp ) security guard what be you do up there ?! everyone freeze . art I can not go back to jail ! Art start run , the other quickly follow . don hey ... ext . rooftop Mike , sulley , and the misfit take off ! mike come on ! the gang hustle , pursue by guard . they climb a ladder . sulley look back . sulley ( gasp ) on the guard as they see they climb . back on the guy as they try to go down a ladder . mike ( gasp ) security guard up there ! get ‘em ! but the guard be at the bottom so they change direction . they start hopping over the rooftop . 99 . squishy be one of the last one to jump and nearly fall but sulley catch he . squishy ( panic breath ) thanks brother . sulley put squishy on he shoulder . sulley do not mention it ! ( run effort ) they catch up with the rest of the team . a beat later , Don be wind - he can not keep up . don ( heavy breathe ) I be fine , really , it 's just a little heart attack . sulley pick he up as well . Art catch up to sulley - art oh , I want a piece of that action ! they all jump onto sulley 's back . sulley round the corner , now carry all the misfit . ext . monster , inc . gate they round the bend and sprint to the car just ahead of the guard . squishy Mom , start the car ! they duck through the hole in the fence . Ms. squibble lower she window . ms . squibble what ? squishy start the car ! 100 . ms . squibble ( confuse ) stop the bar ? squishy the car ! start the car ! ms . squibble oh okay ! she start the car as they pile in . mike come on , come on , come on , come on ... art in , in ! squishy Mom , go ! ms . squibble seat belt . the group quickly buckle as the guard move closer . squishy okay , go ! Mom reach under the visor . ms . squibble do anyone want gum ? squishy just drive !! ms . squibble okay , here we go . woo ! Mike reach forward and slam on the gas . the car peel away just as the guard catch up .... oozma kappa aaaahhhh ! ( laugh ) art let 's break in somewhere else ! 101 . int . oozma kappa fraternity house close up on a sewing machine . scissor cut green fabric . letter be be sewn onto the fabric . as it turn we reveal '' ok '' be the logo . CUT to each of the oozma member put on a team shirt or sweater , then Mike put on a oozma hat . sulley step into the room , put on he shirt . Mike and sulley smile at each other . int . mike and sulley 's bedroom the alarm clock turn to 6:00 a.m . Mike jump out of bed . mike ( to sulley ) rise and shine ! sulley shoot straight up out of bed and hit he head . ext . quad Mike drill the team . mike scary foot ! scary foot ! scary foot ! the kid 's in the bathroom ! the guy immediately get down low on the ground . mike ( cont 'd ) scary foot ! scary foot ! scary foot ! ooh , he 's back ! sulley , misfit roar ! CUT to : int . mike and sulley 's bedroom the alarm clock turn to 6:00 a.m. mike wake up ! sulley ( startle awake ) ah! ext . quad in the rain , sulley be do push -up with all the misfit on he back . sulley ( push - up effort ) roar ! mike thirty -seven . sulley ( push - up effort ) roar ! mike thirty -eight . sulley ( push - up effort ) roar ! mike do I hear 39 ? sulley ( push - up effort ) roar ! mike come on ! CUT to : on johnny and chet watch . johnny shake he head . CUT to : ext . oozma kappa fraternity house on envelope Mike read the next event of the scare Games . 102 . 103. mike '' to frighten a child be the point of a scare . if you frighten a teen then scarer beware ! '' Mike reach down and grab a stick that represent a human kid . mike ( cont 'd ) okay , scare the little kid .... Mike throw in a stick that represent a human kid . sulley roar ! mike avoid the teenager ! sulley duck . CUT to : ext . quad - a maze event # 3 . '' do not scare the Teen . '' pull back on this large - scale maze . a pnk sister come around a corner . teenager # 1 I be on the phone ! taylor roar ! the red light buzze , fail . another pnk sister come to another standee . teenager # 2 no one understand I ! britney roar ! buzz , fail ! teenager # 3 whatever ! carrie roar ! 104 . buzz , fail ! eventually the whole team be trap in the middle of the maze with nowhere to go . Art come dash around a corner . a teenager on a standee pop up . teenager # 4 but daddy I love he ! Art hide around the corner and the light on the standee turn green . the standee move out of he way and Art be able to continue down that path . Art take off through the maze . on squishy . a young child standee pop up and squishy immediately scare the standee . squishy roar ! simulator scream , green light ! score ! the ror come out victorious . greek council vp first place , roar omega roar ! second place , oozma kappa ! but the crowd erupt when they see the oozmas make it out before the pnk . oozma kappa yeah ! / whoo -hoo ! greek council vp third place , hss ! on the scoreboard . the pnk be eliminate and the oozma kappas move up another notch . fan cheer they on ! back in the maze the pnk be still stick . another teenager standee pop up behind carrie . teenager # 5 you be lame . 105 . carrie turn to the teenager and blow fire , charr the standee . CUT to : ext . quad oozma kappa be gather in the quad . Mike pull out another black envelope and read the message . mike '' someone be come , this could ruin you night ! stay hide , take cover , and stay out of sight . you have get ten second , go ! '' ten second go by and ... Mike immediately point out where everyone be hide . mike ( cont 'd ) kiosk ! pile of leave ! stand out in the open ! Art be stand , stare at a butterfly . mike ( cont 'd ) and there should be one more .... he hear a whistle from up above . don ( whistle ) how would I do ? mike oh , not too shabby , Don ! don thanks ! I can not get down . CUT to : int . mike and sulley 's bedroom Mike quizze sulley on the different scare face . mike Zombie snarl . sulley jet out he lower jaw like a piranha . 106 . mike ( cont 'd ) angry poodle . sulley snarl he tooth like a little dog . mike ( cont 'd ) Jazz clown . sulley make a clown face . mike ( cont 'd ) my aunt Phyllis . sulley imitate he aunt . mike ( cont 'd ) in the morning ! sulley make a more sullen face . mike ( cont 'd ) that 's what I be talk about ! CUT to : int . library Mike teach Don about he tentacles . CUT to : ext . quad Don have a helmet on and be terrify . sulley hold Don on he foot and launch he into the air at a wall . don aaaaaah ! ( impact voc ) ha ha ! he stick ! he proceed to climb up the wall use he suction cup arm . CUT to : int . mike and sulley 's bedroom sulley jump down out of bed first this time . 107 . sulley time to go to work ! Mike and sulley both get out of bed at the same time , maneuver around they small room without get in each other 's way . it 's fluid as they work as a team . they both head off to class . CUT to : ext . ror house event # 4 , '' hide and sneak . '' a crowd gather as light flash out of the window of the fraternity house . CUT to : int . ror house one of the ror hide in a plant while Randy slink up a lamp shade , disappear completely . a referee with several eye sneak around with a flashlight try to find competitor . the flashlight land on a curtain . it 's pull back to reveal a hss sorority sister . the referee blow the whistle . referee you be out ! the referee hear a rattle and catch a one - eye monster hold up a end table . referee ( cont 'd ) you be out ! the light find the fireplace where debris fall down the chute . another hss sister fall and land in the soot . referee ( cont 'd ) yeah , yeah , tough luck , kris kringle . she walk off frustrated . the referee follow and completely miss sulley who disguise himself as a bear rug . 108 . sulley stand up and run off . Mike turn around from inside a globe holder and we pan up and see Don attach to the ceiling with he suction cup . CUT to : the front door of the ror house . roar omega roar emerge victorious , closely follow by oozma kappa . crowd ( cheer ) chet thank you ! the oozma fan go nut ! crowd ( Big cheer ! ) squishy ( thrilled ) yeah ! ms. squibble woo ! yeah ! they move ahead in the game . the three remain team have just finish the latest competition . greek council president we be down to two remain team ! roar omega roar and oozma kappa ! the Greek vp open a black envelope and announce ... greek council vp which lead we to the final event . '' every one of you skill will be put to the test . the scare simulator will prove who 's the best . '' tomorrow night you finally get to scare in front of the whole school ! Mike smile , thrilled . the crowd begin to break up . johnny and the ror pass . 109 . johnny enjoy the attention while it last , boy . after you lose , no one will remember you . mike maybe , but when you lose no one will let you forget it . chet ( sotto ) oh boy , that be a good point . johnny slap Chet and they all walk off . Mike and the oozmas smile and watch they leave . a group of fan approach . oozma fan # 1 hey oozmas , you guy be awesome ! oozma fan # 2 you have gotta teach we you move . Don point to Mike . don well then , you be gonna wanna talk to this guy . on Mike pleasantly surprised by the attention . mike ( laugh ) oh , sure I can teach you . sulley smile as he watch Mike enjoy he much - earn attention . mike ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ..- alright , you wanna hide behind the chair , you have to become the chair ... see , the trick to hide be understanding you surroundings . sulley spot Dean hardscrabble as she walk by the vp . greek council vp thanks for come , Dean . sulley follow the dean and then humbly address she . 110 . sulley Dean hardscrabble ? if we get back into the scare program , I hope there 's no hard feeling ? she stop and turn to sulley . hardscrabble tomorrow each of you must prove that you be undeniably scary . and I know for a fact , that one of you be not . hardscrabble look over at the team , she land on Mike . sulley 's eye follow . mike ( effort sound ) it 's as simple as that . sulley no , he work harder than anyone . hardscrabble do you think he 's scary ? sulley he 's the heart and soul of the team . hardscrabble do you think he 's scary ? no response . hardscrabble turn and walk away . sulley stare after hardscrabble as she walk off - she can not be right , can she ? int . mike and sulley 's room , night on Mike scare . sulley lie on he top bunk , stare at nothing . mike ( roar ) we be gonna win this thing tomorrow , sull , I can feel it ! Mike sit on the edge of he bed , grab he hat . mike ( cont 'd ) we will finally have we life back on track . sulley hey , Mike ? sulley lean over the bed to face Mike . sulley ( cont 'd ) you know , you have give I a lot of really great tip . I have love to return the favor sometime . mike oh yeah , sure . anytime . on sulley clear furniture to make room . Mike stand in the middle of the room , watch sulley . mike ( cont 'd ) we be do this now ? sulley grab Mike 's textbook . sulley okay , you have memorize every textbook , every scare theory and that be great . he toss the book out the window . mike hey ! we hear a cat squeal outside . sulley but now , it 's time to forget all that . just reach deep down and '' let the scary out . " mike huh , just feel it . sulley exactly . go wild . mike ( hesitant ) I do not know ... I have kind of get my own technique . 111 . sulley give it a try . Mike look at sulley .... quick cut of mike practicing with sulley . mike ( roar ! ) sulley good , but bigger ! mike ( roar ! ) sulley oh , you be think again ! from the gut ! mike ( roar ! ) sulley let the animal out ! mike ( roar ! ) sulley come on ! dig deep ! Mike roar at sulley . mike ( roar ! ) ms . squibble ( 0.s. ) boy ! it 's a school night ! Mike and sulley stop and look toward the disembody voice of Ms. squibble . mike ( out of breath ) so , how be that ? sulley smile and put up he hand for a high five . sulley up top . Mike high - fives he . both guy make they way back to bed . 112 . 113. mike ha ha ! you know , it do feel different . sulley jump up into he bunk . sulley ( laugh ) mike I feel like it 's all come together . Mike hop into bed . he move he hat over and turn off the light . mike ( cont 'd ) yep , this time tomorrow , the whole school be finally gonna see what Mike wazowski can do . sulley you be darn right . Mike turn over and fall asleep . sulley 's smile fade to a look of concern . ext . mu Shots of the student head to the final event of the scare Games as the alma mater play . we follow some fly monster as they descend into the arena . ext . mu field the alma mater end . on the greek council president and vp greek council president welcome to the final competition of the scare Games ! the crowd cheer the two remain team . on ms . squibble and oozma fan 114 . ms . squibble woo , yeah ! hooray !! hardscrabble appear farther away in the stadium and glance toward oozma kappa . her eye narrow . greek council vp it 's time to see how terrifying you really be in the scare simulator ! on the simulators we see a simulator for each team . on Mike , daunt but ready for the challenge . on the Greek Council president . greek council president ( ominously ) but be warn , each simulate scare have be set to the high difficulty level ! on the misfit . squishy ( nervous ) the highest level ?! greek council president first scarer to the start line ! a little more nervous now , Mike take a breath and turn to he team . mike okay , just like we plan ... i’1l go first , then Don --- sulley hold on . ( to the oozmas ) Mike 's the one who start all of this . and I think it 's only right if he 's the one who finish it . I think you should go last . art yes , yes , right on ! don alright ! 115 . squishy yeah Mike , finish strong ! mike all right ... Don , you okay go first ? don ( nervous ) I guess I be as ready as I will ever be . all hand in the circle - oozma kappa oooooccozma kappa ! moment later the game begin with Don go up against Reggie . Don look at he competitor . reggie ( pump himself up ) I be gonna do it , gonna take he down .... johnny yell from off to the side . johnny hey bruiser , you take it easy on grandpa ! Art call from the other side . art unleash the beast , Don ! Don look nervous , but do he best to cover . don okay , then . a light flash red , yellow , green . go ! they be off ! Don get to he door , pull out a dossier and read the info on he child . a jumbotron show Don enter the room , carefully . the crowd wait with anticipation . CUT to : 116. int . oozma kappa simulator Don find the room fill with toxic toy , he scratch he chin unsure how to proceed then look at he tentacles and get a idea . CUT to : int . ror simulator meanwhile , Reggie creep into he room and step on a squeaky rubber duck , accidentally . but he recover . as the sim kid sit up , Reggie turn and scare he immediately . reggie roar ! SIM kid ahhhhhh ! the scoreboard show Reggie 's score . johnny be not happy . CUT to : ext . ror simulator he come out cheer , as if he do well . reggie ( cheer ) yeah ! int . oozma kappa simulator the sim kid sit up and we see Don on the ceiling . he swoops down toward the bed , hang by a arm . don roar ! SIM kid aahhhhhh ! ext . simulators Reggie see Don 's scare register on the board , and eclipse he by a small percent . the oozmas be thrilled ! 117 . reggie huh ? on Don step out of the simulator with new find confidence . he look to Reggie and the ror . don ( confident ) thanks for take it easy on grampa . Reggie and the ror be a little shocked . on simulator as two referees finish rearranging the toy in the room , they give the thumb up when it 's ready . greek council president next group to the start line ! on terri and terry terri / terry let 's do this ! Green light turn on , go ! terri and Terry take off against Chet from the ror . CUT to : int . ror simulator Chet dance he claw around the toy to the bed and let out a fearsome roar . chet ( roar ) CUT to : ext . field the score board show Chet take the lead over the oks . the ror cheer at Chet 's score . ror brother ( cheer ) yeah ! CUT to : 118. int . oozma kappa simulator a door open and in walk the silhouette of a human . but then the human split apart into a four-arm , two -headed creature and lunge into the foreground revealing terri and Terry , roaring . the kid scream . terri / terry ( roar ) on score board show this scare take the oks just below the ror 's lead . oozma kappa ( cheer ) yeah ! CUT to : int . oozma kappa simulator a sim kid lie quietly in bed when the closet door open . be that squishy in front of the door ? the kid 's eye scan the room and go back to the door , squishy 's go . a second later , the kid turn and squishy be suddenly right beside he . the sim kid scream and squishy 's scream can fill up just over half way . score board show oozmas have take a small lead ! squishy 's mom cheer wildly . ms. squibble ( cheer ! ) yeaaahhh ! ye-ye-ye-yeah ! on ror sim kid as chip do a terrifying scare . chip roar ! on scoreboard as the ror reach past the oozmas . on Mike and the team watch deject . but they rally . 119 . oozma kappa ( pump he up ) come on Art , you can do it !/ come on buddy ! CUT to : int . oozma kappa simulator Art come in , take large step across the room then balance on he hand . it 's a mixture of break -dance and yoga . he flatten and roll under the bed . a four-arm bug monster from the ror team let 's loose he scare . on scoreboard as the bug guy create a even bigger lead . johnny and ror brother ( cheer ) yes ! on sim kid . Art appear at the kid 's side and strike a strange yoga pose . art ( warble ) roar ! Art 's scream can only fill up halfway . not enough point to pull up to the ror . on mike , disappointed . it 's not look good for the oozmas , the ror have too big a lead . but they rally anyway . greek council vp next up , Sullivan and bogg ! Randy and sulley take they place at the start line . the light turn and they be off ! sulley stop at the door , open he dossier . on the dossier . '' 7 - year-old , life on kauai and be afraid of thunder and lion . '' Mike watch as sulley study the information . 120 . mike ( sotto ) you get this , sull . CUT to : int . oozma kappa simulator sulley head inside . he carefully dodge every obstacle and position himself at the end of the bed . CUT to : ext . stadium Mike and the misfit watch sulley on the jumbotron . CUT to : int . ror simulator Randy disappear into he room , climb the wall . CUT to : int . oozma kappa simulator sulley slowly lurch up over the kid and do a big roar . sulley roar ! the room shake and the sim kid scream . on randy , as he simulator shake from sulley 's roar . Randy drop to the ground and be throw off he game . he blend into a heart rug this time and let out a meager roar . randy ( lame ) roar ! on scoreboard show the score be now tie ! CUT to : 121. ext . field greek council vp and it 's all tie up ! sulley join he team as they celebrate . they be almost there . greek council president oh , tough break for the ror ! Randy see they celebrate as he back up and run right into johnny . randy huh ? johnny be fume . johnny heart ?!! johnny stare dagger at Randy . chet Way to go , bogg ! Randy look back at oozma kappa celebrate . randy ( to himself ) that 's the last time I lose to you , Sullivan . greek council vp worthington and wazowski to the start line ! all eye on Mike . Mike pause , a bit of doubt set in . he look over and see hardscrabble look in he direction . sulley approach Mike . sulley hey . do not worry about hardscrabble , do not worry about anyone else . just go out there and show ‘em what Mike wazowski can do . Mike 's nervousness fade when he hear this . 122 . mike thanks . Mike head to the start line . he 's right next to johnny . johnny do not take the loss too hard . you never belong here anyway . Mike 's eye narrow . for the first time he look determine . the light turn and they be off ! Mike and johnny be neck and neck . they enter they simulator . intercut as they both approach the sim kid . johnny creep toward the bed . Mike take he time , dodging toy and distracting the kid with a scratch to the bed . johnny go in for the kill . johnny ( cont 'd ) roar ! on scoreboard johnny almost fill he can , take the team 's lead close to the top . greek council vp amazing performance by worthington ! we see johnny walk out like a champion . ror brother ( chant ) ror ! ror ! ror ! ror ! ror ! chet johnny , you be my hero ! greek council president the oozmas will need a record break scare to win this ! on sulley , anxiously wait on Mike 's scare . Mike crouch by the bed , contemplate he next move . every discouraging statement float through he mind .... mean kid o.s. you do not belong on a scare floor . 123 . johnny o.s. no one will remember you . hardscrabble o.s. you be not scary . and then sulley ... sulley ( 0.s. ) come on , dig deep ! Mike 's eye open and he leap up over the bed and roar ! mike roar ! the can fill to the top ! oozma kappa 's point tally beat the ror house ! everyone go wild . sulley yeah ! I !!! crowd ( huge cheer ! ) on hardscrabble in the audience , stunne . greek council president they do it ! yeahhhhhhh !! she grab the vp and push he over as she cheer wildly . the crowd rush the stadium , fly by the stunne ror brother . Mike step from the simulator , stunne as he realize what have happen . the oozma kappas run to Mike , hoist he on to they shoulder . sulley yeah !! we be in the scare program ! the oozma kappas be celebrate , hugging each other . Don cheer on squishy . don you son of gun ! Way to go ! 124 . Ms. squibble be cheer too . Don turn and unknowingly hug she . ms . squibble oh yeah !! surprise , they pull back but he tentacles get stick .... don ( stick effort ) oh , little stick ... ms. squibble ( embarrassed voc ) oh ... don pardon I , there , Ms. squibble . they both feel something , and they study each other intensely , as if for the first time .... ms . squibble it 's sheri ... awkward but sweet moment . on the oozm as as we pull out .... mike we did it ! ext . field on oozma kappa the brother of oozma kappa shake hand with fan and finish soaking up the moment . nerdy fan Way to go , oozma kappa ! terri , terry thank you / thanks a lot . oozma fan # 2 you rule ! don I have never rule before . 125 . squishy hold the trophy , admire it . sulley ( laugh ) you guy kill it out there .... art ( laugh ) awesome . sulley laugh as he look for Mike . sulley ( call out ) hey wazowski ! come on , let 's go , you maniac ! we be celebrate ! sulley find Mike stand alone in the oozma 's simulator . sulley ( cont 'd ) Mike ? Mike be beam , lose in he own little world . mike I do it . I can not believe it . sulley smile .... Mike turn around . mike ( cont 'd ) I be gonna be a scarer ! sulley ( laugh ) yeah , yes , you be ! Mike turn to the sim kid one more time . mike hey , you hear that ? get plenty of rest kidd - o.... you have not see the last of Mike wazowski . boo ! Mike playfully throw he hand in the air toward the sim kid -- to he shock the sim kid shoot out of bed and let out a terrifying scream , reacting just as wildly as it do in the competition . Mike leap back in shock . Mike turn to see the can fill all the way to the top . 126 . sulley say nothing , he look confuse , slightly worried . mike ( cont 'd ) I know I be scary , I do not know I be that scary .... Mike chuckle awkwardly , clearly confuse . sulley ( cover ) yeah , we be so scary , I guess we break it . c’mon . but Mike approach the bed slowly , he smile fade . Mike lean in and snap he finger right by the sim kid 's head . the dummy shoot back into the air and scream . confused , Mike lift the bed skirt to reveal a control panel . we see a row of six gauge with a row down label '' easy , '' '' medium , '' and '' hard . '' mike it 's be tampere with . sulley uh , I do not think you should be mess with that . mike why be my setting ... different ? suddenly it dawns on Mike . sulley Mike , we should leave . Mike look at sulley . sulley look cornere . suddenly it dawns on Mike . mike do you do this ? sulley Mike . mike did you do this ? sulley struggle then ... sulley ( ashamed ) I ...yes , I do , but you do not understand -- mike why ?! why do you do this ? Mike 's face drop , he heart break . sulley ( sigh ) you know , just in case ... mike in case of what ? sulley lift he head and look at Mike . suddenly dawns on Mike . mike ( cont 'd ) you do not think I be scary . sulley Mike ... mike ( hurt ) you say you believe in I .... ( then , angry ) but you be just like hardscrabble . you be just like everyone else . sulley look , you will get better and better - mike I be as scary as you ! I be as scary as anyone ! sulley I just want to help . mike no , you just want to help yourself ! sulley well , what be I suppose to do ? let the whole team fail because you do not have it ?! 127 . it all and just like that , sulley 's say it . and Mike be throw for a second . then he eye narrow , and he storm off . as he do , reveal the misfit , who be stand just off the stage . they see the whole thing , and they look hurt / confuse /disappointed/angry . 128. while the other walk away , squishy set down the trophy and shuffles off with they .... on sulley as he try to process how totally wrong everything 's go . in what be suppose to be a triumphant moment , he 's alone - confuse , angry , frustrated .... int . mu door tech lab two door lab student walk by and reveal Mike lean up against a wall across from the door tech lab . door lab student # 1 so you calculation be a little off . door lab student # 2 that door take I all semester . door lab student # 3 it 's too dangerous , the professor 's just gonna shred it . ext . mu campus - moment later sulley walk across campus , still confuse , upset . holding the trophy limply . as he pass student ... student there he be ! the big guy !/ the first of many trophy .... if this be everything sulley want ... he 's too out of it to notice . he just move past the student , numb , and glance at he sad reflection in the trophy . professor knight Sullivan ! sulley look up from the trophy to see Professor knight . professor knight ( cont ’d ) Nice work out there . I look forward to have you back in class . sulley look conflict as knight head to the School of scare . 129 . chet hey , there he be ! reveal johnny and the ror , who walk up . johnny look like I be wrong about you . you be one of we after all .... he hold out a ror jacket for sulley . chet Way to go , sulley . welcome back broham ! you be one of we now , okay ? so anytime you wanna come hang out and do whatever , you get a Crew .... ror brother ( walla ) yeah !/ you be a ror / Sullivan ! chet you be a ror , buddy ! sulley look at johnny , then past he ... he see knight talk to Dean hardscrabble , at the entrance to the School of scare . a look of resolve come over sulley 's face - he know what he have to do . he hand the jacket and the trophy to johnny and run off .... johnny ( flustered ) hey ! where be you go -? int . mu door tech lab Mike stare at the door lab . several student shut off the light and come out of the lab . Mike casually walk by they , grab one of they card key . glancing around , he swipe the card . he wait for the green light and open the door , head in . ext . school of scaring / quad sulley be in mid-confession to hardscrabble and knight . 130 . hardscrabble you do what ? sulley my team have nothing to do with it , it be all I ... I cheat . hardscrabble and knight be stunne . hardscrabble I expect you off campus by tomorrow . sulley hang he head accept he fate . sulley ( sotto ) yes mar ‘am . hardscrabble you be a disgrace to this University ... and you family name . sulley be crush . suddenly , a alarm sound on campus . a security guard be run by .... hardscrabble ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? security guard someone break into the door lab ! hardscrabble ( sotto ) what ?! hardscrabble fly off immediately .... sulley watch she fly towards the door tech building . it dawns on sulley ... Mike . sulley oh no ... int . mu door tech lab Mike place a scream can in its station . he take off he hat and place it on a scream can as he face off with the door . 131 . he power up the door . in the background , we hear security guard try to get in . Mike have block the door with a cart full of scream can . security guard ( walla ) open the door !/ do not go in there !/ it 's very dangerous ! he stand there , unflinch in front of the door . the light turn on above the door and Mike turn the knob . int . bedroom —- night in the human world , a closet door open . Mike step through it and quietly shut the door . he 's in the human world ! mike ( big exhale ) he make he silent , stealthy approach towards the bed , building a scary mood . the kid slowly sit up , sense something .... suddenly Mike leap up and roar . mike ( cont 'd ) roar ! ! kid # 1 ( gasp ) the kid stare at Mike . Mike roar again . mike roar ! then the kid smile . kid # 1 you look funny . on mike , as he react , confuse / disappointed / upset. mike ( confuse ) what ? Mike hear a cough offscreen . 132. the camera pull out to reveal he 's in a cabin full of bed , a kid bunk down in each one . a banner hang on the wall , read , '' Camp teamwork . '' the other kid start to wake up . groggily , they stare at Mike . kide ( waking up walla ) what 's go on ?/ it 's the middle of the night . / he 's a little funny green guy .... Mike be throw - what should he do ? he take a step back toward the closet door when he turn and next to the closet be another kid . he freeze . a beat . mike roar ! kid # 2 ( playful , back at Mike ) roar ! Mike gasp in disbelief . the other kid in the cabin start to get closer . he 's trap ! camp kide ( walla ) what be that ?/ hey , I be sleep . / I wanna touch it ./ he 's so cute ! int . mu door tech lab sulley run through the hall and up to the door lab , where a crowd of student be be hold back by campus security . don James ! hardscrabble no one go near that door until the authority arrive . 133. sulley move to the front of the crowd near the misfit . Inside the lab , hardscrabble oversee additional security personnel who be secure the door and investigate the scene . don you do not think that could be - sulley it 's Mike . squishy but he could die out there ! sulley tear down the '' caution do not Cross '' tape . squishy ( cont 'd ) James , wait ! we can help . Don step forward . don leave it to the old , '' master of sale . '' on hardscrabble and the guard . they be talk in the door tech lab when Don confidently stroll up to they . security guard we have get a call in , but that 's the best we can do --- Don tap one of they on the shoulder and they turn around bewilder to see someone have cross into the lab . don ahem. ( turn on the charm ) Don carton , sale . folk , today be you lucky day , how many time have you ask yourself the follow question -- hardscrabble stare at Don , not buy it . hardscrabble ( dismissive ) arrest he . suddenly , two guard throttle Don against the wall . 134 . don pardon ? ( impact ) ahhh ! security guard spread ‘em , pop ! don do you mind ?! security guard do not move ! sulley run for the door . when sulley 's almost to the door , hardscrabble spot he out of the corner of she eye . hardscrabble what ? Sullivan ! do not you dare ! he grab the door handle .... hardscrabble ( cont 'd ) Sullivan , do not go in there ! sulley quickly look back toward hardscrabble , ignore she and slip through the door . int . camp teamwork - night sulley creep through the cabin , which be empty . where be Mike ? sulley ( whisper ) Mike ? Mike ? sulley hear voice outside and cross to a window . some camp counselor be gather in front of one of the kid 's cabin , relate the event of the night to some park ranger . the flash light of the ranger 's cruiser strobe through the cabin . counselor the kid be say they see something in the cabin . counselor # 2 they be call it a alien . 135 . kid # 1 it be ! kid # 2 I see a little green guy ! sulley hear a noise and look over to see a break screen . he go to the screen and whisper outside .... sulley ( whisper ) Mike ? he climb out the window . ext . cabin - night sulley jump down from the window . a couple of ranger hear he and train they flashlight on he . sulley ( gasp ) ah! ranger bear ! a bear in the camp ! sulley take off run , jump down into a gully , evade the light . sulley sprint through the wood . he burst through some brush and come to the edge of a lake . he scan the lake but hear man yell and duck behind a rack of canoe , see flashlight in the distance . rangers ( walla ) down there , everybody over here ... I hear something over here . sulley hear a splash and turn to see Mike sit at the foot of the lake , stare at he reflection in the water . sulley ( gasp then sigh of relief ) Mike ! Mike do not look back . 136 . sulley ( cont 'd ) C ’mon buddy , let 's get you out of here . Mike still do not look up . sulley ( cont 'd ) this be all my fault ... I be sorry --- Mike continue to look down . mike ( depressed ) you be right , they be not scared of I . sulley move closer and look down at Mike , silent . mike ( cont 'd ) I do everything right . I want it more than anyone . and I think , I think if I want it enough , I could show everybody that ... Mike stare at he reflection in the water . mike ( cont 'd ) that Mike wazowski be something special , and I be just ... not . he splashes it away . sulley look Mike , I know how you feel --- mike do not do that . please do not do that . you do not know how I feel . Mike 's raise he voice , sulley look around cautiously . sulley Mike , calm down . mike monster like you have everything . you do not have to be good , you can mess up over and over again , and the whole world love you . sulley Mike - 137 . mike you 'il never know what it 's like to fail , because you be bear a Sullivan ! sulley yeah , I be a Sullivan ! I be the Sullivan who flunk every test , the one who get kick out of the program . the one who be so afraid to let everyone down , that I cheat , and I lie . ( sigh ) Mike , I ' 11 never know how you feel , but you be not the only failure here . sulley 's shoulder drop , he sit down next to Mike . sulley ( cont 'd ) I act scary Mike , but most of the time ... I be terrify . mike how come you never tell I that before ? sulley because ... we be not friend before . Mike be stunne , at a loss for word . suddenly a flashlight graze sulley . sulley jump back as the light come toward he . Mike hide behind a rock as he watch sulley drive away . Mike be in shock . sulley look back at Mike , they both do not know what to do . after a second , sulley just take off run . rangers ( walla ) over there ... sulley run through the darkness and right into a embankment . he try to climb the slippery side of the embankment but the flashlight be get closer . 138 . just as he be struggle , a tree limb be suddenly lower down next to he . mike sulley . sulley look up - it 's Mike , at the top of the embankment . sulley 's surprised .... in the distance , the sound of human be get closer , and we can make out flashlight in the tree . Mike lower the tree branch a little more , brace he foot against some rock . he pull sulley up over the edge . they take off back toward the cabin . ext . cabin - night the ranger be surround the cabin . Mike and sulley see a open and sprint toward the cabin . int . cabin - night the guy burst into the cabin , run to the closet door and throw it open ! reveal : just a closet full of camp supplies . no monster world . on mike and sulley , who react , dismay . mike no ... int . school of door technology the door power down . the door lab be crawl with campus security . Dean hardscrabble stand beside the door station , a finger on the power button . oozma kappa be be hold back by security . don they be still in there ! 139 . hardscrabble until the authority arrive , this door stay off . the misfit react . hardscrabble have just deliver a death sentence . squishy no ! you can not do that ! squishy break the line , tearfully charge for he friend , but he 's hold back with ease by security . hardscrabble enough ! I want this room clear , now ! Security start herding student out of the lab . misfit ( walla ) hey , you can not do this !/ please wait , do not do this now !/ he need we help ! the lab door be slam shut . CUT to : int . cabin - night Mike and sulley be panicked . Mike close the door , then quickly open it , but again , nothing . Mike and sulley hear the human outside get closer . they run to the cabin window and see that a group of ranger have arrive . they approach the cabin , shine flashlight . sulley run away . sulley we have gotta get out of here . Mike get a idea . mike ( whisper ) let they come ! 140 . sulley ( whisper ) what ? sulley look at Mike , confuse . mike if we scare they , I mean really scare they ... we could generate enough scream to power the door from this side . sulley what be you talk about ?! mike I have read every book about scare ever write . this could work ! sulley they be adult ! I can not do this ! mike yes you can , just follow my lead . CUT to : on the door to the cabin . the doorknob turn , then ranger pour in , flashlight point into the darkness . they jump as a fan turn on suddenly , then slow to a stop . the window drape flutter , as if someone have just touch they . the ranger proceed farther into the cabin . up in the rafter , sulley and Mike nod at each other . Mike count down silently as they get ready for they next action . bam ! the front door of the cabin slam shut behind the ranger . the ranger hear music . they spin around and see a record player , play a record backward . they hear another sound and turn they flashlight on a doll walk across the cabin . doll ma-ma . ma-ma . the doll walk into a bed post and fall down . 141 . doll ( cont 'd ) ( warble ) ma-ma . ma-ma ... they see a dark shadow run across the floor behind they . it 's Mike . sulley reach down behind the ranger and scrape the floor with he claw . the ranger turn in time to see the claw mark on the floor . they hear something in the rafter . shine they flashlight in that direction they see more claw mark on the wall all around they . they hear a deep , low growl as something short and round scurries across the floor . sulley ( growl ) ranger what the - rangers ( gasp ) whoa ! just before they flashlight reach Mike , sulley reach down and pull he up into the rafter again like a basketball . rangers ( cont 'd ) ( walla ) I hear it ./ it 's go this way . sulley ( whisper ) now what ? mike ( whisper ) phase two . down on the floor , the ranger jump when suddenly the bunk bed start to topple over toward they like domino . the terrify ranger run to avoid be hit by the bed , which fall on the front door , block it . CUT to : 142. int . mu door tech lab hardscrabble be alone in the lab . faint scream be hear and the light above the door suddenly flicker red then fade back to black . hardscrabble stare at the light , baffle . int . cabin , continuous Mike smile as he see the door to the monster world start to glow . he turn to sulley . mike be you ready ? sulley Mike , I can not . mike yes , you can . stop be a Sullivan , and start be you . sulley look uncertain . ranger # 1 call for backup ! ranger # 2 Assistance on the north side . repeat , we need assistance on the north side . Mike jump down from the rafter behind the ranger . he grab a fishing pole and tie some of the line to a table leg . he run around the room , encircle the ranger . rangers ( walla ) what be it ?/ let 's go ! the ranger be spook . from a hide place behind a piece of furniture , Mike lock eye with sulley and nod . it sink in , sulley become determine . it 's time . 143 . rangers ( cont 'd ) ( walla , glimpsing Mike roll by ) over here !/ it 's right behind you ! sulley drop from the rafter , landing in front of the ranger . he begin to let out a deep growl .... as the ranger recoil in horror , Mike tighten the fishing line around the ranger 's leg cause they to fall and get tangle in the line . as the ranger struggle on the floor , sulley loom over they and let out a ferocious roar . sulley roar ! ! the ranger scream be overwhelming .... CUT to : int . mu door tech lab in the lab , the scream burst through , flooding the room with energy . everyone outside the lab see bright light . something be go on , but no one can tell what it be . the light above the door turn bright red , follow by the stack of scream can across the room fill up completely . hardscrabble , alone in the lab , be stunne . int . cabin the closet door glow brightly . sulley roar !!! on the rangers , scream as they run from Mike and sulley . int . mu door tech lab Close up of scream can on a shelf overflow , explode ... some fly through the air . hardscrabble , stand in front of the can , do not know what to do -- she look to the door . 144 , int . cabin - human world Mike see that the door be now on . mike sulley , come on ! they run for they exit . int . mu door tech lab hardscrabble see the door be about to explode and she jump out of the way . sulley and Mike burst through it in a cloud of smoke and debris . hardscrabble peek out from behind several destroy scream can . for the first time , Dean hardscrabble be dumbfounded . they all look back at the door , which have be completely destroy . Mike see he smoking , tatter mu hat in the rubble . hardscrabble approach Mike and sulley . hardscrabble how ...how do you do this ? sulley do not ask I . sulley look at Mike . Mike look unaware . she can not believe it . suddenly someone be saw through the wall and the child Detection Agency blast through to the lab . cda agent # 1 ( walla ) move ! move ! move ! this be a 5423 in progress . alright everybody , clear out ! secure the perimeter . cda agent # 3 no child breach , repeat : no child breach . the cda cover the room , inspect and grab Mike and sulley . the student outside start yell at sulley and Mike . 145 . angry student # 1 you ruin we door ! angry student # 2 I have be work on my door all semester ! cda agent # 2 let 's go you two . the misfit emerge from the crowd . squishy you be alive ! don we be so glad you be safe ! as the cda escort Mike and sulley out of the room , hardscrabble stare after they in a daze . she be leave stand amongst the scream can . the misfit yell after they . terry hey , wait ! terri what 's gonna happen to they ? a familiar cda agent respond . it 's roz dress in cda clothing . roz that 's for the University president to decide , but you can be sure we will be watch this two , always watch . int . oozma kappa fraternity house - day tight on don look dismay . don expelled ?! sulley and Mike be bum to have to deliver the news . mike yeah , we really mess up . 146. squishy so ... you be leave ? sulley yeah , buddy , we have to go . art harsh , man . mike I be sorry , guy . you have be in the scare program right now if it be not for we . the misfit exchange a look - they clearly have some news . sulley what ? don well , it be the gosh - darndest thing . terry hardscrabble 's let we into the scare program . mike what ?! terry she be impressed with we performance in the game . terri she invite we to join next semester ! sulley ( laugh ) congratulation , guy ! don and that 's not the only piece of good news . sheri and I be engage ! sulley and Mike be confuse . sulley oh ... who 's sheri ? 147 . squishy ( painfully embarrassed ) she 's my mom .... Ms. squibble step up and Don put he arm around she . ms . squibble well , if it be not my two favorite fella ! don , ms. squibble ( nuzzling noise ) come here , give I some sugar .... squishy so uncomfortable ... don awe , come on Scott . I do not want you to think of I as you new dad , after all , we be fraternity brother first . squishy this be so weird .... don just think of I as you big brother , that 's marrying you mother . wait , hold on . we be brother who share the same mom , slash wife . that 's worse .... everyone 's a little gross out by Don 's word , Don include . ext . oozma kappa fraternity house - later Mike and sulley stand by they respective suitcase . mike ( somber ) well , I guess we should be go now . don ( get emotional ) promise I you will keep in touch . he hand Mike and sulley he business card , which have '' sale '' scratch out and '' scare student '' write in . Mike look at the card . 148 . mike you be the scariest bunch of monster I have ever meet . do not let anyone tell you different . everyone go in for a group hug . ext . mu front gate Mike and sulley walk toward the gate with they bag . sulley so , what now ? mike you know , for the first time in my life , I do not really have a plan . sulley you be the great Mike wazowski ! you will come up with something . mike I think it 's time I leave the greatness to other monster . I be okay just be , okay . Mike 's bus pull up . mike ( cont 'd ) so long , sull . sulley so long . Mike and sulley shake hand then Mike step on to the bus . the bus take off . sulley watch it leave . int . bus Mike stare ahead from he seat on the bus . on sulley , he look down , unsure what to do .... back on Mike , who stare out the window at the campus he be leave .... suddenly , two blue arm reach into the window , it 's sulley . sulley wazowski ! 149 . mike aah ! sulley whoa ! ! startle sulley fall back out the window . Mike call up to the bus driver . mike stop the bus ! ext . bus Mike step off the bus as sulley be run down the street . mike be you crazy ? sulley Mike , I do not know a single scarer who can do what you do . I know everyone see we together , they think I be the one run the show , but the truth be I have be riding you coattail since day one . you make the deal with hardscrabble , you take a hopeless team and make they champion . all I do be catch a pig . mike ( sotto ) technically , I catch the pig . sulley ( laugh ) exactly ! and you think you be just " okay " ? you pull off the biggest scare this school have ever see ! mike that be not I . sulley that be you . you think I coulda do that without you ? I do not even bring a pencil on the first day of school ! Mike smile . 150 . sulley 's try to find the word .... sulley ( cont 'd ) Mike , you be not scary , not even a little ... but you be fearless . Mike 's never hear anyone say that before . sulley ( cont 'd ) and if hardscrabble can not see that , then she can just -- hardscrabble I can just what ? sulley turn around , shocked to see Dean hardscrabble fly down behind he . hardscrabble ( cont 'd ) careful , Mr. Sullivan , I be just warming up to you . sulley look down awkwardly . sulley ( sotto ) sorry . hardscrabble well gentleman , it seem you make the front page again .... Mike look at the picture , smile sheepishly . hardscrabble ( cont 'd ) the two of you do something together that no one have ever do before ... you surprised I . perhaps I should keep a eye out for more '' surprise '' like you in my program . it 's good to hear , but a little late . hardscrabble ( cont 'd ) but as far as the two of you be concerned , there be nothing I can do for you now . except perhaps , wish you luck . Mike and sulley be touch . hardscrabble ( cont 'd ) and Mr. wazowski ... keep surprising people . 151. Mike watch she fly off , look at the paper , then smile and look to sulley . mike you know , there be still one way we can work at a scare company . they be always hire in the mail room . Mike show sulley a want ad that read : '' help want : mailroom , monster , Inc . '' sulley smile . int . monster , incorporated - mail room pull back from the MI logo . Mike be beam , stand next to sulley in MI 's mail room . sulley this be better than I ever imagine ! mike I bet we break the all - time record in we first year . sulley Mike , we be mail guy . mike I know , I be talk about the record for letter deliver . a big dump of letter come down the shoot . Mike and sulley brace themselves . mail manager the yeti walk by , reprimand they . yeti alright , newby , quit goof around . I '’11 have you know tamper with the mail be a crime punishable by banishment . sulley yes , sir ! mike we be right on it , Mr. snowman ! ( to sulley ) the team of wazowski and Sullivan be gonna change the world , start today ! say scream ! 152 . mike , sulley scream ! Mike take a picture of he and sulley in the mail room . CUT to : photo montage : a series of photo of the guy , through time : ..- Mike and sulley in the mail room - 1st Day monster Inc . we pull out to reveal Mike 's locker . it open to ... ..- Mike and sulley in the mail room - most mail deliver . Pan up and we see they picture in the company newsletter ... ... work as janitor - meet you New janitorial team Pan over to shot of they in the kitchen ... .-.lst Day cafeteria worker . Pan up to another newsletter photo ... .+.- team Sullivan and wazowski serve soup , '' soup ’er team . '' farther up ...lst Day can wrangler ! then to a flyer that read ... monster , Inc. scare tryout we see a shot of Mike show sulley how to perform a scare . Pan down to .... sulley try out for a scare job , '' impressive New recruit . '' a photo of Mike and sulley shaking waternoose 's hand . Mike post a picture of the two of they in front of monster , Inc. - lst Day scare team . we pull out from this picture to see Mike grab he hard hat . he walk towards the scare floor with he clipboard and hard hat on . Mike be congratulate by other monster near the floor , all the friend he 's make during he time at MI . merv wazowski ! good luck on you first day ! mike thanks merv. MI worker # 4 good luck , Mike ! mike thanks fella ! he stop at the line and look out at the floor . walk past he to work . sulley you comin’ coach ? Mike smile and step over the line . mike you better believe it . ( exhale ) int . school classroom slug guy slowly enter a classroom . slug ( run , out of breath ) I make it , my first day of class ! 153 . sulley snap zoom out to a empty lecture hall with a janitor sweeping the floor . janitor ehh , the school year 's over , son . you miss it . slug great . slug guy turn around and very slowly leave the lecture hall .