econd draft : 0 7730/2002 ba monster by patty Jenkins sed on the true story of aileen wuornos - over black : aileen ( v.o. ) I always want to be in the movie . raindrop ripple the blackness . we be stare at a puddle . a fade , wrinkle photograph of a cute , blonde 7 year old girl flutter into the water . aileen ' lee 's wuornos 's adult voice be light and whimsical . aileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when I be little I think for sure that - one day I be gonna be a big , big star . the photograph come to life . int . bedroom - day Young aileen play dress up in she mother 's clothing . she preens into camera like a star . aileen ( v.o. ) I use to imagine there be a camera follow I around that could see what nobody else could . and I just know , one day I would be famous . she pretend to smoke and laugh gaily as if chat with friend . CUT to : a child 's hand grip a dingy barbie doll . it dance across the top of a cardboard box . the barbie turn as a nutcracker be lift to the stage . aileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) or at least rich . Rich and beautiful like the glamorous woman on the television . int . garage - late 60's - day a old fashioned garage , empty except for aileen . she lay in front of the box on a oil stain floor . aileen ( v.o. ) I would have a good look husband and great big family and a house on the beach . the two doll be hold together in a kiss . they turn and walk off of the box side by side . get up , aileen run she doll around the floor as if they be drive , then lift they up into flight . ( continued ) ' 2 . continued : they coast toward the garage door window and part . the doll drift to she side . she continue to stare out . cu on aileen lose in daydream . she have a dark black eye . laceration peer out from the collar of she dress . she grin with innocent pleasure . : aileen ( cont 'd ) I have a lot of different dream . about what I would be like . how I would live . who I would be . CUT to : int . bedroom - night the room be bare . aileen lay in bed . she hold she cover tight . aileen ( v.o . ) . as I get older I learn to stop share this with people but still whenever I - be down I would just escape into my mind ... she be frighten . her eye dart nervously then clench shut with dread . . aileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... to my other life , where I be someone else . the bedroom door slowly open . CUT to : ext . neighborhood STREET corner - 1970 - day teenage aileen , dirty and unstylishly dress , approach a group of teenage girl huddle together wait for the bus . they glare and erupt into soundless peel of laughter . aileen 's smile turn to a harden scowl . aileen ( v.0 . ) all this people just do not know yet who I be gonna be . but one day they would . cuT to : ext . backyard - day teenage aileen stand behind a garage , make - up and provocatively dress . teenage boy crowd around . ( continued ) continued : fr aileen ( v.0 . ) I start wear make - up real young and be always super concerned with my image ... she nonchalantly take a dollar and lift she plouse . her gaze linger wistfully on a cute boy . aileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be always secretly look for who it be gonna be would discover I . be it this guy ? '' the cute boy stare at she chest then meet she gaze with a sneer . aileen 's face contort instantly into a indifferent glare . she tuck the dollar in she pocket . cuT to : ext . alley - night teenage aileen linger on the edge of a alley . a car drive by a 50 year old man pull over and aileen hop in . C aileen ( v.0 . ) or maybe this one ? you never know - but even if they could not take I all the way , somehow somebody would believe in I just enough . the man smile lasciviously . aileen lean into he . her head drop out of frame . cuT to : int . car - night her head pop back up . Dark now , different car , different man . mid twenty and handsome . he move to kiss she , veer away from she mouth and digging into she neck . she swoon . aileen ( v.o - ) they would think I be beautiful . like a diamond in the rough . they would take I away to that new life . that new world . where everything would be different . push in on : aileen 's face , she eye be close . they flip open anxiously ... ( int . rural home - night 18 year old aileen stand stock still , freeze in a shabby live room . the young man and he mother surround she , argue . no word be need to know the subject be aileen . ext . parking lot - night the lover fight behind a idling car . he try , barely , to soothe she . aileen be hysterical and violent . he lose he temper and throw she to the ground . his car peel away into the night . aileen sob in the dirt . scream , pound the earth . : aileen ( v.0 . ) I live that way for a long , long time ... in my head , dream like that . it be nice . black . her voice return , somber now . aileen ( cont 'd ) but one day ... it just stop . the deafen sound of pouring rain . cuT to : eye , worn and red , hold a cold stare . ext . highway underpass - florida - afternoon headlights streak down the highway in the pour florida rain . a figure be tuck in the crook of a underpass . aileen ' lee 's wuornos , now 30 year old , lean against a concrete support . she be dirty and dishevel . the rain howl through she thin jacket but she do not seem to notice . the content of she purse be spill in the muddy water . she stare into she lap , trance - like . ( note : aileen will be refer to as Lee in the present tense of the script , and aileen in voice over only . ) follow she stare down to a dirty .22 handgun . she gently finger the trigger . a rumple and tear five dollar bill be clutch in she other hand . t ~ she lean she head back and close she eye . she draw a deep , breath , and open they . a ext . rainy highway - afternoon a thumb jut into the drizzle rain . Lee stand on the shoulder of the road , squinting at the pass car . aileen ( v.o . ) by the time I meet selby Wall ?... shit , all I want be a beer . fade up : the chatter and clinking glass of a bar . int . the zodiac bar - daytona beach - same ' push in on selby wall , sip a Jack and Coke through a straw . she be 26 , chubby and nondescript but have a soft attractiveness that betray she masculine attire . her right wrist be in a cast . she bob along to patsy cline 's ' he call I baby ' amid the din of laughter and joke . at the other side of the table a butch lesbian have a girl in a skirt sit on she lap . the girl tell a animated story to the crowded table . when the girl - be not look the lesbian wink mischievously to the other and slowly raise she girl 's skirt . selby grins with delight . the girl scratch she leg but do not notice . the lesbian do it again . the girl catch she and slap she hand . the lesbian feign ignorance . everyone laugh . selby laugh . the lesbian try again and the girl leap up in reprimand . she look around for somewhere else to sit . see something across the room she walk over . selby 's smile vanish , then awkwardly reappear . pull out to reveal that selby be sit alone on the other side of the room . the girl lean in . girl hey . selby {overly eager ) hey !? girl someone sit here ? ( continued ) continued : tr '' selby for the girl swoops up the chair and return to she table . selby 's face fall . she glance around self consciously . the surround table in the meat-market utyle gay and jesbian bar be all overflow . selby nod she head to the music try to appear '' a part of the action '' which only make she stick out more . a door chime tinker as someone enter off-screen . the crowd turn to steal a glance in the direction of the front door . selby follow they gaze but can not see it . she awkwardly crane to the side . she freeze , mesmerize by ... lee stand at 's the front door shaking off the rain , a strike figure despite the soak and dirty clothing that shout out she profession . tall , with a shock of wild blond hair , she good look have harden into a dangerous shell , frightening and compelling , like a wild animal . she shoot a scowl at she observer . selby almost drop she drink . ( Lee push through the crowd and slide onto a stool at the end of the bar . lee ( to bartender ) hey man ! you get a towel or something ? the bartender make a show of responsibility by roll he eye and speak loudly . bartender ma 'am we service be for patron only . lee yeah , I be gonna buy a fuck beer alright ?! Lee pull out the five dollar bill and throw it on the bar . he toss she a dirty bar rag . she frown and pat she hand on it with disgust . lee ( cont 'd ) wow ... thanks a lot . gimme a Miller ... please !? ( she notice a male gay couple stare at she , but look away with disinterest . the beer arrive and the bartender gingerly take the five . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) for lee ( cont 'd ) hey ! what 's this like a gay place ? bartender uh ... yeah . lee hey ... whatever , man . Lee toss the towel at he and throw back the beer . across the room selby be watch . mirror Lee she toss she beer back for courage . she get up and stride towards Lee , actually to the jukebox behind Lee . . song page flip by and land on patsy cline . selby pretend to look at they . she dart nervous glance at Lee , punch in some number and approach . selby hey -- lee ( to bartender ) tf hey ... dude ! Lee point to she mug . selby slide in two stool down . Lee glance over . selby sit at attention . Lee look away . the beer arrive . selby ( awkwardly over - friendly ) hit !... can I buy you that drink ? Lee roll she eye and stare ahead . lee I have get money . selby ( to bartender ) oh ... wh , can I have a pitcher ? whatever she 's have . Lee sigh . selby ( cont 'd ) so , do you come in here a lot ? Lee snort a laugh . cc ( continued ) tr continued : ( 3 ) lee no ... hey , you do not have a kleenex or anything do ya ? selby oh ... sure . selby look around hopefully . she jump off she stool and momentarily return with some napkin . Lee carefully unfold they and pat off she face and hair . the gay couple stare , smugly entertained . lee ( to the man - vicious ) hey , you get a fuck problem ?! selby jump with a start . the couple look away . selby be delighted . : lee ( cont 'd ) thanks . do I have mascara runnin ? selby no ... you look beautiful . Lee snort , uncomfortably surprised , but quickly recoil . lee hey , I be not gay alright !? selby try to hide she disappointment . she pour she beer with a shrug . selby no ? well , that figure . if you be you probably would not even be talk to I . none of this girl will ... so what be you do in here ? lee truck break down . I ’ma ... I get a pressure clean business - ~ selby what 's pressure clean ? lee you know , steam clean ? carpet , upholstery , so . I be just get out of the rain . selby oh ... my name 's selby . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) f° be grow irritate with this engagement . lee Lee ... Lee study the single dollar bill on the bar . she shove it forward . lee ( cont 'd ) fuck ... I be out of here . she get up . selby watch she desperately . selby be you sure ? it 's still raining -- lee look you fat fuck dyke ! do not waste yer time , I be not gonna fuck you for a beer ! selby be hurt . Lee collect she thing . as she turn to leave the insult muster selby 's courage . she grab Lee 's arm . selby hey , you know what ? I be not try to ct fuck you - for you information - I know you will not fuck I . I just want to talk to you and I think maybe if I buy you some beer you would talk to I . so get over yourself ! her confidence fade under the weight of Lee 's intense stare . a long uncomfortable pause . selby ( cont 'd ) I be just try to have one decent night out , at least talk to someone , before I head right back into my parent closet anyway . so I do not see how sit here with the best look girl in the place be a waste of time if I be the lesbian . Lee 's eye bore hole through selby . selby ( cont 'd ) sorry I bother ... I be not try to insult you ... Lee pull out the stool , sit back down . selby ( cont 'd ) you ... you do not have to stay - ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 5 ) cr lee hey , it 's no skin off my nose ... I be just try to be straight with you . selby nod . they both stare awkwardly at the pitcher of beer . selby so , be you really a steam cleaner ? lee no , I be not ! selby that 's good . that sound real boring . selby pour Lee a beer . , lee no , it 's a real good job , actually - pressure clean . int . the zodiac bar - later the place have emptied out . Lee and selby hover over a pair of shot at the bar . they be drunk and happy - lee hey ! do not fuck cheat man ! selby I be not ! you be jussa ssore - -- winner . lee that 's right , winner , though . one , two , go ! they throw they back . Lee downs it like water and slam the glass down . selby struggle , squint , and finish . lee ( cont 'd ) dusted again . no shit , you suck . selby hey ... bull ... I be jus , jus - two more ! bartender bar ' 's close . they reel with disappointment . - lee ct close ? that 's bullshit ! what time be it ?..- ( off he silence ) ( more ) ( continued ) will . continued : lee ( cont 'd ) oh yeah ? huh . then why do not you take tr that stick out yer ass . selby burst out laugh . they get up . lee ( cont 'd ) ( to selby ) yer not come back right ? selby nahhh . lee '' so fuck you asshole . yer lucky yer behind that bar or I would beat yer ass . who the fuck you think you be , ya shitkickin’ pansy . he flip they off . they roar laugh and stumble out . ext . the zodiac - continuous Lee howl out into the night . stepping apart they slightly sober . lee a whew . so ... hey , thanks for the drink . Lee extend she hand and they shake . lee ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I ... call you a fat dyke . selby nod , still hang onto she hand . lee ( cont 'd ) yer fun . pretty too so ... you know , I be just be mean . selby blushes . she let she hand go and shrug . Lee look around . it 's obvious she have nowhere to go . lee ( cont 'd ) okay , well nice to - selby you wanna ... you wanna stay with I ? Lee 's intense stare return . selby ( cont 'd ) cc not like - you not have to do nothin’ . { continued ) 12 . continued : lee : no , I know ... uh , yeah , I guess since my truck ... you know ... sure . int . suburban house - night a cheap plastic globe-shape splay of fiber optic softly illuminate a traditional family room decorate in country floral . the door open and selby creep inside . Lee tip -toe cautiously behind she , like a dog who have never be let inside before . she take in the surroundings with surprise . pass through a kitchen , a laundry room and through a garage fill with pool supplies and fishing gear before enter a make-shift ... bedroom the tiny room be fill with box that surround a neatly make full size bed . stuff animal line the pillow and a large cross hang over the bed . a small bathroom join to the laundry room . selby ( off Lee 's confusion ) S ‘my aunt 's house . Lee nod in understanding . selby ( cont 'd ) you wanna take a shower or anythin’ ... Lee be embarrassed but nod . bedroom - later selby sit stiffly on the bed . the shower turn off . selby writhes around , adjust the sheet and frantically try to look casual . Lee enter in a pair of oversize pajamas , obviously selby 's . she look strangely vulnerable . she struggle to maintain she tough facade and climb into the bed . they exchange awkward ' goodnight ' and selby click off the light , she eye be wide with disbelief . she steal drunken glance at Lee . Lee laugh uncomfortably . selby isorry ... I jes can not believe yer here . ( continued ) 13 . continued : lee yeah ?... I neither . selby roll to face she . the alcohol have dampen she inhibition and she forget herself for a moment . her eye droop open and close , study Lee 's face with unabash wonder . Lee breathes slowly and stare at the wall . selby can I ... can I touch yer face ? lee '' yeah , I guess . selby 's finger slowly raise as if approach a precious object . they skim ever so lightly down Lee 's cheek . selby yer so ... yer so pretty . selby 's 's head sink down . her nose land inch from Lee 's shoulder . she breathes it in . her hand slowly grasp at the pajama fabric . Lee 's eye be open and vulnerable . finally they slip shut . her chest heave slowly as she absorb the affection . they lay together , perfectly still , content . Lee 's eye open again , ' now much softer . she look out the window . aileen ( v.0 . ) I have always move too fast in love , but I would spend most of the day sit in the rain about to kill myself , so you can understand I be not feel particularly cautious . the night sky be bright with star . cicadas whir in the distance . aileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) hooker have be show up dead all over the Florida highway and when I find myself secretly hope the guy would just get I and finally end it all , I know I have nothing more to lose . a light bulb click on . int . laundry room the wash machine lid open . Lee 's clothing tumble in . ( continued ) cf 14 . continued : aileen ( v.0 . ) everybody 's get faith in something . for I , all I would have leave be love ... but when my boyfriend take off and steal all of my pressure clean equipment , something finally break . she add some detergent and spin the dial . the washer : whirs into action . the fridge door swing open on the fully stock fridge . kitchen Lee be delighted and start pull thing out . aileen ( v.o. ) I ‘know that part have sound like a lie put I would spend two year save up for that stuff so when he leave , I be pretty sure I would never love a man again . 's a beer crack open . tupperware peel apart . box be opened . Lee sit at the kitchen table in front of a feast of leftover . she voraciously stab at everything . aileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and without love , without even hope of it , what 's the point . even a bum on the street be look for something , alcohol , drug , something . the light on a stereo system flip on . livingroom Lee turn up the volume . classical music fade up . she kick off she shoe , tumble into the couch and pick up a magazine . aileen ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the only reason I do not do it be a five dollar bill . I keep feel it in my pocket and it be bugging I . suddenly uncomfortable , Lee dig in she pajama pocket . she pull out a crumpled five dollar bill and toss it onto the coffee table . ( continued ) ct 15 . continued : aileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I know I no probably give some asshole a blow job for it , so it really start to piss I off that if I kill myself without spend it , then I would have basically suck he off for free . a faint cry be hear . Lee grab the remote , turn down the radio and listen . woman' voice ( 0.s. ) ( worried ) honey ? her face tense with concern . after a beat she get up and slowly head up the stair . aileen ( v.0 . ) so I make a deal . I say " God , you have do this to I and I do not know why . now , I be go into town to spend this five buck but when it 's go ... so be I " reaching a upstairs corridor , she swing a leave . aileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) " so if you have get something for I in this world you have better bring it on . '' Light spill from beneath a close door . her hand grip the doorknob and turn it . aileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and sure enough there she be . reverse to selby , dress like a housewife , propped up with pillow in a king size bed . she lower a book . selby honey ... be not you come to bed ? Lee beam with absolute love . lee in a minute . a abrupt knocking . they both cock they head in confusion . cut to : int . guest room - morning Lee 's eye flip open . the knocking again . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ct woman' voice ( 0.s. ) selby honey ? ° Lee jump up into a aggressive position as the door open and aunt debbie lean in . her face contort in shock . she slam the door shut . selby scramble up . selby sorry , uh ... just a sec . Debbie ? selby lean out the door but she 's go . Lee be out of the bed and dress . they exchange worried guilty smile . kitchen Debbie , conservative mid 40n , be dress in church clothing . she iron a man 's shirt . in the livingroom , trevor , 16 year old , sit down on the coffee table to tie he shoe . debbie trevor ... off . he roll he eye and move to the couch . Debbie glance up sternly as selby round the corner from the garage with Lee C in tow . Debbie point back behind they . debbie ( cont 'd ) ( loud whisper ) selby , take you friend out the back please . selby nod obsequiously and they turn back . ext . debbie' house - backyard - day Lee and selby snicker as they walk down the driveway , selby seem anxious to get back . selby sorry . lee that 's alright . thanks for let I crash . they stop at the end of the drive - way . another goodbye . selby lee sure ... so what --~ -- when be -- cr lee ( cont 'd ) sorry . when you leave ? ( continued ) fr * 7 . continued : selby Tuesday ... lee oh. huh . they both shrug and try to act casual . selby hey , but if you be not do anything later ... I might be hang out at the moonlight around 5 . it 's two block down . lee oh yeah ? maybe I will swing by . selby okay ... cool . maybe I '1l see ya . lee alright . have a good time at church . Lee wink sheepishly , squeeze she hand and walk away . int . kitchen - later Debbie fold the irone board . trevor sit dress and sullen at the table . selby walk in , pick at a plate of pancake . she study Debbie who avoid eye contact with she . randy , a big man with a angry demeanor , stomp through the kitchen with he key . randy let 's go . debbie just one sec ... Randy swing back around furiously . randy well , do not hurry I to get ready if we be not leave . Debbie quickly stashes the irone board , snatch the plate off the table and drop they in the sink . debbie ( plead ) honey , just hang on ... ( harsh ) trevor ! selby , get in the car ! ( continued ) continued : ( 7 selby dutifully follow trevor into the garage . ext . sure - safe storage - day Lee sneak between row of storage unit beside a large dilapidate house . Inside , the blind whip open . Lee duck around the corner . rita , a overweight woman with a permanent scowl , storm up to find Lee disappear under a metal grate . rita ( heavy southern accent ) hey ! I see yu . git outta there . you can not be here . I toll you to pay er I be gonna throw yer shit out -- . man 's voice ( 0.s. ) hey ! git over here . rita curse and leave . Lee slide the gate up and pull out a box . rita ( 0.s. ) she 's sleighping in the freakin shed ! a man' voice ( 0.s . ) I do not give a God damn what she 's do I tell you leave er ... ( harsh whisper ) you should be ashamed . too much fer you let er sleep in a shed not fit fer a dog . Lee stifles shame with a indifferent sneer . she pull out clothing , a comb and some make - up and set it aside . thomas , late 40' in fatigue and a pow mia t-shirt , come around the’ corner . his leg be extremely crippled and he drag it awkwardly . he hold two beer and a sandwich . thomas hey lee. lee hey Tom ... sorry ' bout the ... rent . thomas yeah ? awright ... you wont some sandwich ? I hate ham . cr she be embarrassed but take it . ( continued ) 19 . continued : lee ( casual ) hey , I could blow ya if you want ? unphaze , he smile sadly and ease himself onto a post . he crack open a beer and hand it to she . thomas nahh , honey , that 's alright . pay I when ya can ... so how you doin 's ? lee '' oh ... good man , good . Real good . I meet someone . thomas well alright . careful he 's not some ding do like the last -- . ( bellow at the distant shrub ) hey ! back up ... I see ya ! lee still spying on ya ? thomas ( be : pow shirt ) get damn CIA ... they do not want it out but they can not mess with this one . ( shout again ) I will shoot cha ! do not forget it ! int . gas station bathroom - afternoon Water splashes into a filthy sink . Lee be in she underwear and wash down with hand towel . a hand drier roar on . she flip she head upside and hang it underneath . Lee scrutinize the mirror . carefully feathering she hair . int . moonlight roller DISCO - night the glittering colorful light of a mirrorball shine down on the lower class mass . ( note : throughout , pop music circa 1989 be mix with DISCO and 70' skate rink classic . ) selby sit in the concession area , anxiously scan the room . through the crowd she spot Lee at the entrance , argue with the man at the turnstile . selby jump up , check she appearance and calm herself . ( continued ) 20 . continued : angle on Lee , see selby and do the same . selby walk up , already reach '' in she pocket . they try to act nonchalant . selby hey , you come ? lee . yeah I be around . think I would swing by . thanks ... selby hand the guy a five . Lee step through . they be both do up with a casual look that betray great care . Lee 's clothing be significantly more masculine , and selby be strain to look '' tough . '' lee ( cont 'd ) you look great . selby yeah ? you too . concession area Lee and selby sit at a booth with coke and nacho . et lee so where be you friend ? selby huh ? oh ... no I just ... come down sometimes . selby get embarrassed . Lee laugh and selby follow . selby ( cont 'd ) oh , you nre so mean . lee hey I be here too . selby so ... can I ask you a question ? Lee wolf down a few nacho , lee sure . selby ( mischievous whisper ) a be you a... prostitute ? Lee frown in defense but selby 's eye be wide with awe . ( continued ) 21 . continued : a lee ( righteous ) yeah ... why ? selby I do not know . I just ... people like , pay you to be with they . it 's wild . lee yeah ? this be gonna cost you fifty . selby falter . Lee laugh . lee ( cont 'd ) I be just kid you . no ... I like you . selby blushes . her eye dart up from she Coke longingly . selby . so , like ... what do you ... do to they ? Lee hold she stare . a slow smile appear . her confidence building under this refreshingly glorify perspective . lee ct all kind of thing ... whatever they F like . selby how do you know what they ...? lee ( cocky ) shit , well they be not shy about tell ya , but truth be they be easy to read . selby so what 's that guy like ? Lee follow she finger to the turnstile man . lee ( nonchalantly ) finger up he ass ... probably like to be humiliate at the same time . selby grin with delighted surprise . selby oh geez , that 's ewwww ... what about he ? tf a football player type with he arm around he girlfriend . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 2 ) cr lee oh , he 's gay . selby no way ! lee definitely . tries too hard ; either gay or he 's get a small dick , but I would bet twenty on gay . selby giggle . lee ( cont ’d ) that one , straight S&M . tie you up . whip and chain . selby follow Lee 's finger to a payphone across the room . her jaw drop then she burst out laugh . trevor . selby that 's my cousin ! lee ( laugh ) C ohhhhh no . sorry ... anyway . it 's , you know , not the best job . selby I will bet they line up to be with a girl like you . Lee shrug , almost proud . lee I guess ... I do not know . not really . ( then ) what 's Ohio like ? selby ( sober with disinterest ) I do not know ... I mean , I have a bad time before but ... I be try to be optimistic . ( off Lee 's curious nod ) well , since I be ... gay - of bi. lee bi? selby well , yeah , I could probably like a guy , who know ? ( more ) ( continued ) tr 23 . continued : ( 3 ) selby ( cont 'd ) but before I leave this girl from my church tell my parent I try to kiss she so they kind of disown I . it be bad . think I could figure myself out down here , but then I break my arm before I could find a job , so , now , cause my dad have to pay the bill , I make he a deal to come back ... but we. talk , which be good , so ... maybe it will be different . lee why , they gonna let you hang out with _ hooker now ? selby ( shyly ) oh ... well ... no , but . I do not know . maybe I can ... try to change . save my soul and all that . selby shrug , but she eye be sad . lee I think yer soul seem pretty good . selby thanks . hey , who know though . maybe one day I 'il come back down ... we can hang out ? they smile fade with the knowledge that this will not ever happen . Lee look out to the floor , rarin’ to go . lee forget about next time . this time I be gonna beat you ass around that floor . selby oh no ... I do not ... Lee pull she up to ... skate floor happy couple skate hand in hand . Children zip in between . selby hug the rail as she move carefully toward Lee , who be laugh against the wall . selby awkwardly skate-step up . Lee jut out she hand . selby look at it . lee c’mon . I get cha . ( continued ) 24 . continued : cr she take it . they skate into the crowd . Lee be good and keep selby up . Big smile as Lee show off some fancy foot move . selby how would you get so good ? lee aw , I use to go all the time . the dj announce a '' rexing couple only '' skate . journey 's ' do not stop believe 's come on . selby start to leave the floor , but Lee pull she back . lee ( cont 'd ) oh man , I love this song . selby - I too ! I love this song too ! but I can not do that . she nod to a couple , one skate backwards with they arm around the other . selby cringe . Lee flip backward and hold out she hand . ec lee yes you can . selby turn bett red and take she arm . Lee 's hand reach around she back . she skate backwards fluidly , glance behind she . trevor spot they from the railing . he shoot a smirk at selby . selby wilt a little . Lee turn she head to face selby , give she a wide , confident smile . selby grin with wild disregard . lee ( cont 'd ) you navigate . make sure we do not hit anyone . selby why ? lee Cause . Lee face she and do not look back . selby tense and scan the floor like it 's out to get they . Lee laugh . selby laugh t at herself . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 25 . selby what ? lee here ... just look at I . sense ‘em . they look in each ‘other 's eye . selby , . flushed with fear and excitement . Lee 's hand tighten around she back . selby 's eye be vulnerable , search Lee for proof that this could really be what she think . Lee put a hand on selby 's neck . pull she into ... a kiss . selby 's eye flutter with emotion then dart open in fear , but Lee will not let go . Lee finally lean back with a wondrous smile . she check behind they for danger and lead they across the busy floor . head turn as they pass , but for this moment selby 's do not care . her eye do not break they intense lock on Lee . they hand clasp . selby study Lee wondrously '' lee ( cont 'd ) you wanna get outta here ? selby ( choke excitement ) yeah ... but where ? I do not think we can go back to my aunt . ' do not stop believe 's rise and continue over : ext . alley - night they fall against a concrete wall , making out . they kiss . tongue touch desperately . Lee 's hand grope and selby trembles with excitement . Lee 's hand move down as she kiss down selby 's neck . selby pull at Lee 's shirt as Lee slide out of view . selby fall back against the wall . her eye shut . lose in pleasure . Lee be a sexual performer . there 's no doubt about it . selby hold back cry of ecstasy . her breathe catch into gasp and selby be leave in amazement . fade to black : t ext . alley - night t Lee and selby 's hand be intertwined . they grasp at each other , not able to get enough of what they have just find . Lee and selby sit against the wall . lee . your be so small ... selby yeah ? no one 's ever ... really hold ‘em before . lee maybe soon some big guy , huh ? selby ( choke a laugh ) uh ... well ... I doubt they have like I even if I do like they . . + they fall into silence . selby look at she watch . lee do you like I ? selby ( incredulous ) yeah I like you !... Lee lean close to she . her eye be wide . like a frighten puppy look for affection . selby reach awkwardly around she with she break arm . selby ( cont 'd ) ( as if it 's okay ) do you really like I ? lee yeah . selby I think you do not like girl . lee ( laugh ) I do not ... really like anyone ... but I like you ?! she shrug " go figure . '' selby laugh . they clutch hand desperately . ( continued ) cr a 27 . continued : selby figure . only girl who 's ever like I show up now ... here . Lee 's brow be knit in angst . suddenly she flash with detach certainty . lee hey . well we have get tomorrow right ? let just do it up ! selby alright . lee what say ... what say I take you out grand . huh ? selby . really ? oh - I do not think I can affor it . . lee I know . I be take you out . selby alright ... but you do not have to spend you money on I . lee Nah , after you pay I for this tonight , I nil just use that money . selby 's face fall . Lee shake she head and laugh to herself . selby get the joke and blushes . they climb to they foot , like school kid they kiss sweetly . ext . highway - morning a big rig tear across the red sky . ext . rural highway - day Lee be in a good mood and glance around at the tiny shack like establishment . Southern -style blink arrow advertise everything from bait to porno video . she carefully study each car that pass and finally jump toward the road and wave . a man drive a green monte Carlo pull up and Lee hop in . 28 . cr int . GREEN monte carlo - moving - day t chuck , a well dress man in he late 50 's , smile smugly . Lee hop in and she demeanor switch effortlessly to the helpless but friendly female . lee hey thanks ... I be gettin’ lose around here . Chuck know the score but they eye each other cautiously . chuck where you head ? lee oh ... just down wherever you can take I ? I be just try to get to a phone . damn car break down ... . riffling through she shoulder bag , she pull out a wallet photo and show it to he . a tatter sear -style picture show two blonde child . lee ( cont 'd ) see this be my kid . I gotta get back to Miami but I be break ... try to make a few dollar ... somehow . chuck I might be able to help you out . they lock eye in understanding . Lee smile . int . debbie' house - kitchen - day selby balance a laundry basket on one hip . she grab a glass of juice off the counter and walk down the hallway , through the garage and into she ... bedroom she drop the basket on the bed next to a open suitcase . she start fold the clothing but notice something on top of she thing . she pick up the pamphlet . dozen of smile face ask " can homosexual change ? we do . '' selby toss it onto the night stand and dig into she clothing . 29 . ct ext . highway - evening Lee walk down the road at a quick pace , count money in she hand . she 's disappointed with she take . a brown grand prix slow behind she . richard mallory grin from behind the wheel . he 's in he date 40' with a thick mustache and a baseball hat . richard hey lady love ... how ' bout a ride ? lee 's depend what time it be ? : richard I get a quarter to 6 . lee hmmm . maybe a quick ride ? Richard shrug ' no problem 's and wave she in . int . debbie 's house - guest room - night a selby excitedly check herself out in the mirror . too frumpy . int . brown grand prix - night Lee anxiously look around as Richard turn off onto a wood path . it 's barely a road . lee man , do not go too far . richard I just want a little privacy . do not want to get bust . lee yeah , I neither . Richard pull out a flask from the seat behind he and fill up a thermos cap with liquor . he offer it to Lee . lee ( cont ’d ) alright . thanks . he pull out another ard fill it up while try to navigate the increasingly bumpy road . ct lee ( cont 'd ) ° hey so , how ' bout ... make it quick I '11l suck you off for 20 ? ( continued ) 30 . continued : t- richard no , I wanna fuck . he look at she like a piece of meat . lee okay , fine . then thirty straight up . the car finally pull to a stop . she sip the liquor . richard _ deal . his easygoing manner be almost charming . he pull some bill off of a roll of money . Lee reach out , but he pull they away and tuck they into the ashtray . . richard ( cont 'd ) . uh un , hang on girl . I do not want you to rip I off . lee oh c'mon man . alright. fuck first ... and the good shit later . a she start pull up she skirt . richard hey hold up . let I finish my drink at least . Lee fix she skirt and sit like a impatient kid . richard ( cont 'd ) you want some more ? ( Lee wave he off ) geez , hooker nowadays . you girl ? I like , I love ‘em and I hate ‘em , you know ? lee that 's how it always be . richard yep . but I still like ‘em better than my fuck wife , you know . lee ( disinterested ) well that happen a lot I guess . ct Richard take he last sip and make a disappointed face . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) richard ( playful ) alright jesus .. I do not want to '' hold you up . '' she smile and go to work on she skirt . she pull it off and lift she shirt . Richard watch . : lee come on . you too . he shrug not get it . he pull he dick through he zipper . — lee ( cont 'd ) C ’mon man , take you pants off . richard think you be try to save time ? '' the money 's right there ... she roll she eye and move to climb on top of he . richard ( cont 'd ) wait just suck it a little first .. ( she scowl in protest , he laugh ) ten more ! ten more dollar ! lee I do not -- his face change . richard Fucking suck it bitch . she freeze . her eye fill with dread . she 's be here before . lee ( weakly ) no ... his arm raise from behind the seat . Metal flash in darkness . crack ! she 's blindsided . blood rush from she hairline as Lee crumple awkwardly onto the floorboard , out cold . Richard mallory be transformed . he look down at she , he face bizarrely contort into fury ... revenge ... insanity ? ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 3 ) his hand raise in threat , hold a pipe . he bring it down . int . moonlight roller DISCO - night selby sit at the concession area . she 's all dress up and hold a bag in she lap . she be clearly disappointed but have not concede defeat yet . i/e . brown grand prix - wood ~ night Lee 's eye blink open , pull against the dry blood that seal they shut . her body be be move . her clothing be hike up around she chest and she body lay half out of the driver side door . Richard behind she ... do something to she . she scream and lurch in pain ... Richard laugh . there be something in he hand . the pipe ? richard I know that would get you ! you gonna stay awake now ? what 's the point if you can not fuck scream you fucking bitch ! huh ? I want a hear it . she moan in pain . struggle weakly , but she hand be tie to the passenger side door . she jolt again . choke to scream . only blood come out . Richard pull he foot back and kick she . hard . he lean over she , whisper . richard ( cont 'd ) wake the fuck ... up ... you wanna live till you die do not you ? huh ? you wanna die ? you wanna die bitch ? he disappear from she view . her eye roll back . black . his hand slap she cheek . Richard 's back , though she do not even know he be go . and he 's get something . he pop the cap on a bottle of rub alcohol . Lee shriek . blood curdle scream . Richard stand behind she grin sadistically . pour it on she . richard ( cont 'd ) aabhh ha ! there we go . let 's clean you up bitch . I be onna clean you up cause you get some fuck to do ... her hand yank at the door , hysterical . ( continued ) * 33 . continued : tf lee . ( weakly but building ) you mother fucker ... you motherfucker ... motherfucker ... he begin unbuttone he pants . perfectly calmly . out of nowhere he kick she again . she scream full volume without cease . her eye completely wild . her hand yank , yank come slightly loose . she bang she head forward , crying through the scream . Richard lean in . she jerk forward ... scream , sobbing . her hand ... come loose . her eye pop wide with surprise . wait . he thrust against she . her hair bounce off she face , but she can see ... the bag . her free hand dart for it ... a safety flip . she wrench she body . scream ! . the gun explode with a deafen crack . White light fill the car . Richard mallory stumble backwards clutching he chest in the shock . Lee turn frantically and yank she other hand free . in a split second she be stand in the driver 's side doorway . crack ... crack ... Lee hold the gun in both hand , lock in on she target . her eye insane with focus . mallory 's body jolt with each impact . she rush he as he fall . lee ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) motherfucker . motherfucker . the boom explode , again and again . she look down on he . sheer cold - blooded insanity on she face . a terrifying sight . mallory , somehow still alive , look up at she , a gurgle sound in he throat . blood pour out of he from every direction . somehow he manage a ... sneer ? Lee 's eye be wide and cold . she lean down ... point blank . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) crack ! mallory 's neck explode , he head roll to the side . disconnect . Lee stand over this ... corpse . her body heave for breath . slowly , awareness begin return ... she look around . blood everywhere . she 's destroy . his car , freeze in the chaos of struggle . then to mallory . his limb splayed in all the wrong direction . a heap of clothing . for a moment she be calm . so calm . almost curious . then ... she explode . kick and punch the lifeless pile . lee ( cont 'd ) GOD damn you ! die in hell ! die in hell ... you fuck ! you god damn ... fuck ... you , fuck you ... motherfucker . her wail of FURY slow and she stand panting . ext . wood - night mallory 's body slide along the ground . a giant piece of old carpete drop on the contort corpse . Lee lean in , heaving he weight , push , roll it into a shallow ravine thick with weed . from a distance we see Lee , naked , behind the open trunk . she pour a bottled water over herself and scrub at the blood . she riffle through the trunk . she pull out a bag . Inside there 's , rope , tape and clothing . intend for this very same use . she get the joke and sneer in the direction of the body . lee ( yell ) I win motherfucker ! she laugh , then frowns : her anger flicker through twenty other emotion and back out again as she step into a large electrician body suit . headlight shine into the night 35 . ct int . brown grand prix ~ night the car roll slowly down a rural two lane highway . Lee wear mallory 's baseball cap and thick glove and sit close to the steering wheel . she throw back the last drop of liquor . look at the wall of tree beside the car , she roll down the passenger . side window and begin hurl random object out : the flask , a book , the thermos cap ... suddenly she rethink that , pull it back and rub it clean on she shirt . int . debbie' house - guest room - night selby lay in bed . the room be dark , but she be awake . she hold the blanket tightly and bury she mouth into it : determine not to be a stupid sucker . int . gas station bathroom - night Lee , bath in neon , hover inch from the mirror . blood rim she hairline and she blot at it with a napkin then study she face . she look surprisingly clean up and be calm but breathes with a manic stutter . the dirty handbag lay in the sink , line with make - up . tremble hand pick up a lipstick and pale pink smear tr across she mouth . Lee stand in the center of the bathroom , double over with she hand on she knee , like a athlete , building courage . her eye close . she slow she breathe to a control pace . int . debbie 's house - night selby be asleep in the darken room . she bolt up as the window pane rattle the silence . she turn in a panic . lee' face hang in the window . selby ( shocked ) oh go -- her hand fly over she mouth . Lee grin and motion she to come out outside . a rumbling of foot be hear upstairs and selby frantically wave she away . footstep approach . Lee be freeze in confusion . selby gesture wildly and she finally snap to and run away . selby leap to the door just as it open . tf Debbie , dishevel by sleep , flip on the light with a scowl . ( continued ) 36 . continued : selby ( cont 'd ) . sorry . I ... I fall out of bed and get scared so I jump up . heavy footstep proceed Randy . he loom ominously in the doorway . a gun hang in he hand . | randy what in the hell be happen ? selby nothin ... he step in with a menace scowl . selby sit on the bed . randy you hear something !? selby . no , it be I ... I fall out of bed . Randy look around suspiciously . after a tense beat , he leave to check the house . Debbie do not move . her eye , lock on selby , be narrow with accusation . selby try to avoid she glare . debbie I hope you pack . selby nod . Debbie shake she head with disgust . selby shrug innocently . Debbie hold she stare then walk away . ext . neighborhood - night Lee crouch between two park car watch the house . it be quiet . the upstairs light flip off and selby creep down the driveway and look around . Lee jump out and wave with manic enthusiasm . selby motion to calm down . Lee 's grin vanish , she nod in understanding and back into the shadow . selby jog over . lee ( excited whisper ) hey ! selby motion quiet and keep go . Lee fall in step . they turn the corner and tuck behind a rv . ( continued ) 37 . continued : ct lee ( cont 'd ) hey ... sorry . hi. selby want to be mad . selby what be you do here ? lee I ... I just want to see you . selby shrug at she timing . Lee be try desperately to appear normal . lee ( cont ' D ) I be know . I be sorry ... I ... get ina fight . selby be slightly disarm but still disappointed . selby musta be a long fight . Lee look away . unsure of what to say and angry at the situation . c lee look , I know , alright ? I know . but ... ( soften into desperation ) I just .. fuck mean to be there . okay ? selby nod , then shrug at it 's irrelevance before notice Lee 's clothing , then . some bruise . selby alright well ... you okay ? lee ( wire ) yeah . no , I be ... I know weird outfit right ? but yeah , it 's cool ... it 's cool . ( force a casual tone ) but hey , you know ... I have be think ; we just meet , right ? so it just seem like , why go now ? we be have some fun . why not just hang out for a while ? selby fight the temptation . tf selby I wish I could . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) cr so do ? mee selby no. I can not . I promise he . lee so ? he 's you fuck dad !? can not he still save yer soul a week from now ? you know what I be sayin ? what 's the difference ?... selby be think about it but can not lose she head . selby well they will not even let I stay even if I want to . lee alright , so look ... Lee pull out a wad of money . selby 's eye widen in disbelief . lee ( cont 'd ) yeah . man , shit I have it all plan out - tc I be gonna show you a good time . make you wanna stay but ... ( rage ) it get all fuck up . God damn it ! ( about face ) : but hey . look , here it be . so that 's no issue girl . we could rent a hotel . hang out . Party . whatever . selby look at the money . selby where no you it ? lee I be good like that I tell you . it 's no big thing . selby so why do not I go up there and try to figure it out ... Lee 's attempt at lightness fade . lee tf no . I can not wait . I will not be here . ' just ... listen , once in a lifetime opportunity here . ( more ) ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 3 ) lee ( cont 'd ) if you wanna go later then fine ! i'1l drive you to the fuck bus and buy you a ticket . whatever you want ... but otherwise . nothin . you will never see I again ... and you may never meet someone like I again . selby absorb this . truth with pause . selby please selby ... it 's. stupid not to . selby laugh . lee I be serious . selby look terrify as she consider this proposition . she laugh at herself and shrug . selby ( weakly ) 's geez ... i... okay . Lee 's flash victory . lee alright ! okay . okay , let 's go . selby wait , no , what about my stuff ? lee fuck you stuff . I will by you new stuff . selby no , hang on ... not ... lee get you shit in a week ... seriously . it 's yer fuck aunt , she 's not gonna throw it out . a smile curl across selby 's mouth as if to say that of course that 's impossible . ' come with we ' by the Chemical Brothers twang in and continue over : int . brown grand prix - dawn selby , still in she pajamas , cup she hand over she mouth stifling laughter . Lee be possess . she turn the engine over , throw it into gear and pull out . ( continued ) 40 . continued : 7 sorby lurch in the seat . she look back at the house '' disappear into the distance . . selby ( delighted ) oh lord ... hey where have you get this car ? lee borrow it . ext . k-mart parking lot - morning selby sit in the park car . Lee approach with a shopping bag . she jump in and toss it to selby . selby pull out ~ wad of cheap clothing . she hold up a pair of small mens short . . selby who 's this for ? lee for I ... if I be go dyke , right ? selby pull out a ski cap . ext . fairview motor lodge - day a age sign , year past represent its intend glee , blink weakly against the sky . the grand prix pull through the parking lot , into the alley and disappear behind 's the building . int . motel room - day selby leap backwards into a queen size bed . the motel room be cheap and tiny : but she sit up and look around like it 's the Taj Mahal . selby what do we do ? Lee light a cigarette and toss selby a beer . selby catch it like it 's a revelation and crack it open . lee whatever you want ... Lee throw back a 7 - 11 coffee , and chase it with a beer . aileen ( v.o . ) to tell you the truth , at first I be not cf bull shitting . all I want be a week . t ext . ridgewood blvd . - day the dreg of society wander along a line of liquor store and porno shop . Lee push through a glut outside of a bar , look quite different in fully butch attire . selby follow in hand , delighted by she denizen escort and take it all in with awe . aileen ( v.0o . ) between the fact that selby be head back to some miserable life , and I would probably get catch for what happen sooner or later anyway ... int . sketchy corner store - day a blue plastic basket be fill with random food item , beer , sunglass etc . selby stare up at a line of bong . aileen ( v.o. ) I figure the least he could do be finance the two of we a little joy . t Lee pass with a handful of clean supplies : windex , paper towel , plastic glove . she grab a bong and toss it in . lee here ... souvenir . int . barber shop bathroom - day Lee lean into a mirror , xeflect a view of the back of she head into a compact . she wet tissue paper and pat it . it redden with blood . barber shop selby be have she hair cut a bit short and ever so slightly bolder . Lee exit the bathroom and approach a wait barber . aileen ( v.q. ) we have a little money and a little time , and that be all that I want . lee ( mute ) just the side and the back , alright ? smooth . ct selby look over , Lee wink back . be 42 . int . the last resort - night a densely pack biker bar teem with local bike club . it 's the belly of the beast and Lee proudly escort selby in . her eye light up as she look around . aileen ( v.o . ) . and man , it deliver . suddenly I feel like I be a part of something . a couple . like that people I would always watch from afar . they pass cubby , a fat bouncer on a stool . he nod through a cigarette as they pass . he and Lee slap hand . . lee ( mute ) _ hey this here 's my girlfriend ... cubby extend he hand with a nod . selby awkwardly slap it . selby ( mute ) hi ... lee ( mute ) look out for she if you see 'ri around ! Lee point at he for emphasis as they cross to the bar . lee ( mute ) ( cont 'd ) ( to bartender ) hey ... set we up man . jd with back . Shots slide onto the counter . then more . they drunkenly throw they back . liquor spill down selby 's chin . aileen ( v.0 . ) and no matter how tired I be , or how mach I could worry , I be alive . and for the first time in year I really feel it . so I think I would just take what I could get as long as I could . Lee throw she arm around selby . selby slide into she embrace . they look around at the unphaze crowd . this be where this odd couple belong . Lee and selby be pull in . they smile sweetly . proudly . shyly . bad tooth and all . int . motel room - night they lay in each other arm . Lee grip tightly to selby 's chest . selby kiss she face gently . they be drunk , happy and together . ( continued ) 43 . continued : aileen ( v.0 . ) ; but the funny thing about the good thing in life be , once you get a taste , they never be enough . end music cue . fade to black . ext . swamp - day windex splashes onto a pane of glass follow by a furious movement of paper towel . the brown grand prix sit abandon near a boggy swamp -land . Lee , in the ski cap and glove , scrub down the already pristine interior , occasionally lean back to check she work with a cock eye squint . int . motel room - day selby riffle through Lee 's thing . she find some money in a shoe box on the dresser . . 's ext . debbie' house - day a cab idle in the driveway . selby tip toe to the garage . int . garage - day the door open slowly and selby creep into the guest room . her suitcase be pack on the bed . she struggle to lift it with she good arm but it fall loudly to the floor . selby curse . scurry footstep approach . Debbie appear in the door , wiping she hand on a dish towel and hold a cordless phone . see selby she relax . selby avert she eye and drag the bag toward the door . selby I be just here to get my stuff . I be sorry about everything , okay . so - Debbie begin dial the phone . debbie selby oh no you do not . selby , you no -- Debbie . no. I be not father - -- have be call talk to he -- here --- Debbie block the door while it ring . debbie -- night and day . you need to have some respect ! ( more ) ( continued ) 44 , continued : debbie ( cont 'd ) ( beat - then into phone ) cc hello ? John ?... um hmmm . well , she 's here v now , hold on . Debbie extend the phone . selby 's eye dart anxiously as she take it . selby ( quiet ) hello ... father ( on phone ) ( bitterly cold ) '' what in the good lord 's name be you think ? selby ( try to own this ) hey , look ... I meet a roommate , so I figure I will stay with she till I can save up some money . father ( on phone ) ( explode ) how dare you , you filthy liar ! you think I can not read between the line with you dirty little lesbian visitor ? selby -- dad -- father ( on phone ) -- you must think I be a damned fool . now ! stop humiliate this family ! and you will get on a bus -- selby ( strong ) no ... I be not come back . father ( on phone ) oh , yes you will !? you wanna live like a street person ? you think you will not be crawl back here in two second -- selby ( break ) no , I will not ! she 's not a street person . for you information she make ton of money - more than you ... I be a adult dad , so ... just , that 's what I be do . and I will send you you money back father ( on phone ) I do not want filthy money -- ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 2 ) selby tc -- Fine . then , bye . selby jut the phone at Debbie , fight back tear . debbie ( plead ) selby , what be you do ? selby open the back door , grab she bag and walk up the driveway . ext . wood - day flame reach up into the shade darkness . push in we see the electrician 's body suit . Lee watch the fire . she sigh and look up . a patch of blue sky pass above the tree . . int . motel room — evening a roach crawl up the wall . selby sit on the edge of the bed watch it . she rhythmically sip a beer . a Lee burst through the door . lee I quit . selby you quit what ? lee what 's yer suitcase do here ? mix with fear and disbelief , selby offer ... selby I be stay . lee what ? Lee jump onto the bed and grab she into a hug . selby smile through she pout . lee ( cont 'd ) oh honey ... oh man , you just make my day ... how would you get yer bag ? cr selby I take a cab . ( continued ) 46 . continued : selby pull out a few remain bill and hand they to Lee . t Lee flip through they with concern . lee ( almost to herself ) all the way there ? selby ( overwhelm ) listen ... you can take care of I for a bit right ? Cause ... man ... lee honey , I will take care of you . I will . in fact ... Lee crack a beer open . her hair be slightly wild . lee ( cont 'd ) / I be cleanin up for ya . quitting hook . no , more . I have get you to think of and I be gonna do this right . selby why ? t Lee shrug , try to formulate a reasonable answer . lee lot of reason . Cause I should ... and I hate it . hate it ! selby but I think it be not that bad ? lee well it be . - it 's not . not always but now ... I do not know . why not , I be not stupid , I coulda be whatever I want , but no , everybody '' yer this and yer that . '' fuck ‘em . I get you . I get everything go for I . and you know ? we be a couple . that 's not fair to you for I to be out there . selby ( so that 's it ) oh , well I do not really mind . I be not jealous if that 's what you mean . it seem like good money so ? co lee so , I will get a job . go straight . career . I will get a career . how ' bout that ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) selby sip on a beer . she want to believe she . selby alright . Lee pull out a another and crack it open . Lee raise it in a toast . they clink can and throw back they beer . aileen ( v.o. ) I once hear this say that 's always stick with I . I must have be around 13 year old , cause I remember I would just put the baby up for adoption . int . office lobby - day a spacious lobby be fill with middle management type . Lee sit among they in a make - shift dress suit two size too big , push down suede boot , a dirty briefcase and plastic bag . she look around , excited . aileen ( v.o . ) they have call a assembly at my Jr. High School cause this guy who play drum for slim Whitman be come to talk to we about success and make you mark on the world . int . office - day a woman stare over she desk with a befuddle frown . Lee talk excitedly from the other side of the desk . aileen . ( v.0o . ) lee ( mute ) I be really excited cause he now ... I do not have any be the first real celebrity experience per se but I 'ma I would see and this be just real hard worker and I learn exactly the kind of thing I fast ... want to learn how to follow in the footstep of .. ext . downtown daytona beach - day Lee unlock a dirty bicycle . check a fold paper she gawkily straddle the bike with she briefcase , try hard not to be embarrassed . aileen ( v.q. ) ... so I listen really hard to any advice he have and sure enough he say something that just stick right in my mind . it be - '' all you need in life be love and to believe in yourself , and then there 's nothing you can not do . '' 48 . t int . legal office - day now it 's a man at a desk - a lawyer type with no time to spare , grow increasingly irritate . he cut Lee off . lawyer okay ? so basically you have no experience , no resume , no work history ... no college degree , but now you would like to be ... what , a laywer ? Lee be freeze . lee no. you ad say you be look for a secretary . lawyer okay . then you need to know how to type , you need computer skill , most of we secretary have degree , many even : specialize in the law , do you see what I be say here ? I be sorry I be not try to be harsh , but frankly it 's a little insulting . okay ? I see daytona Beach , it look like a great time . I be sure it 's the fun but when the party 's over you do not suddenly up and get what people have work they entire life for . okay ? Lee glare at he with hate . lee fuck you man ... you do not know I ! lawyer okay , great . that 's great . see now I wish I would hire you . ( into intercom ) Leslie can you please escort Ms. I do not even know what she name be because of course she do not have a resume , out . Lee be up like a bolt of lightning . lee I do not need a fuck escort motherfucker . Lee grab a box of file by the door and pull they to the ground as she storm out , past the terrify secretary . ct 49 . ct ext . busy road - day Lee slowly pedal down the shoulder . her briefcase bang awkwardly against the bike . she be humiliate . aileen ( v.o. ) all you need be love and to believe in yourself ... Nice idea , it do not exactly work out that way but I guess it be better to hear a flat out lie , than know the truth at 13 . the SOUND of laughter fade up . int . the last resort - night Lee hold court at the bar . she be slightly drunk and appear happy though : there be something slightly frenetic about she . lee ... so I flung all he shit around , tell he to fuck himself and kiss my sweet ass and pheewww ... out the door . selby what do he do ? - lee nothing . not one thing . I will bet nobody 's talk to he like that in he life . man , it be great ... Office job ! shit , who even want a job like that ? fuckin 's sit at a desk , blah , blah , blah , eat ass all the time . selby I think you do ? lee well I do , but you know what ? it 's no different . see before , hook I think I be just see this one side of man but it 's all the same . whether you be work with ‘em or they be fuck you . it 's all about fuck you , one way or the other ... and lie ... and see that 's some bad shit cause actually you know what ? I have be think about this - we real problem here go way further than just one on one , you know what I be say ? ( continued ) tr a continued : selby ( think hard ) no. lee ( as if it be obvious ) I be seriously concerned on a larger level about the state of we world !? and why ; same shit ... you get politics , business - war and it 's all the same as the cocksucker braggin and fight on the street . either way it 's cause man get a small dick or some power complex ?! like in the bible , the two sex , god make one the right way : woman - but with the man here we have get a fatal flaw . procreation : fuck ... and on the other side here you have get technology . you see what I be say ? . selby Lee , what ...? Fine . but we be break . lee ( to bartender ) cubby ... two more here . ( to selby ) I know that ! i’ know that ?! you think I do not have shit line up ? cubby slowly approach and lean in quietly . cubby honey , I can not run you a tab like this . lee cubby god damn it , how long have I be a customer ? cut I some slack here . cubby sigh and give in against he better judgement . selby Lee , look , why do not you just ... you know , just for a day or so -- lee I do not have to fuck hook selby ?! that 's not what I be say . selby I be not say it either . but Lee , you say ... man , I be sit in that room all day without a dime ? ( more ) 50 . ( continued ) ct 51 . continued : ( 2 ) selby ( cont 'd ) and I be twist you arm to do something you do not wanna do but -- lee I get shit line up ... do not -- it 's take care of , alright ? : selby well , the manager 's come by every hour say he 's gonna throw we out -- lee no he 's not . you be overreact . selby -- and then what ? then I be ... fuck -- lee -- no . man , you think all this man I know I do not have fuck connection ? , Lee light a cigarette and look away . selby be not reassure . CUT to : a application Lee 's scrawle name and the address to the fairview Motel be the only thing on it , leave most of it blank . lee ( 0.s . ) ( whisper confidentially ) see , I be be really honest with you here okay ... the truth be ... I ’ma hooker ... or I be a hooker for a long time but I '' try to clean up my life and be , like , a good Christian , so if you can please just help I ... just anything ... anything . employment office a black woman look up , unmove . employment agent ma'am , I would say maybe factory work be about what you can get here but -- lee okay . what 's that pay ? employment agent minimum . 3.25 but .. {to a man across the room ) Todd ! ( continued ) 52 . continued : t a man turn from a nearby desk . Lee shoot a furious glance . a lee wait -- employment agent {to Todd ) -- do we even have any factory work available ?... ( off he head shake ) how ' bout sunbeam ? Lee kick the desk and it slam back . the agent slide back and look away , with a civil servant 's madden lack of emotion . Lee stand up calmly . lee okay , well thank you very much then . um ... let I know if you -- the agent hum to herself as if Lee be not there , and get up and walk away . lee ( cont 'd ) hey , I be try to be ... fuck you ! she kick the desk again , hard . todd and the rest of the room busy themselves with they work indifferently . int . drug store - day the snack food aisle be line high with delight . selby scan it hungrily . she pick up a bag of chip , then see the candy bar . pull out two crumpled dollar she frown in indecision . she put back the candy bar , but notice a different one . finally look around nervously and start shove they into she pocket . justine , a young tidy look employee round the corner with a hand duster . selby freeze . justine hey ... be you steal ?! selby ( whisper ) I ... I ... no. I be so -- hungry . I have never steal before ... Justine frown but soften slightly . ( continued ) 53 . continued : manager ( o.s. ) ( from the next aisle ) what 's go on ? selby dissolves . her eye plead with Justine . the manager come around the corner with a cash tray . Justine frown at selby then turn to he . justine she buy this a hour ago and want to exchange they . the manager frown with disinterest and continue on . selby exhales with relief . manager make sure to note that in the inventory . code 75 . Justine roll she eye and nod selby to go . ext . drug store ~ day selby walk down the barren business road , humiliate . she eat she candy bar with a pout . ext . business road ~ day Lee walk down the sidewalk , with the newspaper clutch beneath she arm . people impatiently pass she with sideways glance . a man leer and she fight she pride and lean toward he . lee ( quiet as she can ) spare some change ? he hand she a few coin . Lee force a smile , but clenches she tooth with hatred as soon as she turn . in the far distance , a cop car quietly approach and veer onto the shoulder behind she . it slowly close in . pull beside she the siren chirp . push in on lee . she freeze . dread wash over she . the car stop and the cop get out . Lee turn in a panic . cop ma‘am .. I be afraid I be go to have to ask you to come with I . ( continued ) 54 . continued : she stumble back , debate whether to run and desperately a try to read he . he step closer . lee -- why ? cop we have have some complaint . he grab she arm and pull she toward the backseat . she jerk she bag awkwardly as if try to ditch it but be lower into the car with it - and the gun . int . cop car - moment later Lee be die . . lee . what no they complain ? Cause I just get up ? I have a day off . I just come out . cop a day off ? Lee be confuse and stammer . tf he laugh . the car turn into a underground parking garage cop ( cont 'd ) what 's a day off for a whore ? you go to church or something ? they eye be lock . her mind racing . they slow to a stop . he cut the engine and turn with a grin . cop ( cont ’d ) you do not remember I ? lee no . cop busted you not 8 month ago for trick on 95 . ( she remember } go real easy on you ? so it seem to I you might owe I one . Lee exhales . then she memory return and she sneer . lee tf easy on I ? you almost break my jaw . ( continued ) 55 . continued : cop please , do you do time ? come on . he nod to the front seat . Lee sneer , tuck she bag away and try to open the door . cop ( cont 'd ) climb over . : ext . parking garage - day the sun beat down on the sidewalk throw the descend entrance ' into pitch darkness . hold for a long beat before , slowly a figure step into the light . lee walk out tired and defeat . she pass a trash can and throw the newspaper . suddenly she double back and look inside . reaches inside she pull it back out . her expression , first anxious , slowly calm . ecu of the front page crime beat section : " the body of a 51 year old male .. richard mallory .. police have no lead .. drug - related robbery . '' chirp chirp ... the cop car roll by . the cop nod with a cruel smile . Lee grin and wave as if they be good friend . the cop 's smile fade . Lee look cold as ice as he drive away . int . motel room - late day selby lay in the dark . she look at she bag , which be pack by the door . a loud rapping outside , then Lee 's booming voice in the distance . lee ( 0.s. ) hey man.. guess what ? my mom be wiring what I owe you okay ?... I be serious ! selby sit up , confuse , as Lee burst in . her energy be strangely off-kilter . she flip on the light . lee ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) hey . that 's it man . fuck it . I give up . selby what ? ( continued ) cr continued : Lee begin 56 . lee get a job !? fuuuck ... I be do . I do not even care either . they offer I shit but who need chump change , fuck , minimum wage bullshit . change . there be a beat as selby take this in . selby what 's that you call you mom ? - I think you mom be dead ? lee no , that 's my grandma . selby she 's wiring money ? lee nahhh , she would not even talk to I . Fucking hang up on I say " I do not know you '' blah blah blah . Fucking bitch . fuck she -- a lamp hurl into Lee with a crash . she look up at selby with incredulous rage . tear well in selby 's eye . why would you I -- Lee jump struggle selby lee fuck do this to hey - ~ across the room and grab selby by the wrist . she but Lee hold she on the bed . selby -- why would you ask I to stay here fuck starve ? -- lee would you let I fuck finish I be say I be gonna hook -- selby -- oh yeah ? now yer gonna hook ? you wait till I be die ? you make I you fuck pimp ? you tell I that 's what you do ! why keep I here if you want to change yer fuck life ? huh ? lee Cause I think I could -- ( continued ) a ct 57 . continued ! ( 2 ) selby -- you say we be gonna party , party , party . well it have n xot be a fuck party ! and what ’da you do ? nothing -- Lee pull selby 's arm down and fix she with a intense stare . lee God damn it calm down selby ! selby -- nothing . you do not give a shit . and that 's mean Lee . you take advantage of I and it 's not my fault but I do not know why ? -- lee -- you wanna know why , huh ? selby yeah I really do -- lee ( loud whisper ) --- Cause I fuck kill someone . selby 's angry sneer vanish . her eye widen like saucer . Lee shove she back on the bed . lee ( cont 'd ( cont 'd ) I kill someone . the night I stand you up . I get rape , beat to fuck and be gonna get kill but I do not wanna lose you and all I could think about be how you would never know I mean to be there and you would think I stand you up for the rest of you life and I could not stand to die know you coulda love I ... sol fuck kill he . shot he dead . alright ? selby 's eye flutter with emotion . Lee look away , fight back tear . she clear they with a shake of she head and descend into anger . lee ( cont 'd ) okay ? so go alright ? she jump up and grab selby 's suitcase and throw it towards the door . selby choke with pain . lee ( cont 'd ) there 's you fuck bag - ( continued ) tc 58 . continued : ( 3 ) selby Lee -- lee -~- now you know I ! so fuck run like the wind -- selby I do not wanna leave -- selby crawl off the bed and try to touch Lee but Lee yank away . lee ( sing song bitterness ) oh sure ya do honey ? they all do , do not worry . " '' Lee all be fine . '' you do not wanna bother with this . I '' just a lot of trouble . . Lee start cry despite she spitting anger . selby pull at she and finally Lee fall into she arm sobbing . they slide onto the floor . Lee 's discomfort be apparent and she face contort in a battle to tuck this emotion back away . they both breathe heavily , catch they breath . lee ( cont 'd ) I have to do it , sell . selby I be sure you do ... so , what 's gonna happen now ? Lee pull out the article and toss it in selby 's lap . lee nothin’ . it 's already over . selby be visibly relieved and pick up the article . the picture of richard mallory look out from the crease . Lee study she . hope , a emotion she be not use to , play awkwardly in she eye . she pat they dry . selby ( absorb it anew ) he would have kill you . Lee nod with share disbelief . selby shake she head . lee it have to be do . ( continued ) cr 59 . continued : ( 4 ) selby this thing 's come off ... ( be : the cast ) I can get a job . lee Nah , I be goin 's back . I have be do it since I be 14 ?! what do I care ? tell you the truth I be die to do something ?! you think yer starvin’ ? I give you all the food !? they both laugh . selby pout in sympathy and pet Lee 's hair . lee ( cont ‘d ) . I even want to before but I be just so scared of get catch . but we be straight ... . Lee stand strongly . selby look at she . now ? selby how long you gonna be go ? lee not long ... we will be fine , alright ? it 's all good now . selby nod . ext . highway - night Cars whip down the narrow southern highway . Lee 's face be make -up . she drag on a cigarette , intensely watch the car approach . not quite as fine as she have boast , but cope . she take a deep breath and raise she hand into the night . Cars whip past and disappear into the darkness . int . cadillac - night angle through the windshield of blackness . branch momentarily illuminate then whip from view as the car pass . reverse to will , a heavy set older man at the wheel . Lee sit next to he . her eye move around nervously . she be ramped up . he eye she greedily as they slow to a stop . will you get a wet pussy ? he start rub himself . ( continued ) cr continued : lee yeah of course . will you like to fuck ? lee sure , but let 's get this out of the way here . money first ... let 's see it . will Jesus , you would think nobody would ever talk '' dirty to you before . lee yeah ... no , I just like to settle . they look at ' each other for a beat . will you wanna call I daddy while I fuck you ? lee I will try . why , you like to fuck you kid ? will be horrify . will what ? lee nothin 's ... I be just play with you . seriously , I wanna call you daddy . daddy . see ? I do it all the time . he slowly warm . he flip through he wallet and pull out two twenty . angle through the windshield as he struggle to undress . will forty dollar ? lee yeah forty . what do you think ? this be some good shit here . lee ( cont 'd ) okay fine . why do not you take you pants off ? 60 . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) will you wanna suck it too ? lee that 's ... she fall silent , suddenly lose interest in she own shtick . will come on you take yours off ! Lee be freeze . lee hang , on . will start jerk off . push in on lee . she stare ahead without blink . finally she take a breath , get it together and '' unbutton she coat . she tuck it away into she bag ... - will I will bet you be real sweet , huh . i’1l bet you can not get enough - ... she come up with the gun . crack ! he slam against the door , he face lock in a grimace of shock . crack ! ext . cadillac - night the door open and will spill , half naked out to the ground . lee crawl over the seat and look down in amazement . his body begin jerk in the throw of death . still conscious , he gurgle in question . lee empty the barrel into he chest , try to stop the convulsing . momentarily repulse , Lee sit back in the seat . lee ( light ) you nre a child molester . child molester . Fucking child molester . 62 . a ext . wood - later Lee stand next to the car smoking a cigarette and study the body out of the corner of she eye . stub out she cigarette , she move towards he and pull out he wallet . it 's full of money . she flip through business card , reciept and pull out a photo . lee ha ! she hold a photo up to the corpse . the school photo show a smile young girl . lee ( cont 'd ) what be that man ? see ? Lee toss the wallet into the car and stare at he . her emotion be all over the place but she breathes herself into a calm and begin to undress . ext . highway - night the cadillac barrel by . tr int . cadillac - continuous Lee smoke a cigarette , hum to herself , try to whistle and check the road and car dial . int . motel room - night selby lay in bed watch television . sitcom laugh track and stupidly chipper quip roar from the set . the cadillac peel in outside . selby look out the window and sit up hopefully . Lee fly in the door . lee hey ... so you need some money ? selby yeah ? lee oh , alright ... she toss a handful of cash towards selby . slow motion of the bill cascade down on selby . she look cr around wondrously . selby Holy ... ( continued ) 63 . continued : she start laughing . tc lee no problem ? Lee start stuff thing from she pocket into a box . selby ( concerned ) it be okay ? lee yeah . it be fine . look . I be unna wash up . Lee go into the bathroom . selby there 's 's hundred of dollar here ?! lee ( 0.s. ) I know ... I tell you . I '' good . selby oh my god ... ct selby grip it to she with joyous relief . after a beat she eye drift up to the cadillac with confusion . look back to the money , she flip through it . the bathroom door knob turn in selby 's hand but it 's lock . the shower turn on inside . selby ( cont 'd ) ... Lee ? lee ( 0.s. ) hang on , baby . I gotta wash up here . selby oh. hey ... where would you get the car ? a long beat pass . selby tense . lee ( 0.s. ) remember Thomas ? I be out on 95 so I call he to pick I up ? he let I borrow it so we can move ... selby tc ( happily distract ) we ‘’re move ? ( continued ) cr 64 . continued : ( 2 ) 4 lee ( 0.s. ) yeah , fuck this place , right ? selby oh man . can we get a big place with a kitchen ? int . motel room - bathroom - continuous Lee wash she hand in the sink . she laugh to herself . lee whatever you want baby . whatever you want . stand up , Lee look in the mirror with a smile . her head cock curiously as she take herself in . widen to reveal she naked body cover in blood . Lee take it in with unphaze curiosity : after a beat she step into the shower . the steaming spray hit she body . blood spiral into the drain . lee watch . Water stream down she cheek . bileen ( v.0o . ) life be so strange . it 's hard , but it 's also funny how thing can be so different than you might think . various shot of she wash she body . rileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the first time I realize that I remember thinkin’ it be sad . every year the 4 - h club would set up a big carnival in my neighborhood and right smack in the middle of it ... int . motel room - later selby sit look at the cash . aileen ( v.0 . ) ... be this beautiful , gigantic ferris wheel that light up in the night sky . as a kid , I think it be about the coolest thing I would ever see . they call it the monster . ( continued ) 65 . continued ? the bathroom door open and Lee step out with a towel on . steam linger out after she . she wink at selby and jump into the cash next to she . aileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) all summer I would sit in my bedroom window and watch it turn , just dream of what it would feel like to ride on . Lee scoops up a handful of bill and extend they to selby . lee ( quiet ) it 's all yours . selby take the money . her tense expression calm into wonder . Lee flop back onto the bed . selby study she peaceful face and relax . it can not be . selby start neatly stack the bill . Lee light a cigarette and watch she . aileen ( v.o. ) I think for sure it would feel like fly . so when I be old enough , after year of think about it I finally get my chance . ext . daytona beach - night the light and sign of the bustling nightlife blur past . aileen ( v.0 . ) I will tell you , I wait in line all day and I have never be so excited since , but sure enough ... int . cadillac - continuous Lee grip selby 's hand . selby look out the window . they belonging be pile high behind they . the front seat be line with fast food bag . Close on selby . the neon color reflect from she face as she watch the world drift by . aileen ( v.0 . ) I be so nauseous and scared I throw up all over myself before it even make a full turn . selby 's hand wave out the window . after a beat she return to she burger . she smile at Lee as she chomp it down . 66 . cr int . the last resort - night they sit in the corner . Lee be really drunk , refill they glass from a pitcher . selby sip hers . aileen ( v.0 . ) and that 's what I mean . in my life it 's always be the harmless stuff that hurt the most .. selby look away , distract . a group of biker laugh at the bar . selby smile along . aileen ( cont 'd ) +.- and the thing so horrible you can not even imagine it be usually a lot easier than you think . Lee watch they slightly more aggressively . aileen ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) . you never really know until you be the one stand there . int . mervyn' style outlet store - day ct selby 's wrist , pink from the freshly remove cast : be adorn with gold bangle and turn with the thrill of movement . three way mirror selby admire a new look that can only be describe as ghetto lesbian fabulous : head to toe in man 's sport apparel top with ostentatious fake gold jewelry . Lee sit next to a overflow shopping cart in the bored husband chair . she watch with intense satisfaction . selby pull off a necklace , scrutinize it and walk away . Lee track the pass customer . a man near and she smile at he coldly , knowingly . he look away . jewelry counter a uptight manager hand a clerk a cash tray and they walk away . selby rush over and toss the necklace down . selby tr this one 's too heavy ... she notice a line of personalize name plate pendant . ( continued ) 67 . continued : cr selby ( cont 'd ) hey , how much be that ? you get all the name ? the manager look around for someone else to help to no avail . he come around the counter to open the case . selby ( cont 'd ) do you have a lot of the s's ? someone pass with a cart . he pull she in to clear the way . from a approaching Pov we see they . his hand on selby 's arm . manager ma‘am , I think it all be easier if you just tell I you name ? the angle rush in and suddenly he be shove , hard . selby stumble back as Lee burst over she shoulder . lee take yer fuck hand off she ! flailing backward , he slam into a rack of sunglass lee ( cont 'd ) ( vicious ) why you need to know she name ? huh ?... she do not do nothing !? selby stutter to defend he but be too stunne . the manager regains he balance , raise he hand to calm she . Lee 's hand plunge into her bag . she flash a challenging smile . selby be horrify . selby have never see this Lee before . she can only muster a weak head shake . lee ( cont ’d ) ( laugh ) fuck he ask you name , right ? Lee 's eye drift down to the case then up to selby . suddenly she understand . selby shake she head weakly . Lee look away angrily then shield she embarrassment with a sneer . ct lee ( cont ‘d ) fuck this place !... ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) for F «ce nod '' let 's go '' but selby be freeze by the cart . Lee * pause uncertainly , then pull out the roll of bill with a cold and showy grin . she peel they off onto the counter . lee ( cont 'd ) ( sickeningly sweet ) _ Fine , you buy whatever you want . ( louder for show ) Cause there 's plenty more where that come from ... she spin on she heel and walk away . selby turn apologetically to the manager . he blink at she blankly . across the room , the door slam OPEN as Lee exit . selby slide the necklace away and scoops up the cash . selby I be sorry ... she 's ... she 's ... at a loss , she give up , grab she cart , rush ' toward the register . ext . mervyn' style outlet store - day t Lee stand by the door , smoking a cigarette . selby exit with a armload of bag and a apprehensive frown . Lee grab the bag and begin walk around the building . selby skip step behind she like a child . selby Lee ... he be just ask cause --— lee I do not care why !? why you fuck chit chat with everyone all the time . selby ( incredulous ) chit chat ?... you never let I talk to anyone ! lee yeah , cause you get a big mouth ... behind the store the cadillac sit park in the barren distance . selby fall back behind she . Lee curse to herself and turn to she . a {continued ) continued : lee ( cont 'd ) ct sell , hey , you be not use to this life , I know , but ... you can not be tell anyone we business . selby do not want to hear it and continue towards the car . selby why , cause you be a hooker ? so what , Lee ?! there not gonna bust you for hook at mervy -- Lee grab she by the arm , spin she back and fix she with a intense smile . lee no , because I say so . push in on selby . fear flicker into hurt . her lip quiver . Lee let she go then reach out and rub she arm with concern . lee ( cont 'd ) ( soft ) I '' sorry ... I be just try to protect ce you . selby nod through a pout and walk toward the car . Lee pick up the bag and take they to the trunk . ext . apartment - day the cadillac slowly pull in the driveway . i/e cadillac - day Lee pop the trunk and pull out the last few dollar . lee I be go out . here ... why do not you order yerself a nice pizza or something . selby take the money , climb out and go to the trunk . Lee lean out the window make nice . lee ( cont ’d ) I love you ... love ya honey . hey , I hate fighten 's ... how bout I buy ya some shoe tomorrow ? tr selby unload the bag . ( continued ) 70 . continued : selby - : awright ... selby lumber back towards the door with a weak but forgive smile as the car back out . Lee take a long drag from she cigarette . : cut to : cu on lee , slowly exhaling . widen out to see , Lee be in a passenger seat . int . bronco ~- late day gene , a burly man in a workman 's uniform , pull to the side of a wood road . Lee glance at the back of the truck and fix he with a know smile . . lee so where you like to fuck , in the back ? ( he shrug ) yeah ? I will bet you get rough back there ? he shrug again . et lee ( cont 'd ) . huh ? you like it rough ? he look at she and smile . she laugh to herself , pull she bag close and reach inside . lee ( cont 'd ) yeah ... quiet type , huh ? I know the type . you be the kind who can get real nasty ... ( cold ) why do not you say it , though . tell I ... he grip the wheel and smile . her jaw set . her hand slowly move around and settles . gene I ... I ... lee cat get yer tongue ? gene ( softer - spit it out ) I ... d-d - d - do not like it rough . a embarrassment flash across he face . he look away . Lee take he in . a quiet beat pass . ( continued ) 71 . continued : lee ( quieter ) so what do you like ? gene 's mouth struggle to produce word and finally he just shrug . he look away in shame , fumble in he jacket pocket and pull out he wallet . gene I not - I never do this before . b-b-b- but I get ... he give 'up and show it to she . there be plenty of money . Lee drag on she cigarette , she eye drift up to he . she nod . lee why do not you take off you pants . Lee 's right hand stay in the bag . she crush out the cigarette with she leave . he put the wallet on the dash , and pull he pants down . angle from outside - through the windshield he stare ahead nervously . she reach to she bag , and move it . then slowly , reach across he lap and begin jerk he off . : , she instantly work he into a quick frenzy of guttural grunt of pleasure . his eye squeeze shut in a awkward climax and she pull back she hand and wipe it off . his eye open and fill with shame . he smile appreciatively and pull up he pants . gene thanks . lee you be welcome . he grab he wallet and extend it . she pull out a twenty and wink . ext . highway - night a Ford F - 150 slow to the shoulder . a aging hick lean to the window . Lee climb in and the truck pull away . lee ( 0.s. ) thanks for the ride . ( continued ) 72 . continued : £ cr hick ( 0.s. ) I will give you a ride if you will give I one . lee ( o.s. ) yeah ? you like it rough ? the tail light disappear into the darkness , follow by the familiar crack ! int . apartment - bedroom - night selby bolt up in bed . the tiny bedroom be dark . she look at the clock . it 's 5:22 be . music softly drift from the other room . livingroom . swiss Army scissors carefully cut a square out of a newspaper . Lee lean drunkenly on a coffee table line with beer can . she clip the article out and place it on top of other . tc the two -room apartment be decorate with a assortment of fake furnishings : cardboard box table , cinder block shelf , lamp with colorful fabric drape over they . selby lean in from the bedroom . Lee grab the article and try to stuff they subtly into she pocket but she drunkeness exaggerate the fumble movement to anything but . selby squint at she obliviously . selby ( sleepy ) when have you get in ? lee hey ... hey sugar ... lil while ago . you wanna beer ? selby ( laugh a yawn ) no ... be not you come to bed ? cr Lee look up with almost painful joy . lee in a minute . ( continued ) 73 . continued : # ( 7 selby nod , shrug and return into the bedroom . Lee reach and miss she beer , then pick it up . she laugh , near tear as if absorb a beautiful thing . she hum emotionally with the radio as she take a long swig . int . apartment - day Lee lay motionless on the couch , the article still hang half out of she pocket . angle on selby look down at she . she be dress . selby ( whisper ) Lee ... Lee ... she look around at the livingroom . heavy drape be draw and it be dark . she lean to the window and pull one back . lee no ... ct selby pull it shut . Lee fall back to sleep . selby crouch t next to she . selby Lee ?... Lee ... Lee do not move . ext . apartment - day selby sit on the stair , shield she eye from the light . int . drug store - day selby enter the site of she " theft '' and look around . she be dress as she be in mervy n's . customer and employee mill around . in the distance , Justine lean over a magazine at the photo counter . photo counter she flip a fashion page with a laugh , and look up . selby stand there smile . selby ct hey , ' member I ? Justine flash mock disapproval . ( continued ) 74 . continued : 5 tr justine candy bar . selby yeah . listen , I come to pay you back . I ... I never do stuff like that . she touch the cross around she neck for proof . selby ( cont 'd ) I be just out of my mind hungry . I would break my arm , see , and could not work . Justine smile , amused . selby hand she a twenty . justine 1 do not think it be that much . selby whatever . you be real nice about it . Justine check out she new appearance with a flirtatious smile . selby tense with confusion then smile self - consciously . she t linger awkwardly . int . apartment - late day '' cU Lee . she lay on the kitchen floor , dress and intently stare under the fridge . off screen the door jangle open and she jump up . selby come in the door with grocery . lee hey ! where be you ? selby out . what nre you do ? selby put the bag on a bar link the kitchen and livingroom . lee there 's a mouse down there . selby stumble back . her face tense with fear . Lee laugh . selby cr do you get it ? lee no . it 's just a little mouse . look at they . ( continued ) 75 . continued : she pull selby into the kitchen and they both lean down ft under the fridge . . angle under the fridge . a tiny mouse sit trap in the corner . selby get up and brushes herself off . selby ew ... kill it . lee ( sad ) no , he 's just a poor little mouse . he 's so scared ... do you get any cheese ? selby look down at Lee , who squeek to the mouse . selby ughh ... no . but I do get ... a job . Lee smile disappear . she get up . selby unpack grocery . lee what ? why ? the selby because ... we need the money . lee but I just give you money . selby well , see now it 's go ... besides , I want my own money so I can do stuff ... lee like whadda you wanna do ? selby Travel . get a a.car - a permanent car ... go to six flag . lee I will take you to six flag ! she pull out she money desperately but it 's only a few dollar . lee ( cont ' D ) I mean , not now , but ... ( continued ) 76 . continued : ( 2 ) cr selby that 's not even just the point , Lee . I wanna ... get outta here . Lee 's face drain white with panic . selby ( cont 'd ) no , not leave . just on a regular basis . selby crack open a beer and walk over to the couch . Lee be out of she mind . she grab a beer , storm into the bedroom and slam the door . int . drug store - day selby push a mop across the floor . beneath she smock she be deck out in she coolest butch attire and do she best to walk with a swagger . she glance over at the register . Justine ring in a customer . Justine look over he shoulder and make a face . store room Justine , selby and two other employee sit around on fold chair smoking cigarettes and eat junk food . selby be in tr heaven and almost mimic Lee to a tee . they all listen with wide eye grin . selby «.. so boom I '' like , no way motherfucker , and I flip he chair over , throw he stuff around and storm out . they all laugh . selby ( cont 'd ) yeah , who want a office job anyway ... fuck office job ... you know ? justine ( delighted ) what no he do ? selby nothing ... not one thing . photo counter - night selby and Justine lean over the photo counter flipping through photograph . selby be truly enjoy it . ( continued ) fr 77 . continued : justine «+. that 's my brother . he 's awesome . track star . um and this be all of we . selby good look family . justine ( blushes ) yeah ? well , we be super tight . as soon as I finish dental assistant school I be gonna move closer . selby yeah that 's nice . I miss my family . justine do not you ? I too . and my friend ... my church . everything about home really . '' selby nod , sentimental . justine ( cont ’d ) ( nodd to a old photo booth ) oh -- do Chris show you the trigger ? selby shake she head . ext . photo booth - night the curtain pull shut . a flash go off . fade to black . a black and white photo strip still of selby and Justine . laugh . it fade int . photo booth - night they sit close together and laugh at they performance . a flash jump to : a series of fading shot they make funny face . they almost jump out of the seat . selby grin . Justine kiss she on the cheek . selby and Justine look at each other . selby and Justine touch lip in a innocent kiss . 78 . tc live action they pull back . selby lean in again , push for more . Justine 's lip remain close but willing . they pull apart . Justine blushes . selby laugh . selby well that 's pretty cool . justine yeah ... the trigger 's great . Works on most of this old one . they laugh awkwardly . justine ( cont 'd ) okay ... one last time ? Justine pull back the curtain . lee stand behind it . intense and strangely dress . they both leap with fright . Lee hold a different photo strip of they . selby push past ct Justine , who be motionless , and nervously jump to Lee . selby ( slightly upset ) hey ... she be just show I the machine . ( to Justine ) this be Lee ... my girlfriend .. Justine 's face fall in fear . she slowly slide out . Lee extend she hand intensely . Justine take it . lee Teaching my girlfriend a few thing ? Justine avert she eye downward . dried blood peek out from under Lee 's sleeve . Justine let go : quickly . Lee pull back she arm defensively . selby do not notice but laugh nervously and hover in front of the photo slot . Justine walk back towards the photo counter and selby pull Lee along . selby what be you do here ? ( continued ) 79 . continued : cr lee I be pick you up . or if you be not off ... we can just hang out . selby look at she watch then look around . justine ( try to sound casual ) oh , denny 's go but I be the manager after hour , so , go ahead . lee - yer the manager ? Justine nod . Lee leer at she . tower over she . lee ( cont ’d ) hmmm . so you do not mind if I borrow some stuff ? selby no -- Lee . lee what ? she 's the fuck manager ? and yer obviously so buddy buddy . selby be mortify and begin pull on she sleeve . selby no , I have get money ... Lee lock eye with Justine . Justine be terrify . lee I do not need you money ! besides , she do not mind . Lee walk toward the freezer and pull out a six pack . selby shrug apologetically at Justine , who nod anxiously to go . selby grab Lee by the arm and pull she out . Lee look back at Justine and smile . int . red pontiac - night Lee sit at the wheel , laugh . selby slide in beside she , angry . selby what the fuck Lee ? lee what ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : selby for why you gonna ruin my job ? lee ( explode - intense ) what the fuck be right ? what ... be that ? selby stammer . Lee 's lip quiver just as quick . she pulis out the photo and rip they up in a teary passion . lee ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) I be not good enough for you ! you want another girl now ?! selby ( defensive ) no , lee. no -- lee I do everything for you . everything ! selby I know ?! we just take some picture ! I barely even know she ... a Lee stare into she lap . tear roll down she cheek . - lee you think I be terrible . -- selby no I do not -- lee ~ ( scream ) you do ! you treat I just like everyone ! just like everyone ! and I love you ! selby ( appease ) and I love you too . Jesus ... nothing 's have happen ? Lee look up hopefully . selby force a casual grin , as if Lee be truly overreact . selby ( cont 'd ) what 's the big deal ? I can not even take a photo with my boss ? she 's my boss ?! t ~ Lee look down . selby shrug nonchalance but be tense . ( continued ) 81 . continued : # ( 2 ) lee '' I borrow a car to go to six flag . selby slide into irritation . selby great . we will go to six flag ... Jesus ... why you gotta be like that , Lee !? you embarrass I . . Lee shrug and wipe away tear . she turn over the engine . as they pull out Lee begin to cry again . int . apartment - bedroom - night the light be off . Lee and selby lay in bed . Lee sob quietly into the sheet . selby stroke she head and shush she down , but , she heart not in it . slowly , Lee 's sobbing stutter to a stop . selby lay back with a exhale of relief . int . pontiac - drive - day Lee be in the passenger seat . she force a chipper grin as if yesterday have never happen . she hold a map in front of she . selby drive . she be tired and rub she eye . t lee just go straight . selby you be sure ? lee yeah look ... or do not look . watch the fuck road ! the car swerve . selby get it back under control . Lee tense . selby roll she eye and light a cigarette . lee ( cont 'd ) so I think we should move . do not you think ? selby why ? lee Cause . we could get a house on the beach . selby that 's like ... thousand and thousand of t dollar , Lee . ( continued ) 82 . continued : : ' lee t so ... I get it cover . selby look over doubtfully . lee ( cont 'd ) I can . Cause you know what ? I have be think about it and yer right ~ we do not have enough money ! and shit , I do not want you slavin’ away at some job . so I get a plan . and it 's take care of ! 95 % ! we be movin’ to the key . drink , party , have friend over . I will even be nice . why ? Cause I get a job ! selby be you serious ? lee Dead serious . Dead serious , man . whatta you think ? selby I dunno . you be not kid I ? Lee beam . a lee I be not . like I say . 95 % to that junction , then phheww . you and I !... selby look over . Lee sober and desperately clasp selby 's hand . lee ( cont 'd ) I be ... sorry , for how thing nve be ... ( quiet - difficult ) I just love ya . and I be try real hard . but it 's not easy . nobody ever stick with I this long ... or love I , really . I be not good at it . selby 's genuinely touch . she nod . Lee perk back up . lee ( cont 'd ) but I be gettin’ better !... so we move ? selby take a cigarette . she try to light it . selby well ... we can really get a house ? how t close be you ? Lee take the lighter and strike it for she . selby lean in . ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 2 ) fi : lee Real close sell ... just a few more --- suddenly they fly forward with a a horrible crunch . selby' face smashes into the wheel . lee be throw to the floor . ext . suburban yard - same steam rise from the car . it 's lodge nose first in a ditch at the foot of a yard . i/e pontiac - continuous selby wave she hand , confuse . steam drift around she . blood trickle down she forehead . Metal wrench as the car door open . selby turn . : Lee 's eye be intense . she speak with force . lee get up ! selby slowly climb out . Lee pull she faster . lee ( cont 'd ) ( quiet but serious ) run . selby what ...? lee run sell ! Lee and selby stumble from the car , behind they a middle - aged couple rush from the house . lee ( cont ‘d ) ( light ) aww shoot . you dad 's gonna kill we . the couple run up with panicked look . wife be ya will okay ? ( continued ) cr 84 . continued : lee oh , we be fine . ( to selby ) you fine ? awww yeah , we be fine . wife I be ' onna call a ambulance . lee no ! no ! she stop . lee ( cont 'd ) shoot . we do not have insurance . I have just rather deal with this myself , you know ? . wife sure ? lee . her dad 's place be just around the block . Lee start push selby back into the car . lee ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) get the fuck in sell . go . she be confuse but slide to the passenger seat . Lee climb in beside she and pull the door shut . she try to start the car and lean out the window . the couple watch , bewilder . lee ( cont 'd ) ( to couple ) yeah . see , cost of towing and all . if I can drive she it will save we a bundle . Lee stare at the wheel , possess . lee ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) come on motherfucker . she crank the key . the engine wheeze . crank . wheeze . crank ... it roll over . Lee revs the car backwards . the couple step back . Lee wave maniacally as they miraculously roll out . ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 2 ) lee ( cont 'd ) hey ... thanks though ! Lee fall dead serious . selby stare at the road . ext . FIRE road - later the car be park on the narrow fire road . Lee kneel at the back of the car . she rip off the licence plate and shove it in she bag . she open the trunk , pull out a bottle of windex and a rag and slam it shut , spray and wipe down the car . like a pro . hold on selby , a distance away , watch . Lee approach . lee let 's go . she walk into the wood , but selby do not move . lee ( cont 'd ) come on sell ! now ! selby I do not wanna ... I wanna drive . lee no . we can not . selby start cry . lee ( cont 'd ) God damn it , come on . Lee rush back and grab she by the arm . lee ( cont 'd ) selby ! he 's dead , man ! he 's fuck dead . we gotta get outta here right now . Lee pull she up and start walk away . after a moment , selby follow , cry . int . apartment - bathroom - night Water splashes into cup hand . selby throw it on she face then dry off on a towel . her mouth hang open in a dry sob . int . apartment - bedroom - continuous selby enter , jerk around indecisively . she start stuff she thing into random bag , then hurl a armload of clothing down . 86 . int . apartment - live room - same for Lee sit calmly smoking a cigarette . selby enter and fix Lee with a angry glare . selby so ?... say it ! Lee stare ahead . selby break back into tear but something be a little much about it . a little dramatic . selby ( cont 'd ) say it ! * Lee look selby dead in the eye . lee what do you think ? selby slide down onto the floor . selby oh god . what have you do !? it 's all over , be not it ? they nre come ! lee t nobody 's come ... yer overreact . selby ( incredulous - shouting ) whadda you mean ? you be kill people . lee hey ! selby you can not go out kill --- selby cringe as Lee rush she , yank she up and drag she . bedroom Lee kick the door shut behind they and push selby onto the bed . she wag she finger in she face . lee God damn it , selby . keep you fuck voice down ! now listen to I ... they be not come ! selby watch she , suck back sob . Lee spin to the t closet , return with the vanity box . ( continued ) a 87 . continued : lee ( cont 'd ) I never want you in this shit sell . but I know what I be do alright ? there 's no fuck way for you to understand it all so you gotta trust I . she pull out a stack of article and put they on the bed . selby take in the plentiful stack with a moan . lee ( cont ’d ) look , they do not have one god damn thing . this shit here be long over already so they be not even look and they do not seem to give a shit in the first place ... this guy be bad news ! you see what I be say ? nobody care !? you get this rapist and killer , with ten different people want ‘em dead so they shut the book . I be do ‘em a favor ! now , beyond that I be still real careful ... ( realize - angry ) I do not exactly wanna wreck the fuck car in public ! ( calming ) but we do ... and I figure if they be gonna call the cop ... they woulda do it then , so nobody 's come after you . selby 's relieved but start cry again . selby how could you ?! lee selby , come on ... you know . selby sob into she hand , not want to face it . selby no I do not . I know about one . lee no ... but it 's the same thing . Lee watch selby sob . grow more uncomfortable by the minute , she grab the vanity case and walk out of the room . lee ( cont 'd ) alright , fuck it ... the whimsical first chord of ' sweet dream 's by patsy cline chime in from the live room . selby 's tear slow . she look over with confusion . 88. int . apartment - live room - same Lee whistle along as she grab a bottle of Jack Daniels , shot glass and a case of beer . she set they up on the coffee table and pull up a chair . lee come on in here sell ! she pour two shot . selby step into the doorway with a back pack stuff with thing . Lee nod at the shot with a smile . . lee ( cont 'd ) c'mon . we get some patsy , some drink , it 's all good in here . alright ? come on . Lee raise she glass in a toast . selby watch she , incredulous . , selby what be you do ? lee ( nonchalantly ) have a drink . cheer . selby ( yell ) this be not funny , Lee ! selby stumble toward the door . Lee block she way , suppress desperation . selby back up . lee ~- Cause you do not know what 's go on . and I do ! and I understand you wanna shut yer eye to the world . man , but the least you can do be hear I out ... cause you be dead wrong ! selby slowly take a seat but maintain the attitude of a batter innocent . Lee sit on the couch , slide selby a drink and throw back a shot . she slam she glass down with a gratify jaw clench . lee ( cont 'd ) ( struggle ) okay ... now , none of this be what you think it be . selby I know what it be -- ( continued ) cr 89 . continued : * lee no , you do not know my life !? but I know yours . man ... ( loving - emotional ) I have do everything in this whole wide world , hope you would never know . I love the way you see it !? I be jealous ! I wish so bad I could be like ya , and just not know . but I can not , sell . and as much as I hope to keep it from ya , so you could go on think people be good and kind and shit make sense . honey ... - there 's a whole lot more go on . and I be sorry . I be sorry for you . Cause now you get to know . selby no , , Lee ... lee yes sell ! yes ! you need to . selby no . we can be different as we want but I know that you can not murder people . lee say who ? selby 's finger go to the cross around she neck . Lee pour they two more shot . selby throw this one back . Lee sober . prepare the uncomfortable speech she 's give herself ten time . a wild fervor enter she eye . patsy cline 's ' just a closer walk 's come on . lee ( cont 'd ) selby , I be good with the lord ! I be fine . and I know how you be raise and how everybody think and ... fuck it have to be that way . they gotta tell you that ' thou shalt not kill 's shit and all that jazz . and , of course , you can not do it fer nothin 's ?! but that 's not the way the world work , man . nobody know what the fuck god want ?! who write the bible ? some fuck people . the fuck do they know really ? there would not be kill if it have not be create , right ? and people kill each other ... every day . and fer what ? for politics ? for religion ? and they be heroes !? no. now ... I do not ask for this but I have be dead right now . what be I suppose to do with that ? ( more ) ( continued ) cf continued : a tear well 90 . ( 2 ) , lee ( cont 'd ) if I have not kill somebody I no be dead !? would you have want that ? selby no . but that be one guy , Lee ... how many ?-- lee a lot ... I be clean up ! selby they can not all have be bad . lee they can not have be bad ? read the paper ! I be not the only one out there killin’ ... but I '' the only one killin’ they . they be just kill we wholesale . so do not feel bad , selby ! I have not hurt one person who do not flat out deserve it . I ' have have it up to here with you 's can not !... while the world decide what I will take , or die . there 's a lot of shit I can not put up with anymore . killing 's not one of ‘em . letting this guy go out and rape somebody else , be not either ... ( plead - vehement ) so open you mind and look at I ! you know I . you think I could do it otherwise ? I be not a bad person . I be a good person ! a real good person ! ls in Lee 's eye . she wipe it away and instantly shake it off with a grin . selby be stunne . her mind churn , fight against persuasion but struggle . lee ( cont 'd ) now ... I be sorry baby , for all that stuff . for you to know ... but look .... Lee flip open she vanity and flop a impressive bundle of cash on the table . selby 's jaw drop . lee ( cont 'd ) look sell ... you see what this be ? this right here be everything , everything you have ever want ?! see ? I tell you I would take care of you ! and look ... ( excited ) this here , be almost enough to buy another pressure clean unit , man ! I know you want more , I know you want the good life , so here it be ?! self employ , put all this behind we ... you think I would let the world stop I from that ?? ( more ) ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 3 ) lee ( cont 'd ) no , you be my girl !? I have get you anything you ever ask for ... be Lee smile proudly but selby stand and walk towards the door . Lee jump up with concern . selby no ... Lee , that do not make it right ? panic flash across Lee 's face . lee what ?! no , it be right ! it be right ! I just tell you ! selby no , but you be wrong . the world be a good place ... _ ( Lee shake she head ) and there be nice people out there , yes there be ! . lee no , baby ... there 's only you ... and I . selby there be lot of other way --- lee there be no other way . this be it -- selby but I get a job -~- lee make what ? you wanna live like that -- selby I do not know . I can not ... think !? selby back towards the door . Lee near . the desperation in she eye be frightening . selby tremble . Lee grab she arm . . lee there 's no where to go , sell ! I be yer home . you need I ! you need I -- selby let I go ! I be not yer prisoner ! TI gotta ... I gotta ! do not follow I ! outside '' selby run out . Lee let she go and step out behind she . she be tense with angst but she force a certain smile . ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 4 ) lee ct I be not keep you . go if you want . but " you will come , back okay ? and I 'il be here . I all be here ... I '' not mad ! I love you . ext . neighborhood STREET - night selby 's foot pound against the pavement . she pant deeply . int . drug store - night Justine stand at the register , ringing up one of the few late night customer . selby run in , panicked and messy . Justine 's eye dart up . she hide she dread as she continue ringing item . selby hover behind the customer . . selby can I ... can I talk to you ? justine ( professional ) not ... right now . can you wait outside ? ext . drug store - night tc selby crouch on the sidewalk , smoking a cigarette . Justine come out with a frown . selby get up , smile with the relief of companionship . Justine be apprehensive and return no warmth . justine what be you ... do here ? selby hey , I , oh , I just need to talk to someone . justine well , I be work ?! selby no , I know , I be sorry ... I be just freakin out and i. need ... a friend . justine yeah , I hardly know you though . selby be take aback , but try to recover with a smile . cc selby t no , yeah ! yeah , I know but since ... I feel a connection with you . ( continued ) be cr 93 . continued : selby nod , refer to the kiss . Justine force smile evaporate and she look around self - consciously . selby ( cont 'd ) --.and , I do not know ? thing be real bad with my girlfriend . I be ... we might be break up . justine ( laugh - incredulous ) I '' not gay , alright ? that be just play around - I think you be nice . selby keep up the smile but be suddenly lose . selby oh ... no , right I know but I mean friend . like friend ... justine umm - hmmm . well , I mean , I do not know - what the problem be but I can not ... look , I '' a Christian and the manager , and I do not know if you misunderstand with the candy bar but I can not be involved with whatever it be you be ... '' into '' here . I can not ... I do not think you should work here . I be sorry . selby be completely floor . Justine be truly afraid and back away from she . selby no ... no , I be not ... I ' 1ll pay you back . justine I do not want you to pay I back . just please , do not come here . selby ( fall apart ) but I have get nowhere to go ... Justine throw she hand up as if shield a oncoming attack from a savvy con artist , or stalker . justine oh my gosh , I do not even know you ... just please , leave I alone ! selby nod , but she jaw set into a emotional and angry glower of embarrassment . Justine hurry inside . selby look around and the cold and empty street . 94 . ext . ridgewood blvd . - night cu selby , walk down the street . her eye be red from cry and dart around nervously . siren moan in the distance . group of the malcontent that use to seem . so exotic , leer at she with menace . a junkie step in pace with she , ask for a light . she rush away in fear . phone booth selby clutches the handset , and look nervously behind she . she dig through she change then look at she watch and begin slamm the phone against the booth . int . apartment - night selby step in the door . she be calmer , different . Lee sit on the couch like a worried parent . she smile with nervous hope . lee hi baby ... selby sit down across from she and light a cigarette . for beat they smoke and look at eachother . selby so how long this gonna take ? Lee wash with thankful relief . lee no , time baby . we nre almost there . selby good . I wanna go now . lee okay , tomorrow . tomorrow , I all get a car . selby nod . Lee reach out . selby take she hand and let herself be pull onto the couch . Lee squeeze she ' tight . selby turn into she and bury she face in Lee 's chest . Lee look up with glaze of power and victory , and shush she with a sweet soothing voice . ext . apartment - dawn cr the sun peek up over the darken apartment . 95 . ext . truck stop - day " truck gas up , people mill around . selby ( 0.s. ) I do not know if it 's right , or it 's wrong , but ... I do not care anymore . int . truck stop diner ~- day a waitress slide a plate of food under selby 's smile face . she be deck out in she showiest clothing . selby I be gay . and we life be great . she love I , I love she , it all work out . reverse to Debbie . she smile beatifically yet exude concern . : selby ( cont 'd ) . so I just want you to pass that alon to my dad and tell everyone we be do fantastic , and not to worry ... debbie e mam - hmmm ... well . I know it 's not what they want to hear ...- selby what !? that I '' happy ? debbie no ... that yer choose to go this way . selby I be not choosin’ . this be just how I be and I do not feel bad about it anymore ... tell he that too . debbie selby ... you father love you . I do not know what give you the impression that he do not want you happy . that 's precisely what we worry about . selby well , then there 's no problem . debbie not now but ... I know you all romantic ct about this girl . you probably think she 's wild and interesting . I be young once too but ... ( more ) ( continued ) t continued : debbie ( cont 'd ) screw up people be who they be for a reason . and they be better leave alone . ' now , I be not talk about be bear a nigger or -- selby ( embarrassed - whisper ) do not say nigger , Debbie ! debbie what , I be say it 's not they fault ?! the black or whatever you want to say . selby , you know I be not racist ! ( distract ) but ... my point be , most of this other people have make some bad choice , and they pay for they ? all this miserable street people . so we just worry to see you choose this life for yourself too . the gay life . selby + no , it 's not that simple ! and you do not know she ? she 's have a real bad life . debbie ( chuckle condescension ) honey , lot of people have bad life and choose to move towards the light . otherwise we no all be hooker and druggy ' cause we get yell at or have a mean mom . ' you know ? selby no . it 's not that simple ... look , I do not wanna hear this okay ? that 's the point ! debbie okay , fine ... but , believe I , as you get older all you will want be a roof over you head , even if you have to sleep with a man to get it . selby well that 's not what I want . debbie okay , fair enough . just know that we love you and still want you back ... selby well , that 's not gonna happen , because I disagree . we be good with the lord cause we be real good people ! 96 . 97 . a ext . wood - day Lee , walk through the wood with a menacing smile . evan boltin , a late 40s clean - cut military type , walk behind she . evan be we go on a hike ? where you head ? Lee stop and spread out a blanket . lee _ this be fine . evan the car be fine . Evan undoe he belt . Lee look around . the wood be empty . lee : not when you have a gun in it !? Evan be surprised but shrug defensively . evan so ? lot of people have gun ... tr you go to undress or what ? lee you first . you think I trust you now ? Lee light a cigarette . he slowly undress . lee ( cont 'd ) ( nod to he wedding band ) you be marry ... I do not get that . you like to do dirty thing to girl instead of just fuck you wife . why , so you can rape ‘em ? evan no! good lord . she nod . laugh . lee man , man ... I fuckin hate they . I mean there 's a few good one but not guy like you ... fuck '' john . '' Evan shrug uncomfortably . C evan well ... then why be you a hooker ? ( continued ) 98 . continued : cr . I be not . vee Evan look confuse . lee ( cont ’d ) I do not fuck man ! I do at one time . ( laugh ) . I mean I do a lot actually . most of the time against my will you know ? shit , I have be fuck man since I be 8 year old ?! evan oh , good God . Evan , now in he sock and underwear , slowly grab he pants . Lee continue causally . lee yeah , man . this old man rape I when 's I be 8 . my dad 's friend . not one person believe I . so he keep raping I ... for year . and my dad beat I up for it . a Evan pull he pants back on . lee ( cont 'd ) where you go ? evan I be not ... I be sorry for you . but if you want a ride you would better come on . lee I do not need a ride . I be takin 's you car . Evan freeze , now he 's scared . Lee pull out the gun . lee ( cont 'd ) ( the other Lee ) what , you piece of shit you think I be stupid enough to go back to you car with you , motherfucker ! huh ? he step back . they eye meet . evan t-t-take it . here . he reach in he pocket . ( continued ) t~ 99 . continued : ( 2 ) she fire . he 's hit in the hip and fall back . key clutch in he hand . the other grip he hip in pain . he look up in horror . evan ( cont 'd ) please . lee do not say fuck please to I ! you think you would have mercy if the shoe be on the other foot motherfucker ? he 's a deer catch in the headlight . she 's frustrated . angry . he 's give she nothing . lee ( cont ‘d ) huh ? you do not have nothing to say do you , motherfucker !... say somethin’ ! Lee clenches she tooth , but she 's uncomfortable . try to work it up . cu Evan . panic in he eye . he can not move . she walk up on he with purpose . evan no ... crack ! crack ! he fall back . crack ! crack ! crack ! click . Lee lower the gun . she lean down and reach in he pocket . his eye be OPEN . they roll , then lock on her . she shove he over . pull the wallet out of he back pocket and leave . track with Lee . there be no joy . no satisfaction . just bittersweet anger . aileen ( v.0o . ) Victor borne ... that be he name ~ my dad 's friend . some friend . rape you daughter . but my dad be loyal to he . I will give ‘em that much . so much for justice . one night , after year have go by , I know I be gonna have to kill he . Lee reach the clear and approach a Dark Blue Chrysler . ( continued ) c tr 100 . continued : ( 3 ) aileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have a plan and a knife . I know he be come to dinner so I go to he house and hide outside in the bush . I be so ready and so fill with hate , but when he finally step out he look so big and I feel so small and ridiculous that I lose my nerve . she unlock the car , toss she bag in and open he wallet . aileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I could not do it . just watch he walk away . go home and eat dinner with he . Mom yell at I for be rude when he ask I for the salt . she pull out a 10 and some single with a frown . flip on . a portrait style photograph of Evan and he wife . she 's in a wheel chair . they smile happily . his eye , loving and warm . Lee 's jaw set , she do not want to see this . aileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) year later , when I find out he have die in a car . accident , I be overjoy . it be like God finally strike he down for all he evil . I love it . she flip through the plastic sleeve . page after page of photo and souvenir replace credit card . aileen ( cont 'd ( cont 'd ) know you can not get away with you shit forever . sooner or later it all catch up with you . the last page turn . ecu a silver policeman 's badge Lee 's jaw fall slack , she breath quick with adrenaline . she look to he car . panic turn to fury . lee mother fucker ! int . bucking horse motel room - night Lee and selby 's belonging be stack by the door . selby fidget in front of the television . the news be on . ( continued ) 101 . continued : lee ( 0.s. ) sellllll ... selby go to the door . ext . bucking horse motel - continuous Lee stand in the middle of the parking lot . the door open and she walk in . selby hey ?! where 's the car ? Lee throw she bag down . lee it get all fuck up . be that everything ? selby yeah . what 's wrong ? lee fuck ! we get beer ?... I think we should just go , man ? a hand she one . Lee snap it open and throw it back . selby how ? lee take the bus ! fuck it . we get enough money . selby we do ? lee no , but whatever , man . I will hook down there . selby no ... Lee , no ! we can not take we shit with we on the bus and ... this be not what you say . lee well , I do not have one !? selby so , you say you would get one . Lee shake she head and sit on the bed . ( continued ) 102 . continued : tc lee I just ... I can not right now . selby so we will wait ? lee : no ... - no , we gotta go . selby Lee , what happen ? lee . Fucking cop man ! selby what !? lee the guy ... I be not even gonna do it but he have a fuck gun so ... I pop he . sure enough , he 's a fuck cop ! selby oh , Lee ?! a lee no , he 's some sort retire thing but still I can not take he fuck car ! if it 's cop car man they have that ... shit ... tracking device . selby Holy shit . lee mother fucker . try to fuck trick I into he fuck car , man . what be I gonna do ? you see what I be say ? this fuck asshole . selby Lee , keep it down ! Lee flop back on the bed . selby look around scared . selby ( cont 'd ) then you gotta go get one , right now . Lee 's face tighten . she sigh . tc selby ( cont 'd ) oh , no . yer not change you mind on I now be you ? this be you plan ? ( continued ) tr cr continued : ( 2 ) lee but it ... it ... selby no , I do not wanna hear it Lee ! no more . do not tell I this shit . this be not my deal and you know that ... but you say you know what you be do ? now we be go . House on the beach , self - — employee , you say ! lee - okay . selby then get up ! and go get we a car , right now ... or I be leave . after a moment , Lee sit up next to selby . lee alright ... just hang on a sec . 103 . Lee stare at the floor . desperation and fear on she face . selby see the crack in the veneer . Lee grab selby I be scared Lee ... she hand and muster up she courage . lee ( whisper ) no baby ... do not be scared , it 's fine ... it 's fine ... okay ... what room be this ? selby 17 . lee alright , I will be back soon , be not no thang ... selby nod . Lee get up . selby Lee , be they gonna freak out about the cop thing ? lee no , no ... it 's no big deal ... it 's fine . selby do not look so sure . ' 104 . a ext . bucking horse motel ~ night Lee stand on the corner with she hand on she hip . she watch the car pass . her brow , knit with worry . her hand fly to she face . she quickly walk away and tuck behind a dumpster in the alley . she struggle to breathe it together . int . the last resort - night Thomas sit at the bar . Lee be next to he , plow through beer and shot and try hard to look happy . on the wall behind they a television play roseanne . thomas well that all sound real good . Hell , I be proud of ya . sound like yer do well . . lee . yeah ... yeah , thanks I be . but I want to say bye . you be the only real frien 's I have here ' side my girl . 's Thomas 's eye flash pity , but he toast with a smile . thomas it 's a honor , Lee . I thank you fer 6 sayin ' so . : she laugh . the bitter taste of shame pass . lee yeah right ... thomas hey ! I be serious . girl like you 's have a rough time . it meayn a lot to get in yer heart and be call a friend by you . Lee look into she lap . lee pfffff ... yeah ? Thomas study she with concern . thomas ya will right ? lee oh shit ... I juss get -- tr Lee choke into tear but instantly stop they , look up . Thomas lean in with concern . Lee laugh uncomfortably . ( continued ) t a continued : he do not 105 . 's lee ( cont 'd ) aw it 's nothin 's ... it 's nothin 's ... you and exception though Tom . a lot a people think I be just a bad ... shitty person . ( laugh ) just fer ... I do not know . how I have ... have to live . it 's not the greatess thing but ... that 's my life , you know ? ( anger ) I just get so fuck mad cause I be just try to ... survive -- thomas awww ... do not do it to yerself . lee -- I want to talk to ya , cause I thin about you guy at war , you know ? . thomas ( sincere ) I know exactly ! but she take interest . thomas ( cont 'd ) Lee ... I know what cha do for a live . I like you with all that knowledge ' cause I know you do not dial that job up on the phone . that 's where ya land ! that 's what you have to do !.. what 'cher talk ' bout there 's guilt for thang you can not control . you know how many of we come back from nam darn near kill ourselves over what yer feel right now ? lee aww , yeah ? thomas yeah ... you feel bad about yerself fer do thing that be '' wrong '' when you never have a choice about it ... ( excited ) you have to do it ! Act ! react ! grab yer gun ! Spot the target ... ( shout ) move ! move ! move ! maybe you do shoot cher friend in the back , but you do not see they 's ! you could not pull they out ! have to leave they 's ! that 's life ! ( calming ) ( more ) { continued ) continued : ( 2 ) thomas ( cont 'd ) now see what yer doing nothing ... but the same . a 106 . he use to seem eccentric , but now Lee 's right there with he . she nod as the wheel turn . lee +.. it be the same . _ thomas yer survive . think on yer foot ! take what you get ! face the heat ! thrive to survive ... they can not - understand ! no one . bottom line be , they do not get circumstance . lee yeah ... circumstance . you know I feel that way ... like I never get a choice but to live or die . and I want to live , so I have to live . behind they , roseanne be interrupt by news 10 ~ a news caster follow . live card . the corner graphic read '' manhunt '' . then cut to evan boltin . tc thomas that 's right . gotta live ! it aint 1003 but you can not think about that . hey , also , that man ?... they do not have to there ? that 's they own choice . they enlist ... one by one , the face of lee' victims begin to screen . lee man , you fuck hit the nail on the head . yer exactly fuck right ... tom who know if it could be different ? nobody ! be flash on the Lee 's work up steam . she finish a jd on the rock and throw back she beer chaser . lee man , okay ... okay . Tom ... I be gonna hit it . sorry to rush out on ya . tf thomas you wanna ride ? ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 107 . lee a Nah . I be stayin 's right here . round here . push in past Lee onto the television . as we get closer the volume increase . visual cut between photo of the victim , they car , and the crime scene . thomas well , Lee . I all sure miss see you around . if you come back up this way I wish you would stick yer head in . I would like to know yer alright . news caster ++- which we report a few week ago . earlier today the broward County Police announce that they believe the hunt be on for a serial killer . six homicide involve male victim find off of local florida highway , be now believe to be related . pull out to : int . bucking horse motel room - continuous selby be breathe into she hand , near hysterical . she rock back and forth on the edge of the bed . newscaster ... they have ask that people use extreme caution when travel alone and strongly advise against pick up any hitchhiker at this time . anyone with any information about this crime be urge to come forward in a effort to save more life . selby c’mon Lee ... c' mon ... ext . last resort - night Lee walk away from the bar . she 's drunk but drive . she head towards a highway on -ramp . int . the last resort - same Thomas finish he scotch . the news continue behind he . he check the air and the bartender nod . he 's proud of he talk and play through it with a smile . it fade as he begin listen . he turn , and slowly limp closer and squint up at the set . ( continued ) ct 108 . continued : newscaster the police have issue very little information about the suspect but in a warning issue earlier they alert traveler that the perpetrator could possibly be a hitchhiker or prostitute . ext . highway - same a thin and nervous man peer out of a car . Lee squint back bleary , size he up . he smile . rain fleck off the car . . lee nahhh man ... get outta here . he look reject . she stumble away . Lee stand a little too close to the road and stare into the on come traffic . she raise she hand sporadically but look confuse . the rain 's pick up . a volvo slow . Lee wave it off angrily then try to light a cigarette . the paper wet with raindrop . she strike she lighter again and again . int . coupe do ville - same humphrey rohrbach , heavyset early 50' , drive carefully through the rain . am radio hiss through a sport talk program . he squint through the windshield . he Pov Lee throw the cigarette down angrily and look up as the car pull over . he roll down the window . Lee stumble in and stare . he smile . humphrey ma’am , you in need of some assistance ? she nod and reach for the handle and she climb in . int . coupe do ville - moving ~ same she smile drunkenly . he frown with concern and pull away . humphrey be you okay ? lee awww yeah ... you get any beer in here ? humphrey no mar ’am , I do not drink ... you need a phone ? ( continued ) cr 109 . continued : lee naaahhh just wherever you goin 's ... Lee fiddle through the bag with slow , clumsy effort . she produce the tatter photograph of the blonde child and shove it at humphrey . lee ( cont 'd ) this here my kid ... they be down in Miami and I be try just make some money get down there 'o get they ... humphrey be confuse . he 's not a ' john . 's humphrey be they okay ? Lee be confuse . lee yeah ... they be fine . I be just try to make a few dollar get down there if you wanna help I ... help I out ... humphrey be unsure of the right thing to do . lee ( cont 'd ) or I ... I help you out you know ? humphrey ( genuine concern ) be everything okay with you , mar 'am ? Lee stare at he for a long beat then get the picture and look away . humphrey ( cont 'd ) if you need some help I will see what I can do to get you back to you kid . but maybe you need a place to stay or a shower and some warm clothes ? we get we son 's room empty if you want it ... lee just let I out . humphrey I '' sorry ? lee ( shout ) pull over ! humphrey be tear but pull over . ( continued ) 110 . continued : ( 2 ) . Lee fumble with the door . humphrey ma ’am I can not let you out here ... Lee swing it open and start to climb out but have only one of the handle to she bag . the other side flip over and its content spill into the car . humphrey ( cont 'd ) +.. the car can barely see you -- the gun , fall across the seat , land at humphrey 's foot . they both freeze , stare at it . agony contort Lee 's face . he slowly pick it up with he finger . she lean in , . grab it and pull the door shut behind she . her hand wrap tightly around it . her head roll against the seat in confusion . humphrey ( cont ’d ) ( fear creep in ) ma’am ... you in some ... she point the gun at he . her face contort like a et apologetic child . lee just drive . he nod , put it in gear and roll back into the road . ext . truck stop -~ night the phone booth be light up in the night . Tom limp toward it from he car . Inside he grab the receiver in panic , click the cradle and drop in a dime . int . kitchen - night a police detective sit at a kitchen table . reverse to the husband and wife whose yard they wreck into . the wife stare at a composite and hand it to the detective . wife yeah . that 's exactly right . C ext . truck stop ~ night Thomas be upset . he hold the phone to he ear . ( continued ) lll . continued : thomas ( nothing ? how bout in Port Orange ?... be 's you sure you be spellin it W , U , 0 , R , N ...? int . coupe do ville - day humphrey drive . fear in he eye . the car shake as they roll through thick wood . people banter happily back and forth on the am radio Lee stare ahead , tooth clench , try to find it . she turn off the radio . humphrey ( quietly ) you do not have to do this . Ill give you ... the car . you can have it . lee shut up !... here , pull over . she be significantly more sober . they pull to a stop and sit in silence . humphrey there 's nothing we can not fix ... c lee shut the fuck up . get out . he climb out with he hand up . Lee step out the other side . beneath the thick cover , only the occasional heavy drop fall through create a cacophony of sound around they . she train the gun on he and walk around to the side of the road . humphrey ( fraritic tear ) the key be in there . my wallet 's on the seat ... Lee choke back a delirious sob and slowly shake she head . lee ( waver ) get down ... climb down onto he knee , arthritis slow he movement . humphrey t no mar ‘am , no mar 'am , no ... you do not have to do this , you do not ... ( continued ) 112 . continued : _ lee cr shut the fuck up ! shut up ! she step behind he . raise the gun to he head . it waver . she cringe through heavy heave of breath . lee ( cont ’d ) I - can not ... humphrey you do not have to ... you be just have a hard time -- lee no ! I can not let ya ... I can not letcha live . : humphrey noooo ! we can help you ... lee - no! humphrey '' my wife -- my wife -- I have a ... daughter 's have a baby ... lee ( scream ) shut up ! cu humphrey . tear roll down he cheek , he shake . Lee stand behind he , breathe , try to find the strength . cu lee. crying . blink through they . a long beat pass . lee ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) oh god ... imsorry ... imsorryy ... she clenches she tooth . bang ! humphrey thud unnaturally onto he face . his glass skitter into the leave . Lee slowly drop to she knee , sobbing in moan through a close mouth . her cry blur into ... a 113 . int . motel room ~ morning ... selby 's . she sit on the floor against the bed . tear run down she cheek . she rock back and forth , eye 's lock onto : rough sketch of lee and selby on the television screen . the phone be next to she . she pick it up , put it down , then pick it up again . she stifles she tear and lift the receiver to she ear . ext . bucking horse motel - dawn the blue morning light fill the empty street . the hum of a telephone ringing fill the air . operator ( v.o ) hello , broward County ? voice ( v.0o . ) yeah , hello ? I be call about the sketches on the tv ? I think that 's two girl I rent a room to not long ago -- the one girl 's really brassy , kind of intimidating -- they say hang out at the last Resort over on ridgewood -- I be pretty sure the one girl call the other - debbie ( v.0o . ) aileen wuornos . that 's she name fer sher but the other girl could n've have anything to do with it . she 's a real good girl ... but I do not know she name . ext . FIRE road - dawn the car sit by the highway . the door be open . a chime beeps monotonously . a few foot away Lee be bent over like she 's be throw up . she pants , then stand , shaking it off . lee okay ... yer alright ... c‘ mon . int . thomas '’s car - morning Thomas lean into the wheel , scan the street frantically , about to lose it . he clutches a cup of coffee . ext . bucking horse motel - continuous his car coast past it . aya . int . motel room -~ morning cu television . bert & ernie sing about friendship . selby sit in the chair by the door . she have a jacket on . her eye be red . a car pull in outside the room . the engine cut off and the beeping begin as the door open . it slam shut . Lee enter . her energy be crazy . lee I get it . I get it , babe . let 's go . do you sleep , cause you gotta drive ? selby shake she head . her expression be blank . selby it 's out . lee what 's out ? what 's out baby ? selby sketch ... of we . of I . lee what ?! no ... oh my god ... oh , baby . of you ? selby nod . Lee sit down try to regroup . lee ( cont 'd ) okay ... alright . then we just gotta go . we will go to ... California , somewhere further . but now ! selby smile sadly . selby I be not go . selby nod , try to look certain , but wiping she brow and fidget nervously . Lee drop on she knee in front of she . lee no. selby no , do not do this ... not now . no , no , no , no ... we can make it . we can . selby I do not wanna . ( continued ) cr 115 . continued : lee ( crack - desperate ) why ?? selby Cause I be go back to God . Lee stare at she . wanting to see something else . * lee selby ... do not do that to I . : selby you do - I do not do anything . and what you do be not right . lee _ ( desperate anger ) no selby , no ! we talk about this ! it have to be do , you know that . selby no Lee . it do not have to be do . that be ... you do it . not I . lee ( scream ) but I have to !? selby fight to stay strong . selby no , you do not . you coulda just ... look to God . clean you life . Lee can not believe she ear . she explode . grabbing the table in front of she violently . lee fuck god ! tear mix with rage . lee ( cont ’d ) fuck God ! I do not have a fuck choice ! it be my only fuck chance in this fuck world ! in my fuck life ! ( collapse in tear ) where be God when I be fuck dyin’ ... everyday of my fuck life . where be God when I be lie in a ditch after be beat up by teenager ... rape by my fuck dad ! always ... always ... there be nothin . no god . ( more ) ( continued ) 116 . continued : ( 2 ) lee ( cont 'd ) ( dissolves into whisper ) . there be no God ... I have never have a t single chance in my life ... only you . Lee lay she head back , silent tear stream down . selby love she , want to touch she , but do not . selby ( quietly ) you have to ... forgive , Lee . lee ( forceful - desperate ) . then you forgive I ! they stare at each other . selby 's crack . selby but the world can not forgive you . lee ( desperate ) : you forgive I ! be the only one . ' Cause I forgive you . selby think about this . tf selby . but , I gotta go , Lee . we can not stay together . we be on the news ... Lee gather herself to give the futile word she 's say to every love that 's leave she . lee okay ... okay then go . you go ... go away for a while . ' til it clear up . but she 's never say this . lee ( cont 'd ) ( vulnerable - beggin ) but ... think about it ... ' Cause I can not forgive myself anymore ... come back and we will go . we can change ... together . Lee look at selby lovingly . shrug . ext . bucking horse motel - day a taxi idle in the driveway . Lee and selby stand by the door , selby can not look she in the eye . a selby - alright . well ... I will see you later . ( continued ) continued : Lee will not let it go like that . she stare at selby . her eye say everything they both know . lee ( quietly ) I love you . selby look away and sniff back a tear . lee ( cont 'd ) do not forget I . selby ( laugh ) that no be pretty hard to do . lee here , I want you to take this . she hold out a paper bag . selby look at it . selby I can not . lee take it sell ! I can not do nothin’ with it . come back ! we will spend it later . selby stare at it for a moment . then slowly take the bag . selby I gotta go . track with selby : she turn and walk to the car , she face contort with pain . Lee crumple into the doorway . selby climb into the car . hold on lee . the engine revs as it drive away . int . motel room - continuous Lee lay on the bed with the gun in she hand . in shock . under dark water - night light from a bridge distort with the current . a figure walk into view . they stand at the edge . after a beat the gun crash into the foreground and slowly sink . light glint off of the barrel . 118. int . last resort - later Lee 's trash . she head to the phone in the corner and dial from a piece of paper . at the bar , two biker watch she nonchalantly . one nod to the other and walk away . no answer . she hang it up desperately . the biker approach . biker # 1 hey , I know you ! ai not yer name Lee ? she stop and squint at he . lee nahhh man . s‘cammy . biker # 1 oh shit I be sorry . you look like this hot girl ... can I buy you a drink ? Lee stumble to the bar . he follow . lee if you want ? beer and jd . two . fr vg shit I will getcha-four ... ( to bartender ) hey two jd , two Bud 's for the lady . ( to Lee ) you come in here much ... Lee stare at the bar . the other biker walk away . the first jd arrive . Lee throw it back . a arm grab she from behind . vg jump with concern . Lee struggle to turn . thomas hold she shoulder . thomas Lee ... Lee ... lee hey Tom ! ( to vg ) this here 's my only friend . vg nod . Tom look up . the other biker rush back and stand at they other side . Thomas look at he . they look away . Tom cr know . ( continued ) 119 . continued : thomas cr ( feign joy ) : hey Lee ... how 's it go ? lee notso good . Tom -- thomas hey ... you wanna see the bbq out back ? he nod forcefully . . lee nahhhh . _ thomas no , sure ... C ’mon . he grab she and pull she with he towards the door . she protest drunkenly . . the biker watch with concern . vg should just take she now . t biker # 2 no . they do not want the trouble . anyway we need she to say something . otherwise we can not book she . vg then we be gonna lose she . biker # 2 walk away . vg sip he water . ext . last resort - yard - continuous a bbq pit burn bright red . ton of biker mill around in the moonlight . Thomas pull Lee through the crowd and stop against a wall . thomas Lee , we gotta get go ! jump the fence ! lee what ? thomas you ! jump the fence I ’1l1l pull the car -- tr biker # 2 step up nearby and pretend to watch the bbq pit . ( continued ) tf b 120 . continued : lee noo man .. I gotta wait fer mar girl . she leftme . she leff I Tom . butshee come back . ( cry - then distract ) I godda call ' ’er .. thomas ( lighter ) c'mon Lee , you not I . lee .pffff ... nahhh I gottta my girl Tom . I gottaa call ’er ... thomas ( desperate whisper ) Lee , please . lee no !... hey ! yer marry man . yooun want that . Don be like that . thomas but I like ya Lee . I really like ya . lee stop it ! Don do that ... notyou . they look at each other . he shake he head desperately but she will not get it . she pull away with disgust and stumble inside . hold on tom. devastate . he limp over to the rear window . tom' Pov Lee stumble up to the phone . she scrounge for change . vg rush up , biker # 2 hover behind she . vg gesticulates with a wide grin . she listen . vg point to the door . Lee look at it then walk towards it with a shrug . they all disappear from frame . Tom 's eye fall shut . he shake he head from side to side . suddenly siren blast outside from every direction . the biker all freeze then stampede the door . Tom struggle along with they and make he way through the bar and to the door . ext . the last resort - same he push through the mass at the door to see ... ( see be lower into a cop car . ( continued ) 121 . '' continued : . lee for I gotta call my girl ... I wanna call my girrrl .... Thomas watch she , overcome with pain . the din of voice , siren and lee be almost deafen . CUT to : silence lime green fill the frame . reverse to Lee . she sit on a cot ina orange prison uniform , down the corridor metal creak as door slide open . lee ( v.0 . ) 9455 .. I be sorry 9445 .. operator ( on phone ) okay , connect ... ringing tone . t- selby be ( on phone ) hello ? int . jail phonebooth - day Lee 's eye widen with joy . lee selby ? selby ( on phone ) hey. lee hi baby ... hi sell ... selby ( on phone ) hi ... lee oh man , it 's so good to hear yer voice . i CUT between : '' int . room somewhere - same ( continued ) c continued : selby slump in a chair . selby yeah ?... you too . Lee smile with relief . Lee wait lee |. you be back down here then ? selby yeah ... and I want to see what be _ go on . lee yeah , boy I wish you would never leave ... casue then we coulda ... but , I know where you be . I have think about it non-stop , and yeah , I just ... it be a bad day . I get that . and yer be right in a lot of way , you know ? I see that . but ... we still .. we still have a shot , baby . for a reply . selby yeah ? lee yeah ... they uh ... be alright . I be in here on a old warrant for hook so ... where be ya ? selby in a motel . lee yeah ?... Boy , I wish I be with ya . selby but , Lee , they be ask around . they be up to see my parent - ask question . lee uh , well ... I have rather not talk on the phone in here . I do not know if they .. , you know , but see , that 's some mistaken identity with anything like that . they do not have nothing . just some finger pointen 's , you know . so I should be out in a bit ... be back out . 422. ( continued ) 123 . continued : ( 2 ) selby C ( cry ) I do not know Lee . lee you do not know what ? selby why have you do it ? lee hey sell ... do what ? I be here ... I be here .for hookin 's so just ... be careful , you know . let just talk about we , here . selby I can not Lee . how can I think like that when my picture in the paper from when we wreck that car -- lee -- hey ! selby ! what be you talk about ? selby when we wreck that red car . cr be rush with adrenaline . she be silent , think . lee why be you say that ? selby Cause I be freaken out ! they be come after I . they be comin’ for I and yer gonna let I go down - lee - no baby . you know I would not , okay . I would never . so chill out here . selby how be I suppose to do that ? I be gonna go down for something you do ? lee ( desperate ) selby ! I do not do anything . selby yes you do ! tr sell ... nee ( continued ) 124 . continued : ( 3 ) * selby cr you know what I be talk about . lee what cha do , sell ? selby be shaking with emotion . selby I be not do anything ! there 's a long silence . Lee breathes slowly , hope . lee where 's the money , sell ? Long beat . selby what money ? lee the money I give you ? selby what ... what er you talk about ? cr Lee 's eye fall . shut in pain . lee nothin ... the change . you probably forget . selby rock back and forth . selby oh , yeah ... yeah I get it . nburst into tear ) I just wanna live , Lee . I want a normal happy life . but you ruin it ! and now it 's not worth nothing . you drag I down ... till it 's nothing ... and I do not know why . I do not know why you do it ... Lee wake with pain . she know the significance of she next word . int . motel room - day selby hold the phone , as before , surround by policeman and recording device . lee ( on phone ) tr Cause I love you ... and I never want to loose you ... that 's all . ( continued ) 125 . continued : they stare at she , Exchange excited smile , they be get tr selby look into she lap , try to hide she pain . — ~ int . courtroom - day cu the reel of a 3 /4 inch tape deck , roll slowly forward . the conversation continue with the hiss of it 's source , lee ( 0.s. ) I love ya with my heart and my soul and my mind . and I woulda do anything ... ++- but I would have never let you down , sell . . Cause it be I . it be only I . okay , I be agree ... you know ? U2 's rendition of ' unchain melody 's begin . cu Lee . she listen from the defense table . she struggle to appear strong but tear begin stream down she '' face , lee ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) . and I will let they know that , okay ?... I will tell they everything . Cause I be not gonna let you go down . but it 's over for I now . it 's over ... I will never see you again ... ( selby sit on the stand . look away , fight emotion but desperately avoid Lee 's devastate gaze . the tape selby ( 0.s. ) I know . lee ( 0.8 . ) I wish there be a way ... that people could forgive you for something like this ...? but they can not . selby ( 0.s. ) no. lee ( 0.8 . ) ( on phone ) they just can not ... so I be gonna die , conversation lower as the lyric come up . lee ( cont 'd ) ( 0.8 . ) ( cont 'd ) but it 's not yer fault , okay . I still love ya selby . I always will . even after ... and I do not give a fuck if I live or die , so , you know . ( more ) ( continued ) m C ct '' ) for continued : lee ( cont 'd ) ( 0.8 . ) ( cont 'd ) ( sniff ) okay , go back home and by the time you get back it will all be okay for ya ... selby ( 0.s. ) alright ... lee ( 0.s. ) just hold onto the phone for a little while , please , can you please ?... int prison cell - night Lee lay on she cot . her eye be close . lee ( cont 'd ) ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( sniff ) okay , selby ... I '11 never forget ya . selby ( 0.s. ) okay . lee ( 0.s. ) okay . bye , my baby . selby ( 0.s. ) bye . her eye open with bitter sweet smile of acceptance . lee ( 0.s. ) bye baby ... selby ( 0.8 . ) bye Lee . the music lower . the Lee die . the aileen ( v.0 . ) Love conquer all ... every cloud have a sliver lining ... faith can move mountain ... Love will always find a way ... everything happen for 4 reason ... where there be life , there be hope ... ( laugh ) + awww well , they gotta tell you something . music fade up as the lyric return . 's smile fade into sorrow . she lay alone , wait to end 126 .