monster , inc . original Story by Pete docter Jill cuton Jeff pidgeon Ralph eggleston screenplay by Andrew stanton Daniel gerson November , 2001 L , fade in : int . little boy' bedroom , night mother ( 0.s. ) good night , sweetheart . little boy ( 0.s. ) g'night , Mom . father ( 0.s. ) sleep tight , kiddo ! the bedroom light click off . Soft moonlight illuminate the room . a little boy snuggle into bed as he parent 's footstep fade away down the hall . all be quiet . the closet door creak open . the boy look around the room nervously , eye grow wide . suddenly , he spy a tentacle , emerge from the closet . the boy turn away in fear , but a second look reveal it to be just a shirt sleeve . he relax back into bed . a dark shadow cut across the bedspread . from under the bed , a pair of evil red eye peer out . rising up behind the boy , prepare to scare he young victim , tower a fearsome monster . the boy see the monster and scream . the monster , horrify by the child , let out a even more blood curdle scream of he own . he back away and slip on a soccer ball , which ricochet off the wall and bean he squarely on the face . he stumble back onto a skateboard , slip , and land on a pile of jack . craze with pain , the monster run around the room , squealing and hold he backside . computerize voice ( 0.s. ) simulation terminate . simulation terminate . Worklight flash on , flooding the room with light . the boy , now reveal to be a animatrontic , wind down and reset . one wall of the bedroom start to rise , revealing ... int . simulator / tryout room , day the bedroom be a set , a simulator where monster practice they scare tactic . behind a control console sit a evaluator , the dragon- like ms. flint . judge by she tone , she 's be through this before . flint ( to we monster ) alright , Mr ... bile , be it ? bile uh , my friend call I phlegm . flint uh huh . Mr. bile , can you tell I what you do wrong ? bile I fall down ? flint no , no , before that ! can anyone tell I Mr. bile 's big mistake ? anyone ? flint address a panel of pathetic look recruit , seat behind she . they stare back at she blankly . flint ( cont 'd ) ( frustrated ) let 's take a look at the tape . here we go . plint rewind the tape , then play it . on the monitor : bile sneak into the bedroom , leave the door open . the image freeze . flint ( cont have ) right ... there ! see ? the door . you leave it wide open . recruit / bile oooh . flint and leave a door open be the worst mistake any employee can make because ...? bile um ... it could ... let in a draft ? voice ( 0.s . ) it could let in a child !!! mr . waternoose , ceo of monster Inc. , step from the shadow . flint oh! Mr. waternoose ! waternoose there be nothing more toxic or deadly than a human child . a single touch could kill you ! bile shuffles nervously away from the animatronic kid . waternoose ( cont have ) leave a door open , and a child could walk right into this factory ! right into the monster world ! one recruit lose it , leaping into the lap of the monstet * next to he . recruit I will not go in a kid 's room ! you can not make I ! waternoose grab a nearby yellow scream can . waternoose you be go in there because we need this ! he uncork the can , and the sound of child 's scream leak out . the light surge , and monitor crackle . the recruit cover they ear . waternoose cork the can . waternoose ( cont ‘da ) we city be count on you to collect that child 's scream , without scream , we have no power ! yes , it 's dangerous work , and that 's why I need you to be at you best . I need scarer who be confident . tenacious . tough ! intimidate ! I need scarer like ... like ... James P. Sullivan ! jame P. sullivan , snore loudly , fast asleep . int . sullivan' bedroom , morning sulley be a intimidatingly large big blue monster with horn , sharp tooth and sharp claw . k the clock radio next to he click on . radio d.j. ( 0.s. ) hey , good morning monstropolis , it 's now five after the hour of six a.m. in the big monster City . the camera pan over to reveal that the radio announcer be actually mike , a one - eye ball of a monster with green frog ~ like skin , stand casually next to Sullivan 's bed . mike temperature 's a balmy 65 degree , which be good news for you reptile , and it look like it 's gonna be a perfect day to just lie in bed , sleep in , or simply ... ..- work out that flab that 's hanging over the bed !! get up , sulley ! Mike put a bull horn to Sullivan 's ear . bwaaat ! sullivan yaaah ! int . live room , morning Sullivan drop to the floor for push-up . Mike stand in front of he bark order like a coach . sullivan I do not believe I order a wake up call , mikey . mike hey , less talk , more pain , marshmallow boy ! feel the burn ! between each push - up , Sullivan spring into the air , strike a fearsome pose and roaring . mike ( cont 'd ) you call yourself a monster ? sulley roar louder . int . live room Sullivan jog in place . mike scary foot , scary foot , scary foot -- the kid 's awake ! . Sullivan drop to the ground and lie motionless . mike ( cont ’d} okay , scary foot , scary foot , scary foot ... Sullivan pop back up into a jog . mike ( cont have ) kid 's asleep ! Sullivan roar . int . live room mike twin ! in a bunk bed ! Sullivan go up and down , roaring on two level . mike ( cont 'd ) ooo , I think I have you there . int . live room mike okay sulley , here we go . ready ? follow ! Mike hold a broom with a crude draw of a child 's face tape to the end . . mike ( cont 'd ) it 's over here ! it 's over there ! Mike swing the broom , Sullivan lunge after it . mike ( cont 'd ) do not let the kid touch you ! do not let it touch you ! Sullivan growl at the paper kid while dodging it . int . live room like a quarterback rush a tackle dummy , Sullivan strain to push a pile of heavy furniture across the live room . '' Mike stand atop the pile encourage he . mike osinge like a drill sergeant ) I do not know but it 's be say , I love scare kid in bed ! 4 wom int . bathroom Sullivan brushes he tooth , while Mike stand on he arm . mike come on , fight that plaque ! fight that plaque ! scary monster do not have plaque ! int . live room a Sullivan hang upside - down from a beam , do some '' gravity sit-up . mike one-eighteen ... do you have one - nineteen ... do I see one-twenty ... whoah ! I do not believe it ! sullivan I be not even break a sweat ! mike not you ! look ! the new commercial 's on ! Mike run to the tv Sullivan slip and fall . close on tv a bank of light illuminate and flare brightly . announcer ( v.0 . ) the future be bright at monster Incorporated ! Sullivan and Mike scramble into they chair to watch the commercial . : mike I be in this one ! I be in this one ! close on tv beautiful shot of monster happily live they life . announcer ( v.0 . ) we power you car . we warm you home . we light you city . a m.i. worker turn to the camera . id worker # 1 ( on tv ) I be monster Incorporated ! sulley watch from he easy chair . sullivan ( point at screen ) hey look , benny ! close on tv a bore child watch as various monster cycle past . we settle on one which cause the child to scream . announcer ( v.0o . ) carefully match every child to they ideal monster , to produce superior scream , refine into clean , dependable energy . every time you turn something on , monster Incorporated be there . floor manager ( to camera ) I be monster Incorporated ! a child vacantly staring at a television set . Machine gun fire , explosion , etc . be hear emerge from the set . text appear on the screen : '' simulation - not actual child . '' announcer ( v.o . ) we know the challenge . the window of innocence be shrink . human kid be harder to scare . Henry J. waternoose , a large crab-like monster , turn to face the camera . : Super : ceo henry J. waternoose , c.e.o . waternoose ( on tv ) ( to camera ) of course , MI be prepare for the future . '' with the top scarer ... on the screen , Sullivan stand next to a door stand on a factory work floor . he lean through a door and roar . the kid inside scream . : . Mike watch he buddy on tv and leap to he foot . mike woo hoo-hoo ! close on tv waternoose ( on tv ) ... the best refinery ... and research into new energy technique . a monster with virtual reality glass roar , cause a computer child on a monitor behind he to scream . Mike scoot to the edge of he seat in anticipation . mike ( be : commercial ) okay , here I come ! close on tv Sullivan and Mike stand in front of a crowd of MI worker . as they turn to camera , the monster , inc . logo appear over Mike , blocking he entirely . sullivan { on tv ) we be work for a better tomorrow ... today ! - Mike stare at the television , shocked . worker ( on tv ) we be monster Incorporated ! waternoose ( v.o. ) we nre m.i. -- monster , Incorporated . we scare because we care . Sullivan turn off the tv. mike {in shock } I can not believe it ... sullivan oconsol ) oh , Mike ... mike I be on t.v.!! do you see I ? I ‘ma natural ! the phone ring . Mike grab the receiver . mike ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hello ? I know ! be not I great ?! ( more ) mike ( cont 'd ) do the whole family see it ? {to Sullivan ) it 's you mom . {to phone} ha-ha ! what can I say ? the camera love I ! ext . monstropolis , morning the sun rise over monstropolis , a industry town much like pittsburg . its ancient history be see in the architecture . a newspaper delivery monster toss a paper on the stoop of a apartment building . Mike and sulley walk out the door , lunch box in hand . mike I be tell you big daddy , you be go to be see this face on t.v. a lot more often . sullivan yeah ? like on '' monstropolis 's most want ? '' mike ha , ha , ha . you have be jealous of my good look since the fourth grade , pal . they walk by a tiny monster husband and wife . tiny monster wife have a good day , sweetie . . tiny monster husband you too , hon . the monster husband fly away . ext . monstropolis curbside , morning Mike approach a shiny new convertible and hold up a set of key . mike okay , sulley , hop on in ! sullivan nope . uh-uh . Sullivan grab Mike 's arm and drag he away . 10 . a '. mike ~~ hey , hey , hey , where be you go ?! what be you do ?! sullivan mikey , there 's a scream shortage . we be walk . mike walk ?! sullivan yup ! mike nbeing drag away ) no , no , no , no ! my baby ! look ! she need to be drive ! ( to car ) I 'il call you ! ext . monstropolis STREET , morning close on newspaper stand with headline : '' rolling blackout expected . '' Mike and sulley walk past . I mike hey genius , you want to know why I buy the car ? sullivan not really . mike - to drive it ! you know , like on the street ? with the honk-honk , and the vroom-vroom , and no walk involved ?! sullivan give it a rest , will ya , butterball ? come on , you could use the exercise . mike I could use the exercise ?! look at you ! you have you own climate ! ext . monstropolis apartment , morning monster kide jump rope as Mike and sulley pass . ( monster kide ( chant ) how many tentacles jump the rope ? one and two and three and four ... the rope be actually one of the kid 's tongue . monster kid Morning , Mike ! Morning , sulley ! sullivan hey , morning kid . how be you do ? mike hey , kid ! kid tongue monster ( turn she head ) bye , Mike ! bye thulley ! the jumping monster kid get tangle in the rope tongue and fly into a giant eye monster watch from a window . giant eye monster ow ! hey ! ext . monstropolis storefront , morning a garbage monster sweep garbage off the sidewalk into a dustpan . he happily toss the content into he mouth . a monster read a newspaper sneeze , and fire shoot from he mouth and nose , incinerate he paper . newspaper monster aw , nut . ext . monstropolis grossery store , morning tony the grosser arrange fruit on a stand with he many tentacles . tony hey , fella ! sullivan / mike ( italian accent ) hey tony ! hey , hey , hey ! sullivan tony ! badda bing ! 12 . tony ( chuckle ) I hear somebody 's close to break the all - time scare record ! sullivan aw , just try to make sure there 's enough scream to go around . the grosser toss sulley and Mike two piece of fruit . tony hey ! on the house ! mike thanks ! sullivan grazie ! mike badda bing ! Sullivan and Mike pass a gelatinous monster who suddenly ooze through a grate and into the sewer below , leave only eye and teeth atop the grate . blobby oh great . ext . monstropolis cross -walk Sullivan and Mike wait to cross next to a giant monster , ted . because of he height , we only see Ted 's massive leg . sullivan ( yell up to Ted ) hey , Ted ! good morning ! Ted answer . the traffic sign change from '' don ’t stalk '' to '' stalk '' . Sullivan , Mike , and Ted cross . sullivan ( cont 'd ) see that mikey ? Ted 's walk to work . mike Big deal ! guy take five step and he 's there ! mee 13. close on billboard advertising monster , Inc. cuT to : ext . MI factory , morning the monster Incorporated parking lot fill with car as worker stream into the enormous building . int . MI lobby various monster employee greet Mike and sully as they enter . misc . employee # 1 Morning , sulley ! sullivan Morning , ricky ! misc . employee # 2 hey , it 's the sullster ! sullivan see ya on the scare floor , buddy ! mike hey marge ! how be jury duty ? misc . employee # 3 Morning sulley ! misc . employee # 4 how be you do , big guy ? twelve scarer of the month photograph -- all of Sullivan -- hang on a lobby wall . two geeky monster , smitty and needleman , straighten one of they . needleman it 's still lean to the leave ! smitty it be not ! sullivan hey fella ! hey , Jerry ! jerry ( 0.s. ) Morning ! the geek hear Sullivan 's voice and run up to he . 14 . needleman hey , Mr. Sullivan ! sullivan guy , I tell you , call I sulley . the geek laugh like school girl . smitty I do not think so . needleman we just want to wish you good luck today -- mike hey , hey , hey . come on , get lose you two . you be make he lose he focus . needleman ( worried ) oh , sorry . sullivan see ya later , fella . Sullivan head off with Mike . ck smitty ( call after ) . go get ‘em , Mr. Sullivan ! needleman quiet ! you be make he lose he focus ! smitty oh no ! ( call after again ) sorry ! needleman shut up ! int . MI lobby - reception desk celia be answer phone call . celia : monster , Inc. , please hold . monster Inc. , I ' 1l1 connect you . Ms. fearmonger be on vacation , would you like she voicemail ? ck 15 . Sullivan and Mike approach the desk . mike oh , shmoopsie-poo ... celia turn with a big , bright smile . so do a collection of snake , which we now realize make up celia 's hair . celia googley bear ! her snake sigh contentedly . mike happy birthday . celia oh , googley - woogley , you remember ! celia lean forward and gently rub Mike 's head . they be nauseatingly cute together . celia ( cont 'd ) ( to Sullivan ) hey , sulley - wulley ! sullivan ( uncomfortable ) oh hey , celia ... weelia ... uhm , happy birthday . celia thanks ! ( to Mike ) so ... be we go anywhere special tonight ? : mike I just get .us into a little place call ... '' Harry hausen 's . '' celia ( gasp ! ) Harry hausen 's ?! but it 's impossible to get a reservation there ! mike not for googley bear . celia giggle . so do the snake . 16 . C ) mike ( cont 'd ) I will see you at quittin’ time and not a minute later ! celia okay , sweetheart . Mike dance out of the lobby . mike think romantical thought ! osinge } you and I , I and you , both of we , together ! int . locker room Mike open a locker door and grab a giant , clear bowl . mike you know pal , she 's the one . that 's it ! she be the one ! sullivan I be happy for ya . mike oh , and thanks for hook I up with that reservation . a Mike put the giant bowl -- he contact lens -- into he eye . sullivan oh , no problem . they be under the name '' googley bear . '' mike oh good idea - ocatch the joke ) you know , that be not very funny . Mike 's locker suddenly slam shut by itself . confused , Mike open it . it slam shut again . mike ( cont 'd ) what the ...? a purple chameleon - like monster , randall bogg , uncamoflage and jump out at Mike . -f randall wazowski ! 17 . mike ahhhhh ! Mike fly backwards , trip over the bench . randall ( laugh ) well , whadda ya know ? it scare little kid and little monster . mike i- I be not scared , I have ... allergy . | randall uh huh . sure . sullivan hey , randall . save it for the scare floor , will ya ? randall perform a series of martial art move . randall I be in the zone today , Sullivan . I '' go to be do some serious scare , put up some big number . mike wow , randall , that 's great . that should make it even more humiliate when we break the record first ! randall shhh . do you hear that ? randall pause for dramatic effect . randall ( cont would ) it 's the wind of change . randall exit . Mike watch he go , smolder . mike ( mock ) '' you hear that ? you hear the wind . of change ? '' what a creep ! one of this day I be really go to , let you teach that guy a lesson . int . m.i. hallway a slug monster mop up a puddle of GREEN slime . he exit , leave a trail of more slime . 18 . mike chalooby ! baby ! ( ) ext . roz 's desk - continuous close on newspaper call '' the glob . '' mike good morning roz , my succulent little garden snail , and who would we be scare today ? : Mike reach for paperwork on the desk , but roz 's wet hand land on it first . she 's a slug-like monster with horn - rimmed glass . roz wazowski . you do not file you paperwork last night . mike ( coy ) oh , that darn paperwork . would not it be easier if it all just blow away ? roz lean forward in she chair threateningly . ct roz do not let it happen again . mike yes ! well , I 'il try to be less careless . Mike grab the paperwork and shuffles away . : roz ( call after he ) I be watch you , wazowski . always watch . watch . always . mike ( to self ) ooh , she 's nut . int . scare floor Mike walk onto the scare floor , already bustling with activity . celia ( 0.s. ) ~ ( over paging system ) all scare floor now active . assistant , please report to you station . for ck 19 . montage of scare floor preparation : - Mike fit a empty can onto he door station . ~ Mike swipe a card - key from a child 's folder , and slide it through a slot on the station . - a child 's closet door ride out into the scare floor on a overhead track . - several assistant follow suit . Doors ride out of the vault and land in station . - a jumbo - tron screen display the MI logo switch over to amap . the eastern portion of the United States be illuminate as the floor manager step up . floor manager okay people , Eastern seaboard come on line . we get scarer come out ! the assistant run to they station and stand at attention . in slow motion : scarer stride onto the scare floor this be the best of the best ; the top scarer , ready for action . smitty and needleman , two geeky teenage janitor , stand in awe on the sideline . needleman oooh , they be so awesome ! the scarer stop opposite they door . they assistant approach they and make last minute preparation . Sullivan crack he knuckle and shake to keep loose . a monster flip out he retractable claw like switchblade . a toothless monster be hand a set of false teeth . he slide the chomper into place and snarl . randall practice camouflage by blend into various background pattern : wood , brick , wallpaper . his nerdy assistant fungus alternate the pattern . a bald monster put a tentacle in he mouth and blow . spike pop out of he skin . a monster open he mouth to reveal a giant set of spike teeth . his assistant brushes they . 20 . a monster grab a handful of eyeballs from he assistant and squish they into he face . the jumbo-tron now show everyone 's scare total . Sullivan be at the top , with randall in second place . sullivan ( with hand outstretch ) hey , may the best monster win . randall ( turn away ) I plan to . the floor manager begin the countdown . floor manager we be on in seven ... six ... Mike hit a button on he keypad . the red light above he door light up . other assistant do the same . . floor manager ( cont 'd ) ... five ... four ... three ... two ... the floor manager silently indicate '' one '' with he hand . a sign light above the scare floor change from '' standby '' to '' scare . '' montage - the scaring begins a horn sound , and each scarer rush up to they door . sulley disappear through the door . mike you be the boss , you be the boss , you be the big hairy boss ! randall and the other monster follow suit . scream be hear from inside Sullivan 's door . sulley exit and check he new scare total on the jumbo-tron . sullivan oooh , I be feel good today , mikey ! mike whoa ! that a boy ! that a boy ! another door comin’ right up ! a scream come from another door . randall emerge to watch he tally go up , but only slightly . ( %. 21. randall 's assistant fungus scratch he head . fungus hmm , you be still behind , randall . you know , maybe I should re-align the scream intake valve - ~ , randall just get I another door ! fungus ( run off ) aaaaah ! a door ! yes ! scare floor 's - continuous the monster work fast and furious . childrens 's scream be hear everywhere , fill the can . waternoose walk up beside the floor manager . waternoose ( expect the worst ) well , Jerry , what 's the damage . go far ? floor manager we may actually make we quota today , Sir . waternoose ( unconvince ) hmm . first time in a month . scare floor - continuous a scream can gurgle as it register empty . rock music pound as the door open and a huge monster scramble out of the room , sobbing pathetically . assistant what happen ? scare monster the kid almost touch I ! she get this close to I ! assistant she be not scared of you ? nlook through paperwork ) she be only six ! scare monster I could have be dead ! I could have die !!! 22 . Le the assistant slap the scared monster across the face . assistant ' keep it together , man ! ( whistle for help ) hey , we get a dead door over here ! the geek come run , wheeling a portable door shredder . needleman we be come ! look out ! smitty out of the way ! Excuse we ! needleman come through ! needleman tape a yellow '' X '' across the door . floor manager {to waternoose ) . we have lose fifty - eight door this week , sir. - waternoose we kid this day . they just do not get scared like they use to ! the geek load the defunct door into the shredder . needleman let ‘er rip ! the door shred with a buzz , spew out sawdust and leave only two door knob . int . scare floor - continuous a octopus-like monster run toward a door tentacles fly . tentacled monster bugabugabuga ! randall emerge from another door . he 's work hard . fungus ( nervous ) uh , Sir ? ae randall what !? fungus l-look ! fungus point to the tally board . randall 's name replace Sullivan 's as number one . celia ( 0.s.} ( over p.a. system ) attention : we have a new scare leader - randall bogg . several monster gather around randall , congratulate he . misc . monster admirer Nice job ! you take the lead ! you do it ! look at that number ! multiple scream draw the attention of the admirer . in second , Mike deftly fill can after can with scream . Sullivan emerge from the door and crack he knuckle . sullivan slumber party . the tally board update ; Sullivan 's back in first place . celia ( 0.s. ) {over p.a. system ) never mind . the admirer push past randall as they rush to Sullivan . randall ( be jostle ) hey , watch it ! misc . monster admirer that be awesome ! how do you do that ? you nre go to the hall of fame for . sure ! Sullivan give he fan a high five as Mr. waternoose approach . waternoose well , James , that be a impressive display . sullivan oh , just do my job , Mr. waternoose . of course , I do learn from the best . waternoonse and Sullivan both chuckle . 24 . os kr randall watch angrily . fungus stand next to he . randall ' if I do not see a new door in my station in five second , I will personally put you through the shredder ! fungus ( run off ) aaaaah ! charlie , the assistant at the next station , turn to Mike . charlie hey , wazowski ! Nice job , that number be pretty sweet ! mike ( false modesty ) be they ? you know , I have not even notice . and how be georgie do ? charlie he 's do great ! I love work with y that big guy . '' Charlie 's door open , and a goofy - look furry monster name GEORGE sanderson emerge . . GEORGE keep the door comin’ , Charlie . I be ona roll today ! charlie ( to Mike ) George and I be like brother . Charlie spot a child 's sock on George 's back . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( gasp ! ) twenty - three nineteen ! we have a twenty - three nineteen ! : the floor manager hit a human child emergency button . a siren blare . the jumbo-tron read '' warning : contamination alert '' . computer voice ( over p.a. ) Red alert ! Red alert ! Red alert ! George look around , confuse . on the jumbo-tron behind he be a security cam view of George 's back , show the sock . 25 . - computer voice ( over p.a. ) ( cont 'd ) George sanderson , please remain motionless . prepare for decontamination . realizing he cause the alarm , George try frantically to remove the sock . " GEORGE get it off ! get it off ! floor manager duck and cover , people ! bang ! yellow -suited figure rappel through the window from the ceiling overhead . waternoose oh , not the cda . ext . monster inc . , day helicopter hover over the factory as large black truck squeal into the parking lot . on the side of the truck be print : cda - child detection agency . more yellow - suite figure -- cda agent -~ burst out of a truck and run toward the factory . int . roz 's desk roz close she desk window as cda agent run by . cda agent # 1 come through ! please stand aside ! cda agent # 2 please clear the contaminate area ! the scare floor be now fill with cda agent . one point a child detector at the geek . smitty / needleman aaaaah ! cda agent # 3 this be a twenty - three - nineteen in progress ! cda agent # 4 clear the area people} ! ry ) 26 . cda agent # 5 come through . watch yourself ! cda agent run up to George and tackle he to the ground . use tong , they gently remove the sock from he back and place it on the floor . a metal dome be bolt over the sock . waternoose and MI worker cover they eye . Mike gasp as a blind flash emerge from under the metal device . Agents unbolt the dome and vacuum up the char remain of the sock . cda agent # 1 all clear . situation be niner- niner - zero . ready for decon . GEORGE ( to cda agent ) hey , thanks guy , that be a close one . cda agent # 2 ( to other Agents ) okay . a circular shower curtain fly up around George . a yellow hand reach in with a huge electric razor . George 's fur fly up over the curtain . GEORGE abhhhh ! a small shower head pop up , spraying disinfectant . '' GEORGE ( cont have ) eiieeee ! the curtain fly open . George be entirely shave , wear a elizabethan dog collar . a band - aid cover the area '' contaminate " by the sock . a agent rip the band - aid off . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhh ! a sign on the wall read day since last accident flip from 47 to 0 . floor manager okay people , take a break ! we gotta shut down for a half - hour and reset the system ! pu 27 . waternoose and Sullivan watch as cda agent file off the scare floor . waternoose a entire scare floor out of commission . what else can go wrong ? int . coffee break area waternoose and Sullivan approach the coffee machine . waternoose pour himself a cup of the thick gooey liquid . waternoose oh , what a day . sullivan we be just go through a rough time , Sir . everyone know you be go to get we through it . waternoose tell that to the board of director . James , this company have be in my family for three generation . I would do anything to keep it from go under . sullivan so would I , Sir . waternoose be suddenly strike with a idea . waternoose say ! I could use you help with something . sullivan os anything , Sir . waternoose you see , we have hire some new scare recruit , and frankly they nre ... they be , .. uh ... sullivan inexperience ? waternoose they stink . sullivan uh huh . 28 . waternoose I think maybe you might come by tomorrow and give they a demonstration . show they what it take to be a top scarer , eh ? sullivan ( grin ) . I ' 11 start out with the old waternoose jump and growl ! Sullivan demonstrate the '' old waternoose jump and growl '' . waternoose be so startle that he drop he coffee cup . waternoose aaah ! ( amused ) ha ha ! oh , yes ! now that 's my boy ! waternoose pat Sullivan on the shoulder . they laugh . ext . MI factory , sunset the sun set over monster Inc . int . MI factory - scare floor a bell ring as the factory wind down . the '' scare '' light be turn off , and tired scarer emerge from door . floor manager ( 0.s. ) let 's go everybody . all door must be return . no exception ! all door be eject and return to the vault . mike whoo ! I have never see anything like you today ! you be on a roll , my man ! sullivan another day like this and that scare record 's in the bag ! mike that 's right baby ! sullivan . uh huh ! the overhead light turn off as everyone leave for the day . xx int . locker room Sullivan and Mike be at they locker . mike so get this . as if dinner be not enough , I be take she to a monster truck rally afterwards . sullivan Nice . mike what 's on you agenda ? sullivan I be go to head home and work out some more . mike again ? you know , there 's more to life than scare ! Mike sniff under he arm . ~ mike ( cont 'd ) I phew ! hey , can I borrow you odorant ? _ sullivan yeah , I get smelly garbage , or old dumpster . mike you get low tide ? sullivan no. mike how about wet dog ? sullivan yup . stink it up . Sullivan toss Mike the can of '' odorant . '' int . MI hallway Sullivan and Mike walk down a crowded hallway . mike you know , I be so romantic , sometimes I think I should just marry myself . 30 . sullivan give I a break , Mike . mike what a night of romance I have get ahead of I . tonight be about I , and ... int . MI lobby - continuous Mike spot celia tidy up she desk . mike ( love-struck ) celia ! the love boat be about to set sail ! nimitate boat horn ) ( then , to Sullivan ) . I gotta tell you buddy , that face of hers it just make my heart go ... yikes ! as Mike turn back to celia , he be surprised to instead see roz . roz hello , wazowski . fun fill evening plan for tonight ? mike well , as a matter of fact - roz and I be 'sure you file you paperwork correctly . for once . Mike freeze . roz ( cont 'd ) you stunne silence be very reassure . roz slither away . mike {to sulley ) oh no , my scare report ! I leave they on my desk ! if I be not at the restaurant in five minute , they be go to give we table away ! what be I go to tell ... celia leap in and squeeze Mike 's cheek . mike ( cont have ) shmoopsie poo ! 31 . celia hey , googley bear ! want to get go ? : mike oh , do I ever ... it 's just that ... uh , you know it 's ... there 's a small ... celia I do not understand you ... mike it 's just that -- sullivan it 's just that I forget about some paperwork I be suppose to file . Mike be remind I . thanks , buddy . whew ! mike I be ? I mean , I be ! yeah , I be . celia oh. okay , let an go then . mike we be go ! ( whisper to Sullivan ) on my desk , sulley ! the pink copy go to accounting , the fuchsia one go to purchase , and the goldenrod one go to roz . celia grab Mike and pull he away . Mike lean back . mike ( cont have ) leave the puce ! int . scare floor the floor be dark and empty as Sullivan walk to Mike 's desk . sullivan the pink copy go to accounting , the fuchsia one go to roz . no , the fuchsia one go to purchase , and the goldenrod one go to roz . and I have no idea what puce be ... Sullivan pick up the paperwork and shuffles through it . sullivan ( cont have ) oh , that 's puce . ( 32 . turn , Sullivan see a lone door in a station . sullivan {cont no ) ' hello ? anyone ? there 's a door here . Sullivan walk to the door . he 's about to eject it when he notice that the light above the station be illuminate . it 's active . cautiously , he open the door . int . little girl 's bedroom , night Sullivan peek into the room . sullivan ( stage whisper ) hello ? hey ! psst . anybody scare in here ? hello ? hello ! nothing but cricket . Sullivan shrug and shut the door . int . scare floor sulley step away from the door , examine it curiously . sullivan hmmm ... suddenly , there be a thump noise behind he . sulley freeze . thump , he turn around to see he tail be drop by ... a human girl ! little girl duckit . | sulley scream , fall over backward . the girl look up at sulley and smile . this guy 's funny ! panicked , sulley pick she up with a pair of tong and place she back in she room , close the door and spin around ... only to discover that she 's stand before he again . she squeal with delight . Sullivan yell . he pick she up and carry she deep inside the room . int . little girl n's bedroom Sullivan deposit the kid on top of she bed . she giggle . oe c& 33. he run out , but get catch in a hang mobile . he fall , trip over a laundry basket , slip on a rug , and be eject out of the room . int . scare floor Sullivan slide out of the room , cover in toy and junk from the kid 's room . suddenly , from the utility hallway , he hear a noise . someone's coming ! Sullivan scramble to he foot and take off . as he run , a line of toy duckies catch on he tail quack along after he . int . scare floor - continuous randall enter , wheeling a cart of scream can towards the door . int . bathroom Sullivan rush to the toilet , stuff the kid junk into the bowl , and flush it down . sullivan whew ! a second later it all come back up , overflow the toilet . sullivan ( cont no ) ahhh ! int . locker area Sullivan spot a open locker and stuff the sopping kidstuff in . he close the locker . relieved , Sullivan turn and walk away . on he back , cling to he : fur , be the little girl . sulley round the locker bank and disappear from view . for a moment , all be quiet . a second later : sullivan ahhhhhhhhhh ! Sullivan run back past the locker , panic-stricken . the girl chase he . little girl Kitty ! for 34 . int , locker room - continuous Sullivan cower on a bench , back into a corner of the room . the kid stand in front of he wave she arm . to sulley , she be like a disease rat . sullivan no no , stay back ... the little girl be distract , play with a hardhat . Sullivan find a m.i. gym bag , scoops she up , and zip it close . holding the bag at arm length , he run out of the room . int . scare floor Sullivan run to the kid 's door , ready to toss the kid back in . as he reach to open it , the knob rattles . oh no ! he 's stand in the middle of the scare floor . where to hide ? randall emerge from the door , confuse . why be not there a kid in that room ? randall . randall eject the door . as randall walk away , the door rise , revealing Sullivan hide behind it . the little girl wiggle inside the bag and make a peep . randall stop . have he hear ? no , he sneeze and continue on . as randall exit the floor , Sullivan watch as the kid 's door disappear into the vault , and with it all hope of get rid of the kid . sulley grab the gym bag and run towards the exit . int . sushi restaurant chop ! a cleaver chop through a piece of raw monster fish . this be harry hausen 's , a top monstropolis eatery . a multi - tentacled monster sushi chef prepare elegant meal as waiter waltz by with Sushi . when new customer enter the restaurant , the waiter all yell . . waiter eerie shai massay ! Mike and celia be seat in a romantic booth , laughing . 35 . ~ celia '' oh , Michael . ive have a lot of . birthda - - well , not a lot of birthdays ... but this be the best birthday ever . Mike gaze dreamily at celia . she grow self - conscious . celia ( cont have ) what be you look at ? mike oh , I be just think about the first time I laid eye on you , how pretty you look . celia ( embarrassed ) stop it ! mike you hair be short then . celia uh huh , I be think about get it cut . the snake look panicked . . mike no , no , I like it this length . the snake sigh in relief . mike ( cont 'd ) I like everything about you . just the other day , someone ask I who I think the most beautiful monster be , in all of monstropolis . do you know what I say ? celia ( coy ) what do you say ? mike I say ... behind celia , Sullivan press he face up to the window . mike ( cont have ) sulley ! celia sulley ? 36 . befuddle , Mike look to the window . Sullivan be go . mike - no , no , no ! that 's not what I be go to say ! I mean , well sure , he 's handsome ... if you like the big , rugge , hairy ... celia Mike , you be not make sense . sushi chef ( 0.s. ) eerie shai massay ! Sullivan appear at the table and sit down . sullivan ( nervous ) hi guy ! what a coincidence , run into you here ! Sullivan awkwardly squeeze into the booth next to Mike , set the gym bag under the table . sullivan ( cont 'd ) a uh , I be just go to order something to ms go . celia ( annoyed ) Michael ... mike {through gritt tooth ) sulley ... sulley grab a menu and whip it in front of he and Mike 's face . . . sullivan I wonder what 's good here ! hmmm ... sulley and Mike whisper behind the menu . mike . get outta here , you be ruin everything ! sullivan I go back to get you paperwork , and . there be a door ! 37 . mike = what ? Mike peek . around the menu , grin awkwardly at celia , then duck back behind . celia 's start to steam . her snake rattle in annoyance . mike ( cont 'd ) a door ? sullivan onodd ) randall be in it . mike wait a minute . randall ? ( put it together ) that cheater ! he 's try to boost he number ! sullivan there 's something else ... mike - what ? ~ sullivan ooklay in the agbay . mike what ?! sullivan look in the bag ! sulley motion to the floor . Mike duck under the table , but there 's nothing there . mike what bag ? Sullivan look around frantically for the bag . Mike see something that make he eye go wide . sulley see it too : the MI duffle bag be now giggling and hobbling away on little human kid - foot that poke out from the bottom of the bag . sullivan whooahhh !! they do not have anything I like here , so take care , celia ! ( 4 . 38 . Sullivan charge toward the bag , stumbling into a waiter . celia Michael , what 's go on ? mike celia , please try to understand ... as Mike explain , he see the bag toss aside , revealing the human child . mike ( cont have ) I have to do something ! Mike dash off . celia Michael ?! a monster photographer be about to take a picture of a happy monster couple . photographer ( 0.s. ) look happy . okay , on three . one ... two ... the pose couple see the kid pop up over the photographer 's shoulder . they scream . the photographer look up and see the kid . photographer ( cont 'd ) aaaaaaahh ! a kid ! the photographer 's flash go off , as the kid jump onto the counter . everyone in the restaurant turn towards the child . little girl {to restaurant ) boo ! Chaos ensue . patron scramble out the door , scream . misc . monster a kid !!! the sushi chef grab a phone and dial . sushi chef ( into phone ) there 's a kid here ! a human kid ! the girl run carefree through the chaos , babbling . cs 39 . Mike run headlong into a pile of take - out box . _ celia be catch up in the stampede of flee patron . celia ocall out ) googley bear ! Sullivan try to grab the kid , but she playfully evade he outstretch arm . sullivan come on ! oh! heh ! Mike dash in with a takeout box , which he use to delicately scoop she up . the girl pop she head out of the takeout box and stick out she tongue at Sullivan . little girl pthbthbtht ! Sullivan hesitantly push she head down into the box and shut the lid . sullivan come on ! sulley and Mike run out of the restaurant , leave the MI gym bag behind . ext . sushi restaurant Sullivan and Mike exit as patron scramble . mike let 's get out of here ! the cda arrive in helicopter and van . cda agent # 1 ( 0.s. ) we have a 835 in progress , please advise . cda agent # 2 stand clear please . monster run amok , scream . celia call after Mike . celia Michael ? Michael ! cy ( 1 40 . Mike spin around . mike celia ! a cda agent step in front of celia and herd she away . . cda agent come with we , please . celia ow , stop push ! Mike start towards she . mike hey ! get you hand off my schmoopsie - poo - Sullivan grab Mike and yank he away . cda agent Building be clear . ready for decontamination . ext . alley Sullivan and Mike run down a alley . mike well , I do not think that date could have go any worse ! blam !!! behind they a giant GREEN plasma dome envelop the restaurant and glow ominously . thing just get worse . int . nightly television news set the same image of the restaurant become part of a news report , with the word , '' kid - tastrophe ! '' superimpose over it . a newscaster talk to camera . newscaster ~ if witness be to be believe , there have be a child security breach for the first time in monster history . ey ck 41 . ext . sushi restaurant , night a cda agent stand in front of the smolder sushi restaurant . a microphone be thrust in he face . cda agent we can neither confirm nor deny the presence of a human child here tonight . ext . STREET / sidewalk with chaos behind they , panicked monster speak into camera . misc monster # 1 well , the kid fly right over I and blast a car with its laser vision ! misc monster # 2 I try to run from it , but it pick I up with its mind power and shook I like a doll ! a monster with dozen of eye step forward to corroborate . misc monster # 3 it 's true ! I see the whole thing ! close on tv int . nightly television news set a scientist sit next to the anchor . scientist it be my professional opinion that now be the time to panic ! int . mike and sullivan 's live room , night crash ! Mike and sulley 's tv smashes to the floor . the little girl 's head peek out over the set . little girl ( cheery ) uh oh ! Sullivan and Mike wear colander , snorkel mask , and oven mitt for protection . they see the kid and scream , scramble behind a chair for protection . mike it 's come ! it 's come ! ch 42 , little girl boo ! mike / sullivan aaah ! Sullivan and Mike flee over to the window . outside , helicopter scan the area . hurriedly Mike and sulley yank the shade close . the girl totter towards they , babbling . Mike and sulley retreat in fear . mike / sullivan ( cont 'd ) aaaaaaah ! the kid open the window shade , stand in full view of the helicopter outside . Mike scoot she out of view use a broom , then spray the area with disinfectant . : meanwhile the girl have discover Mike 's CD collection , neatly arrange in two stack . mike no ! do not touch that , you little -- the stack come crashing down . mike ( cont have ) oh , that be alphabetize ! it 's okay , it 's alright ! as long as it do not come near we , we be gonna be okay . the girl sneeze directly in Mike 's eye . mike ( cont 'd ) ahhh ! . Mike freak , spraying disinfectant squarely into he own eye ! mike ( cont have ) yahhh ! 1! now the kid approach Sullivan . whimper , he protect himself with a garbage can lid . the kid point to a one eyed teddy bear , out of she reach . sullivan oh , here you like this ? fetch ! ( 43 , Sullivan toss the bear across the room . the kid run after it . she pick up the bear and hug it . Mike gasp . this have go too far . mike hey , hey , that 's it ! no one touch little mikey ! Mike swipe the bear out of the kid 's hand . stun , she face begin to redden , and she eye well up with tear . sullivan Mike , give she the bear . mike oh no ... the kid scream at the top of she lung . Sullivan and Mike cover they ear . the light in the apartment surge . ext . mike and sulley 's apartment , night from outside , the apartment light pulse brightly , create a beacon for the helicopter . int . apartment the circle helicopter head towards they . Mike and Sullivan panic . Mike drop the bear and run to the window , pull the shade shut . . mike ahh ! make it stop sulley ! make it stop ! the girl continue to wail . desperate , Sullivan offer she . the bear . sullivan here ! see the bear ? ooo , nice bear ! it 's not work -- she continue to cry . the helicopter be get closer . mire sulley ! desperate , Sullivan begin to dance with the bear ; anything to get she to stop cry . i for of % 44 . sullivan ( sing ) oh , he 's a happy bear , and he 's not cry , and neither should you , or we will be in trouble , ' cause they be gonna find we , so please stop cry , right now , right now ... the kid stop cry . the light return to normal level . mike good ! good , sulley , keep it up , you be doin’ great ! the helicopter turn around and begin to fly away . sullivan ooo , ah , the happy bear , he have no care ... the girl reach for the bear , accidentally touching sullivan 's hand . he scream . sullivan ( cont have ) bwaaaaah ! yaah ! it touch I !! she touch I ! aaah ! sulley 's yell frighten the kid , who start crying again . the light surge . Mike run toward Sullivan , reach for the bear . mike sulley , the bear ! the bear ! give it the - Mike trip on a lamp and fly across . the floor . mike ( cont 'd ) whoahhhhh ! Mike roll into a garbage can and bump into a shelf , send a stack of book into he mouth . a hang stereo speaker land on he head . mike ( cont have ) oof ! the kid think this be hilarious and begin laughing . the light in the apartment glow even brighter than before . i ' 45 . ext . mike and sulley 's apartment , night the region light up by the laugh 's power radiate outward from Mike and sulley 's window . in a moment all the apartment window be glowing brightly . int . apartment the light flare to a white hot brightness , and then pop . the laughter subside , and all be dark . sullivan what be that ? Mike be still wedge inside the garbage can . mike I have no idea . but it would be really great if it do not do it again . the girl giggle again . sullivan shhhh ! she seem to understand . she nod and hold she tiny finger up to she mouth . little girl shhhh . sullivan ( nodd ) she smile . . int . mike and sullivan 's live room - later the room be light by candlelight . the kid sit at one end of the room coloring while at the other end Mike and sulley hunker behind a chair , toss she piece of cereal . sullivan how could I do this ? how could I be so stupid ? this could destroy the company ! mike the company ? who care about the company ? what about we ? that thing be a kill machine ! ck 46 . the girl spin around in a circle , get dizzy . little girl La la la la la la la la ... mike I bet it 's just wait for we to fall asleep , and then , wham ! we be easy prey my friend , easy prey ! we be sit target ! she fall over . Mike hold up a piece of paper . mike ( cont 'd ) okay , look , I think I have a plan here . use mainly spoon , we dig a tunnel under the city , and release it into the wild . Sullivan stare in disbelief . sullivan spoon . Mike crumple up the piece of paper , and toss it onto a large exist pile of crumpled plan . mike that 's it , I be out of idea . we be close . hot air balloon , too expensive . giant slingshot , too conspicuous . enormous wooden horse , too Greek ! the girl hold up a draw . little girl looka dooko teeko peeka ! sulley can not quite believe he eye . the draw be crude , but its unmistakably a picture of sulley and the girl holding hand . mike ( mutter to self ) no plan ... mo plan ... can not think ... can not think . flat-line ...flat-line . the kid yawn . sullivan uh , Mike , I think she 's get tired . 47 . mike well ! then why do not you find some place for it to sleep while I think of a plan ! Sullivan speak to the kid as though one might talk to a dog . sullivan so ... you sleepy ? you wanna sleep ? be that what you want ? huh ? she blink sleepily . int . sullivan 's room Sullivan lay a trail of cereal lead to the corner of the room . the kid follow , eat she way along the trail . Sullivan spread some newspaper on the floor and pour a pile of cereal on it . sullivan okay , alright , I be make a nice , little area for you to -- sulley hear a giggle . he turn around to find the kid in he bed . sullivan ( cont 'd ) no , hey ! that 's my bed ! you be gonna get you germ all over it ! the kid snuggle into the cover . sullivan ( cont have ) Fine . my chair 's more comfortable anyway . Sullivan start to walk out , but the kid whine anxiously . sullivan ( cont 'd ) what ? she 's point at he closet , mumbling . sullivan ( cont 'd ) it 's just a closet . will you go to sleep ? the girl hold up one of she drawing . sullivan ( cont 'd ) hey , that look like randall . ( put it together ) ( more ) cy 48. sullivan ( cont 'd ) randall 's you monster ! you think he 's gonna come through the closet and scare you ? oh boy , how do I explain this ... uh , it 's empty . see ? Sullivan open the closet . she pull cover over she head . sullivan ( cont 'd ) no monster in here ! Sullivan step inside . sullivan ( cont ‘d ) well , now there be ... but I be not gonna scare you . I be off duty . Sullivan step out . the kid look into the closet intently . his little demo have not quite do the trick ; she 's still afraid . sullivan ( cont 'd ) ( resign ) okay , how ' bout I sit here until you fall asleep ? Sullivan close the door and sit in front of the closet . the kid stare back at he , wide awake . sullivan ( cont 'd ) go ahead , go to sleep . now. now ! go ... she 's not get it . Sullivan try to mime he word . sullivan ( cont have ) uh , you ... go ... to ... sleep ! ( snore ! ) she giggle for a moment , then pass out . Sullivan breathes a sigh of relief . Sullivan watch the kid sleep , a tiny figure in he giant bed . funny , she do not look dangerous ... sulley quietly walk out of the room , shutting the door behind he . int . live room Mike be deep in think . sullivan hey Mike , this might sound crazy , but I do not think that kid 's dangerous . as 49 . mike really ? well in that case , let 's keep it . I always want a pet that could kill I !! sullivan . now look , what if we just put she back in she door ? mike what ? sullivan Mike , think about it , if we send she back , it 's like it never happen . everything go back to normal ! mike be that a joke ? tell I you be joke . Sullivan be not kid . mike ( cont 'd ) sulley , I no like to think that give the circumstance , I have be extremely forgive up ' till now , but that be a horrible idea ! what be we gonna do , march right out into public with that thing ? then I guess we just waltz right up to the factory , right ? as sulley listen to Mike , he eye be draw to the purple fabric of he recline chair . ext . m.i , . front entrance , day the purple fabric of sulley 's chair have now be reconstruct into a makeshift monster costume . mike I can not believe we be waltzing right up to the factory . sulley , a mop , a couple of light and some chair fabric be not gonna fool anyone ! just think about a few name will ya ? Loch ness , Big Foot , the abominable snowman . they all get one thing in common pal : banishment ! we could be next ! . sullivan do not panic ! we can do this . 50 . as they approach the lobby door , a fellow worker emerge . Sullivan turn , keep the kid hide behind he back . sullivan ( cont 'd ) hey , how you do , Frank ? frank hey , guy . Sullivan and Mike walk through the door into monster Inc . sullivan everything 's go to be okay . int . m.i. lobby cda agent be everywhere , comb the place . cda agent # 1 number one want this place dust for print ... they inspect a garbage can . cda agent # 2 careful with that ... they hang from the ceiling . cda agent # 3 I get a good view from here ... cda agent # 4 Little lower ... the lead cda agent show the charree remains of the MI gym bag to waternoose . lead cda agent this be recover at the scene . Mike and sulley barely dare to move . sullivan do not panic . do not panic ! mike do not tell I not to panic ! this be not okay , it 's not okay ! sullivan just stay calm ! cr ) o% & 51 . little girl ( 0.s. ) boo ! Sullivan and Mike turn toward the noise . the costume kid be waddling up to Mr. waternoose . Mike and sully be panic-stricken . waternoose ( to cda ) gentlemen , safety be we number one concern . now if there 's anything that -- the kid tug on waternoose 's arm . he turn around , annoyed . waternoose ( cont 'd ) not now , not now , I be ... ( see the kid ) oh ! hello , little one . where do you come from ? sullivan Mr. waternoose ! Sullivan and Mike run up . _ waternoose aha , James ! be this one yours ? Sullivan quickly sweep the kid up into he arm . sullivan uh , actually , that 's my cousin 's ... sister 's ... daughter , sir . mike yeah , it 's ... ah ... '' bring a obscure relative to work Day . '' waternoose hmmm , must have miss the memo . well , listen James , why do not you stop by the simulator after lunch today and give we that scare demonstration we talk about , 2 sullivan oh ! Sir , uh ... today might be a little -- the lead cda agent be anxious to get on with they work . cda agent Excuse I , Mr. waternoose ... 52 . waternoose yes , yes , I be come . ( to Sullivan ) - alright , then , I 'il see you this afternoon , James . that be , if this gentleman have not shut we down . Mr. waternoose exit with the cda . sullivan oh boy . + mike oh , a scare demo ! well that be great . why be I the last to know ? we can bring you cousin 's sister 's daughter along . she 'il be a big hit ! as .they walk off , a cda agent scan the area with a child detector . the agent point it towards the kid just as a random monster walk between they . the detector beeps . cda agent halt ! stop he ! the cda agent tackle the unsuspecting monster . ' Mike and Sullivan look back at the melee , and scurry out . int . locker room Sullivan , Mike , and the kid appear cautiously from behind a row of locker . mike come on , the coast be clear ! okay , all we have to do be get rid of that '' thing . '' so wait here , while I get its card key . sullivan but she can not stay here . this be the man 's room , . Mike stare at Sullivan as if . he be insane . mike that be the weirdest thing you have ever say . it 's fine ! it 's okay ! look , it love it here ! it 's dance with joy ! the kid be indeed dance . ( ) ‘5b . mike ( cont 'd ) ( exite ) I 'il be right back with its door key . Sullivan look down at the girl who be wiggling and mumbling . sullivan haha ! that 's a cute little dance you have get . it almost look like you get to -- ' the girl lift the hood of she costume . her face be uncomfortably scrunch . her hand ( flipper ) grab at she '' lower region . '' sullivan ( cont 'd ) ( realize ) oh! int . locker room , bathroom stall Sullivan stand wait in front of a bathroom stall . Inside , the kid sing . sullivan uh ... be you do in there ?. Sullivan start to poke the door open . little girl ( 0.s. ) yahh ! gwaa ! sullivan aah ! sorry ! sorry . Sullivan close the door , embarrassed . the song continue . the sing stop . then finally , a flush . sullivan ( cont 'd ) okay , you be finish now , right ? hello ? Sullivan slowly open the door . the stall be empty ! int . bathroom stall he rush in as the water in the giant toilet swirl around . surely she 's go down . he 's about to jam he arm into the bowl when ... : little girl ( 0.s. } boo ! of é for 54 . Sullivan spin around to find the girl stand behind he . sullivan ( relieved ) whew ! the girl wear a big goofy grin that say '' gotcha ! '' she giggle , then scamper off to hide behind another stall . Sullivan chuckle as he walk toward she . sullivan ( cont 'd ) ( over-selling ) where do she go ? do she disappear ? do she turn invisible ? I just have no idea ! she giggle in she stall , enjoy the game . Sullivan pause in front of she stall , then turn and open it . sullivan ( cont 'd ) gotcha ! it 's empty ! little girl boo ! she peek out from a different stall . sullivan {genuinely impressed ) hey , you be good ! int . scare hallway Mike prepare himself and walk towards roz 's station . mike ( to self ) be relaxed , be relaxed , be relaxed . int . roz 's station Mike approach roz 's desk . mike roz , my tender , ooze blossom , you be look fabulous today . be that a new haircut ? roz stare back at he , expressionless . ry ( 3 55 . mike ( cont 'd ) come on , tell I it 's a new haircut , be not it ? that 's get to be a new haircut . New make -up ? you have have a lift . you have have a tuck . you have have something . . something have be insert in you skin that make you look like - she 's unmove . mike ( cont have ) listen , I need a favor . randall be work late last night out on the scare floor . I really need the key for the door he be use . roz well , be not that nice . but guess what ? you do not turn in you paperwork last night . . mike he didn - I mean I - no ? p-p-paperwork ? roz this office be now close . ' roz slam the front panel of she desk on Mike 's finger . mike yaaaaaa ! int . locker room , bathroom stall Sullivan crawl playfully along the row of stall . : sullivan ready or not , here I come ! I be get warmer ! any second now ! fee , fi , foe ... Mike enter , rub he sore finger . mike what be you do ?! sullivan ( stand ) uh ... I be , uh , look for the kid . mike you lose it ?! ( 56 . sullivan no , no , she be just ~ - the girl run up and latch onto Sullivan ' 's arm , whimpering . sullivan ( cont 'd ) here she be . ( to the kid , comforting ) hey , what 's the matter ? Mike and Sullivan hear randall approach . randall ( 0.s. ) look , I already tell you buddy I have not see anything ! cda agent ( 0.s. ) alright . carry on . Sullivan , Mike and the kid duck into a stall and scramble atop the toilet to avoid be spot . randall enter the bathroom , growl . randall wash he hand . the kid see he through the crack in the door and whimper . sulley awkwardly do he best to comfort she . splish ! Mike 's foot slip into the toilet water . randall stop . do he hear something ? : fungus {suddenly enter the room ) randall : randall ( startle ) aah ! fungus thank goodness . what be we go to do about the child ?! randall will you ... shhhh ! randall grab fungus 's mouth , shutting he up . randall disappear . fungus look around , confuse . the last stall door in the row suddenly slam open . randall materialize . of ' fungus wait impatiently , point to the newspaper as ~ ' randall kick OPEN each stall door . the trio shudder in the stall , await they turn . just as randall be about to kick open they door , fungus pop in front of he . fungus ( impatiently ) the front page ! it 's on the front page ! the child ! the one you be after ! randall will you be quiet ?! do not you think I be aware of the situation ? I be up all night try to find it ! fungus : I do a simple calculation factore in the size of the sushi restaurant . the child may have escape ! randall yeah , well until we know for sure , we be '' gonna act like nothing happen , we understand ? you just get the machine up and run , I 'il take care of the kid . and when I find whoever let it out ... they be dead ! randall angrily hit the stall door . it swing open , expose sulley , Mike and the kid . it swing shut again . randall ( cont 'd ) ( to fungus ) why be you still here ?. come on ! go! move ! now ! fungus ( flustered ) . oh ! yes ! I be go ! I be not here ! randall and fungus exit . sullivan ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) they be go . beat . Mike slip . from behind the stall , toilet water splashes onto the floor . ( } 58. little girl ( 0.s. ) ewww . int . MI hallway Mike 's wet foot clod down the hallway drag toilet paper . mike this be bad . this be so very bad . sullivan what be they talk about , a machine ? mike who care ? sullivan look , do not panic . all we have to do be call she door down and send she home . mike you be right , you be right . we be just two regular joe , on we way to work . we will blend right in . int . scare floor the trio walk across the scare floor , whistling nonchalantly and loudly greeting co-worker . sullivan top of the mornin’ fella ! mike hey , what 's shakin’ bacon ? sullivan do you lose weight ? or a limb ? ( aside to Mike ) you get she card key , right ? mike of course I have she card key . I tell you I would get she card key . I go and get she card key , and now I have she card key . Mike surreptitiously steal a card key from the folder of a monster as he walk past . Mike swipe the card through the reader . a 59 . mike ( cont 'd ) okay , here we go . Mike watch the overhead track power up as Sullivan lean down to the girl . sullivan ( whisper ) take care of yourself . and try not to run through any more closet ! Sullivan and the kid both chuckle . a old wooden door land in they station . sullivan ( cont 'd ) Mike , that 's not she door . mike what be you talk about ? of course it 's she door . it 's she door ! sullivan no , she door be white , and it have flower on it . mike no , it must have be dark last night , because this be its door . Mike swing the door open , yodelling music pour out . mike ( cont 'd ) hey , you hear that ? sound like fun in there ! okay , send I a postcard , kid . that 's mike wazowski , care of 22 , '' mike wazowski you got you life back '' lane ! little girl Mike wajowski ! mike { ( " '' yeah , whatever 's ) very good . now bon voyage . bye -bye ! Mike pick up a pencil and toss it through the open door . mike ( cont have ) look at the stick ! see the stick ? go get the stick ! go fetch ! sulley slam the door shut . 60 . oo ke sullivan Mike , this be not boo 's door . mike '' boo ? '' what 's '' boo ? '' sullivan that ' 's ... what I decide to call she . be there a problem ? mike sulley , you be not suppose to name it . once you name it , you start get attach to it ! now put that thing back where it come from , or so help I --! Mike halt abruptly . he and sulley look up to see the entire scare floor stare at they . mike ( cont 'd ) oh , hey ! we be rehearse a scene for the upcoming company play ... call ... '' put that thing back where it come from ... or so help I ! " heh , heh . it 's : a musical ! ~ ( sing ) mn put that thing back where it come from , or so help I ... Sullivan join in . sullivan bom , bom , bom , bom ... mike so help I , .. so help I ... and cut ! heh , heh . we nre still work on it . it 's a work in progress . but hey , we need usher ! everyone go back to work . mike ( cont 'd ) sulley , I have have enough ! now say good - bye to -- Mike point to where boo stand moment before . she 's go . mike ( cont have ) where have it go ? what do you do with it ? ian 61 . sullivan ( panicked ) where be she ? aah ! boo ! mike I do not believe it , she get away from you again ?! well that be just -- ( beat ) wait a minute ... the sun be come up ... ( brighten ) this be perfect ! ha , ha ! she 's go ! Sullivan be not listen . he scan for boo , then take off towards the entrance . mike ( cont have ) hey , hey , hey , hey ... where be you go ?! Sullivan stride off , scan the room as he go . Mike grab onto Sullivan 's tail , try to slow he down . mike ( cont have ) sulley , please , do not blow this ! not when we be so close to break the record ! somebody else will find the kid . Sullivan pull Mike into a adjacent hallway . int . MI hallway mike it will be they problem , not ours ! she 's out of we hair ! Sullivan turn the corner and slam into randall . like silly putty , randall pick up sulley 's fur texture and color . randall quickly change back . randall what be you two do ? a random assistant walk by . random assistant they be rehearse a play ! mike ( sing ) she 's out of we hair ! 62 . '' randall can it , wazowski ! so , what do you think of that kid get out , Sullivan ? pretty crazy , huh ? sullivan oh yeah , crazy . heh . randall Word on the street be the kid 's be trace back to this factory . you have not see anything , have you ? behind randall , Mike and sulley spot boo emerge from behind a ash can . she scamper off down the hall . sullivan ( nervous ) well ... uh ... er , uh ... mike no ! no way ! but if it be a inside job , I ’a@ put my money on waxford . randall L waxford ? '' mike yeah , the one over at station six . you know , he 's get they shifty eye . across the room , waxford turn and look around , revealing many shifty eye . randali 's eye narrow . he head off towards waxford . randall hey ! waxford ! what time do you leave last night ? . Sullivan head off after boo . Mike run after he . mike sulley ! celia ( 0.8 . ) Michael wazowski ! Mike gasp . celia be right in front of he , scuff , bruise , and wear a elizabethan collar around she neck . y fh 63. celia ( cont 'd ) last night be one of the worst night of my entire life , bar none ! celia 's snake hiss . they all wear little dog collar too . celia ( cont 'd ) I think you care about I ! Mike shoot a look at randall . be he hearing this ? mike honey , please shmoopsie , I think you like sushi . celia Sushi ? Sushi ?!! you think this be about sushi ? ! this get randall 's attention . he turn towards Mike . mike schmoopsie ... heh heh ... shhh ... panick , Mike grab celia and kiss her to keep she quiet . randall look down at he newspaper . the front page read : kid sighting at sushi restaurant . ' randall study the blurred photo of the kid in the restaurant . in the background of the photo , blurred but unmistakable , be Mike ! randall wazowski ! randall look up , but Mike be go . celia lie on the ground . celia ( call ) Michael ! mi- ( bitterly ) men. int . misc . hallway Mike sprint through the hallway of monster Inc . he zip past a water cooler , leap over a trash can , and scurries around a corner . he come to a stop in front of a portrait of waternoose , and breathes a sigh of relief . '' randall uncamouflages out of the painting . fk 64 . mike yikes ! randall grab Mike and push he against the wall . randall where 's the kid ? mike ( nervously look around ) kid ? heh heh , what kid ? randall it 's here in the factory , be not it ? Mike can not take the pressure . mike you be not pin this on I ! it never would have get out if you have not be cheating last night ! randall cheate ?! I -- a smile spread across randall 's face . randall ( cont have ) cheate . right . okay , I think I know how to make this all go away . what happen when the whistle blow in five minute ? mike uh , I ... get a time out ? randall everyone go to lunch ! which mean the scare floor will be ... mike paint ? randall ( lose it ) empty ! it will be empty , you idiot ! you see that clock ? Mike nod . randall grab Mike 's arm , use they as a visual aid to drive home he point . randall ( cont have ) when the big hand be point up ... 65 . '' ~ we randall twist Mike 's arm . ouch ! 1 randall ( cont 'd ) ... and the little hand be point up ... another twist and gasp from Mike . randall ( cont 'd ) ... the kid 's door will be in my station . but , when the big hand point down ... this one really hurt . mike ( wince ) ooooh ! randall ... the door will be go . you have until then to put the kid back . get the picture ? Mike nod in pain . int . misc . hallway a ns boo waddle down a hall in she disguise , babbling happily . she climb a stack of box next to a garbage can . Sullivan run down the hall search for boo . he spot she . sullivan ( relieved ) boo ! boo fall into the trash can . sullivan ( cont have ) no ! behind he , Sullivan hear ... cda agent # 1 ( 0.s. ) hey , you ! halt ! Sullivan freeze as two cda agent head towards he . . cda agent # 2 you be the one . _ sullivan ( panicked ) ck 66 . cda agent # 1 the one from the commercial ! cda agent # 2 affirmative , that 's he . cda agent # 1 carr we get a autograph ? sullivan ( relieved ) oh ! oh , sure ... no problem . cda agent # 1 if you could make that out to bethany , my daughter ... the geek , smitty and needleman , emerge from a door , grab the trash can , and wheel it away . sulley notice this turn of event . the geek sullivan ah , yes ! let 's see ... ( signing quickly ) '' from you scary friend ... best wish ... '' stop in front of a trash chute . needleman ...80 then I say '' if you talk to I like that again , we be through . '' smitty what would she say ? needleman you know my mom . she send I to my room . behind the geek , boo climb out of the garbage . as she do , one of she eye stalk pop off and land in the trash . she waddle off down a hallway . meanwhile , sulley have finish signing . cda agent # 1 thanks a lot . sullivan see you guy later . take it easy ! ( L Sullivan turn to see the geek dump the garbage into the chute . ' the loose eyestalk rest atop the garbage pile , make it look like boo be in amongst the trash . needleman bottom up ! boo 's eye stalk and trash go tumble down the garbage chute . Sullivan gasp . int . stairwell Sullivan come hurl down the stair , panting . int . trash compactor viewing room Sullivan burst into the room . from behind glass , Sullivan watch the load of garbage -- include boo 's eye stalk -- move towards a large smash machine . sullivan ( muffle ) booo !!! int . misc . hallway boo come skip around a corner and run into a group of monster kid . a monster day care worker notice boo . day care worker oh ! well hello there ! what 's you name ? boo Mike wazowski ! int . trash compactor room sulley react in horror as the eyestalk and trash move through a meat grinder , smash hammer , chopping blade , '' and under a large roller . finally the machine spit out a compressed cube of garbage . the cube travel down a-conveyor belt towards sulley . atop the cube , still visible , be boo 's eye stalk . sulley reach for it and faint . int . lobby Mike run in , search for sulley . 68 . mike sulley ?! sulley ! int . locker room Mike scan the room . mike okay , sulley . come on , enough ! Mike see George and Charlie . mike ( cont 'd ) hey ! you guy see sulley anywhere ? GEORGE nope , sorry . mike oh , sulley ! Mike run off . GEORGE Boy , wazowski look like he 's in trouble . George open he locker . the toy and kid junk from boo 's room ~~ which sulley stuff in the night before -- fall out onto George . ( *. GEORGE ( cont 'd ) uh ... ugh . charlie ( gasp ! ) twenty - three nineteen ! we have a twenty - three nineteen ! cda agent burst out from the bathroom stall . cda agent halt ! GEORGE oh dear . George be take down . int . misc . hallway Mike turn a corner , desperate now . mike sulley ! sulley ! he spot Sullivan staggering along pathetically , cradling he '' boo garbage cube '' in he arm . mike ( cont 'd ) sulley ! great news , pal ! I get we a way out of this mess , but we gotta hurry . where be it ? . Sullivan whimper as he show Mike the cube . mike ( cont 'd ) ( confuse ) sull , that 's a cube of garbage . Mike spot the eye stalk . mike ( cont have ) uh-oh. sullivan ( sobbing ) I can still hear she little voice . boo ( 0.s. ) Mike wazowski ! Mike lean in closer to the garbage cube . for i mike hey , I can hear it too . multiple day - care kide ( 0.s. ) Mike wazowski ! mike how many kid you get in there ? day -care kide ( 0.s.. ) Mike wazowski ! Mike and Sullivan turn to see a line of monster child , lead by the day care worker . boo be at the end , still in she monster costume , minus one eye stalk . boo Kitty ! sullivan boo ! > Sullivan run to boo . he toss the cube , which land on mike. 70 . ro a Sullivan pick she up , and hug she tightly . : sullivan ( cont 'd ) boo ! oh , you be all right ! I be so worried . I be -- ( suddenly stern ) do not you ever run away from I again young lady . ( back to mushy ) oh , but I be so glad you be safe . day care worker {sweetly } my , what a affectionate father . sullivan uh , actually , she 's my cousin 's ... sister 's -- mike ( cut he off ) okay , sulley , that 's enough . let 's go . a little day care monster kid step up to Mike . | ~ day care kid Mike wazowski ! mike yeah , yeah , step aside , kid . we be in a -- Mike wave the kid away . without warning , the kid bite he . Mike yelp in pain . boo laugh hysterically . the light overhead glow intensely , then burst . the day care kid scream . sullivan will you stop make boo laugh ? . mike I do not ! just come on ! Mike frees he hand . he and Sullivan run down the hallway . int . MI hallway Sullivan hold boo as he and Mike run down a hallway . o> sullivan I still do not understand , you nve get boo 's door ? 71 . om mike I will explain later . run ! int . scare floor the floor be dark and empty ; everyone be still at lunch . mike okay , let 's move , let 's move , let 's move ! Mike close he eye , not dare to hope ... mike ( cont would ) oh please be there , please be there , please be there ... in a station . Mike open he eye and spot boo' door mike ( cont 'd ) there it be ! just like randall say ! sullivan ( stop ) wait a minute ... randall ?! boo squirm out of Sullivan 's arm and run off under a desk . 3 Sullivan try to calm she . ne sullivan ( cont no ) whoa , hey ! it 's okay , boo . mike {oblivious ) one - two - three - four , get the kid back we be gonna get we through the door . the nightmare be over ! life back ! Mike turn around and see Sullivan . mike ( cont 'd ) hey , what 's the matter ? come on , it 's time to move ! Sullivan lift boo from under the table . , sullivan Mike , what be you think ? we can not trust randall ! he 's after boo ! mike this be a limited who care ? let 's go ! time offer ! 72 . sullivan ( surveying the floor ) no , no , I do not like this ... mike look , sulley . you want she door , and there it be ! now let 's move ! sullivan no , Mike . Sullivan hold onto boo tightly . mike you want I to prove everything 's on the up and up ? Fine ! Mike storm toward boo 's door . mike ( cont 'd ) omutter ) he want the door , I get the door . he do not want the door . paranoid , delusional fur-ball ... ~ Mike open boo 's door . sullivan Mike , wait ! Mike enter the room and jump on the bed . suddenly a large BOX cover Mike and snatch he away . boo whimper . Sullivan quickly duck under a desk . randall peek out of boo 's room and emerge with the BOX . boo see randall and whimper , Sullivan gently shush she . she nod and go quiet . randall load the box into a trick out hollow scream cart , slam the 1id close , and head for the hallway . sulley and boo watch randall exit . suddenly boo slip and fall forward with a noise . boo ooof ! _ randall snap to attention and disappear . ry ( h 73. sulley peer out from under the desk . randall be go ! but where be he ? : a piece of paper slip off a nearby desk and flutter to the ground . sulley barely dare breathe . on the other side of the desk , randall silently uncamouflages . neither one see the other , but randall be moving closer to sulley by the second . the lunch bell ring . randall rush off to he cart as monster return from lunch . Sullivan grab boo and sprint after randall as he push he cart out into the hallway . floor manager hey sulley , where you be all day ? ( sulley run past ) sulley ? sulley ? int . hallway Sullivan follow randall through the hall , barely able to keep up . Sullivan follow randall around a corner to a dead end . sullivan ( confuse ) huh ? disassembled scream cart and tool sit idle ; randall be nowhere to be see . Sullivan check the cart for Mike . sullivan ( cont 'd ) Mike ? Mike , where be ya ? you in there ? where be you , buddy ? meanwhile , boo play with some tool hang on a work panel . tugging on a wrench , boo accidentally open a secret panel , revealing a dark corridor . boo Da gey makada bol ! sullivan boo ! Way to go ! — 74 . int . secret passageway Sullivan tiptoe down the dark passageway , carry boo . she whimper . sullivan it 's okay . the door slam shut behind they . Sullivan continue . int . refinery hallway sulley hear the echoey voice of randall and fungus , which grow clearer as sulley get closer to they . fungus ( 0.s. ) uhm , so to confirm , then , you do find ' the ah ... randall ( 0.s. ) yes ! I get the kid ! fungus oh , huzzah ! that 's great news . n- not that I be concerned of course , I know - randall just , get over here and help I ! int . secret lab - continuous Sullivan and boo peer through a wall of pipe . they see fungus , randall , and the scream cart . randall come on , come on , come on ! while we be young here , fungus ! randall and fungus lift the BOX out of the scream cart . randall ( cont 'd ) ( struggle ) kid need to take off a few pound . they dump the box out into a chair , revealing Mike . this be not what randall be expect . randall ( cont 'd ) wazowski ?! where be it , you little one eye creetin ? cy ( l 75 . mike okay , first of all it 's cretin . if you be go to threaten I , do it properly . second of all , you nre nut if you think kidnap I be gonna help you cheat you way to the top ! randall chuckle evilly . randall you still think this be about that stupid scare record ? mike well , I do ... right up until you chuckle like that . now I be think I should just get out of here . randall clamp Mike into the chair . randall I be '' about to revolutionize the scare industry . and when I do , even the '' great '' James P. Sullivan be gonna be work for I . mike ( weakly ) well , somebody 's certainly be a busy bee . randall first I need to know where the kid be . and you be gonna tell I . mike hey , I do not know anything ! randall uh huh . sure . randall nod to fungus , who press button on the console . mike I do not ! a large , vacuum - like machine lower from the ceiling . mike ( cont 'd ) oh oh . what 's that ? ch , 76 . Sullivan watch as the machine continue to lower from the ceiling . it be a intimidatingly large contraption , jerry - rig from extra scare Station part . mike ( cont 'd ) the thing be move ! come on ! please ! I do not like big move thing that be move towards I . no , come on , hey ! randall ! the machine stop in front of Mike . randall give it a pat . randall say hello to the scream extractor . mike hello . randall walk away , towards the control panel . mike ( cont 'd ) come on ! where be you go ? we ’1ll talk ! come on , we all have a latte ! randall activate the machine . a oxygen-like mask inch toward Mike 's face . mike ( cont 'd ) wait , wait ! no! come on ! hey ! behind the pipe , Sullivan back into the darkness with boo. Mike scream . the device be now inch away from he face . mike help , help ! help ! the machine 's suction pull Mike 's lip closer , then suddenly stop , power down with a whir . Mike sigh , relieved . randall turn angrily on fungus . randall oh , for ... what do you do wrong this time ? fungus I do not know . I calibrate the drive shaft -- randall go check the machine ! cf. 77.° fungus ( run to the machine ) there must be something wrong with the scream intake valve . randall sigh , frustrated . on the back of the console , he see the cord wiggling . randall huh ? he follow the cord along the floor around a corner ... randall ( cont 'd ) hmmm ... int . refinery hallway randall see that the machine have be unplugge . int . secret lab fungus adjust the machine . Mike whisper to he . ' mike pssst. fungus. fungus ! you like car ? huh ? because I get a really nice car . you let I go , and I will give you ... a ride in the car . please fungus ? fungus I be sorry , wazowski , but randall say I be not allow to fraternize with victim of he evil plot . fungus be suddenly pull up into the ceiling by a pair of large blue hand . Mike smile in recognition . int . refinery hallway randall plug the machine back in . it power up . int . secret lab randall enter to see fungus strapped into the machine . randall what happen ?! where 's wazowski ?! fungus struggle and grow pale as the machine do its work . randall hit a switch on the console , turn it off . ( ' 78. randall ( cont 'd ) where be he ?! a nearly albino fungus point weakly towards the exit . randall take off angrily . fungus collapse . int . MI hallway Sullivan , Mike and boo burst from the tool panel doorway and run down the hall . mike this be crazy ! he 's gonna kill we ! they nearly bump into a group of cda agent , inspect a trash can . cda agent ( to fellow agent ) careful with that . could be contaminate . Mike , sulley and boo do a quick detour , avoid the cda . mike we gotta get outta here - now ! we can start a whole new life somewhere far away ! good- bye monster Inc .! good-bye Mr. waternoose ! Mike run through a side exit door , out of the factory . Sullivan stop . sullivan no , Mike , wait ! Sullivan turm back the way they come . mike hey ! what be you do ?! sullivan ( call back ) follow I ! I have a idea ! mike no , no , no , no , no , no !!! 79 . int . simulator / tryout room waternoose ( 0.s. ) no , no , no , no , no ! thaddeus bile be stand on one leg , stick he tongue out at the animatronic kid . computer voice ( v.0o . ) simulation terminate . simulation terminate . waternoose what be that ? you be try to scare the kid , not lull it to sleep ! the recruit sit in they usual chair , take note . bile I be go for a snake / ninja approach , with a little hiss . ssss ! waternoose how many time do I have to tell you ?! it 's all about presence ! about how you enter the room ! Sullivan burst into the room hold boo , Mike follow . sullivan Mr. waternoose ! waternoose James ! perfect timing ! sullivan no , no , Sir , you do not understand -- waternoose ah ! now show this monster how it 's do . sullivan what ? no , I can not , I - I ... Sir , Sir , you have to listen to I -- waternoose grab boo from Sullivan and hand she to Mike . mike eeeh ! 80. no waternoose {to recruit ) pay attention everyone ! you be about to ' see the best in the business ! ( to flint ) reset the simulator . sullivan Sir , I ... b- but Sir ! waternoose position Sullivan on the stage and step behind the control panel . the light in the room dim , and the animatronic kid reset . mother ( 0.s. ) goodnight , sweetheart . child ( 0.s. ) goodnight , mom. father ( 0.s. ) sleep tight , kiddo . Mike set boo down . she immediately run toward sullivan on the stage . ~ boo ( happily ) Kitty ! mike no , boo ! no ! waternoose now give we a big , loud roar ! sullivan Mr. waternoose , there 's no time for this -- " waternoose come on ! come on ! what be you wait for ? roar ! sullivan b- but Sir ! waternoose be determine . waternoose roar ! ! with no other choice ... o' 81 . sullivan raaaahhhrerr ! ! ! and a mighty roar it be . the animatronic kid scream . by now boo have reach the stage , close enough to feel the full impact of Sullivan 's roar . his glaring eye and snarling teeth be genuinely horrifying . Sullivan have become a gruesome , terrible monster . . boo 's face widen in fear . the recruit be impressed . waternoose well do ! well do , James . terrify , boo run to hide . Sullivan see she go . sullivan boo ? waternoose and flint escort the recruit out of the room . waternoose alright , gentleman , I hope you learn a valuable lesson in scare today . read chapter two and three in you manual . I x11 see you all in the morning . Sullivan find boo , hide in the shadow , crying . sullivan boo ?. Sullivan reach for boo , try to calm and reassure she . boo struggle to get away . sullivan ( cont no ) boo ? boo , it 's I . she back away from Sullivan and trip over a cable . her hood flop OPEN , revealing she scare face . : waternoose ( gasp ! ) the child ! Mike rush in to explain . mike Sir , she be not toxic . I know , it sound erazy , but . trust I ... - 82. as Mike continue , Sullivan approach boo , who be petrify . sullivan boo ? it 's okay , I be just ... Sullivan reach towards boo . she cringe . sullivan ( cont have ) oh no , no do not be scared . that be not real , it 's just that ... I be just - behind boo be the bank of monitor , display a still image of sullivan' fearsome roar . this be the way hundred of child see he every night in they room . this be what boo see . Sullivan look down at boo , who be crying . sullivan ( cont 'd ) boo. she run from Sullivan towards waternoose , hide behind one of he crab leg . sullivan ( cont 'd ) boo ! Mike be still explain the situation to waternoose . mike ... and he be try to kill we ! this whole thing be randali 's fault ! waternoose randall ? mike yes ! and we can take you to he secret lab , which be right here in this factory . waternoose be stunne . he let this information sink in . waternoose how could this happen ? how could this happen ? ! ( beat ) do anyone else know about . this ? mike no , sir. 83 . waternoose good . ' this company can not afford any more bad publicity . now , before we do anything else , let 's take care of the child . waternoose pick up boo . Sullivan watch she , full of remorse . int . simulator / tryout room , next to door station waternoose flip a switch and the simmlator door eject , just like the scare floor . it travel away on a overhead track . waternoose I never think thing would come to this . not in my factory . I be sorry you boy get mix up in this . especially you , James . but now we can set everything straight again , for the good of the company . . sulley try in vain to catch boo 's eye . a huge metal door lower into the station with a bang . mike uh , Sir , that 's not she door . waternoose I know , I know ... randall uncamouflages in front of the door , and open it . snow swirl through from the other side . waternoose ( cont have ) it 's yours . : waternoose push Mike and sulley through the door . mike / sullivan aaaaahhhhhhh ! ! ! ext . snow - cover mountain range , late afternoon a blizzard rage . sulley and Mike land face down in the snow . waternoose stand in the doorway , hold boo . Sullivan make a run for the door , but it 's slam in he face . {rk 84 . sullivan no ! sulley pull the door open and see only more snow . the portal to the monster world be close . sullivan ( cont 'd ) boo !!! Mike and sulley be in the middle of a snowy mountain range . panicked , Sullivan open and slam the door , but nothing change . sullivan ( cont 'd ) no , no , no ! no! no ! no !!! behind he , Mike watch angrily . mike it 's too late ! we be banish , genius ! we nre in the human world ! oh , what a great idea go to you old pal waternoose ! too bad he be in on the whole thing ! all you have to do be listen to I , just once ! but you do not , aid you ?! Sullivan desperately run he hand along the side of the door , look for anything that might activate it . mike ( cont 'd ) you be still not listen !!! aaaaaaaaaahhh ! Mike leap onto Sullivan 's back , send both of they tumble down the side of the snowy mountain . sullivan /mike aaaaaaaaaah ! Mike continue to pound at Sullivan as they flip over a embankment , landing with a thud several yard below . mike take that ! suddenly , a huge shadow cover they . they look up to see a giant monster ! yeti welcome to the himalayas ! '' ' ( 85 . int . yeti 's cave yeti abominable ! can you believe that ? do I look abominable to you ? Mike huddle around the lantern for warmth . he 's wear mitten on he horn , hand and foot . yeti ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) why can not they call I the '' adorable snowman ? '' or the '' agreeable '' snowman for ery out loud ? I be a nice guy . ( offer ) snowcone ? the yeti hold out a tray of yellow snowcone . mike '' ( disgust ) yeech . yeti oh , no , no , no . do not worry . it 's lemon . ( to Sullivan ) how about you , big fella ? snowcone ? Sullivan sit at the mouth of the cave , stare at he hand . sullivan ( mutter to himself ) do you see the way she look at I ? in anguish , he bury he face in he hand . yeti - oh , poor guy . I understand . it be not easy be banish . take my buddy bigfoot . when he be banish he fashioned a enormous diaper out of poison ivy and wear it on he head like a tiara . call himself '' King itchy . '' Mike look up at yeti as though he 's insane . yeti ( cont ’d ) tt will not be so hard for you guy . how lucky can you get ? banish with you best friend . mike he be not my friend : ay 86 . yeti oh ! I just assume you be buddy , when I see you out there in the snow , hugging and all ... Mike stare angrily at Sullivan . mike look at that big jerk . ruine my life , and for what ? ( yell to Sullivan ) a stupid kid ! because of you , I be now stick in this freeze wasteland ! yeti wasteland ? I think you mean with and ! I mean , how ' bout all this fabulous snow , huh ? and wait ' till you see the local village - cutest thing in the world ! I have not even mention all the free yak 's milk ... for the first time , Sullivan turn , he eye alive . sullivan what do you say ? yeti uh , yak 's milk . milk a yak be not exactly a picnic , but you know , once you pick the hair out , it 's very nutritious . Sullivan jump up , run across the cave , and grab the yeti . sullivan no , no , something about a village ! where !? be there kid in it ? yeti kid ? sure ! tough kid , sissy kid , kid who climb on rock ... this diversion be more that Sullivan can handle sullivan where be it ?! yeti at the bottom of the mountain , around a three day hike . sullivan Three day ?! we need to get there now ! ( 87 . sulley punch the wall in frustration , send a piece of ice across the floor . it stop in front of a pile of hiker paraphernalia pile in the corner of the cave . sulley 's eye light up . he have a idea . yeti watch as Sullivan dig through the stuff . you wanna go to the village ? number one out here , always ... no . yeti okay , rule never go out in a blizzard . sullivan ( focus on he task ) we need a snowball hit Sullivan in the back . to get to boo ! yeti point to Mike nervously -- he do it . boo ?! smack ! ( L ignore mike what about we ! Mike throw another snowcone . mike ( cont 'd ) ever since that kid come in you ' have everything I have say . and now look where we be ! smack ! we be sulley ! none of none of none of great . do not mike ( cont 'd ) about to break the record , we would have have it make ! sullivan . that matter now . mike it matter ? wait a second ... it matter ?! okay . that 's good . so now the truth come out , it ? there be a uncomfortable pause . yeti oh , would you look at that , we be outta snowcone ! let I just go outside and make some more . the yeti leave . r) a 88. mike sulley , what about everything we ever work for ? do that matter ? huh ? and what about celia ? I be never gonna see she again . do not that matter ? Sullivan have finish building a makeshift toboggan . in silence , he slowly push it past Mike . mike ( cont 'd ) and what about I ? I be you pal . I be you best friend .. do not I matter ? Sullivan stop at the mouth of the cave and turn around . sullivan I be sorry Mike . I be sorry we be stick out here . I do not mean for this to happen . but boo 's in trouble . I think there might be a way to save she . if we can just get down to that -- mike we ? whoa ! we ? no . there 's no '' we '' this time , pal . if you want to go out there and freeze to death , you be my guest . because you be on you own . Mike turn he back on Sullivan , fold he arm . there be nothing Sullivan can say . he turn and push the toboggan out of the cave . the cave grow dark . Mike stare in disbelief . Sullivan be go . ext . himalayan mountainside , night Sullivan race down the mountainside on he makeshift sled . the lantern dangle from a ski pole on the sled , lighting the way as sulley navigate the treacherous terrain . he zip by the yeti , hold a fresh tray of snow . yeti hey , I get more snowcone ! the sled narrowly miss boulder , and pick up speed until ... sullivan whoa ! for ch 89 . Sullivan 's sled smashes into a boulder , and burst apart . he tumble down the mountainside , finally slide to a stop , face down in the snow . sulley lie motionless in the snow , the wind howling through he fur . a child scream in the distance . or be that the wind ? Sullivan slowly lift he head . another scream , this one louder than the first . Sullivan 's eye widen . through the snow , Sullivan can barely make out a SMALL tibetan village . int . scare floor George sanderson lean on he crutch , nervously tremble as he stand in front of he door with he assistant , Charlie . charlie oh , come on now , George . I know you can do this ! I pick out a easy door for you , in Nepal ! Nice , quiet Nepal . GEORGE ( resolve ) you know , you be right . ( hand Charlie he crutch ) here , take this . charlie go get ‘em , georgie ! as George . step up to the door , Sullivan burst through , trampling George . sullivan . see ... gangway !. look out ! __coming_through ! George lie flatten on the ground . sullivan ( cont have ) ( call back ) sorry , George ! charlie what the --? hey ! you can not just - as George stagger to he foot , Charlie spot a sock stick to he chest . Charlie 's eye go wide . ( '. 90 . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( gasp ! ) twenty - three nine -- before Charlie can finish , George grab he by the throat , stuff the sock in he mouth , and toss he in the child 's bedroom . George relax , whistling happily as he walk away . int . hallway Sullivan run past various monster in the hallway . sullivan outta the way ! misc . monster hey ! int . secret lab randall strap boo into the scream extractor chair . she whimper as waternoose look on . waternoose ( to randall ) . finally ! I never should have trust you with this . because of you , I have to banish my top scarer ! randall eh , with this machine , we will not need scarer . besides , Sullivan get what he deserve . waternoose Sullivan be twice the scarer you will ever be ! : randall glare at waternoose . int . hallway Sullivan rip off the door to the secret passageway and run through . int . secret lab fungus revs up the machine . waternoose and randall watch with anticipation as the machine near boo 's face . in fear , she call out for Sullivan . fk 91 . boo Kitty ! just in time , Sullivan rush in , roaring angrily . he grab the scream extractor and force it away from boo . boo ( cont 'd ) ( happily ) Kitty ! sullivan I be sorry , boo . waternoose look as if he 's see a ghost . waternoose Sullivan ? with a massive effort , Sullivan wrench the machine from its mooring and throw it towards randall , waternoose and fungus . it pin they to the wall . Sullivan frees boo from the chair . waternoose turn to randall , who have manage to escape . waternoose ( cont 'd ) stop he ! randall camouflage , disappear . Sullivan pick boo out of the chair . sullivan let 's get you home . Sullivan pick up boo 's door card key and run towards the exit . suddenly sulley be knock back into the room , as if punch by nothing . waternoose ( 0.s. ) pinish he off ! Sullivan keep get punch . he can not see where it 's come from . behind he , a scream can rise into the air and hit he on the head . sulley fall to the ground , still hold boo . randall materialize , hang from the ceiling . or 92 . randall you do not know how long I have want to do that , Sullivan ! Sullivan swing at randall and miss . use he tail as a whip , randall send sulley fly out into the hallway . Sullivan land with a thud . boo spill out of he arm . she quickly hide in a crevice in the hallway . Sullivan be hit in the face with a snowball . he turn to see ... sullivan Mike ? mike look , it 's not that I do not care about the kid . sullivan Mike , you do not understand -- mid-sentence , sulley be attacked by a invisible randall . Mike continue he apology , oblivious . mike yes I do , I be just mad , that 's all ! I need some time to think . but you should not have leave I out there ! Sullivan be slammed against the wall . sullivan ( wind ) I be be attack ! mike no , I be not attack you ! I be try to be honest ! just hear I out ! look , you and I be a team . nothing be more important than we friendship . boo tug on Mike 's arm , and point at the invisible randall . mike ( cont 'd ) I know , kid , he 's too sensitive . invisible randall choke Sullivan , who gasp for air . ( respect 93. mike ( cont 'd ) come on pal , if you start cry , I be gonna cry , and I will never get through this . Sullivan grab futilely at he neck . mike ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I be not there for you ... but I be now . sulley be about to black out . mike ( cont 'd ) nannoy ) hey , sulley , I be bear my soul here ! the least you could do be pay attention ! Mike hurl he snowball towards Sullivan , but instead it smashes into randall 's invisible face , exposing he to view . Sullivan punch randall , knock he out . randall collapse to the ground , become visible again . Sullivan gasp for breath . mike ( cont 'd ) hey , look at that ! it 's randall ! oput it all together ) ohhbhhh . Sullivan pick up boo and Mike and run out . sullivan come on ! randall be beginning to come to . waternoose yell at he from behind the machine . waternoose get up ! there can not be any witness ! randall lift himself off the ground . randall there will not be . int . MI hallway : Sullivan run down the hallway , carry both boo and Mike . sullivan I be glad you camé back , Mike . r) ( & 94 . mike hey , somebody have to take care of you , you big hairball . a horrible scream get Mike 's attention . it 's celia ! snake flow wildly , she leap through the air and tackle he to the ground . mike ( cont 'd ) shmoopsie poo ! I really can not talk ... sullivan come on ! sulley drag Mike away . celia be not about to - be leave behind again . she hold onto Mike , and so be drag after he . celia Michael , if you do not tell I what 's go on right now , we be through . do you hear I ? through ! mike ( be pull from both side ) okay , here 's the truth ! you know the kid that they be look for ? sulley let she in ! we try to send she back , but waternoose have a secret plot and now randall 's right behind we and he 's try to kill we ! celia you expect I to believe that pack of lie , Mike wazowski ?! boo pop up from behind Sullivan 's shoulder . boo Mike wazowski ! celia shriek in surprise . she let go of Mike as he and sulley round the corner towards the scare floor . mike ( call back ) I love you , shmoopsie poo ! randall and fungus come run down the hall , chasing after Sullivan and Mike . they trip over a slow monster push a scream cart . ( % 95 . randall will you move it ! look out , you idiot ! celia 's eye widen , then narrow in determination . int . scare floor Sullivan and Mike run onto the crowded scare floor and head for a empty station . mike look out ! come through here ! come through ! make way ! move it ! sullivan sorry ! they swipe boo 's card key and wait anxiously for she door to arrive . mike hurry up , hurry up ! randall and fungus run out onto the scare floor . randall ( spot Mike and sulley ) . there they be ! Sullivan and Mike turn at the sound of randall 's voice . celia ( over p.a. ) attention , employee ! randall bogg have just break the all - time scare record ! randall and fungus be mobbed by a collection of excited employee , who trap the duo . randall huh ? no I do not ! get out of my way ! employee walla Way to go , randall ! Nice job ! int . hallway celia hang up a intercom phone with a smile . success ! celia go get ‘em , googley bear . ( % 96 . int . scare floor sulley and Mike watch as fungus and randall struggle to break free of the crowd . boo squeal happily as she door enter the scare floor on the conveyor belt above . mike ( point ) there it be ! meanwhile fungus be be toss happily into the air by the celebratory group . fungus whoa ! ha ha ! randall get off my tail ! let I through ! randall be finally able to push he way through the mob . he head towards Sullivan . boo 's door will not reach they station before randall . Sullivan punch a red panic button on the keypad . a alarm sound and boo 's door , poise high above the station , head back into the door vault . Sullivan run toward in the next station over . all the door be be return to the vault . mike sulley , what be you do ? sullivan grab on , Mike ! with boo in one hand , sulley grab the door as . it sail out of its station . Mike manage to grab onto sulley 's tail . mike be you out of you miiiiind ? randall watch the trio cling to the door hang overhead . he climb aboard a door be eject and sail up onto the track several door behind sulley , Mike , and boo . the two dozen door glide towards the vault . ( . 97 . int . connecting door tunnel Sullivan , Mike and boo follow boo 's door down a long corridor . mike sulley , what be we do ?! sullivan we have to get boo 's door and find a station ! mike what a plan . simple , yet insane ! randall hang from a door two behind they . he leap forward one door , close the gap . int . door vault the corridor open up into a massive room . million of door , as far as the eye can see , travel on overhead track . sullivan whoa . mike oh boy . they door suddenly pitch forward . sullivan hold on ! they speed through the vault as if on a roller coaster ride . mike / sullivan aaaah ! sullivan do not look down ! the door pitch and twist dangerously as it be switch from track to track . boo enjoy the ride . the door turn , suddenly go into a ninety degree drop . mike / sullivan aaaaaaaaaa ! boo scream happily . the light on the door they be riding light up and fade off . 98 . om no the track round a post . mike - I be gonna be sick . I be gonna be sick ! ahead , a switcher reroute the door onto multiple track , boo 's door on one , they door on another . sullivan no ! randall 's door switch onto yet another track Sullivan visually follow boo 's door . it stop , stack against a wall of door . . sullivan ( cont 'd ) boo 's door ! mike there it be ! how be we suppose to get to it now ? they door travel into a corridor of door , surround on . all side , envelop they in darkness . it slow to a stop . ~ ns mike ( cont 'd ) it 's a dead end , sulley ! from the other end of the tunnel of door , randall jump onto a door and ride it towards they . mike ( cont ’d ) there he be ! Sullivan get a idea . sullivan make she laugh} mike what ?! sulley -- sullivan just do it ! Mike pull he eyelid out and snap it back on he eye . mike ow ! as boo squeal with laughter , the light above they door illuminate . ph 99 . the door surround they activate too . in fact , every door in the vault power up , they light glow bright red . by now randall be almost upon they , sullivan ( be : they door ) get it open ! mike here he come ! the trio jump inside and shut they door just as randall leap towards they . randall gimme that kid ! ( hit the door ) _ ooof ! ext . hawaiian beach , day it 's a beautiful tranquil day in the tropic . Sullivan , Mike and boo run out of a hawaiian beach house , onto the sand . mike why could not we get banish here ? sullivan come on , we gotta find another door ! they head into a nearby beach house . int . door vault Sullivan , Mike and boo burst out of a door , hang thousand of foot in the air . sullivan whoa ! Doors be stack in row above and below they , like a wall . sullivan ( cont 'd ) opoint up ) look ! boo 's door ! he climb from one door to the next , try to reach boo 's door . Mike see randall approach from the Hawaiian door . he shut it door and shimmy up toward Sullivan . cs 100 . mike there he be ! hurry up ! hurry up ! sullivan give I you hand ! Mike 's hand slip from Sullivan 's grasp , but he grab Mike 's foot . Mike hang precariously over the vault , thousand of foot in the air . mike whooooa ! Sullivan pull Mike up into the door with he just as randall emerge from Hawaii . int . japanese bedroom , late afternoon Mike and Sullivan come to a japanese paper door . they silhouettes be visible as they pause in front of it . mike come on , it slide , it slide ! sullivan oh right , right , right ! Sullivan slide the door open and they run through the room . int . door vault they emerge again , this time through a door move along the door track . mike dump ! I be right behind you ! Sullivan jump onto another track of door below . Mike follow . they land on a platform . sullivan come on ! Mike look back and see randall approach . mike hurry up ! keep move ! the only available door be on the ground , undergo some sort of maintenance . sulley open the door and motion for Mike to jump in . rh 101 . sullivan get inside ! int . french kid 's room , day because the door be lie sideways , Mike 's fall change trajectory as he enter the room . he fall sideways onto the floor . mike whoaaa ! ooof. ( beat ) that be weird . Sullivan fall through , landing on Mike . sullivan nleok for Mike ) Mike ? ( jump up ) oh ! sorry , buddy . mike ( punch -drunk ) ah , duui ? Mike and Sullivan run through the room and exit . int . door vault randall run across the platform and jump through the door on the ground . int . french kid 's room , day randall land , then continue after Mike and Sullivan . int . door vault , high up randall emerge . the door slam in he face . Mike appear behind it . mike I hope that hurt , lizard boy ! Mike jump over to a door with Sullivan and boo . the three vide off across the vault . sullivan great job buddy , we lose he ! suddenly boo slip through sulley 's arm and disappear . boo scream . fa cf 102 . randall appear atop the door , hold boo in he many arm . randall ha ha ! randall pull out a pin from they door , send it plummete downward . Mike and Sullivan stare up at randall in disbelief as they fall . sullivan /mike aaaaah ! randall smile down at they . randall Nice work with ya ! Sullivan and Mike struggle to hang onto the door as it plunge downward . sullivan get it open ! mike I be try ! Mike be able to open the door and clamor in to the bedroom inside . int . child 's bedroom mike come on , get in here ! Mike pull sulley through and shut the door just moment before it smashes into tiny piece on the floor . int . door vault , overhead track randall jump from door to door , hold boo. int . door vault , maintenance platform a pile of partially assemble door start to move , as if someone be stack within it . the top door pop OPEN and Sullivan jump out , follow by Mike . they run.to the edge of the platform . sullivan boo ! ( eh 103 . Sullivan spot a little purple figure riding a door off in the distance . sullivan ( cont 'd ) there they be ! he run to the end of the platform which stick out precariously over a sea of move door like the prow of a ship . Sullivan climb up and balance on its metal railing . mike sulley , what be you do ? sulley ! timing it just right , Sullivan leap out onto a pass door . Mike follow , jump onto the door behind he . they door join up with the '' freeway '' of door above , speed ahead . mike ( cont 'd ) look like we catch the express , pal ! Sullivan desperately scan the door ahead . sullivan do you see they ? mike straight ahead ! sure enough , randall be head towards the exit with boo in tow . Sullivan jump onto a faster move door on a adjacent track . he jump a second time but lose he grip , almost falling . the door tilt toward another track , banging into oncoming door as they zip by . sullivan whoa ! aaah ! randall hear the commotion and turn around . he spot Sullivan , regain he balance and close in . randall open the door he 's riding on and slither into the room . Sullivan use he door like a pendulum to swing forward into the room after he . ( a 104 . int . misc . kid 's room Sullivan burst through the door and spot boo stand alone in the middle of the moonlit room . boo Kitty ! sullivan ( relieved ) boo ! _ randall swing down from the rafter , kick Sullivan , and send he tumble backward out of the open door . sulley just barely get a hand -hold on the lip of the door . sullivan ( cont ’d ) aah ! aaah ! int . door vault randall stand menacingly over sulley , who hold onto the bottom of the door for dear life . randall look at everybody 's favorite scarer now ! you stupid , pathetic waste ! randall stomp on one of Sullivan 's hand , knock it off the door edge . sulley dangle by one arm as the door speed through the vault . int . misc . kid 's room boo cower at the back of the room , afraid . int . door vault randall step on Sullivan 's other hand . sulley hang on with just two finger . randall you have be number one for too long , Sullivan . now you time be up ! int . misc . kid 's room see she kitty in danger , boo 's face change from fear to anger . sc { ( ' 105 . int . door vault randall prepare to push sully off once and for all . randall and do not worry ... I will take good care of the kid ! sullivan no ! suddenly , something yank randall 's head back . randall {in pain ) yaaaaah ! boo be riding randall , pull he frond ! each painful jerk of he frond make randall change color . Sullivan lift himself back up into the room . cling to randall like a buck bronco , boo grab a bat and wallop randall repeatedly on the head . with each hit he change .color and pattern . randall ( cont ’d ) ow ! yowch ! aah ! Sullivan grab randall by the neck , wrestle he like a alligator . randall writhes and wiggle , but sulley be able to subdue he . boo roar at randall . sullivan ( to randall ) she 's not scared of you anymore . boo roar again . sullivan ( cont 'd ) look like you be out of a job . randall gulp . int . door vault , platform Mike place a door near the edge of the platform , open it , and crouch down in front like a baseball catcher . ( h , 106 .. mike all right sulley , come on , over the plate , let 's see the old stuff here pal . come on now , hum baby ! hum baby ! here 's the pitch ... Sullivan prepare to toss randall through the door . randall no , no , wait , please do n‘t- sulley pitch randall through . randall ( cont have ) ahhhhhhhh ! mike and he be ... outta here ! Mike slam the door close . ext . broken down bayou swamp house , night a dilapidate trailer sit swamp-side . we see silhouettes of a boy , he mom , and randall . redneck boy ( 0.s. ) : mama , ' nother gator get in the house . redneck mama ( 0.s. ) ' nother gator ?! gimme that shovel ! mama bean randall on the head with the shovel . redneck boy get it , mama ! get that gator ! randall oww ! int . door vault , platform Sullivan smashes the light on the top of the door . sullivan Care to do the honors , mikey ? mike with pleasure . Mike push the dilapidate door over the side of the platform . it fall and smashes at the bottom of the vault . ( t 107 . boo wave goodbye , and give randall a big wet raspberry . boo pthpththth ! sullivan that 's right , boo ! you do it ! you beat he ! ( turn to leave ) come on ! int . door vault , boo 's door Sullivan , Mike and boo climb onto boo 's door . sullivan okay , boo it 's time to go home ! take care of yourself and be a good girl , okay ? Mike open boo 's door , but see only other door stack behind it . mike oh no ! sullivan the power 's out ! make she laugh again ! mike all right , I have get a move here that 'il bring down the house . Mike jump gracefully into the air and do a flip , landing crotch first on top of the metal door track . mike ( cont 'd ) ( in pain ) hehh ? Sullivan notice that boo 's hood be down . sullivan ( lift boo 's hood ) oh , sorry , she do not see that . mike what ? what do you do , forget to check if she stupid hood be up , you big dope ?! boo frown . she do not like Mike to yell at sulley . ( '' 108 . sullivan ( sing -songy ) uncle Mike , try not to yell in front of she , you know we still need she to laugh ! mike right ! ah , hey boo ! just kid , look ! Mike close the door on he face , squishing it and make a goofy face . mike ( cont ’d ) ( through smashed lip ) hewwo , boo ! nothing from boo , who be not in the mood to laugh now . mike ( cont 'd ) funny , right ... huh ? ( annoyed ) this be the joke , kid . boo 's door jerk violently and head off towards the exit . Mike , sulley and boo hang onto the door as it move . - mike ( cont ’d ) whoaaa ! what 's happen ? sullivan hold on ! int . scare floor waternoose stand at a empty door station with boo 's card key in he claw . he address a group of cda agent . waternoose when the door land in the station , cut the power . you will have the child , and the criminal responsible for this whole mess . boo 's door sail out of the vault corridor and into the scare floor . Sullivan , Mike and boo peek out from behind the door and see waternoose and the cda agent below . mike ( stage whisper ) great . a welcoming committee . what be we gonna do ? Sullivan have a idea . a ns 109 . the door land in the station . the power shut off . cda agent ' this be the cda . come out slowly with the child in plain sight . . Mike emerge from behind the door , carry boo . mike okay , okay , you get we . here we be , here 's the kid . I be cooperate . but before you take we away , I have one thing to say . Mike stick he tongue out . there 's a sock on it ! mike ( cont 'd ) othrow sock ) catch ! it land on a agent in the middle of the pack ! the frenzied cda agent pounce on the agent with the sock . cda agent twenty - three -nineteen ! we have a toxic projectile ! isolate the contaminate ! Mike take off , carry boo . the cda agent see this and chase after they . cda agent # 1 after the suspect ! cda agent # 2 secure the area ! bring in reinforcement ! waternoose take up the rear . waternoose stop he ! as the commotion clear , Sullivan peek out from behind boo ' 's door . boo be with he , now out of she disguise and wear only one sock . Sullivan pop she door out of its station and head for the exit . sullivan come on ! waternoose hurry after the cda agent . C ) cx 110 . waternoose ( be : Mike and boo ) do not let they get away ! clang ! waternoose spin around to see Sullivan , who have knock over a stack of can during he escape . sulley scoops up boo and she door and head for the door . waternoose ( cont 'd ) ( call to cda ) wait , wait , come back , come back ! he have the child ! it 's no use , the agent have already disappear after Mike . something snap . waternoose lunge after Sullivan like a wild animal . int . MI hallway Sullivan race down the hall , with boo in one arm , and she door in the other . waternoose clamber after they , close in . . waternoose Sullivan ! Sullivan ! give I the child ! int . simulator tryout room Sullivan burst through the door of the simulator room , waternoose close behind . sulley break a pipe off the wall and slide it through the door handle just as waternoose slam against the door . sulley bend the pipe around the handle to secure it . he frantically remove the door currently in the station . waternoose ( slamm against door ) open this door ! open this door ! sulley replace the simulator door with boo 's door . waternoose ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Sullivan ! do not do it ! Sullivan push a button on the door station keypad , pick boo up and run inside . sullivan come on . a 111 . Sullivan look back at waternoose . waternoose ( scream ) do not go in that room ! Sullivan close the closet door behind he . waternoose yell and beat against the tryout room door . int . boo 's room Sullivan stand over the bed , tucking in the sheet . sullivan I think we stop he , boo . you be safe now . you be a good girl , okay ? slam ! sulley turn to see waternoose stand in the room , close the door behind he . waternoose this have go far enough , James . Sullivan stand protectively in front of the bed . sullivan she 's home now . just leave she alone ! waternoose I can not do that ! she 's see too much . you both have . sullivan it do not have to be this way ! waternoose I have no choice ! Times have change . scare be not enough anymore ! waternoose close in on Sullivan , raise up on he crab leg intimidatingly . sullivan but kidnap child ? waternoose I x11 kidnap a thousand child before I let this company die ! and I ’1l1 silence anyone who get in my way ! waternoose smack Sullivan , send he fly to the floor . 112 . -~ no sullivan no ! waternoose grab boo from the bed ! animatronic kid ( 0.s. ) ' night , Mom ! ' night , Mom ! ' night , Mom ! waternoose what ? waternoose blink , uncomprehend . the child be not boo at all , but the animatronic kid from the simulator . the wall of the bedroom begin to rise . computer voice ( 0.s. ) simulation terminate . simulation terminate . waternoose wha . .? int . simulator / tryout room ~ behind the fourth wall of the simulator , the tryout room be nw fill with . yellow -suite cda agent . Mike sit in the evaluator 's chair . mike ( to cda agent ) well , I do not know about the rest of you guy , but I spot several big mistake . waternoose but ... but , how do ... how ...? mike you know what ? let 's watch my favorite part again , shall we ? Mike rewind the tape and play it . waternoose ( on tape ) I nil kidnap a thousand child before TI let this company die ! Mike play it back again , for emphasis . waternoose ( on tape ) ( cont would ) I x11 kidnap a thousand child before I let this company die ! ch 113. waternoose see himself on the monitor . waternoose ( cont would ) wha ... wha ...? the cda agent discuss the situation . boo peek out from under the bed . Sullivan motion for she to stay quiet . she nod and crawl back . cda agent walk onto the stage and grab waternoose . cda agent alright , come with we . waternoose w- what be you do ?! take you hand off I ! you can not arrest I ! ' the cda agent lead waternoose out of the simulator room . waternoose ( cont 'd ) I hope you nre happy , Sullivan ! you have destroy this company ! monster Incorporated be dead ! where will everyone get they scream now ?! the energy crisis will only get worse ! because of you !!} Sullivan be clearly troubled by waternoose 's word . lead cda agent stay where you be . number one want to talk to you . ( to other cda ) attention ! Sullivan and Mike exchange a confuse look : a parade of agent enter the room , stand at attention . as the last two enter , they make room for ... roz hello boy . Sullivan and Mike 's mouth drop open . sullivan /mike roz ...? fh 114 . roz two and a half year of undercover work be almost waste when you intercept that child , Mr. Sullivan . of course , without you help , I never would have know that this go all the way up to waternoose . boo scamper up to Sullivan . nearby cda agent nervously step away . roz ( cont 'd ) now , about the girl ... Sullivan scoops boo up in he arm . sullivan I just want to send she home . roz very good . ( into wrist communicator ) bring I a door shredder . sullivan what ? you mean I can not see she again ? roz that 's the way it have to be . I ' 11 give you five minute . sulley look at boo and sigh . boo seem to understand . int . simulator room sulley activate boo 's door . the light illuminate . Mike tap boo light iy on the shoulder . he hold out he hand , formally . mike well , so long , kid . boo Mike wazowski ! boo give Mike a big hug . he tense , then relax and hug she back . mike oh , boo . it 's be fun . boo wave bye-bye to Mike as she turn back to sulley . c) ( '' 115 . mike ( cont ’d ) go ahead ... go grow up . Sullivan smile down at boo. ready . . sulley open she door . boo squeal with delight . int . boo 's room boo run into the room , happy to be home . she pull sullivan into she room and hand he various toy , each one with a new sense of excitement . sullivan uh ... boo ... um ... ( accept a toy ) oh , look at that . yeah , you know -- ( another toy ) oh , that 's cute . yeah ... uh ... boo ... boo hand he a teddy bear . sullivan ( cont have ) well , that 's very nice . sulley realize its up to he to say goodbye . he grab she playfully and fly she like a airplane to she bed . sullivan ( cont 'd ) come here , you ! boo giggle wildly as Sullivan deposit hér in bed . he tuck the teddy bear in next to she . sullivan ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) oh , he 's a happy bear ... boo look to she closet and point . boo dar byarg lub . sullivan nothing 's come out of the closet to scare you anymore . right ? boo smile and give a little nod . Sullivan tickle she chin . sullivan ( cont 'd ) good-bye , boo. i , ck , 116 . boo Kitty ? sullivan Kitty have to go . boo give sulley a big hug . Sullivan set she back in bed , then walk slowly to the door . he look back at she one last time . boo look at he sadly from she bed . sulley turn away , slowly close the closet door after he . boo jump out of bed . she run to she closet and open it . boo boo ! the door open , revealing clothes , box . and toy . boo ( cont 'd ) Kitty ? the portal to the monster world have close . int . simulator room boo 's door be shred . roz none of this ever happen , gentleman . and I do not want to see any paperwork on this . roz and the cda agent exit . Sullivan and Mike share a silent moment . Mike notice a single piece of boo 's door on the floor . he hand it to Sullivan . Sullivan clasp the small chip in he large hand . ext . MI factory , day cda agent shut waternoose into the back of they van and drive away . : a large crowd of MI employees murmur with concern about what will happen now . on 117 . smitty I bet we get the rest of the day off ! needleman you idiot ! they be gonna shut down the factory ! several monster gasp . ext . MI front door Sullivan and Mike walk out into the evening light . mike I be tell you pal , when that wall go up , you should have see the look on waternoose 's face . woo hoo ! I hope we get a copy of that tape ! Mike look up at Sullivan . his buddy look pretty sad . mike ( cont ’d ) hey , you alright ? come on pal , cheer up ! we do it ! we get boo home ! sure , we put the factory in the toilet ... and hundred of people ' 's 11l be out of work now ... not to mention the angry mob that will come after we when there 's no more power . but hey , at least we have some laugh , right ? as Mike continue walk , Sullivan slowly come . to a stop , a idea form in he mind . sullivan laugh ... int . child 's bedroom a kid sleep in bed . Soft moonlight illuminate the room . a shadow cut across the bedsheet . the silhouette of a large horn creature rise up over the bed . the kid see the monster and gasp . suddenly , the whine of microphone feedback fill the room . mike hey , be this thing on ? hello . hello . test , testing ... rc ‘oo 118. the kid turn on a light , revealing Mike , sit on a stool , microphone in hand . mike ( cont 'd ) hey , good evening , how be ya ? Nice to see ya . I tell you it 's great to be here in ... you room . where be you from ? the kid stare at Mike , confuse . mike ( cont 'd ) never mind . you be in kindergarten , right ? I love kindergarten . best three year of my life ! no response . be that suppose to be funny ? mike ( cont have ) ( forging on ) but I love sport ! dodge ball be the best . I be the fastest one out there . of course , I be the ball ... the kid look on , sceptically . that be worse than the last joke . Mike know he 's die . mike ( cont have ) alright . Mike stand up , toss the microphone in he mouth and swallows it . amplify stomach gurgle be hear while he wait . he finally let out a huge burp , project the microphone out of he mouth and catch it . mike ( cont ’d ) ( what do you think ? ) huh ? the kid begin howl with laughter . Mike grab he stool and head for the closet door . : mike ( cont 'd ) hey , thanks a lot ! 1/11 be here all week . remember to tip you waitress ! int . laugh floor the scare floor have now officially become the laugh floor .. Mike smile as a gigantic can fill with laugh . sullivan great job , mikey ! you fill you quota on the first kid of the day ! fk 119 . mike not bad huh ? you know , only somebody - with perfect comedic timing could produce this much energy in one shot . sullivan uh huh . and the fact that laughter be ten time more powerful than scream have nothing to do with it . Mike clear he throat , sheepishly . celia ( 0.s. ) oh , googley bear ! come here , you ! celia call to Mike from a nearby desk . Mike toss the microphone and run to she . mike schmoopsie poo ! celia and Mike kiss . celia 's snake begin kissing Mike too . celia ( scolding snake ) Girls , girl ! ple - stop , stop , stop. ( coyly ) - Michael , you be such a charmer . mike hey , do you bring the magazine ? celia they just deliver a whole box ! mike let I see it ! sulley and I make the cover right ? he open the box and we see : '' business shriek '' magazine . the lead article , '' monster , inc . back on top ! '' show Sullivan in full view . Mike 's face be totally obscure by the bar code . mike ( cont 'd ) {in shock ) I do not believe it ... celia ( sympathetic ) googley bear ... ( t 120 . Mike lift up a copy of the magazine and hold it in front of he . mike I be on the cover of a magazine ! yow !!! int . laugh floor - continuous a monster insert chatter teeth into he mouth as he walk into a closet door . fungus put on a pair of three ~ eyed groucho glass . fungus oh , this be great ! George walk by carry a watermelon and a mallet . thaddeus bile back out . of a door , jack stick from he butt . laughter emanate from the kid 's room , filing the tank . satisfied , bile bounce a soccer ball and smile . Sullivan make he way to the end of the hall . he survey the fruit of he labor . laughter emanate from all the door . worker happily move giant scream can , tell each other joke , juggle , and enjoy themselves . a graph on Sullivan 's clipboard show first year profit go through the roof . but sulley 's smile . fade . tape to the clipboard back be the now tatter picture boo draw of herself and sulley . below be the wooden chip from she door . mike ( 0.s. ) hey , sulley ! Sullivan cover the picture as Mike approach . sullivan oh , hey , Mike ... I be uh ... mike listen , if you get a minute , there 's something I want to show you . okay ? Close you eye , follow I . sullivan ( hesitate ) I -- {b 121. mike come on ... no peek ! Sullivan follow Mike with a sigh . int . simulator room Mike back into the room , lead Sullivan along . mike come on , keep come , keep come ... sullivan ( eye close ) Mike ... mike ( chide ) come on ... and follow the sultry sound of my voice . okay ... stop ! open ‘em . sulley open he eye . before he sit boo 's reconstructed door , meticulously glue back together . mike ( cont ’d ) ta da ! Sullivan stop , scarcely able to believe what he 's see . sullivan Mike ? be that ...? mike sorry it take so long pal . there be a lot of wood to go through . Mike 's hand be cover with splinter and band ~ aids . mike ( cont ’d ) you know , it only work if you have every piece . the door be clearly miss a piece . Sullivan look down to he clip board where the sliver of boo 's door be tape . Sullivan fit the piece into the door . it fit perfectly . the red light above the door glow . Mike smile and step aside . Sullivan reach for the door-knob . 122. int . boo 's room , day the door open . Sullivan 's nervous face be hit with light as he scan the room . sullivan boo ? boo ( 0.s. ) Kitty ! Sullivan smile . fade out .