monte carlo written by ron bass base on the novel " headhunters " by Jules bass third draft November 4 , 2007 over black : alice ( v.0 . ) think of the future , and event that will have already happen . int . high school classroom - day alice perry ( 30 ) , she innate and amiable authority eclipse only by a self - consciousness about she hair , afraid perhaps that she have not live up to the promise of its red color , chalk " futur anterieur " in precise cursive at the board . alice " by tomorrow , we will have fly to France . " she turn to face she tenth grade french CLASS . though Alice 's make up , earring and practical flat be simple , there be a inherent elegance to they combination that hint at a more complex , if unchart , interior . alice ( cont 'd ) who can give I a example ? Paul ? note : throughout , all block of italicize dialogue should be read as in french with english subtitles . paul " I will have complete the assign translation by the end of vacation . " alice c'est bon ! amber ? amber I will have fail french again by the end of the year . Alice pause , regard amber with a pain sympathy . alice en francais si'l vow plait ? int . high school classroom - day emma so , the definition of the derivative of the function " for " at point " x " be ..? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 2. continued : emma lindgard ( late 20' ) rapidly scribbles a complex calculus formula at the board while all of she twelfth grade male student avidly admire she shape in a tight , stylish skirt and heel . she turn suddenly , smile brightly . emma ( cont 'd ) okay ! Kyle ? kyle snap he eye up to Emma 's face , try to cover . kyle um ... I guess I be a little lose . if optimist see a glass as half full , Emma 's be in a constant state of cheerful , blonde overflow , even when a level of wilfulness be require . emma try to follow along . I really want you guy to get this ! David ? david gaze back dumbly , stick in a erotic fog . emma ( cont 'd ) Cindy ? be int . high school - home art lab - day two girl ( 17 ) laugh conspiratorially , dredge woven pot holder through a egg mixture and drop they into a sputtering pan , as the rest of the CLASS make french toast . the girl sneak look at meg kelly ( 30' ) who tear recipe from a gourmet magazine at she desk at the front of the room . Dark hair pull into a pony tail , face unadorn by makeup , meg 's natural sexiness be mute by a air of indifference . she glance up when the pan erupt in flame and the girl leap back with a shriek , shake she head . the girl attempt to knock the pan from the burner with the handle of a broom when a pot lid bang down , instantly snuffing the flame . they shrink back as meg wave the lid , clear the smoke . meg do I a favor , and let 's just try to get to vacation . the class bell ring ! ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 3. continued : meg ( cont 'd ) you can burn the school down as soon as we be back . ext . high school - day Alice , a heavy bag sling over she shoulder , and she boyfriend richard ( 30' , scruffily handsome in sweat and a coach 's jersey ) , carry three binder and a bag of baseball bat , exit the school among a crush of student . together , they cross a lawn dot with patch of late snow , to the parking lot , stop at Alice 's weathered volvo where Richard hand over the binder with a kiss . richard get practice until five thirty , then I will be by . alice I will see you then . thanks . they kiss again and Richard take off for the athletic field , pass meg as she come from the school , wave . richard hey , meg ! bon voyage ! Alice offer a binder to meg as she arrive at Alice 's car . alice I finish we travel binder ! meg take the binder , look it over . meg remind I again why we be take phonebook to France ? Alice give she a look . meg ( cont 'd ) I love my binder . I do . alice where 's Emma ? she know we be meeting , right ? meg forget she purse . ( watch the student ) ( more ) ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 4. continued : meg ( cont 'd ) you know , for the first time in a long time , I feel just as lucky as any of this kid . they may have they whole life ahead of they but we have get a week in Paris . alice oh , that 's right . I keep forget you life be completely over . so sad . I be really go to miss you . meg funny . emma well , that be a close call ! they turn to see Emma . crossing the parking lot hold a quality knock - off designer handbag over she head . meg look at she . the only teacher in racine County that wear four inch heel in six foot of snow . alice she always look great , do not she ? I G ( with affection ) damn she . emma ( arrive ) my passport be in here ! meg where would you find it ? emma second floor girl 's bathroom . right where I leave it . this morning -- ( sees binder ) ooh , binder ! great ! Alice pass one to Emma . emma ( cont 'd ) you guy be so nice to ask I to come with -- ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 5 . continued : ( 2 ) alice Emma , we be a team . emma I would just be sit around the condo , trolling e-harmony ... meg the fact that you have trouble find a date -- emma I be tell you , it 's this town ! meg give I less than no hope . emma you know what we should do , meg ? when we be over there ? we should all treat ourselves . find a real salon . total spa treatment . and I be gonna get my hair do . just like this ! she hold up a european tabloid she 's pull from she purse , stabbing a finger at a photograph : cordelia winthrop scott ( 30' ) , a blonde heiress deflect paparazzi in couture . note : emma and cordelia be play by the same actress . alice look at we . meg and Emma turn to Alice , smile . alice ( cont 'd ) ( marvelling ) we be really go . int . alice' home - bedroom - night Alice 's passport and a brochure emblazon with a logo : esprit de Corps Tours , sit on top of she dresser , next to a frame photo of Alice and Richard at the Wisconsin dell . Alice struggle to close the overstuff suitcase on she bed , tug at the stubborn zipper . alice come on ... please ... please ... ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 6. continued : the zipper tear away from the suitcase witha loud rip ! be int . meg' home - live room - night meg pull a well - wear stuff dog from she open suitcase on the couch , hold it up to she daughter , finn ( 6 ) who wear a spangle tutu and cowboy boot . finn she want to see Paris , too ! meg Finn , if edith go to Paris with I , she can not go to daddy 's with you . Finn 's brow come together as she consider this , then reach for the dog . meg ( cont 'd ) that 's what I think . ( calling ) seamus ! seamus , meg 's ten year old son , pound down the stair carry a enormous backpack as meg zip she bag close . meg ( cont 'd ) toothbrush ? seamus make a face , drop he bag and head back up the stair as the doorbell ring . finn daddy ! ext . meg' house - night glenn ( 30 ) , in a police uniform , watch meg squeeze she child tightly . meg ( to seamus ) remember . gameboy go to bed when you do . nine o'clock . glenn seam , why do not you take you sister to the car while you mom and I talk . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 7. continued : finn can we get on the radio ? meg glenn no. no. meg watch she kid run to the squad car park at the curb , just as karyn ( 30' , also in uniform ) emerge on the passenger side to meet they . glenn and no light ! karyn hey , meg ! meg lift she chin in greeting , but that 's it . glenn I uh ... I hear from my lawyer . she say you would sign you papers . meg watch she kid climb in the car with karyn . glenn ( cont 'd ) guess that make we official , then . meg you and I ? ( a nod to the car ) or ... glenn you and I , meg. a beat as they look at one another , hold . seamus Mom ! seamus reappear , charge up the walk to pull meg down to he level , hugging she . seamus ( cont 'd ) have fun . int . emma's condo - live room - night Emma 's pack suitcase stand neatly arrange by the door of the sparsely furnish , undecorate room . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 S. continued : answering machine you have no message . lean on the lip of the kitchen 's bar , Emma press the record button on she answer machine , then speak with a put -on , coolly sophisticated , ' jet-sett accent . emma hello . you have reach the home of Emma lindgard . I be afraid I will not be able to return you call right away , as I be currently travel . in Europe . but , please , do leave a message . tv announcer " . . she be know as ' the people 's princess ' ... Emma turn at the counter to see prince diana touring a African encampment with child on the television . emma ooh ! she hang up the phone and sit herself down at the coffee table where a game of solitaire be laid next to a microwave lean cuisine dinner . she turn up the volume with the remote and gather the card , shuffle . eye glue to princess diana on television , Emma suddenly shoot she hand three foot wide , rifling the card in perfect vertical formation like a seasoned cardsharp . ext . alice' house - night Alice open the door , kissing Richard who hold up a suitcase in one hand , a bottle of champagne in the other . richard special delivery . int . alice' bedroom - night Alice zip the suitcase shut and raise she arm in victory as Richard pour the Champagne into two glass . alice that 's it ! I be good to go ! ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 9 . continued : Richard bring a glass to Alice , nuzzle she ear . richard I be proud of you , you know . Alice take she glass and press Richard down onto the bed , climb on top of he . alice like Christmas when I be a kid . there 's no way I be go to be able to sleep tonight -- richard good for I . they kiss . alice I mean , how long have I be talk about this ? richard mmm ... you be read Colette . in the teacher 's lounge . first time we meet . Long time . Alice pause as this land somewhere deep inside . richard ( cont 'd ) this be just the beginning . alice ( brightening ) it feel like it . they clink glass and Richard watch Alice tip she glass back then stop mid-sip to peer down at the delicate diamond ring sit at the bottom of she glass . alice ( cont 'd ) ( stunned ) oh. Richard ... it 's so ... it 's beautiful ... Richard take she glass and fish out the ring . richard let 's try it on . alice but , we can not even celebrate -- ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 10 . continued : ( 2 ) richard what be you talk about ? we be celebrate -- alice but , I be leave . I be - -. I be get on a plane in the morning . richard ( laugh ) maybe I want to make sure you come back -- ( stop , sober ) wait . you be serious . be you serious ? you be serious . alice let 's do this when I get back . in a week . richard can you hear yourself ? alice honey , listen , it 's just the timing . I be not plan on this tonight -- richard whoa . I plan tonight . tonight be my plan -- alice and it 's great . this be great . you be great . but , Richard , I feel like I just need to do this one thing first . then I can do the next . then I can do this . ( off he silence ) can you understand ? there 's a world I have not even see yet ... Alice , hopeful , search Richard 's inscrutable expression a beat , then he turn away and get up , ring in hand . richard I think we would be see it together . ( pocket the ring ) have a great trip , Alice . he head for the door . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 11 . continued : ( 3 ) alice ( stricken ) Richard , come on . you be leave ? richard ( without look back ) maybe I will see you in a week . Alice listen to he footfalls and the slam of the front door , then fall back on the bed , strike she head on the open suitcase , wince . alice ( miserable ) I be sorry ... pilot ( pre - lap ) lady and gentleman , we be about to begin we descent into Charles de gaulle International Airport ... int . airplane - in flight - day meg sleep in a aisle seat of the dim coach cabin where all the window shade have be draw down , Emma doze beside she , a game of card laid out on she tray table . Alice bring she seat to the upright position as instruct and sit , hyper -alert , look at she close window shade . a beat . she reach out and raise the shade a tentative crack , flooding they row with light . she glance furtively around the cabin , then inch the shade higher , draw in a sharp breath at what she see . she fling the shade up . all of paris be laid out below she ; a magical nautilus - like wheel with the eiffel Tower as its central axle . her breath steam the window as she drink it all in . she turn , eye full , to meg who crane across Emma to share in the view and squeeze Alice 's arm with a smile . emma be we there ?! 0 monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 12. int . charle do gaulle airport - day a custom agent stamp Alice 's passport with a thump . custom agent Bien venue . Alice look up from she imprint passport , smile hugely . alice merci . ext . charle do gaulle airport - day Alice emerge with meg and Emma , each struggle with they luggage , onto the thronge arrival deck . emma there it be ! esprit de Corps ! Alice look to where Emma point , see a small sky - blue flag at the end of a long staff hold by madame valery ( 40s , pinch ) they harry tour guide in a suit of the same blue . alice Excuse I , be you Madame valery ? 0 Madame valery glance up from she clipboard beside they bus . alice ( cont 'd ) hi , my name be Alice perry -- madame valery ( gesture ) bag go under the bus . alice I be travel with my friend , meg Kelly and Emma lindgard -- madame valery ( flat ) I speak English . emma well , that 's great ! alice we be so excited ! Madame valery eye Alice unfold a map from she binder . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 13. continued : alice ( cont 'd ) now , I be hope you could tell I which route the bus will be take -- madame valery ( wearily predictive ) you be not go to be a problem , be you ? ext . paris - day the batter esprit de Corps Tours bus careen through the street , list wildly from side to side . int . tour bus - day - moving madame valery ( over bus 's p.a. ) on you right ... Alice , squash beside meg on the over- crowded bus , whip she head up from she guidebook . madame valery ( cont 'd ) be the Arc de triomphe . alice this be ridiculous ... emma hey , Alice ! meg ! Alice and meg turn to Emma across the aisle , who hook a thumb at carl and deedee ( late 60' , both stout ) beside she . emma ( cont 'd ) can you believe ? they be from St. Paul ! on they honeymoon ! carl wait a long time for this ! but , we finally make it ! emma Alice , that 's like you ! ( back to couple ) we be here celebrate my friend meg 's divorce ! 0 monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 14 . ext . the louvre - day the bus hurtle around the drive , screeching to a halt , bounce roughly on its shock at the museum 's entrance . int . louvre - day Alice , meg and Emma race past gallery after gallery , try to keep Madame valery 's little blue flag in sight as it fly over the crowd in the distance . Alice whipsaw she head at everything they be miss , make note in she guidebook on the fly . alice try to remember that ! we will double back for the chagall ! int . louvre - day Madame valery lead the charge up the right wing of the daru staircase , past the statue of wing Victory . Alice stop meg and Emma in front of the statue , while Carl and deedee try to catch they breath on the landing . alice ( reading fast ) . also call nike of samothrace . Greek goddess nike , meaning victory . two -twenty to one - ninety B. c. okay , go ! they head for the right stair just as madam valery reappear , descend with she group on the leave . alice ( cont 'd ) oh. Alice turn meg and Emma around to come back down . deedee well , that save we a climb . int . louvre - day Emma elbow she way out of a crush of raise camera and cellphone to Alice and meg who strain at the rear of the crowd to view a painting , all but the top of its gold frame obscure . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 15 . continued : emma ( wave she camera ) I get it ! I get it ! int . bistro - night meg and Emma sit hunch over Emma 's camera and its shaky , digital image of the mona Lisa , squeeze in with Alice and the rest of they tour at too few table . emma Alice , I will e-mail it to you . meg look up , catch Alice eyeing they surroundings . meg ( be : mona Lisa ) at least she 's smile . alice ( snap to , smile ) what ? no. I be - -. I be just a little tired . emma ( a happy idea ) hey ! I will bet you have jet lag ! we will probably all get it ! meg raise a glass of wine . meg to jet lag . Emma and Alice raise they glass to toast as waiter plunk down identical plate of steak frite before they . meg ( cont 'd ) to Alice . best organizer . best guide . best friend . emma to Alice ! they clink glass and Alice be suddenly jostle , just as she 's about to sip , by Carl as he turn from the table behind she , spilling she wine . deedee oh , Carl ! ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 16. continued : carl I be so sorry ! alice ( mop she front ) it's okay -- deedee he be just look for the catsup - carl if you be not use it . as Emma pass the bottle of catsup , meg offer Alice she napkin , and waiter sweep they plate away , replace they with creme brule . alice oh! no. wait . pardon , monsieur -- carl ( receiving catsup ) merci! he turn now , catsup in hand , to blink at the creme brulee that have replace he own and deedee 's steak . Alice place a hand on madam valery 's arm as she pass . alice pardon , Madame , but ... madam valery slowly raise she eye from Alice 's hand . alice ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , but -- meg be you apologize ? alice they have take we dinner away -- Madame valery tap she watch and then she clipboard . madame valery there be straggler at the . museum . now , I be behind schedule . 0 monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 17. ext . le petit sommeil HOTEL - night esprit de Corps tour member disembark from they bus in front of a comically narrow and vertical baroque hotel with its name in feeble buzzing neon : Le petit sommeil . alice ( pre - lap ) look ! look at this picture and tell I what 's different ! int . le petit sommeil HOTEL - night the woman lower the travel brochure and its photograph of a tidy well - appoint suite , to regard the actual one in which they stand ; dingy , impossibly small , crowded by a armoire that nearly meet the low sloping ceiling , with two spindly twin bed and a military - style cot . emma toujour le suck - ez vous . alice I research at least a million tour -- meg well . this be the one we could afford . a beat as they consider the room and they lot in life . meg ( cont 'd ) it 's only five night -- emma five night ? here ?! meg and , Alice , you say yourself , we will hardly ever be in we room . ( selling it ) it will be like camp . at Eagle River . it will be fun ! Emma open what be essentially a closet with a toilet . emma here 's you outhouse , meg. go nut . Alice join Emma at the bathroom door . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 18. continued : emma ( cont 'd ) I ? I be go to try to hold it . meg okay , Emma . let 's just unpack -- she turn for the luggage , nearly fall over at the weight of Emma 's suitcase as she reach to lift it . meg ( cont 'd ) Holy --! Alice , help -- Alice climb onto one of the bed to help meg lift . alice Emma , what have you get in here ? emma just the stuff you put on my list -- ( off she look ) and a couple option . the bag slip from meg 's grasp , crash onto the foot of the bed which collapse , catapult Alice onto the cot which flip up over she , knock Emma into the tiny bathroom . emma ( cont 'd ) hey ! come on , guy ! int . le petit sommeil HOTEL - night Alice gaze out a window that open onto a narrow alley and the ugly backside of building , as meg and Emma sleep fitfully behind she . she look down at the cellphone in she hand , scrolling through she speed dial to stop at : 1 . Richard . she hesitates with she thumb over the " call " button . she turn back to the miserable view , consider for a beat , then fold she phone away as she blink back tear . ext . pont des art bridge - day Madame valery lead a diminish flock , bob she staff with its blue flag , in a force march across the span of the ornate pedestrian bridge toward the wait tour bus . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 19 . continued : madame valery the pont des Arts have it 's name for the vast number of art student that come here to paint this famous city view ... meg and Emma , the worse for wear , trail Madame valery at a distance with Alice who now lead she own handful of tour member , Carl and deedee among they . alice it 's call the pont des Arts because the Louvre be formally know as the palais des Arts ... Madame valery stop ahead , turn back to take in Alice and she cluster of appreciative follower . madame valery people ! we must keep together ! ext . notre dame cathedral -- day Alice 's group circle a inscribe stone medallion with a star-shape brass inset on the pavement outside Notre Dame . deedee " Point zero . dez root dee France . " alice it 's from right here that all the highway mile in all of France be measure . they also say that if you stand on this exact spot , you be be destine to return to France in the future . meg oh , I be in ! come on . everyone ! together , they all step forward , arm entwine , laugh . emma I want a picture ! of all of we ! Alice look up as Emma break away , to see madam valery lead she dwindling group from the great church . Madame valery send she charge to the bus , then head straight for Alice as Emma try to enlist a japanese couple to take a group photo with she camera . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 20 . continued : madame valery my head count be short in the cathedral . alice I be sorry . I be explain about point zero -- Madame valery size Alice up and tap she staff as the group form around they , join by the japanese couple . madame valery this flag ? I do not carry it for my pleasure . alice we be just on we way inside -- madame valery well , now you may head to the bus . alice but , we have not be -- madame valery which be why you must follow my flag ! alice okay . we will . I promise . but , this people have not see the cathedral --- madame valery there be many church on the tour . alice but , this be Notre Dame ! they need to see this -- madame valery I assure you , they will see everything they need to see -- alice ( losing it ) well , what 's the point if it 's all a big fat blur ? when nobody can see anything properly ? let alone experience it , or appreciate - - ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 21. continued : ( 2 ) madame valery you seem quite the Paris expert , for someone who have never be . emma Ill bet she know more about it than you ! the japanese wife frame the action with Emma 's camera . alice I might not have ever be here before , but ... ( emotional ) I have wait my whole life for this trip . carl we have wait thirty year -- meg you tell she , Carl . alice you keep rush we through , like this be some kind of race -- ( really hurt ) and you will not even speak french with I . ( sguare herself ) now , I think I have be very nice . we be from Wisconsin . but , I be tell you , I be not get on that bus until my friend and I have see Notre Dame . meg and Emma exchange look as Alice plant herself with fold arm and steely resolve before Madame valery . madame valery perhaps , if Madame be not satisfied with my tour she could conduct she own . emma what would she say ? Alice 's eye narrow in regard Madame valery and all fall silent a beat ; a crowd anticipate firework . click ! the japanese wife snap a picture of the standoff , the sound of the shutter trigger Alice to action . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 22. continued : ( 3 ) with lightning speed , she seize Madame valery 's flag . crowd whoa ! Madame valery , nonpluss , reach out to reclaim she flag , but Alice jerk it further away , while the japanese woman snap picture after picture . deedee Carl , we be get on the bus ! Madame valery lunge for the stick . ext . notre dame cathedral - day the bus pull away , revealing the japanese couple who return Emma 's camera with a bow , meg , and Alice hold the flag . emma that be fantastic ! meg " a " plus ! Alice , cheek flushed , watch Carl wave goodbye from the 0 bus 's rear window . meg ( cont 'd ) Alice , you okay ? Alice bring the staff down across she knee , snap it in two , casting the break end into the gutter as she raise herself to she full height . alice now , the real tour can begin ! meg let 's kick this town 's ass ! Alice march forward as a few drop of rain fall . emma I think it 's start to rain -- alice who care ? we be in Paris ! what 's a little rain ? 0 monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 23. ext . le meurice HOTEL - night Water pour in sheet from the sky as Alice , meg and Emma splash down the rue de rivoli and duck beneath the shelter of the hotel 's canopy . they shake water from they arm and hair , pluck at they sopping clothes . photographer 1 cordelia ! they glance over at a few paparazzi share the protection of the overhang on the far side of the entrance , as a camera flash in take Emma 's picture . Emma smile , blink , confuse as another photographer admonish the first . photographer 2 you be waste you film . that 's not she . emma what be they say ? Alice look about in equal confusion , but stop short when she see the opulent restaurant behind the window 's glass . alice oh. meg and Emma turn to gape as well at the diner and elegant table inside as the rain hammer down . alice ( cont 'd ) that , me aim , be Paris . emma you think they would let I use the bathroom ? int . le meurice HOTEL - lobby - night meg and Emma step into the lobby , a palatial world of marble , gold and flower , as Alice confer with the doorman . emma wow . 0 ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 24 . continued : alice ( to doorman ) merci . ( join Emma and meg ) okay , Emma , it 's down the hall to the leave . meg and I will go and get we a table -- emma meet you in there . Emma head for the lady room , gape at the lobby . emma ( cont 'd ) wow ... meg get we a table ? Alice , we can not afford to eat here -- alice my treat . I G you can not afford --- alice ( hook meg 's arm ) we be go to do one thing right in Paris . I do not care how much it cost . they turn for the dining room , pass the front desk where cordelia winthrop scott ( dress similarly to Emma , though at ten time the cost ) unleash she ire on the concierge . cordelia and , just how do you propose I be to travel tomorrow , then ? concierge I be sorry , but , there be nothing -- a manager enter from the back . manager Mademoiselle Scott , I have check and there be no sign of a package -- ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 25 . continued : ( 2 ) cordelia marvelous . I would like to see someone who speak English , please . if there be such a person in France . the concierge and manager look to one another and back . manager this be not English we be speak ? int . le meurice HOTEL -- lady room - night Emma swing through the door into the black marble bathroom , grab a towel to swipe at she wet hair . she stop abruptly , examine the towel . emma this be cloth ! she take the towel into one of the stall , close the door behind she just as cordelia stride in , stop at the counter . cordelia ( acid disgust ) France . cordelia 's cellphone ring ! and she pull it from she purse . emma ( o.s. ) hello ? cordelia ( into phone ) you would not believe this people . so rude ! she take she phone into the stall next to Emma 's and close the door just as Alice and meg enter . cordelia ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) and they wonder why none of we do Paris anymore ! what I have be through --. and , daddy be be perfectly hideous -- Alice and meg look at one another in the mirror , overhear cordelia , as they pick up towel to dry off . cordelia ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) he 's make I go to monte Carlo ! ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 26 . continued : alice Emma ? emma ( 0 . S. ) yeah . I be here . cordelia ( o.s. ) I do not know . some auction . one of that foundation --. but , have I hear from they ? no . and they be to take care of the plane --. well , I be certainly not go to go if , wait , where be you ? ( listen ) reykjavik ? would I need a coat ? a toilet flush and cordelia open she stall door , head for the counter , oblivious to Alice and meg who freeze with they towel , blink at she uncanny resemblance to Emma . cordelia ( cont 'd ) do you know if there 's a evening flight --? Alice and meg turn to each other , then to cordelia 's reflection in the glass , they mouth hang open . cordelia ( cont 'd ) ooh , I think I can just make it . no . I will not even check out here . it 's better if everyone think I be be a good girl and take the trip down to -- cordelia stop when she eye snag on Alice and meg. cordelia ( cont 'd ) let I call you when I get to the airport . it may take awhile ... she give Alice and meg a devastating look up and down . cordelia ( cont 'd ) it appear to be raining outside . quite hard . she pick up she purse and exit without look back just as Emma open she stall door and join Alice and meg , who gape at she with towel in they hand . emma do you see that be cloth ? monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 27 . int . le meurice HOTEL - restaurant - night meg no , Emma , I mean , exactly like you . emma well , she sound awful . and kind of mean . Alice , meg and Emma , punchy and a little drunk , enjoy wine from enormous glass as they finish they meal . alice ( drain she glass ) she should be ashamed . can you imagine have a room here and then not stay in it ? a anxious waiter race in , refilling Alice 's glass . emma ( perfect mimic ) darling , I be think of order this entire menu , and then not eat it ! the waiter retreat , join five other stand at discreet , fearful attention , all careful not to look at Emma whom they have clearly mistaken she for cordelia . meg we should just take it . her room . emma and she trip to monte Carlo ! ( to alice ) that 's still France , right ? meg Alice , how fast can you get a binder go on a trip like that ? alice ( laugh ) oh , I would love to see that . we in monte Carlo . meg what 's so funny about that ? we get in here . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 28. continued : emma ( mimicking ) indeed . it be pitiful how low the standard here have fall . two waiter step in to clear plate , hearing all . emma ( cont 'd ) ( mimicking ) remind I to have daddy buy this hotel so that I can knock it down . Alice and meg laugh with Emma as the waiter head for the kitchen in panic . waiter ( whisper to other ) she be a monster ! meg Emma , you could be she ! emma ( mimicking ) darling , meg. always make I laugh ! ( dropping it ) who in they right mind would ever believe that I be -- manager pardon , Mademoiselle Scott ? the three look up at the manager in surprise . alice I be so sorry . be we be too loud ? manager no , no , we be all very happy to see Mademoiselle Scott smile ... a wine steward hustle up to the table with a ice bucket stand and a bottle of Champagne . manager ( cont 'd ) please . in apology for we earlier misunderstanding . emma we misunder --? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 29 . continued : ( 2 ) manager you dinner as well . with we compliment ... the three woman exchange glance as the steward begin to open the bottle and the manager bow , back away . emma Excuse I , monsieur ? manager oui , Mademoiselle ? Emma smile , broadly , bat she eyelash as the steward pop the Champagne cork . emma ( perfect british ) I so hate to be a bother , but I seem to have misplace my room key . int . le meurice HOTEL - suite - night click ! the door swing open into the dark room , frame the three drunk laugh woman . Alice fumble for a switch , hit the light , and they laughter cut abruptly at the sumptuous interior of gleam marble , gilt and silk . I G holy -- emma scheize . Alice see but one the thing : the eiffel tower illuminate on the other side of a bank of french door . alice a view ! there 's a view . Alice race to push back the window sheer , revealing a staggering panorama of the city , the seine , and the eiffel tower in the pour rain . the entire city of light be reflect in she eye . emma ( o.s. ) now this be more like it ! ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 30 . continued : meg there 's whole other room in here ! int . le meurice HOTEL - suite -- bedroom -- night Alice enter , steering around a tower of Louis vuitton luggage , as meg pull a fresh bottle of Champagne from a bucket of ice . alice wait . what be you guy do ? Emma launch herself onto the enormous bed . emma this be the room we be suppose to have ! alice on what planet ? come on . we be only go to take a look ! meg so , we be look . ( pop the Champagne ) and we like what we see . alice meg ! meg take the bottle and crawl up with Emma . emma Alice , take a break , would you ? we walked eighty - point -four-six - seven - two kilometer ... a lot happen today . alice but -- meg ( pat the bed ) Alice , how many do chance do we get ? for something like this ? Alice consider , look out the window at the stream rain . alice okay . but , just until it stop raining . then we go . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 31 . continued : meg ( make room for Alice ) agreed . Alice climb up and together , the three pass the bottle of Champagne as they study the ceiling 's ornate plasterwork . meg ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) I be sorry , I just keep think of the look on that woman 's face ! emma I be glad I get picture ! alice I do surprise she -- meg surprise I ! emma really love that flag , do not she ? alice poor Carl and deedee ... emma do you think that if you sleep in a bed like this every night you dream be different ? Alice roll to she side and the view of the eiffel tower . emma ( cont 'd ) like , be they bigger ? you know ? do you dream a more amazing life ? meg kick off she shoe , let they drop . meg well ... we will never know . see from the bed , the light atop the eiffel tower break through the dissipate cloud to swing a search arc through the night sky ... match dissolve the eiffel tower gleam gold and orange in the morning sun . 0 monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 32. int . le meurice HOTEL - bedroom - suite - morning a telephone ring , stir Alice . it ring again . she reach for it in she sleep as Emma sit up groggily beside meg curl around the empty Champagne bottle . alice ( answering ) hello ? emma what time be it ? Alice 's eye fly open as she snap awake . alice oh , yes . yes ... emma ( shaking meg ) meg , wake up . we be in trouble -- meg pull herself up , see Alice on the phone . meg oh , shiii-- alice we will be right down . merci . she hang up . emma we be only joke ! we do not mean to --! meg we will tell they it be a mistake ! emma Alice ? alice cordelia , you car be here . int . le meurice HOTEL - lobby - day Alice , meg and Emma attempt to conceal themselves behind cordelia 's tower of case as it 's wheeled from the elevator by two porter . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 33. continued : the woman scurry for the exit past the desk manager . manager Mademoiselle Scott ! alice just keep move . the three woman increase they pace , but the manager catch up to they with a express envelope . manager Mademoiselle Scott , this come for you this morning . the package you be seek ? Emma merely blink at the offer envelope . meg take it . just take it . emma ( snatching it ) thanks again ! they break for the door , but the manager follow . manager I be afraid there may still be some photographer outside -- emma what ? ext . le meurice HOTEL - day as they emerge , the manager and doormen hustle Alice , Emma and meg towards a wait car and driver , as paparazzi call and shoot from across the boulevard . alice thank you so much but I think we will walk -- manager ( laugh ) but , you can not walk to the airport . alice ( stop fast ) the airport ? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 34 . continued : a beat , as Emma and meg look to Alice for direction and the frenzied call of the paparazzi increase . int . car - moving - day alice it 's fine . it 's fine . we will just have he drop we off ... Alice and meg look out the back window at the manager who wave they farewell , the doorman shooing photographer . meg they really do think she 's she ... rip ! Alice and meg spin to Emma as she spill the envelope 's content . emma what ? I want to know where we be go . alice we be go back to we hotel -- Emma hold up a itinerary with a big mischievous grin . emma no . we be go to monte Carlo ! alice no . we be not . meg ( taking itinerary ) let I see that -- emma Alice , what 's " prive ? " be that like a airline ? alice Emma , for cry out loud . meg , you want to help I out here ? meg hold on ... I be read ... emma see ? meg want to go . do not you , meg ? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 35 . continued : alice no , meg , do not . meg look up from the itinerary , shrug . meg trip 's pay for , whether that girl take it or not . alice oh ! and somehow that magically make take it right ? emma what 's the worst that could happen ? alice I can think of a lot of thing -- meg you be in charge . you want to go back to that hotel , okay by I . a beat while Alice look between meg and Emma , trap . meg ( cont 'd ) totally you call . emma ( full - on cordelia ) and , darling , we will completely understand if you feel we should not go . ext . airport - tarmac - day the car drive across the wide stretch of runway on a trajectory for a wait private jet . int . private jet - in flight - day the woman swivel around in they plush seat at the pop ! of a cork as a steward open a bottle of Champagne . alice okay . we go . we take a look around . we get on a train and come right back ... ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 36 . continued : meg anything go wrong , we say it be a language thing , that we do not understand -- emma now , I like that idea , because it 's true ! they fall silent as the steward appear with glass of Champagne , wait for he to retreat . alice go , look , come right back . it 's a good plan . Alice , meg and Emma clink glass . montage : ext . airport - nice - day the steward help the woman from the plane , where another uniformed man wait on the tarmac to escort they further . int . nice airport - day they escort open a door ahead of they to a roof deck , wind spilling in to the stairway they climb . ext . nice airport - roof deck - day they emerge onto the deck , Emma squealing and grab Alice when she see they wait helicopter . int . / ext . helicopter - in flight - day Alice , meg and Emma delight as the helicopter bank along the coast , the Mediterranean glitter in blue and green below . a craggy ridge fall away and all of monte carlo unfold in step upon step of coral rooftop , cream and gold . end montage . ext . HOTEL do paris - day Alice , Emma and meg step from a limousine , blink in the bright sunlight to take in the square in front of the hotel , its fountain and the adjacent casino . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 37 . continued : alice okay ! what do we want to do first ? check out the palace , or the beach ? meg emma Beach ! Palace ?! alice ( cont 'd ) let 's find a map -- jean -pierre Mademoiselle Scott ! they turn as jean - pierre michand ( late 30' ) , sophisticated in jeans and a sportscoat but with a warm bohemian air , come down the step , a oversize envelope tuck under he arm . emma well , bon jour I . jean -pierre you make it ! I be get a little frantic - - . when I do not hear from you --. so I send you TRAVEL -- ( laugh at himself ) but , you be here . ( off she blank look ) forgive I . Jean - Pierre . michand . with the foundation -- he pause in shaking Emma 's hand as he eye land on Alice with friendly curiosity , a charge . jean - pierre ( cont 'd ) welcome --. I - --. I do not realize you would be bring -- emma oh , I be sorry ! this be Alice perry and meg Kelly . two of my dearest friend . visit from America ! alice ( shaking hand ) hello . Jean - Pierre have trouble pull he eye from Alice as he shake meg 's hand . jean -pierre it be a pleasure to meet friend -- ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 38. continued : ( 2 ) emma I will say . Emma sneakily indicate Jean - Pierre 's empty ring finger to Alice and meg as he consult he wristwatch . emma ( cont 'd ) ( whispered aside ) no ring . jean -pierre I be terribly sorry , but , I be already late for a meeting -- meg we will not keep you -- jean -pierre I just want to make sure you arrive safely and that I be here to greet you . ( a afterthought ) oh. and , of course , to deliver you invitation for the week , and the foundation 's report -- emma invitation for the week --? jean -pierre various event . lead up to the auction -- ( the watch ) again , I be so sorry , but , I be reluctant to keep his highness wait . emma his highness ? jean -pierre the Prince . but , we will see each other at the casino for tonight 's game . please , bring you friend -- alice you be very generous , and we would love to , but , I be afraid cordelia have other plan this evening -- Jean - Pierre turn , charme by Alice 's perfect french , and alarmed by this news . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 39 . continued : ( 3 ) jean -pierre but -- alice we be very sorry -- jean -pierre ( mounting anxiety ) perhaps we have misunderstand each other . Mademoiselle Scott --. she must be there for tonight 's game . the prince . his highness have ask to be seat across from she -- emma what 's he say ? which prince ? Jean - Pierre look imploringly between the three . jean -pierre please . it be for the foundation . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day within a glossy brochure : a collage of " snapshot " show happy African child group outside they new school ; raise they hand at they desk in a pristine classroom ; find they country on a glossy globe . alice ( anguished ) oh , would you look at this kid ? meg no , I can not . I can not stand it . Emma read to Alice and meg from the brochure in the seating area of they luxurious suite , enjoy none of it , nor the incredible balcony view of monte Carlo 's marina and bay . emma " with you help the michand Foundation be able to sow the seed of education , transform life , family , and village , one child at a time ... " she do not say anything about a school ! meg school , with a " 's . " more than one . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 40 continued : alice ( miserable ) in Africa . meg that horrible , irresponsible girl ! I have never steal a thing in my life , now I have take a trip from school child . alice in Africa . meg hang she head . emma reykjavik ! that take some nerve ! they be count on she for a charity auction and she do not even show up ! alice only she do . Emma reach for a gigantic wrap fruit basket . emma she do ? meg do not touch that ! alice you , Emma . if you be cordelia . they have see you . you be here . emma well , I can not go to that thing tonight . ( a beat ) I do not have anything to wear . the phone ring ! and Emma snatch it up before Alice can . emma ( cont 'd ) ( perfect british ) hello ? Alice gesture for Emma not to say anything , to hang up . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 41 . continued : ( 2 ) emma ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) oh yes , please . send it up ... um. yes , all of it . everything . thank you , ever so . merci! she hang up and hold a beat before turn to Alice . emma ( cont 'd ) my luggage be here . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day Alice and meg stand in front of the tower of Louis vuitton trunk and case while Emma idly thumb the combination lock of a steel briefcase in she lap . alice okay . but , just for tonight . and , that 's it . click ! Alice and meg look to Emma , hold the now open briefcase , eye wide . emma lucky guess ? 0 a necklace of diamond and enormous yellow stone sparkles like a constellation from within the case 's velvet lining . alice ( close it ) no jewelry . Emma nod . alice ( cont 'd ) then it . all go back . meg dry-clean . int . les casino des monte carlo - night the game hall 's tower ornate door be open by two doormen for Alice , Emma and meg to make they big entrance in cordelia 's couture chiffon , silk and organza . head hold high , back straight , they strike a remarkable tableaux as they pause in unison at the top of the room 's raise landing to survey the swirl of roulette wheel and the tony european jet set . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 42. continued : at first glance they look spectacular , but under closer scrutiny one can read meg 's compose discomfort in wear a dress that be too tight , nearly spilling she breast , and the self - consciousness Alice endure in a dress make daringly short by she height . but , this be because we know they ; to all other eye they not only belong here , they own the room . they glance at one another , eyebrow up : " we be here ! " emma do not you feel like we have win something already ? Jean - Pierre come to greet they with prince domenico da silvano ( 30' , movie-star handsome ) , both in tuxedo , offer a hand to escort Emma down the few step . jean -pierre Mademoiselle Scott , you make it ! Emma withhold she natural smile , place just the tip of she finger in Jean - Pierre 's palm with exaggerated hauteur . emma enchante . Jean - Pierre assist meg and Alice , meg clutching the top of she dress , Alice anxiously keep the skirt of hers in place with a hand as she step down . jean -pierre and Mademoiselle Margaret Kelly and Mademoiselle Alice perry -- ( for alice ) I be very glad you be able to come this evening . Alice nod , blushes and try to cover . jean - pierre ( cont 'd ) May I present his highness , Prince Domenico Da silvano ? Prince Da silvano bow from the waist . domenico mademoiselle scott -- emma please , call I " cordelia . " ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 43. continued : ( 2 ) domenico if you will call I " Domenico . " emma I shall certainly try . Domenico escort Emma out onto the casino floor as Jean - Pierre touch Alice 's elbow . jean -pierre shall we ? Alice and meg allow Jean - Pierre to lead they , follow Emma as gambler break from they game to track this three elegant woman glide smoothly through the room . meg ( aside to Alice ) I may as well be topless . alice please . I be moon everyone behind we . int . les casino - private game room - night a dealer unseal a new deck of card as Domenico pull out a chair for Emma at the room 's enormous game table . emma oh , but , I really be not plan on play this evening . I so much prefer to watch -- Emma look to Alice and meg for help as Jean - Pierre lead they to the far side of a low railing to view the game . domenico ( a wink ) this I do not believe about you . he turn to the eight other player ( of various age and gender , but all rich ) cluster at the room 's small bar . domenico ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman ? shall we begin ? the other player make obligatory introduction and take up position at the table as Jean - Pierre offer Alice and meg tall upholster stool to sit . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 44 . continued : Alice move to sit , but then remember she skirt , look to meg who be unable to even raise a leg in she tight dress . alice ( to jean - pierre ) easier to see if we stand . Jean - Pierre hand they both a glass of Champagne . alice ( cont 'd ) and why be not you play ? jean -pierre ah. I play behind the scene . like Robin Hood , I take from that who have more than enough , for that who have nothing but need . ( laugh ) also , I do not play because I have no money of my own . Alice smile , charme by he candor , but then stop . alice they be play for money ? ( turn to meg , flat ) be they be play for money . together they turn to see Emma happily arrange the card she be deal in she hand . domenico cordelia , why do not you do we the honor of set this evening 's stake ? Emma glance over to Alice and meg who look back at she , ashen , and turn to the player who smile expectantly . emma oh. um. okay ... she take she handbag into she lap , open it , look . emma ( cont 'd ) ( a guess ) alright . why do not ... why do not we start at ten ? a shocked player sputter into he drink . Emma place a twenty Euro note on the table . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 45 . continued : ( 2 ) emma ( cont 'd ) that be if anyone be able to make change . a beat . Jean - Pierre , Domenico and all the other player burst out laugh and Emma smile , laugh too , but shoot a desperate look to Alice and meg. domenico marvelous ! he signal a attendant over as Emma 's shoulder relax . domenico ( cont 'd ) please bring Mademoiselle Scott a rack of chip . ( to emma ) two hundred ? emma ( big gulp ) um. sure . jean -pierre you would not know it , but she be very funny . meg a riot . Domenico cast a glossy chip into the pot . domenico Mademoiselle Scott start we at ten thousand a hand . Alice and meg freeze , they champagne glass slide from they hand , while Emma 's eye grow as large as all the zeroe on Domenico 's chip . domenico ( cont 'd ) you must be feel very lucky . int . les casino - private game room - night dealer Mademoiselle Scott ? it be you call . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 46 . continued : Emma sit lock in a cool stare - down over the top of she card with Domenico across from she at the tense table . meg downs a glass of Champagne in one gulp , snagging the back of the waiter 's jacket , haul he back for a refill . the waiter turn to Alice , who pat at she face with a damp napkin , struggle to breathe . meg ( take bottle from waiter ) I should probably keep this . dealer ( prodding ) Mademoiselle ? Emma place she card face down before she , appear to fold . emma well ... she move she hand to the stack and stack of chip beside she , and push they to the center of the table . emma ( cont 'd ) 0 I be all in . the other player gasp and Alice fail to suppress a whimper as she grasp meg 's pour hand , spilling Champagne , draw Jean - Pierre 's attention . jean -pierre be you alright ? alice great . I be just --. Excuse I . Alice slip around the railing and head for Emma as two player fold in near tear , leave just Emma , Domenico and a dowager ( 60' ) in the game . alice ( cont 'd ) I be terribly sorry to interrupt . but , cordelia , you look a little overheate ... why do not we --? ( whisper low ) . have you completely lose you mind ? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 47 . continued : ( 2 ) emma ( whisper back ) hey . do not distract I . I be in the middle of a hand -- alice Emma ! that be not Monopoly money ! emma relax . I have get it under control -- alice and this be not the mathlete final in kenosha ! emma Jean - Pierre , would you be a dear and get Alice some water ? ( to alice ) you be the one that get we into this --! alice what ?! domenico I will see you , cordelia . Domenico push he own mountain of chip to the pot in the center of the table and Alice bury she face in she hand when the dowager fold she card . emma ( whisper to Alice ) now , go sit down and try to be cool , would you ? jeeze ! let I handle this . Alice move back to she stool , try to smile as she take the water Jean - Pierre offer . meg what would she say ? what would she say ? alice ( sick ) we be go down , meg. go down hard . dealer Mademoiselle . you highness . you 0 card , please . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 48. continued : ( 3 ) Alice and meg turn helplessly to the game table . domenico lady first . emma after you . please . Domenico can hardly contain he gloat as he reveal he three ace . domenico I be very sorry , cordelia . a beat , then Emma shrug . emma well . it be just a game after all . she turn she card over and fan they on the table feel : a royal flush in the suit of heart , ace high . emma ( cont 'd ) I do hope there be no hard feeling . the other player cheer as Domenico 's smile crash . Emma shriek with delight , turn to Alice and meg who grab each other , barely keep themselves from pitching over , glass spilling , as the other player applaud . Emma rake in the everest of multi-color chip with both arm , laugh as she 's congratulate . dowager you must play often , miss Scott . emma oh , a little , online . but , this be so much more fun ! int . HOTEL do paris - lobby - night Domenico and Jean - Pierre , each tote bucket of chip , escort Alice , Emma and meg to the elevator , all giddy . domenico not even a last drink in the bar ? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 49 . continued : emma it 's be such a splendid evening , I be reluctant to press my luck any further . meg yeah . good call , cordelia . ding ! the elevator arrive and the door open as Domenico lean in towards Emma . domenico then you must promise to dance with I at my party tomorrow . Emma evade Domenico by step onto the elevator . emma oh , delmonico -- domenico " Domenico . " emma I would not miss it for the world . meg collect the bucket from Domenico and step on . meg great meeting you , you highness . good time . really . Jean - Pierre place he bucket in Alice 's hand , a certain frisson to the simple exchange . jean -pierre tomorrow night ? emma wait ! before Alice can respond to Jean - Pierre , Emma take one of the bucket from Alice and hand it back to he . emma ( cont 'd ) you must keep this one . for you foundation . jean -pierre but , you family have already be so generous -- ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 50 . continued : ( 2 ) alice she really believe in education . the door start to close . jean -pierre good night , then . domenico and , welcome to monte Carlo . the door close , leave Jean - Pierre and Domenico to gaze fondly where the three woman have just be . they both sigh and turn for the bar , when they hear shriek from the elevator as it rise above they . int . HOTEL do paris - elevator - night Alice , meg and Emma jump up and down , scream like girl at a slumber party , chip fly everywhere . montage : ext . beauty salon - day Alice , meg and Emma burst through the salon door into the street , they hair color richer , eye brighter , a new lightness to they step ; vivid , brilliantly polished version of they essential selve . head turn as they set out together . int . boutique - day the wing of a brass - frame three - way mirror spin and spread in a swirl kaleidoscope of shifting reflection : Alice , meg and Emma work they way through a increasingly spectacular and audacious series of combination , dress and gowns , modeling for each other as they be tend to by shopgirl and seamstress ... -- Alice twirl in a navy dress with white polka dot . -- meg slap she own ass with a laugh , admire herself from the back in a pair of pencil thin sexy black jeans . -- Emma glow in a pale lavender strapless satin gown . end montage : monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 51 . int . boutique - day Alice , meg and Emma watch as a number of they dress be box and a cashier write they up . shop girl would you like this put on you account , Mademoiselle Scott ? alice no . thank you , we will be pay cash -- emma but , it would be darling if you could have they send round we hotel . meg wait . you know what , on second think , I be not get this -- she pull the pair of jeans from she pile of clothes . emma but , they look amazing on you ! ext . OPEN AIR market - day meg where be I ever go to wear they ? seriously ? emma you wear they here ! anywhere ! Alice , you tell she -- Alice open she mouth , but stop herself as the three wander the crowded market stall heape with fountain of flower in every color , bread , fresh produce , trinket and souvenir . alice no . I be not go to tell you what to do . meg thank you . it 's silly , anyway . they be just jeans . I want to find something for the kid -- emma oh , meg! look ! for Finn ! ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 52. continued : Emma leap to one of the stall , seize a profusion of plastic jewele tiaras display alongside photograph of princess Grace . she place a tiara on she head , modeling . emma ( cont 'd ) how perfect be this ?! alice even better ! Alice hold up a pair of pink satin toe shoe , swinging they from they ribbon lace . int . shoe repair shop - day a shop owner ( 60' ) slip a pair of freshly polished I n's shoe into a paper bag , place they on the counter in front of Richard , who pull out he wallet . richard ( remembering ) oh . and the suitcase . the shop owner retrieve Alice 's mend suitcase from a nearby shelf , a tag on the zipper . richard ( cont 'd ) how much do I owe you for that ? ext . strip mall - day Richard exit the shoe repair carry Alice '.s repair suitcase , head for he car . glenn hey , Richard ! Richard glance up to see Glenn crossing the parking lot with seamus and Finn , push a cart pile high with grocery . CUT to : Richard finish help Glenn and the kid transfer grocery bag to the open trunk of Glenn 's squad car . glenn ( cont 'd ) ( close trunk ) so , we will see you at seven then -- richard and that 's two with sausage , extra sauce , no onion -- ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 53. continued : seamus thin crust . richard get it . Richard pick up Alice 's suitcase . finn be you go to France , too ? richard no . I just -- Glenn turn , notice the suitcase for the first time . glenn whoa ! hold on ! you be go to surprise Alice --? finn I love surprise ! richard what ? no , I - -- glenn oh , man , I win ! Richard blink as Glenn clap he on the shoulder . glenn ( cont 'd ) meg and I have have this bet go : she think it would be on Alice 's next birthday , but I know it be go to be this trip to France ! richard Glenn , listen -- glenn do not worry ! I will not blow it for you ! I will not call anyone , ruin the surprise -- ( playful punch ) you sly dog ! you have probably book the best suite in Paris . be I right ? get the ring , the whole show -- . this be so you ! ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 54 . continued : ( 2 ) richard ( confuse , but flatter ) so ...me ? glenn sure ! that 's why Alice love you . you get how much this trip 's mean to she ; now , you be just put the icing on the cake . the big gesture , you know ? not too dominate : supportive . love ! ( shake he head ) you be the man , Richard . Big prop . Glenn pull Richard into a big happy bear hug . glenn ( cont 'd ) congratulation . richard Glenn . she say , no . ext . OPEN AIR market - day bernard rochand ( late 30' ) , a appeal frenchman in a wear sportscoat , pause in collect leek when he spot meg on the other side of the open stall . he watch as she survey the rich array of fresh produce , lift a tomato to she nose , inhale with a private smile . meg bite into the tomato , spurting juice onto she cheek and down she front . she look up as she attempt to wipe the juice away , stop when she catch Bernard smile with amusement . meg roll she eye with self - deprecation and move on along the line of stall . Bernard pay for he purchase and follow , find meg at another stall where a frenchwoman try to communicate how to prepare the fish they both admire . meg nod , not entirely understanding , but get enough of it to gesture response . the woman grab some newspaper , wrapping the fish , and thrust it towards meg with a smile . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 55 . continued : meg oh , no . no. I be sorry . I would like to . but ... the woman be confuse , vaguely insulted . meg ( cont 'd ) I do not have a kitchen . no place to cook . bernard she be only a visitor . without a kitchen . but , it be a beautiful fish . maybe next time . meg turn to find Bernard beside she . bernard ( cont 'd ) I have explain . meg hesitates uncertainly before this friendly stranger . meg well , thank you ... she smile at the woman and start to walk away , only to find Bernard fall into step with she . bernard you be american . meg glance at Bernard and away , uncomfortable , but curious , draw by he warmth and the familiar greeting he exchange with various vendor as they walk . meg from Wisconsin . yes . Bernard reach a handkerchief from he jacket for meg. bernard you cook in Wisconsin ? meg use the handkerchief to blot the remain tomato juice . meg I try. but ... we do not have even half of this at home . she point to a tray of miniature lobster . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 56 . continued : ( 2 ) meg ( cont 'd ) like that . I have only see they in magazine . bernard ah , langoustine . many way to prepare these -- meg I would go for a saute , be a midwestern gal . bernard court-bouillon . meg ( impressed ) poach . bernard with sea water . amazing . meg so , you cook . Bernard dip he head modestly . bernard as you say , " I try . " ( offer he hand ) Bernard . rochand . meg shake he hand and return the handkerchief . meg meg. Kelly . thank you again for you help -- bernard and , how long be you in monte Carlo , meg ? meg 's brow furrow slightly and she turn to head back . meg I need to find my --. . my friend be around here somewhere ... bernard I will help you find they . we can walk together -- ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 57 . continued : ( 3 ) meg ( laugh ) look . it be nice to meet you -- bernard " Bernard . " meg yeah . but , I be gonna walk myself . thanks , though . she slip into the move crowd , leave Bernard to watch as she meet Alice and Emma further up the street . he hold a beat , then turn when call to by a vendor . int . richard's apartment - day Glenn pace as Richard hold the phone at he desk , the esprit de Corps Tours website on he computer 's screen . richard it 's be two day and it do not occur to you to call anyone ? ext . palais do chaillot - day Madame valery , cellphone to she ear , lead ' the few remain member of she flock down the wide step , across the seine from the eiffel tower . madame valery she refuse to follow my instruction . she sabotage my tour . ruine it for everyone ! richard wait . Alice do ? Alice perry ? madame valery she take my flag ! cutting between : richard but , if they luggage be still there , then they be miss -- glenn miss ? what the --? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 58. continued : richard how do I get in touch with the police ? glenn hey , I be the police ! richard be you the police in France ? madame valery the police ? monsieur . nothing could keep she from see Paris she way . believe I . she be very determine . richard but -- glenn what 's she say ? madame valery you be the husband , yes ? Richard hesitates , look to Glenn . richard ( firmly ) yes . I be the husband . Glenn nod emphatically . int . villa da silvano - night a cascade of yellow and gold balloon wash over Alice as she dance with meg and Emma to a euro- trance - pop beat at the center of the crowded dance floor . Emma scream with delight in a new dress and plastic tiara , bat balloon as Domenico who spin she away . Alice watch with heighten vigilance as Emma dance with she prince and blow a kiss to Alice and meg . meg Alice , she 's fine ... ( marveling ) look where we be ! can you even remember the last time we dance like this ? it 's gotta be - martha lapland 's wedding -- ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 59 . continued : alice actually , sometimes Richard and I go to madison 's on Saturday -- meg ( stop dance , laugh ) the gay bar ? alice ( shrug , matter of fact ) they have get the best music . meg I be so but in on that . Alice laugh and spin , crash directly into jean-pierre . jean -pierre and I be look for you ! from the edge of the dance floor , nikolai ludovic ( late 30 ) , squat , bald , completely nondescript but for he white tie and tail , watch Emma ardently . he stop a waiter , take he tray of Champagne flute . Emma spin to find nikolai at she elbow , grin , hold up this offer , and she take he for a waiter . emma ooh ! thank you ! I be so thirsty ! nikolai remain plant , hold he tray with a smile , watch with bright eye as Emma drink . she lower she glass and she full attention snag on nikolai , really register he presence now as she search he warm , gentle eye . emma ( cont 'd ) it 's a wonderful party , be not it ? nikolai nod and offer she another glass of Champagne . Alice , dance with Jean - Pierre , subtly reposition herself in order to keep a eye on Emma . jean -pierre cordelia , she can take care of herself , yes ? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 60 . continued : ( 2 ) alice what ? oh , yeah , of course ... meg dance by herself , have a great time , take in the room , the music and the people , when a handsome man begin to match she move , insinuate himself . she smile but shake she head as she move away , turn she back to evade he . another gorgeous man sidle up to meg , join she solo dance , wiggling he eyebrow invitingly . meg no , thanks . she move off only to be meet by giorgio ( 40' , sexy , Euro - suave ) who smoothly step in . meg ( cont 'd ) no -- giorgio ( grinning wide ) yes ! Giorgio ! Emma slip away from dance with Domenico , move to nikolai who remain with he tray at the ready , . brighten at she approach , lift a glass . emma do not you need to , like , circulate ? nikolai ya znal , chto naydu tebya . Emma blushes as though shower in compliment . emma really ? penelope ( flat ) cordelia winthrop Scott . Emma turn , still smile , to find penelope penrose ( late 20 , british ) , frail and bird -like , but attempt to hold a warrior 's stance with she shoulder throw back . emma yes ? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 61 . continued : ( 3 ) penelope do you not know who I be ? Emma 's smile falter as she glance furtively about . emma um. ' course I do ... hi. penelope penelope . penelope penrose . penelope 's chin quiver as she read Emma 's blank look . penelope ( cont 'd ) I spend a year in hospital -- emma Hospital ? what happen ?! penelope you do ! you happen ! Alice swivel around at the raise voice , spot penelope face Emma . alice Excuse I ! she dodge away from Jean - Pierre , hook meg 's arm in pass , yanking she away from Giorgio as she head for Emma . penelope do not pretend you do not remember ! third year at Le rosey ! you throw my luggage in the pool . set fire to my mattress . you cut off all my hair -- meg what ? that 's awful ! penelope while I be sleep emma she do that to you ? alice ( correcting ) cordelia ! how could you ? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 62. continued : ( 4 ) penelope that be just the first night . alice say you be sorry , cordelia . ( whisper ) and let 's get out of here ! emma Alice , no --. wait a minute -- penelope ( to Alice and meg ) she turn all my friend against I ... they have to send I away ... to live with the nun -- Emma grab penelope by the shoulder . emma now , you listen to I , penelope penrose . you have no idea how long I have wait for this moment . penelope flinch , prepare for a beat . emma ( cont 'd ) but , I have no way of find you after you leave we , and ... oh , penny . do not you see ? do not you know that I be just jealous ? Alice and meg exchange look . penelope ( SMALL ) jealous ? emma you be so smart . so clever and beautiful -- penelope I be ugly -- emma no , penny . I be ugly . I be a monster . penelope penny pignose . that 's what you call I -- ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 63. continued : ( 5 ) emma because , I know I could never compete ! not with anyone as special as you . penelope you think I be special ? Emma look at penelope , nod emphatically . emma you want to know what I have wait for all this year , penelope penrose ? penelope shake she head almost imperceptibly . emma ( cont 'd ) to do this . Emma open she arm wide and pull penelope into a hug . she look at Alice and meg over penelope 's shoulder , and then close she eye with genuine emotion for a beat , pull back to smile into penelope 's grateful , tear-streaked face . emma ( cont 'd ) now ... Friends ? int . bistro - late night domenico ( raise a glass ) to friend ! old and new ! Emma seize penelope 's hand from across the table , place it in Domenico 's as she drunkenly sing the old girl scout song . emma " make new friend and keep the old , one be silver and the other 's gold ! " Alice and Jean - Pierre lean toward each other intimately ' across the pack , lively table of party - goer . jean -pierre but , no one really life here . monte Carlo . it 's like Hong Kong . people merely come and go . people like I . well , and then , people like yourself . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 64 . continued : Alice nod to a waiter who arrive to refill she Champagne glass , pour as Jean - Pierre speak . alice people like I ? jean -pierre people with money . this be why I come . I help assuage they guilt when I remind they that there be child in this world who do not have clean water to drink , while they drink Champagne . alice and that work ? Jean - Pierre blink , then burst out laugh . jean -pierre I take myself far too seriously . alice no . I be sorry , I do not mean --. I have see the picture of the school . the work you do be admirable -- jean -pierre and I be afraid I talk about it because I myself be not that interesting ... ( a hand on she arm ) I would rather know about you . alice ( trapped ) oh. well . you know . i...do what I can , here and there . a little volunteer work ... she turn to she Champagne , roll she eye at herself . alice ( cont 'd ) oh , brother . meg sit further down the length of all the table laid end to end , beside Giorgio , who have pull he chair close , drape a arm casually across the back of hers . meg okay , wait . you be a man , right ? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 65 . continued : ( 2 ) Giorgio laugh . meg ( cont 'd ) yeah , I know : I be funny . but , see if you can answer something for I . ten year you be marry , to the girl you date in high school . I be talk the girl you lose you virginity to , the one who give you two great kid that you be just crazy about . then one morning , what ? you wake up , and out of the blue , it 's like , " oh , hey , honey , I think I be in love with this other woman ... " ( pause ) his patrol partner . a beat as Giorgio shake he head sadly . meg ( cont 'd ) I think I be he partner . Giorgio take meg hand , more in comfort than come on . giorgio you heart feel betrayed . meg ( tell a secret ) I feel like I fail . giorgio I tell you this : a man ... he will always love the mother of he child . meg blink , take this in . giorgio ( cont 'd ) now you must kiss someone else . meg ( laugh ) oh , I see -- giorgio to break the spell . you must ! then you will be free . a plate of beautifully arrange langoustine be place on the table in front of meg. ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 66 . continued : ( 3 ) meg oh , I be sorry , ' I do not order -- she look up to find Bernard stand in chef 's white . bernard ( smile , nod ) Madame Kelly . he head toward for the kitchen before she can say anything . Emma pour sloppy glass of Champagne for she companion as though play a game of tag , spilling wine . emma and you be my friend ... and you be my friend . . . and you be my -- she turn with the bottle to find nikolai who have materialize beside she on the long banquette . emma ( cont 'd ) oh , hey ! you be at the party ! do you work here , too ? nikolai cheerfully shake he head , hold up she purse . emma ( cont 'd ) oh ! do I forget that ? wow , what a lifesaver ! thanks ! nikolai ti takaya vaskhititel ' naya . Emma set the bottle down to concentrate on nikolai . emma you be not from here , be you ? ( over-enunciating ) I be emm - -. my name be cordelia . nikolai ( point to himself ) nikolai . ext . STREET - pre-dawn Alice and Jean - Pierre walk along , side by side , they hand nearly touch , among the rest of the restaurant party . Alice look up , take in the bowl of pre-dawn sky , and glance over at Jean - Pierre who watch she . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 67 . continued : alice the star be still out . ahead , Emma break away from penelope and Domenico , leave the two to walk on together as she come back toward Alice . emma ( cont 'd ) where 's meg ? Alice look around and see Giorgio walk alone among the strolling party guest . alice I think she be right behind we -- int . bistro kitchen - pre-dawn Bernard take a tray of dish from he father ( 70' , strike resemblance ) who enter from the dining room . bernard papa , sit down . Rest . int . bistro - pre-dawn Bernard enter with the tray , stop when he see meg examine a menu by the front door of the empty bistro . meg ( sly smile ) you do cook . Bernard shrug , smile as he come forward . bernard you enjoy you meal ? meg add the fresh orange ; nice . bernard nod , accept the compliment . meg ( cont 'd ) but , a little fennel would have be " wow . " bernard next time , you cook . emma meg ! what be you do ? come on ! we be go to watch -- ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 68. continued : Emma and Alice stop short just outside in the street , pause as they sense they have interrupt . alice we be --. we be go to watch the sunrise . meg hesitates , turn between she friend and Bernard . bernard ( smile ) you should not miss it . ext . STREET - pre-dawn Alice and Emma walk with meg down the narrow street at the end of which the party guest stroll and Jean - Pierre wait for Alice , with penelope , Domenico and nikolai . alice the guy from the market ? emma he be so cute ! and a cook --! meg chef . emma and you be single now ! meg slow to a stop , stand a beat . meg ( quietly ) I be single . I be single , now . alice you know , Julia child do not take she first cooking class until she be thirty seven . meg ( smile ) I tell you that . penelope it 's come , cordelia ! the sun ! 0 monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 69 . be ext . place do casino -- dawn Alice , Emma and meg , arm link , round the corner into the square with the rest of the party guest , just as the very edge of the sun crest the horizon of the open sea . Alice turn to meg and Emma , share this moment so far beyond anything they could have dream . meg we would be get up now . alice if we be home . emma but , we be not . photographer cordelia ! the spell be break by a trio of paparazzi who spring to life by the hotel 's entrance . paparazzi cordelia ! cordelia ! emma oh , good ! I want a picture ! of the three of we ! all of we ! the paparazzi swarm from the step towards Emma . emma ( cont 'd ) by the fountain ! she run for the spray of water , pull Alice and meg , and the paparazzi meet they , flash away . lean against the fountain 's balustrade , Emma gesture for everyone to join they . emma ( cont 'd ) penelope ! come on . I want one with everybody ! penelope , Domenico and Jean - Pierre join with other member of the group and Emma line they all up . emma ( cont 'd ) okay ! ready ? one , two -- ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 70 . continued : she spot nikolai observe at a short distance . emma ( cont 'd ) wait ! wait ! niki ! he shake he head , bashful , but Emma gesture he over , swinging she arm wildly . emma ( cont 'd ) nikolai , you , too ! I need all my friend -- whoops ! her foot zip out from beneath she and she sail backwards over the balustrade , reach for Alice and meg , pull they with she as the camera 's flash . splash ! ext . charle do gaulle airport - day a 747 airliner touch down on the tarmac . int . charle do gaulle airport - baggage claim - day Alice 's repair suitcase tumble off the conveyer belt . richard Excuse I . pardon I . Richard skirt around a man with a newspaper to retrieve the bag and head for custom . as Richard exit , the man fold he newspaper to its bold headline : scott make a splash ! , and a huge photograph of Emma , Alice and meg laugh together in the fountain . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day Emma enter from the bedroom in a swimsuit and wrap , to find Alice hang up the desk phone . emma Alice , have you see my sandal ? alice okay , there 's a two o'clock and a four o'clock train to -- emma train ? where be you go ? Alice look up and take in Emma 's costume . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 71 . continued : alice where be you go ? emma I be go to the beach . with penelope . meg enter through the suite 's door carry a bakery bag . meg Breakfast be here ! there 's this fantastic bakery around the corner . I have already have three brioche . and I see the great little shop for the kid , but they be not open yet -- ( off Alice 's look ) what 's go on ? ( to emma ) what happen ? emma I do not know . she 's talk about train schedule ... Emma trail off as she and meg and Alice look between each other in confusion , each processing for a beat . alice we need to start pack , right ? if we be go back to Paris -- emma back to Paris ? alice that be the plan -- meg what plan ? emma we be not stay for the auction ? alice we be just go to come down , take a look around and -- meg that be before we know it be for a charity . remember the kid ? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 72. continued : ( 2 ) emma in Africa . alice the one we steal a trip from ? the kid who be pay for this room ? meg Alice , what 's with you ? we will pay for the room -- emma we be rich ! alice so , I be the only one worried about the fact that we be lie to everyone we have meet ? meg lying ? to who ? Jean -pierre ? emma you be the one who say we have to go to the casino -- alice and now I be apparently the only who 's worried we might get catch . meg she 's in Iceland . alice one of she friend be bound to find out , or she family -- meg what friend ? emma I have get friend . the doorbell ring and they turn they head in unison , then look to each other with sudden alarm . a beat . Emma go to the door , find penelope , also dress for the beach , who hold up the newspaper with it 's fountain photo . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 73. continued : ( 3 ) penelope have you see ? emma oh , my god ! we look great ! ( usher penelope in ) Alice , look ! Alice take the paper , meg read over she shoulder . meg ( laugh ) we have get to get that in the yearbook . penelope yearbook ? alice penelope , could you excuse we ? penelope oh. of course . where --? Alice show penelope to the bedroom , close the door and spin to face Emma and meg. alice ( hushed panic ) this be what I be talk about ! this be why we have to go -- emma do not it mean we have to stay ? meg oh , this be so typical . just because it 's not on you map , ' cause you do not plan it --. we all agree to take this adventure and then you will not jump . alice I will not --? jump ? meg drop into a chair , mumble a aside to herself . meg now I know how Richard must feel . Alice come to a full stop and gape at meg , stung . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 74 . continued : ( 4 ) alice Richard ...? meg ( feeble apology ) I be just say ... alice well , you be sure one to talk . meg 's eye flick up to Alice . alice ( cont 'd ) you can not even bring yourself to buy a pair of jeans anymore -- emma okay , you know what ? let 's just pack . it 's not fun anymore . Alice , if you think we should go , then that 's what we be gonna do . you be in charge . meg scoff , a exasperate exhale . alice no way . not anymore I be not . you want to go to the beach ? go to the beach . you want to go the market ? go ! " liberte , egalite , fraternite ! " emma what do that mean ? Alice snatch up she purse and head for the door . alice it mean everyone should do exactly what they want . meg exactly . emma Alice , wait ! where be you --? you be not go back to Paris --? alice ( righteous ) me? no. I be go to have a adventure . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 75 . continued : ( 5 ) she exit , slamm the door behind she . a beat . meg ( off Emma 's look ) do not look at I like that . the door open , and Alice re-enter , stride across the room for the desk , not look at either Emma or meg . alice I just --. my guide book . she pick up she book and cross back to the door . ext . le petit sommeil HOTEL - day Richard step from the hotel with a manager ( 50' ) who pantomime that he recognize Alice from the snapshot Richard show he , but have no idea where she could be . Richard pull out a map to point at a random spot and the manager gesture up the street , down the street , shrugging : she could be anywhere . ext . grimaldi palace - day Alice , amid a crowd of tourist , only half watch the change of the guard outside the palace gate . she snap herself out of she distraction with a shake of she head and turn to the mark page in she guide book . carl Alice ? she glance up to find Carl and deedee from the tour . deedee we think that be you ! alice oh ! Carl ! deedee ! Alice be surprisingly overcome and impulsively throw she arm around both of they . deedee well , we be sure surprised to see you , too ! ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 76 . continued : alice but , what be you do here ? how do you --? carl well , when we see how you stand up to that Madame valery - -! if Alice can do that , we think , what the heck 's holdin ' we back ? this be we honeymoon ! deedee I be scared , but then , well , you only live once ! and as long as we have get each other -- carl we have get everything , right ? Alice blink , unaccountably teary eye . alice yes . that 's right . carl sometimes you have just gotta follow you heart . be bold : let the rest take care of itself . ext . paris - arc do triomphe - day Richard stand with he map beneath the arch where all road come together in a spin roundabout of bleat car horn . he look down the length of the champ elysee , overwhelm . the japanese couple from Notre Dame approach Richard to ask direction and he shrug helplessly , press the map on they , and step out as a crosswalk signal turn to green . ext . monte carlo - STREET - day Alice embrace deedee and Carl beside a wait taxi . carl tell the girl we would have love to see they , but -- deedee Italy call ! and Greece ! we be even think of hit Turkey ! imagine ! we will send you postcard . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 77 . continued : 0 Alice put she friend in the taxi , close the door as deedee scroll the window down . alice enjoy every second of it ! deedee you , too , honey ! carl bon voyage ! the car pull away , Carl and deedee turn in they seat to wave at Alice through the rear window . Alice wave until they be out of sight and slowly lower she hand , stand alone in the street . a beat . Alice sigh and pull out she guide book , unfold a map as she look up to gather she bearing . she take in the quiet street , the view of the ocean , then look back at the map in she hand . she straighten up , a new look of purpose on she face , and cross the street to toss she guide book and map in the trash can on the corner , strike out unaid down a narrow twist street hang with vine and flower . ext . monte carlo - STREET - evening Alice round the corner of one street into the tight intersection of two narrow alley in the fade twilight . she look around , . cheek flushed , hair paste to she forehead , lose in a maze of dilapidate wall courtyard and apartment block ; home to the city 's service worker . she hesitates , then forges ahead down one street until she see that it dead end , and she double back . ext . monte carlo - STREET - evening Alice suppress panic as she walk briskly up a steep alley , high in the hill , trail now by a small stray dog . she stop , turn to the dog that also stop then sit . alice be go. go home . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 78. continued : she turn and start forward , the dog follow . Alice stop again , turn , and the dog sit . alice ( cont 'd ) do not follow I . I have no idea where I be go ... the dog cock its head in comment . alice ( cont 'd ) okay ? Alice turn to climb the street 's incline . the dog follow . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - late afternoon penelope , dress for the evening , get up from recline on the bed to join Emma who model a gown before a mirror . the two regard Emma 's reflection , cock they head in a identical manner at precisely the same time . penelope draw a necklace in gesture , indicate Emma 's bare collar bone . Emma turn , light by a idea , and pull the 'steel briefcase from its hide place beneath the bed . int . bistro - evening meg open the door from the street , step inside , wear the sexy jeans she have not buy the day before . bernard 's father make he way to meet she with menus . emile Madame ? meg just one . he lead she to a table along the wall and hold out a chair . seat , meg follow he with she eye to the kitchen where Bernard work furiously at the stove , toss the content of a sauce pan with a expert flick of he wrist . Bernard glance out to the dining room , seem to sense meg before know he will find she there . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 79 . continued : 0 meg match the broad smile that sweep Bernard 's face . ext . cafe - paris - evening a pair of strolling lover draw Richard 's attention as he massage he stockinge foot at a sidewalk table . he watch they stop , kiss , then continue on they way . a waiter return with Richard 's change on a plate and Richard fit he shoe back on he foot , gather he thing to stand . he stop when he notice the front page of a newspaper fold on a chair at the next table . he quickly unfold it to the photograph of Alice and meg with Emma in the fountain , scan down to the caption : cordelia Scott and friend in monte Carlo . Hotel de Paris , etc ... ext . monte carlo - STREET - evening Alice feed the little dog a scrap of meat as she eat a kabob , seat on the curb by a street vendor 's food cart around which algerian men lounge in plastic lawn chair . the dog look at she avidly , hungry for more . Alice hold she kabob stick out for the dog to eat , surrender she dinner with pleasure . as Alice sip from a bottle of beer , a soccer ball bounce off the curb and roll to a stop beside she . she look up as a ragtag band of kide call from the dusty lot across the street , ask for they ball . a beat as Alice regards the ball . int . / ext . yacht party - evening Emma wear cordelia 's elaborate necklace , stand alone , within a throng of party goer , all converse in french . she nod and smile absently , though she 's clearly lose , out of she element , when Giorgio approach . giorgio where be meg ? I do not see she . emma no. I ... I do not think she 's 0 come . I be sorry . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 80. continued : Emma drift away to the ship 's rail where she turn to survey the party , smile wistfully at penelope and Domenico lock in intimate conversation . photographer cordelia ! there she be ! cordelia ! the trio of paparazzi putter alongside in a small boat , pepper the yacht with they camera flash . Emma look out at they , without she usual animation . photographer ( cont 'd ) smile , cordelia ! please , smile ! Emma wave , but can not seem to manage that smile . nikolai ty v poryadke ? Emma turn to find nikolai stand beside she in white tie , a piece of cake extend in one hand , a fork in the other . Emma 's eye light up as if a switch have be throw and the flash of a camera record she huge , dazzle smile . emma niki . he bow slightly , offer the cake . emma ( cont 'd ) you work here too ? you never get a night off ... he smile , shaking he head , hand she the cake . nikolai ya sa-meey shas - li-veey che - lo- vek to zem-le , pa-ta - mu chto u I - nya yest ' tee . Emma hang on every incomprehensible word . nikolai ( cont 'd ) vy menya panimayete ? emma oh , niki ... I be so glad you find I . 0 monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 81. int . bistro - kitchen - night meg seamus . he 's ten . built a website for he fourth grade class . now he 's get actual client . and that 's Finn , the prima ballerina . she will be six in June -- emile examine photograph of seamus and Charlotte from meg 's wallet while she refill they glass at the kitchen table and Bernard work at the stove . emile elle est coquin , oui ? meg oh , she 's no chicken . she 's not scared of anything -- bernard ( laugh ) not a chicken . he say , she look like a rascal . meg no idea where she get that ... meg lift she glass with a sly smile as Bernard bring plate of food to the table . meg ( cont 'd ) but , that 's a nice word for it . ext . monte carlo - dirt lot - night alice I be open ! I be open ! Alice sail down the makeshift soccer field as one of the kid pass the ball to she , chase by the other . she dodge and kick the ball through the goal to score . her " team " jump and cheer , as do a collection of spectator who have gather to watch this tall red head woman in a summer dress racing around the dusty lot with a band of kid . alice ( cont 'd ) go! go! ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 82. continued : Alice race back down the field with she team , the little dog run along and bark from the sideline . ext . bistro - alley -- night bernard but , she be perfectly safe . meg yeah . no . no way . Bernard straddle a beat up mope , motor run , as meg shake she head emphatically . bernard I can not take you , if you will not get on . meg what do you want I to tell you ? I be not get on that thing . Bernard fix she with a level look , which meg mimic . bernard ( amiably ) c'est bon . au revoir . he swing a leg over the mope , revs the engine . meg hold on . ext . moped - night - moving meg hang on to Bernard as they zip along the beachfront drive and turn she face to the wind with a smile . she surrender to the ride , the sheer fun of it , laugh . meg how do you say " faster ? " int . blue ribbon restaurant - night Bernard and meg , flush from they ride , enter the kitchen through a back door , to be hail by a half - dozen chef crowded around a table litter with dish . be ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 83. continued : bernard the best chef of monte Carlo . they come here to drink and show off . the end of every night . henri ( 60' , a bear in chef 's white ) lumber towards they . henri no ! no ! no ! we be only cook allow here ! bernard ah , but , this be why we have come ! I have finally find someone who can teach you how to cook ! ( introducing ) this be meg , from America . ( to meg ) and this be henri , the worst egotist , my mentor . the two man embrace , merrily kissing each other on both cheek , then henri pull meg under he arm . henri ( turn to the table ) a chef from America ! come to flip hamburger ! int . / ext . car - night - moving Jean - Pierre drive a open silver sport car full of party goer down the twist street , when he see the commotion and crowd around the dirt lot . then he spot Alice run - around . ext . monte carlo - dirt lot - night Alice stick like glue to a kid with the ball , maneuver in , steal the ball , and double back in the opposite direction , racing up the field as the crowd laugh and clap . she pass the ball to kid who drive it to the goal , score . Alice look up from the game at the tapping of a car horn to see Jean - Pierre honk in celebration as he lean against the car with he guest , enjoy the game . Alice stop to wave , and take the ball full in the face . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 84. continued : Jean - Pierre 's smile wink out as Alice drop and he race from the car as worried kid and spectator form a circle around Alice 's prone body . the little dog lick Alice 's face and she open she eye . she leap up as Jean - Pierre cross the lot . alice I be up ! I be up ! let 's go ! she set off down the field with the kid . ext . yacht - pre-dawn empty and half - fill glass , bottle litter every surface along with plate , ashtray , crumpled napkin . Emma sit on the lower landing deck , leg in the water , shoe in she hand , look out at the light . nikolai move he leg in the gentle current beside she , tuxedo trousers roll , while he concentrate on work a napkin into intricate fold . Emma turn to look back at the silent boat . emma it do not seem fair . leave you to clean up all alone . ( thinks ) I will help . but , you have really get to talk to you boss . nikolai laugh , shaking he head . nikolai ya ryadom . emma it must get kind of lonely sometimes ... not be understand . ( pause ) I know how that can feel . nikolai hold up the napkin he 's transformed into a crown adorn with flower and the wire cage from Champagne cork . Emma look at he , she face soft and vulnerable , open , as nikolai place the makeshift crown on she head with care . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 85 . continued : nikolai ( heavily accented ) my princess . they look at one another for a beat , then simultaneously turn to the sea and the frail sky , await the sun . emma ( softly ) you get I . nikolai look down at he hand on the edge of the deck next to Emma 's , and turn it palm up in invitation . Emma place she hand in he . emma ( cont 'd ) you get I . int . blue ribbon - pre-dawn meg try to follow the discussion and familiar teasing of the chef as they pass plate , goad she to taste . she look over at Bernard , who smile as he hold he hand up at the scene , he boisterous friend , the food ; as though to say " this be good , enjoy . " meg relax she shoulder and give in to the spirit of the table , spear a bite of food and lift she glass to Bernard . CUT to : meg and another chef , lock in a chopping duel , plow though onion at a blind pace , they knife flash , create a escalate staccato on they cut board . meg sweep she onion from she board to a pan , and slam she knife down in victory as all the chef erupt with applause . henri seize meg 's hand , raise she arm in the air , and present she with a bottle of wine . meg turn to Bernard , beam , thrilled , utterly happy , as the other chef clap she on the back , shake she hand . int . / ext . HOTEL do paris - roof - pre-dawn Jean - Pierre open the door at the top of the fire stair , revealing the open sky , turn back to take Alice 's hand . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 86. continued : alice ( v.o. ) what 's the most amazing place you have ever be ? jean - pierre ( v.0 . ) hard to say . there be many . Alice step out onto the hotel 's roof with Jean - Pierre 's jacket over she shoulder . alice ( v.o. ) well , Africa , then . how often do you get to go ? he lead she around the maze of skylight to the front of the building that face the sea and the lighten sky . jean - pierre ( v.0 . ) not enough . mostly I be on plane . to the place where sunlight and party make people generous . ext . HOTEL do paris - roof - moment later Alice 's smile flicker with a vague disappointment as she lean against the hotel 's crown beside jean-pierre . alice that seem a shame ... jean -pierre but , I can think of one place I have never be . it be in my imagination only , so it be very special . he place a arm around Alice as they take in the view . jean - pierre ( cont 'd ) it be just a small town , in a vast , open space . maybe in the middle of America . there be people there like yourself , who be kind . and child who have everything they need . Alice turn to Jean - Pierre as he take a strand of she hair in he finger , and they hold a beat , look at one another . jean - pierre ( cont 'd ) in my mind , it be border by field that be green . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 87. continued : 0 Alice break the moment by turn she head to search the far horizon just as the rise sun crest the open sea . ext . yacht - dawn nikolai shrug himself out of he formal shirt to stand before Emma in nothing but starfish print boxer short . he lift he hand : this be I . here I be . Emma hesitates , then let she gown fall around she , bare except for she panty , the necklace , and she napkin crown . nikolai push himself off the side of the boat at a run , hike up he leg into a cannonball . splash ! he surface and turn back to the boat just as Emma dive in with a splash ! she swim to nikolai , push he under in a child 's game , and he pop up , spitting water like a fountain . they laugh and Emma loop she arm around he . a beat as they sober . Emma pull nikolai close to she , and they kiss . on the landing deck , Emma 's gown shimmer in the morning sun with nikolai 's crown and cordelia 's yellow gem and diamond necklace nestle among its satin fold . int . HOTEL do paris - hallway - dawn Alice , still wear Jean - Pierre 's jacket , walk down the hall with Jean - Pierre close beside she , neither speak . she turn to he when they reach the door of she suite . a long beat stretch , full of every possibility . jean -pierre come with I . alice what ? jean -pierre to Dubai . I leave the day after --. what be today ? Friday ? I leave tomorrow . you could come too . you would not need to bring anything . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 88. continued : alice but --. jean-pierre ... ( a near confession ) you do not know I . jean -pierre this be why I ask . I would like to know you , Alice . very much . Alice regards he a beat , then slowly pull he jacket from she shoulder . alice before this , I would never even be to France . Jean - Pierre blink and Alice laugh , as much at herself . alice ( cont 'd ) it 's true . just keep put it off . always manage to find a excuse . but , really , it be that I be afraid . that it could not ever live up to the France I would imagine . and if it do ... then I would never be able to go home . jean -pierre and , now ? Alice gently place Jean - Pierre 's jacket in he hand and step near to kiss he on the lip . alice but , thank you . she turn and open the door with she key as Jean - Pierre smile ruefully . alice ( cont 'd ) for everything . Alice step into she room and close the door . ext . nice airport - day Richard exit the plane , walk down a mobile stairway onto the tarmac , carry Alice 's repair suitcase . 0 monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 89 . int . nice airport - day Richard stand at the information counter , confer with a attendant in he break french . richard excusez-moi ... I be look for the train . to monte Carlo . behind he , cordelia stride through a set of door to stop directly at Richard 's back as she search the terminal and hiss into she cellphone . cordelia yes , daddy , I be here . no , I do not see a driver . yes , I be look ! the attendant point over Richard 's shoulder to a exit . Richard begin to turn in cordelia 's direction , but the attendant correct he , point the other way . richard merci . he pick up Alice 's suitcase and head off just as a uniformed driver approach cordelia . driver Mademoiselle Scott ? cordelia where have you be ? the driver lead she away , neither she nor Richard have take note of the nearby newsstand and its display of today 's front page : Emma on the yacht wear cordelia 's necklace . ext . HOTEL do paris - day meg zoom the mope around the fountain a last loop , Bernard on the back , before jerk to a stop in front of the hotel . Bernard steady the mope as meg climb off . I G well , this be I . back to the old grimaldi suite . bernard ( with regret ) I have to open the restaurant . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 90 . continued : a beat as they face each other , neither know how to end the evening , how to say goodbye . meg thank you father for I ? bernard I will , meg. meg thank you . meg hug he briefly , awkwardly , then turn for the step . bernard Goodbye , meg. meg stop , hold a beat with she back to Bernard . then she turn and march to he with purpose , seize he face in both she hand and kiss he passionately . she release Bernard , who stagger against the mope , catch himself just before go over , as she turn again for the step , a enormous smile on she face . be int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day Alice sit on the edge of the bed with the hotel phone , idly look out at the sparkling bay and anchore boat . alice ( leave a message ) well , I wish you be there . or here . I wish you be here , Richard . I do ... because I keep think , no matter what I see , I be only see half of it . because we be not see it together ... meg let herself in the front door and head for the bedroom , stop when she overhear Alice on the phone . alice ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Richard . I hope you ' will be there when I get home ... because that 's all I want . Alice hang up the phone , so lose in think she do not see meg stand at the door . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 91 . continued : meg ( softly ) hey . Alice look up , smile to see she friend . alice oh. hey -- ( take meg in ) hey ! you buy the jeans ! they look great --! meg ( tearful , comic ) Alice , I be so sorry ! for what I say . about you . and Richard . I do not mean any of it ! I love you . I do not know how I would have get through the past six month if it be not for you -- alice no . it 's okay . you be right -- ( burst into tear ) oh , meg ! I make a huge mistake ! meg wha --? alice Richard ask I to marry he -- meg wait . what ? when ? alice I tell he we should wait a week ! meg no. you do not -- alice I do ! he surprised I ! meg Alice ... alice I would imagine he ask I a million time , but then when he do , I just panicked . suddenly all I could think about be the trip . ( more ) ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 92 . continued : ( 2 ) alice ( cont 'd ) that I have not already be to France . it be like this wave , all the year , and chance I would have but do not take , they just crash down on I : and I have not see anything but the end of Lake Avenue . the only clear think in my head be , " this guy be so wonderful , how can he marry half a person ? " meg but , Alice . you be go . we be on we way . alice I think he be ask I to make a choice . but , he be not . he be not do that at all . it be I . because I could not believe he love I just for who I be . France or no . ( pause ) all I have to do be say , " yes . " meg honey , Richard know you ... it might feel like it 's over . but , it 's not . alice ( crying ) I really ruin it this time ... the suite 's doorbell ring and they both look up . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - moment later Alice open the door for Emma who stand up from retrieve the morning paper just outside the door . emma ( hand off paper ) thanks . I could not find --. I musta leave my key someplace ... ( on a cloud ) but , what do it matter , really ? when I already have everything I will ever need ... Alice exchange a look with meg as Emma swan across the suite to tear open on the fruit basket , pluck out a apple , and drape herself across a chaise . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 93. continued : be emma ( cont 'd ) moooorn , meg ... ( back on track ) for the first time in my life , everything make perfect sense , you know ? meg I be try to follow you -- emma I be in love ! I be ! oh , you guy , I be in love with niki ... nikolai ... nikolai . and , I do not care if he be just a busboy . or waiter . whatever he be ... Alice unfold the paper , take in the image of Emma wear cordelia 's necklace . emma ( cont 'd ) it 's funny if you think about it . I could have have a prince . a real one . but , I want my niki-- ( a big bite of apple ) hey . why be you guy cry ? this be good news ! alice I think we say no jewelry -- emma no --? what jewelry ? meg what ? Alice hold up the newspaper . emma ooh , that 's a good one ! alice the necklace , Emma ! Emma 's face cloud as she distractedly reach a hand to she bare collar bone , then flick she eye up to Alice . alice ( cont 'd ) Emma , where 's the necklace --? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 94 . continued : ( 2 ) Emma leap up and race to the window , throw the door 0 wide as Alice and meg dash after she onto the balcony . emma the yacht ! there ! I leave it on --! meg be you kid I ?! photographer ( o.s. ) cordelia ! cordelia ! they look directly down to the base of the hotel where the trio of paparazzi call as cordelia emerge from a limousine . Alice and meg look at each other , stricken . emma oh , hey . what 's she do here ? int . HOTEL do paris - lobby - day cordelia stride across the lobby , pass worker who set up for the auction , and arrive at the front desk . a busy desk clerk glance up , brighten happily . desk clerk Mademoiselle Scott ! cordelia look at he with typical , wither disdain . cordelia the driver be late . the clerk 's smile falter , fade . cordelia ( cont 'd ) hello ? I be check in . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day Alice , Emma and meg race around , frantically grab clothes , stuff they into shopping bag . int . HOTEL do paris - hallway - day ding ! the elevator door open and cordelia step off with a bellhop tote she bag , as she cell phone ring . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 95 . continued : cordelia ( answering ) hello ?! int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day the three woman scramble though the suite , collect , straighten , smoothing in a blind panic . int . HOTEL do paris - hallway - day the bellhop stop outside the door with cordelia . cordelia Beijing ? oh , I want to come ! will you wait for I ? int . HOTEL do paris suite - day click ! Alice , meg and Emma freeze in they track at the very center of the suite , they head swinging toward the door when they hear the key insert from the other side . int . HOTEL do paris - hallway - day the bellhop open the door , hold it wide for cordelia who march in to the room ... int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day . where everything , impossibly , appear to be in place . cordelia I can be there in , say , a day -- ( to bellhop ) I be mean to have a suite . ( into phone ) of course , they have screw this up as well --. who else be go ? the bellhop open the bedroom door , revealing the tower of cordelia 's luggage , crown by the reassemble fruit basket . cordelia , unimpress , indicate the bag the bellhop hold . cordelia ( cont 'd ) put that with the other -- ( into phone ) wait , wait ! she spin away for the french door , twist they handle , and throw they wide . monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 96 . ext . HOTEL do paris - day cordelia step to the railing , completely unaware of Alice , precariously perch atop the adjacent balcony 's railing , back press against the face of the hotel . cordelia ( into phone ) stavros be suppose to be here , be not he ? I do not see he boat ! Alice carefully turn to meg and Emma who look back she with desperate face from the balcony on the far side of cordelia , where they balance with they shopping bag . bellboy ( o.s. ) Mademoiselle ? cordelia ( into phone ) majorca ?! hold on . she do a quick turn , march inside . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day the bellboy stand expectantly by the front door . cordelia yes ? he nod , not quite with he hand out , but wait . cordelia ( cont 'd ) if you be do , you may go . the bellboy turn but hesitates in catch a quick glimpse of Alice , fleet as a gazelle , as she pass the open door on the balcony behind cordelia . cordelia ( cont 'd ) I say , you can go . he bow a retreat , back out the door . ext . HOTEL do paris - day Alice climb across to the next balcony where meg try the handle of another set of french door . meg they be lock ! ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 97 . continued : they each look about for a route of escape . Emma look down , on the head of the unsuspecting paparazzi while Alice scrutinize the facade above . Alice look at meg. meg ( cont 'd ) no. forget it . Alice lace she finger together , turn to Emma . alice Emma , help . meg alice --- alice you be first . there 's a door on the roof -- emma the roof ?! ext . HOTEL do paris - roof - day Shopping bag swing up over the edge of the roof , landing in profusion , follow by three set of grip hand . Alice , meg and Emma haul each other over the hotel 's crown , the view of the ocean and the yacht in the bay behind they . ext . motor boat - at sea - day a boat driver in uniform pass a captain 's hat to nikolai , who place it on he head as they speed towards the marina . ext . dinghy - at sea - day meg turn to get a gauge on the distant yacht as she and Alice labor with the oar of a fisherman 's dinghy . meg why would they have to park so far out , anyway ?! alice one point five million euros , Emma ! ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 98 . continued : emma I say I be sorry ! you think I would have wear it if I know how much it cost ? busy fight , none of they notice as nikolai 's boat pass fifty foot off they side . meg what be I go to tell my kid ?! how be I be go to explain to Glenn that we be in a french jail ? alice for the auction , Emma ! meg my kid will be in college when we get out ! they will not even know I . emma none of we know that , Alice -- meg trespass . burglary . oh , god . Grand larceny , by trick and deception -- alice for the child --! emma in Africa . I know ! meg I be stand in a steal boat ! emma well , sit down then ! nikolai 's wake hit the dinghy , rock they hard . ext . monte carlo train station - track - day Richard step off the train , with today 's paper wedge under the arm that carry Alice 's suitcase . ext . yacht - day the dinghy strike the side of the yacht and the three woman scramble to they foot , grasp the side of the boat . monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 99 . ext . yacht - day emma it be right here ! meg oh , I can not believe this ... meg double over , hand on she knee as Emma stand over the empty spot on the landing . alice be you even sure you take it off ? emma definite " yes . " alice well ... be you this close to the edge ? I mean , it could have fall -- meg do not even say it ! emma 0 you know , I be get a little tired of this . just because I sometime forget -- alice Emma , we be not talk about a pair of sunglass ! meg we do not have time for this ! let 's just split up ! Alice you go fore , Emma take the aft , and I will check the cabin . Emma glare at Alice with steely , narrow eye . emma alright . Fine . ( pause ) which way be aft ? int . HOTEL do paris - lobby - day the clerk look up as nikolai arrive at the front desk . clerk yes ? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 100 . continued : nikolai ya khotel by perepisyvat 'sy a 's vami . clerk excusez moi , monsieur ? int . yacht - day Alice , meg and Emma reconvene in the cabin 's salon , each come from a different direction . meg Nice boat . no necklace . alice where be he , anyway ? emma he just work here . I do not -- ( a idea form ) you do not think he could have take it , do you ? meg who know ?! I mean , be there anyone who understand a word he say ?! emma ( stricken ) oh , this could all be my fault ! he probably think he need it , to finance we new life together . the temptation be just too much for he -- alice Emma , it 's you fault because you wear it in the first place ! emma he work like fifteen job already ! you do not know what it 's like be around rich people all the time -- meg actually , we do . be monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 101 . int . HOTEL do paris - lobby - day nikolai pick up the hotel phone as he remove Emma 's room key from he pocket . nikolai ( to operator ) pozhalujsta . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day cordelia ( into cell ) gratitude , mummy . that 's what I be talk about . it 's just so unfair the way daddy assume I have nothing better to do than -- the hotel phone ring , interrupt she complaint . cordelia ( cont 'd ) hold on . she pick up the ringing telephone at the desk . cordelia ( cont 'd ) what be it ? what ? ( listen ) I can not understand you . she hang up , head for the fruit basket with she cell . cordelia ( cont 'd ) mummy , mummy , I be just say I wish someone , anyone , would consider my feeling . just once . she snatch up a apple from the basket without look . cordelia ( cont 'd ) you go ask he how much he think a simple " thank you " might cost . she hang up she cell with a sniff and raise the apple , stop when she see where Emma have eat . she recoil , drop the apple , which roll across the carpet and hit one of Emma 's sandal beneath the desk . cordelia approach , look down to discover the other sandal in the wastebasket , along with Emma 's break plastic tiara , room service dish , and the newspaper . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 102 . continued : cordelia pull the newspaper from the trash , curiosity turn to shock as she take in the huge tear photograph of Emma wear she necklace . ext . dinghy - at sea - day the woman paddle back towards the marina . alice well , we be just go to have to talk to she . meg oh , yeah , that be the first thing that strike I about she . how reasonable she seem -- emma ( seize on the idea ) yeah , we will just explain . meg we should have sail that yacht right back to Wisconsin - - emma be ( selling herself ) it be a accident . this whole thing -- meg you think she would fit in one of that trunk of hers --? alice meg ? meg just think out loud . emma you never know . she might understand . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day cordelia slam the steel briefcase onto the bad , scrabbling at the combination lock . click ! she rip the lid open to reveal the empty velvet lining and she scream ! monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 103 . ext . HOTEL do paris - day Richard pay a taxi driver , take Alice 's repair suitcase , and mount the step directly behind Domenico escort penelope through the revolve door . int . HOTEL do paris - lobby - day Domenico and penelope head for the ballroom entrance and Richard arrive at the front desk , just as the clerk 's phone begin to ring . Richard hold up the newspaper with Emma 's photo . richard I need to find this woman -- the clerk put up a finger as he lift the receiver . clerk Une moment , monsieur . pardon . behind Richard , nikolai cross from the bank of house phone for the elevator , stop to pluck a flower from the lobby 's arrangement . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day cordelia ( on hotel phone ) send security ! immediately ! this be cordelia winthrop Scott . I have be rob ! int . HOTEL do paris - lobby nikolai step into the elevator , the door close , just as Alice , Emma and meg throw themselves through the lobby 's revolve door . at the desk , the clerk hang up one phone to pick up another , stalling Richard again with he finger . clerk pardon . ( into phone ) securite -- the clerk stop , spot Emma as she , Alice and meg , sprint past the front desk and Alice wipe out , trip over she own suitcase on the floor beside Richard . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 104 . continued : alice oh ! Richard whip around to see Alice spread-eagled on the marble floor as meg and Emma slide to a stop . richard Alice ? meg alice Richard ! Richard --? richard ( cont 'd ) Alice ! emma wow ! Richard ! Richard drop down to help Alice as she struggle up , dizzily find she foot to stand . richard honey , be you alright --? alice you get my message . she hug Richard tightly . richard I have no idea where you be . I look all over Paris , but , I couldn't find -- ( now hearing ) what message ? alice you go all the way to Paris ? richard a week 's a awfully long time . meg long in France . clerk excusez moi , Mademoiselle Scott ? emma hey , francois ! how be you --? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 105 . continued : ( 2 ) clerk ( utterly confuse ) you - -? you still need security ? Alice and meg 's head swing in the clerk 's direction . clerk ( cont 'd ) you be still rob ? alice no ! ( dial it down ) a misunderstanding . we be fine . she 's fine . ( to emma ) you be fine , right ? emma Super fine . alice Richard , we have get to -- ( sigh , in love ) I can not believe you be here --! meg but , we have get a little situation -- emma ( grab Alice 's arm ) it will just take a minute ! we will have she right back ! meg do not worry about a thing ! richard ( hold up newspaper ) like this ? alice ( kiss richard ) I will explain everything ! I promise ! they take off for the elevator . emma Boy ! do he love you . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 10 6. continued : ( 3 ) alice ( gleeful ) do you see he fix my suitcase ? ext . HOTEL do paris - hallway - day nikolai ring the doorbell . cordelia ( o.s. ) oh , thank god ! cordelia open the door to nikolai , who hold out the room key and flower with a smile as she brow come together . nikolai lechu k tebe to krylyah lyubvi . cordelia Security ? they look at each other in confusion , nikolai 's smile fade , cordelia with mount alarm . she slam the door in he face . at the end of the hall , the elevator door open for Alice , Emma and meg , as nikolai remove the necklace from he pocket and reach to ring the suite 's bell again . emma niki ! alice the necklace ! meg do not touch that bell ! they race down the hall towards nikolai , who gape , perplex by the sight of Emma . emma oh , niki ! I know it ! I know it ! I believe in you the whole time ! int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day cordelia hide behind the drape with the hotel phone . cordelia yes ! Police ! this be cordelia winthrop Scott . ( more ) ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 107 . continued : cordelia ( cont 'd ) in the grimaldi suite at the Hotel de Paris . you must come straight away . I have be rob ! and now some horrible , foreign man - -! I believe someone be try to kill I ! int . HOTEL do paris - hallway - day Emma kiss nikolai as she push he onto the elevator . emma wait for I in the lobby , sweetie . down in half a second -- nikolai ya tebya lyublyu . emma I know . I , too . the door close and Emma sprint back down the hall to Alice and meg at the door . emma ( cont 'd ) okay ! do it ! Alice ring the bell . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day cordelia approach the door cautiously and spy through the peep hole at the back of meg 's head . cordelia yes ? who be it ? meg ( voice drop low ) Security , Madame . cordelia finally --! she open the door . a beat where cordelia focus on Alice and meg first , possibly remember they , then she register Emma . she blink , completely nonpluss . alice we can explain . monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 108. int . HOTEL do paris - lobby - day the elevator door open and nikolai step off just as the revolve door begin to spin , spitting uniform police officer and they captain into the lobby . the clerk look up and hustle around the desk to meet they . clerk pardon ? be there a problem --? police captain we receive a report of a attempt murder in the grimaldi suite . cordelia Scott -- Richard , sit nearby , look up at the mention of cordelia 's name , at the same time that nikolai take a seat at the far end of the same sofa . clerk no. no . it be robbery . but , Mademoiselle Scott say it be not . Jean - Pierre , check list at the ballroom 's entrance , note the commotion and cordelia 's name , join the group . jean -pierre Excuse I . what 's --? Mademoiselle Scott have be rob ? clerk no . she say , not . police captain she say someone be try to kill she ! we be go up ! Richard seem to debate get involved as the police , the clerk and Jean - Pierre head for the elevator . look over , he notice nikolai , who smile and nod . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day cordelia you can save you " sorry " for the police -- emma the police --? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 109 . continued : cordelia you rob I ! alice but , the necklace be right here --! cordelia you steal from I --! emma only borrowed -- meg we have not take anything -- emma and , we dry-clean the dress -- meg and Alice wince , look dagger at Emma . cordelia ( icy disgust ) you wear my clothes ? emma well ... for the child . cordelia wha - -? what child ? meg in Africa . alice ( impatient ) this whole thing be for charity . you necklace be for the auction . cordelia well , there will certainly be no auction now -- emma but , that 's not fair ! it 's not the children' fault -- alice look , you be not here . everyone think she be you -- ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 110 continued : ( 2 ) cordelia ( incredulous laugh ) think she be I ? who could possibly believe --? alice they all do . cordelia look at Alice a beat as this land with she . meg ( drive it home ) every one of they . cordelia but , look at you ! Emma take a step towards she doppelganger , face off . emma well , look at you ! alice emma -- cordelia ( dripping contempt ) common country cow play dress up . pretend to be something you be not . try to be something that not one of you could ever hope to be -- emma you mean miserable ? cordelia blink . emma ( cont 'd ) or a petty , spoiled , selfish -- cordelia ( reel back ) you --! emma bitch ! cordelia slap Emma across the face . Alice and meg gasp and they all stand a beat in shock . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 111. continued : ( 3 ) Emma raise a hand to cup she cheek as Alice and meg turn slowly to cordelia , they face set like warrior mask . int . HOTEL do paris - hallway ding ! the elevator door open and the police spill out , follow by the clerk and jean-pierre . they hear a scream ! and break into a run . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day Alice shove cordelia roughly into a chair , thrust she back down as she try to struggle up , point at Emma . alice you apologize to she right now ! cordelia apologize --?! alice you know , I feel sorry for you -- meg I do not . cordelia scoff and Alice lean over she , menace . alice because no matter where you go , no matter where you jet to in this world , you be still go to be you . ( point to Emma ) and , let I tell you ; she be who you want to be ! the all freeze when a banging erupt at the door . police captain ( o.s. ) Mademoiselle Scott ? it be the police ! open up ! Alice clap a hand over cordelia 's mouth , look to meg. emma ( mouth the word ) the police ? 0 monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 112. int . HOTEL do paris - hallway - day the police captain pound on the door again , motion for the clerk to use he pass key . police captain Mademoiselle ? open this door ! alice ( o.s. ) come ! just a moment , please ! the captain grab the key from the clerk and turn the handle , just as Alice coolly open the door from within . alice ( cont 'd ) bon jour . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - day the police enter , follow by Jean - Pierre and the clerk . alice ( feigned surprise ) cordelia , it 's the police . Emma turn she head from the mirror she face . emma oh , no ! this be go to be so embarrassing . please tell I you do not run all the way over here just for I . police captain you say there be someone try to kill you -- clerk it be a robbery , but , no . jean -pierre Alice , what 's go on ? alice a terrible misunderstanding . you see , she could not find she necklace . jean -pierre ( panicked ) but , you have it ? be ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 113. continued : Emma turn , hold the necklace up to she throat . emma yes , but , Jean - Pierre , would you be a dear and help I ? I can not seem to manage the clasp . Jean - Pierre sense something amiss , but step to assist Emma . police captain we hear a scream -- alice when she find it -- emma just now -- alice she be so happy -- emma relieved ! I scream with delight . police captain and there be no one that want to kill you ? emma ( lightly joking ) well , I can not speak to that . police captain you say on the phone -- alice she say she would die . if she do not find it -- emma the necklace ! alice yes ! Alice turn she brightest smile to the captain . police captain and this be the necklace ? for the auction ? ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 114 . continued : ( 2 ) jean -pierre ( checking ) it be . he look back and forth between Alice and Emma . jean - pierre ( cont 'd ) very lucky . emma extremely ! think of all the school we will build ! ( to charm captain ) do you like it ? police captain ( fall for it ) allow I to escort you , Mademoiselle . as a precaution . Emma , spot one officer poke he way toward the bedroom . emma ( seize captain 's arm ) oh , but , yes ! would you ? what a entrance I will make ! so dramatic ! Alice , be you come , dear ? Jean - Pierre take Alice 's elbow as Emma lead the captain and the rest of the group from the suite . alice let I just grab my purse . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - bedroom - day Alice open the door as narrowly as possible . alice you okay in here ? meg sit on top of cordelia who be tie to a chair with a scarf , the fruit - basket apple jamme in she mouth . meg we be great . but , now you can add kidnapping -- alice ( re : cordelia ) well , do not tell she that . throw I a purse . monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 115 . int . HOTEL do paris - lobby - day ding ! Richard and nikolai both look up as the elevator door open and Emma emerge lead by the police captain . nikolai leap up . nikolai moy angelochek ? Richard jump up when he see Jean - Pierre escort a anxious Alice from the rear of the battalion . richard Alice ? Alice wince as she see Richard approach , at the same time nikolai rush to Emma . emma niki , I be sorry . it 's just go to another minute . nikolai ya sdelayu vsyo , chto smogoo - - emma perfect ! that sound good . Emma be lead to the ballroom by the captain as Richard meet Alice and Jean - Pierre in the center of the lobby . alice ( quick , preemptive ) Richard , this be Jean - Pierre , Jean - Pierre this be Richard , my fiance -- richard jean - pierre ( blink ) ( blink ) fiance ? fiance ? Jean - Pierre offer he hand to shake , smile knowingly . jean -pierre ahh ... a pleasure to meet you . you have come for the auction --? alice yes ! he come all this way ! Richard tighten he grip on Jean - Pierre 's hand . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 116 . continued : richard Alice ? who be this guy --? Alice break Richard 's vice grip with a bright smile . alice I tell you , that 's Jean -pierre ! ( to jean - pierre ) he 's exhaust ! it 's such a long trip ! Richard flick he eye narrowly at jean-pierre . jean -pierre ( deflect ) I believe we be ready to start . shall we go in ? Alice loop a arm through Richard 's to follow Jean - Pierre , but jerk to a stop when Richard do not budge . richard be there something I need to know ? Alice look at Richard , read he face , and smile . alice no . there 's be not . she lead Richard through the ballroom entrance only to be stop by a attendant . attendant pardon , monsieur , invitation --? alice he 's with I ! as Alice pull Richard through to the ballroom , nikolai step to the reception table behind they , produce a elaborate invitation from inside he jacket . attendant oh! monsieur ludovic ! welcome ! as nikolai be ushere into the auction with great fanfare , the lobby 's revolve door turn and Bernard enter , carry meg 's bottle of wine . 0 monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 117 . 0 int . HOTEL do paris - suite - bedroom - day meg , hold the apple , sit face cordelia , still tie to a chair , the two glaring at each other . cordelia you will never get away with this . my father -- meg believe I , nothing would make I happier than have a little talk with you father -- both they head swing toward the door when the bell ring ! meg jump to cordelia , stuff the apple in she mouth just as she open it to scream . int . HOTEL do paris - hallway - day Bernard look up when meg open the door a crack . meg Bernard ...? he hold out the bottle of wine . bernard we forget you prize . meg oh , I ... she glance back into the room behind she , carefully obscure Bernard 's view through the half open door . bernard I have come at a bad time ? meg no. no , Bernard , that 's not it . int . HOTEL do paris - suite - bedroom - day cordelia kick she leg against the floor , strain against the scarf as she try to overturn the chair . int . HOTEL do paris - hallway - day meg I would invite you in , but -- ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 118. continued : thump ! they both hear cordelia 's chair hit the floor inside and Bernard darken . bernard I think -- . you be busy . I think now I go -- meg reach out to stay he with a hand on he arm . meg no. Bernard , wait -- click ! meg and Bernard both turn they head to look down the corridor when cordelia stick she head out the bedroom door into the hall . a beat as cordelia and meg lock eye . ding ! the elevator door open at the end of the hall , closer to cordelia . she look back at meg for a instant then bolt as meg leap past Bernard into the hall . meg ( cont 'd ) hey ! stop ! int . HOTEL do paris - ballroom - day Emma model cordelia 's necklace on a stage for over a hundred guest with Domenico field bid beside she . domenico the bid be three hundred thousand ! Alice stand just off to the side on the floor below , between Richard and Jean - Pierre , with penelope . richard so , they all think she 's this cordelia Scott because ... alice it 's for a school , Richard -- richard in Africa . nikolai ( heavily accented ) five hundred ! ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 119 . continued : all the head in the room turn with a excited murmur as nikolai step to the front of the assembly . domenico five hundred thousand ! alice oh , no ... jean -pierre yes ! emma ( to herself ) no . nikolai smile up at Emma as another guest raise a Champagne glass in bid . domenico five hundred , five hundred fifty thousand ! int . HOTEL do paris - service stair - day Bernard race to catch up as meg fly down the stair . bernard but , meg ! why do we run ? meg stop on a landing , turn . meg Bernard , you should stop . you really do not need this . I may be go away for a long time -- bernard to America ? meg something like that . look , this be where we should say " au revoir . " Bernard smile and pull meg to he , kiss she . bernard but , I must see how this end ! 0 he grab she hand and they plunge down the stair together . monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 120 . int . HOTEL do paris - ballroom - day nikolai eight hundred ! the crowd applaud happily . emma niki . what be you do ? nikolai vsyo , chto ya de-la- yu , lish dlya . emma well , do not . just stop , okay ? jean -pierre ( alarm ) why be she stop he ? alice ( miserable ) he do not have any money . he 's just a busboy , but they be in love - jean -pierre that 's nikolai ludovic -- alice he mean no harm -- jean -pierre Alice . lithuania ? alice yes ? jean -pierre he own it . Alice blink . domenico the bid stand at eight hundred thousand euros -- emma no ! no. lady and gentleman , I be terribly sorry , but , there 's .. ( to nikolai ) honey , you can not bid on this , okay ? ( more ) ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 12 1. continued : emma ( cont 'd ) put you hand down , and I will be do in a second . then we can go . jean -pierre mon dieu ! alice Emma ! Jean - Pierre react to Alice 's " Emma ! " as she break away . richard Alice --! she climb the stage to Emma before the baffle audience . emma Alice , he do not understand . it 's like a foreign language to he -- alice actually , it 's not . let he bid . emma but , he will get in trouble -- alice he 's fine . let 's just get this thing do -- nikolai one million ! emma nikolai ! you cannot bid against yourself ! domenico one million euros ! emma no ! stop ! stop ! I be sorry . I can not ... I can not allow this sweet , wonderful man to buy this necklace , because ... ( find the courage ) it be not mine to sell . cordelia no . it be mine .. ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 122. continued : ( 2 ) the crowd gasp , step back to reveal cordelia in the center of the ballroom , back by all the police , just as meg .and Bernard enter , skid short when they see the crowd . meg oh , shhhh -- emma merde . Richard , Jean - Pierre , penelope , and Domenico all swing between the two " cordelias , " as meg make she way forward with Bernard . cordelia arrest that woman ! they be imposter ! a wave of comment sweep the confuse crowd . penelope wait ! penelope step up onto the platform , shield Emma and Alice as the police come forward and meg climb up . penelope ( cont 'd ) this be not imposter ! this be my friend ! cordelia penelope pignose ?! penelope and , you be never anyone 's friend . Alice take in the escalate situation , step bravely forward to the front of the stage . alice it 's true ! a ripple of exclamation sweep the dumbfounded crowd . alice ( cont 'd ) we be not who we say we be . we be ... we be only high school teacher . from racine , Wisconsin . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 123. continued : ( 3 ) corbel ia ( turn to captain ) there ! you see ? alice we would never be anywhere . and we take a trip , that do not belong to we ... because , well , because you think we be ... important . and that she be cordelia ... Richard smile at Alice , support she with he gaze . alice ( cont 'd ) we want to help . meg ( to bernard ) we never mean to mislead anyone -- emma ( to nikolai ) or hurt anyone -- alice we be very sorry . and , we be willing to face the consequence , whatever they be ... but ... she turn to meg and Emma as a smile blossom . alice ( cont 'd ) but , this be we adventure . meg and it be a excellent one . alice we would not change a minute of it . emma not for anything in the world . Richard take the pulse of the frighteningly still crowd , the , hesitate police , the charge air in the room . richard one million five hundred thousand ! the crowd gasp and Alice gape at Richard . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 124 continued : ( 4 ) richard ( cont 'd ) why not go big ? penelope one million six hundred thousand ! emma penny , you do not have to ... penelope Friends . right ? domenico excellent ! we have a bid for one million six hundred thousand ! cordelia whirl to the police captain amidst applause . cordelia why be you just stand there ?! arrest they ! police captain arrest they ? for what ? they seem very nice . 0 domenico one million six hundred thousand ! do I have another bid ? cordelia they confess ! they be imposter ! they steal my necklace ! police captain that necklace ? but , it be here , no ? cordelia they kidnap I ! police captain and yet you be here . I see no problem . everyone be very happy -- cordelia Excuse I , but , I be not happy ! police captain ah , but , this ... ( gallic shrug ) I can do nothing about . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 125 continued : ( 5 ) nikolai Three million ! the crowd erupt , giddy , they applause escalate . domenico Three million euros ! emma nikolai ! no ... alice Emma . it 's okay . emma how ? how can it be okay ? alice he 's rich . jean -pierre ( leaping in ) sold ! to monsieur nikolai ludovic ! for three million euros ! the crowd cheer , overwhelming a forget cordelia as it rush forward to hoist nikolai up on the stage . at the same time , Alice break through the throng to jump down and wrap she arm around Richard . alice Richard ... richard alice -- alice take I home ? richard anywhere you want , Alice . we will go anywhere you want . they kiss as meg find Bernard who shake he head with a broad smile , hold out the bottle of wine . meg oh , good . I could use a drink . bernard first prize . to the champion . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 12 6. continued : ( 6 ) nikolai take Emma 's hand in he up on stage . emma ( scared , shaky ) niki ? what 's go on ? nikolai ya das - to - nu to - be zvyoz- dee . Emma nod , without any real understanding , as he indicate the necklace . nikolai ( cont 'd ) be my gift . for you . Emma 's eye slowly come into focus as it all become clear - and she faint . ext . HOTEL do paris - day together , Alice , meg and Emma offer a envelope fat with euros to jean-pierre . they stand , with Richard , Bernard , nikolai , penelope and Domenico , beside a wait sedan at the base of the hotel 's step where the trio of paparazzi shoot away . alice this be for we room . and the trip down . meg the rest be for the school . Jean - Pierre hesitates in accept the envelope , but Alice press it on he . alice please . jean -pierre you be all extraordinary woman . ( to richard ) I wish you much happiness . richard ( shaking hand ) thank you . meg turn to Bernard , hold up the bottle of wine , as Richard place Alice 's suitcase in the trunk with they shopping bag . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 127. continued : meg you come to Wisconsin , we will drink this in my kitchen . bernard yes . they embrace and meg turn with Alice to Emma who stand arm in arm with nikolai . alice now , Emma , you be sure about this ? emma I will call you both as soon as I know . they may have to get a sub at school for a couple of week , but , oh , you guy , I swear it sound like a proposal ! Alice and meg turn to nikolai who grin and nod away . nikolai yes ! yes ! 0 ext . HOTEL do paris - front drive - moment later Jean - Pierre close the car 's door with Alice , meg and Richard inside , step back to join Emma , nikolai , Bernard , penelope and Domenico , who watch as the car pull out . together , they wave they friend away . Jean - Pierre shake hand with nikolai and kiss Emma , tip he head in farewell to Bernard , then enter the hotel with penelope and Domenico . Emma and nikolai shake hand with Bernard , then turn and head for the marina , trail by one of the paparazzi while the other two pause to reload they camera . as Bernard hop on he mope to zip away , the revolve door turn and cordelia step out , talk on she cellphone , follow by a train of bellhop and luggage . cordelia yes , daddy ! it be a huge success -- she stop suddenly , as if strike , and she expression of perpetual anger melt away as she listen , blink . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 12 8. continued : cordelia ( cont 'd ) ( deeply move ) thank you ? you be , you be welcome . one of the paparazzi raise he camera to take she picture , but another place he hand over the lens . paparazzi that 's not she . that 's the other one . int . nice airport - terminal gate - day Alice sit between Richard and meg at the departure gate , each lose in they own thought as traveler pass to and for . a long beat . a small smile find its way onto Alice 's face and she gently lower she head to rest it on Richard 's shoulder . Richard find Alice 's hand and squeeze it in he own . int . nice airport - jetway - day meg walk down the jetway in she skinny jeans , a bounce in she step , shopping bag in one hand , the bottle of wine grip in the other , as though head for a party . behind she , Alice carry she shopping bag and Richard tote Alice 's suitcase . alice ( v.0 . ) " I use to wander aimlessly , / wanton my goal , grievous my plight . / you dear hand lead I , guide I . " Alice encircle Richard 's waist as they walk , and he sling a arm around she shoulder , kiss she hair . fade out . fade in : ext . zambia , africa - day under a beat sun , Emma , dress in immaculate white linen , hold hand with nikolai as a mob of laughing child and they teachers greet they outside a new marchand Foundation schoolhouse . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 129 . continued : alice ( v.0 . ) " over the far horizon , night / glow with the pallid hope of dawn . / you eye ' glance be my morning light . " a young girl present a length of brightly woven fabric , drape it over Emma 's shoulder as Emma pick the girl up and the other child lead Emma and nikolai inside . int . high school classroom - day a bulletin board in meg 's classroom be cover in African fabric , photograph and letter , all under a banner that read : food drive for we sister School - Zambia . the two student who have cook they pot holder sort can goods beneath the board , while meg cook , surround by the rest of she CLASS . alice ( v.0 . ) " no sound - save he own tread upon / the ground - to ease the wanderer 's heart . / you voice encourage I : ' go on ! " ' 0 a student carefully scoops spice with a measure spoon , hold it out for meg to add to she pan . she ignore the spoon , instead reach to pinch some spice with she finger and encourage the student who follow she example . int . high school classroom - day Alice move freely around the center of the circle of desk she student have form , recite by memory . alice " yes , my heart - dark , cow , set apart , / alone - bewail its dire distress . / sweet love , with its all - conquer art . " the entire classroom hang on she every word . alice ( cont 'd ) " join we as one in joyousness . " a beat as she and she class float on the last phrase of Paul verlaine 's poem . ( continued ) monte Carlo draft 3 - November 4 , 2007 13 0. continued : amber 0 ( halting french ) Mademoiselle perry , what be it really like ? Alice refocus to smile at amber and survey all the face of she student for a beat . alice everyone should go . at least once in they life . ( pause ) there 's a whole world for you to see . fade out . finish