please read this bit before reading the screenplay : this be the official ' unoffical ' monty python and the Holy grail screenplay . this file contain the script as it be on March 20 1974 , before filming take place . there be many minor difference from what appear here and what end up on the screen . < i.e . a paraphrase word or two or another character use a line ... but generally in minor line like ' look !'> this file also contain cut scene and line from the film . I try to preserve as much of the screenplay as possible but it be not easy to cross out a section and pencil in new dialogue , in ascii . any scene or dialogue that be cross out begin with a " | " before it . anything pencile in have a " + " , I also put cut information before pencile in . what be interesting about a screenplay be to see what they throw out and what " catch phrase " be literally pencile in . the reason I key in this file be cause by I downloading current transcript go around internet . it be a amazing job ... I would not want to have attempt what he do ... but it be not in a good script format and I do not like how direction be write in . since I have the real screenplay I think ... what the hell ! after this I plan to key in " monty python 's second Film " it be the 1st draft of the Holy grail . it be the script that eventually get canabalize into sketches for the 4th season of python . it be sill quite different and well worth a read . be anybody interested in it ????? oh yes ... I will stress this fact once more ... this be a screenplay ... so do not yell at I if a line be paraphrase in the film ... this be what be write before filming take place and it be still quite accurate . enough of this ... - grue ( 09 - aug-92 ) p.s. to ahh : don't you know who connie booth or carol cleveland be ?!?!?! and don't you know what graham chapman sound like ?!?!?! sorry I just have to say that ... as the complete and total bastard that I be . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- monty python and the holy grail screenplay by JOHN cleese graham chapman terry gilliam eric idle terry jone michael palin final draft 20.3.74 . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- " monty python and the holy grail " reel 1 ( 1a ) page 1 00.01 be the first action frame which be 391.00 before the first clear cut , which be scene 4 sc Spot no. complete dialogue no. start end ftge . ------------------------- -------------------------- 1 fade in : start 00.01 title on black b.g. python ( monty ) picture lot in association with michael white present fade out : fade in : music start monty python and the holy grail then : m0nti pyth0n ik de h0lie gralen fade out : fade in : written and preform by : graham chapman JOHN cleese eric idle terry gilliam terry jone michael palin then : r0tern nik akten Di fade out : fade in : with connie booth carol cleveland neil innes bee duffell JOHN young rita dave then : wik title out : title in : also appear avril stewart sally kinghorn then : als0 wik fade out : fade in : also also appear MARK zycoon elspeth cameron mitsuko forstater sally johnson sandy rose romilly squie joni flnn alison WALKER loraine ward anna lanski sally coombe vivienne macdonald yvonne dick daphne darling fiona gordon gloria graham judy lam tracy sneddon sylvia taylor joyce pollner mary allen then : als0 als0 wik title out : title in : camera Operator howard atherton camera focus JOHN wellard camera Assistant roger pratt camera grip ray hall chargehand electrician terry hunt lighting telefilm lighting service lot andrew richie and son lot technicolor rosturm cameraman kent houston then : wi n0t trei a h0liday in Sweden thi yer ? title out : title in : sound recordist garth marshall sound mixer hugh strain boom swinger godfrey kirby sound maintenance philip chubb sound Assistant ROBERT doyle dubbing editor JOHN foster Assistant editor JOHN mister , nick gaster , alexander campbell askew , brian peachey , danielle kochavi sound Effects ian crafford then : see the l0veli lake title out : title in : Continuity penny eyle accountant brian brockwell production Secretary christine watt property buyer brian winterborn property master tom raeburn property Men roy cannon , charlie torbett , mike kennedy cater ron hellard lot vehicle budget rent-a-car then : the w0nderful teleph0ne system title out : title in : Assistant Art director philip cowlam construction manager bill harman carpenter nobby clark , bob devine painter graham bullock stagehand jim n. savery rigger ed sullivan then : and mani interesting furry animal title in : title out : with special extra thanks to Charlie knode , Brian mcnully , John gledhill , Peter Thompson , Sue cable , Valerie charlton , Drew mara , Sue Smith , Charlie coulter , iain monaghan , Steve bennell , Bernard belenger , alpini mcalpine , Hugh boyle , Dave Taylor , garry Cooper , Peter saunder , less sheppard , Vaughn millard , mamish macinne , Terry mosaic , bawn o'beirne ranelagh . make entirely on location in Scotland at doune Castle , Castle stalker , killin , Glen coe , arnhall Castle , braklim fall , sherroffmiur . by python ( monty ) picture Ltd. , 20 , fitzroy Square , London w1 England . and complete at twickenham Film studios , England . copyright ( c ) 1974 National Film trustee company Lt. all rights reserved . then : the producer would like to thank the forestry Commission doune admission Ltd , keir and cawdor estate , Stirling University , and the people of doune for they help in the make of this film . the character and incident portray and the name use be fictitious and any similarity to the name , character , or history of any person be entirely accidental and unintentional . sign richard M. nixon include the majestic m00se title in : title out : song neil innis additional music dewolfe then : a m00se once bit my sister ... title in : title out : costume designer hazel pething then : no realli ! she be karving she inital on the m00se with the sharpen end of a interspace t00 thbrush give by svenge - she brother - in - law - a Oslo dentist and star of many norwegian muvy : " the h0t hand of a Oslo dentist " , " filling of Passion " , " the huge mular of horst nordfink " . title out : title in : we apologise for the fault in the subtitles . that responsible have be sack . then : mynd you , m00se bite kan be pretty nasti ... title out : title in : we apologise again for the fault in the subtitles . that responsible for sacking the people who have just be sack have be sack . fade out : fade in : production manager jullian doyle Assistant director gerry harrison special Effects JOHN horton choreography fight director & period consultant JOHN WALKER make -up artist pearl rashbass , pam luke photography jullian doyle animation Assistance lucinda cowell , kate hepburn m00se train by tutte hermsgerv0rdenbr0tb0rda dissolve to : lighting cameraman terry bedford special m00se Effects olaf prot m00se costume siggi churchill dissolve to : designer roy smith m00se choreograph by horst prot III miss Taylor 's mu0se by hengst douglas -home m00se train to mix concrete and sign com - plicate insurance form by jurgen wigg dissolve to : editor JOHN hackney mu0se ' nose wipe by bjorn irkestorm-slater WALKER large m00se on the leave half side of the screen in the third scene from the end , give a thorough ground in Latin , french and " o " level geography by bo benn suggestive pose for the m00se suggest by VIC rotter antler - care by liv thatcher title out : title in : the director of the firm hire to continue the credit after the other people have be sack , with it to be know that they have just be sack . the credit have be complete in a entirely different style at great expense and at the last minute . fade out : title on yellow b.g executive producer JOHN goldstone & " ralph " the wonder llama title out : title in : producer MARK forstarter assisted by earl J. llama mike q. llama III sy llama merle Z. llama ix title out : title in : directed by 40 specially trained ecuadorian mountain llama 6 venezuelan red llama 142 mexican whooping llama 14 NORTH chilean guanacos ( closely related to the llama ) reg llama of brixton 76000 battery llama from " llama - fresh " farm lot . near paraguay and terry gilliam and terry jone fade out : ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- " monty python and the Holy grail " ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 1 exterior - castle wall - day mist . several second of it swirl about . silence possibly , atmospheric music . superimpose " England ad 787 " . after a few more second we hear hoofbeat in the distance . they come slowly closer . then out of the mist come king arthur follow by a servant who be bang two half coconut together . arthur raise he hand . arthur whoa there ! servant make noise of horse halting , with a flourish . arthur peer through the mist . CUT to shot from over he shoulder : castle ( e.g. bodium ) rise out of the mist . on the castle battlement a soldier be dimly see . he peer down . soldier halt ! who go there ? arthur it be I , Arthur , son of uther pendragon , from the castle of camelot . King of all briton , defeator of the saxon , sovereign of all England ! pause . soldier get away ! arthur I be ... and this my trusty servant , patsy . we have ride the length and breadth of the land in search of knight who will join we court at camelot .. I must speak with you lord and master . soldier what ? ridden on a horse ? arthur yes ! soldier you be use coconut ! arthur ... what ? soldier you have get two empty halve of coconut and you be bang they together . arthur ( scornfully ) so ? we have ride since the snow of winter cover this land , through the kingdom of mercea . soldier where do you get the coconut ? arthur through ... we find they . soldier found they ? in mercea . the coconut 's tropical ! arthur what do you mean ? soldier well , this be a temperate zone . arthur the swallow may fly south with the sun , or the house martin or the plover seek warmer hot land in winter , yet this be not stranger to we land . soldier be you suggest coconut migrate ? arthur not at all . they could be carry . soldier what ? a swallow carry a coconut ? | arthur | why not ? | | soldier | I will tell you why not ... because a swallow be about eight | inch long and weigh five ounce , and you would be lucky | to find a coconut under a pound . | arthur it could grip it by the husk ... soldier it 's not a question of where he grip it , it 's a simple matter of weight - ratios ... a five - ounce bird could not hold a a one pound coconut . arthur well , it do not matter . go and tell you master that Arthur from the Court of camelot be here . a slight pause . swirl mist . silence . soldier look ! to maintain velocity , a swallow need to beat its wing four hundred and ninety three time every second . right ? arthur ( irritate ) please ! soldier be I right ? arthur I be not interested . second soldier ( who have loom up on the battlement ) it could be carry by a African swallow ! first soldier oh yes ! a African swallow maybe ... but not a european swallow . that 's my point . second soldier oh yes , I agree there ... arthur ( lose patience ) will you ask you master if he want to join the Knights of camelot ?! first soldier but then of course African swallow be non-migratory . second soldier oh yes . arthur raise he eye heavenward and nod to patsy . they turn and go off into the mist . first soldier so they would not be able to bring a coconut back anyway . second soldier wait a minute ! suppose two swallow carry it together ? first soldier no , they would have to have it on a line . stillness . silence again . 2 animation / live action sequence - death and devastation CUT to Terry gilliam 's sequence of brueghel print . sound of strange medieval music . discordant and sparse . wailing and groaning . the last picture mix through into live action . big close up of contort face upside down . a leg fall across it . creaking noise . the body lurch away from camera to reveal they be amongst a huge pile of body on a sway cart that be lumber away from camera . it be pull by a couple of rag , dirty emaciate wretch . behind the cart walk another man who look slightly more prosperous , but only on the scale of complete and utter impoverishment . he wear a black hood and look sinister . cart driver bring out you dead ! we follow the cart through a wretch , impoverish plague - ride village . a few starve mongrel run about in the mud scavenge . in the open doorway of one house perhaps we jug glimpse a pair of leg dangle from the ceiling . in another doorway a old woman be beat a cat against a wall rather like one do with a mat . the cart pass round a dead donkey or cow in the mud . and a man tie to a cart be be hammer to death by four nun with huge mallet . cart driver bring out you dead ! there be leg stick out of window and door . two men be fight in the mud - cover from head to foot in it . another man be on he hand in knee shovel mud into he mouth . we just catch sight of a man fall into a well . cart driver bring out you dead ! large man here 's one ! cart driver ninepence . body I be not dead ! cart driver what ? large man nothing ... there 's you ninepence . body I be not dead ! cart driver ' ere . he say he 's not dead . large man yes he be . body I be not ! cart driver he be not . large man he will be soon . he 's very ill . body I be get better ! large man you be not . you will be stone dead in a few minute . cart driver I can not take he like this . it 's against regulation . body I do not want to go on the cart . large man do not be such a baby . cart driver I can not take he . body I feel fine . large man do I a favour . cart driver I can not . large man well , can you hang around a couple of minute . he will not be long . cart driver I promise I would be at the Robinson 's . they have lose nine today . large man when 's you next round ? cart driver Thursday . body I think I will go for a walk . large man you be not fool anyone you know . ( to cart driver ) be not there anything you could do ? body ( sing unrecognisably ) I feel happy ... I feel happy . the cart driver look at the large man for a moment . then they both do a quick furtive look up and down the street . the cart driver very swiftly bring up a club and hit the old man . ( out of shot but the sing stop after a loud bonk noise . ) large man ( hand over the money at last ) thanks very much . cart driver that 's all right . see you on Thursday . they turn ... suddenly all the village fall to they knee , touch forelock etc . arthur and patsy ride into shot , slightly nose to the air , they ride through without acknowledge anybody . after they pass , the large man turn to the cart driver . large man who 's that then ? cart driver ( grudgingly ) I dunno , must be a king . large man why ? cart driver he have not get shit all over he . 3 exterior - day arthur and patsy riding . they stop and look . we see a castle in the distance , and before it a peasant be work away on he knee try to dig up the earth with he bare hand and a twig . arthur and patsy ride up , and stop before the peasant arthur Old woman ! dennis man ! arthur man . I be sorry . Old man , what knight live in that castle over there ? dennis I be thirty - seven . arthur what ? dennis : I be thirty - seven ... I be not old . arthur : well - I can not just say : " hey , man ! ' dennis well you could say : " Dennis " arthur I do not know you be call Dennis . dennis you do not bother to find out , do you ? arthur I have say I be sorry about the old woman , but from the behind you look ... dennis what I object to be that you automatically treat I like a inferior ... arthur well ... I am king . dennis oh , very nice . King , eh ! I expect you have get a palace and fine clothes and courtier and plenty of food . and how d' you get that ? by exploit the worker ! by hang on to outdated imperialist dogma which perpetuate the social and economic difference in we society ! if there 's ever go to be any progress ... a old woman appear . old woman Dennis ! there 's some lovely filth down here ... oh ! how d' you do ? arthur how d' you do , good lady ... I be Arthur , King of the briton ... can you tell I who life in that castle ? old woman King of the who ? arthur the briton . old woman who be the briton ? arthur all of we be ... we be all briton . dennis wink at the old woman . ... and I be you king .... old woman ooooh ! I do not know we have a king . I think we be a autonomous collective ... dennis you be fool yourself . we be live in a dictatorship , a self - perpetuate autocracy in which the work class ... old woman there you be , bring class into it again ... dennis that 's what it 's all about ... if only - arthur please , please good people . I be in haste . what knight life in that castle ? old woman no one live there . arthur well , who be you lord ? old woman we do not have a lord . arthur what ? dennis I tell you , we be a anarcho-syndicalist commune , we take it in turn to act as a sort of executive officer for the week . arthur yes . dennis ... but all the decision of that officer ... arthur yes , I see . dennis ... must be approve at a bi-weekly meeting by a simple majority in the case of purely internal affair . arthur be quiet ! dennis ... but a two -third majority ... arthur be quiet ! I order you to shut up . old woman order , eh -- who do he think he be ? arthur I be you king ! old woman well , I do not vote for you . arthur you do not vote for king . old woman well , how do you become king , then ? arthur the Lady of the Lake , she arm clad in the purest shimmer samite , hold excalibur aloft from the bosom of the water to signify by Divine Providence ... that I , Arthur , be to carry excalibur ... that be why I be you king ! | | old woman | be Frank in ? he would be able to deal with this one . | dennis look , strange woman lie on they back in pond hand out sword ... that 's no basis for a system of government . Supreme executive power derive from a mandate from the mass , not from some farcical aquatic ceremony . arthur be quiet ! dennis you can not expect to wield supreme executive power just ' cause some watery tart throw a sword at you ! arthur shut up ! dennis I mean , if I go around say I be a Emperor because some moisten bint have lob a scimitar at I , people would put I away ! arthur ( grabbing he by the collar ) shut up , will you . shut up ! dennis ah ! now ... we see the violence inherent in the system . arthur shut up ! people ( i.e. other peasant ) be appear and watch . dennis ( call ) come and see the violence inherent in the system . help , help , I be be repress ! arthur ( aware that people be now come out and watch ) bloody peasant ! ( push dennis over into mud and prepare to ride off ) dennis oh , do you hear that ! what a give -away . arthur come on , patsy . they ride off . dennis ( in the background as we pull out ) do you see he repress I , then ? that 's what I have be on about ... 4 exterior - forest - day mix through to arthur and patsy riding through the forest . they pass rune stone . we track with they . close - ups of they face as they ride . mix to another tracking shot of they riding through the forest . they come to a clear and stop , look ahead intently . they eye light up . sound fx of fight . CUT to they eyeline . a clear on the other side of which be a rough wooden foot - bridge across a stream . at the start of the bridge a tremendous fight be go on . a huge black knight in black armour , he face totally mask in a visor , be fight a slightly smaller knight in green armour . ( perhaps the GREEN knight 's armour be identical to the black knight 's save for the colour . ) CUT back to arthur and patsy . they watch , grow more impressed as they watch the fight . CUT back to the fight . the GREEN knight lunge at the black knight , who avoid the blow with a skillful side - step and parry , knock the sword out of the GREEN knight 's hand . CUT back to arthur and patsy even more impressed . CUT back to the fight . the GREEN knight have draw out a particularly nasty mace or spike ball and chain , much longer than the black knight 's sword . arthur narrow he eye , wonder whether the black knight will survive . CUT back to the fight . the GREEN knight swing at the black knight , who duck under the first swing , leap over the second and start to close on the GREEN knight . CUT back to arthur and patsy watch like a tennis match . sound fx of the fight reach a climax . four almighty clang . then silence . CUT back to see the GREEN knight stretch out . the black knight sheathes he sword . arthur look at patsy . nod and they move forward . CUT back to the black knight pick up the GREEN knight above he head and hurl he into the river . arthur and patsy approach he . arthur you fight with the strength of many man , Sir knight . | black knight | who dare to challenge the Black knight ? | | arthur | I do not challenge you . the black knight stare impassively and say nothing . arthur I be Arthur , King of the briton . hint of a pause as he wait for a reaction which dos not come . arthur be only slightly throw . ... I seek the bravest and the finest knight in all the world to join I in my court at camelot ... the black knight remain silent arthur you have prove yourself worthy . ... will you join I ? silence . | arthur | a man of you strength and skill would be the chief of all | my knight ... | | black knight | never . | arthur you make I sad . but so be it . come patsy . as he move , the black knight bar the way . black knight none shall pass . arthur what ? black knight none shall pass . arthur I have no quarrel with you , brave Sir knight , but I must cross this bridge . black knight then you shall die . arthur I command you , as King of the briton to stand aside . black knight I move for no man . arthur so be it ! arthur draw he sword and approach the black knight . a furious fight now start last about fifteen second at which point arthur deliver a mighty blow which completely sever the black knight 's leave arm at the shoulder . arthur step back triumphantly . arthur now stand aside worthy adversary . black knight ( glancing at he shoulder ) ' tis but a scratch . arthur a scratch ? you arm 's off . black knight no , it be not . arthur ( point to the arm on ground ) well , what 's that then ? black knight I have have worse . arthur you be a liar . black knight come on you pansy ! another ten second furious fight till arthur chop the black knight 's other arm off , also at the shoulder . the arm plus sword , lie on the ground . arthur Victory be mine . ( sink to he knee ) I thank thee o Lord that in thy ... black knight come on then . arthur what ? he kick arthur hard on the side of the helmet . arthur get up still hold he sword . the black knight come after he kick . arthur you be indeed brave Sir knight , but the fight be mine . black knight have enough ? arthur you stupid bastard . you have not get any arm leave . black knight course I have . arthur look ! black knight what ! just a flesh wound . ( kick arthur ) arthur stop that . black knight ( kick he ) have enough ... ? arthur I will have you leg . he be kick . right ! the black knight kick he again and arthur chop he leg off . the black knight keep he balance with difficulty . black knight I will do you for that . arthur you will what ... ? black knight come here . arthur what be you go to do . bleed on I ? black knight I be invincible ! arthur you be a looney . black knight the Black knight always triumph . have at you ! arthur take he last leg off . the black knight 's body land upright . black knight all right , we will call it a draw . arthur come , patsy . arthur and patsy start to cross the bridge . black knight running away eh ? you yellow bastard , come back here and take what 's come to you . I will bite you leg off ! 5 exterior - day a village . sound of chant of Latin canon , punctuate by short , sharp crack . it come nearer . we see it be a line of monk ala seventh seal flagellation scene , chant and bang themselves on the forehead with wooden board . they pass a group of villager who be drag a beautiful young woman dress as a witch through the street . they drag she to a strange house / ruin stand on a hill outside the village . a strange - look knight stand outside , sir bedevere . first villager we have find a witch . May we burn she ? all a witch ! burn she ! bedevere how do you know she be a witch ? all she look like one . yes , she do . bedevere bring she forward . they bring she forward - a beautiful young girl ( miss islington ) dress up as a witch . witch I be not a witch . I be not a witch . bedevere but you be dress as one . witch they dress I up like this . all we do not , we do not ! witch this be not my nose , it be a false one . bedevere take she nose off . bedevere well ? first villager ... well , we do do the nose . bedevere the nose ? first villager and the hat . but she be a witch . all a witch , a witch , burn she ! bedevere do you dress she up like this ? first villager ... um ... yes ... no ... a bit ... yes ... she have get a wart . bedevere why do you think she be a witch ? second villager she turn I into a newt . bedevere a newt ? second villager ( after look at himself for some time ) I get better . all burn she anyway . bedevere quiet ! quiet ! there be way of tell whether she be a witch . arthur and patsy ride up at this point and watch what follow with interest all there be ? tell up . what be they , wise Sir bedevere ? bedevere tell I ... what do you do with witch ? all burn they . bedevere and what do you burn , apart from witch ? FOURTH villager ... Wood ? bedevere so why do witch burn ? second villager ( pianissimo ) ... because they be make of wood ...? bedevere good . peasant stir uneasily then come round to this conclusion . all I see . yes , of course . bedevere so how can we tell if she be make of wood ? first villager make a bridge out of she . bedevere ah ... but can you not also make bridge out of stone ? all ah. yes , of course ... um ... err ... bedevere do wood sink in water ? all no , no , it float . throw she in the pond tie weight on she . to the pond . bedevere wait . wait ... tell I , what also float on water ? all bread ? no , no , no . apple .... gravy ... very small rock ... arthur a duck . they all turn and look at arthur . bedevere look up very impressed . bedevere exactly . so ... logically ... first villager ( beginning to pick up the thread ) if she ... weigh the same as a duck ... she 's make of wood . bedevere and therefore ? all a witch ! ... a duck ! a duck ! fetch a duck . FOURTH villager here be a duck , Sir bedevere . bedevere we shall use my large scale . he lead they a few yard to a very strange contraption indeed , make of wood and rope and leather . they put the girl in one pan and the duck in another . each pan be support by a wooden stave . bedevere check each pan then ... arthur look on with interest . bedevere remove the support . two peasant knock they away with sledge hammer . the girl and the duck swing slightly but balance perfectly . all a witch ! a witch ! witch it 's a fair cop . all burn she ! burn she ! let 's make she into a ladder . the villager drag the girl away , leave arthur and bedevere regard each other admiringly . bedevere who be you who be so wise in the way of science ? arthur I be Arthur , King of the briton . bedevere my liege ... forgive I ... arthur look at patsy with obvious satisfaction . arthur good Sir knight , will you come with I to camelot , and join we number at the round table ? bedevere my liege , I be honore . arthur step forward , draw he sword , with a slight hint of difficulty arthur what be you name ? bedevere bedevere , my liege . arthur then I dub you ... Sir bedevere ... knight of the round table ! |6 various montage - animation | | voice over | and so King Arthur gather he knight together ... bring from all | the corner of the kingdom the strongest and bravest in the land ... | to sit at the round table ... | | under this voice over we have a montage of shot of arthur recruiting | he Knights : | | 1 . arthur , patsy , bedevere and page riding through hillside . | mix to : | | 2 . a castle . long shot of sir gawain stand outside and arthur 's | group approach and shaking hand perhaps . | | 3 . mix to the group now plus sir gawain and page ( who be weight | down by a enormous quantity of luggage ) riding down by a stream | and approach sir hector . arthur dub he . | | 4 . mix to the group ( now plus hector and page ) approach some group | of building or whatever . in the distance sir robin be be teach | the lute by one of he musician . arthur call and sir robin | immediately react and hand the lute to he musician and come to | join arthur & CO . | | 5 . mix to sir galahad surround by chicken . he be wear a carpenter | apron over he immaculate armour and be finish off a hen-house . | we see the group approach and he throw off the apron and put down | the hen-house and go to join they . | | 6 . mix to the group riding along again . | | 7 . mix to sir launcelot hand a baby to he wife ( who have several other | child hang about ) and he stride off to join arthur , leave he | castle , wife and child . the castle ( eilean donan ) have wash | hang outside it . a real family castle . there be at least | six kid . | | 8 . mix to the complete group , i.e. arthur and patsy , bedevere and page , | gawain and page , hector and page , galahad and page , sir robin and | six musician , launcelot and page . + +6 close - up of a book on which be write : + + the book of the film + + voice over + the wise Sir bedevere be the first to join King Arthur 's knight ... + but other illustrious name be soon to follow ... + + Hand turn page . + + voice over + Sir launcelot the brave ... + + Hand turn page . + + voice over + Sir galahad the pure ... + + Hand turn page . + + voice over + and Sir robin-the-not-quite-so-pure-as-sir-launcelot ... + + Hand turn page . + + voice over + ... who have nearly fight the Dragon of agnor ... + + Hand turn page . + + voice over + ... who have nearly stand up to to the vicious Chicken of bristol ... + + Hand turn page . + + voice over + ... and who have personally wet himself at the Battle of badon Hill ... + and the aptly name ... + + Hand turn page . + voice over + Sir not-appear -in-this-film . + + Hand turn page . + + voice over + together they form band whose name and deed be to be retold + throughout the century ... the Knights of the round table ... + + a gorilla 's hand snatch away the hand . + + Music swell and fade and we mix through to : 7 exterior - sunset fairly close head -on shot of the knight riding along . bedevere and arthur at the front of the group deep in conversation . bedevere and that , my lord , be how we know the Earth to be banana-shape . arthur this new learn amaze I , Sir bedevere . explain again how sheep 's bladder may be employ to prevent earthquake . bedevere of course , my liege ... launcelot ( he point ) look , my liege ! they all stop and look . arthur ( with thankful reverence ) camelot ! CUT to shot of amazing castle in the distance . illuminate in the ray of the set sun . Music . CUT back to arthur and the group . they be all stare with fascination . galahad camelot ... launcelot camelot ... gawain ( at the back , to page ) it 's only a model . arthur ( turn sharply ) sh ! ( to the rest ) Knights ! I bid you welcome to you new home ! let we ride ... to camelot . 8 interior - night CUT to interior of medieval hall . a large group of armoure knight be engage in a well choreograph song - and - dance routine of the very up - beat ' if they could see I now ' type of fast bouncy number . the poorer verse be make clearer by cutting to a group of knight actually engage in the describe task while the line itself be sung . they sing : knight we be knight of the round table we dance whene 'er we be able we do routine and chorus scene with footwork impeccable . we dine well here in camelot we eat ham and jam and spam a lot . we be knight of the round table we show be formidable but many time we be give rhyme that be quite unsingable we be opera mad in camelot we sing from the diaphragm a lot . boom bass . a routine where two xylophonist play part of knight ' armour produce a pleasing effect . in war we be tough and able . quite indefatigable between we quest we sequin vest and impersonate Clark gable it 's a busy life in camelot . single man I have to push the pram a lot . CUT back to arthur and bedevere and company as we have leave they . arthur no , on second think , let 's not go to camelot . knight right ! arthur it be a silly place . they set off again almost immediately they be suffuse in ethereal radiance and strange heavenly choir music . the page , horselike , take fright for a moment , they whinny and rattle they coconut . arthur and the knight fall on they knee . a holy voice boom out . GOD Arthur ! Arthur ... King of the briton ... they all prostrate themselves even further oh , do not grovel ... do get up ! if there 's one thing I can not stand , it 's people grovel !! arthur and company rise . arthur sorry ... GOD and do not apologize . every time I try to talk to someone it 's sorry this and forgive I that and I be not worthy and ... what be you do now ? arthur I be averting my eye , Lord . GOD well , do not . | I really do not know where all this get start . it 's like that miserable psalm . they be so depress . now knock it of arthur yes , Lord . GOD right . Arthur , King of the briton , you be Knights of the round table shall have a task to make they a example in this dark time ... arthur good idea , o Lord ! GOD course it 's a good idea . suddenly another light glow beside GOD or possibly within the light which be GOD a shape slowly start to form . behold ... Arthur ... this be the Holy grail ... | the Sacred Cup from which Christ drank at the last Supper ... the form in the bright light be just discernible as a iridescent chalice ... the knight gasp . look well , Arthur ... for it be you sacred task to seek this grail . it begin to fade . Music crescendo as both light fade . that be you purpose Arthur ... the quest for the Holy grail ... it be go . all the knight be leave gasp in awe and wonderment . they all turn and look at arthur . launcelot a bless . a bless from the lord . | bedevere | praise be to God ! | | a awed pause , then arthur rally they . | | arthur | we have a task , we must waste no time ! to camelot ! | + galahad + God be praise ! stir music crescendo . they ride off . CUT to title sequence animation : " the quest for the Holy grail " after title CUT to : 9 exterior - castle - day mix through one or two shot of they on they way again , until they approach a terrific castle ( a little one would do too ) . they advance quite close to the castle and draw themselves into a line . at a signal from arthur the two page step forward and give a brief fanfare . a man appear on the battlement . arthur address he . arthur hello . man ' allo . whoo be eet ? arthur I be King Arthur and this be the Knights of the round table . whose castle be this ? man this be the castle of of my master , guy de loimbard . arthur please go and tell you master that we have be charge by God with a sacred quest , and if he will give we food and shelter for this night he can join we in we quest for the Holy grail . man well , I will ask he , but I do not think he will be very keen . he 's already get one , you see ? arthur what ? galahad he say they have already get one ! they be stunne . arthur be you sure he 's get one ? man oh yes . it 's very nice + + CUT to battlement . the taunter ( man ) turn to some other . + + man + I tell he we already get one . + + they all giggle . + arthur well ... can we come up and have a look ? man of course not ! you be English pig . arthur well , what be you then ? man I be french . why do think I have this outrageous accent , you silly king . galahad what be you do in England ? man mind you own business . arthur if you will not show we the grail we shall storm you castle . murmur of assent . man you do not frighten we , English pig-dog ! go and boil you bottom , son of a silly person . I blow my nose on you , so-called arthur-ke , you and you silly English k... kanigget . he put hand to he ear and blow a raspberry . galahad what a strange person . arthur now look here , my good man ! man I do not want to talk to you , no more , you empty-heade animal , food trough wiper . I fart in you general direction . you mother be a hamster and you father smelt of elderberry . galahad be there someone else up there we could talk to ? man no . now go away or I shall taunt you a second time . arthur now this be you last chance . I have be more than reasonab ... + + man + fetchez la vache ! + + guard + quoi ? + + man + fetchez la vache ! + CUT back to battlement . a cow be lead out of a stall . CUT back to arthur . arthur now that be my final offer . if you be not prepare to agree to my demand I shall be force to take ... oh Christ ! a cow come fly over the battlement , low aggressively . the cow land on galahad' page , squashing he completely . | | robin | what a cruel thing to do . | | bedevere | ( choke back tear ) | it have not even be milk . | arthur right ! Knights ! forward ! arthur lead a charge toward the castle . various shot of they battle on , despite be hit by a variety of farm animal . arthur ( as the man next to he be squash by a sheep ) Knights ! run away ! midst echoing shout of " run away " the knight retreat to cover with the odd cow or goose hit they still . the knight crouch down under cover . launcelot the sod ! I will tear they apart . arthur ( restrain launcelot from go out and have a go ) no ! bedevere I have a plan sir . CUT back to battlement of castle . french sentries suspiciously peer towards the English line . wind whistle . shot of the empty scrubland or undergrowth or woodland around the castle . emptiness . wind . more shot of the french sentries peer into the dusk . | as night fall . mix through to night on the battlement a brazier burn or | torch on the wall as the sentries peer into the dark . Shots of the | woodland with fire burn where the English line be . during all this the sound of extensive carpentry have possibly be herd , follow by silence , follow by renew outburst or activity . close - up french look very nervous . Dawn break . shot of woodland . nothing . wind . Dawn still break . Shots of the french . they suddenly hear something . a faintly detectable squeaking which be get louder . CUT to wide shot of castle and woodland . squeake get louder . shot of the french taunter point . wide shot again . the squeaking get louder a enormous twenty - foot-high wooden rabbit be wheeled out of the undergrowth into the open space in front of the castle . the english scuttle back into the undergrowth . the rabbit have a large red bow tie round it and a rather crudely write label , which read " pour votre amis francais " . the chief taunter look at it , narrowing he eye . then he turn and leave battlement . CUT to arthur and company watch from the bush . the main gate of the castle open a little and the chief taunter 's head stick out , then another froggie head , then another . they mutter to each other in french , look rather pleased , then rush out and start to pull the giant rabbit in . CUT back to arthur and company behind some bush watch . arthur now what happen ? bedevere well now , launcelot , galahad , and I wait until nightfall and then leap out of the rabbit and take the french by surprise , not only by surprise but totally unarm ! arthur who ... who break out ? bedevere er ... we ... launcelot , galahad , and I ... er ... leap out of the rabbit and ... launcelot cover he eye . bedevere look , if we be to build a large wooden badger ... arthur cuff he . arthur look at the battlement . there be a loud twang . look of horror . the rabbit come sailing over the battlement . arthur run away ! more shout . run away ! | sir gawain | ( to he page as they run away ) | it 's only a model . | | arthur | sh! they continue to retreat . the rabbit land on gawain page ( who be already weigh down by enormous quantity of luggage ) . 10 exterior - castle wall - day CUT to a man in modern dress stand outside a castle . he speak straight to camera in a documentary kind of way . superimpose caption : a very famous historian . historian speech defeat at the castle seem to have utterly dishearten King Arthur ... the ferocity of the french taunting take he completely by surprise and Arthur become convinced that a new strategy be require if the quest for the Holy grail be to be bring to a successful conclusion . Arthur , have consult he close knight , decide that they should separate , and search for the grail individually . now , this be what they do . no sooner ... a knight ride into shot and hack he to the ground . he ride off . we stay for a moment on the glade . a middle - aged lady in a c. & A. twin-set emerge from the tree and look in horror at the body of she husband . mrs historian frank ! CUT to animated frame , with the word " the Tale of Sir Robin " on it . pleasant pastoral music . mix through to : + voice : " the Tale of Sir Robin " 11 exterior - glade - day a knight be trot along through a wooden sun - daple glade , follow by he trusty page bang the usual half coconut . as we see they approach we hear the beautiful lilt sound of medieval music , and see that the knight be follow by a small retinue of musician in thirteenth - century courtly costume , one sing , and play the tambourine , one bang at a tabor ( a small drum o.e.d ) and one play the pipe . the knight look very proud and firm as we hear the first part of the song , but the combination of the lyric and the large sign they pass , start to have they effect ... song : bravely bold Sir Robin , ride forth from camelot , he be not afraid to die , oh brave Sir Robin , he be not at all afraid to be kill in nasty way brave , brave , brave , brave Sir Robin . he be not in the least bit scared to be mashed into a pulp or to have he eye gouge out and he elbow break ; to have he kneecap split and he body burn away and he limb all hack and mangle , brave Sir Robin . his head smashed in , and he heart cut out , and he liver remove , and he bowel unplugge , and he nostril rape , and he bottom burn off , and he penis split ... and he ... robin er , that 's ... that 's enough music for a while , lad . it look as though like there 's dirty work afoot . singers brave , Sir Rob ... robin shut up . they have ride past the follow sign , all in triplicate : - +------------------------------------------------------+ | camelot 43 certain death I | | camelot 43 certain death I | | camelot 43 certain death I | +------------------------------------------------------+ +------------------------------------------------------------+ | beware go back dead people only | | beware go back dead people only | | beware go back dead people only | +------------------------------------------------------------+ 12 exterior - glade - day they now pass three knight impale to a tree . with they foot off the ground , with one lance through the lot of they , they be skewer up like a barbecue . then they pass three knight sit on the ground with one enormous axe through they skull . they look timorous . | then a huge tree be absolutely pack with maiden tie to it . they all | look feed up . sir robin call out cheerfully as he pass . | | robin | Morning . | | one lady | bye . | sir robin ride on a little way with the music building up enormous and terrifying tension , until suddenly there stand before he be a enormous three -headed knight . three head halt ! who art thou ? singers he be brave Sir Robin , brave Sir Robin , who ... robin ( to singers ) shut up . oh , nobody really . just pass through . three head what do you want ? singers to fight and ... robin shut up . nothing really . just to pass through , good Sir knight . three head I be afraid not . | this be my bit of the forest . find you own bit . robin I be a knight of King Arthur 's round table . | I seek the Holy grail - stand aside and let I pass . three head you be a knight of the round table ? robin I be . from now on the three head speak individually . second head shit . first head in that case I shall have to kill you . second head shall I ? third head oh , I do not think so . second head I be not sure . middle head ( to first ) what do I think ? left head I think kill he . | | second head | I be still not sure . | | third head | all right . how many of I think I should kill he ? | | first head | I do . | | third head | one . | | second head | that 's not a quorum . | | first head | it be if I be the Chairman . | | third head | oo , it 's not . | | second head | I be the Chairman this week . | | first head | you be not . | | second head | look , it will make it much simpler if I vote with I . | | third head | to kill he . | | second head | yeah . | | third head | ( tut ) | oh , damn . | | first head | ( to sir robin ) | knight , I have decide to kill you . | | third head | with one absent . | | first head | knight , I have decide to kill you with one absent . | | third head | ( to sir robin ) | sorry about this but I have to be fair . | | robin | oh , that 's all right . so you be go to kill I with you big axe . | | first head | er no , with my sword . | | second head | Dagger . | | third head | mace be quick . | | first head | no , no , the sword , it 's easier . | | third head | he say axe . | | robin | look , hurry up six eye , or I shall cut you head off . | | third head | ( to sir robin , refer to first head ) | for God 's sake , CUT that one off , and do we all a favour . | | first head | what do you mean ? | | third head | yapping on all the time . | | second head | you be lucky , you be not next to he . | | third head | what do you mean ? | | second head | you snore . | | third head | oo , lie . anyway , you have get bad breath . | | second head | ( aspirate heavily ) | I have not . | | both third and first head turn away slightly , make face . | | second head | it 's not my fault . it 's what you both eat . | | first head | look , stop this bitching . we have get a knight to kill . | | second head | he 's buggere off . | | third head | so he have . he 's scarpere . | | first head | that 's all you fault . | | third head | no , it 's not . | | first head | ( swipe at himself ) | take that . | | second head | ow . | | first head | I be sorry . | | third head | ' ere , stop it . I will teach you . | | the body start lay into itself with sword and mace , while the head | argue and shout with pain . we pan gently across to the maiden on they | tree . they be still very feed up . | | maiden | I suppose we be lucky he 's only get three head . | | lovely | chance would be a fine thing . + + third head + oh! let 's be nice to he . + + first head + oh shut up . + + robin + perhaps I could ... + + first head + oh ! quick ! get the sword out I want to cut he head off . + + third head + oh , cut you own head off . + + second head + yes - do we all a favour . + + first head + what ? + + third head + yapping on all the time . + + second head + you be lucky , you be not next to he . + + third head + what do you mean ? + + second head + you snore . + + third head + ooh , lie ! anyway you have get bad breath . + + second head + well only because you do not brush my tooth ... + + third head + oh ! stop bicker and let 's go and have tea and biscuit . + + first head + all right ! all right ! we will kill he first and then have tea + and biscuit . + + second head + yes . + + third head + oh ! not biscuit ... + + first head + all right ! all right ! not biscuit - but let kill he anyway ... + + wide - shot the 3- head knight be alone . + + second head + he 's buggere off ! + + third head + so he have ! he 's scarpere . 13 exterior - glade - day Quick sequence of sir robin . the music be jolly and bright , as if triumphant . robin be not at all happy with the lyric . singers brave Sir Robin run away . robin I do not . singers bravely run away , away . robin no , no , no . singers when danger rear its ugly head , he bravely turn he tail and fle yes , brave Sir Robin turn about and gallantly he chicken out bravely take to he foot he beat a very brave retreat bravest of the brave Sir Robin petrify of be dead soil he pants then brave Sir Robin turned away and fle . they disappear into distance . animation : " the Tale of Sir galahad " 14 exterior - STORM - forest - dusk as the storm rage we pick up galahad force he way through bramble and over slippery rock . progress be hard . he pause and at this moment we hear the howling of wolf . galahad turn , then hurry onward even more urgently . another louder , closer howl be herd and galahad stumble and fall heavily . though obviously injure he bravely struggle forward a little and regains he feed reacting with pain . more louder closer howling . he grip he sword valiantly and as he glance around a flash of lightning reveal the silhouette of a huge terrifying castle , perhaps look rather derelict . he make up he mind in a instant and stumble manfully toward it . more louder howling . he reach the forbid and enormous door of the castle and beat on the door with the handle of he sword , look over he shoulder the while . pause . he beat again , shouting : galahad open . open the door . in the name of King Arthur . open the door . | I be Sir galahad , a knight of the round table . | | some suitable noise be herd inside . | | I be on a quest for the Holy grail . I seek shelter . some rattling chainy noise come from inside with huge bolt be draw . the wolf ' howling be very close . as the door creak open galahad step quickly inside . 15 interior - castle - night from inside we see galahad enter , wiping the rain from he eye , and turn as the door crash behind he . galahad turn to the door reacting to the fact he be trap . zoot ( out of vision ) hello ! galahad turn back . we see from he Pov the lovely zoot stand by he smile enchantingly and a number of equally delectable girlies drape around in the seductively poultice room . they look at he smilingly and wave . girlies hello ! zoot welcome , gentle Sir knight , welcome to the Castle Anthrax . galahad the Castle Anthrax ? zoot yes . it 's not a very good name , be it ? but we be nice and we shall attend to you every ... every need ! galahad er ... + you be the keeper of the Holy grail ? zoot the what ? but you be tired and you must rest awhile . midget ! crapper ! midget and crapper yes , o Zoot ? zoot prepare a bed for we guest . midget and crapper ( grovel with delight ) oh thank you , Zoot , thank you , thank you . zoot away varletess ! ( to galahad ) the bed here be warm and soft and very , very big . galahad well , look er , I ... zoot what be you name , handsome knight ? galahad er ... Sir galahad ... the chaste . zoot mine be Zoot. just Zoot ( she be very close to he for a moment ) but come . she turn away and lead he towards a door lead to a corner lead to the bedchamber galahad well look , I be afraid I really ought to be ... zoot Sir galahad !! there be a gasp from the other girl zoot you would not be so ungallant as to refuse we hospitality . galahad look at the other girl . they be clearly on the verge of be offended . galahad well ... zoot ( she move off and galahad unwillingly follow ) I be afraid we life must seem very dull and quiet compare to yours . we be but eightscore young blond , all between sixteen and nineteen - and - a-half , cut off in this castle , with no one to protect we . oooh . it be a lonely life ... bathing ... dress ... undress ... make exciting underwear .... they reach the end of the corridor and enter the bedchamber . zoot turn zoot we be just not use to handsome knight ... ( she notice he limping ) but you be wounded ! galahad no , it 's nothing ! zoot you must see the doctor immediately . ( she clap again ) you must lie down . she almost force he to lie on the bed as piglet and winston enter the room . they be equally beautiful and dress exotically . they approach galahad . piglet well , what seem to be the trouble ? galahad they be doctor ? zoot they have a basic medical training , yes . now you must try to rest . Dr. Winston ! Dr. piglet ! practice you art !! winston try to relax . galahad no look , really , this be not nescess ... piglet we must examine you . galahad there 's nothing wrong with ... that . piglet ( slightly irritate ) please ... we be doctor . zoot reappear . galahad try for one brief moment to relax . then there be a sharp bo from the lower part of he armour . winston glance quickly in the appropriate direction as galahad sit up and start get off the bed and collect he armour , say : galahad no , no , this cannot be . I be swear to chastity ! piglet back to you bed ! at once ! galahad I be sorry , I must go . galahad hurry to the door and push through it . as he leave the room we CUT to the reverse to show that he be now in a room full of bathing and romping girlies , all innocent , wide - eye and beautiful . they smile enchantingly at he as he try to keep walk without be divert by the lovely sight assault he eyeball . he nod to they stiffly once or twice and then he eye catch a particularly stun young lady . he visibly gulp with repress emotion and cannot resist say : | | galahad | good evening ... ah , Zoot ! er ... | | dingo | no , I be Zoot 's identical twin sister , dingo . | | galahad | oh. well , I be sorry , but I must leave immediately . | | dingo | ( very dramatically ) | no ! oh , no ! bad ... bad Zoot . | | galahad | er , why ? | | dingo | she have be lie again ... she tell we you have promise to | stay for ever ! | | galahad | oh ! + + galahad + oh ... will you excuse I ? + + dingo + where be you go ? + + galahad + I have see the grail ! I have see it - here in this castle ! + + dingo + no ! oh , no ! bad ... bad Zoot ! + + galahad + what be it ? + + dingo + bad , wick , naughty Zoot ! she have be set fire to we beacon , + which - I have just remember - be grail - shape ... it be not the + first time we have have this problem . + + galahad + it 's not the real grail ? + + dingo wick wick Zoot ... she be a bad person and she must pay the penalty . and here in Castle Anthrax , we have but one punishment ... you must tie she down on a bed ... and spank she . come ! girl a spanking ! a spanking ! dingo you must spank she well and after you have spanke she you may deal with she as you like and then ... spank I . amazing and spank I ! stunner and I . lovely and I . dingo yes , yes , you must give we all a good spanking ! girl a spanking . a spanking . there be go to be a spanking tonight . dingo and after the spanking ... the oral sex . galahad oh , dear ! well , I ... girl the oral sex ... the oral sex . galahad well , I suppose I could stay a bit longer . at this moment there be a commotion behind and sir launcelot and concord , possibly plus gawain , burst into the bathing area with sword draw and form themselves round sir galahad threaten the girl . launcelot Sir galahad ! galahad oh ... hello ... launcelot Quick ! galahad why ? launcelot you be in great peril . dingo no he be not launcelot silence ! foul temptress ! galahad well , she 's get a point . launcelot we will cover you escape ! galahad look - I be fine ! girl Sir galahad ! he threaten dingo . galahad no. look , I can tackle this lot single - hand ! girl yes , yes , let he tackle we single - hand ! launcelot come Sir galahad , quickly ! galahad no , really , I can cope . I can handle this lot easily ! dingo yes , let he handle we easily . launcelot no sir . Quick ! he start pull galahad away . galahad no , please . please ! I can defeat they ! there 's only a hundred . girl he will beat we easily . we have not a chance . dingo oh shit ! by now launcelot and concorde have hustle galahad out of the bathing area and be run through the outside door . launcelot we be in the nick of time . you be in great peril . galahad ( drag he foot somewhat ) I do not think I be . launcelot you be , Sir galahad , you be in terrible peril . galahad look , let I go back in there and face the peril ? launcelot it 's too perilous . they be right outside the castle by now . galahad look , it 's my duty as a knight to try and sample as much peril as I can . launcelot no , no , we must find the grail . the thunderstorm be over . a bunch ( sic ) of page be tethere to a tree with more men wait . they tether be untied and the page start bang away with they coconut . galahad be sweep along with they as they ride off . galahad oh , let I go and have a bit of peril ? launcelot no . it 's unhealthy . galahad ... I Bet you be gay . launcelot no , I be not . gawain or concorde give a know glance at launcelot . voice come in as they ride off . voice over Sir launcelot have save galahad from almost certain temptation but they be still lose , far from the goal of they search for the Holy grail . only bedevere and King Arthur himself , riding day and night , have make any progress . 16 animation / live action arthur and bedevere in the depth of a dark forest with a old blind soothsayer . he lie in a break down old woodman 's hut . arthur and this " enchanter " of whom you speak , he have see the grail ? the soothsayer laugh forbiddingly , add to the general spookiness of this encounter . arthur where do he live ? ( he stare into the blind eye of the old man ) Old man ... where do he live ... soothsayer he know of a cave ... a cave which no man have enter . arthur and ... the grail ... the grail be there ? the blind man laugh again to himself . soothsayer there be much danger ... for beyond the cave lie the gorge of eternal peril which no man have ever cross . arthur but the grail ... where be the grail !? soothsayer seek you the Bridge of death ... arthur the Bridge of death ? ... which lead to the grail ? the old man laugh sinisterly and mockingly . they look down and he be go . they stand up . suddenly behind they be a noise . they turn sharply in the door of the little hut be a cat . it miaow and be go . they slowly back out of the hut . as they touch the doorpost they just flake away into dust . the whole hut be rotten . it collapse spooky music . they be thoroughly shake , and they begin to hear noise of people move in the forest around they . they start to back cautiously away from the hut , suddenly there be heavy footfall behind they . they turn in fear and : sudden CUT to big close - up of a frightening black - brow evil face . tall knight of NI ni! arthur and bedevere recoil in abject fear . patsy rear up with coconut . arthur ( to patsy ) easy ... boy , easy ... arthur peer into the darkness . who be you ? six voice from darkness NI ! ... peng ! ... neeee ... wom ! a extraordinary tall knight in all black ( possibly John with Mike on he shoulder ) walk out from the dark tree . he be extremely fierce and gruesome countenance . he walk towards king arthur and patsy , who be wazzing like mad . ( salopian slang , meaning very scared . almost to the point of wetting oneself , e.g. before a important football match or prior to a poster . salopian slang meaning a beat by the school praeposter . sorry about the salopian slant to this stage direction - Ed . ) arthur ( wazze stiff ) who be you ? tall knight we be the Knights who say " ni " ! bedevere no ! not the Knights who say " ni " ! tall knight the same ! arthur who be they ? tall knight we be the keeper of the sacred word . NI ... peng ... and neee ... wom ! bedevere that who hear they seldom live to tell the tale . tall knight the Knights who say " ni " ! demand a sacrifice . arthur ( to the tall knight ) Knights who say " ni " ... we be but simple traveller . we seek the enchanter who life beyond this wood and who ... tall knight NI ! arthur ( recoil ) oh ! tall knight NI ! NI ! arthur ( he cower in fear ) oh ! tall knight we shall say ni! again to you if you do not appease we . arthur all right ! what do you want ? tall knight we want ... a shrubbery ! arthur a what ? tall knight ni! ni! ni ... peng ... nee ... wum ! the page rear and snort and rattle they coconut . arthur all right ! all right ! ... no more , please . we will find you a shrubbery ... tall knight you must return here with a shrubbery or else ... you shall not pass through this wood alive ! arthur thanks you , Knights who say ni ! you be fair and just . we will return with a shrubbery . tall knight one that look nice . arthur of course . tall knight and not too expensive . arthur yes ... tall knight now - go ! arthur and bedevere turn and ride off . other knight ni! ni! shout of " ni " and " peng " ring behind they . 17 exterior - day CUT back to the historian lie in the glade . his wife , who have be kneel beside he , rise as two police patrolmen enter the glade . they bend over she husband . one take out a notebook . CUT to and animated title - " the Tale of Sir launcelot " 18 interior - prince' room in castle - day a young , quite embarrassingly unattractive prince be gaze out of a castle window . his father stand beside he . he be also look out . the prince wear a long white undershirt ( like a night shirt ) . father one day , lad , all this will be yours ... prince what - the curtain ? father no ! not the curtain , lad ... all that ... ( indicate the vista from the window ) all that you can see , stretch out over the hill and valley ... as far as the eye can see and beyond ... that will be you kingdom , lad . prince but , mother ... father Father , lad . prince but , Father , I do not really want any of that . father listen , lad , I build this kingdom up from nothing . all I have when I start be swamp ... other king say I be daft to build a castle on a swamp , but I build it all the same ... just to show them . it sink into the swamp . so I build a another one ... that sink into the swamp . I build another one ... that fall over and then sink into the swamp .... so I build another ... and that stay up . ... and that 's what you gonna get , lad : the most powerful kingdom in this island . prince but I do not want any of that , I would rather ... father Rather what ? prince I would rather ... just ... sing ... music intro father you be not go to do a song while I be here ! Music stop . listen , lad , in twenty minute you be go to be marry to a girl whose father own the biggest tract of open land in Britain . prince I do not want land . father listen , Alice ... prince Herbert . father Herbert ... we build this castle on a bloody swamp , we need all the land we can get . prince but I do not like she . father do not like she ? what 's wrong with she ? she 's beautiful ... she 's rich ... she 's get huge tract of land ... prince I know ... but ... I want the girl that I marry to have ... a certain ... special ... something ... music into for song . father cut that out ! Music cut off abruptly . you be marrying princess lucky , so you would better get use to the idea ! Guards ! two guard enter and stand to attention on either side of the door one of they have hiccough and do so throughout . father make sure the Prince do not leave this room until I come and get he . first guard not ... to leave the room ... even if you come and get he . father no. until I come and get he . second guard hic. first guard until you come and get he , we be not to enter the room . father no ... you stay in the room and make sure he do not leave . first guard ... and you will come and get he . second guard hic. father that 's right . first guard we do not need to do anything , apart from just stop he enter the room . father leave the room . first guard leave the room ... yes . father get it ? second guard hic. farther make to leave . first guard er ... if ... we ... er ... father yes ? first guard if we ... er ... ( try to remember what he be go to say ) father look , it 's simple . just stay here and make sure he do not leave the room . second guard hic. father right ? first guard oh , I remember ... can he ... er ... can he leave the room with we ? father ( carefully ) no .... keep he in here ... and make sure he do not ... first guard oh , yes ! we will keep he in here , obviously . but if he have to leave and we be with he . father no ... just keep he in here . first guard until you , or anyone else ... father no , not anyone else - just I . first guard just you ... second guard hic. first guard get back . father right . first guard okay . Fine . we will remain here until you get back . father and make sure he do not leave . first guard what ? father make sure he do not leave . first guard the Prince ... ? father yes ... make sure ... first guard oh yes , of course ! I think you mean he ! ( he point to the other guard and laugh to himself ) you know it seem a bit daft I havin ' to guard he when he 's a guard ... father be that clear ? second guard hic. first guard oh , yes . that 's quite clear . no problem . father pull open the door and make to leave the room . the guard follow . father ( to the guard ) where be you go ? first guard we be come with you . father no , I want you to stay here and make sure he do not leave the room until I get back . first guard oh , I see , right . they take up position on either side of the door . prince but , Father . father shut you noise , you , and get that suit on ! he point to a wedding suit on a table or chair . father throw one last look at the boy and turn , go out and slam the door . the prince slump onto window seat , look forlornly out of the window . music intro to song ... the door fly open , the music cut off and father poke he head in . father and no sing ! second guard hic. father ( as he go out . ) go and have a drink of water . father slam the door again . the guard take up they position . the son gaze out of the window again ... sigh ... think ... a think strike he ... he get up , cross to he desk and scribbles a quick note and impale it on a arrow ... take a bow down from the wall ... and fire the arrow out of the window . he look wetly defiant at the guard , who smile pleasantly . 15 exterior - a forest - day CUT to the middle of the forest . sir launcelot be riding along with a trusty servant , concorde . launcelot and ... of v e be ... we go ! he stride over a big tree trunk ... he " horse " do run and jump ... launcelot ( enthusiastically ) well take , concorde ! concorde thank you , sir , most kind ... launcelot and another ! concorde miss a beat . steady ! good ... and the last one ... concorde do the run - up with the coconut . he do the break for the leap ... there be a thwack . sir launcelot be wait for the horse to land . concorde message for you , sir . he fall forward revealing the arrow with the note . launcelot concorde - speak to I . he realise he might be in danger and so start to crawl off ... when he notice the note . he take it out and read it . launcelot ( read ) " to whoever find this note - I have be imprison by my father who wish I to marry against my will . please please please please come and rescue I . I be in the tall tower of swamp Castle . " sir launcelot 's eye light up with holy inspiration . launcelot at last ! a call ! a cry of distress ... ( he draw he sword , and turn to concorde ) concorde ! brave , concorde ... you shall not have die in vain ! concorde I be not quite dead , sir ... launcelot ( a little deflate ) oh , well ... er brave concorde ! you shall not have be fatally wounded in vain ! concorde I think I could pull through , sir . launcelot good concorde ... stay here and rest awhile . he make to leap off dramatically . concorde I think I will be all right to come with you , sir . launcelot I will send help , brave friend , as soon as I have accomplish this most dare , desperate adventure in this genre . concorde really , I feel fine , sir . launcelot farewell , concorde ! concorde it just seem silly ... I lie here . sir launcelot plunge off into the forest . 20 exterior - castle gateway - day two hang banner one each side of the gate with the monogram : " h & L " . two sentries with spear ... slightly weddingly ... red ribbon on they right spear . we can hear from inside revelry and celebration music . we hear launcelot 's footstep . the two sentries be watch he . one of they raise he hand . | | first sentry | halt , friend ... | launcelot leap into shot with a mighty cry and run the guard through and hack he to the floor . blood. swashbuckle music ( perhaps ) . launcelot race through into the castle scream . second sentry hey ! he look down at he mutilate comrade . 21 exterior - day CUT to inside of the castle grounds or courtyard . in the sunlight beautifully dress wedding guest be arrive . converge on a doorway . a country dance in progress . sir launcelot rush towards they . CUT to hand -held close - ups as he charge through the crowd , hack right and leave a la errol Flynn at all who come in he way . he fight he way through the country dance . blood . shriek . bemuse look of guest - not horror so much as uncomprehend surprise . possibly errol Flynn music . one country dancer be leave hold just a hand . right and leave the guest crumple in pool of blood as he fight he way through the door and into the main hall . 22 interior - day CUT to interior of main hall . sound of busy preparation . men set up huge hogshead of wine . men put up last minute flower arrangement . cook bear huge trays of food , pie , suckling pig , a swan , boar 's head , etc . the bride be dress by several attendant . father order servant around - organize the steward etc . sir launcelot burst through the middle of they , slashing heroically , hack , wound and kill . again fairly close -up chaotic shot . we see guest stagger back wounded - a cook bite the dust , etc . sir launcelot eventually reach the staircase ... run up it and into a small door . 23 interior - day CUT to sir launcelot run up spiral staircase . he reach the door of the prince 's room . he fling it open . first guard ah! now ... we be not allow to ... sir launcelot run he through , grab he spear and stab the other guard who collapse in a heap . hiccough quietly . sir launcelot run to the window and kneel down in front of the prince , averting he head . launcelot oh , fair one , behold you humble servant , Sir launcelot , from the Court of camelot . I have come to take you ... ( he look up for the first time and he voice trail away ) away ... I be terribly sorry ... prince you get my note ! launcelot well ... yes ... prince you have come to rescue I ? launcelot well ... yes ... but I have not realise ... prince ( he eye light up ) I know that someone would come . I know ... somewhere out there ... there must be ... music intro to song . father ( suddenly look in the door ) stop that ! Music cut out . father see sir launcelot still kneel before he son . father who be you ? prince I be ... you son ... father not you . launcelot ( half stand self - consciously ) I be ... er ... Sir launcelot , sir . prince he 's come to rescue I , father . launcelot ( embarrassed ) well , let 's not jump to conclusion ... father do you kill all that guard ? launcelot yes ... I be very sorry ... father they cost fifty pound each ! launcelot well , I be really be most awfully sorry but I ... I can explain everything ... prince do not be afraid of he , Sir launcelot . I have get a rope here all ready ... he throw a rope out of the window which be tie to a pillar in the room he look rather pleased with himself that he have get it all ready . father you kill eight wedding guest in all ! launcelot er , well ... the thing be ... I think you son be a lady . father I can understand that . prince ( half out of the window ) hurry , brave Sir launcelot ! father ( to he son ) shut up ! ( to launcelot ) you only kill the bride 's father - that 's all - launcelot oh dear , I do not really mean to ... father do not mean to ? you put you sword right through he head ! launcelot gosh - be he all right ? father you even kick the bride in the chest ! it 's go to cost I a fortune ! launcelot I can explain ... I be in the forest ... riding north from camelot ... when I get this note . father camelot ? be you from camelot ? the prince 's head peep over the windowsill . prince hurry ! launcelot I be , sir . I be a knight of King Arthur . father ' mm ... very nice castle , camelot ... very good pig country .... launcelot be it ? prince ( out of vision ) I be ready , Sir launcelot . father do you want to come and have a drink ? launcelot oh ... that 's awfully nice . prince ( oov ) ( loud and shrill ) I be ready ! as they walk past the rope , the father nonchalantly cut with he knife . there be no sound except after a pause a slight squeal from very far away as the prince make contact with the ground . launcelot it 's just that when I be in this genre , I tend to get over - excited and start to leap around and wave my sword about ... and ... father oh , do not worry about that ... tell I ... do not camelot own that stretch of farmland up by the mountain ? he put he arm round launcelot 's shoulder as they go though the door . 24 interior - day CUT to the great hall . guest wounded and bloody , be tend to the dead and injure , sigh and groan , the princess in she white wedding dress be hold she chest and cough blood . people dabbing the stain off she dress . father and sir launcelot start to walk down the grand staircase . talk to each other . one of the guest notice and point to sir launcelot . guest there he be ! as one man all remain able-body men look up and make for the staircase , mutter angrily . sir launcelot grab he sword . father hold it ! but it be too lake . sir launcelot can not be stop . with fearless abandon he throw himself into the crowd and start hack and slashing . he have carve quite a number up before the father can stop he and pull he back onto the stair . renewed groan and cry . father ( shouting above noise ) hold it ! please ! launcelot sorry ! sorry ... ( with bitter self reproach ) there you see ... I just get excited again and I get carry away ... I be ever so sorry . ( to the crowd ) sorry . crowd kneel round they wounded again . moan etc . guest he 's kill the best man ! second guest ( hold a limp woman ) he 's kill my auntie . father no , please ! this be suppose to be a happy occasion ! let 's not bicker and argue about who kill who ... we be here today to witness the union of two young people in the joyful bond of the holy wedlock . unfortunately , one of they , my son Herbert , have just fall to he death . murmur from crowd ; the bride smile with relief , cough . but I do not want to think I have not lose a son ... so much as gain a daughter ... smatter of applause . for , since the tragic death of she father ... shout from back he 's not quite dead ! father since the fatal wound of she father ... shout from back I think he 's get better ! father nod discreetly to a soldier stand to one side . the soldier slip off . father 's eye watch he move round to where the voice come from . father for ... since she own father ... who ... when he seem about to recover ... suddenly feel the icy ... hand of death upon he . a scuffle at the back . shout from back oh , he 's die ! father I want he only daughter , from now onwards , to think of I as she old dad ... in a very real and legally bind sense . applause . and I be sure sure ... that the merger ... er ... the union between the princess and the brave but dangerous Sir launcelot of camelot ... launcelot what ? gasp from the crowd . crowd the dead Prince ! there be concorde hold " the dead prince " in he arm . concorde he 's not quite dead ! prince I feel much better . father you fall out of the tall Tower you creep ! prince I be save at the last minute . father how ? prince well ... I will tell you ... music intro to song . concorde stand the son on he foot and adopt cod " and now a number from my friend " pose . father not like that ! but the music do not stop and the crowd start to sing . crowd he 's go to tell . father shut up ! crowd he 's go to tell ... father ( scream ) shut up ! as the song start the father try yell at they and eventually give up . sir launcelot join concorde in the crowd . | | launcelot | we must escape . quickly before the song . | | concorde | come with I , sir . | | launcelot | you be not right for this genre ... I must escape more dramatically . | + + concorde + quickly , sir , come this way ! + + launcelot + no ! it 's not right for my idiom . I must escape more ... more ... + + concorde + dramatically , sir ? + + launcelot + dramatically . + crowd he 's go to tell he 's go to tell he 's go to tell about he great escape . oh he fall a long long way but he 's here with we today what a wonderful ... escape . concorde go . sir launcelot run back up the stair , grab a rope of the wall and swing out over the head of the crowd in a swashbuckle manner towards a large window . he stop just short of the window and be leave swing pathetically back and forth . + + launcelot + Excuse I ... could somebody give I a push ... + 25 exterior - a deserted village - dusk toothless old crone by the roadside . arthur and bedevere and two page ride up and draw up alongside the crone . arthur be there anywhere where we could buy a shrubbery ? the old crone cross herself with a look of stark terror . crone who send you ? arthur the Knights who say ni! crone aaaagh ! ( she look around in rear ) no ! we have no shrubbery here . bedevere surely , there must be . | | arthur restrain from threaten the lady . | | arthur | ( aside ) | it will be not good to argue . this simple people be terrify | of the Knights who say ni! | | crone | ( she cower ) | ohhh ! | | arthur take bedevere further aside . | | arthur | there be only one way to get the information we want ... | | bedevere | send she a letter from a long way away ? | | arthur | er , no ... no , we must ... | | bedevere | talk to she in funny voice ? | | arthur | ( slightly crossly ) | no ... | | bedevere | how about try ourselves to a tree ? | | arthur | ( grittily ) | no . we only hope be to make she as afraid of we as she be of | the awful Knights who say ni! | | bedevere | ( sagely ) | ah ! hit ourselves with a big rock ... | | he nod knowingly . | | arthur | ( tolerantly but firmly ) | no. nothing we do to ourselves will frighten she as much as | what we can do to she ... | | bedevere | ah ! | | arthur | we must threaten to say " ni " ! | | bedevere | ( terror ) | oh , no . | | they reapproach the old crone who be cower more than ever . | arthur listen , old crone ! unless you tell we where we can buy a shrubbery , my friend and I will ... we will say " ni ! " crone do you worst ! | I have herd the Knights say " ni " ! in the night . I have herd the | hideous peng ! and they have say " nee - wum " ! to my sister but still | I have not reveal ... arthur very well , old crone . since you will not assist we voluntarily ... " ni " ! crone no. never . no shrubbery . arthur ni! bedevere nu ! arthur no. ni ! more like this . " ni " ! bedevere ni , no , no ! arthur | it 's not work . you be not do it properly . ni! bedevere ni! arthur that 's it . ni! ni! a passer - by on a horse be observe they . roger be you say " ni " to that old woman ? arthur erm , yes . roger oh , what sad time be this when pass ruffian can say " ni " at will to old lady . there be a pestilence upon this land ! nothing be sacred . even that who arrange and design shrubbery be under considerable economic stress at this point in time . arthur do you say shrubbery ? roger yes . shrubbery be my trade . I be a shrubber . my name be Roger the shrubber . I arrange , design , and sell shrubbery . bedevere ( rather aggressively , to roger ) ni! arthur no. no. no ! 26 exterior - glade - dusk CUT to the glade in the forest again . arthur oh , Knights of ni , here be you shrubbery . May we go now ? tall knight that be a good shrubbery . I like the laurel particularly - but there be one small problem . arthur what be that ? tall knight we be now no longer the Knights who say ni! one knight ni! other sh ! one knight ( wisper ) sorry . tall knight we be now the Knights who go neeeow ... wum ... ping ! other ni! other ni! one knight peng ! other ni! other sh! sh ! tall knight therefore ... we be no longer contractually bound by any agreement previously enter into by the Knights who say ni! one knight ni! another peng ! another sh ! tall knight shut up ! ( to arthur ) therefore , we must give you a test , a test to satisfy the Knights who say neeeow ... wum ... ping ! other ( terrific chorus ) neeeow ... wum ... ping ! arthur what be this test , Knights of N ... ( can not say it ) ... recently Knights of ni! knight ni! tall knight firstly . you must get we another shrubbery ! other knight ( half see ) more shrubbery ! more shrubbery for the ex-knight of ni! arthur not another shrubbery - tall knight when you have find the shrubbery , place the shrubbery here , beside this shrubbery ... only slightly higher , so you get a two - level effect with a path through the middle . other knight a path ! a little path for the late Knights of ni! chorus of " ni! ni ! " tall knight when you have find the shrubbery , then you must cut down the mightiest tree in the forest ... with a herring . other knight yes ! with a herring ! with a herring ! cut down with a herring ! arthur we shall do no such thing ... let we pass ! tall knight oh , please ! arthur cut down a tree with a herring ? it can not be do ! other knight ( they all recoil in horror ) oh ! tall knight do not say that word . arthur what word ? tall knight I can not tell you . suffice to say be one of the word the Knights of ni! can not hear ! arthur how can we not say the word , if you do not tell we what it be ? tall knight ( cring in fear ) you say it again ! arthur what , " be " ? tall knight ( dismissively ) no , no ... not " be " ! other knight not " be " ! not " be " ! suddenly sing be hear from deep in the forest . sir robin' singers bravely good Sir Robin be not at all afraid to have he eyeball skewer ... tall knight ( irritate ) " be " be all right ... you would not get far not say " be " ! bedevere my liege , it 's Sir Robin ! tall knight ( cover he ear ) you have say the word again ! sir robin and he singers appear in the clear . the singers be go on cheerfully as usual and robin walk in front of they , continually embarrassed at they presence . singers ... and he kidney burnt and he nipple skewer off ... robin hold he hand up for silence . arthur Sir Robin ! he shake he hand warmly . robin my liege ! it 's good to have find you again ... tall knight now he 's say the word ! arthur where be you go good Sir Robin ? robin' singers ( start up again ) he be go home ... he be give up , he be throw in the sponge . robin ( to singers ) shut up ! no ... er ... no ... I ... er ... I ... er ... I certainly be not give up ... I be actually look for the grail ... er thing ... in this forest . arthur no ... it lie beyond this forest . tall knight stop say the word ! other knight stop say the word ! the word we can not hear ! the word ... arthur ( lose he patience with the fearful knight of " NI " ) oh , stop it ! terrific confusion amongst the knight of " NI " , they roll on the ground cover they ear . the tall knight remain stand try to control he men . other knight they be all say the word ... tall knight stop say it . aaaarghh ! ... I have say it ... other knight you have say it ! aaaaarghhh ! ... we have say it ... wwe be all say it . arthur beckon to bedevere and robin and they pick they way through the helpless knight of " NI " and away into the forest . 27 exterior - historian be glade - day we CUT to a almost subliminal shot of the historian wife be show into a police car , which then roar off out of the glade | CUT back to the forest . the Knights of " NI " be slowly recover . they | get up . | | tall knight | well , at least we have get one shrubbery . | | other knight | yes , yes ... we have done very well ... NI ! | | tall knight | ssh ! I think somebody 's come . we will get they to give we | another shrubbery . | | other knight | good idea . more shrubbery . as many as possible . | | perhaps we start to track back from the scene as they go on talk . | | tall knight | what shall we call ourselves this time ? | | knight | how about " the knight of nicky - nicky " ? | | |28 exterior - day | | a small group of peasant be be shuffle into a group formation , at the | apparent direction of someone behind the camera . a few cough | as they shuffle together . a moment of silence . then they burst | into pleasant ( melliflubus ) song . | | song : when the tree do blossom full | and all the hill be green | oh ! oh ! we sing | hey ! hey ! we sing | we count ....ry song ... | | a hail of arrow hit they and they crumple up . sound of raucous | laughter off camera . | | CUT to reveal a fire squad of archer kneel not ten foot away from | the group of singers . | | sitting on the throne on a dais be king brian the wild . he be roaring with | roaring with laughter . and he court be slightly shabby - bear all the | mark of a fade richness . it be a court without woman , and nobody | do the wash or shave very well . perhaps there be wash however | on the line over the castle . king brian adviser stand around | he . everyone bear the sign of past injury ( except for brian | himself ) i.e. they have a arm in a sling or head bandage ; all the people | at court , except for brian have they leave arm miss ( possibly | the result of some violent edict a few year back ) | | king brian | ha ! ha ! ha ! ha ! ha ! ho ! ho ! ho ! ho ! ha ! ha ! ha ! ha ! | oh ! very good ! next ! | | first adviser | ( a Little uncomfortably - perhaps he arm be in a sling obviously | give he some pain ) | there be no more , sir. | | king brian | ( grab he by the collar ) | what do ' you mean you filthy dog ! | | first adviser | there be no more close harmony group in the kingdom , sir. | | king brian | no more close harmony group !!! | | first adviser | we have scour the kingdom . | | king brian | ( lift he bodily into the air and break he | arm again slightly ) | you miserable worm ! you wretch ! you walk son of a dunghill keeper ! | Guards ! | | two Rather shabby look guard approach . ( as everyone else they also | have they leave arm miss ) | | first adviser | have mercy you majesty ! | | king brian | guard ! take he away and suspend he by he nostril from the high | tree in the kingdom ! | | the Guards grab he unmercifully and drag he off . he whine piteously . | | |29 exterior - day | | CUT back to the glade where the knight of NI ! be . a police car | roar up . two plain clothes detective and a constable get out , look | around suspiciously , perhaps kneel and examine the ground . one policeman | find patsy 's shoe and the other find a strange scientific instrument that | be hang from bedevere . | | they nod grimly to each other . climb back in the car and drive off . | | |30 exterior - day | | back in king brian 's Court . the first adviser have be drag off . there | be muffle scream come from the nearby tree . the first adviser | be be haul up it on pulley . | | second adviser | you majesty , I can find you a lute player , whose music be pass | sweet . | | king brian | it 's not the same , you thick -headed fool ! | ( king brian hit he on the back of the head . he fall . ) | there 's no fun in kill soloist ! | | second adviser | ( pick himself up ) | he may have a friend ... | | king brian | guard ! | | second adviser | oh please you majesty ! please ! | | king brian | take he away and tie he kidney to the longest hedge in the kingdom ! | | the guard drag the adviser roughly away . | | second adviser | no ! | ( he be drag off scream and protest ) | | king brian | ( roaring at the rest of the court ) | I will personally disembowel the next little bastard who tell I that | there be no more close harmony ... | | at this moment we hear faintly the sound of sing . king brian stop | to listen . the entire court turn thankfully towards the mellifluous | sound . | | we be the knight of the round table | we show be formidable | but many time we be give rhyme | that be quite unsingable ... | | king brian | wait a minute ! five point harmony with a counter - tenor lead ! | | various member of the court sigh and breathe more easily . | | creep | thank goodness . | | king brian | shut up ! | ( punch he right on the end of the nose and shout to the | second adviser ) | oy you ! | | second adviser | ( double - up , surrounded by soldier busy with he stomach ) | yes , you majesty ? | | king brian | go and get them ! | | second adviser | ( gratefully ) | thank you sir ! | ( he stagger off with some difficulty ) | | guard | 'ere ... we would just start take he kidney out . | | CUT to arthur , bedevere , galahad and lancelot . ( garwin , thrstam , hecrot ) | plus all they page . there be riding along sing cheerily . | | knight | we be baby mad and camelot | we nurse and push the pram a lot | in war we be tough and able | quite indefatigable | between we quest we sequin vest | and dress like betty gable | it 's a ... | | second adviser | halt ! | | sir galahad | who be you who dare to halt the knight of king Arthur 's round table | in mid-verse ? | | second adviser | I bring greeting from the court of king Brian . | | sir lancelot | King Brian the wild ? | | second adviser | some call he that , but he 's calm down allot recently . | | sir galahad | be that you kidney ? | | second adviser | ( cover he stomach ) | no no ... it 's nothing - just a flesh wound . | ( the knight look at each other ) | he have herd you beautiful melody ; and wish you to come to he court , | that he may listen at he ease ooh ! | | sir lancelot | you must be joke ! | ( general murmur or agreement from the other knight . ) | go to the court of king Brian the wild and sing close harmony ! | | other knight | no fear etc . | | second adviser | ( in increase pain ) | it need not be close harmony oooh agh ! | | sir galahad | ah but it would get round to close harmony , would not it ? | | second adviser | not necessarily ... as I say king Brian be much more relaxed than | he use to be . | | sir galahad | I mean could we just stick to one line of plainsong with a bit of | straight choral work ? | | second adviser | well obviously he would prefer a bit of close harmony arghhh ! | | knight | ah ! there you be ! | | sir launcelot | we would end un - like the shalott choral Society . | | second adviser | oh that be a accident - honestly he 's so calm now oh ! | | arthur | no we must be on we way . | | they start off . | | second adviser | ( by now lie on the ground at he last gasp but still try to | sound threaten ) | if you do not come and sing for he ... ah ... he will drive ... oh | ... iron spike though you head . | | knight | ah ! that sound more like Brian the wild ! | | second adviser | ( look helplessly at he intestine ) | he ... he ... still get irritable occasionally . | | sir galahad | like with close harmony group . | | second adviser | ooh ... look if you be scared ... | | sir lancelot | we be not scare ! | | second adviser | ( with he last ounce of strength ) | very well ! King Brian challenge you to sing before he in close | harmony ! | | arthur | a challenge ? | | the knight look at each other rather take aback but a idealistic glow | suffuse king arthur 's eye as he look heaven - ward . the other knight | look at he rather fearfully . | | arthur | ( majestacally ) | it be a challenge . we can not refuse . | | sir galahad | King Brian 's a fuck looney . | | second adviser | great ! | ( die ) | | sir galahad | be you all right ? | | CUT to king brian the wild on he dias . he see the knight enter | the arena . | | king brian | ah good ! | | CUT to trumpeter who execute a rather bad fanfare full of miss | note . meanwhile various shot of preparation . | | king brian settling down . | | knight be lead up to the podium . the last of the previous close harmony | group be be load onto a cart and push away by the cart driver | from scene tow ( perhaps we see he be pay off ) | | shot of king brian on he podium and the herald be untied and have | he gag remove . | | shot of arthur and knight get into a group on the podium still | rather nervous . | | the fanfare come to a end , and several wrong note . | | king brian | ( who can not wait ) | right ! carry on gentleman . | | herald | king brian say carry on ! | | arthur | ( wisper ) | all right ... two tenor line - I will take the base . | | they all nod . | | one ... two ... Three ... | | sound of bow be drow very near by . | | arthur look up and frown . | | CUT to reveal a line of twenty archer they all have they leave leg | miss , but they do have two arm . | | they arrow be draw back and point directly at arthur & CO . | | arthur | hold it ! err ... King Brian ! | | herald | ( louder than ever ) | arthur of camelot address thee oh mighty king brian ! | | king brian | ( trueulently ) | what ? | | arthur | what be they for ? | ( indicate the archer ) | | king brian | they ? they be ... just to show you where the audience would be . | | arthur | well we would prefer to do it without a audience . | | king brian | oh you have got to have a audience ! | | herald | king brian the wise and good ruler of this land say you've got to | have a audience ! | | arthur | we would rather give a private recital . | | herald | they say they'd rather give a private recital ! o wise good and just | king brian and not the least bit wild ! | | king brian | ( to himself ) | turd ... | | he nod to the archer who turn and hop smartly off in step . | | one -legged rsm | Left ... Left ... Left , leave , leave , leave | Left ... Left ... Left , leave , leave , leave . | | they hop round behind a long fence and disappear from sight | ( fence need to be about 7 or 9 foot high ) | | king brian | right ! ready when you be . | | herald | king brian be ready ! | | arthur | and ... one ... two ... Three ... four ... | | they be just about to sing when the archer , bow read and arrow point , | peep over the top of the fence . | | hold it ! | | sir gawain | ( sing ) | we be | | Quick flash of archer sense to fire , one tire to hold he shot back but | fail and fire he arrow by accident in the air . | | Quick flash of first adviser who be hang by he nostril from the | high tree in the kingdom , moan , get hit by the arrow . | | king brian | what be it now ? | | arthur | we be not entirely happy with the acoustic . | | herald | they 're not entirely happy with ... | | king brian | ( impatiently ) | oh sod the acoustic ! get on with the sing ! | | herald | king brian say sod the acoustics ! | | arthur | in that case we shall just have to perform elsewhere . | ( turn to he knight and begin to usher they off ) | | herald | they say in that case they shall have to perform elsewhere , o rich , | famous and extremely calm king ! | | king brian | ( get very angry and dribble slightly ) | no ! you have got to sing on the target be - er - convert ... er ... | thing ... | | herald | king brian have stumbled over he word ! what a wonderfully human | incident . | | king brian | do not editorialize ! | | herald | sorry , king . | | king brian | come on you bastard ! sing close harmony ! | | king brian snap he finder and the archer rise above the fence without | any pretence it concealment - fitting arrow into they bow . | | herald | king brian call they bastard and demand to head close harmony ! | what will happen next ? | | king brian | I say do not . | | herald | sorry , King . | | king brian | right ! on the count of three ... one ... | | herald | the king be say one ! | | king brian | two ! | | herald | the king be say two ! they 've only got one left ! | | we hear the sound of bow be draw back . tension mount . the knight | all look pretty grim . the end be clearly pretty near . | | king brian | ( face in a paroxysm of blood - lust ) | Three ! | | herald | three ! | | sound in the distance of beautiful close harmony sing | | " bravely , good sir robin be not at all afraid ... " | | CUT to see sir robin and he minstrel approach from round a corner | of the castle . sir robin walk a few foot in from of the they look | rather embarrassed . | | king brian | ( turn to the sound ) | fantastic ! | | CUT back to robin' minstrel | | " to have he eyeball skewer and he kidney ... argh ! " | | they be suddenly pin-cushion with arrow . | | king brian | ha ! ha ! ha ! ha ! ho ! ho ! ho ! ho ! | oh bloody marvellous ! | | robin turn and look at the decimate remain of he minstrel , surprised | but relieved . | | arthur | Sir Robin ! this way ! | | arthur lead be men off the platform and they be join by they page and | make good they escape . | | king brian | ha ! ha ! ha ! ha ! ha ! ha ! ho ! ho ! ho ! ho ! | | herald | king brian shot the wrong group ! | | king brian | shut up ! | | he swing he sword and slice the herald be head off . | | herald head | ( as it roll away ) | PRESS freedom infringed ! | 28 exterior - beyond forest - day - animation Shots of arthur etc . Riding out of the forest . they leave the forest and they meet launcelot and galahad . voice over and so Arthur and bedevere and Sir Robin set out on they search to find the enchanter of whom the old man have speak in scene twenty - four . Beyond the forest they meet launcelot and galahad , and there be much rejoice . 29 exterior - another landscape - day - animation voice over in the freeze land of nador , they be force to eat Robin 's minstrel ... and there be much rejoice ... a year pass ... montage of shot of the knight . Autumn change into Winter ... Winter change into spring ... spring change back into Autumn and Autumn give Winter and spring a miss and go straight on into summer ... until one day ... 30 exterior - wastes - day the knight be riding along the top of a ridge . the country be wild and inhospitable . suddenly some of they see fire in the distance and ride towards it . as they approach they see a impressive wizard figure stride around conjure up fire from the ground and cause various bush and branch to burst into flame . arthur what manner of man be you that can conjure up fire without flint or tinder ? tim I be a enchanter . arthur look at bedevere . arthur by what name be you know ? tim there be some who call I Tim ? arthur greeting Tim the enchanter ! tim greeting King Arthur . arthur you know my name ? tim I do . ( do another fire trick ) you seek the Holy grail . arthur that be we quest . you know much that be hide o Tim . tim ( do another fire trick ) quite . Ripple of applause from the knight . arthur yes we seek the Holy grail . ( clear throat very quietly ) we quest be to find the Holy grail . one or two knight yes it be . arthur and so we be look for it . knight yes , we be . bedevere we have be for some time . knight yes . robin month . arthur yes ... and obviously any help we get be ... be very ... helpful . galahad do you know where it ... tim do another fire trick . all other knight sssssh ! arthur Fine ... well er ... we must not take up anymore of you time ... I do not suppose ... sorry to sort of keep on about it ... you have not by any chance ... aaah ... any idea where one might find ... a ... aaa ... tim what ? arthur a g...g...g... tim a grail ? they all jump slightly and look about apprehensively . arthur er ... yes ... I think so . all other knight yes . tim yes . knight Fine . robin splendid ! other yes , marvellous . tim look thoughtful and they all stand around a little . then tim produce another fire trick produce several different colour . arthur look , you be a busy man ... tim yes , I can help you with you guest . slight pause . all other knight thank you . yes , thank you very much . tim to the north there lie a cave , the cave of caerbannog , wherein , carve in mystic rune , upon the very live rock , the last word of olfin bedwere of rheged ... there be a thunderclap and a wind start . they knight get nervous . tim ... make plain the last rest place of the most Holy grail . arthur how shall we find this cave , o Tim ? tim follow ! the knight register delight and wheel round on themselves . but follow only if you be man of valour . for the entrance to this cave be guard by a monster , a creature so foul and cruel that no man yet have fight with it and live . Bones of full fifty man lie strewn about its lair ... therefore sweet knight if you may doubt you strength or courage come no further , for death await you all with nasty pointy tooth . + + arthur + what a eccentric performance ! + 31 exterior - day CUT to impressive rock face with cave in it . the knight be ' riding ' towards it . a forebode atmosphere supervene . tim give a signal for quietness . arthur shush the ' horse ' . arthur shhh ! the page decrease the amount of noise they be make with the coconut for a few second . then there be a burst of noise from they include whinnying . bedevere ( to arthur ) they be nervous , sire . arthur then we would best leave they here and carry on on foot . tim take a strange look at they . they walk on leave the page behind . after a few more stride tim halt they with a sign . tim behold the cave of caerbannog ! CUT to shot of cave . Bones litter around . the knight get the wind up partially . a little dry ice , glow green can be see at the entrance . suddenly we become aware of total silence . any noise the knight make sound very exaggerated . they unsheathe they sword . arthur keep I cover . stir among knight . bedevere what with ? arthur just keep I cover . tim too late . arthur what ? tim there he be ! they all turn , , and see a large white rabbit lollop a few yard out of the cave . accompany by terrifying chord and jarring metallic monster noise . arthur where ? tim there . arthur behind the rabbit ? tim it be the rabbit . arthur ... you silly sod . tim what ? arthur you get we all work up . bedevere you cretin ! tim that be not a ordinary rabbit ... ' tis the most foul cruel and bad - tempere thing you ever set eye on . robin you tit . I soile my armour I be so scared ! tim that rabbit 's get a vicious streak . it 's a killer ! galahad | oh , fuck off . + get stuff . tim he will do you up a treat mate ! galahad oh yeah ? robin | you turd ! + mangy scot git ! tim look . I be warning you . robin what 's he do ? nibble you bum ? tim well , it 's get huge ... very sharp ... it can jump a ... look at the bone . arthur go on , bor , chop its head off . bor right . silly little bleeder . one rabbit stew come up . tim look ! as tim point they all spin round to see the rabbit leap at bor ' throat with a appall scream . from a distance of about twenty foot there be a tin open noise , a cry from bor . a quick close - up of a savage rabbit bite through tin and bor ' head fly off . the rabbit leap back to the mouth of the cave and sit there look in the knight ' direction and growl menacingly . arthur je...sus Christ ! tim I warn you ! robin I do it again . tim do I tell you ? do you listen to I ? oh no , no , you know better do not you ? no , it 's just a ordinary rabbit be not it . the name you call I . well , do not say I do not tell you . arthur oh , shut up . tim ( quietly ) it 's always the same ... if I have say it once . arthur charge ! they all charge with sword draw towards the rabbit . a tremendous twenty second fight with peckinpahish shot and borrow heavily also on the kung fu and karate - type film ensue , in which some four knight be comprehensively kill . run away ! run away ! all knight ( take up cry ) run away ! run away ! they run down from the cave and hide , regroup behind some rock . tim , some way away , be point at they and laugh derisively . tim ha ha ha . ha ha ha . arthur who do we lose ? launcelot Sir gawain . galahad ector . arthur and bors. five . + + galahad + Three , sir ! + arthur Three . well , we will not risk another frontal assault . that rabbit 's dynamite . robin would it help to confuse he if we run away more . arthur shut up . go and change you armour . robin leave , walk strangely . galahad let we taunt it . it may become so cross that it will make a mistake . arthur like what ? galahad cannot find a suitable answer to this . galahad do we have any bow ? arthur no . launcelot we have the Holy Hand grenade . robin the what ? arthur the Holy Hand grenade of Antioch . ' tis one of the sacred relic brother maynard always carry with he . all yes . of course . arthur ( shouting ) bring up the Holy Hand grenade ! slight pause . then from the area where the ' horse ' be , a small group of monk process forward towards the knight , the lead monk bear and ornate golden reliquary , and the accompany monk chant and wave incense . they reach the knight . the hand grenade be suffuse with the holy glow . arthur take it . pause arthur how do it ... er ... launcelot I know not . arthur consult the Book of armament . brother maynard armament chapter two verse nine to twenty one . another monk ( read from bible ) and St. attila raise he hand grenade up on high say " o Lord bless this thy hand grenade that with it thou mayest blow thine enemy to tiny bit , in thy mercy . " and the Lord do grin and people do feast upon the lamb and sloth and carp and anchovy and orang -utan and breakfast cereal and fruit bat and ... brother maynard skip a bit brother ... another monk ... er ... oh , yes ... and the Lord spake , say , " first shalt thou take out the Holy pin , then shalt thou count to three , no more , no less . Three shalt be the number thou shalt count , and the number of the count shalt be three . four shalt thou not count , neither count thou two , except that thou then proceed to three . five be right out . once the number three , be the third number , be reach , then lobbest thou thy Holy Hand grenade of Antioch towards thou foe , who be naughty in my sight , shall snuff it . arthur right . he pull pin out . the monk bless the grenade as ... arthur ( quietly ) one , two | , three ... + , five ... + + galahad + Three , sir ! + + arthur + Three . + arthur throw the grenade at the rabbit . there be a explosion and cheer from the knight . all knight praise be to the lord . huzzah ! 32 interior - cave - day mix through to the knight enter the cave . it be a large cave and as they walk inside it we see in the darkness at the side of the cave a fearsome look creature which watch they with some surprise as they walk to some write carve on the back of the cave wall . the knight be accompany by brother maynard . arthur there ! look ! bedevere what do it say ? galahad what language be this ? bedevere brother maynard , you be a scholar . brother maynard it be aramaic ! galahad of course . Joseph of aramathea ! all of course . arthur what do it say ? brother maynard it read ... " here may be find the last word of Joseph of aramathea . " excitement . " he who be valorous and pure of heart may find the Holy grail in the aaaaarrrrrrggghhh ... " arthur what ? brother maynard " the aaaaarrrrrrggghhh ... " bedevere what 's that ? brother maynard he must have die while carve it . bedevere oh , come on . brother maynard that 's what it say . arthur ( miming ) but if he be die , he would not bother to carve " aaaaarrrrrrggghhh " . he would just say it . brother maynard it 's down there carve in stone . galahad perhaps he be dictating . arthur shut up . be that all it say ? brother maynard that 's all . " aaaaarrrrrrggghhh " . arthur " aaaaarrrrrrggghhh " . bedevere do you think he mean the camargue ? galahad where 's that ? bedevere France , I think . launcelot be not there a St. aaaaarrrrrrggghhh 's in cornwall ? arthur no , that 's Saint ive . a muffle roar be hear . | | robin | hey ! | | bedevere | no , that 's in herefordshire . | | robin | ( more urgently ) | no ... hey !!! | | launcelot | " aaaaarrrrrrggghhh ... " | | robin | no ! " hey " ! be surprise and alarm ! + + bedevere + oooooh ! + + launcelot + no " aaaaarrrrrrggghhh ... " at the back of the throat . + + bedevere + no ! " oooooh ! " in surprise and alarm ! + he indicate the entrance of the cave . they all turn and look . there in the open be a huge , unpleasant , fairly well draw cartoon beast . arthur oh ! galahad my God ! launcelot what be it ? bedevere I know ! I know ! I know ! arthur what ? bedevere it 's the ... oh ... ( snap he finger as he try to remember ) it 's the ... it 's on the tip of my tongue ... another hideous roar . that 's it ! arthur what ? bedevere it 's the legendary Black Beast of aaaaarrrrrrggghhh ! | | at that moment there be a yell and a scream out of vision . arthur turn . | | arthur | who be that ? | | hector | ( from back of group ; northern and helpful ) | it be Sir alf . | | arthur | I do not know we have a Sir alf . | | hector | he be feed it bread . | | arthur | ( shouting back ) | well , that be a very silly thing to do . now the rest of you stand | well back from the black beast of aaaaarrrrrrggghhh ! | | hector | aaaaarrrrrrggghhh ! | | robin | look out . | | the animation monster start lumber towards they . the knight retreat | into the darkness of the cave . | | gawain | ( as they run ) | it 's only a cartoon . | | arthur | sh! they run off . darkness . the monster lumber through on animation . + voice over + as the horrendous Black Beast lung forward , escape for Arthur + and he knight seem hopeless , when , suddenly ... the animator + suffer a fatal heart attack . + + animator + aaaaagh ! + + voice over + the cartoon peril be no more ... the quest for Holy grail + could continue . animated sequence . lead through to the group reappearing and see a distant open to the cave . they reach the open . it be day . 33 exterior - day the knight emerge from the mouth of the cave to find themselves in a breathtaking , barren landscape . glencoe . they be half they way up the side of a mountain . they rest a few second and get they breath back . | | galahad | look ! | + galahad + there it be ! + + arthur + the Bridge of death ! + + robin + ( to himself ) + oh! great ... | | they look and see on the side of the mountain there be a sort of milestone | which bear the word : " aaaaarrrrrrggghhh ! 5 mile " and a arrow . | | arthur | God be praise . this must be the gorge of which the old man speak | in scene twenty - four . | | the knight set off along and rather perilous track edging along | the side of the mountain . galahad be lead . | | mix through they be climb higher . the path get more and more | slippery and dangerous . they reach another milestone which say : | " aaaaarrrrrrggghhh ! 4 mile " and a arrow , and " ni! 82 mile " and | a arrow point in the opposite direction . they go on . it be | dangerous and difficult . tension in they face . | | as they be climb , bedevere turn to robin and arthur . | | bedevere | we must find the bridge ... the Bridge of death ... | | robin | ( to himself ) | oh , great ! | | bedevere | the Bridge be guard by a bridgekeeper , who ask each traveller | three question . and he who answer the three question can | cross in safety . | | robin | ( warily ) | and if you get a question wrong ? | | bedevere | you be cast into the gorge of eternal peril . | |34 exterior - day | | CUT to they struggle along . perhaps downhill now . it be grow misty . | sir launcelot stop they and point . they peer . | | CUT to see in the mist ... a weird bridge with mist swirl up from the | gorge below . we can not see the other side . | | beside the bridge a old man stand , he be the blind soothsayer they | meet earlier in the forest . | | arthur | ( to bedevere ) | he 's the keeper of the Bridge . it 's the old man . | | bedevere | ( swallow hard ) | who 's go to answer the question ? | | arthur | you go , Robin , and God be with you . | | robin | ( look round wildly ) | er ... I tell you what - | ( lowering voice ) | why do not launcelot go ? | | arthur | ( consider a moment ) | very well ... Sir launcelot . brave Sir launcelot . this be the Bridge | of death ... | | launcelot | oh , yes sir ... I will take it single-handed . | ( draw he sword ) | I will ... | | arthur restrain he . | | arthur | no , hang on . all we want be for you to approach the old man | and he will ask you three question . answer that question as | best you can , and we will watch ... and pray . | | launcelot | yes , my liege ... | | arthur | good luck , brave Sir launcelot ! be careful ... | | they shake hand , Arthur 's eye moisten . launcelot approach the | Bridge of death . | | arthur | listen to the question . + + bedevere + look ! it 's the old man from scene 24 - what 's he do here ? + + arthur + he be the keeper of the Bridge . he ask each traveler five question ...+ + galahad + Three question . + + arthur + Three question ... he who answer the five question + + galahad + Three question . + + arthur + Three question , may cross in safety . + + robin + ( warily ) + and if you get a question wrong ? + + arthur + you be cast into the gorge of eternal peril . + + robin + oh ... wacho ! + + galahad + who 's go to answer the question ? + + arthur + Sir Robin , brave Sir Robin you go . + + robin + hey ! I have get a great idea ! + why do not launcelot go ? + + launcelot + yes . let I . I will take it single -hande ... + I will make feint to the north -east ... + + arthur + no , hang on ! just answer the five question ... + + galahad + Three question ... + + arthur + Three question ... and we shall watch ... and pray . + + launcelot + I understand , my liege . + + arthur + good luck , brave Sir launcelot ... God be with you . + + launcelot approach the bridgekeeper . + bridgekeeper stop ! sir launcelot stop . the knight watch anxiously . arthur sniff briefly and glance momentarily down at sir robin 's lower armour . bridgekeeper who approach the Bridge of death must answer I this question three ! ere the other side he see . launcelot ask I the question , bridgekeeper . I be not afraid . bridgekeeper what be you name ? launcelot my name be Sir launcelot . bridgekeeper what be you quest ? launcelot to find the Holy grail . bridgekeeper what be you favorite colour ? launcelot Blue . bridgekeeper right . off you go . sir launcelot run across into the mist . the bridge perhaps disappear into the mist and we can not see the other side . arthur and sir robin exchange glance . robin breathes a great sigh of relief . robin that 's easy ! bridgekeeper stop ! who approacheth the Bridge of death must answer I this question three ! ere the other side he see ! robin ask I the question , bridgekeeper . I be not afraid . bridgekeeper what be you name ? robin my name be Sir Robin of camelot ! bridgekeeper what be you quest ? robin to seek the grail ! bridgekeeper what be the capital of assyria ? robin ( indignantly ) I do not know that ! he be immediately hurl by some unseen force over the edge of the precipice . robin aaaaarrrrrrggghhh ! 35 exterior - day CUT to sir launcelot who be only just arrive on the other side . he look back across the invisible chasm . dimly in the distance he hear : gawain ( out of vision ) Sir gawain of camelot ! bridgekeeper ( oov ) what be you quest ? gawain ( oov ) to seek the Holy grail . | | bridgekeeper ( oov ) | what go : black white ... black white ... black white ? | | gawain ( oov ) | oh , er ... Babylon ! er ... aaaaarrrrrrggghhh ! | | sir launcelot stand on the other side of the bridge . in the | distance we hear the ritual of question and then a scream and thud , | suddenly a hand land on launcelot 's shoulder . | | policeman ( voice over ) | just want to ask you some question , sir . | | launcelot turn and react . he be lead away . | | |36 exterior - lake - day | | CUT to arthur , galahad and bedevere struggle towards the lake . | | bedevere | ( to arthur ) | how do you know how many wing - beat a swallow need to | maintain velocity ? | | arthur | oh ... when you be king you know all that thing . + + bridgekeeper + what be you favorite colour ? + + gawain + Blue ... no yelloooooww ! + + arthur and bedevere step forward . + + bridgekeeper + what be you name ? + + arthur + it be Arthur , King of the briton . + + bridgekeeper + what be you quest ? + + arthur + to seek the Holy grail . + + bridgekeeper + what be the air-speed velocity of a unladen swallow ? + + arthur + what do you mean ? a African or european swallow ? + + bridgekeeper + er ... I do not know that ... aaaaarrrrrrggghhh ! + + bridgekeeper be cast into the gorge . + + bedevere + how do you know so much about swollow ? + + arthur + well you have to know this thing when you be a king , you know . + suddenly they appear at water 's edge . they look across the water . a huge expanse disappear into the mist . how can they cross ? suddenly the air be fill with ethereal music , and out of the mist appear a wonderful barge silently and slowly drift towards they . they gaze in wonder . the mysterious boat come to where they be stand . as if bewitch , they find themselves draw closer | to the boat . as they be about to step in , a rag figure look | up at they . | | boatkeeper | ( he be the same as the bridgekeeper and the soothsayer ) | he who would cross the Sea if fate | must answer I | this question twenty - eight . | | he fix they with a baleful eye , arthur and bedevere exchange glance , | then turn , with mind make up , pick he up bodily and throw he in the | water . they climb into the boat and the boat move off into the mist | | fade out | | |37 animation | | a wondrous journey in animation carry they across the lake . | | mix to 38 exterior - day the boat carry they across a magical lake . they land and get out of the boat , they face suffuse with heavenly radiance , and fall to they knee . crescendo on music . arthur God be praise ! the death of many find knight have this day be avenge . Music swell . they bend they head in prayer , before the castle for which they have searched for so long . suddenly a voice come from the battlement . Music cut dead . frog ha ha ! hello ! smelly English k...nigget ... and monsieur Arthur King , who have the brain of a duck , you know . the knight look up . frog we french person outwit you a second time , perfidious English mousedrop hoarder ... how you say : " begorrah ! " arthur stand and shout . arthur how dare you profane this place with you presence ! I command you , in the name of the Knights of camelot , open the door to the Sacred Castle , to which God himself have guide we ! ( he turn to the knight ) come . arthur and the knight advance towards the castle . frog how you English say : I one more time , mac , I unclog my nose towards you , son of a window - dresser , so , you think you could out - clever we french fellow with you silly knee - bent creep about advance behaviour . ( blow a raspberry ) I wave my private part at you aunty , you brightly - coloured , mealy - temple , cranberry - smell , electric donkey - bottom biter . by this time arthur and bedevere and galahad have reach the door . arthur bang on the door . arthur in the name of the Lord , we demand entrance to this sacred castle . jeer from the battlement . frog no chance , English bed -wetting type . we burst we pimple at you , and call you door-open request a silly thing . you tiny - brain wiper of other people 's bottom ! french laughter arthur if you do not open this door , we will take this castle by force ... a bucket of slop land on arthur . he try to retain he dignity . arthur in the name of God ... and the glory of we ... another bucket of what can only be describe as human ordure hit arthur . ... right ! ( to the knight ) that settles it ! they turn and walk away . french jeer follow they . frog yes , depart a lot at this time , and cut the approach any more or we fire arrow into the top of you head and make castanet of you testicles already . arthur ( to knight ) walk away . just ignore they . arthur , bedevere and galahad walk off . a small hail of chicken , watercress , badger and mattress follow they . but they be on they dignity as they try to talk nonchalantly as they walk away into the tree . frog and now remain go , illegitimate - face bugger - folk ! and , if you think you get a nasty time this taunting , you be not hear nothing yet , dappy k...niggets , and A. King esquire . | CUT back to the drench bridgekeeper / soothsayer beside the lake he | rise up into shot . | | bridgekeeper | he would cross the sea of fate , | must answer I this question | twenty -eight . | | CUT to see he be talk to two plain - clothes policemen and two | constable . | | inspector | all right , put he in the van . | | the bridgekeeper be lead away and put into a police van . | CUT back to arthur still walk away . french taunt still audible in the distance . french you could not catch clap in a brothel , silly English k...nigget ... arthur ( to bedevere ) we shall attack at once . bedevere yes , my liege . ( he turn ) stand by for attack !! CUT to enormous army form up . trebuchets , row of pikemen , siege tower , pennant fly , shout of " stand by for attack ! " traditional army build - up shot . the shout echo across the rank of the army . we see various group reacting , and stir themselves in readiness . arthur who be they ? bedevere oh , just some friend ! we end up back with arthur . he seem satisfied that the army be ready . panning down the serried rank , pike ready , pennant flap in the wind . some of the horse whinny nervously , and rattle they coconut . arthur be satisfied at last . he address the castle . arthur french person ! today the blood of many valiant knight shall bee avenge . in the name of God , we shall not stop we fight until each one of you lie dead and the grail return to that whom God have choose . arthur lower he visor , turn to have a last look at army , then : charge ! the mighty army charge . thunder noise of foot . clatter of coconut . shout etc . the charge towards the castle . suddenly there be a wail of a siren and a couple of police car roar round in front of the charge army and the police leap out and stop they . two policeman and the historian wife . Black marias skid up behind they . the army halt . historian wife they be the one , I be sure . inspector end of film grab them ! the police grab arthur and bundle he into the maria . sir bedevere be lead off with a blanket over he head . they be bundle into the black maria and the van drive off . the rest of the army stand around look at a loss . inspector end of film ( pick up megaphone ) all right ! clear off ! go on ! a few reaction shot of the army not quite sure what to do . inspector end of film move along . there 's nothing to see ! keep move ! suddenly he notice the camera . as the black maria drive away quick shot through window of all the knight huddle inside . inspector end of film ( to camera ) all right , put that away sonny . he walk over to it and put he hand over the lens . the film run out through the gate and the projector shine on the screen . there be a blank screen for some fifteen second . | | suddenly jazzy music . animate title . ( a new film completely free | with the monty python film . ) | | | " the credit " | | four of five minute film ( mainly animated ) about the credit , i.e it | include the actual credit for the film but be really elaborate . | | | the end | + + slushy organ music start and the houselight in the cinema come on ... + organ music continue as the audience leave . + ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- cast list : graham chapman played : king arthur . hiccoughing guard , three -headed knight JOHN cleese played : second soldier with a keen interest in bird , large man with dead body , black knight , mr newt ( a village blacksmith interested in burning witch ) , a quite extraordinarily rude frenchman , tim the wizard , sir launcelot terry gilliam played : patsy ( arthur' trusty steed ) , the GREEN knight soothsayer , bridgekeeper , sir gawain ( the first to be kill by the rabbit ) eric idle played : the dead collector , mr bint ( a village ne'er -do - well very keen on burning witch ) , sir robin , the guard who doesn't hicough but tries to get thing straight , concorde ( sir launcelot be trusty steed ) , roger the shrubber ( a shrubber ) , brother maynard neil innes played : the first self-destructive monk , robin' least favorite minstrel , the page crushed by a rabbit , the owner of a duck terry jone played : dennis' mother , sir bedevere , three -headed knight , prince herbert michael palin played : 1st soldier with a keen interest in bird , dennis , mr duck ( a village carpenter who be almost keener than anyone else to burn witch ) , three - head knight , sir galahad , king of swamp castle , brother maynard be roomate connie booth played : the witch carol cleveland played : zoot and dingo bee duffell played : old crone to whom king arthur say " NI ! " JOHN young played : the dead body that claim it isn 't , and the historian who isn 't a.j.p . taylor at all rita davie played : the historian who isn 't a.j.p . taylor ( honestly ) be wife sally kinghorn played : either winston or piglet avril stewart played : either piglet or winston ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- python ( monty ) picture lot registered address : 20 fitzroy Square , London w1p6 bb registerd number 1138069 England August 5th , 1974 . dear Mike , the censor 's representative , tony kerpel , come along to Friday 's screen at twinkenham and he give up he opinion of the film 's probale certificate . he think the film will be aa , but it would be possible , give some dialogue cut , to make the film a a rating , which would increase the audience . ( aa be 14 and over , and a be 5 - 14 ) . for a ' a ' we would have to : lose as may shit as possible take Jesus Christ out , if possible loose " I fart in you general direction " lose " the oral sex " lose " oh , fuck off " lose " we make castanet out of you testicles " I would like to get back to the censor and agree to lose the shit , take the odd Jesus Christ out and lose oh fuck off , but to retain ' fart in you general direction ' , ' castanet of you testicles ' and ' oral sex ' and ask he for a ' a ' rating on that basis . please let I know as soon as possible you attitude to this . your sincerely , Mark forstater -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- .