moonrise kingdom written by wes Anderson &amp ; Roman coppola May 1 , 2011 int . bishop' house . day a landing at the top of a crooked , wooden staircase . there be a threadbare , braid rug on the floor . there be a long , wide corridor decorate with fade painting of sailboat and battleship . the wallpaper be sun-bleach and peel at the corner except for a few newly -hung strip which be clean and bright . a small easel sit store in the corner . outside , a hard rain fall , drum the roof and rattling the gutter . a ten-year- old boy in pajamas come up the step carefully eat a bowl of cereal as he walk . he be lionel . lionel slide open the door to a low cabinet under the window . he take out a portable record player , put a disc on the turntable , and set the needle into the spin groove . a child 's voice say over the speaker : record player ( v.o . ) in order to show you how a big symphony orchestra be put together , Benjamin britten have write a big piece of music , which be make up of smaller piece that show you all the separate part of the orchestra . as lionel listen , three other child wander out of they bedroom and down to the landing . the first be a eight - year - old boy in a bathrobe . he be Murray . the second be a nine- year- old boy in white boxer short and a white undershirt . he be rudy . the third be a twelve - year- old girl in a cardigan sweater with knee- high sock and brightly polished , patent - leather shoe . she be suzy . she carry a one- month - old stripe kitten . the boy drop down to the floor next to they brother . they lie on they stomach with they chin propped up on they fist , listen . suzy sit in the windowsill . she open a book call shelly and the secret Universe . there be a illustration on the cover of a young gymnast with a glow amulet around she neck . suzy start to read -- then pause . she lower she book . she raise a pair of junior binocular to she eye . she look out into the rain . 2 . ext . bishop' house . day a rickety , three - story , stone - and - shingle house on a hillside with turret and a widow 's walk . a weather vane swing creak on the roof . Tree top sway in a cluster below . the sea be almost invisible in the mist rain , and the mainland be a shadow across the sound . suzy sit in the high window , watch . title over : the family stick indoors all day out of the rain . in bedroom , bathroom , and corridor , we see the boy . they shoot marble . they throw jack . they play card . they eat grill cheese sandwich together in the kitchen . in half - open doorway , we see the parent . Mr. Bishop be a tall , fifty - year - old man in madras trousers and horn-rimmed glass . he read the newspaper and drink coffee . Mrs. Bishop be a tan , forty - five - year - old woman in a lilly pulitzer - type wrap -around skirt . she wash she hair , topless , in the kitchen sink . in window , we see suzy with she binocular . she watch wet branch shaking in the wood . she watch a man in a slicker fishing from a row-boat . she watch a white colt in a field . she eat a bowl of tomato soup alone in the pantry . in the distance , a seaplane fly by below the cloud . CUT to : the edge of a cliff above a white beach . a rocky peninsula curl into the background . brisk wind rustle the tall grass . a fifty - year- old man , bald on top with long hair on the side , stand next to a surveyor 's levelling instrument on a tripod . he wear rubber boot and a parka . he be the narrator . he speak to the camera : narrator this be the island of New penzance . sixteen mile long . forested with old - growth pine and maple . criss - cross by shallow tidal creek . a important seabird habitat . there be no paved road but instead many mile of intersect foot path and dirt trail and a ferry that run twice daily from Stone cove . the year be 1965 . we be on the far edge of Black beacon sound , famous for the ferocious and well - document storm which will strike from the east on the fifth of September -- in three day 's time . 3. ext . scout camp . day a clear in the wood with ten small , khaki tent pitch in a row . a banner on a flag - pole ripple in the wind . it read Camp ivanhoe . a bugler in a khaki uniform with a yellow neckerchief play a staccato tattoo . he have a gauze patch over one eye . he be lazy - Eye . a thirty - five - year- old man in the same uniform emerge through the flap of a larger tent . he be scout master Ward . he put on a wide - brimm feel hat . a badge on the crown read khaki scout , troop 55 . he light a cigarette . a thin scout with curly hair and sunglass join he at he side . he be gadge . scout master ward Morning , gadge . gadge Morning , sir . gadge flip open a small , spiral - bound note-book . scout master Ward go over to a latrine make from thick stick and rope . a tall , stoop scout dig a trench next to it with a army -shovel . he be deluca . scout master ward deluca . latrine inspection . deluca stop digging . he pull on a rope and water run down a chute . it burst through a valve , spin a little door , and a small , red flag flip up . scout master Ward nod . scout master ward good . gadge make a note . scout master Ward stride away . he stop in front of a scout with long hair over he eye sit on a stump twist something in he finger . he be Roosevelt . scout master ward Roosevelt . how 's that lanyard come ? roosevelt ( frustrate ) I do not know . I think I skip a stitch . insert : a small , woven , multi-color cord with a rabbit 's foot attach to the end of it . it have be braid exceedingly badly and be brutally twisted and misshapen . 4. scout master Ward study the lanyard briefly . he look perplex . he pat Roosevelt on the back gently and do a secret handshake with he . gadge make a note . scout master Ward stride away . a off-road motorcycle race by in the background behind the tent . it jump a mound of dirt , kick sideways in the air , and revs away riding a wheelie . scout master Ward frown . scout master Ward stop in front of a pile of board and log stack six foot high . a thick - set scout with black hair and a crooked tooth approach with more log in he arm . he be skotak . scout master ward skotak . what 's all this lumber for ? skotak ( cheerily ) we be building a tree house . skotak point up . scout master Ward squint . there be a small platform under construction about sixty foot above they . two scout be saw something in half on it . scout master Ward look astonished . scout master ward that 's not a safe altitude . scout master Ward circle around the trunk while look up at the tree house . he stammer : scout master ward why 's it up so high ? if somebody fall -- it 's a guarantee death . skotak well , where would you have build it ? scout master ward ( pause ) lower ! gadge make a note . skotak look sheepish . scout master Ward stride away . he stop in front of a very small scout with tiny eye poke at a anthill with a stick . he appear to be contemplate pour lighter fluid on it . he be nickleby . scout master ward nickleby . Spot check . nickleby stand up . he look extremely dishevel . 5 . scout master ward you sock be down . you shirt - tail be untucked . you trousers be not properly press . you be report for uniform violation ! gadge make a note . nickleby slouches . scout master Ward stride away . he stop in front of a work - bench cover with newspaper where one scout sift green powder through a funnel into cardboard tube and another make wax stopper with a metal press . they be panagle and izod . a sign on the side of the table read no smoke . scout master Ward hand he cigarette to gadge , who hold it away at arm 's length . scout master ward how many rocket you up to , panagle ? panagle sixteen and a half . scout master ward ( to gadge ) that enough for the Jubilee ? gadge shake he head . scout master Ward turn to izod . scout master ward izod , go fetch another pint of gun- powder from the armory shed . izod dash around the corner . scout master Ward stride away . he shout : scout master ward redford ! halt ! the motorcycle skid to a stop in front of scout master Ward , engulf he in a thick cloud of dust . he cough and wave he arm in the air . as the smoke clear , we see that the rider be a bronze , all - american - look boy with blond hair . he be redford . his motorcycle have flame paint on the gas tank . he try to cover for himself : redford Safety - test , sir . scout master ward ( bristling ) come again ? redford the vehicle appear to be in good work order . I be just check if -- 6 . scout master ward ( angrily ) reckless cycle . second warning . next time , I take away the key . gadge make a note . redford scowl . scout master Ward stride away . he walk past a scout in a white apron cooking bacon over a charcoal grill . he be chef . scout master ward Morning , chef . chef ring a bell hang on a post . scout master Ward arrive at a long picnic table . he sit down and open a magazine call indian corn . there be a picture on the cover of a scout troop crossing a bridge in Indonesia . insert : the first page . a caption across the top read scout master - in - Chief . there be a draw of a seventy - year - old man on horseback . he have silver hair and a moustache . a signature below read Commander pierce . there be a quotation in large text : " a eagle be never hatched from a goose 's egg . " as scout master Ward read , all the scout begin to join he one - by-one . they range in age from twelve to fifteen . they unscrew the top of tin mess -kit and assemble fold utensil . the chef bring a tray of scramble egg to the table . the scout serve themselves noisily . scout master Ward start to take a sip of coffee from a metal cup -- then stop . he look up from he magazine . scout master ward who 's miss ? scout master Ward silently reel off a list of name , scan the troop . he turn and shout across the camp : scout master ward shakusky ! Breakfast ! silence . scout master Ward call to lazy - Eye : scout master ward lazy -eye . lazy - Eye play another tattoo . silence . scout master Ward close he magazine . he flick he cigarette into a red bucket label Fire . he pick up a strip of bacon and chew on it as he rise to he foot and walk down the row of smaller tent . the last one be seal 7. at the front . scout master Ward stand with he hand on he hip and say : scout master ward shakusky ? you in there ? scout master Ward tug on the tent 's flap . he frown . he say to gadge : scout master ward it 's zipped from the inside . the other scout begin to gather with they tin breakfast plate in they hand , watch curiously while they eat . scout master Ward 's voice soften : scout master ward Sam ? scout master Ward look concerned . he produce a wooden - handle scout pocket- knife . he unfold a few blade and gadget and decide quickly on a thin tool with a hook on the end . he crouch down and slip the hook through a small gap at the base of the flap , twist leave and right , then pull up briskly , unzipping the tent . int . scout tent . day the lining of the tent be print with image of tree and pine cone , and a plaid rug cover the floor . there be a foot locker , a gas lamp , a chair with a fold blanket over it , and a empty cot . scout master Ward step inside slowly , bent over , examine the space . he lift the lid of the foot locker . he look under the corner of the mattress . he pick up a piece of fold yellow notebook paper stick out from under a pillow . he open it and stare at it . he turn suddenly to the chair against the wall of the tent and slide it aside . there be neat but slightly jag hole the size of a basketball cut through the fabric in the back corner . scout master Ward look to he stare troop . scout master ward jiminy cricket . he fly the coop . ext . police station . day a one-room bungalow with a sign on the door that read Island Police . there be a wood - panell station wagon park alongside it with roller - light on the roof and a sheriff 's office insignia on the door . ( this be the only car on the island . ) a dock stretch from the cottage into a small 8. harbor . there be a launch moor at the end of it which bob in the rough tide . a silver airstream trailer be park under a tree nearby . a six - foot tall , forty - five - year - old man sit on a stool fishing from the side of the dock . he wear a short - sleeve police uniform with a black necktie and a baseball cap . his glass have clear , plastic frame and a strap . he be Captain sharp . two grouchy , leathery , very old man in plaid flannel and hunt cap fish alongside Captain sharp . a speaker on a post emit a electric buzz . Captain sharp turn . he stand up briskly and say to one of the old man : captain sharp watch my line , Edgar . int . police station . day a small office with a desk , a file cabinet , and a two - way radio . Captain sharp come inside , sit down , grab a microphone , and press a red button on the side of it with he thumb . captain sharp hello ? this be Captain sharp . over . scout master Ward 's voice come over a crackly speaker : scout master ward ( v.o . ) Captain sharp , this be randall Ward over at Camp ivanhoe . over . Captain sharp pour himself a cup of coffee from a pot on a hot -plate as he answer distractedly : captain sharp Morning , Randy . what can I do for you ? over . scout master ward ( v.o . ) I be not sure , exactly . I have get a escape khaki scout . over . silence . Captain sharp frown slightly . captain sharp what do that mean ? over . scout master ward ( v.o . ) one of my boy seem to have steal a dig - out and some fishing tackle , ten pound ( more ) 9 . scout master ward ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) of sundry , two bedroll , plus a air rifle -- and disappear . over . Captain sharp slowly stir sugar into he coffee as he contemplate this . he say finally : captain sharp any idea why ? over . scout master ward ( v.o . ) no . he leave I a letter of resignation . over . insert : a sheet of wide - rule yellow paper which read in a boy 's penciled scrawl : dear scout master Ward , I be very sad to inform you I can no longer be involved with the khaki scout of North America . the rest of the troop will probably be glad to hear this . it be not you fault . best wish , Sam shakusky . Captain sharp scratch he head . he check he watch . pause . captain sharp I guess we better notify he folk . over . scout master ward ( v.o . ) ok . over and out . ext . post office . day a clapboard cottage surround by a white , picket fence . a sign on the door read U.S. mail . Captain 's sharp station wagon be park in the background . int . post office . day a young woman with she hair in a bun sit at a operator 's switchboard eat a sandwich wrap in wax - paper . she be Becky . she wear bulky head - phone with a microphone attach . Captain sharp pace behind she . scout master Ward flip through a stack of letter and post card . a bell ring on the switchboard . Becky plug cord into socket . becky hello , Diane . 10 . operator ( v.o . ) Becky , I have you person- to- person from chesterfield . becky hold the line , please . Becky signal to Captain sharp and scout master Ward . they sit down quickly and put on they own set of operator head - phone . becky go ahead , chesterfield . CUT to : split-screen . on one side of the frame , we see Captain sharp , scout master Ward , and Becky . on the other side , we see a seventy - five - year- old man with a grizzle face sit at a kitchen table drink coffee and smoking a cigarette while a white - haire woman ice a cake in the background . they be Mr. and Mrs. billingsley . Mr. billingsley say into he telephone : mr. billingsley hello ? captain sharp hello , sir . this be Captain sharp . mr. billingsley yes , sir . I receive you message . thank you very much . in fact , we have come to a decision , as a family , because this be only the most recent incident involve Sam 's trouble , and it 's just not fair to the other , so , unfortunately -- we can not invite he back , at this time . Captain sharp , scout master Ward , and Becky all look puzzle . Captain sharp say evenly : captain sharp there 's no cause for alarm , sir . we will find he . we be just notify you as a matter of protocol and so on . mr. billingsley I understand that . I be notify you of the situation on my end . captain sharp I be confuse by that statement . you can not invite he back ? 11 . mr. billingsley I be afraid not . he 's a good boy , he 's get a good heart , but it 's just not fair to the other , you see ? he 's emotionally disturb . Long pause . no one move except Mrs. billingsley icing she cake . Captain sharp say finally : captain sharp be I speak to Sam 's father ? Mr. billingsley frown . he say , surprised : mr. billingsley no , sir . Sam 's parent pass away a number of year ago . we be Mr. and Mrs. billingsley . we be foster parent . Sam 's be with we since last June . Mrs. billingsley have stop icing she cake . she watch Mr. billingsley . scout master Ward interject : scout master ward Excuse I , sir . this be scout master Ward speak . be you imply Sam 's a orphan ? mr. billingsley well , it 's a know fact . of course , he be . scout master ward why the hell do not it say that in the register ? Excuse my language . scout master Ward hold up a manila file - card . Mr. billingsley shrug . mr. billingsley I do not know . what register ? insert : the manila file -card . it be label khaki scout Register . Sam shakusky be type across the top line . there be a address , health information , and a small , fade snap - shot staple to the corner of it of a twelve - year - old boy stand in a sunny tobacco field . he wear he scout uniform with a davy crockett-style coon-skin cap . mr. billingsley we send he a letter . it should reach you presently . 12 . scout master Ward look quickly through he stack of letter . he stop and pull out a air-mail envelope . he stare at it . Captain sharp say forcefully but highly agitate : captain sharp Mr. billingsley , I have get a escape khaki scout . we be notify you as a matter of protocol . you say you can not invite he back ? you say he 's a orphan ? well , I do not understand how that work . ( totally confuse ) what be I suppose to do with he ? mr. billingsley that 's up to Social service . they will be in touch with you . they will look after Sam . good luck to you . Mr. billingsley hang up the telephone . Becky pull the cord out of they socket . Captain sharp look to scout master Ward . silence . Becky open a tin of home - make chocolate chip cookie . Captain sharp decline one . scout master Ward try one . he look very impressed . ext . scout camp . day scout master Ward stand on a bench address he assemble troop . the scout be equip for hike with back - pack and walk - stick . scout master ward you have you order . use the orienteer and path-find skill you have be practice all summer . let 's find we man and bring he safely back to camp . remember : this be not just a search party , it 's a chance to do some first - class scout . any question ? lazy - Eye raise he hand . scout master Ward point to he . scout master ward lazy -eye . lazy - eye what 's you real job , sir ? scout master ward ( caught off - guard ) I be a math teacher . 13 . lazy - eye what grade ? scout master ward ( stiffening ) eighth . why ? lazy - Eye shrug . scout master Ward frown . scout master ward you know , we be , actually , kind of , in the middle of something , if you do not notice . this be a crisis . anybody else ? redford raise he hand . scout master Ward point to he . scout master ward redford . redford what if he resist ? scout master ward ( hesitate ) who ? redford shakusky . be we allow to use force on he ? scout master ward ( irritate ) no , you be not . this be a non-violent rescue effort . you instruction be to find he , not to hurt he . under any circumstance . do I make myself understand ? the scout murmur they understanding . scout master Ward nod . scout master ward good . pause . scout master Ward wheel back to lazy - Eye : scout master ward I be go to change my answer , in fact . this be my real job . scout master , troop 55 . that 's we . I be proud of that . the scout look impressed but slightly lose . scout master Ward say finally : 14 . scout master ward be leery out there . ok , let 's get start . where 's snoopy ? skotak right here . skotak hold up a leash attach to a wire - haire terrier . scout master Ward take a sock with a fleur- de - lis on it out of a paper sack . scout master ward give he the scent . scout master Ward hand the sock to skotak . CUT to : redford , deluca , nickleby , lazy - Eye , and gadge at the back of the group talk under they breath while skotak wave the sock under the dog 's nose : lazy - eye I hear he run away because he family die . gadge I hear he never have any family in the first place . deluca that 's probably why he 's crazy . redford I will tell you one thing : if we find he , I be not go to be the one who forget to bring a weapon . nickleby I , neither . montage : the troop move in a wide line search through a thicket of skinny tree . redford carry a net and a giant tomahawk in a sling . deluca have a large hunt knife tuck under he belt . panagle hold a walk stick with a cluster of nail stick out on the end of it . nickleby , izod , and lazy - Eye all wear bow and quiver of arrow strapped to they back . the wire - haire terrier strain at the end of a leash , sniff down a foot-path . 15 . scout master Ward speed up the river in a small boat with a out - board motor . he give order over a walkie-talkie . gadge steer . Captain sharp stand on the doorstep of various big house show the snap - shot of the miss scout to : a elderly woman , a house - keeper , a group of child , a priest . they all shake they head . Captain sharp drive he station wagon down a beach , through a field , and over a bridge . ext . bishop' house . day Captain sharp stand at the front door talk with Mr. and Mrs. Bishop . Mr. Bishop hold a glass of red wine in one hand and a open bottle in the other . Mrs. Bishop look slightly uneasy . they both study the snap-shot . mr. bishop Camp ivanhoe ? that 's all the way across the other side of the island . you really think a twelve - year- old boy could row this far in a canoe ? captain sharp most likely not . mrs . bishop ( with a shrug ) it 's possible , counsellor . mr. bishop ( slightly irritate ) I disagree , counsellor . it would take he three day , at least . mrs . bishop I do not think so . two day , maximum . mr. bishop well , I be not go to argue about it . captain sharp be that as it may , will you let I know if you see anything unusual ? CUT to : a binocular shot of Captain sharp from overhead as he walk away down the front step . he pass lionel , Murray , and rudy on they way up the path . they wear wet bathing suit and towel around they shoulder . Captain sharp pat rudy on the top of he head . he dry he hand on the leg of he 16 . trousers . he get into he station wagon , back out of the driveway , circle through the wood , and drive around to a small dirt road a hundred yard behind the house . he stop the car . he get out , sit on the hood , and light a cigarette . suzy watch from the widow 's walk with she binocular . she lower they . she look curious . she raise they back to she eye and see : Mrs. Bishop from overhead as she come out the back door of the house carry a basket of damp laundry . she pause at a clothesline , look leave and right , then walk quickly into the tree . she cross a foot - bridge and arrive at the dirt road . Captain sharp stand up . they talk briefly but intensely . Mrs. Bishop lean against the car and stare into space . Captain sharp touch she hair . Mrs. Bishop make a gesture with she finger . Captain sharp hand she he cigarette . Mrs. Bishop take a puff , hand it back , and stride away again through the wood . Captain sharp get into he station wagon and drive off . insert : a portable night stand . there be a reel - to- reel tape recorder recording on it . a frame photograph next to it show the scout -master -in - Chief pose with a troop in front of the matterhorn . int . scout master ward tent . night the front flap be tie - open , and a mosquito net be draw . a hang lantern flicker on a hook . a bugle play a variation of tap in the distance . scout master Ward sit on a cot dress in pajamas . he smoke a cigarette and drink a glass of brandy while he speak tensely into a microphone : scout master ward scout master 's log . September second . first day of search party for Sam shakusky . morale be extremely low , in part , I suppose , because Sam be , unfortunately , the least popular scout in the troop , by a significant margin . I be worried , and I be confuse . please , let we find he tomorrow . please , do not let he fall off a cliff or drow in the goddamn lake or something . a terrible day at Camp ivanhoe . let 's hope tomorrow 's better . in fact , I be go to say a prayer . scout master Ward press stop . he kneel down on the floor , close he eye , press he palm together , and whisper . 17 . ext . scout camp . night scout master Ward zip up he tent and turn off the light . cricket chirp . bat circle . the wire - haire terrier dig carefully through a pile of trash . ext . narrow stream . day the next morning . a fast current run along a shallow ravine deep in the forest . the boy from the snap - shot row a mini- canoe paint with Native american tribal symbol and severely over - load with box , bag , and blanket . he wear a pellet gun sling on a strap over he shoulder and he coon - skin cap . he smoke a pipe . a sash across he chest be decorate with numerous small , embroider patch . there be a woman 's enamelle brooch pin to he shirt . it be a jewele , black scorpion . he whistle to himself quietly as he steer under a fall tree -trunk and wind through gentle rapid . he be Sam . ext . river bank . day a eddy under a willow tree . the end of the canoe be tie to a branch , and the cargo be stack on the shore . Sam cover the boat with a camouflage net and dress the top with pine - needle . ext . rocky gorge . day Sam hike through a pass wear a extremely large back - pack with stake , metal pole , and two bed-roll strapped to the bottom . he wear a compass on a string around he neck . CUT to : a binocular shot of Sam emerge from the wood into a wide meadow . the grass come up to he chest and flow in wave . he pause to check he compass . he spin slowly one direction and then back the other while he stare at the dial . he look up again . he walk onward . he stop . ext . wide meadow . day suzy lower she binocular . she stand at the end of a path cut through the high grass . she have a leather folder in one hand , the portable record player in the other , plus a small suitcase and she kitten in a basket at she side . Sam take he coon-skin hat slowly off he head . he stride across the meadow . suzy watch he approach . she swallow . her lip part . Sam come onto the path . he stop ten foot away from suzy . Sam and suzy stare at each other . silence . ( note : suzy be slightly taller than Sam . ) 18 . insert : a poster box with St. Jack 's Church across the top . a purple - ink mimeograph page be staple to a bulletin board inside under the head summer pageant , 1964 . it read : benjamin britten be " noye' fludde " perform by the chorister of St. Jack Wood and New penzance CUT to : dusk . a brick church at the top of a bluff overlook the bay . it be overgrown with ivy and wisteria . there be a cemetery with a low wrought- iron fence . a organ play inside . title : one Year earlier int . episcopal church . evening a play be in progress . the set include a long ark with a sail build on a platform behind the altar . two teenager crouch in the wing ripple a narrow , blue sheet across the foot of the stage . ( this be mean to be water . ) the rest of the room be dim , with tall candle flicker along the center aisle . the beam be drape with garland . a large congregation fill every pew plus fold chair against the wall . more people sit and stand on the step to the choir loft at the back and in nook and corner . the member of a brass ensemble seat beside the organist wait for they next cue , follow they sheet music with instrument poise . khaki scout and scout master occupy the rear section of the church . a very young troop in a slightly different version of the uniform fill a row near the exit . Sam sit on the aisle . he look bored . a baritone build like a linebacker in robe and a fake beard sing ominously on the stage . cymbal crash . Sam stand up and discreetly wander toward the side door with he hand in he pocket . a slight , forty - year - old man in the same uniform watch he from the end of the pew , frown . CUT to : Sam quietly enter the lobby . the sound of the music deaden as he gently shut the door behind he . he turn around and put on a yellow scout cap with junior khaki stitched on the bill . the room be jamme with child dress as animal , wait nervously in a long line that 19 . wind all around the space . they whisper and shuffle . a large woman stare through a small window into the church with she hand on a doorknob . she be Mrs. Lynn . she snap she finger suddenly without look to the child . they fall silent . pause . Mrs. Lynn swing open the center door . Music fill the room again . the first twenty of the child begin to sing . they march out of the lobby , two by two . the woman close the door behind they , and the next group take they place to wait . Sam walk slowly among otter , monkey , squirrel , and skunk , examine they costume , periodically touch horn , tusk , and tooth . no one pay attention to he . he drink a sip from a water fountain . he pick up a mint from a bowl and suck on it . he slip out through a swinging door . int . dressing room . evening Sam move down a dark corridor . voice murmur . he poke he head around a corner . a rack of choir robe and cassock block he path . he slide two of they apart and look through at : five eleven - year-old girl in black leotard sit on a bench in front of a mirror frame with light bulb . they talk quietly and fix they make -up . they all wear wing on they arm and beak on they head . suzy sit among they in black feather . Sam stare at she . he step into the light silently . suzy see he in the reflection . the other girl turn around quickly , cover themselves . Sam remove he cap and take another step forward . his eye dart briefly among the other girl . he say to suzy : SAM what kind of bird be you ? suzy hesitates . she look to the girl next to she , who say in a bossy voice : bossy girl I be a sparrow , she 's a dove , and -- Sam do not look away from suzy as he interrupt , point : SAM no , I say , " what kind of bird be you ? " the other girl all look to suzy . pause . suzy I be a raven . 20 . suzy lift she beak slightly higher on she forehead . the other girl look annoyed but transfix . the bossy girl frown . bossy girl Boy 's be not allow in here . Sam do not look away from suzy as he answer quietly : SAM I will be leave soon . Sam point down at suzy 's lap . one of she hand be wrap in a bandage . SAM what happen to you hand ? suzy ( pause ) I get hit in the mirror . SAM ( taken aback ) really . how would that happen ? suzy ( shrug ) I lose my temper at myself . Sam be deeply intrigue by this . the other girl look puzzle . suzy press she hair back off she face . she watch Sam nervously . suzy what 's you name ? SAM Sam . what 's yours ? suzy I be suzy . Sam nod with he eye still glue to suzy 's . suzy bite she fingernails . the bossy girl roll she eye . bossy girl it 's not polite to stare . Sam hold up he hand for the bossy girl to stop talk . Mrs. Lynn step into the doorway . mrs . lynn bird ! ready ? 21 . Mrs. Lynn do a double-take . she snap at Sam : mrs . lynn who be you ? where would you come from ? go back to you seat . Sam hesitates . he spit the mint into a trash can , duck out through the clothing rack , and be go . a skinny girl dress as a owl watch suzy while the other girl hurry to they foot . she say quietly : skinny girl he like you . ext . church yard . evening troops flood out from one side of the church while child in animal costume flood out from the other . they criss -cross among grave - marker and head-stone . Sam stop abruptly , face to face with the skinny owl . she whisper something , point behind she , and thrust a fold scrap of paper into Sam 's hand . int . school bus . night a vehicle crowded with scout . Sam sit alone in the back row . he stare into space , entrance . CUT to : suzy on - stage at the top of a pedestal with she arm in the air , spread she wing . she be surround by the entire cast of sing animal . the music soar . CUT to : Sam as he look down at the piece of paper in he hand . insert : a sheet of pink stationary with a address in a girl 's red feel - tip cursive and the word : write to I . CUT to : the present . Sam and suzy face each other in the wide meadow . Sam say carefully : SAM be you follow ? 22 . suzy ( looking around ) I doubt it . SAM good . Sam frown and squint . he point . SAM do you bring a cat ? suzy nod . Sam smile . suzy smile . Sam take a fold map out of he pocket . he signal for suzy to come closer . SAM can you read a map ? suzy uh-huh . SAM I do cartography . Sam point to one of the patch on he sash . it have a protractor embroider on it . he unfold the map . SAM I feel we should go halfway today and halfway tomorrow , since you be a less experience hiker , and you be wear sunday-school shoe . suzy ok . SAM ( point on the map ) here 's where we be right now . I would like to pitch camp here by sixteen- hundred ( which mean four o'clock ) . how do that sound ? suzy Fine . SAM you want some beef jerky ? suzy ok . Sam tear a strip of dry meat in two and give half to suzy . she try to chew on it . Sam nod : 23. SAM let 's go . montage : Sam and suzy walk together down a hill , across a field , and through a wood path eat beef jerky . they both smile continuously . SAM be you thirsty ? suzy no . SAM well , if you throat get parched , stick a pebble in you mouth and suck on it . you can quench you thirst with the spit , supposedly . Sam show suzy some bit of green and yellow stick out from under he coonskin cap . SAM sometimes I stick leave under my hat . it cool you head down . suzy that 's a good idea . it might help also if you do not wear fur . SAM ( hesitate ) true , but this add camouflage . Sam stand in a clear and pull a handful of dry grass . he hold it in he fist . SAM here 's a trick . throw grass in the air , and you can see which direction the wind 's blow . Sam throw up the grass . it swirl and drift vaguely . suzy squint . suzy which way ? SAM unknown . I guess it do not really matter , as long as we cover we track . 24 . Sam and suzy stop to investigate and discuss : a patch of mushroom , moss on a stump , fern , poison ivy , and a low bush with purple fruit . Sam look skeptical . SAM this might be poisonous . suzy ( studying they ) no , they be huckleberry , in fact . try one . suzy brushes off some dirt and eat a berry . Sam put one into he mouth and nod . SAM not bad . anyway , they be good for survival . Sam and suzy look through suzy 's binocular at a deer drink from a stream . suzy whisper : suzy he know someone 's watch he . SAM I agree . why do you say that ? suzy ( squinting ) I do not know . I just think he can feel we . Sam and suzy walk across a fall tree over a stream . a snake swim on the surface below they . Sam assist suzy onto the far bank . SAM you smell like perfume . suzy it 's my mother 's . Sam pick up two pebble . he and suzy both put they in they mouth . they click against they tooth . SAM I bring water , too . Sam and suzy watch a small , green worm wriggle in the air , sway from a silk thread . they stare , wide - eye . suzy cup she hand a few inch below it and move it around in a circle . Sam shrug . 25 . SAM should we catch he ? suzy ( hesitate ) what for ? SAM trout bait . we need worm . suzy ( sharply ) no . pause . the worm curl and uncurl itself gently . Sam nod . SAM you be right . we will let he live . maybe I have get a licorice whip . ext . lake shore . day the bank of a large pond . all of Sam 's and suzy 's bag , box , and suitcase be arrange around a small tent decorate with more tribal symbol . the kitten be asleep . Sam and suzy stand at the water 's edge as he remove the camouflage net from the canoe and say gravely : SAM how strong of a swimmer be you ? suzy pretty good . I break we school record for the back -stroke . SAM ( mildly surprised ) ok . well , I be not that strong of a swimmer , so I wear a life-preserver . I think it 's a good policy to get in the habit , anyway . suzy ok . Sam and suzy both strap on vest belt with cork block . insert : a strip of bright red licorice on a hook under water . CUT to : 26 . Sam and suzy in the middle of the lake . suzy sit at one end of the canoe fishing with a bamboo pole . Sam drape he finger off the side and stir the water . SAM watch out for turtles . they will bite you , if you put you finger in they mouth . let I see if I can catch this one . Sam dip a net into the lake and bring it up with a small turtle in it . he lift it out of the net . it have red and yellow marking and a slightly damage shell . Sam flip it over . the word Albert be write on the underside of the turtle in magic marker . Sam say blankly : SAM somebody write on he . the fishing pole jerk in suzy 's hand . she yell : suzy the stick 's move ! SAM ( alerted ) you get one ! Sam jump to he foot and heave the turtle with two hand . it sail through the air across the pond and splashes down with a whack . Sam yell a announcement : SAM Fish on hook ! ( to suzy ) reel he in ! slowly . the canoe rock violently . suzy snap : suzy sit down ! Sam sit back down . suzy wind the reel carefully . Sam say , gently encouraging : SAM you be do good . Sam point to one of the patch on he sash . it have a rod and reel embroider on it . SAM this be for fishing . 27 . ext . lake shore . dusk Sam twist a stick with a shoelace in kindling and build a small camp - fire circle with rock . he cook two fish with bologna in a fry pan over a camp -fire . he throw in a dash of salt , grind some pepper , and flip the fish in the air . he hold out a bite on a spatula to suzy sit on a log next to he . she taste it . she look surprised and nod enthusiastically : suzy very good . you know a lot about camp , do not you ? SAM ( stiffening ) I be a khaki scout . it 's what I be train for . Sam point to one of the patch on he sash . it have fry egg and bacon on it . SAM anyway , I use to be . Sam serve the fish onto two tin plate . he say as they eat with fold fork : SAM we can feed you cat the gut and eyeball . Sam point to a pile of bloody organ and bone on a page of newspaper . suzy frown . suzy that 's ok . he only eat cat food . suzy point to a cardboard box . Sam look inside . it be fill with ten can of cat food . Sam raise a eyebrow . SAM what else do you bring ? we should make a inventory . suzy ok . Sam flip open a small , spiral - bound note-book . SAM go ahead . 28 . suzy open the top of she portable record player . she display it like a salesman . suzy this be my record player . it work with battery . actually , it belong to my little brother lionel . I leave he a note . do you like music ? Sam nod and make a note . suzy open she leather folder . there be three l.p. record in it . she take out one by a french singer . suzy this be my favorite record album . my godmother give it to I for my birthday . she life in France . Sam nod and make another note . suzy open she suitcase . it be fill to the brim with hard - back copy of fantasy book . it contain no other item of any kind ( include clothing ) . suzy this be my book . I like storey with magic power in they . either in kingdom on earth or on foreign planet . also , time - travel , if they make it realistic . usually , I prefer a girl hero , but not always . I could not bring all of they because it get too heavy . you can borrow any you want . Sam nod and make another note . suzy produce a few more item : suzy I also bring my lefty scissors because I be left-handed , my toothbrush , some rubber band , extra battery , and my binocular , as you know . I forget my comb . Sam survey the entire collection of article . he scratch he head . SAM that 's it ? no mess -kit ? no flashlight ? no canteen ? no waterproof match ? do not you get the pack list I send you in my last letter ? 29 . suzy ( frowns ) I think that 's what you be suppose to bring . I do not own a canteen . pause . Sam shrug . he smile . SAM that 's ok . we can share . Sam pick up one of the book . it be call the girl from Jupiter . there be a illustration on the cover of a young , alien princess with glitter tear on she cheek . Sam examine the other book in the suitcase . he look slightly puzzle . SAM this be all library book . in my school you be only allow to check - out one at a time . some of this be go to be overdue . Sam hesitates . he suddenly realize something . he ask bluntly : SAM do you steal ? silence . suzy nod reluctantly . Sam look confuse . SAM why ? you be not poor . suzy stare at the book . she absently brushes some dust off they . she rearrange they slightly . she say finally : suzy I might turn some of they back in one day . I have not decide yet . I know it 's bad . I think I just take they to have a secret to keep . anyway , for some reason , it make I feel in a better mood sometimes . Sam think about this . he lean he chin against he fist . he say seriously : SAM be you depressed ? suzy bite she fingernails . she shrug . SAM how come ? 30 . pause . suzy say philosophically : suzy well , I can show you a example , if you want -- but it do not make I feel very good . I find this on top of we refrigerator . suzy look into she leather folder and shuffles through some page . she withdraw a small pamphlet . insert : the cover of the pamphlet . there be a draw of a break tea - cup and the title " coping with the very Troubled child " . Sam frown . his eye widen . SAM do that mean you ? suzy nod . Sam explode with laughter . suzy it 's not funny . SAM to I , it be . Sam slap he knee and shake he head . pause . suzy dump she fish into the campfire and throw she metal plate like a frisbee into a tree trunk . it bounce off with a ding . she stand up and say coolly : suzy you really know how to make friend . suzy walk away . she go behind a bush and sit down on a rock . she start to cry . Sam look stricken and confuse . he be very still . he get up slowly . he tentatively approach the bush . he look behind it . he take two step closer . he stand above suzy . he unty he neckerchief , crouch down , and hold it out . SAM I be sorry . suzy look to Sam . she hesitates . she take the neckerchief . suzy that 's ok . SAM I be on you side . 31 . suzy I know . suzy dry she eye . she unfold the neckerchief and study its design . it be a brave shoot a arrow while lean off the side of a gallop horse . Sam motion to the book : SAM which one 's the best ? CUT to : dusk . Sam lie on he back on one of the bedroll smoking he pipe while suzy sit indian - style next to he . she read aloud from a book call the francine odyssy . there be a illustration on the cover of a enormous panther with a bloody sword walk behind a small girl in a nightgown . suzy his eye downcast , he kingdom in ruin , mynar press he heavy paw through the rippling surface of the cool shallow and down to its stone floor . " my people once be lead by a great and noble beast -- and I no longer see he face in this reflection . " suzy look to Sam . he be asleep . she take the pipe out of he mouth and tip the ash into the camp -fire . she draw a blanket over he chest . she continue : suzy meanwhile , on the Plains of tabitha , francine rest . there would be another time for war . int . bishop' house . night the dining room . there be a long , wide , empty table with sixteen chair around it . tucked in the corner , lionel , Murray , and rudy sit at a fold card table . they have plate on place - mat and fork and knife . there be one extra seat . Mrs. Bishop 's voice boom , amplify , from the next room : mrs . bishop ( o.s. ) suzy ! dinner ! I be not go to say it again ! pause . Mrs. Bishop charge into the room with a steaming casserole . she wear a oven mitt on one hand and carry a electric megaphone in the other . she set the casserole on the card table and look out the window . through the thicket 32 . of tree behind the house , a pair of headlight blink . Mrs. Bishop check she watch . she say sharply : mrs . bishop where 's you sister ? lionel I do not know , but she borrow my record player for ten day without ask . mrs . bishop ( confuse ) what do that mean ? lionel hold up a small , fold - up piece of pink stationary . Mrs. Bishop snap it out of he hand and open it . insert : a short note on pink stationary in a girl 's red feel - tip cursive . it read : dear lionel , I need to use you record player . I will give it back in ten day or less . do not tell Mom . ( or dad . ) I will replace the battery when I return . sign , suzy Bishop Mrs. Bishop frown . she bolt back out of the room . her voice boom again : mrs . bishop ( o.s. ) Walt ! where the hell be you ? there be a loud thump upstairs . Mr. Bishop shout from outside : mr. bishop ( o.s. ) right here ! why be you cursing at I ? CUT to : exterior . Mr. Bishop lean out of a upstairs window . Mrs. Bishop appear in one below . she yell up through the megaphone : mrs . bishop do it concern you that you daughter 's just run away from home ? mr. bishop ( pause ) that 's a load question . 33. Mrs. Bishop brandish the note with she free hand . mrs . bishop come down and read this . a radio squawk in the wood behind the house . Mr. and Mrs. Bishop turn quickly toward the sound . Mrs. Bishop look tense . Becky 's garble voice say over a tinny speaker : becky ( v.o . ) scout master Ward confirm they have have no luck . they be go home for the -- there be a rustling and the sound of a car door open -- then the radio cut off . Mr. Bishop frown . he shout : mr. bishop who 's there ? Captain sharp emerge slowly from the dark , tangle in a bramble , hopping slowly on one foot as he unwind a root from around he ankle . he smile awkwardly and say : captain sharp good evening . sorry to startle you . I be just -- mr. bishop ( angrily ) what be you do here ? nobody call the police . captain sharp I know , that 's what I be say . the search party 's not over yet . in other word -- mrs . bishop suzy 's miss , too ! go find she . captain sharp ( hesitate ) ok . where would she -- mr. bishop wait for I . Mr. Bishop disappear into the house . Captain sharp and Mrs. Bishop exchange a uncertain look . int . station wagon . night Captain sharp pan a spot-light back and forth in the darkness while he steer the car . the lamp have a short in it 34 . and flicker with each bump . Mr. Bishop ride in the passenger seat . he stare ahead down the road and say to himself : mr. bishop how can we help she ? she 's get so many problem . it 's get worse . Mr. Bishop look strangely to Captain sharp . he ask : mr. bishop whose fault be it ? captain sharp ( hesitate ) I do not know , but just for the record : ninety - five percent of all runaway return home within six hour . that do not do you any good right now . it 's just a statistic -- but in all likelihood suzy 's probably hide in the closet at she best friend 's house play chinese checker at this very moment , as we speak . mr. bishop she do not have any friend . captain sharp ( long pause ) how 's Laura ? mr. bishop ( irritate ) how 's Laura ? captain sharp Mrs. Bishop , I mean . mr. bishop I do not understand . captain sharp be she upset ? Mr. Bishop look baffle and disgust . he throw he hand into the air . he look away and shake he head . silence . Captain sharp wiggle some wire . captain sharp I get to get this spot-light fix . 35 . ext . bishop' house . night Captain sharp and Mr. Bishop come to a stop and get out of the station wagon . they look deject . the screen door bang open , and Mrs. Bishop quickly descend the front step with a open shoebox full of letter in she hand . she say breathlessly , shouting : mrs . bishop she have a pen pal ! it 's very intimate ! they plan this together ! Captain sharp take one of the letter and study it . he say to himself : captain sharp Sam shakusky . that 's my escape khaki scout . his family die . Mr. Bishop take a handful of the letter and flip through they . he stop suddenly . he look horrify . mr. bishop Holy Christ . what be I look at ? insert : a small painting on construction paper of a naked girl step into a bathtub . she wear a flower in she hair . Mrs. Bishop continue to shout as she explain : mrs . bishop he do watercolor ! mostly landscape , but a few nude ! lionel , Murray , and rudy watch from a downstairs window . lionel take a bite from a bowl of melting ice cream . Mr. Bishop stare at the painting . he squint at it and ask incredulously : mr. bishop she sit for this ? Captain sharp and Mrs. Bishop look over Mr. Bishop 's shoulder . Captain sharp say calmly : captain sharp what do he say ? montage : the history of Sam and suzy 's correspondence . 36 . Sam , dress in a greasy jump -suit , write at a work bench in a garage while six teenager take apart carburetor behind he . they be he foster brother . Sam read in voice - over : SAM ( v.o. ) dear suzy , you have a superb voice . you be my favorite animal in the program , by far . please , find enclose -- suzy write at a small desk on the upstairs landing while lionel and Murray play a loud duet on a red piano behind she . ( rudy turn the page of the sheet music . ) suzy read in voice - over : suzy ( v.o. ) dear Sam , thank you very much . I get replace as the raven because I yell at Mrs. Lynn . after that I be only a blue jay , but -- Sam work in a alley empty garbage from several small trash can into a larger one . Mr. billingsley watch television in a window , smoking a cigarette . he point to a crumpled wrapper on the ground . Sam pick it up . SAM ( v.o. ) dear suzy , I be sorry you brother be so selfish . maybe they will grow out of it . sometimes people do thing without know the reason for -- suzy read a book call disappearance of the 6th grade . there be a illustration on the cover of a school - teacher levitate at the front of she classroom . there be several watercolor picture tape to the wall behind she . most be landscape of small - town vacant lot . one be a swim girl in a bikini . suzy ( v.o. ) dear Sam , you be a excellent painter , especially tree and telephone pole . be the girl in the water suppose to be I ? my favorite color be -- Sam stand in pajamas stare blankly , eye wide , at a dog house in flame next to a rusty swing - set . a dachsund sit next to he , also watch . Mrs. billingsley come run out of the house with a fire extinguisher . SAM ( v.o. ) dear suzy , I accidentally build a fire while I be sleep -walk . I have no memory of this , but my foster parent think I be lie . unfortunately , it be -- 37 . suzy stand in the kitchen look out through a pane of glass with a hole smashed in the middle of it . Mrs. Bishop be next to she with she hair hang over the sink while the two of they carefully pick bit of glass out of it . suzy ( v.o. ) dear Sam , I be in trouble again because I throw a rock through the window . my mother still have glass in she hair . also -- five of Sam 's foster brother watch calmly as the sixth throw Sam against the wall then jump on top of he , pin he arm to the floor while Sam struggle crazily . SAM ( v.o. ) dear suzy , I have be try very hard to make friend , but I feel people do not like my personality . in fact , I can understand why they might -- a classroom of sixth grader watch in a panic as suzy throttles one of she classmate . the classmate flail and grimace as she be strangle . suzy ( v.o. ) dear Sam , now I be get suspend because I get in a fight with Molly . she say I go berserk . we principal be against I . why do -- Sam do sit-up on a hard mattress in a basement room line with bunk . he count out the repetition under he breath . there be a small , black and white photograph of a man and woman at they wedding tack to the wall above he . SAM ( v.o. ) dear suzy , I know you parent hurt you feeling , but they still love you . that be more important . if they -- suzy stand in a doorway scream at she family while they watch wearily from the dinner table with fork and knife in they hand . suzy ( v.o. ) dear Sam , I do think you should think of they face every day , even if it make you sad . it be too bad they do not leave you more picture of themselves . can you -- Sam write in he bunk crouch beneath a blanket with a khaki scout flashlight point at he paper . 38 . SAM ( v.o. ) dear suzy , here be my plan . suzy write in she bed crouch beneath a quilt with a plastic lantern glow beside she . suzy ( v.o. ) dear Sam , my answer be yes . insert : a sheet of wide - rule yellow paper which read in a boy 's penciled scrawl : SAM ( v.o. ) dear suzy , when ? insert : a sheet of pink stationary which read in a girl 's red feel - tip cursive : suzy ( v.o. ) dear Sam , where ? CUT to : suzy kneel in the dark , crouch in front of a upper window with the shoebox of letter beside she . outside , the wood be black beyond a moonlit field . SAM ( v.o. ) dear suzy , walk four hundred yard due north from you house to the dirt path which have not get any name on it . turn right and follow to the end . suzy raise she binocular to she eye . SAM ( v.o. ) I will meet you in the meadow . ext . wide meadow . day the next morning . the end of the path cut through the high grass where Sam and suzy meet the day before . Captain sharp , scout master Ward , Mrs. Bishop , and Becky stand in two group talk . gadge and skotak stretch a string with ribbon tie to it from stake to stake mark a perimeter . lazy - Eye walk with the wire - haire terrier pull at its leash . other scout search the field and scan the horizon . Captain sharp 's station wagon and redford 's motorcycle be park in the dirt . 39 . Mr. Bishop stand off to the side by himself poke at the ground with a stick . he have two black eye , and half he face be swollen and purple . scout master Ward ask Becky quietly : scout master ward what happen to he ? becky I be not sure . I think he go search in the dark . Mr. Bishop say loudly without look up from the ground : mr. bishop she steal the battery out of my flashlight . scout master Ward look at Becky and grimace . Becky raise a eyebrow . Mrs. Bishop stand next to Captain sharp . they move slightly away from the other . Captain sharp whisper quickly , almost inaudibly : captain sharp I think he 's onto we . mrs . bishop ( instantly ) of course , he be . Captain sharp look surprised and defensive . he whisper back : captain sharp of course , he be ? mrs . bishop of course , he be . captain sharp ( confuse ) why be not we worried about that , then ? mrs . bishop I be . captain sharp ( astonished ) well , I do not know . or , anyway , I think I be wrong . do you hit he ? mrs . bishop no . he fall in a ditch . 40 . nickleby pop up from below the tall grass and thrust a empty can of cat food into the air . he shout excitedly : nickleby cat food ! I think it 's a clue . the group quickly gather around nickleby . Mr. Bishop snatch the can out of he hand and examine it . he say blankly : mr. bishop that 's she . Mr. Bishop throw the can away over he shoulder and walk off with he hand in he pocket . nickleby run after the can and pick it up again . Mr. Bishop continue down the hill . scout master Ward watch he . he ask Mrs. Bishop , uneasy : scout master ward where 's he go ? mrs . bishop I do not know . Mrs. Bishop follow Mr. Bishop . Captain sharp turn to the rest of the group and say briskly : captain sharp all right . we know they be together . we know they be within a certain radius of this spot . I be declare the case with the county right now . until help arrive : Captain sharp look to scout master Ward as he point to various scout and divide the group into team : captain sharp I be depute the little guy , the skinny one , and the kid with the curly hair to come with I in the station wagon . Randy , you drop - in and head up - river with the rest of you troop , then split - up on foot . Becky , call jed and tell he to circle over this end of the island and fly low . CUT to : a binocular shot of the seaplane fly in a pattern . it bank sharply . the binocular shot tilt down . Far below , in the distance , Captain sharp 's station wagon rumble along a dirt road through the wood . the binocular shot pan wide . on the side of the river , scout master Ward 's motorboat stop . 41 . two scout , tiny figure , pull the camouflage net off the hide canoe . ext . high ridge . day suzy watch through she binocular while Sam crouch beside she . they be hide behind a pile of rock . suzy say ominously : suzy they find the canoe . SAM ( angry at himself ) rat ! I should have put more pine needle on it . let 's go . we be almost there . Sam lift he backpack onto he back and sling he air-rifle over he arm . suzy pick up she suitcase and put the kitten on she shoulder . they walk down a narrow path through a thicket . they emerge into a small clear . Sam and suzy stop in they track . deluca , nickleby , panagle , izod , and lazy - Eye stand in a row along the edge of the wood ahead of they . deluca brandish he hunt knife . nickleby , izod , and lazy - Eye point they bow and arrow . panagle hold he walk stick weapon . the wire - haire terrier strain growl at the end of he leash . deluca jerk he back . the kitten cower . the sound of a motorcycle gun , and redford burst through the tree , pop a wheelie , and skid to a stop . he lift he goggle . the motor idle . Sam say finally : SAM what do you creep want ? redford shrug and answer with a callous smile : redford we be look for you . SAM why ? redford because you be a fugitive . SAM no , I be not . do not you get my letter of resignation ? I quit the khaki scout . 42 . redford you be still in uniform . pause . Sam quickly take off he shirt and throw it aside . redford well , it do not matter , anyway . you do not have that authority . we have be deputize . now be you go to come along peacefully or not ? Sam take a deep breath . he plead : SAM listen to some reason : I do not like you . you do not like I . why do not you stupid idiot just let we disappear ? redford ( pause ) it 's tempting , but I can not allow it . deluca spit on the ground . he say to suzy : deluca you should not be friend with he . suzy ( offended ) why not ? deluca because he 's crazy . suzy ( coldly ) maybe you just do not know he . redford we know he a lot better than you . he 's emotionally disturb because he family die . nickleby , tie he up . nickleby take a step forward with he bow and arrow point and ready . suzy look furious . Sam flip he air-rifle off he shoulder with a twirl . he point it at redford and nickleby . nickleby hesitates . Sam say darkly : SAM do not cross this stick . Sam motion to a twig on the ground in front of he . silence . 43. redford you be doom , shakusky . redford revs the motor , pop the clutch , and race across the clear toward Sam and suzy . the rest of the troop converge , yell crazily . CUT to : the wide canyon echoing with shout , scream , and a small explosion . one by one , deluca , nickleby , panagle , izod , and lazy - Eye come run out of the tree and down the hill . finally , redford hobble after they , limping and groan and clutching he side . CUT to : redford 's char , partially demolish motorcycle smolder in the branch of a tree . suzy stand on the edge of the ravine stare at the pair of bloody scissors in she hand . she look shake . Sam take the scissors , clean they with he finger , and hand they back to suzy . he say gently : SAM it be he or we . suzy nod . she turn slowly away . her eye widen . suzy oh , no . suzy point . the wire - haire terrier lie on he back on the ground with a arrow stick out between he shoulder blade . the kitten lick at the wound . Sam and suzy run over to the wounded dog . Sam crouch down , gently press the kitten away , and say bleakly : SAM they get snoopy through the neck . suzy have tear in she eye . she slide she hand under the wire - haire terrier 's body . she begin to hyperventilate as she say : suzy he need a doctor . Sam put he finger to the wire - haire terrier 's neck . he say sadly : SAM no , he do not . he need a morgue . 44 . suzy ( try to catch she breath ) he 's lose blood . hurry . where do we go ? suzy lift the bleed dog into she arm . Sam grab she by the shoulder . he lock eye with she and say with grit and melodrama : SAM suzy . look at I . snoopy 's not go to make it . suzy ( start to cry ) do not say that . SAM they be after we . we get to move . suzy ( raise she voice ) he 's die ! we can not just leave he ! SAM ( shout ) it 's too late ! he 's already go ! suzy ( scream ) stop yell at I ! Sam slap suzy in the face . she fall silent . he say slowly : SAM I be sorry I have to do that , but you be panic . the first rule in any emergency be you never -- suzy drop the wire - haire terrier which hit the ground with a thud . she slap Sam back with a huge , roundhouse smack . Sam fall over sideways . suzy stand over he . suzy do not ever do that again . no one 's allow to slap I . Sam stand up and dust himself off . he and suzy stare down at the lifeless animal . suzy say quietly : suzy you be right . he 's dead . Sam reach into a side - picket of he back - pack and take out a army -shovel . he assemble it . suzy say hopefully : 45 . suzy be he a good dog ? pause . Sam shrug . he say distantly , even cosmically : SAM who 's to say -- but he do not deserve to die . suzy slowly wrap she arm around Sam 's shoulder . they squeeze each other tightly . Sam sigh . he begin to dig . int . station wagon . day Captain sharp speed bounce down a wind dirt road . lazy - Eye , deluca , and gadge sit next to he crowded into the passenger seat . lazy - Eye yell into the hand - set of the police radio : lazy - eye she stab redford in the back with lefty scissors ! a voice respond over the speaker : jed ( v.o. ) repeat that , please ? over . Captain sharp grab the hand - set out of lazy - Eye 's hand . he shout into it : captain sharp puncture wound . lower lumbar . make room for a stretcher in the cockpit ! redford be lie on he stomach on a towel in the rear of the vehicle . scout master Ward kneel next to he press he hand firmly into the middle of he back . there be significant blood . redford moan loudly . scout master Ward reassure he : scout master ward you be go to be ok . thank goodness , she miss the artery . bite on this . scout master Ward put a pencil in redford 's tooth . redford grimace , crunching it . in the back seat , the rest of the troop excitedly re-cap : nickleby I try to chop he , but he dodge my tomahawk . panagle who else get hit ? 46 . izod not I . I run away when the girl go berserk . skotak he 's get great marksmanship . he shot deluca in both arm . skotak point to the front seat . deluca sit glumly in silence . he have numerous small welt all over he arm . gadge say suddenly : gadge where 's snoopy ? ext . police station . day Captain sharp 's station wagon skid to a stop next to he office while the seaplane pull up to the dock as Mr. and Mrs. Bishop approach pedall furiously on bicycle . Mr. Bishop wear boat shoe . Captain sharp and scout master Ward jump out of the car . skotak and gadge help they remove redford on a stretcher from the back of the station wagon . Mr. Bishop struggle with he kick-stand . he shout : mr. bishop what happen ? who 's that ? why 's he bleed ? captain sharp clear the dock , Edgar ! Captain sharp motion for the two old fisherman to get out of the way . he and scout master Ward run with the stretcher onto the dock . Mrs. Bishop be frantic : mrs . bishop be suzy with you ? gadge no , she 's in the wood with shakusky . gadge point toward the hill . a man wear a jumpsuit and aviator sunglass stand next to the seaplane . he be jed. he shout as the stretcher approach : jed where be I go ? captain sharp the infirmary at Fort Lebanon . we will be right behind you . 47 . Captain sharp motion for skotak , gadge , and lazy -eye to help jed load the stretcher into the small cockpit . he toss a set of key to scout master Ward and say : captain sharp warm up the motor . I will be right back . scout master Ward take the key and start untying the police launch . Captain sharp head toward he office . Mr. Bishop say firmly : mr. bishop hold it right there . you be not leave this island . we daughter 's be abduct by one this beige lunatic . captain sharp Walt , it 's very clear : the two of they conspire in this together . scout master ward do not worry , Mr. Bishop . she will be safe . Sam 's get excellent wilderness skill . Mr. Bishop wheel on scout master Ward . he explode : mr. bishop why can not you control you scout ? scout master Ward recoil . he say quietly , troubled : scout master ward I be try . Mr. Bishop take off he shoe and throw it at scout master Ward . scout master Ward duck , and the shoe bounce off he back . Captain sharp block Mr. Bishop . captain sharp stop . Mr. Bishop scuffles with Captain sharp . Mrs. Bishop jerk he backwards and shout : mrs . bishop stop it , Walt ! Mr. Bishop face Mrs. Bishop and Captain sharp , breathe heavily . scout master Ward look depressed . jed , gadge , skotak , and redford watch freeze from a gangplank alongside the seaplane . 48 . captain sharp I do blame he -- ( point to scout master Ward ) -- but I also blame myself and both of you . with all due respect : you can not let you child stab people . mrs . bishop ( hesitate ) what be you talk about ? scout master ward she 's violent , Mrs. Bishop . look . scout master Ward show Mrs. Bishop the blood all over he hand and uniform . Mrs. Bishop look confuse . mrs . bishop I do not get it . be there witness ? scout master ward of course . it 's assault . mrs . bishop I beg you pardon . be you a lawyer ? scout master ward no , mar 'am , but -- mrs . bishop ( furious ) well , I be ! Captain sharp gently draw Mrs. Bishop away by the shoulder . he link arm with she as he try to placate the group : captain sharp easy do it . calm down , Laura . mr. bishop stay away from my wife . Mr. Bishop push Captain sharp away from Mrs. Bishop into scout master Ward . scout master Ward lunge at Mr. Bishop but be intercept by Captain sharp and Mrs. Bishop . they shout repeatedly : captain sharp / mr . bishop scout master ward / mrs . bishop dammit ! Christ ! shit! Jesus ! at this moment , a voice interject from the shore : 49 . narrator ( o.s. ) Excuse I ! Excuse I ! Excuse I , Captain sharp ? Captain sharp , scout master Ward , and Mr. and Mrs. Bishop stop fight and turn around at once . they see : the narrator . he stand at the foot of the dock hold a journal with rubber band wrap around it . they all stare at he blankly . he continue : narrator as some of you know , I teach Sam for the cartography accomplishment patch . he 's a smart boy , and he express a keen interest in the history of the island 's indigenous people . in particular , I recall he fascination with the idea of retrace the original path of the old chickchaw harvest migration . Long pause . everyone look utterly perplex . the propeller of the seaplane start up , and they all shield they eye from the blast of wind and dust . the narrator hesitates . he yell over the noise : narrator what I be get at be this : I think I know where they be go . the narrator remove the rubber band from he journal . insert : a carefully hand - draft nautical chart . a cove be mark with a red arrow and the caption mile 3.25 tidal inlet . insert : the portable record player . suzy 's finger place the needle onto a spin disc . ext . tidal lagoon . day a small cove enclose by a low , rocky cliff . it form a almost complete circle and be overgrown with vine , flower , and branch . a thin channel lead out to the ocean . the sand on the shore be white , and the water be perfectly clear and crowded with shell at the bottom . bird echo and fly from tree to tree . Sam 's and suzy 's luggage be pile on the beach . the kitten wander , explore . the lid of the portable record player be open . the voice of Leonard bernstein say over the speaker : 50 . record player ( v.o. ) onto the bird-house , where every kind of bird imaginable be whirling and wheeling around . this be a real acrobatic act for we gift young flute player , Paula robeson . as they listen , Sam and suzy take off they shoe and sock and run in opposite direction around the edge of the cove . they each climb up a rock over the water . they look at each other across the lagoon . they both laugh . suzy shout , smiling : suzy this be weird . SAM I know ! Sam take off he coon-skin cap and throw it aside . suzy remove she cardigan and drop it on the ground . Sam strip off he uniform down to he white brief . suzy take off everything except she underwear and a training bra . they throw they clothes into the water . Sam yell : SAM on three ! suzy immediately count very quickly . they both scream as they leap into the water . they swim toward each other , laugh and shouting . CUT to : a clothesline hang with Sam 's and suzy 's wet clothes sway like flag and snap in the wind . the tent have be pitch on a low , sandy plateau close to the water . two line of shell mark a path to the entrance . a long stick be jamme into the ground with a flicker safety - candle stick into the y at the top . the kitten be asleep . Sam sit on a fold stool in front of a portable easel . he dip he brush into a tin cup and paint . suzy pose stretch out and propped up on one arm . she adjust herself slightly . suzy I like it here , but I do not like the name . SAM I , neither . 51 . suzy mile 3.25 tidal inlet . it 's get no ring to it . SAM let 's change it . what should it be ? suzy let I think for a minute . Sam continue to paint while suzy think . CUT to : a binocular shot of a deep blue , star- fill sky . suzy lie on she back on a flat rock in the middle of the cove look up into the night . Sam wade out to she and climb up beside she . SAM I make you some jewelry . Sam hold up two dead , shimmer , opalescent beetle with fish-hook thread into they shell . suzy look enchant . SAM be you ear pierce ? CUT to : Inside the tent , light by a lantern . Sam clenches he tooth as he force one of the fish-hook through suzy 's earlobe . suzy scream murderously . Sam release she . the beetle dangle neatly . a line of blood run down the side of suzy 's neck . Sam hold up a little mirror . suzy nod . suzy it 's pretty . do the other one . Sam switch to suzy 's other earlobe . she resume she scream . CUT to : Sam and suzy stand on the beach listen to the french singer 's record . they face each other , bob they head and tilting awkwardly to the music . suzy eventually begin to dance . Sam do something vaguely like the twist . they press against each other and kiss . suzy say quietly : suzy it feel hard . 52 . SAM ( embarrassed ) do you mind ? suzy I like it . SAM ( pause ) tilt you head sideways . Sam and suzy kiss again . Sam push he hand through suzy 's hair and draw it back behind she ear . suzy whisper : suzy you can touch my chest . Sam slide he hand up under the training bra and press it onto suzy 's breast . suzy they be go to grow more . Sam nod . he look to be in a trance . CUT to : Sam and suzy sit on a tree branch over the water eat raisin from Sam 's hand . suzy have flower in she hair . she look down into the water with she binocular . SAM why do you always use binocular ? suzy think for minute . she say finally : suzy it help I see thing closer . even if they be not very far away . I pretend it 's my magic power . SAM ( impressed ) that sound like poetry . poem do not always have to rhyme , you know . they be just suppose to be creative . suzy give Sam the binocular . he point they at she and stare . SAM what do you want to be ? when you grow up . 53. suzy I do not know . I want to go on adventure , I think . not get stick in one place . how about you ? SAM ( pause ) go on adventure , too . not get stick , too . I guess that sound almost like I be just repeat what you just say , but I could not think of anything as good as it . on the other hand , maybe we will get blow up by a atom bomb . you can not predict the exact future . suzy that 's true . SAM it 's possible I may wet the bed , by the way . later , I mean . suzy ( surprised ) ok . SAM ( reluctantly ) I wish I do not have to mention it , but just in case . I do not want to make you be offended . suzy ( softly ) of course , I will not . SAM some people frown on this problem . suzy nod . she hold Sam 's hand . she point to the scorpion brooch pin to Sam 's shirt . suzy what 's that one for ? Sam look at the brooch . he shake he head . SAM it 's not a accomplishment . I inherite it from my mother . it 's actually not mean for a male to wear -- but I do not give a damn . suzy nod thoughtfully . pause . 54 . suzy be you foster parent still mad at you ? for get in trouble so much . SAM I do not think so . we be get to know each other better . I feel like I be in a family now . not like yours , but similar to one . suzy I always wish I be a orphan . most of my favorite character be . I think you life be more special . Sam frown . tear suddenly well - up in he eye . he shake he head . SAM I love you , but you do not know what you be talk about . Long pause . suzy say genuinely : suzy I love you , too . CUT to : a campfire burn in front of the tent . Sam lie on he back on one of the bedroll smoking he pipe while suzy sit indian - style next to he . she read aloud from a book call the Light of Seven matchstick . there be a illustration on the cover of a child 's hand extinguish a little flame . a ribbon of smoke curl between its finger . suzy the flashlight 's beam draw a moon through the black across the attic and settle on a gap in the base - board . a mouse-hole , no bigger than a pocket - watch . Eric crouch on he flat foot and place he hand in front of the tiny open . " it 's windy , " he say . " like someone in there 's blow on my finger . " christy roll she eye and sigh a sigh . he 's right again , she think . Little brother drive people crazy . suzy look to Sam to see if he be still awake . Sam nod and signal for suzy to continue . suzy turn the page and read on : 55 . suzy part two . omit CUT to : the next morning . Sam and suzy be asleep with they arm wrap around each other inside the tent . they wear only they underwear . the sound of a airplane approach . Sam 's eye open . the noise buzze by loudly overhead . suzy sit up . Sam scramble to he foot , unzip the flap of the tent , and look out . suzy crouch beside he , hold onto he leg . they see : Captain sharp stand on the beach fifteen foot away . scout master Ward wait behind he with gadge , skotak , and lazy - eye. Mr. and Mrs. Bishop stride up out of the water . Mr. Bishop look incense . they be wet to the waist . the police launch be moor in the lagoon . two larger boat with St. Jack Wood Fire Brigade print on they hull float further away . Men in red cap stand on they deck . suzy pull Sam back inside . she zip up the tent again . she kiss Sam . Mr. Bishop holler : mr. bishop suzy ! get out here ! Mr. Bishop grab hold of the entire tent by the top and rip it up out of the ground , uproot the stake which go fly . this reveal : Sam and suzy , half - naked , entwine , kissing . Mr. and Mrs. Bishop both freeze . Sam and suzy look up to they . Mr. Bishop growl and roar at they ferociously like a monster . Sam and suzy look horrify . Mr. Bishop 's face suddenly drain of all emotion . pause . Mrs. Bishop command Sam and suzy : mrs . bishop put you clothes on . both of you . Sam and suzy remain perfectly still . Mrs. Bishop grab suzy by the arm and jerk she to she foot . Sam and suzy hang onto each other . Mrs. Bishop slap suzy with a whack . Sam let go , and suzy be go . scout master Ward come over to Sam sadly and hand he he uniform . Sam take it . scout master Ward turn to the other scout , clap he hand twice , and say : 56 . scout master ward Strike this camp . Sam start put on he sock . Captain sharp watch he . ext . police launch . day Captain sharp drive he boat along the coast with a grim look on he face . suzy ride in the back with Mr. and Mrs. Bishop . Sam ride in the front with the other scout . a interrogation be in progress : skotak how long be you plan to stay there ? SAM I do not know . murray you say ten day or less . suzy that be a lie . gadge do not you ever think about what would happen next ? SAM not to my recollection . lionel you be a traitor to we family . suzy good . I want to be . scout master Ward sit next to Captain sharp . he show he the air-mail envelope . scout master ward what do I do about this ? Captain sharp shrug . he say , resign : captain sharp give he he mail . scout master Ward turn to Sam . he hold out the envelope . Sam take it . he open it . he read . suzy watch he from across the boat . she call out anxiously : suzy what do it say ? 57 . SAM ( puzzle ) they can not invite I back . suzy ( outraged ) why not ? SAM ( upset ) I give they too much aggravation . suzy stand up . she say as she start across the boat : suzy let I read it . Sam hold out the note . Mr. Bishop pull suzy back down to she seat . he stand up , himself , and walk over to Sam . he take he by the wrist and lead he to a small cabin . he open the door and press he forward . Sam stumble down the step and look back . Mr. Bishop shut the door . Captain sharp glare at he . suzy say icily : suzy that 's child abuse . Mr. Bishop return to the back of the boat and sit down again . he give suzy a direct order : mr. bishop be advise : the two of you will never see each other again . that be you last word . do you understand ? suzy ( darkly ) I would be careful if I be you . one of this day somebody 's go to be push too far , and who know what they be capable of . mr. bishop ( hesitate ) be that a threat ? suzy ( simply ) it 's a warning . suzy look from Captain sharp to Mrs. Bishop and back to Mr. Bishop . Mr. Bishop fall silent . 58 . suzy I wish I know what make you tick . mr. bishop ( hesitate ) I beg you pardon ? mrs . bishop please , terminate this conversation . mr. bishop ( to lionel ) she 's say that to I ? lionel shake he head bitterly . suzy stare out to sea . scout master Ward walk over to the cabin , open the door , and go inside . int . police launch . day a small room with two bunk , two porthole , and a pile of rope . Sam sit hunch over with he hand in he lap . he stare at the envelope . scout master Ward sit down across from he . he motion to the envelope and say quietly , pause between each sentence : scout master ward I be sorry about this . I do not know you situation . it 's not on the register . how would you lose you parent ? I should not ask that . never mind . I wish we have time for a inspection back there . on the beach . I would have give you a " commendable " . that be one of the best - pitch camp -site I have ever see . honestly . Sam do not respond . scout master Ward ask in a wounded voice : scout master ward you do not want to be a khaki scout anymore ? Sam shake he head . int . post office . day Becky sit at the switchboard with she head - phone on . Captain sharp and scout master Ward sit behind she wear they own set of head - phone . there be a click on the other end of the line . 59 . operator ( v.o. ) hello , Becky . becky Judy , I have you person- to- person from New penzance . operator ( v.o. ) go ahead , New penzance . CUT to : split-screen . on one side of the frame , we see Captain sharp , scout master Ward , and Becky . on the other side , we see a fifty - year- old woman in a blue and white uniform pants - suit with a salvation Army officer - style hat and a red ribbon tie in a bow around she neck . she be Social service . she sit at a desk in a cinder block office . Guards and orderly criss - cross in a bullet - proof window to a long , grey corridor behind she . captain sharp hello ? this be Captain sharp . Social service flip open a file - folder and pick up a ball - point pen . ( she take note throughout the conversation . ) she say into she telephone : social SERVICES hello , Captain sharp . this be Social service . I be call in reference to Sam shakusky , Ward of the State . I understand he 's in you custody . captain sharp that 's correct . social SERVICES what 's he condition ? have he suffer any injury or trauma of any kind ? captain sharp he 's ok . social SERVICES very good . how do I get to you ? captain sharp the fastest way be by seaplane . jed can bring you in with the mail . social SERVICES I will come tomorrow morning , if that 's acceptable to you . be someone able to ( more ) 60 . social SERVICES ( cont would ) provide reasonable care and nourishment for the boy until that time ? captain sharp uh-huh . social SERVICES be that a yes ? captain sharp uh-huh . social SERVICES very good . I will contact you again before the end of the day . Social service start to hang up the telephone . Captain sharp say abruptly : captain sharp wait a second . social SERVICES ( hesitate ) yes ? captain sharp Social service ? social SERVICES ( evenly ) Captain sharp . captain sharp ( anxious ) what 's go to happen to he ? pause . Social service put down she pen . she clasp she hand together in front of she . she say finally : social SERVICES well , normally , we would try to place he in another foster home , but that option be no longer available to we , in my opinion , with he case history -- which mean he will go to juvenile refuge . Captain sharp exchange a look with scout master Ward . scout master Ward interject : scout master ward what 's that ? a orphanage ? Social service frown . she ask calmly : 61 . social SERVICES who 's speak ? scout master ward this be scout master Ward . Social service refer to a document in she file - folder . she nod . social SERVICES right . a orphanage -- but the first step be the admission panel require a psychological evaluation to determine whether or not the boy 's a candidate for institutional treatment or electroshock therapy . Beyond that -- captain sharp ( interrupting ) Excuse I . shock therapy ? why would that be necessary ? he 's not violent . Social service pick up the document . she point to it . social SERVICES the report describe a assault with scissors . captain sharp ( objecting ) that be the girl ! who do that . social SERVICES ( pause ) well , maybe she need help , too -- but that 's not we job . ok ? captain sharp ( long pause ) ok . Social service hang up the telephone . Becky pull the cord out of they socket . scout master Ward look to Captain sharp . silence . Becky open a tin of home - make lemon bar . Captain sharp decline one . scout master Ward try one . he look completely enchant . int . bishop' house . night the live room . there be a wicker rock chair , a vase fill with wilted wildflower , and a portrait of some 62 . pilgrim hang over a stone fireplace . lionel , Murray , and rudy sit together on the floor play parchesi . Mr. Bishop lurch into the doorway , shirtless . he carry a open bottle of red wine with a glass in one hand and a long - handle woodsman 's axe in the other . mr. bishop I will be out back . lionel , Murray , and lionel look up from they game . Mr. Bishop hesitates . he seem slightly disorient . mr. bishop I be go to find a tree to chop down . Mr. Bishop exit . pause . lionel roll a pair of dice . int . suzy's bathroom . night Old linoleum floor . Dark curtainless window . one bare light bulb . suzy sit erect in the bathtub stare blankly into space . Mrs. Bishop wash she with a soapy sponge . suzy 's clothes and leather folder be in the corner with the kitten scratch at they . mrs . bishop I do know what you be feel , suzy-bean . I have have moment myself where I say : what be I do here ? who make this decision ? how could I allow myself to do something so stupid -- ( with feeling ) -- and why be it still happen ? we woman be more emotional . you have to remember -- suzy turn to Mrs. Bishop and interrupt : suzy I hate you . mrs . bishop ( hesitate ) do not say " hate " . suzy why not ? I mean it . mrs . bishop you think you mean it . in this moment . you be try to hurt I . 63. suzy exactly . ( pause ) I know what you do with that sad , dumb police man . you go to bed with he . Mrs. Bishop look stunne . she say quietly : mrs . bishop he 's not dumb , but I guess he be kind of sad . anyway , we should not discuss that . it 's not appropriate for I to even acknowledge what I already just say . Mrs. Bishop see something stick out of the leather folder . she pull it out and stare at it . it be the " coping with the very Troubled child " pamphlet . she look to suzy . suzy look away . Mrs. Bishop sigh deeply and say , on the verge of tear : mrs . bishop poor suzy . why be everything so hard for you ? suzy start to cry . she cover she face . her voice break as she say : suzy we be in love . we just want to be together . what 's wrong with that ? Mrs. Bishop put she arm around suzy . suzy shake , silently sobbing . Mrs. Bishop pull some twig and stem out of suzy 's hair . she study the beetle earring . she say wearily : mrs . bishop oh , my God . how be we go to get this fish-hook out ? int . airstream trailer . night Captain sharp cook sausage on a skillet in a kitchenette . he have a bottle of beer in he hand . Sam sit wait at a fold - out table with a glass of milk in front of he . he say without look up : SAM I admit we know we would get in trouble . that part 's true . we know people would be worried , and we still run away , anyway -- but something also happen which we do not do on purpose . when we first meet each other . something happen to we . 64 . Captain sharp stir the sausage in the pan . he nod . he say seriously : captain sharp I agree with you . that 's eloquent . I can not argue against anything you be say -- but I do not have to , because you be twelve year old . Captain sharp bring the skillet to the table and serve three link onto one plate and three onto another . he sit down . captain sharp look , let 's face it , you be probably a much more intelligent person than I be . in fact , I guarantee it -- but even smart kid sometimes stick they finger in electrical socket , if you see what I mean . it take time to figure thing out . it 's be prove by history : all mankind make mistake . it 's we job to try to protect you from the dangerous one . if we can . Captain sharp pour a inch of beer into a glass and slide it over to Sam . captain sharp you want a slug ? Sam nod . he and Captain sharp both drink sip . Captain sharp ask gently and sincerely : captain sharp what 's the rush ? you have get you whole life in front of yourself . ahead of you , I mean . SAM ( shrug ) maybe so . anyway , you be a bachelor . captain sharp ( defensive ) what do that have to do with it ? so be you . SAM ( sadly ) that 's true . do you love someone ever ? 65 . captain sharp ( pause ) yes , I do . SAM what happen ? captain sharp she do not love I back . SAM ah. Sam consider this . Captain sharp look depressed . they start eat they sausage . Captain sharp say quietly : captain sharp I be sorry for you loss . anyway , that 's what people say . SAM thanks . captain sharp what happen ? SAM a drunk truck driver smashed into they . captain sharp ( pained ) good grief . silence . Captain sharp refill both they beer glass . int . scout master ward tent . night scout master Ward sit on he cot in he pajamas again with a cigarette in he mouth . his tape recorder be recording . he say into the microphone : scout master ward scout master 's log. September fourth . scout master Ward hesitates . he think for a minute . he take a deep breath . he close he eye . he open they again . he look desperate . he look up at the ceiling . he shake he head . he press stop . he kneel on the floor with he palm together and smoke . there be a slight commotion outside . scout master Ward shout : 66 . scout master ward Stow it , out there ! I want to hear some Z's ! int . tree house . night the fort sixty foot above the camp . it be still under construction . the entire troop ( with the exception of redford and Sam ) have gather for a clandestine meeting . they all wear pajamas . skotak stand on a balcony with he back to the group and he hand on a wooden railing . gadge I hear he 's go to reform school . deluca I hear they be go to take out a piece of he brain and send he to a insane asylum . roosevelt I like he girl . panagle she 's too scruffy for I . nickleby supposedly , they get to third base . lazy - eye that 's not true . he just feel she up . roosevelt ( deeply intrigued ) over - shirt or under-shirt ? skotak slam he fist on the railing . everyone look startle . skotak turn around to face the group . he say angrily : skotak damn we . the railing collapse behind skotak , rip part of a wall and a row of shingles off the structure as it fall away . there be a moment of silence before it hit the ground with a splintering thud . skotak hesitates . he move a half - step away from the edge . he continue : skotak this troop have be very shabby to field mate Sam shakusky . in fact , we have be a bunch of mean jerk . why 's he so unpopular ? I admit , supposedly , he 's ( more ) 67 . skotak ( cont 'd ) emotionally disturb -- but he 's also a disadvantaged orphan . how would you feel ? skotak move among the group , look from face to face , as he asks : skotak nickleby ? deluca ? lazy - Eye ? ( from the heart ) gadge ? skotak circle around the edge of the tree house . he say with feeling : skotak he 's a fellow khaki scout , and he need we help . be we man enough to give that ? so part of he brain do not get remove out of he . skotak stand still . he say mysteriously : skotak they be prepare to die for each other out there . silence . the other scout begin to murmur to each other , shaking they head , shrugging , whisper , and gesture . finally , deluca look up to skotak . deluca what do you need ? skotak ( excite ) for starter ? Three yard of chicken wire , some rip - up newspaper , and a bucket of wheatpaste . ext . bishop' house . night a thick tree have be chop almost completely through its trunk . for some reason , it remain stand . Mr. Bishop sit on the ground lean against it . he breathes heavily . the axe rest across he lap . a twig snap . Mr. Bishop look up , listen . pause . he drink a sip of wine . in the background , on the other side of the lawn , five small silhouettes run silently in a row away from the house into the tree on the leave . a moment later , one taller silhouette ride a bicycle silently away from the house into the tree on the right . 68 . ext . dirt road . night Captain sharp sit on the hood of he station wagon . Mrs. Bishop lean against it with she bicycle in front of she . they smoke cigarettes . Captain sharp say sadly : captain sharp in other word , it 's over . mrs . bishop I guess so . for the moment . captain sharp until further notice . mrs . bishop that 's right . captain sharp I understand . mrs . bishop I have get to do better . for everybody . captain sharp except I . mrs . bishop except you . captain sharp ( sincerely ) well , I hope you can . I think you will . you be do the right thing . pause . Captain sharp suddenly slide he hand inside Mrs. Bishop 's shirt onto she breast and simultaneously kiss she -- then just as suddenly get into he car and start the engine . Mrs. Bishop hesitates . she reach inside the window and put she hand on the top of Captain sharp 's head . she say , worried : mrs . bishop who know what 's go to happen , duffy ? I will probably see you tomorrow . captain sharp ( calmly ) no , you will not . silence . the motor idle . Captain sharp say distantly : 69 . captain sharp I admire they , you know ? there 's a purity to it . I only feel bad because they both seem like such unhappy , lonely , miserable people -- but maybe that 's romantic . mrs . bishop ( puzzle ) I do not see it that way . Captain sharp put the car into gear and drive off . Mrs. Bishop finish she cigarette . she get on she bicycle and ride away . int . airstream trailer . night a burn match drop down into the fireplace near the foot of a bunk where Sam lie sleep . he have the sheet pull up to he chin , but he toe stick out . he open one eye . Dust descend and settles . something scrape and scratch . the flame burn out . Sam slide slowly off the mattress and creep across the floor . he crouch in front of the fireplace . he flick on a scout flashlight and see : the end of a hang rope . Sam lean quickly into the fireplace and look straight up , shine he flashlight . skotak be look down at he from the top of the chimney . he put he finger to he lip . Sam whisper sharply : SAM get out of my chimney . skotak listen to I . we be here for friendship . we be go to get you off this island . SAM ( long pause ) no , thanks . skotak yes , thanks . this be a emergency rescue . SAM it 's worthless to I . there 's no point . not without suzy . skotak gesture for Sam to wait . he disappear from view . a moment later , suzy 's face appear at the top of the chimney , smile toothily . Sam look ecstatic . 70 . SAM how would you get here ? suzy they snuck I down the laundry chute and leave a paper - mach dummy in my bed . SAM ( impressed ) diversion tactic . good think . CUT to : the next room . Captain sharp sleep in boxer short on the floor of the kitchenette in the dark . he snore quietly . ext . rough channel . night five mini-canoe race across a wide , choppy strait close to the open sea . skotak , deluca , nickleby , gadge , lazy - Eye , panagle , Roosevelt , chef , and izod paddle aggressively . we hear in voice - over : SAM ( v.o. ) where we go ? skotak ( v.o. ) Fort Lebanon . my cousin Ben run the supply and resource outpost for the Jubilee . he 's a falcon scout , legionnaire . cousin ben'll know what to do . SAM ( v.o. ) can we trust he ? skotak ( v.o. ) normally , I would say no . Sam and suzy ride in the back of the canoe that skotak row . Sam have he arm around suzy 's waist . the kitten be on she shoulder . Sam see the portable record player among suzy 's thing . SAM do you leave another note for lionel ? suzy not this time . he can not keep he trap shut . besides , I will probably never see he again . 71 . SAM that 's true . CUT to : a pebble beach below high dune . large wave sweep into the shore . spray blow through the air . there be a black lighthouse on a rocky point in the distance . the narrator stand at the water 's edge hold a meteorologist 's measure stick . he brace himself against the gust wind . he speak to the camera : narrator this be the island of St. Jack Wood , extend far north from land 's end along the deep - water channel that lead to Broken rock . a low flood - plain separate the beach from the town - ship above . a small but prosperous community . the narrator take out a pocket barometer . he read it . he say gravely : narrator the barometer read twenty - seven inch and drop . strong wind , as you can see , already at twenty - two knot . ( check he watch ) the time be now four thirty - five a.m. the narrator walk quickly out of the shot . the five canoe land on the beach with the tide . Sam , suzy , skotak , and the rest of the troop quickly jump out and drag the boat up the shore . int . bishop' house . night the room be black . Mr. and Mrs. Bishop lie in separate single bed side - by-side . they both stare at the ceiling . the window rattle , the wall creak , and tree sway outside . Long pause . Mrs. Bishop whisper : mrs . bishop do you file the motion for continuance ? peabody vs. Henderson . mr. bishop it be sustained . mrs . bishop good . 72 . mr. bishop ( pause ) do the judge consider you application for leniency ? Rogers vs. yentob . mrs . bishop he grant it . mr. bishop great . silence . Mrs. Bishop 's voice break as she say quietly : mrs . bishop I be sorry , Walt . mr. bishop it 's not you fault . which injury be you apologize for ? specifically . mrs . bishop specifically ? whichever one still hurt . mr. bishop ( wistfully ) half of that be self - inflicted . Mrs. Bishop shake she head and smile with tear on she face . a powerful blast of wind shake the room . a night - light blink . Mr. Bishop have a lump in he throat as he say : mr. bishop I hope the roof fly off , and I get suck up into space . you will be better off without I . mrs . bishop ( sadly ) stop feel sorry for yourself . mr. bishop ( pained ) why ? Mr. and Mrs. Bishop look across at each other in the dark . Mrs. Bishop say desperately : mrs . bishop we be all they have get , Walt . Mr. Bishop take a deep breath . he say finally , with a dawning realization : 73. mr. bishop it 's not enough . int . stone cave . night flashlight and lantern flame flicker over the jag wall . skotak be curl in a blanket on a high rock . gadge be tuck into a sleep bag under a ledge . the troop nestle on rock and ledge in bedroll and sleep bag all around the deep cavern . Sam lie on he back on one of the bedroll smoking he pipe while suzy sit indian - style next to he . she read aloud from a book call annabelle 's Midnight . there be a illustration on the cover of a blonde girl climb out a window onto a trellis with firefly circle around she . suzy " -- but I be not go , " say barnaby Jack . " I be run away tonight for good , and this time I will not get catch . " annabelle whisper : " I be come with you . " her yellow hair , now brown at the root , catch up in the wind and dance . barnaby Jack take annabelle 's hand and press something into it the size of a jellybean . " hide this in you sock , and be ready at midnight . " suzy look to Sam to see if he be still awake . Sam look to the rest of the troop to see if they be still awake . they all nod and signal for suzy to continue . suzy turn the page and read on : suzy he leapt out the window and land in the fresh - fall snow . ext . scout camp . day the next morning . Camp ivanhoe . scout master Ward emerge from he tent . he put on he hat . the wind whip it off he head . he chase it , catch it , and put it back on with the chin-strap tight . he frown . he shout : scout master ward no bugle ? no reveille ? lazy -eye , gadge , deluca , izod ? where 's my troop ? let 's go ! you be late ! scout master Ward try to light a cigarette , but the match blow out . he walk past the latrine , the workbench , the row of smaller tent , and the charcoal grill . he throw he hand into the air . 74 . scout master ward chef ? Breakfast ? scout master Ward shake he head . he arrive at the picnic table and ring he bell . he sit down . he open a new issue of indian corn . there be a picture on the cover of a scout troop rappelling in tasmania . he struggle to keep the rippling page from turn by themselves . insert : the first page . there be another draw of the scout master - in - Chief . this time he be behind the wheel of a ship . his signature below , once again , read Commander pierce . there be a quotation in large text : " anyone can hold the helm when the sea be calm . " pause . scout master Ward lower he magazine . he look around , confuse . something dawns on he . int . command tent . day a small entourage of teenage scout study map , chart , and document at fold table . one of they sit at a telegraph machine . he wear headphone and tap morse code on a paddle as he listen to a transmission . he look puzzle . he swivel he chair to a steno - machine and begin type rapidly . ext . command tent . day a triple-sized tent with a canopy in front and a large totem pole loom over it . it stand on five - foot stilt . there be a school bus park next to it with letter paint across its side which read Regional Jubilee . a forty - five - year- old scout master with several medal on he chest be sharpen a straight razor . he be Secretary mcintire . he adjust a hot towel on the face of a man in a barber 's chair . the young telegraph operator hurry out of the tent carry a strip of paper . he hand it to Secretary mcintire . Secretary mcintire stare at it . he say to the man under the towel : secretary mcintire you be not go to believe this one , sir . that scout master on New penzance ? have now lose he entire troop . the seat man whip the towel off he face and rise to he foot . he be Commander pierce himself . he have silver hair , a moustache , and a much great number of medal . he say in disbelief as he snatch the slip of paper : 75 . commander pierce well , I will be damned . who be this bimbo ? secretary mcintire ( vaguely ) I could not say . Commander pierce shake he head . he continue to study the document as he sit back down . Secretary mcintire begin to lather he cheek with a brush . CUT to : a vast archway of wood , straw , and rope construction . Fort Lebanon be spell out across the top with bound stick . a large flag wave madly on a pole read khaki scout of North America . a bugler on a platform play the familiar staccato tattoo . it echoe for mile . Sam and suzy wait inside the gate crouch behind a row of trash can with the rest of the troop except skotak . they shiver . Sam have on he back - pack . suzy carry she suitcase . gadge hold a tennis ball can . a scout master in a indian chief 's headdress stop as he walk by . he look curiously at Sam and especially suzy . he say to nickleby : guard scout who 's you unit leader ? pause . nickleby point to a fat man in a apron cooking hamburger on a grill . nickleby that guy . the scout master shrug . skotak come over and say furtively : skotak there 's a break gum - ball machine behind the snack tent . skotak distribute a handful of gum - ball among Sam , suzy , and the rest of the troop . they all put they in they mouth . skotak motion for everyone to follow he . a footbridge across a stream lead to a quonset hut with a awning in front label supply tent . a crowd of very young scout wait at a wide counter barter over box of food , drink , and equipment . a team of helper collect money and package goods . at the center , there be a twenty - year - old 76 . scout with a pencil behind he ear . he be cousin Ben . he say to a nine - year - old junior khaki : cousin BEN I do not care how they do it where you come from . you want pop ? you want candy ? you want a snake- bite kit ? get some money . skotak appear and whisper something to cousin Ben . cousin Ben nod . he say to he customer : cousin BEN come back in five minute . cousin Ben pull a curtain shut behind the counter . ext . wooden promenade . day Sam , suzy , skotak and the rest of the troop follow cousin Ben briskly out a door and onto a cat - walk that run along the top of a wall make from tall , point log . as they talk , they walk past dozen of row and cluster of tent group by color in the field below . they walk past tower , hut , ladder , latrine , and a catapult under construction . they walk past a white infirmary with a red cross on it and a doctor take a boy 's blood pressure . they walk past a fleet of small , antique sailboat fly assort troop banner . five hundred scout and fifty scout master work , eat , talk , cook , and play sport and game all around the compound in spite of the fierce wind . one group ride motorcycle , another fire model rocket , another fly by overhead on a cable-trolley . cousin Ben point to Sam and ask skotak over the sound of the wind : cousin BEN be this he ? SAM field mate Sam shakusky , troop 55 , resign . cousin BEN he 's hot . almost too hot . what 's in the can ? skotak seventy - six dollar -- but it 's mostly in nickel . cousin BEN give it to I . 77 . skotak motion for gadge to hand cousin Ben the tennis ball can . it appear to be very heavy and jingle as it move . cousin Ben take it . he say to Sam : cousin BEN you badge in seamanship ? SAM yes , sir . Sam point to one of the patch on he sash . it have a anchor embroider on it . cousin BEN good . there 's cold - water crabber moor off Broken rock . the skipper owe I a i.o.u . we will see if he can take you on as a claw cracker . it will not be a easy life , but it 's better than shock therapy . SAM thank you , sir . by the way , where 's the chapel tent ? cousin Ben hesitates . he point behind they with he thumb : cousin BEN back there , but the padre 's home with the mump . why do you ask ? SAM I want to bring my wife . cousin Ben stop walk . he look Sam up and down . suzy say behind he : suzy but we be not marry yet . cousin Ben turn to suzy . he look back to Sam and back to suzy again . cousin BEN you he girl ? suzy nod . cousin Ben look intrigue . he say tentatively : cousin BEN technically , I be a civil - law scrivener . I be authorize to declare birth , death , and marriage . you be kind of young . you get a license ? 78 . Sam and suzy shake they head . cousin Ben nod . he speak more gently now : cousin BEN I can not offer you a legally bind union . it will not hold up in the state , the county , or , frankly , any courtroom in the world due to you age , lack of a license , and failure to get parental consent -- but the ritual do carry a very important moral weight within yourselves . you can not enter into this lightly . do you love each other ? Sam and suzy immediately nod . cousin Ben continue : cousin BEN be you sure you be ready for this ? Sam and suzy immediately nod . cousin Ben look perturb . cousin BEN let I rephrase it . suzy ( interrupting ) we be in a hurry . cousin BEN ( snapping ) spit out the gum , sister . in fact , everybody . cousin Ben put out he hand . suzy spit she gum into he palm . he throw it away over he shoulder . Sam and the rest of the troop spit they gum out on the ground . cousin Ben say sternly : cousin BEN I do not like the snappy attitude . this be the most important decision you have make in you life . now go over by that trampoline and talk it through before you give I another quick answer . cousin Ben watch as Sam and suzy walk away and stand next to a large trampoline . a small scout jump from a high ladder , bounce , and do a back -flip . CUT to : Sam and suzy uncertain how to begin the conversation . Sam shrug . 79 . SAM I guess we better try to pretend we be struggle over we decision for a minute before we go back over there and tell he -- suzy maybe he 's right . it could be a mistake . Sam look stunne . he be speechless . he stammer : SAM what ? why ? how ? suzy be marry . sometimes it seem sad to I . it might be better to just go steady permanently . Sam shake he head . he look off into the distance . he say quietly : SAM I do not know what to say . CUT to : cousin Ben count nickel in the tennis ball can . he jerk he thumb toward Sam and suzy and say dismissively : cousin BEN I guess they be probably just try to pretend they be struggle over they decision , but at least -- skotak woah ! cousin Ben look . suzy have she hand around Sam 's throat and be throttling he . Sam squirm loose and calm she down . the troop watch transfix . Sam take a snapshot out of he pocket and show it to suzy , explain . suzy nod . they come back over to the group . there be tear on suzy 's cheek . she say to cousin Ben : suzy we be sure . cousin BEN ok . let 's do a blood test . int . chapel tent . day cousin Ben stand at a collapsible altar . he wear a purple , silk steal around he neck with cross stitched into it . Sam 80 . and suzy hold a Bible with they hand on it . skotak and the rest of troop listen solemnly as cousin Ben read from a manual : cousin BEN -- which we hereby consecrate on this day , the fifth of September , 1965 . ( looking up ) that 's the end of the short - form . do any of the witness have objection or remark ? usually , they do not . skotak raise he hand . cousin Ben reluctantly call on he : cousin BEN skotak . skotak can we loan they the nickel ? I be worried about they future . cousin BEN ( offended ) that 's my fee . skotak and the rest of the troop look very concerned . they murmur to each other : nickleby what 's go to happen to they ? gadge nobody know . deluca let 's take a vote . skotak all in favor -- cousin BEN ( loudly ) that 's my fee . skotak and the rest of the troop look to cousin Ben . cousin Ben glare at they . he sigh . he point to skotak . cousin BEN you be just like you brother . ok , give they the tennis ball can . cousin Ben point to the tennis ball can on the floor next to he foot . skotak take it and zip it into a side - pocket of 81 . Sam 's back - pack . cousin Ben hand Sam and suzy a receipt on a clipboard . cousin BEN sign here -- and initial here and here . Sam and suzy sign and initial . cousin Ben tear out a copy . cousin BEN take the carbon . leave the Bible . let 's go . Sam and suzy turn and walk out of the chapel tent hold hand . they do not smile . cousin Ben , skotak , and the rest of the troop follow they with grave expression on they face . Sam touch suzy 's hair . suzy kiss Sam 's hand . they walk as a group through the camp . omit ext . camp marina . day Sam , suzy , skotak , and the rest of the troop wait at the end of a narrow dock . cousin Ben stand below they in a small sailboat . he reach up to suzy and lift she onboard . he reach up to Sam and lift he onboard , too . he rig the sail . Sam smile sadly . he and skotak do the secret handshake . the other quickly join in . suzy blow they a kiss . everyone look choke up . cousin Ben unloop a line . the sail quickly catch the strong wind , and the boat sail away into the harbor . skotak and the rest of troop wave and salute . they watch , bittersweet . pause . nickleby where they go again ? gadge he 's go to work on a shrimper , if I understand correctly . skotak ( wistfully ) I wish they well . lazy - eye I , too . I , too . skotak sigh . he turn and start up the dock . the other follow he . Roosevelt hesitates . he point . 82. roosevelt I think they be come back . skotak and the rest of the troop stop and turn around . the sailboat glide back in . Sam leap onto the dock with the tennis ball can . suzy look worried . cousin Ben yell : cousin BEN be quick , sailor ! skotak ( puzzle ) what happen ? SAM ( quickly ) she leave she binocular on a hook in the chapel tent . deluca ( shrug ) just leave they . Sam sprint up the dock . he yell back over he shoulder : SAM we can not . it 's she magic power ! CUT to : a binocular shot of Sam run full - speed through the compound . he approach quickly -- then skid to a stop . ext . chapel tent . day redford block the entrance . he be dress in white hospital pajamas with a red cross on the breast pocket . his side be heavily bandage and he arm be attach to a I / V drip . he lower suzy 's binocular . Sam stand freeze in front of redford . redford stare at he icily . Sam start to say something -- then pause . he say , instead : SAM you kill you dog , by the way . redford ( hesitate ) snoopy ? ( shrug ) well , it could not be help . Sam nod . he ask quietly : 83. SAM why do you consider I you enemy ? redford frown . he say in disbelief : redford because you girlfriend stab I in the back with lefty scissors . SAM she 's my wife now . redford congratulation . SAM I be say before that . six week ago . from day one . what would I do wrong ? I be try to understand . ( in summation ) why do not you like I ? redford ( long pause ) why should I ? nobody else do . Sam run up to redford and poke he as hard as he can in the scissor cut with he finger . redford scream . scout and scout master everywhere stop what they be do and look to the chapel tent . across the compound , Commander pierce come out of he tent , alert . Sam whip the binocular out of redford 's hand , turn away , and sprint . no one move anywhere except Sam dash toward the marina . redford shout at the top of he lung : redford he 's here ! the fugitive ! stop he ! a emergency alarm sound . the entire camp swing into action . two team of scout play capture - the-flag descend from both side and cut Sam off from the dock . they wear red and yellow jersey over they uniform . suzy jump out of the boat onto the dock . Sam see she beyond the blockade of scout . she wave she arm . Sam throw up he hand . he sprint in a new direction , onto a wide field . there be a small , pink flag on a thin stick stick in the ground at the center of a plastic ring . Sam grab it as he run past . he look back and see : 84 . a mob of fifty scout chase he . he circle in a giant figure eight trail by the huge group . he race up a hill and stop at the top . Sam look down at the approach scout and hundred of other watch . a dark cloud roll in casting a giant shadow over the entire camp . Sam throw the little flag down at he pursuer like a javelin . it sail in a arc and poke down into the grass . there be a thunderclap . Sam look up into the sky . a bolt of lightning strike he . Sam be throw ten foot through the air and land on he back . the tennis ball can explode nickel . the mob of scout stop with a jolt . they look terrify . Sam sit up . he be cover in black soot . his shoe be on fire . he shake they off he foot . suzy run through the crowd of scout and drop down on she knee in front of Sam . she look astonished . Sam say quickly : SAM I be ok . suzy help Sam to he foot . Sam raise suzy 's smolder binocular to he eye . skotak and the rest of the troop join they . CUT to : a binocular shot of a ladder lean against a high fence . SAM shout : SAM follow I ! Sam lead suzy , skotak , and the rest of the troop fly at a sprint to the fence , climb the ladder , and pull it up after they . a bugle play a cavalry charge . the mob bolt after they . CUT to : split-screen . on one side of the frame , we see Captain sharp , scout master Ward , and Becky wear they operator head - phone . on the other side , we see Commander pierce , Secretary mcintire , and the commander 's entourage inside the command tent . Commander pierce say into he field - telephone : commander pierce Captain sharp , we have locate the miss troop . they just fle camp . we be in ( more ) 85 . commander pierce ( cont would ) pursuit . they be accompany by a twelve - year - old girl in knee - sock and Sunday - school shoe . captain sharp stand by , Commander pierce . Captain sharp spin around in he chair and flip a switch on a two - way radio . he say into a microphone : captain sharp jed , re-route to St. Jack Wood . tell Social service the boy 's be spot at Fort Lebanon . jed ( v.o. ) Roger that . will comply . Captain sharp set down the microphone . he turn to Becky . captain sharp Becky , notify the bishop : suzy 's there . Becky nod . Captain sharp turn to scout master Ward . captain sharp Randy ? you monitoring ? scout master Ward be already on he foot . he peel off he head - phone . scout master ward affirmative . I be on my way . Becky plug a cord into a socket and say : becky hello ! Mr. Bishop ? Captain sharp look out the window with a sense of dread . int . bishop house . day Mr. Bishop listen on the telephone with a strain look on he face . Mrs. Bishop watch he intently . mr. bishop oh , dear God . Mr. Bishop grab Mrs. Bishop by the wrist . he say grimly : mr. bishop get the boy . 86 . Mrs. Bishop raise she megaphone to she mouth . she shout : mrs . bishop let 's go ! right now ! int . seaplane . day a dehavilland beaver in heavy rain and turbulence . jed speak into he radio while piloting the aircraft . Social service sit beside he in the passenger 's seat . she look queasy but determine . jed Tower control , this be jed . confirm co - ordinate for new destination : alpha-two - two -seven-one-fiver . look pretty soupy up here . would not mind set down before the pot boil over . ( to Social service ) hang on , Social service . jed press the yoke forward , and the plane dip hard . Social service brace against the dash . ext . motorboat . day scout master Ward steer he outboard through the open channel . the boat crest high over deep swell , flooding over in wave . scout master Ward be drench . he do not flinch or even appear to notice . ext . forest path . day Sam , suzy , skotak , and the rest of the troop scramble through the wood as fast as they can . there be flash of lightning and pound thunder . suzy trip on a root , and Sam pull she to she foot . Sam trip on a rock , and suzy pull he to he foot . int . command tent . day the commander 's entourage be frantically pack up they portable telephone , p.a. system , fold table , collapsible chair , etc . one of they wrap a tarp around box label firework . insert : a transistor radio . the announcer say urgently : weather man ( v.o. ) once again : storm water have just breach the dam at Black beacon ( more ) 87 . weather man ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) reservoir . a flash flood alert be in effect . take immediate precaution . Commander pierce and Secretary mcintire listen to the report . Secretary mcintire say gravely : secretary mcintire that 's come we way . Captain pierce nod , worried . the capture - the-flag scout in soaking jersey gather , wind , outside the tent . one of the team captain stand in the entrance breathe heavily . Commander pierce point to he : commander pierce you find they ? team captain no , sir . commander pierce ( to the entourage ) prepare to mobilize to higher ground . Secretary mcintire hand Commander pierce a envelope with red-and - white stripe on it . Commander pierce rip it open . he read : commander pierce St. Jack Church be the designate storm shelter . ( to Secretary mcintire ) notify all scout to muster outside my tent on the double . insert : the St. Jack 's Church poster box . another mimeograph page be staple to the bulletin board . the head be now summer pageant , 1965 . it read : benjamin britten be " noye' fludde " perform by the chorister of St. Jack Wood and New penzance 8 pm tonight performance cancelled omit int . episcopal church . day the set for the ark stand on the platform behind the altar . there be candle and garland in place , but also stack of 88. cardboard box and gallon of distil - water . numerous animal costume hang from a roll garment rack . a old nun cross the aisle carry a large , metal coffee dispenser . two young priest cross in the opposite direction carry fold cot . voice shout urgently off - screen : voice ( o.s. ) more sandbag ! we need dry blanket ! wake up the deacon ! Sam , suzy , skotak , and the rest of the troop slowly poke they head in from the side door and creep up the stair to the choir loft . ext . scout festival . day the entire brigade of scout stand assemble in formation in the rain . the last two straggler come run and hurry into they position . they all wear rain slicker or canvas ponchos . Commander pierce , Secretary mcintire , and the commander 's entourage emerge quickly from the command tent . Commander pierce shout : commander pierce attention , company ! prepare for -- Commander pierce hesitates . he point down to the marina and say to Secretary mcintire : commander pierce who 's that ? Secretary mcintire and the commander 's entourage turn to see : scout master Ward speed toward the dock in he motorboat . he leap to shore , throw a line over a post , and sprint up to the assembly . he salute Commander pierce . Commander pierce frown and ask with quiet ferocity : commander pierce you call yourself a khaki scout ? scout master ward ( hesitate ) I be sorry , sir ? commander pierce ( enraged ) where 's you goddamn troop ? they could get kill out there ! scout master ward ( surprised ) you do not have they ? 89 . commander pierce ( disgust ) you be a liability to we . secretary mcintire ( in explanation ) the incident may affect we insurance premium . Commander pierce look at scout master Ward 's breast pocket . insert : a name - tag that read scout master Ward next to a patch with a picture of a snow - cap mountain . it say k.s.n.a. Leadership underneath . Commander pierce say bitterly : commander pierce I be field - stripping you of you command . Commander pierce rip the patch off scout master Ward 's uniform and throw it aside . he hold out he hand , palm up . scout master Ward look stricken . he reach into he pocket , take out he scout pocket - knife , and hand it Commander pierce . Commander pierce put it into he own pocket . he shout : commander pierce attention , company ! prepare for emergency evacuation ! Secretary mcintire lean close to Commander pierce . he whisper discreetly : secretary mcintire Sir , do you have you medicine ? Commander pierce hesitates . he hold up a finger . commander pierce I will be right back . Commander pierce stride back into the command tent . Secretary mcintire look to scout master Ward , uneasy . scout master Ward stare down at the ground . the flash - flood explode out from the wood . gush water pour down the hillside , cut a swath through the center of the camp , and tear down everything in its narrow path . the command tent suddenly become a tiny island at the center of a rush river . 90 . the company be take aback . scout master Ward stiffen , watchful . the totem pole creak and sway , then fall cleanly onto the command tent , split it down the middle . Inside , something spark , pop , then blow up . the tent burst into flame . Secretary mcintire do not react . he stand perfectly still , watch the fire . scout master Ward tap he , grab he , and shake he . Secretary mcintire look at he blankly . scout master Ward make a snap decision . he turn to the company and shout : scout master ward hold you position ! scout master Ward run ahead , splashes into the raging flood , wade through it against the current , dodging branch and debris , then pull himself up onto the fall totem pole and walk balance on it to the burn tent . he disappear inside . Secretary mcintire and the vast company watch , rivete . scout master Ward come out the opposite side of the tent onto the other end of the fall totem pole carry Commander pierce over he shoulder . he descend back into the water , trudge through it , and step up onto the embankment . the company look deeply , permanently impressed . scout master Ward holler : scout master ward company Secretary ! status report , sir ! Secretary mcintire hesitates . he stir to attention and say enthusiastically : secretary mcintire all account for , scout master ! scout master ward supply and resource ! call it out ! cousin Ben give a a-ok sign near the front of the assembly . he shout : cousin BEN affirmative , sir ! scout master ward fall in ! we be go to run for it , boy ! let 's move ! the entire company follow scout master Ward with Commander pierce over he shoulder at a fast jog out of the camp . 91 . int . episcopal church . day the room have now be convert into a full - fledge refugee center . families from the town - ship huddle in pews with bag and pile of they wet belonging . Priests and nun distribute towel and sandwich to frighten child . dog and cat prowl nervously . sandbag be stack in low wall outside the door and window . the rain beat on the roof , and lightning continue to flash through the stain glass . a side door open . Captain sharp come in from the storm with Mr. and Mrs. Bishop . lionel , Murray , rudy , and the two old fisherman follow closely behind they . they slam the door . Captain sharp look around frantically . captain sharp who 's in charge here ? another side door open . scout master Ward jog in with Commander pierce still over he shoulder and the entire company behind he flooding into the room . Captain sharp yell to he : captain sharp Randy ! what happen ? scout master Ward go over to Captain sharp and turn he back to he , jogging in place . scout master ward take the commander off of I . Captain sharp help Commander pierce down off scout master Ward 's back and into a pew to rest . Secretary mcintire assist they . Mr. Bishop stride up the aisle yell to the leave and right : mr. bishop suzy ? Sam ? scout master ward ( shaking he head ) they run away again . Mr. and Mrs. Bishop grimace , unbelievably frustrated . scout master Ward address the scout : scout master ward we be go back out . I need volunteer . hand raise . scout master Ward pass out walkie-talky as he choose he squad : 92 . scout master ward you , you , you , you -- Becky step in front of scout master Ward with she hand raise . scout master Ward hesitates . scout master ward -- and you ? Becky take a walkie-talkie . she look at scout master Ward with admiration and ask , concerned : becky be you all right ? scout master ward ( warmly ) of course , I be . come on . scout master Ward lead Becky by the arm through the crowded church as they begin to gather supplies : extra flashlight , a flare gun , coil of rope . Captain sharp look up to the choir loft . eleven child dress in animal mask sit quietly in a row . Captain sharp do a double- take . one of the animal be a otter wear Sunday -school shoe and binocular around its neck . next to she be the male of the species in a sash with numerous small , embroider patch on it . the front door open . there be lightning , thunder , wind , and rain . Social service enter . she take off a wet cape with a red lining and hand it to a acolyte in a robe . jed press the door shut behind they . Social service ask immediately : social SERVICES where 's the boy ? Captain sharp hesitates . he say reluctantly : captain sharp we do not know yet . social SERVICES that 's not acceptable . captain sharp ( pretend to be irritate ) what do you want I to say , lady ? ( to no one in particular ) somebody get jed a cup of coffee . the acolyte run to the coffee dispenser with a cardboard cup . Social service charge over to Captain sharp . 93. social SERVICES you be Captain sharp ? captain sharp that 's right . social SERVICES I be Social service . I remand the boy to you personal custody . you be responsible for he safety . I be tell he be just strike by lightning . Captain sharp frown . he look to scout master Ward and say skeptically : captain sharp that 's the first I hear of it . scout master ward ( unfortunately ) it 's true . Captain sharp try to process this . Social service now move in on scout master Ward . she say aggressively : social SERVICES scout master Ward , I presume ? scout master ward yes , mar 'am . social SERVICES ( bitingly ) you reputation precede you . Captain sharp and scout master Ward stand side - by-side in front of Social service . she berate they : social SERVICES you two be the most appallingly incompetent custodial guardian Social service have ever have the misfortune to encounter -- ( shout ) -- in a twenty - seven year career ! Captain sharp and scout master Ward look sheepish . Social service say bitterly : social SERVICES what do you have to say for yourselves ? Captain sharp hesitates . he say strangely : 94 . captain sharp you can not do this . they will eat he alive in there . social SERVICES ( hesitate ) where ? captain sharp ( aside , to scout master Ward ) what 's the name of the place again ? scout master ward ( hesitate ) juvenile refuge ? captain sharp ( horrified ) juvenile refuge . that sound like jail . silence . in the background , the acolyte pick up panagle 's walk stick weapon off the floor . he stare at it , puzzle . Social service say carefully : social SERVICES just find the boy -- and deliver he -- ( motion to herself ) -- to Social service . nothing else be in you power . mr. bishop ( sharply ) I be sorry . Social service , Captain sharp , and scout master Ward turn to Mr. and Mrs. Bishop . Mr. Bishop look tense . mr. bishop can we get back to the rescue now ? mrs . bishop ( urgently ) suzy 's still out there . social SERVICES ( frowning ) who be you ? scout master ward Walt and Laura Bishop . they daughter 's the miss girl . social SERVICES the parent of the stabber ? 95 . mrs . bishop I object to that description . she be attack . Commander pierce appear with a oxygen mask over he face . he pull it aside briefly and say to Secretary mcintire : commander pierce I want the detail . where 's the scout she knife ? secretary mcintire right here . Secretary mcintire snap he finger and give a signal . redford appear . redford field mate redford , sir . commander pierce ( through the oxygen mask ) what 's he condition ? secretary mcintire he may suffer some limited chronic kidney insufficiency . here 's the report . Secretary mcintire hand Commander pierce a doctor 's report . Mrs. Bishop snatch it and throw it over she shoulder . mrs . bishop we do not have time for this ! scout master ward she 's right ! social SERVICES let 's go ! Social service turn and start up the aisle . she stop suddenly . Captain sharp be stand in they path brandish panagle 's walk stick weapon . captain sharp nobody 's go anywhere . everyone stop . Captain sharp lock eye with Social service . he say in a steely voice : captain sharp he 's not get shock therapy . 96 . Social service look furious . her jaw set . she reach inside she jacket and withdraw a small pad label Citation Book . social SERVICES that 's it ! I be cite you for gross misconduct ! you be hereby summon to appear before the board of -- Captain sharp look enraged . he grit he tooth . he reach into he back pocket and withdraw a similar pad label boat violation . captain sharp I be write you up back ! be notify that you stand accuse of the mistreatment and improper -- social SERVICES ( scream ) what be you talk about ? captain sharp ( scream ) I will not let you do it ! redford ( scream ) look ! everyone look . redford be stand on a pew with he arm stretch out point up at the choir loft in amazement . the troop be there , but Sam 's and suzy 's seat be empty . there be a flash , a bang , and all the light in the room go out at once . people gasp . candle flicker alight on candlestick . a back - up generator kick into gear , hum , and the room fill with a new , different light . Captain sharp say to himself : captain sharp they be go . mr. bishop ( confuse ) who ? mrs . bishop ( uncertain ) suzy ? 97 . captain sharp ( yelling ) Sam ? scout master ward ( shout ) gadge ! lazy-eye ! skotak ! social SERVICES ( realizing ) they be here ? Captain sharp stride down the aisle . he shout up to skotak : captain sharp where would they go ? answer I ! skotak hesitates . he and the rest of the troop all look up to a small , rickety , attic door . it be slightly ajar above a long , narrow ladder behind the pipe of the organ . Captain sharp bolt up the step . everyone follow he , run . ext . church roof . night the storm rage . Captain sharp open a trap door onto the high eave . face appear in numerous window below , look up . Mr. and Mrs. Bishop poke they head out behind Captain sharp . on the far end of the rooftop , Sam and suzy huddle together at the base of the high steeple . Captain sharp stare up at Sam and suzy , dumbstruck . Sam and suzy quickly start climb a rusty gutter up the side of the steeple . Captain sharp look astonished . he hollers : captain sharp halt ! stop ! Sam and suzy continue to climb . Captain sharp shout back to Mr. and Mrs. Bishop over the roaring wind : captain sharp stay there ! scout master Ward appear and thrust out the coil of rope . he yell to Captain sharp : scout master ward take this ! 98 . Captain sharp throw the rope over he shoulder and advance . Mr. and Mrs. Bishop both crawl out after he , but scout master Ward pull they back . Mr. Bishop look to Mrs. Bishop . they be both terrify and helpless . they hold on to each other tightly . CUT to : Captain sharp tight -rope-walk along the edge of the slippery roof with he arm stretch out sideways , balance . he army - crawl up steep slate shingles and reach the bottom of the steeple . he look up . Sam and suzy have arrive at the top . they inch away sideways around a ledge and disappear to the other side . Captain sharp 's voice strain : captain sharp where you go ? what be you do ? come down ! Captain sharp rub he eye . he knot one end of the rope around he waist and tie the other to a pipe at the foot of the gutter . he pull the rope tight , press he foot on the wall , and get ready to start climb -- then stop suddenly . he hesitates . he pull the walkie-talkie off he belt and yell into it : captain sharp Social service ? do you read I ? over ! CUT to : Sam and suzy at the top of the steeple stand with they back against a paint cross . they look out . the entire church have become a island . the cemetery be under water , and the circle street be fast river . suzy turn to Sam . they both appear relatively calm . suzy we might have to swim for it . SAM how deep be it ? I do not bring my life jacket . suzy I do not know , but if it 's too shallow , we will break we neck , anyway . hang onto I . SAM ok . 99 . Sam and suzy link arm . CUT to : Captain sharp climb the steeple as Social service yell at he over the speaker of he walkie-talkie : social SERVICES ( v.o. ) application deny ! I be sorry ! over ! captain sharp ( frustrate ) counsellor ? what 's the legal perspective ? over ! CUT to : Mr. and Mrs. Bishop watch from the trap door with scout master Ward . Mr. Bishop 's eye widen . he turn quickly to Mrs. Bishop . she nod , energize . Mr. Bishop grab scout master Ward 's walkie-talkie and shout forcefully : mr. bishop in this state ? I would litigate with extreme confidence . mrs . bishop ( absolutely ) I concur . mrs . bishop ( inspire ) open with article fifteen of the code of Civic jurisdiction . mr. bishop ( from memory ) no party , under any circumstance , shall be deny due and proper consideration ... CUT to : Social service ' face , inscrutable , as she listen . CUT to : Sam and suzy prepare to jump . they each take a deep breath . suzy on three again . SAM ( suddenly ) wait . just in case this be a suicide , or ( more ) 100 . SAM ( cont 'd ) they capture we , and we never see each other again anymore -- thank you for marrying I . I be glad I get to know you , suzy . suzy look deeply move . she kiss Sam . a little electric zap crackle at they lip . suzy 's eye widen . suzy I think you have still get lightning in you . SAM let 's jump . Sam and suzy look down at the water again . Captain sharp 's voice scream from off - screen : captain sharp ( o.s. ) no ! Sam and suzy recoil . Captain sharp appear , cling to the corner of the ledge . he shout : captain sharp goddammit ! Sam and suzy retreat slightly . Captain sharp wave he hand in surrender . he yell into the walkie-talkie : captain sharp tell he ! over ! Captain sharp hold out the walkie-talkie . Social service voice come over the scratchy speaker once more . she shout : social SERVICES ( v.o. ) Captain sharp be offer to assume the responsibility of foster parenthood ! CUT to : scout master Ward watch from the trap door with Mr. and Mrs. Bishop . he say excitedly into he walkie-talkie : scout master ward he want you to live with he ! CUT to : Social service watch from a attic window . she say softly into she own walkie-talkie : 101 . social SERVICES be this acceptable to you , Mr. shakusky ? CUT to : Sam stare at Captain sharp . Captain sharp say hopefully : captain sharp what do you think , pal ? tear stream down Sam 's cheek in the rain . he look to suzy . she nod . she hold Sam 's hand , and Sam reach out to take Captain sharp 's . Captain sharp say into the walkie-talkie : captain sharp we be come down ! over and out . CUT to : Inside the church . the congregation listen on another walkie- talkie . they be all just about to burst into a cheer -- when there be a second , brighter flash follow by a much louder bang and then a terrible , thunderous , rip explosion . the light go out again . everyone scream . ext . church roof . night scout master Ward , Mr. and Mrs. Bishop , and Social service stare with they mouth open in freeze horror . the entire steeple have disappear . only a twisted stump remain . off the edge of the roof , at the end of the rope , dangle in the rain , Captain sharp hang swinging with Sam 's hand in he fist and suzy 's in Sam 's . voice shout in a panic above . Sam and suzy look up at Captain sharp . he say to they evenly , sway above the rush water : captain sharp do not let go . CUT to : Three day later . the detach steeple of the church lie on its side on the roof of a smashed volkswagen . the ground be cover with strewn branch and trash . sandbag still surround the building . the narrator stand in front of the wreckage and address the camera : narrator the Black beacon storm be consider by the U.S. Department of inclement weather to be the region 's most destructive ( more ) 102 . narrator ( cont 'd ) meteorological event of the second half of the twentieth century . ext . school yard . day a basketball backboard stick up out of nine foot of stand water . the net graze the surface . the narrator sit in a rowboat float alongside it . narrator it lingered through six high - tide and inundate the island with punish wind and extreme high water . ext . public beach . day a enormous neon ace -of-spade with the word open spell in break light - bulb above it be jamme sideways into a sandy beach . brightly paint wooden plank be litter everywhere . the black lighthouse remain intact in the background . the narrator , now tiny in the frame , continue : narrator on St. Jack Wood , powerful surge break the arcade boardwalk and demolish the village bandstand and casino . ext . scout camp . day one week later . a repair Camp ivanhoe sign be be hoist up into place above the entrance . scout throughout the camp hammer , chop , nail , and see . insert : scout master Ward 's portable night stand . the reel - to-reel tape recorder be recording . the photograph of the scout master -in - Chief at the matterhorn have be replace by a picture of Becky operate she switchboard . int . scout master ward tent . day scout master Ward say into the microphone : scout master ward scout master 's log . October tenth . reconstruction continue increasingly ahead of schedule , which I attribute to a particularly robust esprit de corps among the troop . the latrine , however , continue to present -- scout master Ward notice skotak and a young boy with glass stand in the doorway . he say , off -mic : 103 . scout master ward be this the new recruit ? skotak yes , sir . scout master ward what 's he rank ? skotak he do not have one . scout master ward ( enthusiastically ) pigeon scout ! let 's get you a patch . scout master Ward press stop on he tape recorder and lead skotak and the young boy out of the tent . the narrator continue : narrator the coastal area of New penzance be batter and change forever . insert : the narrator 's nautical chart . the cove be no longer identify . narrator ( v.o. ) mile 3.25 tidal inlet be erase from the map . ext . wide meadow . day one year later . the sky be blue . wildflower grow in the tall grass . the narrator , now in shirtsleeve , conclude : narrator but harvest yield the follow autumn far exceed any previously record , and the quality of the crop be say to be extraordinary . the narrator linger for a moment , look into the camera -- then turn away and walk down the hillside . int . bishop' house . day the landing at the top of the staircase . the portable record player sit on the braid rug with the turntable spin . a child 's voice say over the speaker : 104 . record player ( v.o. ) so you see , the composer Benjamin britten have take the whole orchestra apart . now he put it back together again in a fugue . lionel , Murray , and rudy lie on the floor on they stomach , propped up with they chin on they fist . they listen . suzy sit in a small armchair read a book call the return of auntie lorraine . there be a illustration on the cover of a leathery , old woman and a girl with a pony - tail look together into a crystal ball . the kitten scratch at suzy 's foot . Sam sit on a stool painting a picture at the small easel . he wear a miniature version of Captain sharp 's short - sleeve uniform with a black necktie and a baseball cap . Mrs. Bishop 's amplify voice boom from the bottom of the stair : mrs . bishop ( o.s. ) suzy ? lionel , Murray , rudy ! dinner ! Sam start . lionel , Murray , and rudy look up from the record player . suzy be impassive . Mr. Bishop 's voice take over the megaphone : mr. bishop ( o.s. ) do not make we ask twice ! lionel , Murray , and rudy jump to they foot and race down the stair . Sam dash to the window . he open it , climb out , and disappear . suzy close she book and rise to she foot . Sam 's head poke back up from below . he and suzy lock eye . Sam smile . he whisper to suzy urgently : SAM see you tomorrow . suzy smile back . Sam duck away . suzy go over to the window and look out with she binocular . CUT to : a binocular shot of Sam drop to the ground and run across the back lawn , into the tree . he come out on the dirt road where Captain sharp wait , sit on the hood of he station wagon , smoking a cigarette . they both get into the car and drive off . 105 . suzy lower the binocular . she pause in front of the easel and look at the picture . she walk quietly away down the stair . the kitten follow she . the record continue to play on the empty landing . the camera move in toward Sam 's painting on the easel . it be a watercolor landscape of mile 3.25 tidal inlet . the tent be pitch on the beach , and Sam 's and suzy 's clothes hang on the clothesline . written in the sand with seashell just at the water 's edge be the word : moonrise kingdom