moonlight written by Barry Jenkins base on " in moonlight Black boy look Blue " by tarell Alvin mccraney first , over black , we hear ... the SOUND of the ocean , then ... fade in : ext . 58 th terrace/13th ave - day 1 a bright Miami day . or what we can see of it : we gaze fix , look into the front windshield of a wide , vintage car ( think 60 , american ) . at the wheel find juan ( 30' , some sort of afro-latino thing about he ) pull towards we and come to a stop . behind he , a shady , rundown apartment building abut the road , three boy stand outside it . Juan cut he engine , exit the car and begin across the street . the boy tense up as Juan approach , make room as he continue all the way over to the brick wall behind they . juan Business good ? one of the boy , terrence ( 18 , dreadlock and rail thin ) , bow he chest to speak . terrence Business good . everybody clean out , it 's in the cut if you want it . Juan just nodd he head , look at the ground stretch before they , kind of day where phosphorous fume wave above the asphalt . juan hold on to that , register do not empty till ' the weekend , feel I ? terrence nodd , the other boy ' head bow slightly , a hierarchy here . as terrence remove a chocolate yoohoo from he back pocket ... «+. - a zombie approach . or rather , a customer , tall , lanky , haggard look man approach across the road . terrence ( to himself ) this muh --- 2 . the haggard man , continue over , get near enough to stand right over Juan . Juan look up , simmer . juan azu you okay , man ? azu ( 30 , break ) stagger a bit , face unsure : azu ( realizing ) oh my bad Juan . no disrespect . juan what you need ? azu you know you my man , right Juan ? juan azu do not bring that noise . I get sell , not sample . azu reluctantly extend some bill to Juan . Juan pay the money no mind , look straight ahead as terrence lean in , take the money . beat . terrence nigga you know the drill . azu sigh , turn and begin down the block slowly , deliberately . terrence watch he go , then ... .+- motion to one of the other boy , the boy watch azu carefully then slip away , around the corner of this complex , the third boy place he back at the corner of the building . as the other boy appear from around the corner again , hand stuff in he pocket ... little boy 1 ( 0.s. ) get that nigga ! Juan look away from terrence , across the road and see ... ext . housing project - day - continuous 2 Three young boy ( adolescent , 12/13 year old ) with stick chase little ( similarly age but smaller , a runt ) who be run , terrify . 3a 3 . the three boy laugh as they give chase but ... this be not a game , more like a hunt . Little cross the street in a panic , enter a unfence lot , head for the rear most corner as the boy close in , chase he through -- ext . condemned build / crackhouse - day - continuous 3 a unhinged fence -- Little squeezing through , do not look back as the other boy attempt to shimmy and wiggle they way though , too big to glide through like Little . little haul ass , chest heaving as he round the corner on this condemn building . on instinct , the stair take two at a time , reach the second story landing and push he way into ... int . condemned build / crackhouse - day - continuous 3a quickly : Little close the heavy door behind he , engage the dead -bolt . beat . a beat of listen , the SOUND of footstep hurry up the step , rush to the door and ... pounding . madness and pound , the boy cackle like hyenas as they beat the live hell out of that door . Little shrink , back away and cover he ear . the SOUND of thing crack under he foot as he move : the ground be cover with glass and syringe , small plastic vial roll around all over . the pound stop . Little stare at the door as he hear the boy descend the step with that same juice energy . Little 's eye never leave that door -- wait , anticipate , expe -- bang ! a window , the rear bedroom . do not shatter , just a loud , percussive thump . Little creep across the room -- the same crunch of glass beneath he foot , creep into ... the rear bedroom : more light in here than in the front , from that window . Little edge up to it , lean away to not be see . slowly , stealthily , he raise he eye above the threshold , sees the three little bad ass who chase he . on cue -- thump ! a ratty shoe clanging off the windowpane . reflex -- Little startles , throw himself against the adjacent wall . 3b 4 . as he clinch he eye close , breath cloistered up in he chest -- up CUT to : a glass pipe .+- hold up to catch the light . int . condemned build / crackhouse - day - later 3b Little stand in the kitchen of this place , hold the aforementioned glass pipe , stare at it closely . he set it down , start open cabinet and drawer , just a kid explore , when ... bam bam bam ! -- thudding from the live room . Rather than the door , a pound on the front window , on the board up wood nail shut where glass would be . Little huddle in on himself , look on terrify as ... .+. a light , a hand as the edge of the plywood give , a full - size of it give way to reveal a tall figure , calm . adjusting for the light , we see he fully : it 's Juan . Juan reach a leg over the threshold , stand just inside without encroach on Little 's space . a beat as the two take each other in , then : juan what you doin ' in here , 1il 's man ? Little say nothing , just watch he . juan you do not talk to stranger , huh ? Juan take a step forward ... and Little take a step back . juan ( raise he hand ) alright . it 's cool . we cool . Juan run a hand across he scalp , think -- what the hell do he do ? juan well listen : I be 'a go get something to eat . you welcome to join I , I mean .... Juan begin across this small space , get a hand on the deadbolt : juan mind if I take the front door ? Juan open the door , step onto the porch , turn back . his stance open , one hand on the door , the other open , extend toward Little . juan come on , now . can not be much worse out here . off Little ... CUT to black . and over black , the title card : little i. omitted 4 int . royal castle - day 5 Juan and Little at a booth , plate of food sit between they . juan so ... Little just eat , not a single other care in the world but this meal . juan you not go ' tell I what yo ' name be ? nothing . Little finish a drumstick , dip a biscuit into the gravy there . he 's hungry . juan what about where you live ? gotta get you home , man . can not just have you runnin ' round this dope hole . 5 a Juan reach across the table now , slowly pull Little 's tray over to he side . Little just look down at the empty table before he . juan my bad , 1il ' man . I would not do you like that . I apologize , alright ? Juan slide the food back to Little with he leave hand , with he right reach across to touch the boy 's shoulder : juan I apologize , alright ? Little look up now , hold Juan 's gaze a moment . nod he head in assent . off Juan ... CUT to : omitted 5a int / ext . juan be car - day - moving 6 Juan at the wheel . and on the stereo , the same song bridge from the previous scene , something old school but slowed ( like Al Green 's let 's stay together ) chop and screw . Juan ad-lib with the music , croon . Little give he the weirdest . juan ( teasing ) what ? you do not know nothing ' bout that chop and screw ? Little shrink into he seat , shy . Juan just shake he head , megawatt smile as they push on . ext . juan be home - day 7 a plot of land , a modest bungalow set way back from the road , the longest grass driveway . Juan shutting the driver 's side door of that cadillac , beginning up the lawn toward the front door of this place , call out : juan Teresa ! Juan continue up the walk as a woman , ( teresa , 20 , motherly ) appear at the front door , step onto the porch as Juan gesture back to ... int / ext . juan be car - day - continuous 8 Little still sit in that passenger seat . look out beyond that windshield , Teresa and Juan talk , gesture animatedly back at the car . Little shrink down in the seat a bit , suddenly bashful as ... ... Teresa begin towards we , towards he . Little watch the whole way as she approach , make she way down to the driver 's side of that cadillac , a hand to the door there and ... ... take a seat . a meeting of eye between Little and Teresa , look right into one another . the longest beat , then ... int . juan be home - night 9 Juan , Teresa , Little gather at a modest dining table , the two grow - up watch the child go to work on what appear a delicious plate of home -cook . something odd about this dining room : the wall be two color , in the midst of be paint . a few paint tin and roller line the floor , a work in progress . juan you do not talk much but you damn sure can eat . Teresa smile . teresa that 's alright , baby . you talk when you ready . Little look up from he plate at that , something about Teresa 's voice , she presence , click with he . little my name chiron . ( and ) but people call I Little . 10 11 teresa I be go ' call you by you name . Little shrug . teresa where you live , chiron ? little Liberty City . teresa you live with yo ' mama ? a nod yes from Little . teresa and what about yo ' daddy ? nothing . not a blink , not a nod , barely a breath , just stillness . teresa you want we to take you home , then ? ( and ) after you finish eat , maybe ? Little lowering he eye now , gaze go to the table in front of he : little no . Teresa and Juan exchange a look : a confirmation between they . teresa okay then . okay . you ... you can stay here tonight . would you like that ? Little nodd yes . off Juan take in this kid ... omitted 10 int . juan 's home , spare bedroom - day 11 little : fast asleep , extremely close to he here , chest rise and fall with the soothing rhythm of sleep . 12 13 reverse angle : juan . stand above the boy , watch he sleep . int / ext . juan be car - day - moving 12 the window down , a steady but mute wind , Little with he head lean out the window there . Juan watch the boy as he drive , take he eye away from the road to look across the bench seat every now and then . ext . paula 's apt - day 13 Juan and Little stand on the porch of this close apartment , Juan 's hand on Little 's shoulder . they be wait , Juan look through the curtain there , no tell if anyone 's inside or not . be raise he hand to knock once more , when ... voice ( 0.s. ) what happen ! ? Juan turn , see a thin , exhaust ( but attractive ) woman hurry over . this be paula ( mid 20 , Little 's mother ) . from the look of she uniform and a badge that read '' Paula Harris , '' a nurse , just off the night shift . she go right to Little , pull he into she arm , shield he from Juan : paula what happen chiron ? why you do not come home like you suppose to ?! nothing from Little , eye cast down , afraid , ashamed . Paula look up to Juan , finally get a good look at he : paula and who be you ? Juan consider this , be oddly unsure how to respond , so ... juan nobody . ( and ) found he yesterday . found he in that hole over on 15th . and at Paula 's face drop with recognition : 14 10 . juan yeah . that one . Paula lowering to she knee , eye-level with Little again , inspect he : juan would not tell I where he stay until this morning . some boy chase he into the cut . seem scared more than anything . Little embrace Paula , bury he face in she chest . Paula hold on but look past he , she and Juan hold eye . Paula rise , Little slip behind she . paula thanks for see to he . he usually can take care of hisself , he good that way , but ... Paula look past she son , past this man , thought drift off . from the look of she , just a hardwork single mother in over she head . Juan 's gaze linger over she , clearly see the same and yet ... just a bit more . int . paula' apt - day - later 14 Paula stand as Little sit on the couch -- Paula stand above Little , hand on hip . do not speak , just look at the boy , a bewilder look . still in that uniform , strain at the corner of she eye . paula you a real damn prize , chiron , you know that ? Little just look at he foot , stare at the floor . paula you get ’sta come home when you mean to come home , you hear ? nothing from the boy . Paula get down to a knee , take both he shoulder in she hand : paula you hear ? 15 11 . a slow nod from Little , do indeed . a beat and , like a wave , something relax in Paula , make she soft , loving again . paula that 's alright baby , that 's alright . Paula rest a hand on Little 's head , pull he in tight . paula mama just want to make sure you be okay , that 's all baby . Paula still hold on to Little , to say it 's for dear life would not be at all a exaggeration . she release he and , on cue , Little plop himself down in front of the television , reach for the analog dial , but -- paula nuh uh , you tv privilege be revoke , buddy roe . off Little ... ext . gwen cherry park —- day - moving 15 at first , just dirt and rock , patch of grass come into view intermittently as we move over this landscape . a beat , then ... ... the sound of heavy footfalls , twelve to fifteen boy ( age nine to fourteen and of various shape and size , all black ) , thunder past . we go into this Mass of ENERGY .+.a wild series of image , we view whipping to and for as the boy converge and attack , everyone of they focus on a single boy zigging and zag amongst they . that boy finally on the ground , a mass of body as all the other boy pile on top , a true gang - tackle . the boy unpile now , one by one rise from the scrum , unveil the grass -stain body of a fifteen - year - old boy smile ear to ear . the tackle kid rise , get up hold what appear to be a wad up bunch of newspaper at he chest . all eye on it as he balance it in he hand before toss it ... 16 12 . in the AIR ..- float , hang up there forever until it land ... at little' feet Little look down at this thing in disbelief . all eye on Little here , voraciously on Little , menace , harm , hunger all write there . Little back away slowly , one foot behind the other , but ... .++.- someone kick the ball , move it along after he , stalking he . they all circle Little , no room to back away farther , no escape . a beat of eye -- expectant , punitive eye -- then ... a breath , a flash , a miracle : some thing reach into the scrum , down low at Little 's foot , snatch the wad away . pandemonium , all mind and body follow that hand , that paper , the scrum muscle past Little , leave he bump but spare as the action move away , elsewhere along this ruddy excuse for a field . Little bring a hand to he eye , look after all the movement down there : in the center of all that boy , another kid nearly he size but , in the determination on he face and bravura of he run , a bit ... tougher . off Little watch the boy rip and run and evade kid twice he size ... ext . gwen cherry park - day 16 Little walk alone along this side street . kick rock , grab the branch of small tree , listless when he hear ... voice ( 0.s. ) hey Little ! from a way off that come , Little look back , into the sun . can not quite make he out at first but squinting to see he better , a bit of familiarity : it 's the kid who just save he ass . 13 . Little wait as the kid hurry to catch up . he 's a bit fuck up , shirt tear , a scratch along the bridge of he nose . kid wassup man . little hey Kevin . kevin ( a facsimile of Little but stronger , more break in ) . kevin why would you leave ? little I 'o not know . Kevin fall into step , the boy walk together now . kevin yeah , it get borin ' after a while , I guess . the boy continue on , Little look to he new friend every now and then , check he . kevin ( at Little 's look ) what ? Kevin reach for he own face now , hand to he chin : kevin be it bleedin' ? Kevin turn he head just so , invite Little to inspect . Little reach over , touch Kevin gently at the neck , just below he ear . Little bring he hand back to himself without a word , just this walk , arm swinging , the sound of they foot along the pavement . small glance from one to the other . Kevin smile : little what ? kevin you funny , man . little why you say that ? 17 14 . kevin you just be , that 's all . again this walk , lack of word , just they arm swinging , movement . up ahead , the school they have be walk beside all this time give way to a field . they be head right for it . Kevin tap Little , gesture . ext . gwen cherry park - day 17 Kevin and Little stand before one another in this clear , face to face , like ancient samurai before a contest . kevin see , you just gotta show they niggas you be not soft . little I be not soft . always and forever a hothead this one . kevin I know man , I know . but ... ( pause for effect ) .-»- do not mean nothin ' if they do not know . no response from Little , maybe he get it , maybe he do not . no matter .... kevin come on .... Kevin grab he , place one arm across Little 's shoulder , the other around he waist , rest he head in Little 's chest . kevin ... let 's wrestle . Little limply obliging , visually , physically passive . kevin come on man , you want this niggas to pick on you every day ? that get to Little , the boy lock on , muscle tensing : they be wrestle . 18 15 . this be anthropology , anatomical vignettes , the struggle of this two boy isolate to the simple , incomplete movement of partially glimpse body . this be child . sexuality be absent this image and yet , the hint of something sensual , fleeting in its appearance ; Kevin 's cheek wedge close to Little 's neck , blade of grass stick to they skin . the boy on the ground , turn and roll and laugh , huffing through exhaust breath . slowly , they voice go mute , the only sound the movement of they body against each other , against the grass . physical exhaustion . the boy lie flat . beat . both Little and Kevin on they back , look skyward , chest heaving from the exertion . Kevin pop tall to he foot , fix he mottle shirt . kevin see chiron , I know you be not soft . Kevin look back at Little , look down at he lie there , Little fully return he gaze , this fourteen page the first time he 's look at anyone thus . ext . juan 's home - day 18 a picnic style table on Juan 's front porch , two deck chair haphazardly beside it . Little be sit atop the picnic table , small bookbag toss to the side , shirt distress and grass-ss-ine from wrestle . a pencil in hand , he 's do homework . a beat with Little , diligently at he work , time table or some such thing , then ... ... the SOUND of tire ease to a stop , Little 's eye rise , gaze out after the noise . set he pencil down as the noise cease -- break pad squeaking , the sound of a car door open . Little lowering he eye as footstep approach . after a beat of that step near ... reverse angle : Juan stand here , key turn over in he hand , head cocked to the side , a puzzle look . 19 16 . Little slowly , but ... assuredly raise he eye to meet Juan 's . beat . Juan look from Little to the road and back . the look on he face : how would he ??? ext . miami beach , shore - day 19 Juan and Little stand ashore , both of they pull off they shoe , they shirt . this be Miami , both already dress in short , this heat . Juan move away , head toward the surf . Little follow , hurry to catch up , literally take hold of Juan 's shirt as they move ... into the ocean ..- away from shore , slow , awkward step , foot in sand . and Little so small , the water rise quickly . Juan still move away from shore , notice Little no longer beside he . look back , the boy a few meter behind . Little look to Juan and back to the shore behind he , gaug the distance between the two . the look on Juan 's face : well ? Little diving into the water before he , face down , arm flail , fight the water as much as he 's move through it . Juan steadying himself , buttress himself against the current as he reel Little in . the boy cling to he , gasp for air , spitting out salt water . juan hey hey hey , I get you lil ' man , I get you , calmate , calmate . it 's movie magic but they be a good way out now , thirty , forty yard from shore . the water 's not so deep out here , Juan stand . Little be far out beyond he height however , Juan support he , hold he out at arm length . juan you alright ? a nod from Little as he wipe saltwater from he eye . 17 . juan good , good . now ... you gotta help yourself now , gotta move you leg , keep yourself up . Juan watch as Little flail he leg beneath the surface . Juan laugh . juan Nah , not like a chicken , you gotta move ‘em side to side like , like you make wave with you foot . Juan go into a tread , very smooth , like someone raise in the water , bear at its edge . Little take it to heart , do a passable job of tread . juan not bad , not bad . ( and ) Bet you be not know you could float , huh ? Juan take a hand and place it under Little 's leg , gently gesture he onto he back : juan trust I , I get you . Little laid flat atop the surface now , bob with the wave . juan now just relax , alright , relax . Little comply -- Little float , the look on he face pure joy . for once , a kid . juan see ? Juan slowly , gently , ease he grasp , let Little go : juan relax now , stay relaxed . see ? Juan circle as Little continue to bob with the surface , swim around Little for this last part , be circle he . juan you ready to learn how to swim ? 20 18 . little yeah . Juan stand again , get he arm under Little and turn the boy face down in a swim position . juan alright , you see I swim , right ? nod from Little . juan okay , do like I do , do not put you head under water . and you arm , try and do them like I do mine . Little mimick Juan 's swim as Juan hold he aloft , Juan hold he fully in place for this practice . juan smoother , more easy 'like . Little settling noticeably , gradually . it 's a stretch but ... look passable , like maybe he could . Juan turn he back upright , Little go back to he awkward tread . juan alright 1il ' man . I think you ready . Little consider that , bob in the ocean as he tread . his eye on the water stretch out before he , endless . even in this die light , stretch on forever . meet Juan 's gaze now . find compassion , hope there . off Juan ... ext . miami beach , shore - day 20 Little and Juan sit ashore , a towel wrap around the boy as they watch the moon come up . the moon make its first appearance on the horizon -- SOUND of the wave run back and forth , to and from shore . little Juan , can I ask you somethin' ? juan yeah 1il ' man , ask I whatever . 19 . Little nodd , take he time , oddly nervous about this : little okay ... why you name Juan ? juan how you mean ? little Juan be like a Spanish name . ( and after a think ) but you black just like I . Juan turn he head to the boy . a smile and then a full blow laugh , Juan lose it . juan ( through he laugh ) Little , you a funny lil ' dude , you know that ?! Juan slapping he knee here , really enjoy this moment . juan ( come down ) let I tell you something ' : it 's black people everywhere , you remember that , okay ? ai not no place in the world be not what get no black people , we be the first one on this planet . Little embarrassed , poke at the sand before he . Juan place a hand to he shoulder : juan I be from Cuba . lotta black folk in Cuba but you would not know it from be here . be a wild lil ' shorty just like you , use to run around with no shoe on when the moon be out . Juan 's thought drift , take he away from here for a beat . to that wave possibly , arrive on this shore from that other shore he 's describe not so far away . juan this one time ... I run by this old , old lady , be just a runnin ' anda hollerin ' and cuttin ' a fool , boy . and this old lady , she stop I and she say to I , ' look at you . 21 20 . juan ( cont 'd ) I be a lil 's bad ass too , you know . ' she say , ' look at you 's and I say ' look at you ! 's then she smile and she say , nrun around catch up all this light . in moonlight 's she say , ' black boy look blue . you blue , 's she say . ' that 's what I be go call you : Blue . 's off Little . ext . paula' apt - night 21 Little and Juan approach the apartment complex . juan so how you like swimmin’ ? nothing from Little . Heard he but the word too heavy to present themselves . juan that good , huh ? Juan grab Little 's head and playfully shake it . the boy smile , bashful , happy . they reach Paula 's apartment , Little knock and call out : little mama ! a beat , then ... Paula 's at the door , a bit drowsy , dishevel in a way different than the work weary version glimpse before . a moment of Juan take in Paula . none of they utter a word for a moment , just the distinct sound of a can open from inside the apartment , all of they note it . little hey mama . juan I -- Paula take Little by the shoulder , pull he inside . 22 23 24 24a 21 . int . paula' apt - night 22 Little stand away from Paula , face open and curious as we see what he see : a average , work class black man -- longshoreman type -- sit at the small dining table just off the kitchen . Paula stand as this man sit watch Little , neither of they seem very familiar with the other ; neither seem very interested in the other . a lot of busy work from Paula there , take thing into she arm : glass thing , aluminum thing , curious thing we cannot quite see . paula ( at man ) come on . Paula head off toward the rear bedroom , the man quietly rise after she , the can of Old English we hear open clutch in he hand as he follow she across the apartment . Little watch the procession -- confuse , suspicious -- eye linger on the bedroom door as it close behind they . omitted 23 int / ext . elementary school - day 24 Little enter the front gate of this school . no other kid around , he 's either late or early as a school guard wave he through . int . elementary school , dance room - day 24 ab a open room : high ceiling , grey dance mat span the bulk of the room , mirror run the length of two wall , a ballet studio . Fifteen to twenty boy and girl move about -- no coordination , just movement and silliness . we find Little among they , throw he head back , move he hip to lord know what rhythm . and holy hell : for the first time all film , it look like he might be have fun as we ... CUT to : 24b 25 22 . int / ext . elementary school - day - moving 24b move with Little as he make he way along a exterior pathway within this school . his backpack pull tight on he shoulder , no one else around as he cross this space . ahead of he , a wooden plank appear , lead to adjoin portable classroom . Little head up the path , step into ... int . elementary school , portable classroom - day 25 Little take two step in , stop immediately . reverse angle : a circle of boy ... seven in a semi-circle , they back to we , older look for a elementary , all of they look down and in on one another . all eye go to Little , a hurried , hushed business . one of the boy break away from the circle , hustle over . as he near , he identity become clear : this be Kevin from we earlier '' wrestle . '' kevin somebody with you ? a nod '' no '' from Little , Kevin move past he , over to the portable door and '' lock '' it . grab Little 's shoulder strap , pull he over to the circle . kevin I swear it be lock . ... wedge Little ... inside the circle ... the other boy barely pay attention as we take they all in , drift from face to face inside this circle . all they eye and hand be cast down : they be compare they dick . we drift within this circle : portable boy 1 yo 's shit ugly as hell . portable boy 2 so , at least mine be not a peanut . 23 . portable boy 3 he get a freddy kruger dick , yo’ shit look like freddy . portable boy 1 yo 's shit be not even that big , it 's like the same size as mine , look . Boy 1 lean into the circle , he head nearly but Boy 2's , face he , they may as well be touch dick . portable boy 1 see ! Boy 1 distract now , look over at Little . portable boy 1 who let he ass in ? kevin ( 0.s. ) he just come in . Kevin be over at the door again , play lookout . portable boy 1 what they call you ? Little , right ? portable boy 1 show you shit . portable boy 3 why you think they call he Little ? laugh from all the tough guy gather , Boy 1 grab Little roughly by the neck , watch as Little reach down to himself , nervously unzip he pants . beat . all the eye here cast down again , stare down at Little , down at he dick . a curious , prolong silence , then ... kevin .-- look back over he shoulder , back at the circle . from he vantage , the back of all that head cast down and focus on Little . off Kevin 's gaze , CUT to ... 26 27 28 24 . int . paula' apt - day ( dusk ) 26 Little enter , stop himself just a few foot inside as the door close behind he . a beat of Little listen to the house , tiny ear perk just so . glance at the far wall -- a modest television use to be there . blink in confusion . off the sound of silence ... CUT to : flame -..a chemical flame of blue and red . int . paula' apartment , kitchen - night 27 the front burner on this gas range , Little 's scrawny , lanky arm set a five - gallon pot of water to the stove . the quick beat of Little before the stove , then ... int . paula' apartment , bathroom - night 28 look down into a quarter full bathtub , fresh water pour into it from the spigot . the run of water stop , the rippling surface slow as footstep tread away . a quick beat , then ... the return of foot-step , the sound of they grow nearer as .... reverse angle : Little here carry that five - gallon pot , from the steam come off it , searing hot with boil water . get it right up to the edge of the tub , expertly , carefully pour it in , face lean back to avoid the steam furiously rise from the surface . finishes this pour and set the pot down behind he , on its side so the handle prop most of its metal surface from the carpet . reaches down to the floor , retrieve a bottle of dollar store dish wash liquid . as he squeeze a ton of this stuff into the water ... CUT to : little ...- in that tub now , soaking in bubbles . 29 30 25 . a beat of the boy at peace . a extend beat of this boy at peace , right here with he for a change , no distraction , no deflection . so young and yet ... so much happen behind that eye . so much weight . int / ext . juan be car - night - moving 29 neck crane out the window , cruise the neighborhood . voice ( 0.s. ) heyyyyy , Juan ! Juan barely nodd at whomever that come from , continue on he way as we CUT to : terrence .-- count out dollar . ext . abandoned complex - night 30 terrence complete a transaction , stuff money into he pocket and nodd in the direction of one of he runner . stand opposite he , a face we have see briefly but will recognize : Paula 's longshoreman . as the longshoreman move off , approach the runner appear from behind the complex , Juan approach , that smooth easy gait of he . it 's a brief moment , but ... Juan and the longshoreman meet eye as they pass one another , nothing of import , but ... a moment . juan .+- approach terrence with a nod , all that need to be speak as terrence nod back , whistle at one of the other boy , send he run off into the cut . terrence be a good one today . just a nod from Juan , he attention elsewhere now , follow after the longshoreman . down the block a way , not close but within shouting distance , we see the longshoreman get into the driver 's side of a Chrysler sedan . beat. 26 . juan they basin 's ? nothing from terrence , just watch the same as Juan . juan you lettin’ niggas light up at the spot , now ? ( move now ) you know the rule , no lightin’ up at the spot . Juan get to the sidewalk now , move toward the longshoreman 's car a block or so up ahead . get there , find the window roll up , a flash of flame emanate from inside . knock on the window . longshoreman roll it down with a drugge out smile , shrugging he shoulder in apology . Juan not amused by the display and , catch a glimpse of the woman in the passenger seat , click into something much more menace : it 's Paula . juan what the fuck ? Juan round the car , waste no time get to the passenger side door , pull it ajar : juan get out . paula who you -- juan get the fuck out . Juan help she out , take she by the arm and pull she to she foot , out here in the road with Juan under street light . terrence and the other hurry over at the commotion , Juan look to the longshoreman ( he 's lighting a cigarette , could not care less ) , wave the boy off . beat . a very long beat , Juan and Paula both in shock , stand in the road with no clue what come next . the longshoreman step from the car , cigarette to he lip , sit on the hood and lean he back to the windshield , puff into the night . Paula clinching in on herself , close she eye , almost childlike to make it go away . 27 . and then , suddenly ... come alive , move toward Juan , every step something click , something change . get right up in he face . paula who the hell you think you be ? Juan shook , never expect she to jump in : paula ( cont 'd ) who the fuck you think you -- juan bitch . Juan grab Paula , push she back against the car , he hand at she throat drive she back as he subdue she . drive she against the hood , release she forcefully . Paula 's eye alight with rage , chest rise as she watch Juan stare at she from across the road . paula so ... you go ' raise my son now ? nothing from Juan , all stillness in he hold this gaze : paula huh ? Juan lowering he eye , legitimately weigh the question . paula you go ' raise my son ? Paula suck she tooth : paula yeah ... that 's what I think . juan ( snap ) you go ' raise he ? paula you go ' keep sellin ' I rock ? Paula turn from Juan , reach into the Chrysler , pull she pipe , a lighter from there . hold he gaze while take a char , black pull . exhales . 31 28 . paula motherfucker . ( and now ) and do not give I that " you gotta get it from somewhere shit '' nigga , I be gettin ' it from you . ( beat ) but you go ' raise my son , right ? Paula exhaling into the night air again , let she head loll a bit to funnel the smoke . place the pipe back into the car now , approach Juan , slow and confident : paula you ever see the way he walk , Juan ? juan watch you damn mouth . Paula real close now , extremely close , she nose at he chin , look up into he eye : paula you go ' tell he why the other boy kick he ass all the time ? huh ? no back down in Paula 's eye , the line draw , so sure in this declaration . and Juan ? all doubt , prospect of follow - through finally before he , have to be reconcile . Paula back away from he , eye never leave he : paula ( over she shoulder ) come on , let 's go . the longshoreman flick he cigarette to the ground , the two of they slip back into the Chrysler , ignition catch . off Juan , CUT to ... int . paula 's apt - night 31 Paula and Little face one another , Little stand at he mother 's foot . we have catch they in the middle of something , just after something . 32 29 . no word speak , but Little 's face : he 's lose . int . juan be home , dine room - dawn 32 perhaps a bit later than '' dawn '' but it 's early . Juan move about in a long - john top and sweat , rub sleep from he eye . the moment would seem pure and sweet be it not for the revolver , the tightly roll wad of bill strewn across the table . Teresa be at the table with a notepad and pen . Teresa be count . Juan move to the table but do not sit . Teresa take up a cup of coffee , give he a look , go back to she ledger . a beat of they in silence this way , Teresa count , Juan think , then ... Juan cross to the near wall , look down to a roller there , a semi-dry pan of paint . he take up the roller , add a streak of white paint . look off a moment , thought gather . add another streak of white , then ... .«.--a pounding at the door , a startle to they both and , as the pounding resume , alarming . Juan slide the wad of money toward Teresa , take up he pistol and head for ... the front door ... Juan just to the side of the door , pistol dangle in he hand . juan who ' that ? a beat , then ... little ( 0.s. ) it 's I . Juan look down in confusion , do not immediately open the door , but ... of course open the door , pistol tuck behind he back to conceal . get a good look at Little . 33 30 . juan ( freak out ) lil 's man . nothing from Little , hold he ground there on the porch , but ... something in he eye . something smolder . int . juan 's home , dine room - day - later 33 Juan and Little sit at the table . again silence from the kid , everything cloistered up inside he . juan alright , first thing first , can not sit at the table like that . Juan rise , take Little 's chair and slide it around the table a bit , stop the boy with a playful jolt : juan do not ever sit with you back to the door , can not see who creepin ' up on you . Little still not amused , a completely straight face : juan I see you mama last night . that get Little 's attention . little ( sotto ) I hate she . juan I bet you do . ( and ) hate mine too . Little look to Juan now , finally a break : juan miss she like hell now . all I be go ' say about that . Teresa step in , set down some kind of juice before they , a glass for Juan , a glass for Little . Juan about to take a sip of he when ... little what 's a faggot ? 31 . Juan ... blindside by that one , unprepare and unequipped to answer that . take a sip of he juice , a deep breath and ... juan a faggot be ... a word use to make gay people feel bad . Little nodd , processing that . little be I a faggot ? juan no . you be not a faggot . ( and ) you can be gay , but ... you do not have to let nobody call you a faggot . ( and after a beat ) not unless ... Juan look to Teresa ; Teresa motion he to quit while he 's ahead . he take another sip of that juice . little how do I know ? again a look to Teresa , a shrug of the shoulder from she : juan you ... you just do . ( and ) I think . Little with both hand around he juice , all he sense focus there as he mind go somewhere altogether different , clearly think deeply , forthrightly about this . Juan reach he cup back to Teresa : juan ( sotto ) gin . ( and to Little ) you do not have to know right now , you feel I ? ( and ) not yet . 32 . Little nodd , from he demeanor comfort by this . in this state , so wounded and curious , invite the empathy . Little 's eye shifting gear . for a considerable beat , be completely to himself , mull something over . lift he eye . from the mouth of babe : little do you sell drug ? Juan 's face ? crushed . he nod yes . little and my momma , she do drug , right ? again , something fall in Juan , hang he head even lower . a nod yes . Teresa come over , place a hand on Juan 's back . Little take a sip of he juice , rise without a word . exit the dining room . the sound of he foot on tile flooring , front door open , close . Juan not move , for once undone . beat . off Juan ... CUT to black . 34 33 . over black , the sound of breathe , not labor or rush but ... proximal , right beside we , then ... fade in : .»».on a teenage black boy stare across a classroom , gaze fix with long . reverse angle : another boy 's mouth , lip full , parte slightly in the act of '' breathe '' hear at scene 's open . as the sound of that breathe escalate ... int . high school , classroom - day 34 chiron ( 16 ) continue he stare . from just the look of he , this be clearly the Little character from moment before age to he teens . mr . pierce ( the biology teacher , late 20 's , black ) clear he throat . mr . pierce uh , chiron , you need something ? terrell , a 16 year old bully , interrupt . terrell that nigga forget to change he tampon . laughter from the class , pack mentality . terrell he have woman problem today . ai not that right , Little ? more laughter . mr . pierce alright , Terrell , that 's enough . terrell Nah , can not be enough for Little ... how much you need , Little ? chiron do not call I ... mr . pierce alright Terrell that 's it . Terrell spring out of he desk into chiron 's face . 35 36 34 . terrell what the fuck you go do , nigga ? i’1l fuck you up . mr . pierce Terrell , out ! right now . Terrell blow a kiss to chiron walk out . terrell School almost out Little .... chiron look after Terrell , stare at that close door long after 's it 's shut . int . high school - day 35 the bell 's just rung , student funnel through a cavernous hallway , approach a set of double door spilling onto the school driveway . in the middle of it all find chiron , engulf in this sea of chaos and , honestly , relieved to be so . as chiron scan the mass of student approach that door beside he ... .»+.a considerable bump at he shoulder , chiron look up to find Terrell knock past he . Terrell , pizzo and a crew of roughneck laugh and ad-lib shit - talk as they continue past , move through the crowd . terrell umma be waitin’ for yo 's ass Little . Terrell smile as he hurry on , as if invite he to a play date . off chiron 's shook face ... up CUT to : int . high school - day - later 36 upstair now , the second story of this building . a open air stairwell cornere on two side by corrugate fencing , chiron get on he toe , look down into the courtyard below -- Terrell be down there , rough-house and talk shit with a group of knucklehead . chiron speak to himself ... 35 . chiron ( sotto voce ) come on chiron . .+- when he 's hear voice echoing behind . chiron look , see a admin look type move away down the hall as a smooth as hell look teen approach . as the teen get closer , he identity become clearer : it 's kevin . kevin chiron , what you do man ? chiron huh ? kevin you just stand there straight space . School be out , nigga , you be not goin’ home ? chiron what you still do here ? kevin ( suck he tooth ) detention . aime catch I with this trick in the stairway . chiron what ? kevin yup . chiron with who ? kevin damn you nosy , chiron . chiron oh sorry , my bad . kevin ( smiling ) all I want be some quick head you know , but this chick all like ' hit that shit Kevin . hit it with that big dick - why she have to compliment a nigga ? so I be like aight ... we can do this . I start bang she back out ... 37 36 . kevin ( cont 'd ) she start make all this fuck noise though . Mr. aime walk in and go all five -o , almost have my ass suspend , but I tell he we be childhood sweetheart and all that , talk it all out . so I just get detention . ( and ) eh , but that shit stay between we , yeah ? I know you can keep a secret . a slow nod from chiron . kevin but real talk , I gotta go before this fool change he mind . chiron alright Kevin . kevin later , Black . off chiron ... CUT to black . and over black , the title card : chiron ii . ext . LIBERTY square housing project - day 37 chiron approach a apartment complex ( different than Little 's home in the previous story ) in the twelfth stage of neglect , all chip paint and auto up on cinderblock out front . book and backpack in tow , he climb a flight of stair to the second story and approach a apartment down on the far end . as he unlock the door ... + -a rush of energy greet he from within . voice ( 0.s. ) ( move ) uh uh . no you can not be here tonight . I get company come . 38 39 40 4l 37 . int . paula' LIBERTY square apt —- day - continuous 38 paula ( 30 now , worse for the wear ) , look as strung out as ever as she rush past he ... chiron hey ma .... paula ( call back ) find somewhere for you to be . Paula slip into the rear bedroom , close the door behind she with a considerable thud . chiron stare at that door indifferently : this be nothing new for he . omitted 39 ext . juan 's home - day 40 chiron walk up the block , approach Juan 's home . as he near it , we hear : teresa well I 'il be -- chiron ?! teresa appear from the yard , out there in the yard , a bushel of dead palm frond in hand . she 's age some , but certainly age better than the rest . pull chiron into a hug , beam the most amazing smile . int . juan 's home - night 41 chiron and Teresa at the table in Teresa 's dining room , fresh plate of food before both . Teresa watch as chiron pick at he plate , pay it just enough attention to qualify as eat . still ... teresa what 's wrong ? chiron nothing , I be good . teresa Nah . I see good and you be not it : what 's wrong , Little ? 38 . chiron do not call I that . teresa do not call you what ? you name ? you grow now ? chiron I do not say that . teresa then what you sayin’ ? chiron go quiet . do not take much . teresa I be just messin’ with you boy . ( and ) and you right , that be not no name for you no more . that be not you . but if you wanna be somethin’ different , you gotta earn it , you gotta make you name true , understand ? chiron bow he head , out of embarrassment , out of shame ? teresa hey , do not put you head down in my house , you know Teresa 's rule : all love , all pride in this house , you feel I ? he mumble , he nod . teresa what 's that ? chiron yeah . ( and ) I feel you . Teresa rise . she 's not a tall woman , so ... teresa good. ( she smile ) now since you here , there 's some stuff way back on the top shelf in the kitchen I have be meaning to get to . 42 39 . off chiron 's smile face .... int . juan 's home , spare bedroom - night 42 a simple room , small twin bed and a single sit chair . a window just beyond the bed , look out onto the side - yard . chiron stand over the bed , pull the corner on a fitte sheet . from the look of this room , no one sleep here . from the look of chiron , he 's make and unmade this bed before . chiron thank you for this . have not notice Teresa there in the doorway , look on as chiron go about this work . teresa you know you can stay here anytime , right ? chiron yeah . I know . thank you Teresa , I mean it . Teresa move from that doorway now , approach chiron and that bed . teresa but if you gonna stay here you get to learn how to make a bed , boy . Teresa laugh as she take that corner of sheet from chiron 's grasp , tug it lightly : the entire cover slip off with ease . chiron what ? teresa how you mean , what ? that be not how you make no bed . Teresa move instinctively , have already get the two bottom corner snag expertly , be pull the third corner just so as chiron watch . teresa ( playful ) think you slick , huh ? do it wrong so Teresa show up and do it right , huh ? ( laugh ) 42a 43 40 . teresa ( cont 'd ) you and Juan , thick as thief , lemme tell you . Teresa look to chiron for that last part , what begin as a smile slowly fade , shifting to something more reflective , heavy . teresa you miss he ? chiron hold she gaze , he silence answer enough . teresa yeah . I too . beat . teresa I too . Teresa turn from this room , move down the hall , the door leave ajar behind she . chiron stare after she -- puzzle -- just watch the empty space of the threshold there . off chiron 's gaze , CUT to : int . juan 's home , bedroom - night - later 42a chiron pass out , deep in sleep . a beat of this slumber , then ... the SOUND of water . sound of water fall and echoing all over , then ... int . juan 's home - night 43 though less a cut than a exhale , a smooth transition as we drift through this home . it 's later ; much later . and the SOUND of that water be insistent , hit the roof like automatic fire . as we float past a retreate hallway , find ... chiron ..+- move through this home in the same direction , he back to we -- lead we . as he walk through this space , another sound encroach upon the SOUND of rain , with every step become clearer : the SOUND of a girl moan , softly whisper inaudible word that coo and plea . 44 45 41 . chiron slow but continue , walk deeper into the home . he 's approach the kitchen . the SOUND intensify as he find ... kevin ..- press hard against the back of a girl , samantha -- older than both boy , sexy like a music video model . samantha lean over the kitchen counter , skirt hike up , back arched just so and press Kevin close from behind . Kevin slamm into she again and again , this two fuck in a borderline ridiculous fashion . chiron still approach , just inch away , can see samantha 's eye , unspeakable bliss . Kevin notice he finally , look to he panting that killer smile of he : kevin you good , Black ? chiron return a blank stare . above they , the rain pour like the victorian Falls as -- match CUT to : int . juan be home , spare bedroom - day 44 chiron waking from sleep -- in the same position as he have be sleep previously -- face someplace between dreariness and confusion , search for thought . look out the window there . there 's a small clock beside the bed ; check it . ext . LIBERTY square housing project - day - moving 45 follow chiron down the street as he move along in yesterday 's clothes . he walk quickly . as he reach the corner . voice ( 0.s. ) chiron ... chi .... hey ! chiron turn , spot Paula hurry over , breathe heavy : paula hey baby where have you go last night ? 46 42 . chiron what ? why ? paula I be yo 's mama , be not I ? chiron just hold she eye , not worth a reply . paula why you be not just come home later , boy ? Paula smile , the kind of smile that 's be forgiven many time and many place over . paula you have I worried about you . but you get grow I guess I can not be keep up with you all the time . anyway how Teresa do ? I be not see she since the funeral . chiron she fine . paula that 's good baby . listen , mama lock herself out the door , can you ... come let I in ? chiron watch she , confuse . ext . paula 's LIBERTY square apt - day 46 Paula and chiron ascend the step toward the second story , Paula move ahead of he . she get to the door first , but ... move just past it to let chiron do the honors . smile at he , something disguise in the gesture . chiron digging for he key as Paula watch intently , at first in he pocket and now in he backpack , Paula 's arm fold in a show of impatience . after a moment of nodd nervously , scratch at she neck ... Paula push past he , take the door handle and let herself in . chiron I think you say .... 47 43 . int . paula' LIBERTY square apt —- day - continuous 47 Paula walk the apartment determinedly , look behind half - close door and even open a closet or two . ease now , she settles in the middle of the space , hand rest at the top of she head . after a beat of think , of come to ... ...- she turn to chiron , still there watch from the threshold of the apartment . Paula smile . chiron approach she : chiron mama what you into ? paula I need some money . chiron for what ? paula that 's my business , do not you ask I no shit like that . chiron I do not have no -- paula do not lie to I . I be you mama . that bitch over there be not no kin to you , I be you blood , remember ? ( and ) now I be not feel good . I need something to help I out , baby , just float I across this shake , you hear ? chiron where I be suppose to get money from ? paula Teresa be not give you nothing , huh ? you lil 's play - play mama be not put something in you hand ? now give I that damn money , chiron . chiron reach into he pocket , grab a few bill there , can not be more than forty dollar but it 's literally he last . 48 44 , paula uh huh , I know that bitch like a hooker know she trick . you my child , okay ? and tell that bitch she better not forget it . chiron just stare at Paula , unfold that bill there , crisp and lining they , force of habit . paula go on to school . ai not you late ? chiron just stare , he mother in physical form but someone entirely different in mind and spirit . Paula look up from she count , find that scornful face so much like hers look down on she . int . high school , classroom - day 48 Mr. pierce at the head of a bored look class , explain the difference between red and white blood cell . turn to the class : mr . pierce so can you see how a lack of white blood cell could be dangerous to the human body ? cricket in here , no one take that bait : mr . pierce okay , can anybody explain what will happen to the body when there 's not enough white blood cell ? ( and ) nobody 's leave this classroom until I get a response , this be more important for you than it be for I , trust I . pierce scan the room here now , most honestly do not know the answer , other simply do not care . shockingly , a familiar hand go up : mr . pierce Terrell ? terrell ummm yeah Mr. pierce , I be gonna answer this question , man ... 49 45 . terrell ( cont 'd ) but first I just gotta say , why the hell this nigga Little wear the same shit he have on yesterday ? Big laugh from the class , Terrell ham it up : terrell ai not enough white blood cell in the world to check the funk comin’ off he ass , this nigga foul Mr. pierce . mr . pierce Terrell . terrell I be sorry man , I be sorry , no disrespect Mr. pierce , I be just sayin’ . chiron grip both edge of he desk , eye lock there . terrell and check it : without the white blood cell , body can not defend itself . that 's why all they gay niggas croakin’ off that aids shit , be not that right Little ? off chiron , still stare at that desk . ext . LIBERTY square housing project - day - moving 49 move with chiron as he make he way down this street , alone against all this concrete , almost western -like with he heavy backpack and sagging shoulder . as chiron continue , notice ... terrell .-- follow behind with a knucklehead friend ( pizzo , 16 ) . the smile on they face be of pure delight : they be about to fuck with he . chiron speed up . terrell hey Little , wait up man , where you go to so fast ? nothing from chiron , just a quicken of he step : 46 . terrell nigga you can not hear ? chiron ( over he shoulder ) Home . terrell ( close in ) huh ? chiron I tell you , man , home . pizzo you live over there nigga . terrell you go to that Spanish chick house ? pizzo that 's Juan lady , be not it ? chiron stop walk . terrell oh yeah . that chick fine as fuck ! Juan be dead a minute , that bitch give free head ? or she charge like Paula ? Paula get cheap though . a rock can get you rock su - - chiron grab Terrell at the chest , catch he by surprise , throw all he weight at he , drive he back and stumbling towards a fence . pizzo on he , kick chiron in the hip , jar Terrell free . chiron face up on Terrell as he back away , get three , four foot between they , enough to keep both Terrell and pizzo in front of he , fist raise . Terrell shoot a long , heavy stream of spit at chiron 's foot , ridiculously masculine . terrell faggot ass bitch , grabbin 's my chest and shit , you see that shit pizzo ? look like this nigga be comin’ on to I . I be not with that gay shit but if you fuck with I , I will fuck you . 47 . terrell ( cont 'd ) give yo 's ass more than you can handle , have you beggin’ for you crackhead ass mama . pizzo damn dog , you be like ... .-- gettin 's head from the mama and the son at the same time . terrell at the same damn time , nigga . the two of they laugh they head off at this bit of brilliance . chiron be still stand there : chiron fuck you . terrell what you say ? say that shit again - - I dare yo 's ass , say that shit to my face , nigga . chiron whatever , man . terrell yeah alright -- you better stay yo 's ass right there if you know what 's good for you . I mean dog -- why yo’ jeans so tight ? Terrell turn to pizzo , clowning -- terrell I mean real talk -- you see how tight this nigga jeans be ? nigga nut must be chokin 's in they tight ass jeans , boy I swear . pizzo ( laugh ) nigga nut be like , '' can a nigga get a oxygen tank ? we drown down here . '' Terrell and pizzo clowning , laugh they head off . terrell night , '' Little . '' pizzo haha , yeah -- night night . 50 50 a 51 52 48 . int / ext . metro -rail - night - moving 50 chiron asleep on Miami 's much - neglect elevate train , head lean against its fade cloth seat as it snake its way above and through the harden Liberty City . from the look of he , he 's be here awhile . from the feel of he , rest wearily if peacefully , he may have sleep through several loop of this train , back and forth from the blight of the hood to the glitz of coral gable and back again . his head rest on the window , the light of the train low . we hear the train wheel move , the light of the train flicker off and on ... of and on , and ... finally off . ext . collin ave - night - establishing 50a from very high up , as though view from the roof of a condo . and establish that a metrobus be pull away from here , have deliver chiron to ... ext . south beach , 27th and collin - night 51 chiron move down a dimly light side - street , Collins recede behind he , the beach grow louder ahead of he . we follow he , move along behind he as the sound around he shift , from the noise and chatter of care - free exhibitionism out on Collins ... to the whisper loop of the ocean ahead . as he near the promenade separate the beach from Collins Ave and it 's endless resort ... ..- he stop , take a moment to look back . at what , we be not sure but , after a beat , he continue on , move away from we and down into the darkness of the beach . ext . miami beach , shore - night 52 chiron sit on the shore watch the moon and the star over the ocean . the sky be clear and yet it 's wild out , the wind whipping the reed , ocean run wave upon the shore with verve . tonight , the sea seem immense , moon glow blue , leave the ocean a deep black that render it boundless , entropic . chiron lose in it all , release he trouble in the presence of this nature when ... 49 , voice ( 0.s. ) you be waitin’ for I ? chiron turn , look up into that voice , backlit by the bright beacon of a spotlight mount on the promenade behind , unrecognizable at first , ethereal . a shift in the light : of course it 's Kevin . chiron huh . kevin Nice to see you too . Kevin smile . kevin what the hell you do out here ? chiron what you do out here ? kevin you in my smoke out habitat , nigga . a beat as something dawns on Kevin : kevin oh shit , you come out here to smoke too , chiron ? chiron something like that ... Kevin take a seat on the sand beside he now , still smile that incredible smile . kevin man you know you do not smoke . why you pretendin’ ? you puttin’ ona show for I , Black ? chiron why you keep call I that ? a puzzle look from Kevin at first , then pull a blunt from he pocket . kevin Black ? that 's my nickname for you . you do not like it ? 53 50 . a shrug from chiron as a huge wave hit the shore , demand they attention as it run toward they , stop short a few foot . keeps they attention a moment : sound of the Ocean , sound of the wind run through the reed , the night ... Kevin spark flame to that blunt : kevin you like the water ? chiron say nothing . kevin well let I introduce you to some fiyah . extends the blunt to chiron : kevin come on now . ai not go 's bite ya 's . as chiron take the blunt , drag on it with Kevin watch ... CUT to : ext . miami beach , shore - night - later 53 chiron and Kevin laugh they ass off , both high as hell , a joke or memory lose in the cut . whatever it be , extremely funny , so funny that as the two stop laugh that gleeful smile remain , the two of they look alternately from each other to the ocean and back , allow themselves this bit of share pleasure . kevin that breeze feel good as hell man . chiron yeah it do . kevin sometimes round the way , where we live , you can catch this same breeze . it come through the hood and it 's like everything stop for a second ' cause everybody just wanna feel it . everything just get quiet , you know ? 51 . chiron and its like all you can hear be you own heartbeat , right ? kevin yeah ... feel so good , man . chiron so good .... a long beat as that think linger between they . the ocean . kevin Hell , shit make you wanna cry , feel so good . chiron look to Kevin now : chiron you cry ? kevin Nah . but it make I want to . Kevin flash that big , cool ass smile . kevin what you cry about ? you cry , chiron ? beat . chiron I cry so much sometimes I think one day I be go just turn into drop . kevin but then you could just roll out into the water , right ? Roll out into the water like all this other muhfucker out here tryna drow they sorrow . chiron why you say that ? kevin I be just listenin’ to you , nigga . ( and ) sound like somethin’ you wanna do . 52 . chiron I wanna do a lotta thing that do not make sense . kevin I do not say it do not make sense . beat . kevin but tell I : like what ? like what lotta thing ? chiron damn you nosy . kevin uh oh. look at chiron cursing ... you tryna get smart with I ? chiron whatever man . kevin ( laugh ) you try to get smart ? Kevin reach a hand to chiron 's neck , place he open palm there deliberately , with feel . kevin you try to get smart , chiron ? they eye meeting here , Kevin slowly work he hand along chiron 's neck , small movement , with feel . kevin huh chiron ? slowly , nearly subconsciously , chiron go weak , lean toward Kevin , they weight support one another here on the dune . all sound drown by the echoing ocean , the night cover this two as close as they have ever be . both sit up again , face each other and still close , nose nearly touch . they stare . this be water they have never chart , the culmination of invitation they have be send since day one . 54 53 . Kevin smile , he open lip brush chiron 's . chiron startles and ... lean in . heavy this kissing , much deeper than just the meeting of lip . a moment more of this heavy petting then ... ... the sound of a buckle be undone , Kevin 's hand disappear down below , a gasp from chiron and ... ..+- pressure . Rhythm . pressure and rhythm as chiron 's breath catch in he chest , head fully lean to Kevin 's shoulder , free hand grab at the sand as Kevin take hold of he , a caress and a pull and a soothing as .... .+- chiron come , hold onto Kevin for dear life , choke on the sea breeze . Kevin remove he hand , look at the cum there before wiping it on the sand . chiron I be ... I be sorry . Kevin look at he with the kindest , most open face : kevin what you get to be sorry for ? chiron consider that . honestly so . the sound of the ocean . int / ext . BOX chevy - night - moving 54 chiron sit on the passenger side of this hood chariot , stare at all that pass neon and pastel of South Beach . his face be pure , open . chiron whose car this be ? kevin who you in it with ? chiron how you get a car ? kevin with money , how else you get a car ? ( and ) Boy I swear , for somebody who grow up in the hood you green as hell . 54 . Kevin look from the road , over at chiron . kevin that 's why I like you though . chiron look out the window , blush like a kid . kevin you live in the bean , right ? chiron yeah . kevin what 's wrong ? chiron nothing . chiron put he head down . Kevin bring he fist to chiron 's chin . he push slightly so that chiron raise he head . kevin you sure ? just a nod from chiron . kevin you never do nothing like that , huh ? a nod no from chiron . Kevin smile . kevin yeah . I figure . off chiron , CUT to ... 55 ext . paula 's LIBERTY square apt - night 55 Kevin 's car pull up to the curb here , chiron already out , lean to the passenger side window . a stilted moment , unsure how to play this . chiron thanks for the ride . kevin no problem , Black . see you around . 56 57 58 58a 59 55 . Kevin extend he fist across this space , chiron reach in with he free hand to meet it . they fist connect and ... hold there , just this bit of contact . chiron smile . chiron yeah ... see you around . chiron turn from that chevy , head toward the near stairwell . we follow he , chiron continue on without look back , the sound of Kevin pull away down the block . chiron move up the exterior step of this Motel 6 like complex , walk along the banister of the second story drag he hand along the railing . reaches he door , get he key in , hold the doorknob a moment , then , deep breath and ... .»- he open it . just a flash of a image : Paula crossing the live room leave to right , hand press firmly , aggressively to she own skull , talk to herself . chiron unfaze , step inside and close the door behind he . hold on this close door , the sound of Paula yell inaudibly behind it , then ... smash CUT to : a alarm clock .-- blaring its synthesize squeal . omitted 56 omitted 57 omitted 58 omitted 58a int . high school , cafeteria - day 59 chiron stare up at the clock as people push past he hurry for the lunchtime lineup . typical high school cafeteria landscape , cool kid wedge into table to themselves , jock wedge into table by themselves , band kid not eat at all , just air- play they set , particularly the drum-line , forever table - tapping . and , of course , almost everybody be black . 56 . chiron move through this mayhem , scan the room for something , anything invite . as he pass a group of girl , he spot Kevin sit by himself . chiron 's eye light up but he check himself , do not want to appear too obvious . he begin to take the longest route to get to where Kevin be but , before he can get halfway through he journey ... Terrell sit in front of Kevin . chiron stop , divert he attention before either can notice he , head instead for the lunch - line ( he hand have be empty ) . over in the corner ... terrell wassup , kev. kevin Terrell , what 's good ? terrell man a nigga do not see school no more . kevin I hear you man . terrell lunch use to be the shit , though . kevin Nah , the food be not never good . terrell nigga , I be not talkin’ bout the food . but that Friday pizza be the shit . kevin ( laugh ) yeah , I feel you on that . terrell but back in middle school , you remember , we use to have some fun at lunch . member , we use to play ' knock down / stay down . 's kevin yeah my crazy ass be the king of that shit . 60 57 . terrell oh hell yeah I remember that shit . ' member that white boy you fuck up ? kevin Cuban cat , right ? mauricio ? terrell Kevin you fuck that kid 's face up man . we be call you tyson after that shit . Kevin nearly blush here . terrell but nigga 's do not do that no more . I mean . you know . kevin what you sayin’ ? terrell I be sayin’ , you know , if I point a nigga out you go knock he ass down ? kevin that 's the game be not it ? you dare I to swing on he and if I do , it 's on you . terrell aight . ( and ) aight kev . let I see who ass gettin’ drop today . int . high school , courtyard - day - later 60 lunch over , student begin to wander out of the cafeteria and into the adjacent courtyard . we have not see the full of this school yet . it go like this : upon enter the guard gate and step aforementioned , one enter what 's best describe as a tunnel , pass the admin suite and principal office and ultimately spilling into this atrium with three storey of classroom above and around on four side , the door all face in on this courtyard . 58 . this building do not exist a decade ago ; its older , decrepit predecessor demolish and replace with this vision build most in the image of a prison , construct by the same money and resource use to erect that space and ultimately with the same intention : to keep all who enter watch and in . terrell ... lean to a stoop out here like a gather storm , a group of boy milling around he and Kevin . pizzo be a part of this entourage too , laugh and point to various people as they pass , just loud enough for the circle of boy gather to hear , all of they point and snicker , Kevin include . a bright , Miami day , yet ... a cloud fall over this courtyard -- a feel -- this group scare the other student in the area as a larger and larger swath of space surround they . eventually , someone in particular catch Terrell 's eye : he immediately stop laugh , go dark ... at the sight of chiron . terrell Kevin . Kevin turn . so do chiron . they stare at each other . terrell hit that nigga Kevin . Kevin look at chiron , meeting he eye , still wear the smile of this group-think , strain to . terrell come on kev. pizzo hit that nigga kev ... boy 1 hit he ass ... boy 2 bitch ass ! pizzo hit that nigga ! terrell ( at Kevin ) what the fuck you waitin’ on ? 59 . the boy have surround chiron and Kevin . Kevin step inside the circle , meet chiron 's eye for the briefest moment ... .-- and wallop chiron , the force of it rock chiron back , send he down to one knee clutching he jaw . kevin stay down . but chiron begin to stand up . terrell he want to get up ? knock he faggot ass back down . chiron take a few step closer to Kevin now , come right up to he , meet he gaze , chin raise . beat . eye lock , then ... .+.- pop , Kevin rock chiron again , chiron stay on he foot though , defiant . after a beat to gather himself , that same clear gaze from chiron Terrell ... be piss . sock chiron . it 's open season now : the other boy pounce , punch fall heavy like rain . kevin stay down ! boy 2 five-o , five -o ! the boy all separate quickly , slip smoothly into the crowd as the Old School Guard and other authority figure appear , get to chiron and pull he to he foot . chiron bruise and bloody , cut to he lip and nose , a gash above he eye . the Guard attempt to get he attention : old school guard who do it ? which of this niggas beatin’ on you ? but chiron silent , just stare across at Kevin , the boy return he gaze , vacant . the lunch bell ring . 60 a 60 . int . high school , principle 's office - day 60a chiron sit opposite principal william , 40s , serious but kind . Williams just eye chiron up , can since the anger simmer beneath the surface . chiron stare at he foot , refuse to meet that gaze : principal william chiron ? nothing . principal william chiron , listen : you be not in trouble . you be not be punish , okay ? you do nothing wrong , we know that , okay ? still nothing , chiron have completely shut down . principal william look , if you do not tell we who do this we can not press charge , understand ? ( and ) all they damn kid stand around , all of y’all out there and do not nobody get the heart to say who do it ? that get chiron 's attention , head snap to meet Williams 's gaze : chiron you do not even know . william oh I do not ? you think all this just start , boy ? chiron I be not no boy . william Hell you be not : if you be a man it have be four other knucklehead sittin’ right there with you . chiron look away again out a window there , do with this : 61 62 63 61 . chiron ( low , break ) you do not even know . Williams take he in again now , look further , look better , see thing in chiron he have not see before ; see he : william look son , I be not blame you , I be not . I know it 's hard , believe I , I be not tryna disrespect you struggle . I just need you to know , if you need some help , if you need somebody to talk to ... that door right there , it 's always open , you feel I ? and as soon as you walk through it , let I tell you -- everything you go through , all of it 's gonna get better . ignoring that , still set on that window . william you feel I ? off chiron meeting Williams 's gaze , CUT to ... int . paula 's LIBERTY square apt , bathroom - night 61 chiron take in he own image in the bathroom mirror , leave side of he face bruise and swollen , that cut at he right ear clotted with blood . he run water into the basin and , look down into it , we notice that it 's already fill with something , a pool of ice . chiron lowering he face to the water , submerging he head in it for the longest moment , long enough to make the silence uncomfortable , then ... int . paula 's LIBERTY square apt , kitchen - night - later 62 Paula sit at the kitchen table , a die cigarette in a ash tray there . she look beyond exhaust . and fry . chiron appear with glass of water , sit one in front of each of they . we leave they this way : neither drink that water , neither speak , then ... omitted 63 64 65 65 a 65b 62. int . high school - day - moving 64 chiron pass the Old Security Guard , enter the building . we continue with he , up a flight of step , into the cavernous tunnel of the school entrance . all eye look in at chiron , in at we . and the SOUND , so many shifting tick and voice , whisper accompany that look , adolescent energy unhing itself . chiron enter a stairwell , rise , push past other kid towards the second story of this building . reaches it , step onto the landing and slip into one of the interior passageway , the sound of that voice and whisper amplify , echoed and refracted off the metal locker and industrial design . but chiron 's face ? unchange , still that blankness , that pensiveness . with he all the way as we lead / follow he around a turn , toward a door and into ... omitted 65 omitted 65a int . high school , classroom - day - continuous 65 B chiron enter , move directly to he seat , a wooden chair there . set he bookbag atop he desk , take the chair , slide it from the desk and ... ..- bring it down atop Terrell 's head . crack ! Terrell spilling to the floor ; no blood , no movement , a total collapse to the spot where he sit . beat . everyone in the class in shock , nobody move , all eye on Terrell . he 's not move , not breathe , body prone on the floor . a beat , then ... ..- he spasm back to consciousness , a quick convulse and then a reach for he head . chiron raise that chair , bring it down on Terrell again , the boy jolting with the impact . 66 63. pierce set upon chiron . a few other help restrain he . int / ext . high school - day 66 Police light flash on the school 's wall . kid all stand outside as well as teacher . chiron be bring out of the school in handcuffs , lead by two officer , stare and muckrake from the gather as he pass . get down to the street , be ushere into a police car . as he stare out from the backseat , a face at the top of the step stare back : Kevin . CUT to black . 67 68 69 70 64 . first , over black , a beat of silence and , immediately after , a gasp for air , then ... fade in : .»+. on a grow man cover in sweat . int . black 's apt , bedroom - night 67 black ( the same Little / chiron character but late 20 now ) , sit upright . eye open , stare off into the light spilling through the window - pane above this bed . int . black 's apt , kitchen - night 68 Black stand at the kitchen sink . the faucet run in the sink before he and , look down into it , full of ice cube , plastic trays from a freezer somewhere nearby . take a towel , dip it into the water , wring it slightly . bring it to he face , cover he eye , he forehead gently with it . dip it into the basin again , wipe across he chest . slowly , he lower he torso to the sink , submerges he face completely . int / ext . chevy impala - day - moving 69 hot today ; hot as hell out today as Black sweat through baggy jeans and over-size white tee . what 's more , unlike the pensive Black glimpse recover from a fevere dream , this one menace through a full array of gold - fronted tooth . they be impossible to miss as the city pass by outside he window , cruise through the flat . as the car continue along , we go close on : Black 's license plate . the vanity spelling black be interesting , but that it 's issue in the state of Georgia be more important . int . atlanta agape rehab CENTER - day 70 Black sit in the reception area of this rehab Clinic . he do not look lose here and yet ... he do not look comfortable , dress in a conservative , button - up shirt . 65 . two or three other sit on simple chair beside he , all of they wait . finally , from somewhere across the room : voice ( 0.s. ) chiron Harris ? at the sound of he name , Black rise , move toward that voice . ext . courtyard , atlanta agape rehab CENTER - day Black sit in front of paula ( 40s now , hair pull back , thin but a light in she eye that be not there before ) . Paula look down and go into she pocket , pull out a cigarette . light it , almost put it in she mouth when she stop and stub it out . paula quittin 's that too . Black just nodd , indifferent . paula try to , at least . how you be ? black alright . ( then ) I be not sleepin’ . paula why not ? awkward . paula right . if you know you would probably ... black bad dreamin’ . paula still ? you ever think about talk about it with somebody ? I mean . you know , not even like a counsellor . maybe somebody like , like you mama ? Paula laugh , make light of it . Black still unmove . hard to tell which of this two be in rehab and which be not . 66 . paula yeah it sound funny to I too . but I be you mother , be not I ? you can talk to I if you want to . or at least somebody , you get to trust somebody , you hear ? ( then ) you talk to Teresa ? black yeah . paula how she do ? black ( shrug ) good . Paula mimic Black 's shrug ... paula '' good . '' ... face curling into a beautiful , teasing smile . hard to not love this woman , hard to not give she infinite second chance . black when you go home ? paula Home ? ( beat ) this be home . I mean ... they ' lowin’ I to stay and work as long as I like . I figure , you know , might as well help other folk , keep myself out of trouble . black that 's good , mama . paula yeah ... I think it be too . ( a deep breath ) I really do . Black nodd he head silently , look away from he mother , over at another mother and son perform this same ritual across the courtyard , down at the stubbed cigarette still clutch at he mother 's lap . 67 . Paula take a real good look at she son . something in she face soften at the sight of he harden jaw , that gold front . paula so ... ( beat ) ..+- you still in they street ? nothing from Black , eye shifting to the ground now , down and away . paula do not come all the way the hell to Georgia to have you fall into the same shit , chiron . black I 'ma go . paula no , you go 's listen . black to who , you ? really , though ? you ? Black push back from the table , rise . Paula grab he hand before he can turn , hard as he be , he mother 's touch a instant pause , stand still stare at that ground : paula not like this , baby . and ... paula not like this . Black look down , look away , look anywhere but at Paula . Black return to he seat , eye fix to a spot . paula I mess up baby . I fuck it all up , I know that . but yo 's heart be not gotta be black like mine , you hear I ? I love you baby . I do , I love you chiron . you be not gotta love I , lord know I do not have love for you when you need it , I know that . 72 73 68. paula ( cont 'd ) so you be not gotta love I but you go 's know that I love you , you hear ? nothing from Black . paula you hear I , chiron ? Paula yanking that arm . black damn mama , yeah . ( and look to she now ) I hear you . Paula take up that cigarette again , light it this time . a big , deep drag . savior it , pull all of it deep down into she chest . paula one step at a time , baby . one step at a time . CUT to black . and over black , the title card : black iit . int / ext . chevy impala - day - moving 72 noise and fuzz in here , quad and sub as Black blast something bass -heavy yet move , think erykah badu chopped and screw . all elbow and mean mug as he lean at a angle , seat recline way back with lip parte to show that front ; eye scan the block and corner he 's pass as much as the road he 's drive . a moment of he drive this way , then ... int. / ext . black chevy impala - night - moving 73 move with Black as he turn off the main road , pull into he apartment complex . as he make he way through the parking lot , a figure appear ahead of he , a young guy rise from a stoop , catch in the glare of Black 's headlight . 74 75 69 . Black head directly for the young guy , then turn away from he , into he parking spot . omitted 74 int . black 's apt , live room - night 75 Black on the couch , that same white tee from before but in short now , flip - flop at he foot . Travis ( early 20 , green , the '' young guy '' from the parking lot ) stand before he , hand clasped together behind he back . dim in here , a table lamp bathing Black 's slate skin in orange warmth , television rake Travis in a cool blue . so dim in fact , we hardly notice the work go at Black 's lap : bill unfurl across disparate bill . Black count . Travis watch . a extend beat of this , Travis 's eye down at he foot as Black near the end of he count . finish , he raise he head , bring he gaze to meet Travis 's . black you short , Travis . Travis 's brow arching with confusion . travis wait , what ? black you short . travis Nah I count it , it 's all there , it 's all there on my mama life . you trippin’ . black I be what ? pause . travis I be not mean it like that . black then how you mean it ? travis I mean , I .... 70 . Travis trail off there . black where the rest of the roll ? Travis think for a second -- maybe he be short , maybe he count be off , but ... he straighten , chin up : travis it 's all there . you might could think I be short ... but when I hand it to you , it be all there . that 's on my mama . black you sayin 's I ’ma liar ? travis I be not say that . black then what you sayin 's ? travis I be ... I mean ... Dog , I be just -- black you just what ? Travis go quiet , eye at he foot -- he 's fuck . Black let 's he stew a minute , then ... break into a toothy grin . black Nah . just fuckin’ with you . travis huh ? black Count good . you do good -- do real good . Black extend a few bill toward Travis , wait as the boy nervously take they from he . black can not be on the corner if you can not take a nigga just fuckin’ with you . Travis nod . Black extend a few more bill toward he , wait as the boy nervously take they . 76 76a 76b 76c 76d 71 . black Heard you be in they dice game , too . watch yo 's back with they folk . be better off at Jai lai , dice game bring nothin’ but pain . Travis wrinkling he face at that : travis what the hell be '' high lie '' ? Black begin to explain , but ... just smile . int . black 's apt , bedroom - night 76 surprisingly , Black fast asleep , rest peacefully under the whir of a small fan . a moment of he sleep , then ... he phone come to life , vibrate on the bedside table . Black roll over groggily , silence the thing with a flick of the wrist . after a beat , a second , short vibration pierce the quiet . Black retrieve the phone . as he do ... begin montage : int . black 's apt - night 76 a quick image : Black move about the apartment in just he boxer . automate voice ( v.o. ) you have ...one ... new message . int . black 's apt , kitchen - night 76 B quick image : Black stand before the open freezer door , head half - way in to absorb the cool air . paula ( v.o . ) chiron , this you mother . I know it 's late but figure you be not never be one much for sleep . want to thank you again for comin’ to see I . omitted 76c int . black 's apt , bathroom - night 76d quick image : Black in the bathroom , a repeat of he earlier ice basin ritual . 77 72 . paula ( v.o. ) that be ... that be good of you . hope you gettin’ some rest baby . ( and ) hope you come by again soon . CUT back to : int . black 's apt , bedroom - night 77 and it 's as though he never leave : flat on he back above the cover , stare up into nothing , the phone there on the bedside . a extend beat of quiet here , enough to see this be a man who wrestle with he mind at night , then ... ... the phone buzze again , Black reach for it instinctively , grab it without bother who it be and : black ma’ , it 's late , I be tryna sleep , I get you message . beat . we can hear the other side of this connection . for now , it 's just the white noise of dead air , whomever 's on the other end keep to themselves , then ... voice ( 0.s. ) ( through phone ) hello ? Black pull he phone from he ear , check the display . it 's a 305 number : Miami . his demeanor shifting at the realization . voice ( 0.s. ) eh Black , I mean ... chiron , man . Black slowly sit up , just up on he elbow there , bring he chest up a bit : voice ( 0.s. ) how you do ? this ... this Kevin . Kevin . Black 's face startling , though only so much , such a contain man . kevin ( 0.s. ) you there ? say somethin’ , nigga . beat . 73. black yeah . ( and ) hey . kevin ( 0.s. ) Long time no see , right ? I ask Teresa if she have you number and ... I be workin’ this job man . lotta people comin 's by and this dude , he come by today -- make I think of you . kevin ( 0.s. ) you there ? black yeah , I be here . kevin ( 0.s. ) you remember I ? Black look about himself , around this room before answer . look more into he memory than anything else : yes , he remember he . black yeah . I do . be a while . kevin ( 0.s. ) yeah . it have . ( and ) where you at ? Black close he eye . beat . black Georgia . Atlanta . be up here ever since .... kevin ( 0.s. ) yeah , that 's what I hear . a very long , very dense , very quiet beat . 78 74 . kevin ( 0.s. ) I be ... I be sorry about that ... about all that , chiron . ( and after a pause ) about all that shit what go down , man . Black look about himself , about the room , eye wander and drift , have push so much of this away . kevin ( 0.s. ) Real shit , dog , I be . a sound from Black into the phone , not so much a word as a gesture , guttural , ambiguous , not affirm but a reprieve , a allowance for the space to continue . finally , mercifully : kevin what you doin 's up there ? black ( come back ) not much . ( and ) just trouble . CUT to : int . jimmy eastside diner - night - same 78 simple this place , kevin ( late 20 now ) dress in a chef 's apron behind a staging station , from the look of the kitchen surround he , a diner type place , short - order cook . kevin chiron and trouble always find a way . out beyond the staging station Kevin 's lean to , a old school register , tan color table top and match vintage booth . this be one of that relic that will always be a part of Miami . when the tide finally sweep the city into the Atlantic , the last note rise from it will be compay segundo 's " Chan Chan " reverberate from this place . intercut black and kevin black yeah ... something like that . what about you ? 75 . kevin I be a cook , man . a loud laugh from Black , the clear joy of it a jolt . black you a cook ? kevin yeah man , get send up for some stupid shit , same stupid shit we always get send up for . put I on the kitchen line and I kinda take to it . black greeeeaaaaaaaaat day , Kevin Jones : chef boyardee . kevin I cook better than that shit . black you better or you ass will not be cooking long , feel I ? the two of they laugh there , the familiarity clear , assert itself . kevin yeah , so ... I just think about you man . there 's a jukebox in here , folk come in and play they song and that 's the music we get in here . this dude , man .... Kevin trail off there , thought wonder , eye drift over to that jukebox , one of the old school type with actual CD and page that flip when command . black yeah .... kevin ... this dude remind I of you . beat . black what would he play ? a long pause from Kevin , the song wedge itself in he thought right now , push everything aside . 79 76 . black that good , huh ? kevin yeah ... ... that good . ( and ) if you ever come down here , man , you holla at I . black this you number ? kevin Nah , no cell . this the diner . right now it 's better if folk can not reach I . I tell niggas , '' call my momma house if you really need I , '' otherwise I be only ' bout this j-0o - B . black true . what 's the name of the place ? kevin Jimmy 's eastside diner . if you ever to town , chiron , I mean it . come on by , I ’1l1 cook you somethin’ , play that song for you . Black fully sit up on the bed now , free hand to he temple , the other clutching he cell to he ear . just the sound of he light breathe . kevin alright chiron , be easy . click . Black lowering he phone now , stare at the screen , the simple information there : call duration : 5 min29secs . a lifetime . CUT to : int . black 's apt , bedroom - day 79 a moment of stillness : Black prone atop the cover , just he boxer and still a small sheen of sweat . from the look of he , jaw slack , lip parte just so , this have be a restful sleep . 80 81 82 83 84 77 . slowly , after a beat to watch he this way , Black stir slightly , a slowed waken . stretch now , body turn , arm reach beyond this bed , extend toward the light stream through the lone window there . turn on he side . be about to sit up but ... stop . from the look on he face , a realization : he reach to he crotch . int . black 's bathroom - day 80 Black stand before the basin , hand work at something in the water . no ice , no towel . instead , he 's stand over a muddy plume , a layer of soapy foam atop the surface : he 's hand - wash he boxer . a extend beat of this wash , then ... ... the SOUND of music blaring , all high at first , a rattling trunk follow . int / ext . chevy impala - day - moving 81 Black in mode again : gold front , white tee , one hand on the wheel as he push through this street . eye scan the corner and alley he 's pass , whatever 's out there get little from he , just this glare . omitted 82 int / ext . chevy impala - day - moving 83 Black hang a u-turn , neck crane all the way around to keep a eye on something outside this car . headed back the other direction now , he pull over to the side of the road , honk he horn , three sharp beep , and ... int / ext . chevy impala - day - moving 84 Black at the wheel , Travis in the passenger seat beside he . on Travis 's lap , a mix of cash and baggy , a greasy , crumpled brown bag wedge between he thigh . he 's count . the music blast as always in here , Black nodd he head to a old school goodie mob track , then ... cut the music sharply , face go slack as ... 85 86 87 78 . .++.a patrol car pass in the opposite direction , Travis never break he count , Black cranking the music , and ... CUT to : travis ..- head cocked to the side , a posture of listen . int / ext . chevy impala - day - parked 85 Black park at the edge of a alley , look out at Travis stand amongst two other young man . we can not hear what 's be say down there , the whole thing view from Black 's vantage . instead , all long - lens gesture : Travis go through some form of count with he finger , the two young man bring they hand to they chest ( who ? I ? ! ) , the posture of explain . Black reach to the floorboard beneath he , , retrieve the obvious : a .38 special . take another look down that alley , then ... open the door , step into the alley and begin towards they . we do not follow , just watch from this distance , then ... int . black 's apt , bedroom - day 86 dangle from a wire hanger , pan with the flow of a oscillate fan : the underwear we have see Black wear before , still damp in the humid air . reverse angle : black 's face , eye fix on the underwear , study they with a mixture of shock and reverence . reaches a hand to they , take they short hem in he hand , partly to gauge the dampness , partly for wont of touch they . something on he mind here , thought turn and turn and turn . he check he watch : half past one . int / ext . chevy impala - day - moving 87 observe he through the front windshield of this car , the whole of it viewable from here . just the sound of the road , no music , certainly no speak as Black drift along what appear to be a highway . 88 89 79 . a look of resolution on he face , a peace , a clarity . the image close in on he now , a slow , subtle zoom push in on that face , that eye . just as we near the end of this move , we view pivot , pan away from that windshield , perpendicular to we travel : nothing but mangrove out there . and across a large median , lane of other traffic run in the opposite direction . there 's no doubt now , this be not a drive around Atlanta . the speed and highway surroundings should make it clear : he 's go much farther . a extend beat of this travel , of the road and tree and wind , the speed of the pass land and soundscape escalate , building , the whole of it coalesc into a hypnotic rhythm , then ... wave .-- both the sight and sound of wave crash , lash at the shore . ext . miami beach - night 88 a mute , wide base to the light , wave rush onto shore under the watch of a full moon . there be child at play , a dozen at various age , all black , 7 to 15 year old . none of they in proper trunk , most in homemade cut - off short and fruit of the loom white tank -top . all laugh as the wave rush at they foot , a few feign fear at the ocean as other -- the boy mostly -- drag they into the surf . we watch the child at play a moment longer . we have see none of this kid before , we will see none of they again . a final beat of this , then ... ext . jimmy 's eastside diner , parking lot - night 89 a door close -- Black 's car park deep in the corner of this parking lot , in the farthest back corner away from street light , obscure by low-hanging shade tree . the diner be away from we , across the parking lot . Black take it in a moment , pull on a fresh shirt . 90 80 . he 's move , crossing the parking lot at a easy clip . it 's quiet out , a few pass car to Black 's leave run north on biscayne boulevard , no foot traffic -- can hear the SOUND of he footfalls on the pavement . as he near the threshold of this diner , take the handle on the entry ... close on : a old school bell , the sound of it jingling as the door it 's affix to part . int . jimmy eastside diner - night - continuous 90 and right away , the sound of music , something old , soft , and lilt ( think aretha Franklin 's one step ahead ) . Black scan this room , he view of the place a clue for we : this be definitely the same diner we see Kevin work in during the earlier phone call . all the detail be there , the old - school register , vintage chair and table - top . and in the corner , that old school jukebox bless we with aretha . black .++.on the move now , cross the diner with eye down and ahead of he . there 's a counter line with stool , directly opposite the staging station and adjacent the register . Black ease up to the counter , place he cell atop it and take a seat . no one stir at Black 's movement , no one watch . look about the place again , we notice the other patron : a quartet of college girl in a corner booth shoring up for a night on the town , a elderly gentleman sit to himself , stare into a cup of mild coffee . as Black watch the elderly gentleman ... voice ( 0.s. ) ( move ) be right with you . a figure move past , carry a urn over to the old man , set a new cup down and pour a fresh coffee , scoops up the old cup as he move on . as he cross to the girl , we see he better : it 's Kevin . we watch as he speak to they ; can not hear any of it but from the feel of it , very jovial , Kevin be good at this work . 81 . a beat of watch Kevin here , isolate bit of he from Black 's perspective : Kevin 's lip as he speak , the hand he rest to he neck instinctively . finish with the girl , Kevin turn back toward the counter , hand full with they spend dish . as he approach , he look right at Black , right at_us ... kevin ( move ) be right with you , boss , just let I get this out the way . ... and move past . somehow , Kevin have not notice he . something lodge in Black 's throat , without think place he hand there : be I breathe ? he must be , he have better be : that dish discard somewhere in the back and ... here come Kevin . kevin how you doin’ tonight , what can I get you ? Kevin flipping through a stain note-pad , have not bother to look up yet . as he do , he eye settle on Black 's . beat . Kevin watch this man . and Black watch back , the two of they silently hold each other 's gaze , pure curiosity . Kevin 's head cock to the side now : kevin chiron ? nothing from Black , just that eye . Kevin lowering that note - pad , round the counter , come right up beside he . on Kevin 's face : no doubt who this be . kevin damn man why you be not say nothin 's ?! Kevin take Black 's right hand in he , pull he in close and throw he leave arm around he back : warm , tight , masculine . 82 . the embrace hold , Black slowly reciprocate , he leave arm cautiously place around Kevin 's back and , subtly , move there , close but not quite a caress . the man part . kevin damn chiron . black ' sup , kev '. kevin what the hell you doin 's here , I mean .... Kevin trail off there as Black nod agreement , get the oddity of he own action . kevin well shit , you here now , that 's all that matter . again , that nod from Black , Kevin smile in reply : kevin there go that damn noddin’ , you be not change a bit , still can not say more than three word at a time , huh ? a smile from Black . this guy get he . black Said you be go 's cook for I , I know how to say that . Kevin round that counter again , Black clocking he as he go , wind up opposite he , take up that notepad again . kevin yeah I do , man . I do . what you want ? you can pick from the menu or I can give you the chef 's special . Black watch Kevin across this counter . over on the jukebox , that song end , just the mute sound of the girl in the corner there , nothing but this short space between they . Kevin set he notepad down . 91 92 83. kevin yeah . we here , chiron . as Kevin head for the kitchen , leave Black with that think ... CUT to : int . jimmy eastside diner - kitchen 91 .-- all hand and handle , a cast iron skillet go over a open flame . int . jimmy eastside diner - night - later 92 Black on he stool at the counter , watch through the staging station as Kevin work over that flame . behind he , the group of girl move toward the exit , bell jingling as they step onto biscayne . Black 's gaze linger on they a moment , tracking they as they push farther and farther into the night . come back , he gaze settles on the table across the diner : the old man , that cup of coffee . Black rise now , dig down into he pocket , pull the bit of cash and change there . begins across this space , over to the jukebox . get to flipping through the flap , four to a side , scan leave and right . a bit more flipping until ... bingo . a string of quarter , a few button push then ... ..+. the click and clack of the machine , a disc rack and spun to speed , so quiet in here without that jukebox , then ... the SOUND of a disc rack , the jukebox do its work as ... kevin ( 0.s. ) chef 's special . Black spin to find Kevin pass , move behind he with a freshly plate meal -- carry it across the diner floor , over to the booth abutte the diner window . Black cock he head in surprise , make he way over to -- the booth approach a smile Kevin , take a look at the plate he 's make for he : black bean , white rice , a grill chicken breast with mole coating . 84 . black so you Cuban now ? kevin only in the kitchen , papi . ( and ) sit down , nigga . or you go 's eat standin’ up ? Black comply , ease into the booth , eye the food . kevin want a drink ? black I do not drink . a huff from Kevin -- more playful than skeptical -- leave the booth , head back over to the counter . Black watch as Kevin root around for something , come back over with a half run bottle of red wine , something simple . set a water glass down before each of they , settles in across from Black , pour . kevin nigga I be not see you in like a decade , you go 's drink with I . Black just look at this guy : what can he do ? the clink of glass , Kevin take a sip of he , Black take a gulp , maybe he do not drink after all . Kevin settles he elbow and forearm to the table : kevin so what bring you here , chiron ? curious , innocent , suggestive , all at once . Black just watch Kevin in response . kevin eat you dinner man . ( rise ) eat you dinner . Black 's gaze follow Kevin as he replace the old gentleman 's coffee as before , move on to a young couple sit in the booth where the group of girl be . off Black , CUT to ... 93 85 . int . jimmy eastside diner , booth - night - later 93 later by the look of Black 's plate , completely empty . Black take up he water glass of wine , a second bottle open there beside the first -- they have be thirsty . Kevin appear , settles in again . kevin you remember samantha ? black ( nodd ) yeah , I remember she . Kevin reach into he wallet , take out a photo , place it on the counter : kevin Kevin Jr. I and samantha . have he young ; too young . Kevin watch as Black take up the photo , bring it close , examine it . kevin when I get lock up , man . it be hard . Real hard . have I in state , not that county shit . that 's when I know I have to find somethin’ . that 's when I start the cookin’ thing , know I could not go back to the street , not after that . black y’all still down ? kevin I and Sam ? ( beat ) Nah . we still cool though , gotta be for lil 's man , but ... nah , not like that . beat . kevin what about you ? black what about I ? 86 . kevin nigga tell I somethin’ , what you doin’ , who you doin 's ? Black go sheepish at that last part . kevin C ’mon nigga , I be waitin’ , do cook for you ass and everything , shit , this grandma rule you know the drill , you go 's eat , you gotta speak . Black think on this , weigh something . take another sip of he wine , then ... black alright , straight up ? I be trappin’ . kevin ( serious ) what ? Black just nodd . black when they send I up to Atlanta , put I straight into juvie for beatin’ old boy . met this cat in there , when I come out , put I on the block . do good at it . Rose up . Black shrugging he shoulder , no explanation , no excuse . beat . black it be what it be . kevin bullshit , it be not what it be , chiron , that be not you . black nigga you do not know I . kevin oh I do not ? black I 'ma get my shit straight . Kevin shoot Black a look : 87. kevin and I guess gettin’ you shit straight be drivin’ twelve hour down here for no reason ? Kevin look over he shoulder -- the young couple be up at register , wait . Black watch as Kevin head over , begin ringing they till . it 's a small moment , cordial -- Kevin smile , make small talk with the husband and wife . he 's good at this . the sound of that familiar door jingle on they exit , Kevin beginning back now , stop to buss the couple 's table -- arm load with plate and silverware as he pass ... kevin ( move ) and why you get they damn front ? ..- do not bother for a reply , just keep move into the kitchen . beat . Black alone again for the moment . it 's dead in here -- no couple , no group of girl . Kevin be nowhere to be find , there 's nothing between Black and the door . the door . Black watch the door as ... Kevin reappear , wiping soap foam from he forearm , head back over . take he seat again across this modest booth . Kevin 's thought go back to this conversation , the two of they separate by this table ; by only this table . it 's as though they can sense this , both mull they thought , finger that water glass . Black 's eye lift : black why have you call I ? kevin what ? black why do you call I ? beat . 88 . kevin I tell you , this dude come in .... black yeah ... kevin he play this song .... Kevin trail off there , eye go to the jukebox in the corner . let he gaze linger a beat , then ... .+. root around a tip jar beside the register . a moment later , he 's round the counter , head for ... the jukebox ...- Kevin near it , study a moment before flipping that page , one after another as Black have before . from the effort , he do not know what he 's look for . or rather , he 's search for it , unsure . black ..- watch , look on as Kevin hover he finger over that page , trace a line along the glass there , mouth something to himself until finally ... ..- Kevin 's get it : the click of the jukebox , articulate arm shifting , a disc whirring to life and ... Church , juke -joint , cabana : the place where the three meet and meld as the open organ of Barbara Lewis 's hello Stranger fill the air . hello , stranger it seem so good to see you back again how long have it be ? it seem like a mighty long time kevin ..- lean he back to the jukebox , arm fold . at the booth .-- Black sit sideways , meeting Kevin 's gaze as he 's listen . both watch each other , eye link , lock . 94 89 . Black 's eye in particular here , perhaps from Kevin 's perspective , drift into they : he 's open , he 's let Kevin in . a beat as the song continue . the second verse : ohhbhhhh , my , my , myyyyyy I be so glad you stop by to say " hello " to I remember that 's the way it use to be ooh , it seem like a mighty long time it 's on the nose , yes , but fuck it : remind he , like a punch flush to the face , forever and always a reminder of this thing , of everything . Kevin crossing the diner floor , close the space between they . settles to the booth again , lean back . he watch Black , but ... .»+.as the song continue , Black 's mind drift elsewhere , mouth agape as Barbara continue ... ohhhhhhhhhh if you be not gonna stay please do not tease I like you do before because I still love you so , although .... it seem like a mighty long time the two of they this way as the song continue , Barbara '' oooo ' ing " and '' ah'ing " she way through the last few bar as the man listen , nothing else in the world but this moment . the song end . over at he table , the older gentleman pay they no mind , simply sip he coffee . off the doorbell jingling ... ext . jimmy eastside diner - night 94 Black stand with he hand in he pocket as Kevin work at the door behind he , close down the diner . down the sidewalk from they , the older gentleman move away , labor step after labor step . finish , Kevin turn to Black , the two fall into step without a word , move across the parking -- Black lead , Kevin just behind . 95 90 . occasionally one look to the other as they go , much say in this eye and look , but ... just the sound of movement , a heavy key ring dangle at Kevin 's side , the whir of vespas roam up biscayne . Kevin a few step behind as Black near the driver 's side door . like anyone see this gaudy thing for the first time , Kevin be take aback . kevin this you ? Black toggling the alarm system , the chevy beep loudly , all light flash twice and a pierce beep from that sound system . kevin you be not playin’ bout they trap . a shrug from Black as Kevin take the passenger side door , get in . Black follow , the engine on the car come to life . a beat as the car ease away from here , reach the edge of the parking lot , pull into traffic . int / ext . chevy impala - night - moving 95 loud in here , part habit , part defense mechanism : little room for word with two cabinet and a sub push slim k 's purple haze remix through this speaker . Black lean into the driver 's side door as always , one hand on the steering column , other rest on he lap . nothing speak between this two for a beat , just clocking each other on the sly as the pass light of the street and storefront play on they face . Black reach for the dial finally , cut the volume to a more modest level as trinidad James begin he mid-track overture . get Kevin 's attention , look over , expectant : black how you get to work ? kevin jitney . Bus . sometimes samantha shoot I out there if I get lil 's Kevin . 91 . Black nodd . black can not picture bein 's in Miami with no car , man . kevin yeah it 's real out here . black I bet. kevin Real slow , real hot , real bust , get I like a duck out here . both laugh at that , you can be call a lot of thing in Miami and next to snitch , duck be about the worst . black you on one . kevin Nah man , I be just tired . ( and ) I use to be up in they trap , too . be not easy ; be hard as hell , harder than this , man , but not much . feel like I work damn near as hard to make a day 's pay trappin’ in two week cookin’ . Black just nodd , he blinker flicked , the business of drive . kevin make everything hurt a lot more . feel like that cat from in livin 's Color : '' my neck , my back ... my neck and my back . '' that crack both of they up , nostalgia of it as much as anything else . the laughter carry they a way . before they know it , Black be shifting onto the freeway . Kevin look out the window there . on he right as they travel east away from the Miami that bring black boy up so hard : Fischer Island , the Miami immortalize in Rick Ross rhyme and Miami vice . kevin Bet on this the ride , chi’ . 96 92 . black can not have you on no jitney . more road , more light , more of the silence mapp out this space between they . kevin so chiron .... Kevin look directly at Black now . they be on the freeway ; Black be drive . and yet ... Kevin hold this think aloft , look across the interior of this car until Black look back , meet he gaze . he do . kevin you just drive here ? black yeah . kevin like you just be on one and get on the highway ? black yeah . a beat as they hold eye . kevin where you go 's stay tonight ? nothing from Black . nothing , no word , no gesture , nothing render from he in this moment . Black should be drive , should have eye on the road , pay attention to the other car , the thing pass . instead , all eye on Kevin , stare back at the man lose in that question , the space between its pose and this beat the clear answer . Kevin look away , out the window again . the earth just move . they both feel it . Kevin reach for the dial , raise the volume on that sound system . a moment of this travel , purple haze envelop they in this unspoken pact for a beat , then ... ext . miami beach parking lot - night 96 a public parking lot , open-air , twenty - four hour . Black and Kevin exite the car , Kevin careful not to slam the door , immaculate this car . 96 a 96b 97 93 . he begin across the lot but look back -- Black be still there , beside the car with the door aloft . the ocean be out there , the SOUND of it just beyond -- wind and roll wave -- a pathway sloping down to shore . in this darkness , he can not see it from here , but ... in Black 's gaze ? he certainly can feel it . the longest beat , then .... up CUT to : omitted 96a ext . kevin 's apartment - night - establishing 96b Black and Kevin enter the courtyard of this modest complex , make they way across a gravel walk . the SOUND of window - mount ac unit . the SOUND of privacy . int . kevin' apartment - night 97 Black stand in the live room as Kevin move away , disappear into another area of the apartment . alone , Black take the place in : simple , modest , sparsely furnish with thing that seem to have be find on sidewalk . on a table there , a single image of a small boy , a photo that look very much like the Young Kevin from earlier . the sound of a toilet flush , Kevin reappearing now , he work clothes shed , jeans and a T-shirt as he move through the space . kevin want somethin’ to drink ? beer ? Water ? black yeah . some water . Kevin over at the sink now , a straight sight - line to it from the live room here . Black watch as Kevin pour a glass from the tap , add ice cube from a plastic tray in the freezer . 94 , Kevin gesture to a simple fold table near Black , move over to it and set down two glass of water , Black sit opposite he . Kevin watch as Black drink he water , something not quite exaggerated but extend in the act , Kevin 's eye search the nape of Black 's neck . he smile . kevin who be you , man ? black who , I ? kevin yeah , nigga . you . they front ? that car ? who be you , chiron ? Black shrugging he shoulder , smile sheepishly : beat . black I be I , man , be not tryna be nothin’ else . kevin so you hard now ? black I be not say that . kevin then what ? kevin look , I be not tryna hem you up . just ... I be not see you ina minute . not what I expect , none of it . not good or bad , just not what I expect . black well what do you expect ? Kevin think about that one , have to ask himself : what he expect ? do kevin you remember the last time I see you ? 95 . at first , just a nod from Black , a plaintive gesture from he body but in that eye , so much more . black for a long time , try not to remember . Kevin nodd . black try to forget all that time . the good ... ... the bad . all of it . kevin yeah . I know . black when we get to Atlanta ... I start over . built myself from the ground up . built myself hard . beat . black what about you ? kevin I ? I just keep on , man . I be not never worth shit , never do anything I actually want to do , be all I could do to do what other folk think I should do , I be not never myself . black and now ? kevin now ? now I get lil 's kev’ , get this job man , get another 18 month of probation . black damn ... that 's real shit . 98 96 . kevin yeah , but it 's a life , you know ? I never have that before . like ... I be tired as hell right now and I be not makin 's more than shoe money , but ... I get no worry , man . not they kind what I have before . that 's some real shit , that 's that Bob marley shit , nigga . Black lighten at that , a little smile . it 's only amplify as Kevin start to do a little bob and weave , ad-lib a marley ’esque hymn . Black smile as Kevin 's eye alight with this little ditty . Kevin rise , head over to the small kitchen -- run water . he toggle a small radio . the SOUND of Kevin rotate through the dial , finally landing on a station , late night r&b , like debarge 's all this Love . Kevin come back over , settles . mute music from that kitchen radio . he take up he glass of water and enjoy another sip . Black fix he in he sight , more directly than before : black you be the only man who 's ever touch I . the air go out of Kevin 's chest , he gaze fixate on Black 's lip , anticipate the word fall from there : black the only one . Black 's hand be flat atop the table between they . his eye lower to it : black I have not really touch anyone , since . int . kevin' apartment , bedroom - night 98 Black sit at the foot of the bed , fully clothed , hand clasped between he knee , lean over slightly . Kevin stand before he , freeze . they hold each other 's eye a interminable beat . 99 97 . Black stand shakily . Kevin watch he as he close the space between they , draw right up to he . Kevin take a hand and lay it flat against Black 's chest . a puzzle look come over Kevin 's face . kevin you shakin’ . black yeah . kevin wait . Kevin cross the doorway , flip a switch : total darkness .»»- only the soft thudding of foot crossing the floor . another beat , then , under darkness : black I be shakin’ . kevin yeah . black I be still shakin’ . kevin yeah . the SOUND of body touch , the beginning of thing , then ... ..+- another sound rise -- from afar -- the SOUND of wave crash , rush onto shore . and mingling with that rush of wave , the sound of lip and hand , the join of body , somewhere in this darkness Black and Kevin re-learning one another as we CUT to ... ext . ocean - night 99 that wave hear crash moment earlier on full display , rush ashore at a frothy run . Dark out , extremely dark save for the light of beach bar a way down the ocean front . the undulate rhythm of the Atlantic catch the moon , glint it all over . 98 . as we observe this movement of water and dance of light , shoulder appear , bare , gaunt : little from we open episode . calmly , methodically , Little move across the sand , approach the water . a beat more of Little ease up to the surf , then ... .-- he look back : he dark skin moisten in the ocean spray , moon catch he same as its catch the surface of the Atlantic . and that eye : look right at we , stare plaintively , plainly , nothing request , no expectation : just a clear , undisturbed openness . hold this gaze , then ... ...- Little turn from we , he form and movement slowly , steadily meld into the flow of light and wave as we head out into the ocean and we ... fade to black .