" moonstruck " by John Patrick shanley final draft fade in : int . zito's bread story - day several dozen loaf of golden italian bread be stand on end in a shaft of morning sunlight . they be stand on end in bin . in the window , zito be can be read in reverse . we leave the loaf and drift down to a progresso product calendar , which hang from the wall by a nail . the month be November . various phone number and delivery date have be pen in in a rough scrawl . now we go to a white formica counter , scuff and pock from long use . on the counter , in a rinse out olive jar fill with water , be three fat red rose . the title appear in black script against the white background . moonstruck now we faintly hear the voice of Zito himself , and a low tapping SOUND . some credit roll . zito's voice ( barely discernable ) Three time they cancel the order with I , and three time they come back . who they kid ? they cheap , cheap , cheap . the other bread they get be no good . they save penny . everybody complain and they come back . " Zito , you bread be the best . " they be like child stupid in school who cannot learn . the water . it 's the water . you buy bread in hoboken , you get hoboken water . hoboken water be dry . ask anybody who know . ask you father . he know . during Zito 's plaintive word , we leave the rose and move down the counter to a calculator be tapped very efficiently with the eraser end of pencil . when the result appear , the pencil note the figure in a threadbare old ledger . now we see zito he 's a middle - age italian man with a kind face . but it 's early in the day , and he 's already be work for hour , so he 's a little tired and disgruntled . zito you want I to make you some coffee ? now we see loretta for the first time she 's enter a few final figure in the ledger . loretta be italian , 37 . her hair black , do in a date style , be fleck with grey . she 's dress in sensible but unfashionable clothes of a dark color . loretta what d' you know about coffee ? gimme a loaf of bread . ext . zito's bread store - day Loretta emerge with she little weathered leather bookkeeping satchel and a loaf of Zito bread in a white paper bag . she move off briskly . ext . a.j. conti funeral chapel - day this be a little italian funeral parlor . int . the " wake " room " a generic little room fill with many flower and wreathes , many fold chair , a few old people sit and , up front , the star of the show , the corpse on display in he gold and formica casket . before the casket be a little kneeler . we discover a old lady there , who cross herself and rise . she go and sit by ruby , another old woman . she lean over and say . old woman he look great . ruby that Al conti be a genius . int . office of the funeral parlor first we see a name plate on a desk . the plate read alfonso conti . we hear he voice . conti's voice I be a genius . the shot widen to include the loaf of bread which be half cut up and be butter . next to the bread be two steaming mug of coffee . we hear the subdued tapping of Loretta 's tabulation . loretta's voice if you be such a artistic genius , why can not you keep track of you receipt ? how be I go to do you income tax ? conti's voice I be a artistic genius . the shot widen and now we can see Al conti and Loretta sit at the desk have Zito 's butter bread and mug of coffee . Loretta 's get she calculator go and be enter figure in Al 's black , gold - lettere ledger . loretta if you be a artistic genius , how come you get butter on you tie ? he look down and see the stain . he 's at a loss . loretta give it here . I will give you this , Al , you make good coffee . she downs she coffee , accept the stain tie which Al have take off , and slam the ledger shut . int . robert dry cleaners - day - more credit roll we be look at a wall of dry-clean clothes bag . they be hang from a automated grid . as we watch , the wall start to move off to the leave . a gap appear where no clothes be hang . the gap create visual frame . in the frame be ROBERT . he be operate the grid with a little stick shift . he stop it and take down a garment . he leave the frame , head off to the counter . when he move away , we see that Loretta be behind he , work she calculator , enter in a ledger . she slam the ledger shut , wave goodbye , and go . after beat she reappear , produce conti 's tie , say something to Robert , who be out of view , leave the tie , and int . butcher shop - day we see a cleaver whack a oxtail into section . now we see Loretta , a few foot away , tabulate on a chopping block that be partially obscure by a row of hang rabbit , unskin . int . a florist shop - day a long white box be be fill with red rose . we hear the florist voice . florist voice Red rose . very romantic . the man who send this know what he 's do . now we see Loretta tabulate and the florist work on the box of rose . loretta the man who send that spend a lot of money on something that end up in the garbage can . the florist give she a look and then smile . florist I be glad everybody be not like you , Loretta . I would be outta business . loretta without I , you would be out of business . I like flower . she give he a sudden , brief , blind smile . it 's the first time we have see she smile . she have gold work around one of she two front tooth . the florist grunt and hand she a red rise . camera move close to Loretta and the rise . end of credit dissolve to : ext . the grand ticino - a italian restaurant - night a red neon sign hang in the window . it 's a quaint downstairs restaurant in greenwich Village . a young couple stop , look at the menu , become more interested in each other , kiss , and decide to go in . int . the grand ticino - night White tablecloth and dark green wall , a tiny bar up by the door . the waiter all look a little alike . that 's because they be all related . the place be about half full , and bustles along pleasantly . music a violin plays a melancholy neapolitan air . mr. johnny and Loretta sit at a table for two talk quietly . they have they menus and glass of red wine . Mr. johnny be italian , around 42 . his wavy salt - and pepper hair be impeccably comb back ; but there be so much that it threaten to fall forward someday and engulf he face . he be wear a pinky ring , a dark suit , a gold watch , and , on he face , a mustache and a look of incredible seriousness . Loretta be italian , 37 . her black hair , do in a date style , be fleck with grey . she be wear a dark blouse , black skirt , and high heel . one of she tooth be frame with gold work . Mr. johnny be really timid of life , a overgrown boy , who hide this quality behind a veil of dignity . Loretta be tough and efficient , loyal and watchful ; she watch out for Mr. johnny , and defend he against life . bobo , a Old World italian waiter , come over to take they order . bobo be you ready ? mr. johnny hello , bobo . how be you tonight ? bobo very good , Mr. johnny . mr. johnny we will both have the salad ticino . bobo uh-huh mr. johnny and I will have the special fish . loretta you do not want the fish . mr. johnny no ? loretta it 's the oily fish tonight . not before the plane ride . mr. johnny maybe you be right . loretta give he the manicotta , bobo . I , too . bobo yes , miss Loretta . loretta ( to Mr. johnny ) that will give you a base . for you stomach . you eat that oily fish , you go up in the air , halfway to Sicily you will be green and you hand will be sweat . mr. johnny ( smile ) you look after I . they hear a distinguished man' voice rise out of the babble . they turn and look . the man 's name be perry . perry and patricia from loretta's Pov perry be a university professor . patricia be he girlfriend / student . he 's in he 50' . she 's about 25 year young . she 's get she coat on in a huff . perry Patricia , please do not go ! patricia what do you think I be , a talk dog ? perry I be just make a point about the way you say ... the way you state you aspiration . patricia you can kiss my aspiration ! Professor ! she storm out , leave perry mutter to himself . perry kiss my aspiration . oh , very clever . the height of cleverness . waiter ! a abnormally shy waiter stop . shy waiter yes ? perry could you do away with she dinner , and any evidence of she , and bring I a big glass of vodka ? shy waiter but absolutely ! the shy waiter begin to efficiently clear . mr. johnny and loretta exchange a glance Mr. johnny be amused . bobo serve they they salad . mr. johnny a man who can not control he woman be funny . loretta she be too young for he . Mr. johnny consider this a point well take . bobo and he nephew eddie stand near the kitchen which can be see through a serve window . they can look out over the restaurant table . bobo be melancholy and philosophical . eddie be a young waiter . eddie what 'samatter , uncle bobo ? bobo tonight Mr. johnny 's gonna propose marriage . eddie how you know that ? bobo he arrange it with I . when he ask she , then he will wave to I and I will bring champagne . good bachelor customer for twenty year . but who know ? maybe he will lose courage . eddie heavy duty stuff . perry , feeling no pain , collar the shy waiter he hold out he empty glass . perry can I get another one of this ? shy waiter definitely ! perry take he arm . perry May I presume to ask you a question ? shy waiter sure ! perry do you have a girlfriend ? shy waiter I be alone in the world . perry let go of he arm . he and the shy waiter commiserate a moment . then , wordlessly , the shy waiter go . perry that 's very sad . bobo be clearing the remains of mr . johnny' dinner . he 's already clear Loretta 's . bobo how 's thing ? loretta Fine , bobo . we will take the check . mr. johnny no , I want to see the dessert cart . bobo very good . bobo go . Loretta be surprised . loretta you never have dessert . mr. johnny never be a long time . Mr. johnny be uneasy . he massage he head . loretta what 's the matter ? mr. johnny my scalp be not get enough blood sometimes . Loretta look at he strangely . bobo roll up the dessert cart . we see Loretta and Mr. johnny through the frame of the dessert cart . they turn and look at the dessert . mr. johnny have something . loretta I should not . mr. johnny will you marry I ? loretta what ? mr. johnny will you marry I ? loretta bobo , take the cart away . he do . loretta ( continue ) be you propose marriage to I ? mr. johnny yes ? loretta you know I be marry and that my husband die . but what you do not know be I think he and I have bad luck . mr. johnny what do you mean ? loretta we get marry at the City Hall and I think it give bad luck the whole marriage . mr. johnny I do not understand . loretta right from the start we do not do it right . could you kneel down ? mr. johnny on the floor ? loretta yes , on the floor . mr. johnny this be a good suit . loretta I help you buy it . it come with two pair of pants . it 's for luck , johnny . when you propose marriage to a woman , you should kneel down . mr. johnny alright . Mr. johnny slowly get out of he chair . there 's not enough room for he to kneel down . he have to ask two off - duty pro wrestler who be eat dinner to move they chair . they do so with bemuse expression . they name be bob and mook . shy waiter bring perry a fresh glass of vodka asks the shy waiter perry be that man praying ? mr. johnny on he knee address loretta johnny so. will you mar ... loretta ( interrupt ) where 's the ring ? mr. johnny ( at a loss ) the ring ? bob and mook be watching mr . johnny' performance they be deadpan mug . bob ( to Mr. johnny ) a ring . that 's right . mook I woulda sprung for a ring if it be I . bobo and eddie stand near the kitchen watching bobo she 's get he on he knee . he 's ruin he suit . loretta and mr. johnny loretta you could use you pinky ring . mr. johnny I like this ring . loretta you propose to a woman you should offer she a ring of engagement . Mr. johnny take off the ring and hold it out to she . mr. johnny Loretta . Loretta castorini Clark . on my knee . in front of all this people . will you marry I ? she meekly accept the ring from he and take he hand . loretta yes , johnny . yes , John Anthony cammareri . I will marry you . I will be you wife . Mr. johnny slowly stand up , brushes off he knee . the restaurant have fall utterly silent . Loretta smile . they embrace . Loretta kiss he quickly . a middle - aged woman , susan , be maudlin from the proposal bobo stand very near she table . she be about to applaud the proposal . she bring she hand together . bobo 's hand flash out and neatly capture she hand before they can part again . the single sound die abruptly in the silent room . loretta and mr. johnny Mr. johnny be in control now . he look around once , regally . mr. johnny bobo ! the check ! perry and the shy waiter look at mr . johnny and loretta perry I feel like I have just witness a car accident . the shy waiter sit down at perry 's table . shy waiter when I be twenty - seven year old , in Jersey City , I ask a woman to marry I . she have red hair . she smell a jasmine . she wear black shoe with pointy white tip . perry what happen ? shy waiter she do not hear I . she ask I to repeat , so she could understand what I say . but I would not repeat it . outta shyness . so I be a bachelor . mr. johnny and loretta he 's help she on with she coat . loretta what time be it ? mr. johnny seven-thirty . loretta so we will pick up the car , we will make the plane in plenty of time . Mr. johnny put on he coat . mr. johnny my mother will be happy I be get marry . bobo approach with the bucket of champagne . he 's flustered . bobo I forget to bring the champagne , Mr. johnny . mr. johnny I forget to wave . we will have it at the wedding . ext . midtown tunnel - a cream colored lot speed - night int . the cream lot - night Loretta drive and Mr. johnny sit beside she . in the back seat be two suitcase . loretta what about the wedding ? mr. johnny my mother be die . when she be dead , I will come back and we will be marry . loretta how near be she to death ? mr. johnny a week . two week . no more . loretta then let 's set the date . loretta how about a month from today ? mr. johnny must it be so definite ? can not we just say that we will be marry when I get back ? loretta where ? at the City Hall ? no ! I want the whole wedding or we will have bad luck . for a whole wedding to be plan , a date must be set . mr. johnny alright . a month . in a month . loretta a month from today ? mr. johnny yeah . loretta I will take care of it , johnny . I will take care of the whole thing . all you have to do be show up . int . a terminal at kennedy INTERNATIONAL airport - night close up on tv monitor - video insert dialogue on clip : ( Close - up on ava gardner &amp ; Gregory peck kissing . length of clip be 1:25 ) ava oh , you be not go . you be stay . gregory no , I be go . ava the shawfish ? gregory just across the bay , at the fuel depot . the man want to try to get home . I can not explain . ava then , I suppose the time have come say it 's be nice dwight lionel . it 's be everything . oh , dwight , I be frighten . gregory I know , I be so sorry for so many thing . I love you , moira . I love you . I love you . int . a terminal at kennedy airport - night many people , most of they italian , be line up to board the plane . a voice can be hear over the p.a. system . voice ( over p.a. system ) International Flight number six-ohfour board for Rome and palermo at Gate twenty -six . mr. johnny and loretta be saying goodbye loretta call I when you get in . mr. johnny I will call you when I get to mama 's house . loretta you have make I very happy , johnny . he take a piece of paper from he wallet . mr. johnny there 's one thing about this wedding I want you to do . call this number . it 's a business number . ask for ronny . invite he to the wedding . loretta who be he ? mr. johnny he 's my young brother . loretta you have a brother ? mr. johnny we have not speak in five year . there be some bad blood . I want you to call he and invite he to the wedding . will you do it ? loretta sure . voice this be the last call for International Flight number six-ohfour board at Gate twenty -six for Rome and palermo . mr. johnny I have get to go . he clumsily kiss she . then he quickly turn and leave . she wave , but he do not look back . ext airport runway - night Close shot on plane 's wheel and under belly as it slowly begin to move . Red light be flash . a old italian crone be looking out the terminal window in the background we see the accordion like ramp that be load to the depart aircraft , slowly fold up . Loretta walk up beside she , and look out the window , too . the crone be dress in black and have a black scarf on she head . the crone notice Loretta . crone do you have someone on that plane ? loretta yeah . ( smile ) my fiancé . crone I have put a curse on that plane . my sister be on that plane . I have put a curse on that plane that it should explode . burn on fire and fall into the sea . fifty year ago she steal a man from I . today she tell I that she do not even love he . she take he to feel strong with I . now she go back to Sicily . I have curse she that the green Atlantic water should swallow she up . loretta I do not believe in curse . crone ( smile ) neither do i. the plane take off . Loretta look after it anxiously . all she hope be on that plane . int . a parking garage in little italy - night the lot pull into the entrance and Loretta get out . a attendant appear . attendant Mr. johnny 's , right ? loretta right . the key 's in it . attendant good night . loretta night . Loretta walk of into the night . ext . the sweetheart liquor store - night camera frame the window with a sweetheart in neon . ext . the sweetheart liquor store - night Loretta walk up the street and enter the store . int . the sweetheart liquor store - night Loretta walk in . irv and lotte , the middle - age couple who own and run the place , be have a argument . lotte I have see how you look at she and it be not right . irv how do I look at she ? ( to Loretta ) can I help you ? loretta a split of moet . lotte ( to irv ) like a wolf . irv ( get the split ) like a wolf , huh ? you never see a wolf in you life . irv ( to Loretta ) that 's seven-fifty -seven . Loretta pay and wait for she change . lotte I see a wolf in everybody I ever meet and I see a wolf in you . irv ( give the change ) that make ten . thanks . have a nice night . loretta you , too . Loretta walk out . irv you know what I see in you , Lotte ? lotte what ? irv the girl I marry . Lotte , catch off -guard , blushes . ext . the castorini house - night it 's a big , old eccentric , three - story corner house . to one side , it 's get a qate arch that lead to a inner courtyard where three car could park . it 's get two cast- iron balcony . about a third of the window in the house be light . from within can be heard the faint strain of VICKI carr singing and one dog barking . Loretta appear , carry champagne , approach the front door , unlock it , and go in . int . the castorini house - the front hall - night music VICKI carr be singing " it must be he . " the front hall be typical of big old brownstone . there 's a big old oak coat rack with a build - in mirror and a umbrella stand . there be several coat hang from it . the floor be litter with boot . there 's also a side table . on the table be a large cut - glass bowl fill with a couple of pound of hard candy . Loretta come in and take off she coat . a single mad howl be heard , follow by a pandemonium of barking . five dog charge into the hall to greet Loretta . they be totally cockey , crackpot mutt . they name be juda , lucy , leo fatboy , and jone . loretta hello , boy and girl . guess what happen to I ? the voice of the old man be hear call out from upstairs . old man' voice how long must I wait ? quanto tempo devo aspettare ? the five dog turn away from Loretta and charge up the stair toward the voice . Loretta walk toward the live room . int . the castorini house - live room - night this be the source of the Vicki carr song , which be just end . cosmo castorini , Loretta 's father be just turn off the old stereo . he be a powerful man , about 65 , with a huge shock of white hair and gold wire glass . he 's wear a big old red silk robe over blue pajamas , and royal blue slipper . the room it fill with lumpy upholster furniture , once grand , now threadbare ; shawl and doily cover hole in fail fabric . there 's a fireplace contain a die fire . cosmo 's wing chair , with he newspaper on it , be beside a light fringe lamp . cosmo see Loretta as she come in . cosmo hi. he sit in he chair and put he foot up on a old needlepoint ottoman . he start to read the paper . loretta where 's ma ? cosmo bed . loretta you be not sleepy ? cosmo I can not sleep anymore . it 's too much like death . loretta pop , I get news . cosmo put down the paper and take he foot off the ottoman . cosmo alright . let 's go in the kitchen . cosmo get up and head for the kitchen . he hum and continue as Loretta open champagne . int . the castorini house - kitchen - night Loretta and cosmo sit at the kitchen table . it 's a big tin table with a black - and - white design . Loretta have put two old - fashioned champagne glass on the table , the split of champagne , a bag of sugar cube , and a bottle of bitter . she pour the champagne , drop a little lump of sugar into each glass , and add a dash of bitter . she hand one of the drink to cosmo . loretta here . ( she toast ) ti amo . ( translated : I love you . ) cosmo ti amo . loretta you look tired . cosmo what 's you news ? loretta I be get marry . cosmo again ? loretta yeah . cosmo you do this once it do not work out . loretta the guy die . cosmo what kill he ? loretta he get hit by a bus . cosmo no ! bad luck ! you ma and I be marry fifty - two year a nobody die . you be marry , what , two year , and somebody be dead . do not get marry again , Loretta . it do not work out for you . who 's the man ? loretta johnny cammareri . cosmo him ? he 's a big baby . why be not he here with you tell I ? loretta he 's fly to Sicily . his mother 's die . cosmo more bad luck ! I do not like he face , Loretta . I do not like he lip . when he smile I can not see he tooth . when will you do it ? loretta in a month . cosmo I will not come . loretta you have get to come . you have get to give I away . cosmo I do not give you away the first time . loretta and maybe that 's why I have the bad luck . maybe if you give I away , and I get marry in a church , in a wedding dress , instead of at the City Hall with stranger stand outside the door , maybe then I would not have the bad luck I have . cosmo maybe . loretta I do not have no wedding cake , no reception or nothing . johnny get down on he knee and propose to I at the Grand ticino . cosmo he do ? loretta yeah . cosmo that do not sound like johnny . where 's the ring ? Loretta show it . cosmo examine it . loretta here . cosmo it look stupid . it 's a pinky ring . it 's a man 's ring . loretta it 's temporary . cosmo everything be temporary . that do not excuse nothing . loretta so you will come to the wedding , right ? cosmo let 's go tell you mother . she smile . he do not . they rise from the table . the castorini house - darkened master bedroom - night the door to the hall open , and the light from without dimly illuminate a massive four-poster bed . cosmo enter , follow by Loretta . he speak into the dark a calm and measure summon . cosmo Rose . Rose . Rose . Rose . a lamp be switch on by the bed . by rose . Rose be in she 60's , and be very , very beautiful . her abundant white tresses frame a face of porcelain delicacy . she 's wear a old and richly beautiful white nightgown . rose who 's dead ? cosmo nobody . Loretta be get marry . rose again ? johnny cammareri . cosmo go and sit on the bed . cosmo I do not like he . rose you be not gonna marry he , cosmo . do you love he , Loretta ? loretta no . rose good . when you love they they drive you crazy cause they know they can . but you like he ? loretta oh yeah . he 's a sweet man . I wanna have a big church wedding , ma. and a reception . rose and who 's gonna pay for that ? loretta pop. cosmo what ? Rose start laugh . loretta Father of the bride pay . cosmo walk out . cosmo I have no money ! rose you be rich as Roosevelt . you be just cheap , cosmo . cosmo shout from the stair . cosmo I will not pay for nothing . rose he do not use to be cheap . he think if he hold on to he money , he will never die . loretta it 's he duty as a father to pay for my wedding , ma ... music VICKI carr , singing " it must be he " , start play . Rose look weary . rose now he 's gonna play that damn Vicki carr record . and then when he come to bed , he will not touch I . ext . the castorini house - morning the first golden ray of sunlight touch the great old house . the front door open . Close shot of dog come into camera as door open . the old man come out . the Old man , who be cosmo 's father , be 83 year old . he be take the five dog out for they morning walk . he have they five leash bundle in one hand . in the other hand , even though it be a cloudless November morning , he open black umbrella . he walk off down the block with the dog . ext . a SMALL CITY park surrounded by hurricane fence - day the Old man and the five dog appear and enter the park . he approach a park bench where felix and lucy be already sit . Felix and Lucy be about the same age as the Old man . they each have a well - behave dog . when the Old man sit down , he let the five dog go . the dog run off , barking like mad . felix it 's wrong to just let they go . old man ( ignore Felix ) good morning , Lucy . lucy good morning . felix they run around , they mess up the whole park . old man what do you want I to do ? pick up after five dog ? I be eighty - three year old . God in he heaven understand that I can not pick up after five dog . felix you have too many dog . the dog can be heard in the distance . it sound like they be kill each other . old man ( go back to ignore Felix ) Lucy . there be big thing go on in my house . my granddaughter Loretta , the only daughter of my son cosmo , have engage herself to be marry a second time . lucy I have hear that johnny cammareri get down on he knee in the Grand ticino and propose to she . old man my son do not like this johnny cammareri . he say he be a big baby . felix you should have one dog . like Lucy . like I . I wish I hadda gun . if I hadda gun , I would shoot four of you dog . the Old man make a low , threaten noise . lucy do not fight . old man my granddaughter want my son to pay for the wedding . but he do not want to pay . lucy he should pay . old man I do not know . lucy he owe she a wedding from the first time when there be none . old man maybe . I do not know . he have not ask my advice . if he ask my advice , I do not know what I will say . the SOUND of the dog become intense again . felix I will not have to shoot that dog . they will kill each other . old man you think so , huh , stupid ? that dog love each other . ext . the castorini house - day the gate in the big archway be open from the inside . it 's cosmo . he 's wear a good but old - fashioned suit , a overcoat , and a homburg . he 's pull he car , a 1965 black buick , up to the gate . now that he have the gate open , he get in the car and drive out to the curb . he get out and go back to lock the gate . as he do this , the Old man approach the house with the five dog and the open umbrella . the Old man and the dog go to the front door of the house . cosmo go to the door of he car . the two man , father and son , see each other at the moment they grab they respective door handle . they each raise a hand in greeting ; it be the same gesture for both man , a eccentric chopping motion . then they open they respective door . the Old man disappear within the house . cosmo drive slowly away in he car . int . the castorini house - kitchen - day a red -hot , well -seasoned cast iron frying pan receives a big lump of butter with a hiss gasp of satisfaction . a wooden spoon push the sink lump around until the pan be coat . two square slice of yellow bread with round hole punch in they middle land in the pan . two circle of green pepper land next to the bread . a spatula flip over the bread which have become glisten gold on the cook side . two egg be break and drop sunnyside into the hole in the bread . the circle of green pepper be push around by the spatula , scoop up deftly , and each be make to frame one of the egg . a woman' hand garnish each bright yellow yolk with a slash of red pimento . the spatula reappear and lift the result from the pan , and slide they onto two small dark blue plate . now we see that Loretta be just finish set the tin table for two . in the b.g. , Rose be turn away from the big , old - fashioned six range gas stove where a old speckle coffee pot be steaming up a sun-drenched window . Rose come toward the table with the laden blue plate . she 's wear a nice old apron over a blue housedress . she 's thoughtful . as Rose come to the table , Loretta in a blue denim work shirt and pants , go to the stove and get the coffee . as Rose put breakfast on the table , she speak to Loretta , who 's at the stove . rose will you live here ? loretta no . rose why not ? loretta pop do not like johnny . Loretta return with the coffeepot to the table , and pour . then she take the pot back to the stove . rose so we will sell the house . loretta I get marry before , you do not sell . Loretta come to the table . they sit down to breakfast . rose grandma be still alive . chiro be still home go to school . now he 's marry and go to Florida . if you and johnny move in , have a baby ... loretta I be thirty - seven year old . rose what 's thirty - seven ? I have chiro after I be thirty - seven . it be not over till it 's over . loretta johnny have a big apartment . we will live there . rose and we will sell the house . loretta I would like to stay , ma. I love the house . but pop do not like johnny . rose no . he do not . the wall phone in the kitchen ring . Loretta go and answer it . loretta hello ? yea , this be Loretta castorini - yeah . be that you johnny ? int . a darkened bedroom in palermo - day Mr. johnny be call on a old european - style phone . in the b.g. be the sickbe . in the sickbe lie vesta , Mr. johnny 's mother , she grey hair spread out on a golden pillow . by the bed be three mourner , old crone dress in black . one clutches a missal , the other two clutch rosary . all three be grieve in a steady low wordless whine . Mr. johnny speak into the phone in a confidential manner . there be some long - distance crackle . mr. johnny ssh , it 's I . I be call from the deathb of my mother . loretta on the phone loretta how be you plane ride ? mr. johnny on the phone mr. johnny the waitress be very nice . ( glance over at he mother ) my mother be slip away . loretta on the phone vesta ( call to the heavens ) quanto tempo devo aspettare ? ( now she aim more at johnny ) how long must I wait ?! mr. johnny I can not talk long . loretta have you tell she we be get marry ? mr. johnny on the phone mr. johnny not yet . I be wait till a moment when she 's peaceful . we hear Loretta 's voice over he receiver . loretta's voice just do not wait until she 's dead . mr. johnny have you call my brother ? loretta's voice not yet . mr. johnny will you do it today ? call he , make he come to the wedding . five year be too long for bad blood between brother . nothing can replace you family . I see that now . loretta on the phone loretta alright . I will call he . today . listen , johnny . call I after you tell you mother . alright ? alright . and do not stand directly under the sun . you have get you hat , use you hat . alright . bye-bye . Loretta hang up the phone . she think . Rose speak from the table , where she 's still sit . rose how 's the mother ? loretta she 's die . but I could still hear she big mouth . rose do he tell she ? loretta not yet . that old lady make he sweat . ( to herself ) where 's that card ? Rose get up and take the dish to the sink , Loretta fish in she pocket and come out with the business card Mr. johnny give she . she dial the number . rose who be you call ? int . cammareri pastry shop - day ( intercut W / loretta in kitchen ) chrissy , a woman with a queen accent , answer . chrissy cammareri 's bake shop . loretta be ronny there ? chrissy hold on . ( yell into intercom ) ronny , the phone ! int . cammareri pastry shop - oven room - day ( intercut W / loretta in kitchen ) ronny yeah , this be ronny . loretta I be call for you brother johnny . he 's get marry and he want you to come . there 's a long pause . ronny 's voice return , hoarse with emotion . ronny why do not he call himself ? loretta he 's in palermo . ronny what 's wrong can never be make right . ( hang up phone ) loretta let I come and talk to you . Loretta hang up the phone . she look at the card again , make a decision and pocket the card . the townhouse / int . the buick - day as cosmo drive away . he 's in a very good mood . he 's whistling . he laugh to himself . cammareri's pastry shop - day and the street in front of it . Loretta arrive . she 's wear a long , navy - blue cloth coat and a knit hat . she look up at the sign and at the business card in she hand , and enter the shop . int . cammareri's pastry shop - day it 's a nice italian bake shop . Three italian woman , chrissy , barbara , and ma wait on three women shopper at the counter . chrissy and barbara be in they late 20' or early 30' ; ma be old , old . Loretta come in and speak to chrissy . loretta be ronny cammareri here ? chrissy he down at the oven . what do you want ? loretta I would like to speak to he . ext . cammareri's pastry shop - day chrissy come out and Loretta follow . they walk around to a outdoor staircase that descend into the sidewalk . chrissy shout down . chrissy hey , ronny . ext . a old door at the foot of the staircase - day the door slide open , revealing rocco , a baker miss a few tooth . he be surround by bread . rocco what ! chrissy' voice somebody to see ronny . rocco slide back the door all the way . chrissy and Loretta make they way past he . he slide the door three quarter shut behind they . int . the basement oven room - day there be two coal - fire oven , one at either end of the room . there be a large wooden table roughly center . and various piece of baking equipment , dough -mixer , etc. , scattered willy - nilly . and everywhere there be bread . pietro , a baker , be work at one of the oven with a long wooden spatula . ronny be work at the other oven . actually , he be just stare in the open door at the baking bread and burn coal . he 's dress in black jeans streak with flour , a white restaurant shirt , white cotton glove , and around he neck , a red handkerchief . he be black -haire , handsome and intense . rocco ronny ! ronny what ! rocco somebody here to see you . ronny turn and take in Loretta . ronny have you come from my brother ? loretta yes . ronny why ? loretta I be go to marry he . ronny you be go to marry my brother ? loretta yes . do you want ... ronny I have no life . loretta Excuse I . ronny I have no life . my brother johnny take my life from I . loretta I do not understand . everything in the oven room have stop and everyone be watch . ronny and now he 's get marry . he have he , he 's get he . and he want I to come ? what be life ? he pick up the wooden spatula and slide it into the oven . loretta I do not come here to upset you . ronny slide a bunch of loaf out of the oven on the spatula , turn they around , and slide they back in . ronny they say bread be life . so I bake bread , bread , bread . ( he 's pick up loaf of bread from one of the box on the floor , and casually toss they across the room . ) and the year go by ! by ! by ! and I sweat and shovel this stinking dough in and outta this hot hole in the wall and I should be so happy , huh , sweetheart ? you want I to come to the wedding of my brother johnny ?!! where be my wedding ? chrissy ! over by the wall ! gimme the big knife ! chrissy no , ronny ! Barbara appear in the doorway and come down the stair into the room . ronny gimme the big knife ! I be gonna cut my throat ! loretta maybe I should come back another time . ronny no , I want you to see this ! I want you to watch I kill myself so you can tell my brother on he wedding day ! chrissy , gimme the big knife ! chrissy I tell you I will not do it ! ronny ( to Loretta ) do you know about I ? barbara oh , Mr. cammareri ! ronny nothing be anybody 's fault , but thing happen . ( hold up he leave hand to Loretta ) look . he pull off the glove . the hand be make of wood . ronny it 's wood . it 's fake . five year ago I be engage to be marry . johnny come in here , he order bread from I . I put it in the slicer and I talk with he and my hand get catch cause I be not pay attention . the slicer chew off my hand . it 's funny ' cause - when my fiancé see that I be maim , she leave I for another man . loretta that 's the bad blood between you and johnny ? ronny that 's it . loretta but that be not johnny 's fault . ronny I do not care ! I be not no freakin monument to justice ! I lose my hand , I lose my bride ! johnny have he hand , johnny have he bride ! you come in here and you want I to put away my heartbreak and forget ? he go to the big table , which be flour and cover with bread . he sweep everything off the tabletop during the next . ronny be it just a matter of time till a man open he eye and give up he one dream of happiness ? maybe . maybe . all I have ... have you come here , Stranger , bride of my brother , to take this last few loaf from my table ? alright . alright . the table be bare . he stare at it blankly . he wander away , to the back room where the flour sack be keep . we hear a single sob escape he from that room , and then silence . everyone in the oven room look after he . then chrissy approach Loretta . she hold the big knife at she side . chrissy this be the most torment man I have ever know . I be in love with this man . he do not know that . I never tell he cause he can never love anybody since he lose he hand and he girl . she hold out the knife . chrissy here . why do not you just kill he ? it would be so much more kind than come here and invite he to a wedding like he will never have . Loretta consider chrissy , decide what she 's go to do , and go to the flour room . int . of the flour room - day many 50 lb. bag of flour be stack under a bare electric bulb . a rough stone staircase opposite be light by daylight from above . ronny , quietly distraught , stand lean by he forehead against a stack of flour . Loretta approach he . she feel for he . loretta where you live ? he point to the stone staircase . ronny upstair . she touch he shoulder . loretta come on . he follow she up the stair . ext . the staircase entrance on the STREET Loretta and ronny emerge . he gesture . they enter the apartment building behind the bakery . int . the peacock cafe '' day it 's a dark italian coffee and dessert house . reproduction of Roman statuary adorn grottos and alcove . in the back be a glass case display various dessert , and behind the case , a big burnish gold cappuccino machine . the place be almost empty . music a album of " neapolitan folk song " be playing on the cafe 's SOUND system . the camera travel along the face of a expose brick wall , discovering bust of Roman occasionally , and then it come to the figure of cosmo . he 's sit at a table which be inset into a nook , so we can not see who he 's with . dark NOOK in the cafe at a little table away from pry eye , cosmo sit with mona , he girlfriend . mona be a pretty but overripe italian woman in she late forty . she 's all do up , and she look at cosmo with adoration . cosmo and then there be copper , which be the only pipe I use . it cost money . but it cost money because it save money . mona and what do they say ? cosmo the man understand I . the woman want to be cheap , but the man see that I be right . mona you have such a head for know . you know everything . cosmo I bring you something . he take out a small velvet box and hand it to she . cosmo it 's a present . she open the box . it 's a gold bracelet with a pattern of star and bird . mona oh , cosmo ! cosmo they be little star and bird . bird fly to the star , I guess . ext . ronny'' apartment build - day a three - story walk - up above cammareri 's bakery . int . ronny'' apartment - day it 's a two - bedroom apartment . the decor reflect ronny 's love of the opera . the furniture be overstuff , fringe in the color of italian passion . but it be all a bit fade , the remain of a old flamboyance . the wall be decorate with opera poster ; and over the fireplace there be a painting depict a scene from " La boheme " : mimi be stand in the snow . ronny stare at the picture of mimi in the La boheme poster . Loretta come in from the kitchen and set down a cup of coffee . loretta you ready for the coffee ? Loretta move back into the kitchen . ronny turn and watch as she walk down the hall . ronny Loretta . what 's that smell ? loretta I be make you a steak . ronny you do not have to help I . loretta I know that . I do what I want . ronny I like it well do . loretta you will eat this bloody to feed you blood . int . ronny'' apartment - dine room - day cu of ronny 's artificial hand , hold a fork stick in a steak . with he right he be cut he steak . he switch hand and eat hungrily . Loretta watch . ronny this be good . uhh ... loretta Loretta . ronny where would johnny find you ? loretta he know my husband who die . ronny how would he die ? loretta Bus hit he . ronny fast . loretta instantaneous . ronny when you get engage ? loretta yesterday . ronny drop he knife and fork and turn away . Loretta be not surprised and do not move . ronny why ? loretta why what ? ronny I do not know . loretta ( smile ) so . five year ago you hand get cut off and you woman leave you for another man . no woman since then ? ronny no . loretta stupid . ronny when you husband get hit by the bus ? loretta Seven year ago . ronny how many man since then ? loretta just johnny . ronny stupid yourself . loretta no. unlucky . I have not be lucky . ronny I do not care about luck , you understand I ? it be not that . loretta what ? do you think you be the only one ever shed a tear ? ronny why you talk to I ? loretta you get any whiskey ? how ' bout give I a glass of whiskey ? ext . STREET near bakery - day shot of cosmo &amp ; mona in the buick the car have just come to a stop . we see cosmo &amp ; mona kiss . she exit car . cosmo glance around with a slightly guilty look and pull away . loretta and ronny at the table with a bottle of whiskey camera be close on scotch be pour into two glass . Loretta pick up she glass and swallow a healthy dose . ronny she be right to leave I . loretta you think so ? ronny yes . loretta you really be stupid , you know that . Loretta pour herself another shot . ronny you do not know nothing about it . loretta I be raise that a girl get marry young . I do not get marry until I be twenty - eight . I meet a man . I love he . I marry he . he want to have a baby right away . I say no . then he get hit by a bus . no man . no baby . no nothing ! I do not know that man be a gift I could not keep . I do not know ... you tell I a story and you think you know what it mean , but I see what the true story be , and you can not . ( she pour they both another drink ) she do not leave you ! you can not see what you be . I can see everything . you be a wolf ! ronny I be a wolf ? loretta the big part of you have no word and it 's - a wolf . this woman be a trap for you . she catch you and you could not get away . ( she grab he wooden hand ) so you chew off you foot ! that be the price you have to pay to be free . ( throw he hand down ) johnny have nothing to do with it . you do what you have to do , between you and you , and I know I be right , I do not care what you say . and now you be afraid because you find out the big part of you be a wolf that have the courage to bite off its own hand to save itself from the trap of the wrong love . that 's why there have be no woman since that wrong woman . you be scared to death what the wolf will do if you make that mistake again ! ronny what be you do ! loretta I be tell you you life ! ronny stop it ! loretta no ! ronny why be you marrying johnny ? he 's a fool ! loretta because I have no luck ! ronny ( pound on the table ) he make I look the wrong way and I cut off my hand . he could make you look the wrong way and you could cut off you whole head ! loretta I be look where I should to become a bride ! ronny a bride without a head ! loretta a wolf without a foot ! ronny stiff - arm everything off the dining table and grab Loretta . they kiss passionately . he pull she up on the table and over the table to he . they be in each other 's arm . they be on fire . Loretta push he away , gasp for air . loretta wait a minute ! wait a minute ! she change she mind and lunge into another kiss . they stop again after a long moment . they really have not breathe . they both suck in air and look at each other in wonder and fear and passion . ronny it 's like I be fall ! it 's like I be in the ocean ! they kiss again . when they pull apart again , Loretta be cry . loretta I have no luck ! he pick she up in he arm . ronny Son of a bitch ! loretta where be you take I ? ronny to the bed . loretta oh. oh God . I do not care about anything . I do not care about anything ! take I to the bed . he carry she away , into the bedroom . music : " o soave fanciulla " , from " La boheme . " the music continue through the next scene . int . ronny'' apartment - bedroom ronny be lay she down in the bed . he be over she . they look into each other 's eye . ronny I can not believe what be happen . loretta I neither . ronny I be dead . loretta I be dead , too . they kiss . when they part there be a drop of blood on Loretta 's lip . ronny you blood . loretta all my life I have never reach a man . I know that I would reach my husband , but I take my time and he be dead . ronny . ronny Loretta . loretta I want to cut you open and crawl inside of you . I want you to swallow I . ronny I have get you . loretta get all of I . take everything . ronny what about johnny ? loretta you be mad at he , take it out on I , take you revenge on I ! take everything , leave nothing for he to marry ! hollow I out so there 's nothing leave but the skin over my bone . suck I dry ! ronny alright . alright . there will be nothing leave . they eye be boil with fierce animal tear . they have open they soul to each other and they be come together . the music swell to a terrible triumph . ext . the castorini house - night Dog whine over exterior . int . the castorini house - a upstair bedroom - night with five bed for dog . four of the bed be empty and on the fifth juda be whining . he look around at the other bed . where be everybody ? he go out the bedroom door . the castorini staircase - night juda be run down the stair and into the hall . we follow he down the hall . the hall be only dimly light . he find the four other dog . they be crowded at a narrow doorway . from the doorway come a golden light . int . the castorini house - dine room - night the pleased face of cosmo through a veil of steam the camera pull back . we be in the castorini dining room . cosmo sit at the head of the table , a napkin tuck into he shirt . Rose have just laid down a massive platter of steaming baked fish . already on the table be a platter of pasta , loaf of bread , a big bowl of salad , two bottle of wine , and a appetizer plate of salami and pimento . seat at the table be cosmo , the Old man , and raymond and rita cappomaggi . Raymond be rotund , moon - face , bald , somewhere in he fifty . he have a pencil-thin mustache over he small mouth . his wife , rita , look very like he , except she have hair on she head and none on she lip . Raymond be Rose 's brother . there be two empty place at table , for Rose and Loretta . cosmo where 's Loretta ? we be gonna start without she . one of the entrance way to the dine room there be a accordion gate across it . behind the gate , the five dog stare at the people have dinner . rose's voice she must be eat out . raymond' voice she do not know what she 's miss . rose's voice it 's not like she not to call . rita's voice well , she 's get a lot on she mind . the dine table - rita be loading up her plate rita I mean , can we talk about it , Rose ? everybody 's hear . she 's get marry again . cosmo I do not wanna talk about it . raymond johnny cammareri . I think it 's great and about time . what 's she gonna do with the rest of she life she do not get marry ? cosmo I do not wanna talk about it . the Old man have pile he plate high with food . now he stand up , walk over to the dog , and put the plate down in they midst . the dog attack the food and each other . the Old man walk back to the table and sit down . he look down at the empty place in front of he , a little sad . cosmo my father need a plate . Rose get another plate from a sideboard and put it in front of the Old man . he immediately , methodically begin to fill he new plate . Rose go to she place and sit down . raymond cosmo . many year ago , when they tell I you be marrying my sister , I be happy . when I tell Rose I be marrying rita , she be happy . rita Marriage be happy news . the Old man laugh uproariously , subside , go back to fill he plate . cosmo Rose , pass the wine . raymond I never see anybody so in love like cosmo back then ! he would stand outside the house all day and look in the window . I never tell you this cause it 's not really a story . but one time I wake up in the middle of the night cause this bright light be in my face . like a flashlight . I could not think a what it be . I look out the window , and it be the moon ! Big as a house ! I never see the moon so big before or since . I be almost scared , like it be gonna crush the house . and I look down , and stand there in the street be cosmo , look up at the window . this be the funny part . I get mad at you , cosmo ! I think you bring this big moon over to my house cause you be so in love and wake I up with it . I be half asleep I guess and do not know no better . cosmo you be altogether asleep . you be dream . raymond no . you be there . Raymond stare at cosmo , nodd , remember . there 's a lull at the table , the SOUND of silverware . cosmo I do not wanna talk about it . rose ( suddenly angry ) well , what do you wanna talk about ! cosmo rita . pass the wine . rose why you drink so much ? the Old man get up with he newly fill plate and head for the dog . rose Old man , if you give another piece of my food to that dog , I be gonna kick you till you be dead ! the Old man reverse direction and head back to he chair . he sit down and start to eat . ext . the castorini house - night over the house be a great big full moon . int . the castorini house - master bedroom - night the light in the bedroom be still on . cosmo be in bed , in he pajamas , asleep . Rose come in she nightgown . she look at cosmo . he 's snore lightly . rose cosmo ? he do not stir . she go to he and run she hand through he hair . rose you drank too much and now you sleep too hard , and later you will be up when you should be down . she kiss he cheek . then she turn out the light . when the electric light go out , moonlight flood the room . she go to the window and look out through the curtain at the moon . Rose put she face in she hand and quietly cry . ext . rose's Pov shot of moon from castorini house - night resume int . castorini house - master bedroom - night ( Rose cry . int . ronny'' apartment - bedroom - night the bedroom be flood by moonlight . Loretta wake up , a little alarmed . loretta what 's that ? ronny wake up , a little alarmed . ronny what ? loretta that light . ronny I do not know . I think it 's the moon . Loretta go to the window wrap in a white sheet from the bed . the window be glow with moonlight . the moonlight strike she , and she be catch in its spell . loretta oh . ronny appear behind she , pull on a robe . they speak in low voice , as if they be in church . ronny it 's so bright . loretta I have never see a moon like that . ronny it make you look like a angel . she turn and look at he . they kiss . they break apart . ronny look up at the moon . ronny yeah . look like a big snowball . ext . the cappomaggi house night shot of the house with the moon overhead . int . raymond and rita cappomaggi's bedroom - night there be a big window right by the bed , and in the window be the moon . Raymond and rita be in they bed , asleep . Raymond wake up , and see the moon in the window . he 's stunne and excited , but he too speak in this low voice of respect . raymond rita . rita . rita ( waking up ) what ? what ? raymond look . rita oh. raymond it 's cosmo 's moon . rita what be you talk about , Raymond ? cosmo can not own the moon . raymond I mean it 's that moon I be talk about at dinner . ( look through the window , down into the street ) be he down there ? no . rita be who down there ? raymond cosmo . rita what would he be do down there ? raymond I do not know . rita you know , in this light , and with that expression on you face , you look about twenty - five year old . Raymond smile at she meekly . ext . the castorini house - night over the house be still the great big full moon . the front door open and out come the Old man with the five dog . the Old man be in a greatcoat and a feel hat , and he 's smoking a cigar . he stop on the top step and let go a huge plume of cigar smoke . then he start off with the dog down the street . ext .. east river - night the moon and nothing else . then a cigar be throw into it and send it shimmer . it be the moon reflect in water . now the camera pull back and we see the Old man and the five dog be stand on a ruin pier . the moon gleam up from the Hudson River . the Old man speak to the dog . old man alright now . howl . howl . the dog do not howl . so the Old man , by way of demonstration , howl at the moon . he look to the dog to follow suit . they do nothing . he howl at the moon again . the dog do nothing . the camera continue to pull back until we can see the whole pier , with the Old man and the dog on it , and the moon above they . the Old man , frustrated now , cry out . old man how long must I wait ? quanto tempo devo aspettare ! the dog start to howl . the Old man , pleased as the mad hatter he be , laugh and laugh . ext . east river - day Transition from moon reflect in the water to dawn . int . ronnie' apartment - bedroom - day Morning sun flood the room . Close on Loretta , she wake up . loretta oh my God . ronny what ? Loretta jump from bed , grab she clothes to cover herself , and back into closet . loretta what ? what have we do ? ronny ( perturb ) take it easy . loretta ( from closet as she hurriedly get dress ) this time I be try to do everything right . ronny ( he grab a bathrobe , pull it on , put it on and move towards the closet . ) do not just become excited . loretta I think if I stay away from the City Hall , I will not have that bad luck I have again . ronny you be try to make I feel guilty . loretta I be marrying you brother ! ronny all right , I be guilty . I confess ! loretta you be invite to the wedding ! it 's in a few week . why do not you do like he and be with you die mother in palermo ? ronny she do not like I . loretta you do not get along with anybody ! ronny what do you do ? loretta what do I do ? ronny you ruin my life . loretta that 's impossible ! it be ruint when I get here ! you ruint my life ! ronny oh no I do not ! Loretta emerge from the closet , tucking in she blouse . loretta oh yes , oh yes you do ! you have get that bad eye like a gypsy ! why do not I see it yesterday ! bad luck ! be that all I be ever gonna have ? why do not I just pick up a stone and kill myself year and year ago ? I be gonna marry he ! ronny what ? loretta last night never happen , you hear I ? I be gonna marry he anyway and last night never happen , and you and I be gonna take this to we coffin ! ronny I can not do that ! loretta why not ? ronny I be in love with you ! Loretta stare at he in alarm , slap he face , then study he face to see the effect of the slap . she be dissatisfied and slap he again . loretta snap out of it ! ronny I can not ! loretta alright . then I must never see you again . the bad blood will have to stay there between you and johnny for all time . you will not come to the wedding . ronny I will come to the wedding . loretta I be tell you you can not . ronny but he want I to come ! loretta but that 's cause he do not know ! ronny alright . I will not come . provide one thing . loretta what ? ronny that you come with I tonight . once . to the Opera . loretta what be you talk about ? ronny I love two thing . I love you , and I love the Opera . if I can have the two thing that I love together for one night , I will be satisfied to give up the rest of my life . loretta alright . ronny alright . meet I at the met. loretta alright . where 's the met ? catholic church in little italy - day camera move from stain glass window to confessional . Loretta be next in line of three sinners wait to go into the confessional . a forgiven woman emerge from the curtain booth and walk off to pay she penance . Loretta go into the booth . int . church - confessional - day Loretta kneel . the slide open and a old priest face can be see in outline through the screen . loretta bless I , Father , for I have sin . it 's be two month since my last confession . priest what sin have you to confess ? loretta twice I take the name of God in vain , once I sleep with the brother of my fiancé , and once I bounce a check at the liquor store -- but that be really a accident . priest then it be not a sin . but what be that second thing you say , Loretta ? loretta I ... a... sleep with my fiancé 's brother . priest that 's a pretty big sin . loretta I know . priest you should think about this . loretta I know . priest alright . this be you penance . say two rosary and ... be careful , Loretta . reflect on you life . loretta alright . priest I absolve you in the name of the Father , and of the Son , and of the Holy Spirit , amen . int . church - day Loretta come out of the confessional and enter a pew . she cross herself . then she recognize the back of a woman 's head a few pews down . she get up , walk down the aisle , and kneel down next to she mother , Rose . loretta hi. rose ( look up from she prayer ) where you be ? loretta I do not wanna talk about it . rose just like you father . I lie to he . he think you come home last night . loretta thanks . what 's the matter with you ? rose cosmo 's cheating on I . loretta what ! how do you know ? rose a wife know . loretta then you do not know . you be just imagine it . he 's too old . Rose start to reply , but then decide it 's not worth the argument . loretta I will not be home for dinner . Loretta cross herself quickly , get up , and leave . Rose look after , and then go back to she prayer . int . cammareri's bakery - day feminine hand apply the final decorative touch of blue icing to a wedding cake . then the hand set the plastic bride and groom on the pinnacle . the camera pull back . Barbara be view she handiwork , a wedding cake on a stainless steel wheeled cart . she 's in the back part of the bakery . Barbara be pleased with she creation . we TRAVEL with her as she roll the cart out to the front of the store where chrissy be wait on a huge man name harvey . she hand he a tiny box , which he take meekly . harvey see you tomorrow , chrissy . chrissy okay , harvey . harvey lumber off as Barbara enter the front of the store with the cake on its cart . Barbara call chrissy 's attention to the cake . barbara so what do you think ? chrissy about what ? barbara the cake ! chrissy ( without enthusiasm ) where 's ronny ? how come he be not come down ? barbara how should I know ? the phone ring . chrissy answer it . chrissy hello , cammareri 's ? hi. uh-huh . okay . she hang up . chrissy that be ronny . he do not feel good . he be not gonna be down today . chrissy come out from behind the counter . she 's stare at the cake . barbara what , be he still upset ? without warning , chrissy whacks the little bride and groom off the cake and on to the floor . chrissy it 's that bitch ! Barbara look at she , shocked . ext . cappomaggi's italian provision - day a italian specialty store in Little Italy . int . cappomaggi be store - day provolone and salamis hang from above . to the one side be a deli counter , to the other a series of table display cheese by the pound , package cake , etc . in the back be a few table and a kitchen with counter . up front , behind the deli counter , stand rita cappomaggi in a blue apron . out by the table , Raymond unpack some jar of olive . in the back , a truck driver can dimly be see eat he lunch . raymond ( to rita ) I feel great I get no sleep but I feel like Orlando furioso ! rita ( look around cautiously , then speak ) you be a tiger last night . raymond and you be a lamb . as soft as milk . rita shut up . they will hear you in the back . raymond so what ? the pleasure of marriage be you sleep with the woman and then you do not worry about nothing . hey , how about a date tonight , rita . let 's eat pasta and roll around . rita ( scandalize ) Raymond , Raymond , lower you voice ! what 's get into you ? raymond I do not know ! that moon ! that crazy moon cosmo send over ! Loretta walk in . loretta hi. raymond hey there ( sing ) ... you with the star in you eye ... loretta ( to rita ) what 's the matter with he ? rita you get I . raymond you see that moon last night ? loretta ( suspicious and guilty ) what about the moon ? raymond do you see it ? loretta ( she lie , nervous ) no. raymond oh. loretta listen , I gotta go . I will take the deposit to the bank but I will do the book tomorrow . I gotta go . raymond you gotta date ? rita what be you talk about , you fool ? her fiancé 's in palermo . raymond oh. right . loretta I get thing to do . rita sure you do . you get all that wedding stuff . loretta right . raymond well , that 's romantic , too . ( sing ) ... isn't it romantic ... he be walk towards the back now . he shout to somebody in the kitchen . raymond hey . make I a bowl of minestrone . the woman be leave alone . rita what 's the matter ? you look crazy . loretta I get a lot on my mind , aunt rita . int . a church basement it 's be set up for a church bazaar . there be several wheel of fortune , many stuff animal , coffee urn , cake , a game of ring toss , etc . as the camera inventory the content of the various stand -- a little nun sleep in one of they -- we hear the Old man 's voice . old man' voice I have get a lot on my mind . thing be get bad in my house . my daughter - in- law be mad at my son because he will not pay for the wedding . a tub of apple floating in water a old , gnarled hand reach in and pull one out , dry it with a towel . the camera pull back revealing that the hand belong to Lucy , who be stand behind a table with the Old man and Felix . she hand the apple to the Old man , who drive a small wooden stake into it with a little wooden hammer . then the Old man hand this stake apple to Felix , who dip it into a deep metal pot . it emerge shine with red candy goo . then Felix set the candle apple onto a paper tray where a dozen already sit . they repeat this process . but the Old man , because he thought be elsewhere , take forever to drive the stake into the apple . this frustrate Felix . old man at dinner , my daughter - in - law threaten to kill I . thing be very bad in my house . felix hurry up . lucy do not fight . old man if I hit the stick too hard , the apple will split . if I be too timid , the apple will fall off the stick . felix we be suppose to do fifty apple . we only get twelve do . old man I do not know what to advise my son . I think he should pay for the wedding , but it be important that he do not look ridiculous . lucy do not make yourself sick . old man cosmo drank five glass of wine at dinner . lucy talk to he . old man I will . but I must find the right moment . lucy do you see the moon last night ? the Old man 's eye light up . he look at Lucy . old man yes ! felix ( in despair ) hurry up , hurry up . we open in five minute . int . cappomaggi be store - day EIGHT neat stack of money be rubberbanded by a woman 's hand . the last stack be top with a fill out deposit slip . the band stack be then stuff into a night - deposit bag . the camera pull back a bit to include a ledger . a last entry be make , and the ledger be shut . the camera pull back more , and now we see Loretta reach for she coat . she put it on , pick up the deposit bag , and see rita . loretta bye , aunt rita . rita bye , bye , honey . see you tomorrow ? loretta yeah , I will be in . Loretta go out the door , with rita look after , thoughtful . ext . the cinderella beauty shop - day Loretta walk - down the street and come to the cinderella beauty shop , fidget a moment , look around to see if anybody 's look , and go in . we see she through the window talk to mildre , who handle appointment . mild nod , point , and Loretta go back into the store . int . cinderella beauty shop - day we discover a uneasy Loretta sit in a beauty chair with bonnie , she hairdresser about to start . bonnie be a little bored . bonnie so ? you want the usual ? loretta I want you to get rid of the grey . transformational music start here and continue through the following scene . this music should convey that Loretta be turn from a frumpy pumpkin into a sleek and beautiful coach . bonnie wake up upon hearing this startling news and get very excited . bonnie I have be want to do this for three year ! let I show you some magazine ! you have get to get a manicure ! and you eyebrow ! Sheila ! I be gonna need help ! sheila , another beautician , join bonnie , and they both get very excited and start show Loretta and each other magazine . they argue merrily about what they should do , leave Loretta far behind . a manicurist join they , with she stuff and start soaking Loretta 's nail . a montage follows they be pluck she eyebrow . they be cut and die she hair . they be painting she nail . ext . cinderella beauty shop -day Loretta come out . her hair be jet black and do in a much more stylish way . she look great . she look around as if she have commit a crime , and walk off quickly ext . a dowdy dress shop - day Loretta look in the window , be dissatisfied , and walk on . ext . a bold dress shop - day a stylish dress shop call insinuation . Loretta look in the window , be intimidate , and walk on . a moment pass . she reappear . tentatively , she enter . int . insinuation - day Loretta approach a young woman , mer , who work there . mer be about thirty , trendily dress , and french . mer and Loretta greet and talk . Loretta make vague gesture try to convey what she want , but the truth be she do not know what she want . mer take the situation in hand . there follow a montage of mer show Loretta various dress , some outlandish , some beautiful , some incomprehensible . Loretta try on several of the dress in a big triple mirror . some horrify she , some frighten she because they be so sexy , one bore she . we do not see the dress that she ultimately do buy . ext . insinuation - dusk Loretta walk out with a big shopping bag . she walk away down the street . we follow Loretta away down the street . she come to a bridal shop with a big bride dummy show off in the window she stop and look at the bride . she walk close to the window and stare in hard . then she slowly back up from the bride . two nun be walk by . Loretta , back up from the dummy , bump into the nun . she 's flustered , make a brief apology , and hurry away , casting a furtive last glance at the shop window . end of music the transformational music come to a close . ext . the castorini house - dusk night be fall . Loretta appear and enter the house . int . the castorini house - the front hall - night as Loretta enter she drop she bag and , as she take off she coat , call . loretta ma! grandpa ! no? okay . a single bark be heard from the top of the stair . she look up . a wooden accordion gate seal off the top of the stair visible behind the gate be a couple of dog . int . the castorini house - kitchen - night Loretta go through a door and into the kitchen . she open the refrigerator and a cabinet , and make herself a scotch on the rock . she sip it and start to hum in a understate way . she take she drink and wander out of the kitchen . loretta walk into the live room she walk to each lamp in the room and turn it on . there be many table and stand lamp throughout the room . loretta be lighting the FIRE which be already build in the fireplace . it catch on nicely . she put she drink down and get a big stand antique mirror on roller from its place against the wall . she wheel it to a central place in the room . satisfied , she pick up she drink again , leave the room for a moment , and then return with she shopping bag . she throw it on a chair . then she go to the stereo and look through the album . she select one and put it on . music Loretta waltze around in front of the mirror , flirt with herself in a very serious way . she start to unbutton she blouse . ext . the castorini house - night the moon be overhead as music continue to play . the camera soar up close to the moon , until it completely fill the frame with its magic . the moon dissolves into : int . the castorini live room - night close - up of loretta's face as she put the final touch on she make - up . Music continue to play . the camera pull back . we see she full figure . she have change into she evening dress and put on she heel . she 's sway to the music . the evening dress be sensational . she lean forward and kiss the mirror . we see the lipstick kiss on the mirror in the mirror , all around the kiss , be reflect the fire . ext . east river night the moon be reflect in the water as we see the dock of the night before . we can see Jersey light up across the river . but then something start to replace Jersey . it 's a huge white liner come down the river now , all of she light burn , head back out to sea . flashbulb go off along the deck . we watch the length of the great ship pass as the music plays end of music ext . lincoln CENTER plaza - night lincoln CENTER - loretta's Pov crowd of people in beautiful clothes fill the plaza create by the three great building . a glorious fountain fill with light form the centerpiece . behind the fountain , grand and splendidly light , be the magical Metropolitan Opera House . two huge chagall , one to the right and one to the leave , inhabit the face of the building , fill it with marvelous color . loretta come to the fountain the fountain be quiet and dark now . Loretta be puzzle . she remember that it be go . while she look , it light up . then small jet of water begin to appear . then larger jet . then with a roar the central shaft of water rise high , higher into the night sky . she follow the column of water with she eye up into the sky . right above the crest of the water , like a beanball on a seal 's nose , be the moon . from over loretta's shoulder we see the rushing water form a opaque wall before she . then the fountain , for its next piece of aquatic choreography , drop away to nothing quite suddenly . and there , face Loretta , on the opposite side of the fountain , be ronny . he 's look incredibly handsome and dash in a tuxedo and topcoat and , of course , glove . he smile slightly and raise a hand in greeting . Loretta , catch off guard , smile brilliantly at he . then she remember she situation and start to put on she usual serious expression . but the fountain have rush up into the sky again , obscure she attempt at composure from , ronny . ronny come into view again , walk toward Loretta around the fountain 's perimeter . he come close to she . ronny hi. loretta hi. ronny you look beautiful . you hair ... loretta I think I would try it . ( qrudgingly ) you look good . ronny thank you . he go to kiss she . she take a step back . loretta I say I would go to the opera with you . nothing else . ronny immediately relent , gently take she arm , and they walk off in the direction of the opera house . one of the chagall' from immediately in front of the met ronny and Loretta look up at it . loretta who paint that ? ronny Marc chagall . a Russian . loretta kinda gaudy . ronny he be have some fun . yeah , well he 's dead . ( he smile ) come on , let 's go in . ronny and Loretta join the crowd stream into the building . int . the opera house - night ronny and Loretta enter , give ticket to usher . int . opera house - coatcheck - night ronny and Loretta check they coat . ronny 's coat be already off , and he 's help Loretta off with hers . he hand she coat to the checker and pocket the check . then he turn and see Loretta in she dress for the first time . he 's stunne by she beauty . he 's at a loss . he mumble . ronny thank you ! loretta for what ? ronny I do not know . for you hair . for you beautiful dress . for ... you know , I feel like a man again . you know I love the Opera . you know it 's be a long time since I have be to the Opera . his eye be bright with tear . Loretta be touch and start to put she hand out to he . but she stop herself . loretta so . where be we sit ? ronny come on . he take she arm . they pass under the great chandelier and go into the house . the opera house - night the camera pick out a series of couple the first couple be peggy and clive , a very distinguished pair of silver - haire lover dress magnificently . they be in they seat , delighted to be where they be , hold hand . next be the celebrity couple . maybe Jackie o and she son , John . they be seat and people be look at they . next be cosmo and mona . cosmo be help mona to sit down , something she could probably handle herself . he 's wear good but old - fashioned suit . she be in a dress that make she look like a big piece of hard candy . next be ronny and Loretta . they be sit in the first row of the first Circle ; in other word , very good seat . they be hold they program . Loretta open she program . the OPEN program - loretta's Pov the opera be LA boheme . but then the page fade away into the dark as the house light go down . we see ronny and loretta from behind ronny lean he head toward she and whisper . ronny here we go . as the light come up in the orchestra pit . the conductor take he place . the audience applaud . he bow and turn to the orchestra . the overture begin and plays under next . ext . the grand ticino - night the overture plays through this establishing shot and then fade away at the start of the next shot . we see Rose enter the restaurant . int . the grand ticino - night the dinner crowd be in and most of the table be occupy . the entranceway door open and Rose enter . she 's get herself up very nice . the host , jimmy , quickly approach she . she 's very dignify . jimmy hello , Mrs. castorini . who 's come ? rose it 's just I . I want to eat . jimmy okay . jimmy I get a table for you right now . Jimmy lead she to a table for two against the wall . jimmy this alright ? rose Fine . he seat she . jimmy enjoy you meal . Jimmy breeze off . there 's another table - for-two against the wall to Rose 's front . we see a woman 's back from Rose 's Pov , and a pretty head of hair . this woman , whose name be sheila , be have a argument with the man across from she . but the man 's face be block by Sheila 's back and head , and the argument be too low to be make out . bobo approach Rose 's table . bobo good evening Mrs. castorini . you eat alone tonight ? rose hello , bobo . yes . let I have a martini , no ice and two olive . bobo very good . bobo head off for the bar . the couple at the next table catch Rose 's attention again , and they argument become a little louder . sheila' voice I be try to explain to you how I feel . every time I try to explain how I feel , you explain how you feel . I do not think that 's really much of a response . unseen man' voice well , its the only response I have get . bobo reappear with the martini and serve it . bobo you wanna see a menu ? rose not yet . I will wave . bobo be go . Rose be mildly intrigue with the argument at the next table now . she try to see past Sheila , to see the man , but she can not without make too big a move . the argument go on . sheila' voice I really do hate it though , when you take that tone with I . like you be above it all and be not it amusing . man' voice but it be , be not it ? sheila' voice not to I ! this be my life , no matter how damned comical it may seem to you . I do not need some man stand above the struggle while I roll around in the mud ! man' voice I think you like the mud and I do not . that 's fair , be not it ? if I do not care to ... Sheila stand up abruptly and fling a glass of water in the man 's face . she pull she coat off the back of she chair and stalk off . this whole operation take about two second . when she stalk off , the face of the man become visible to Rose for the first time . it 's perry , the professor in he 50' , who appear and be treat in a similar way in the earlier scene in this restaurant . his face be cover with bead of water . he pat he face with he napkin and apologize to customer at neighbor table . perry sorry about that , folk . she 's a very pretty mental patient . the shy waiter arrive to assist perry in drying himself . perry do not mind about I . but could you do I a favor and clear she place and take away all evidence of she , and bring I a big glass of vodka ? shy waiter absolutely ! the shy waiter head for the bar . for the first time , perry notice Rose . they be face each other with no obstacle in the way now . perry I be sorry if we disturb you . rose I be not disturb . by you . perry my lady friend have a personality disorder . rose she be just too young for you . the shy waiter serve perry he drink . perry ( to the waiter ) thanks , comrade . shy waiter it 's nothing ! the shy waiter go . perry ( Rose 's comment strike home ) ouch . too young ! I just get that . you know how to hurt guy . how old be you ? rose none of you business . he drop he posture . perry sorry . that be rude . rose will you join I for dinner ? perry be you sure ? she nod . perry then I would be delighted . I hate eat alone , and it 's amazing how often I end up do just that . rose and perry be halfway through there dinner rose what do you do ? perry I be a professor . I teach communication at n.y.u. rose that woman be a student of yours ? perry Sheila ? yes she be . is. be . rose there 's old say my mother tell I . would you like to hear it ? perry yes . rose do not shit where you eat . perry ( take aback , then recover ) I will remember that . what do you do ? rose I be a housewife . perry then why be you eat alone ? rose I be not eat alone . can I ask you a question ? perry go ahead . rose why do man chase woman ? perry ( consider ) nerves . rose I think it 's because they fear death . perry maybe . listen . you wanna know why I chase woman ? I find woman charming . perry I teach this class I have teach for a million year . the spontaneity go out of it for I a long time ago . I start off , I be excited about something and I want to share it . now it 's rote , it 's the multiplication table . except sometimes . sometimes I be dron along and I look up , and there 's this fresh young beautiful face , and it 's all new to she and I be this great guy who 's just brilliant and think out loud . and when that happen , when I look out among that chair and look at a young woman 's face , and see I there in she eye , I the way I always want to be and maybe once be , then I ask she out on a date . it do not last . it can go for a few week or a couple of precious month , but then she catch on that I be just a burnt out old gasbag and that she 's as fresh and bright and full of promise as moonlight in a martini . and at that moment , she stand up and throw a glass of water in my face , or some action to that effect . rose what you do not know about woman be a lot . int . the opera house - lobby -night intermission . throng of people talk , talk , talk . pile up at the bar to get drink . int . opera house - lobby / women' bathroom - night outside the woman 's bathroom , with its huge line wait to get in . int . of the woman' bathroom Loretta and three other women freshen they makeup before a mirror . the woman next to Loretta leave and be replace by mona . mona and Loretta stand side by side freshen they makeup . int . of the opera house - lobby - night many people press to the bar to buy drink . cosmo and ronny achieve the bar 's perimeter at the same moment , and start to order . int . opera house - lobby - night a concessionaire sell special glossy LA boheme program . elsewhere in the lobby during intermission ronny and Loretta be stand by a column hold drink . Loretta be look around . loretta they get some turnout for this stuff . ronny it 's the best thing there be . loretta I like part of it , but I do not really get it . in another part of the lobby during intermission cosmo and mona be sit on a bench . mona you have not once say you like my dress . cosmo I like you dress . ( he think ) it 's very bright . he look around . mona why you look around so much ? cosmo I do not know . I get a feel . mona I be wear you bracelet . he nod , still look around . chime SOUND throughout lobby indicating the end of intermission . the audience start to file back into the theatre . ext . the grand ticino - night Rose and perry emerge from the restaurant . perry May I walk with you a way ? rose sure . they set off to the leave . ext . the castorini house - night the door open , and the Old man come out , in he great coat and hat , with the five dog . he strike off to the right . ext . STREET I - night Rose and perry come around a corner and pass a store . they pause and look at the Christmas decoration in the window . they continue walk . ext . STREET ii - night the Old man and the dog have stop by a big tree . which the dog adore . ext . STREET I - night Rose and perry walk . they exit camera leave . ext . STREET ii - night the Old man drag the dog away from the tree and set off camera right . ext . STREET I - night Rose and perry walk to the leave . ext . STREET ii - night the Old man and the dog walk to the right . ext . STREET I - intersection outside laundromat - night Rose and perry be walk towards camera . Rose stop short , stunne and alarmed by what she see before they . ext . STREET ii - intersection outside of laundromat - night the Old man pull up the dog . aghast by what he see before he . ext . STREET III - intersection outside laundromat perry and Rose face the Old man and the dog . in a silent standoff . perry be puzzle , but have the sense to say nothing . after a long moment , the Old man silently steer he dog past they . he walk away down the dark street , silently disappear into the gloom . perry and Rose never move , but follow he slow progress until he disappear . perry you know that man ? rose yes . int . opera house - night the stage - the opera be in progress it 's the scene in which mimi be stand in the fall snow . she sing to rudolph . it be a beautiful , poignant moment . the snow be fall , fall . mimi be singing she heartbreaking aria of farewell . the light tavern window be behind they , glow with a golden light . we see ronny'' face he 's stare intently at the stage with shine eye . he want to share this moment with Loretta , but he be timid she will not feel as he do . we see loretta's face a single tear trail down she cheek . otherwise , she be almost succeed in hide that the opera be move she . she notice ronny 's hand creep towards hers , but make no move towards it . the stage - mimi still singing sadly in the snowfall she and rudolph join hand . ronny and loretta grab each other 's hand fiercely . at last , they look at each other . she be admit that she be affect by the opera . he be grateful that she admit it . int . opera house - audience '' night audience exit . int . opera house - lobby - night the lobby overflow with the audience come out . int . opera house - coatcheck - night ronny and Loretta at the coatcheck . Loretta dab she eye and blow she nose . loretta that be just so ... awful ! ronny awful ? loretta beautiful . sad . she die ! ronny ( give the check to the checker ) yeah . loretta I could not believe it ! I do not think she be go to die . I know she be sick ... ronny get the coat and help she on with hers . ronny she have TB . ronny be put on he coat . loretta I know . she be cough she brain out . and still , she have to sing all the time ... Loretta have stop suddenly , transfix by the sight before she . Loretta and ronny be stand face - to- face with cosmo and mona . mona 's wear a coat like a wrapper for hard candy . cosmo be wear he coat and have he hat in he hand . stun at see Loretta , he unconsciously put he hat on . then he think about it and take it off again . he look at ronny . then he look at mona . loretta pop ? ronny look at Loretta . he wait to follow she lead . cosmo wait for I by the door , mona . mona obey after look curiously at Loretta . loretta pop ? what be you do here ? cosmo approach ronny . cosmo Excuse I . he take Loretta 's arm and steer she a distance away for a confidential exchange . loretta mona ? cosmo what would you do to you hair ? loretta I get it do . cosmo what be you do here ? loretta what be you do here ? cosmo who be this man ? you be engage ! loretta you be marry . cosmo you be my daughter . I will not have you act like a tramp ! loretta you be my father . cosmo alright . I do not see you here . loretta I do not know whether I see you or not . cosmo put on he hat again . he glare at ronny . he look at Loretta , but he 's at a total loss . at last , he stalk off . Loretta look after he , angry and disturb . cosmo and mona go out the door from loretta's Pov loretta looking after they , stricken ronny appear at she side , solicitous . ronny let 's get outta here . I will buy you a drink . Loretta , still look after , slowly shake she head . loretta that be not my mother . ext . castorini house - night Rose and perry stand on a sidewalk under a street light dimly shine . about half a block away stand the castorini house . they regard it . over the house hang the moon , cut through now with a sharp grey cloud . Rose and perry 's voice can be hear . rose's voice that 's my house . perry' voice you mean the whole house ? rose's voice yes . perry' voice my God , it 's a mansion ! rose's voice it 's a house . perry' voice I live in a one - bedroom apartment . what exactly do you husband do ? rose's voice he 's a plumber . perry' voice well . that explain it . the SOUND of the wind can be hear rise up . now we see rose and perry close up the rise cold wind stir they hair . they both shiver slightly . perry temperature 's drop . rose yes . perry I guess you can not invite I in ? rose no . perry people home . rose no . I think the house be empty . I can not invite you in because I be marry and because I know who I be . you be shaking . perry I be a little cold . rose you be a little boy and you like to be bad . perry we could go to my apartment . you could see how the other half life . rose I be too old for you . perry I be too old for I . that 's my predicament . rose good night . she kiss he on the cheek . perry good night . can I kiss you on the cheek , too ? rose sure . he kiss she on the cheek . perry I be freezing rose good night . she walk away , towards the house . perry , shiver , look after . int . the boerum cafe - a brooklyn bar - night ronny and Loretta sit at the bar . they be just finish a couple of Old -fashion . the barman , al , inspect they drink . al another Old -fashion ? ronny Loretta ? loretta no thanks . ronny ( to Al ) I think that 's it . Al nod and walk off . ronny lean forward to Loretta . ronny what do you want to do now ? loretta I wanna go home . ext . a cold and empty manhattan STREET - night ronny and Loretta be walk . they breath be come out in long plume . loretta it 's really cold . ronny yeah . it smell like snow . they walk in silence for a moment , then Loretta speak . loretta my mother guess that my father be see somebody and I tell she she be crazy . she look like a real piece of cheap goods . but who be I to talk ? her eye be full of tear . ronny what 's the matter ? loretta how can you ask I that ? ronny you be make I feel guilty again . loretta you be guilty . I be guilty . ronny of what ? only God can point the finger , Loretta . loretta I know what I know . ronny and what do you know ? you tell I my life ? I will tell you yours . I be a wolf ? you run to the wolf in I , that do not make you no lamb ! you be gonna marry my brother ? why you wanna sell you life short ? play it safe be just about the most dangerous thing a woman like you could do . you wait for the right man the first time , why do not you wait for the right man again ? loretta he do not come ! ronny I be here ! loretta you be late ! ronny we be here . ext . ronny'' apartment build - night she look . it 's ronny 's building . loretta this be you place . ronny that 's right . loretta this be where we be go ! ronny yeah . loretta the deal be if I come to the Opera with you you would leave I alone forever . she look for he response . he make none . loretta I go with you . ( pause , nothing ) now I be gonna marry johnny and you be gonna leave I alone . ( pause , nothing ) right ? ( nothing ) a person can see where they have mess up in they life , and they can change how they do thing , and they can change they luck . maybe my nature do draw I to you , but I do not haveta go with that . I can take hold of myself and say yes to some thing and no to something that 's just gonna ruin everything ! I can do that . otherwise , what be this stupid life that God give we for what ? ( pause , nothing ) ronny ? be you listen to I ? ronny yeah . loretta I be really afraid . ronny why ? loretta I be afraid of who I be . ronny I be . loretta and you be not now ? he shake he head . loretta why not ? ronny I do not know . everything seem like nothing now against that I want you in my bed . I do not care if I burn in hell . I do not care if you burn in hell . the past and future be a joke to I now . I see that they be nothing , I see they be not here . the only thing that 's here be you . and I . I want you to come upstairs . now . I try to take everything last night , like you tell I , but I could not . I could not take everything in a hundred year . it 's the way we be . we compound each other . loretta let I go home . ronny no. loretta let I go home . ronny no. loretta I be freezing to death . ronny come upstairs . I do not care why you come . no , that 's not what I mean . Loretta , I love you . not like they tell you love be and I do not know this either . but love do not make thing nice , it ruin everything , it break you heart , it make thing a mess . we be not here to make thing perfect . snowflake be perfect . the star be perfect . not we . we be here to ruin ourselves and break we heart and love the wrong people and die ! the storybook be bullshit . come upstairs with I , baby ! do not try to live you life out to somebody else 's idea of sweet happiness . do not try to live on milk and cookie when what you want be meat ! Red meat just like I ! it 's wolf run with wolf and nothing else ! you be a wolf just like I ! come upstairs with I and get in my bed ! come on ! come on ! come on ! Loretta follow ronny into he building . now we see the STREET just as the door shut . a moment pass . light go on in ronny 's apartment . out of a doorway on the opposite side of the street step the figure of a woman . she walk to the middle of the desert street and look up at the light window . now we see the woman close up -- it's chrissy from the bakery her heart be about to break . she love this man . she look up at the light window , she feeling hang by one slender , slender thread . music it 's " mimi be aria " - from the snow scene in LA boheme . we see the STREET with the figure looking at the light window above . " mimi be aria " plays . this tableau remind we of the scene in the opera where mimi stand in the snow . the music plays and the woman sing for a long moment . then , the light in the apartment go out . chrissy shudder almost imperceptibly . her heart have break . she hang she head . then she lift she head and slowly walk away down the street . ext . kennedy INTERNATIONAL airport - runway - night with a great and abrupt roar , a big jet be landing . int . kennedy INTERNATIONAL airport - terminal - night passengers be pour into the terminal from the plane . most of they be italian or italian - Americans . suddenly , Mr. johnny appear out of the shifting crowd , up very close to the camera . he look alert , determine , gear up for action . mr. johnny at the luggage carousel he pull he two suitcase off the carousel with one quick powerful jerk . ext . kennedy INTERNATIONAL airport - terminal - night Mr. johnny stick out he hand and a cab immediately rush to he . int . of the cab Mr. johnny lean forward to the driver and say in a very definite , determine way . mr. johnny 19 cranberry Street . ext . kennedy INTERNATIONAL airport - night the cab rush off into the night . ext . castorini house - night the cab pull up to the castorini house . the live room window be all light up . VICKI carr can be make out singing " it must be he " . Mr. johnny get out of the cab , get he luggage , and head for the front door . he ring the bell . the door open . it 's Rose . music flood out around she . mr. johnny hello . I be sorry to call so late ... Rose be a little tipsy . rose move in ? mr. johnny I come right from the airport . rose come on in . she hold the door open for he and he go in past she carry he suitcase . she close the door . int . castorini house '' the front hall - night mr. johnny can you wake up Loretta ? I need to talk to she . rose she 's not home yet . take off you coat and come in the live room . I will make you a drink . I wanna talk to you . int . castorini house - live room '' night Rose come in with two scotch on the rock . he take one . mr. johnny thank you . she turn off the stereo , and then sit down across from he . rose so. mr. johnny where be she ? rose out . I do not know where . I be wait up for my husband . mr. johnny it 's late . rose yes . there 's a pause . Mr. johnny be uncomfortable with it . mr. johnny maybe I should go ? rose what be you do here ? you be suppose to be in palermo . mr. johnny that 's what I come to tell Loretta . there 's be a miracle . rose a miracle . well , that 's news . mr. johnny my mother 's recover . rose you be kid ? mr. johnny the breath have almost totally leave she body . she be as white as snow . and then she completely pull back from death and stand up and put on she clothes and begin to cook for everyone in the house . the mourner . and I . and herself ! she eat a meal that would choke a pig ! rose that 's incredible . mr. johnny yes . the front door can be heard slamming , out of view , and then dog can be heard barking . Mr. johnny and Rose look to the entranceway . the Old man appear there , hold the five dog . rose hello pop. the Old man look at Rose . he be a specter . he stare , and then he make a long low accuse noise . then he disappear . mr. johnny who be that ? rose that be my father - in - law , who have a wrong idea in he head . listen , johnny , there 's a question I want to ask you . and I want you to tell I the truth if you can . why do man chase woman ? mr. johnny well . there 's the Bible story . God take a rib from Adam and make Eve . maybe man chase woman to get the rib back . when God take the rib , he leave a hole there , place where there use to be something . and the woman have that . maybe a man be not complete as a man without a woman . rose but why would a man need more than one woman ? mr. johnny I do not know . maybe because he fear death . Rose leap up , very excited . rose that 's it ! that 's the reason ! mr. johnny I do not know . rose no , that 's really it . thank you for answer my question . the front door slam again . Mr. johnny and Rose look to the entranceway . cosmo appear there . cosmo hi. ( take in Mr. johnny ) hi. mr. johnny hello , Mr. castorini . rose where you be ? cosmo I do not know , Rose . I do not know where I have be , and I do not know where I be go . ( to Mr. johnny ) you should have you eye open for you , my friend . mr. johnny I have my eye open . cosmo you do , huh ? stick around . do not go on any long trip . mr. johnny I do not know what you mean . cosmo I know you do not . that 's the point . I will say no more . mr. johnny you have not say anything . cosmo and that 's how much I be say . rose cosmo ? cosmo what ? rose I just want you to know . no matter what you do . you be go to die , just like everybody else . cosmo thank you , Rose . rose you be welcome . cosmo I be go to bed now . Mr. johnny stand up . cosmo walk off , out of view . mr. johnny I be go . cosmo' voice ( from top of stair ) good ! rose ( to Mr. johnny ) he do not like you . thank you for answer my question . mr. johnny you do not know where Loretta be ? rose no idea . mr. johnny then tell she I will come by in the morning . we need to talk . rose okay , I will tell she . ext . the castorini house - dawn we watch the effect of the sun come up on the house . it begin in darkness , and go through the many graduation of light very quickly until it 's light by the light of bright morning . the front door open and the old man and the dog come out he 's get they on they leash and , over he head , he carry the black umbrella . he walk off toward the park and disappear . ext . STREET - day - loretta be walking along a sidewalk a couple of block away . she be a wreck . she 's still in she clothes of the night before . she have not sleep . her hair 's a bit funny . and she 's torment by the complication in she life . and , at the same time , she look great . she look like she 's be love up and down . she have a hickey on she neck . her eye be dreamy and she walk be slow , utterly careless , and sexual . she 's carry , crunch in she hand , she program from La boheme . she start singing . we follow she as she sing and walk . we watch loretta walking from the back now she 's still mutter . she come to a tin can . she kick lot . she come to it again . she kick it again . ext . the castorini house - day Loretta appear kick she can . she abandon the can and enter the house . int . the castorini house - kitchen - day Rose be at the stove . the kitchen be fill with steam and sunlight . Rose be stir a pot fill with oatmeal . another range have the coffeepot heating . Loretta shuffles into the kitchen , go to the tin table , and sit down . there be red rose on the table . Rose see Loretta . rose what the hell happen to you ? loretta well . I do not really know where to start . rose you hair 's different . loretta everything 's different . rose be you drunk ? loretta no . be you drunk ? rose no . but I have a hangover . loretta where 's pop ? rose upstair . johnny cammareri show up last night . Loretta be suddenly electrify . loretta what ? he 's in Sicily ! rose no more he 's not . loretta he 's with he die mother ! rose she recover . loretta what !! she be die ! rose it be a miracle . loretta a miracle ? this be modern time ! there be not suppose to be miracle any more ! rose I guess it be not modern time in Sicily . he come right from the airport . he want to talk to you . you get a love bite on you neck . he 's come back this morning . with a long low moan , Loretta lower she head to the table . ext . STREET - day ronny be walk along the same stretch of sidewalk as Loretta just be . he look like hell , too . his hair be wild and he have not sleep . he 's throw on a old leather jacket and brown leather glove . he have a love bite on he neck , too . he start to sing " o soave fanciulla " . he sing it any old way , occasionally get a good attack , occasionally just mutter he way through . sing as much of it as he remember , which be a lot . we watch ronny walking from the back now he 's singing away , carelessly saunter along . he pass a italian couple of middle age . they smile as they recognize what he be sing . they start to sing along with he . they sing till they get to the ceiling of the aria , and to a rest place a little beyond . then they nod to each other appreciatively and go on they way , ronny turn he back to the camera , and they walking into it . ext . the castorini house - day ronny appear and approach the door . he knock , wait , and then ring the bell . Rose answer the door and invite he in . int . the castorini house - kitchen Rose walk in with ronny behind she . there 's no one in the kitchen . Rose call out . rose it 's not johnny . Loretta come out of a closet , where she be hide . she 's very surprised to see ronny . loretta ronny ! ronny be johnny here ? loretta he 's come . ronny good ! we can get this out on the table . ( to Rose ) I be ronny , johnny 's brother . ( shake she hand ) rose Nice to meet you . you have get a love bite on you neck . you mother 's recover from death . ronny oh. good . we be not close . I be not really move . loretta you have gotta get outta here . ronny no. I be gonna wait . loretta ( argue with ronny ) ronny , please ... rose would anyone like some oatmeal ? loretta continue argue . ronny ( ignore Loretta ) yes , I would like some oatmeal . ronny and Loretta sit down and Rose serve they oatmeal . cosmo walk in dress for business . he regards the trio , put on he hat in shock and then take it off again . rose cosmo , this be ronny , johnny 's brother . cosmo his brother . cosmo sit down . Rose put a bowl of oatmeal in front of he . he absently begin to eat it . a silence reign . then he pul down he spoon . cosmo you be johnny 's brother ? ronny yeah . cosmo pick up he spoon and they all eat silently once more . the SOUND of dog barking come up and then fade away . the old man walk in he look at the assemblage . the assemblage look at he . he point at Rose . then he point drift to cosmo and he hand open in a gesture of supplication . old man I be old . the Old be not want . and what they say have no weight . but , my son , I must speak . you should pay for the wedding of you only daughter . you be break you house through pride . there . I have say it . cosmo it 's okay , pop . if she get marry , I will pay for the whole thing . the Old man let go a great noise of relief , sit down at the table , and wait . Rose bring he a bowl of oatmeal . he be content now , and eat he oatmeal with great relish . the other eat with a more meaningful silence . Rose put down she spoon . she look at the table , but she be speak to cosmo . rose have I be a good wife ? cosmo yes . rose I want you to stop see she . everyone stop eat . a tremendous silence fall . a old clock go tick , tick , tick . suddenly cosmo smashes he fist to the table and stand . he do not look at Rose during this . then slowly , he sit down . cosmo okay . rose and go to confession . cosmo ( still not look at she ) a man ... under stand one day ... that he life be build on nothing . and that 's a bad , crazy day . rose you life be not build on nothing . ti amo . she put she hand across the table to he . cosmo ti amo . he slide he hand out and take she hand . slowly , he lift he eye . they eye meet . it 's the first time he 's be able to hold she gaze in this whole story . the doorbell ring . loretta it 's johnny . I will get it . Loretta 's tone be fatal . ronny I will get it . Rose get up . rose I will get it . she go to answer the door . ronny ( go for the door ) no , I will tell he . loretta no , I will tell he . ( to she father ) what be I go to tell he ? cosmo tell he the truth , Loretta they find out anyway . Loretta look at she father . loretta I love you pop . it 's a private moment . but who appear at the kitchen door be not johnny . it 's the cappomaggis . they have they coat on and they look very serious and concerned and timid . rita hi Loretta . loretta hi. raymond hi , Loretta . loretta hi . why be not you at the store ? rita be there anything you want to tell we , honey ? loretta you ? no. raymond we just come from the bank . loretta the bank . oh my GOD , I forget to make the deposit ! rita ( to Raymond ) she 's get it . raymond I know she have it . Loretta run out of the kitchen and reappear with she everyday bag . she take out the night deposit bag and hand it to Raymond . rita we do not know what to think . you be so weird yesterday , and then this morning , we go to the bank and no bag . raymond ( a sudden outburst to Loretta ) we never suspected you ! Raymond cover he face to hide he emotion . rita , meanwhile be clear the oatmeal bowl . rose listen . who want coffee ? there be a general acknowledgment . everybody want coffee . Rose pass out white mug and begin pour steaming draft of coffee . Raymond and rita be stand . the rest be sit . rita so what be we do ? rose we be wait for johnny cammareri . rita nod . a silence . ronny I be he brother . of ( take and shaking he hand ) Nice to meet you . I be rita cappomaggi . raymond ( take and take he hand ) I be Raymond cappomaggi . I be Rose 's brother . ronny Nice to meet you . silence . then the Old man erupt . old man somebody tell a joke ! the doorbell ring . and ring again . everyone be freeze for a moment , then rita mobilize . rita I will get it . she go . Loretta put down she coffee and deep breathes , prepare herself . loretta I be get palpitation ! she push away she coffee . raymond I think he be in palermo . rita appear with mr . johnny in tow rita continue into the room , leave Mr. johnny in the doorway . he be in a dark , vested suit . he be a little bewilder by the crowd of people , but succeed in hide most of he discomfort . rita it 's johnny cammareri . loretta johnny . mr. johnny Loretta ... ronny johnny ... mr. johnny ronny ! we mother have recover from death ! ronny good . mr. johnny have you come to make peace with I ? ronny well . yeah . you may not want to . mr. johnny of course I want to . loretta I do not know . but johnny , how do you mother recover ? she be die . mr. johnny we should talk alone . loretta I can not . I need my family around I now . mr. johnny well . I tell my mother that we be to be marry . and she get well . right away . ronny I be sure she do . mr. johnny it be a miracle ! loretta johnny , I have something to tell you . mr. johnny I have something to tell you . but I must talk to you alone . loretta I have no secret from my family . mr. johnny Loretta , I can not marry you . loretta what ? mr. johnny if I marry you my mother will die . the Old man laugh a loud sudden laugh , and then subside . loretta what the hell be you talk about ? we be engage . ronny Loretta , what be you talk about ? loretta I be talk about a promise . you propose to I ! mr. johnny because my mother be die ! but now she 's not . ronny you be forty - two year old , johnny , and mama be still run you life . mr. johnny and you be a son who do not love he mother ! loretta and you be a big liar ! I have get you ring here ! mr. johnny I must ask for that back . Loretta struggle and pull off the ring . loretta here ! take you stupid pinky ring . ( she throw it at johnny ) who need it ? the engagement 's off . Mr. johnny retrieve the ring . mr. johnny in time , you will see that this be the best thing . loretta in time , you will drop dead , and I will come to you funeral in a red dress . ronny Loretta ? loretta what ! ronny will you marry I . mr. johnny what ? loretta where 's the ring ? ronny look to Mr. johnny a little sheepishly . ronny could I a... borrow that ring . Mr. johnny , in shock , hand it over to ronny . ronny thanks . he kneel down before Loretta . he present the ring to she . ronny will you marry I , Loretta castorini Clark ? loretta before all this people , yes , I will marry you , ronny cammareri ! she take the ring . ronny and Loretta kiss . rose do you love he , Loretta ? loretta yeah , ma , I love he awful . rose oh God , that 's too bad . ronny and Loretta enter into a long kiss . the Old man start to cry . cosmo lean forward to the Old man solicitously . cosmo what 's the matter , pop ? old man ( lift he head and cry out ) i'm confuse ! Loretta push ronny away , break the kiss . they have both neglect to breathe the whole time they be kissing . they be both gasp for air , especially Loretta . loretta wait a minute ! wait a minute ! but then she look at ronny , and lunge back to he , diving into another kiss like a mermaid diving into the bluest ocean . music " o soave fanciulla " from " La boheme , " come up and engulf the lover , the family , the world . we see the face of the lover swirl away into a golden and diamond light , and dissolve into : EIGHT full champagne glass glisten in sunlight on the white tabletop . into each be drop a lump of sugar . a bottle of recently employ bitter sit nearby with its cap off ( like a respectful peasant in aristocratic company . and the rose in the center . now the camera pull back . we see the table be surround . cosmo be drop the last of the sugar cube in the last glass of champagne . Rose be by he . rita and Raymond be side by side , as be ronny and Loretta . the Old man sit , stare at he son , intent and approve . but where be Mr. johnny ? cosmo everybody take a glass . everybody take a glass . the Old man take one and get up old man ( to cosmo ) wait . the Old man take the glass and walk over to a corner of the kitchen where Mr. johnny , deeply disturb and somewhat catatonic , sit on a step -ladder . old man ( continue ; to Mr. johnny , offer the glass ) here . mr. johnny I do not want it . but the Old man , wise and merry and tough , press the glass on Mr. johnny , who take it . cosmo , the head of the family now , lift he glass cosmo to ... the family . right ? ti amo . they all lift they glass . close - up of rose's face rose ti amo . close - up of raymond and rita raymond that 's right . rita nod . a close - up of ronny and loretta drinking there champagne and look into each other 's eye . close - up of the old man who knock back he drink lustily , and then with a glitter eye look away from the table . mr. johnny from the old man' Pov Mr. johnny sit without move , hold he glass . a long moment pass . Mr. johnny be think . then he nod to himself . he lift he glass and murmur for no one to hear mr. johnny to family . close - up of the old man looking away from mr . johnny and he laugh he laugh . this laugh could kill he . the camera pull back a little . he pound the table and knock over the rose . a close - up of the red rose on the white tabletop close black credit roll against the white background . fade out : the end