moon written by Nathan parker Story by Duncan Jones November , 2007 helium3 be a gas eject from the surface of the sun and blow through space by solar wind . it play a essential role in cold Fusion , often tote as the solution to humanity 's future energy need . there be one major problem ... helium3 be extremely scarce on Earth . the gas do , however , exist in abundance on the Earth 's only natural satellite : the Moon . should we turn to cold Fusion in the future , it be conceivable that man will mine the Moon for helium3 and bring the precious gas back to Earth ... 2 . in the black : we hear something -- a machine -- churning and pounding . constant . rhythmic . though the sound be slightly familiar , we be not sure what it be yet . hold for a few second and then CUT to : 1 int . rec room -- morning 1 the sound belong to a regular old treadmill like you see in most gym across the world . running on it : SAM bell , mid thirty , thick beard , handsome , strike blue eye . Sam 's face be flushed and glisten with sweat . he lunge for a towel drape over the treadmill 's bar , dab he face as he run . we see outside the window : a gray , powdery landscape stretch beneath a black sky . CUT to : 2 ext . moon -- morning 2 aerial view of the Earth 's only natural satellite , the camera roam about a hundred foot off the surface . desolation . serious , uncompromising , desolation . this place make Antarctica look like Tokyo . and utter silence . eventually the camera arrive at a moon base , diving down towards it -- title card : " mining base selene . crew : 1 . " CUT to : 3 int . bathroom \shower -- morning 3 Sam take a shower , tread in a tight circle beneath the nozzle , eye close , hot water blast he face . 3. 4 int . comm room 4 his hair still wet from the shower , Sam sit before a comm unit , dress in a " lunar industry " boiler suit , a zip up the front , colorful patch sewn into the arm . he begin to record a message . SAM tess . hi. it 's I . how be you , sweetheart ? it 's the morning here . in a few minute gerty and I will sit down for breakfast , go over the day 's itinerary . as Sam continue he message , we be give a tour of the mining base . beginning with : 5 int . monitoring station 5 this be where you want to be if the shit hit the fan . the base 's equivalent of hq . a wall of computer and flicker digital display . SAM ( v.o. ) today begin my 154th week on selene . I officially have two week to go before I climb into that return vehicle ... 6 int . return vehicle 6 a small space craft attach to the base . it be essentially a tiny room with a coffin like , seal bed in the middle of it : a cryogenic pod with a array of complicated control surround it . SAM ( v.o. ) and blast home . 7 int . rec room 7 Sam spend most of he time here . it be kitchen and play room combine . we pick out a television set , a armchair , a ping - pong table , the treadmill . SAM ( v.o. ) I never dream I would make it this far . 4. detail : a wooden model on a table , we also pick out a large model carve out of bolser wood . it 's a town . intricately do down to the tiniest detail . SAM ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there be time , as you know ... we go even closer to the model , see that there be actual people , actual character in the little town ; actual building : a church , a town hall , etc . clearly someone have put a ton of work into this thing . SAM ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... when I think I be go to crack up . 8 int . greenhouse 8 and the tour of the base continue . onto a new room . a dark storage area Sam have repurpose to grow a handful of plant . they sit surround by darkness , glow under pool of artificial light . SAM ( v.o. ) but I think I have come out the other side now . 9 int . infirmary 9 a strange angular room , obviously purposeful , but its design more gear to a computer than a human be . a single bed dominate . SAM ( v.o. ) in many way , this place be all about contradiction . 10 ext . lunar landscape 10 the empty terrain surround the mining base , as view from the monitor Station window . across the landscape a mountain rise from the morning shadow . SAM ( v.o. ) it 's bleak , it 's beautiful . close up -- a hand tool some kind of rake or shovel half bury in the powdery soil , like a child 's toy abandon in a sand box . 5 . SAM ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's barren , yet fill with rich . 11 ext . earth -- as see from the moon 11 from up here it be easy to see why the Earth be sometimes refer to as " the blue marble . " a swirl of color . SAM ( v.o. ) the earth be thousand and thousand of mile away , but sometimes look so close I feel like I could reach out and snatch it with my hand . 12 int . sleeping quarter 12 Sam 's bed -- a New York jet poster on the wall -- a few knickknack bedside , rock sample in jar , a lucky tambourine Sam get in Mexico some year ago -- a red stress ball -- a photograph by the bed in a frame -- SAM ( v.o. ) I be incredibly lonely , yet I be never alone ... we move closer to the photo by the bed . photograph of a slightly young and clean-shaven Sam with he arm wrap around he wife of four year , tess bell . SAM ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) because I have you . tess be a far cry from the stereotypical astronaut 's wife of the 1960' / 70' with the plastic smile and beehive hairdo . tess be modern , sophisticated , and jaw-droppingly beautiful . she look like she would be a hard woman to leave behind . note : in the photograph tess be visibly pregnant . SAM ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and I have Eve . I do not take you guy for grant . you know that now . 6 . 13 int . comm room 13 back with Sam at the comm unit as he wrap up the message . SAM please kiss Eve for I . and tell she daddy will only be away a little longer -- seventeen day longer , approximately . I love you both dearly . bye . and he send the message . CUT to : 14 int . corridor 14 the main corridor connect the different room . we have see everything there be to see now . the base be small . confine . claustrophobic . it be easy to imagine how someone could crack up here . Sam leave the comm room and head down the corridor . 15 int . rec room 15 a state of the art robot , a gerty 3000 -- know simply as " gerty " -- be prepare Sam 's breakfast . gerty be in three section and move along a horizontal rail that run throughout the base . he have a readout screen that perpetually spew data . his hand resemble pincer , but be perfectly nimble . for the purpose of help run the base and look after Sam , gerty be as good as human , if not better . Sam enter . SAM Morning , gerty . gerty Morning , Sam . how be you today ? SAM Fine . Fine . you ? gerty I be very well . how 's you headache ? 7. SAM much better , thanks , pal . Sam treat gerty more like a person than a robot . whether this be down to gerty 's intelligence or Sam 's desperation for company be not clear just yet . note : gerty talk like a well - educate older man . his language do not have a great deal of inflection ( i.e. monotone ) but he be friendly enough . Sam switch a dial on a radio but get nothing but static - - he stick in a mini cd and skip the first few track . we hear brief clip of talk radio and shuttle through it before he allow it to play on , on some random american station -- a old weather report : voice on radio ... it 's a hot one on the East Coast , temperature soar to a high of ninety three degree in New York City -- they zip around the tiny kitchen , together prepare Sam 's breakfast , work as a team . CUT to : 16 ext . moon 16 we take in the whole Moon at once . Gray , colorless , eerie . from this distance the surface resembling plaster of Paris . 17 int . monitoring station -- day 17 Sam sit before selene 's main computer , know as the old man . data flicker off Sam 's face . he be make a log entry . a clock be run on the monitor . SAM 8:32 Pacific time . lunar Day 1 . all harvesters run smoothly this morning . readouts be as follow : Matthew , 14.6 mile ; Mark 16.8 mile ... Sam continue with he entry while we CUT to : 8. 18 int . storage cubby 18 gerty be select food for the up - come week , stack ready - meal on a small fork - lift buggy . CUT to : 19 int . monitoring station 19 a red light pulse rapidly . the " ping - ping-p " of a alarm . board Sam stand before the Big board . the name of the four harvesters ( Matthew , Mark , luke , John ) in a collum . the red light be flash next to Matthew . Sam press a intercom button , dip down , speak into it . SAM gerty , we have get a live one on Mark . I be go out now to rope she in . gerty' voice okay , Sam . Sam head off . 20 int . changing area 20 a space suit resembling a unmanned puppet . Sam begin to insinuate he body into the suit . 21 int . dock 21 Three rover ( moon buggy ) park in they separate bay . the rover be cake in lunar soil , as though sand blast . in he space suit Sam bend into one of the rover , start the engine . 9 . 22 i/e. rover / moon surface 22 Sam drive along , dwarf by a enormous lunar bolder and the rise slope of the valley beyond . a toy car in this vast and alien terrain . 23 ext . harvester / moon surface 23 the second in a fleet of four harvesters ( this one know as Mark ) collect lunar soil . the harvester resemble a tank and kick up cloud of dust . boom , hulk , efficient . Sam catch up in he Rover and accelerate into the back of the harvester up a couple of ramp . a intricate and dangerous maneuver he execute deftly . 24 int . harvester / belly -- continuous 24 Sam be in a area of the harvester -- a kind of hatch -- not dissimilar to a garage and know as the belly . once safely inside Sam close the door . he be able to breathe in the belly without he helmet , which he duly remove . Sam step up to a wall of computer . a light be flash to indicate one of the pod be fill with helium3 . Sam do he thing , eventually remove a keg-size pod of helium3 . he haul it over to the Rover and stick it in a special slot in the equivalent of the Rover 's trunk . a new pod -- a empty -- replace the pod Sam just remove . Sam put he helmet back on , return to the Rover , reverse out of the harvester carefully . 25 I /e. rover / moon surface 25 Sam snake through the soil on he way back to base , the track of the Rover as sharp as if they have be make through talcum powder . the harvester churn into the distance . CUT to : 26 int . corridor -- later 26 Sam load the fill pod into a cargo container . the cargo container be about the size of a fridge and can take a maximum of five pod . there be four pod already inside , Sam 's new pod take up the fifth and final slot . 10 . 27 int . comm room 27 Sam be seat at the comm unit recording a message for he superior back on Earth . SAM Sam Bell report to Central . 10:14 Pacific time . lunar Day 1 . ( less formal ) overmeyer , Thompson ? it 's Sam . how go it ? I have get a full container of helium3 ready to roll . the purity be pretty good , so assume you last market price be still relevant I think you be look at get about 3 million dollar per kilo with this load . by the time this message reach you it should be in transit . ( a beat ) otherwise , everything run smoothly . there be a discrepancy between a couple of the n3000 modulator a couple of day ago , but gerty and I catch it in time , no big deal . uh...how be thing down there ? Sam desperately want to talk but have nothing very important to say . then he remember something . SAM ( cont 'd ) oh , and I just want to thank you for send out the football feed . almost feel live ! ( get piss off ) seriously , I do not mean to be a asshole , but surely replace one satellite cant be that fuck hard ! I have not be able to have a conversation with my wife ... my kid can talk now ...! fuck ! Sam concentrate , get a grip on he temper . two week . two week . ( beat ) hey . Three year be a long haul . if you guy want to run some psych eval on I when I get back , I be happy to do it . it be not Disney World up here . ( a beat ) that 's it . over and out . 11 . Sam reach forward , send the message . CUT to : 28 int . corridor -- day 28 Sam be load the cargo container into the base 's maglev launcher . he work with a sense of routine , far away , preoccupy . all of a sudden Sam stop . he have the feel someone be stand behind he . he slowly turn . a girl be stand in the doorway watch he . she be perhaps fifteen or sixteen year old . a yellow dress . Long , wheat - color hair . freckle . at once beautiful and haunt . Sam get the fright of he life . he fly against the wall . widen to reveal Sam and the girl face off . Sam pop -eyed and shaking . the girl immobile , arm at she side , head tilt ever so slightly to one side . the cargo container be send hurtle through space . a terrific blast . it distract Sam 's attention , break he stare ... and just like that , the girl be go . Sam be just stare at a empty doorway . nothing there . Sam be baffle . have to be he imagination . have to be . after a few second he shake he head dismissively and continue work . CUT to : 29 int . rec room -- day 29 gerty be cut Sam 's hair . Sam sit back in a chair , barber shop style , while the robot snip-snip-snips away with a pair of scissors . Sam be gently squeezing a stress ball in he right hand . gerty Sam , be everything okay ? SAM everything 's fine , gerty . for a moment there be no sound but the snipping scissors , reminiscent of key snap on a typewriter . then : 12 . SAM ( cont 'd ) why do you ask ? gerty you do not seem like yourself today . Sam frown , contemplative . for a moment we think he be go to tell gerty about the girl he see earlier -- or imagine he see . but he go with something different . SAM it 's tess . gerty have something happen ? SAM no , not exactly . gerty stop cut , lower the scissors . gerty Sam , what be it ? SAM something do not feel right , that 's all . a beat . Sam 's finger twitching around the red stress ball , squeezing harder . gerty Sam , it might help to talk about it . Sam decide to come clean . SAM tess be not respond to thing . gerty tess be not respond to thing ? SAM right . gerty what kind of thing ? SAM ( a beat ) a couple of week ago I ask she if she want to go on vacation when I get back , and that I be think of either Mexico or Hawaii . ( more ) 13 . SAM ( cont 'd ) tess never say anything about it . Three message she 's send I since ... and she 's never once mention the vacation . gerty Im sure she can not wait , Sam . SAM that 's not the point . this be someone who life for vacation and travel . I think she would jump at the chance for we to go away -- with Eve , of course -- we would take Eve . gerty perhaps tess do not receive the message ? SAM ( as if anticipate gerty 's comment ) but this be not the only time it 's happen , gerty . when I ask she how she dad be do on he new heart medicine she do not respond to that -- I ask she when Eve be go to start nursery -- nothing . have she brother get the position at the University ? nothing . nothing . Sam be really have a go at the stress ball now . gerty I think she brother do get the position at the University . his name be Christopher , correct ? SAM he do ? gerty yes , I seem to recall he get the position . Professor of biochemistry , I think . at syracuse University in New York ? Sam be slightly alarmed that gerty know this and he do not . SAM how do you know that ? 14 . gerty you tell I . some time ago now . towards the beginning of you time on selene . when we be start to get to know each other . ( a beat ) you be very happy for you brother - in - law . you dance around the rec room , if I remember correctly . Sam look perturb . for a few second he would ease up on the stress ball . he start up on it again now . SAM gerty , have you hear anything new about anyone fix lunar sit ? gerty no Sam . from what I understand it 's fairly low on the company priority list with the Jupiter mission active . I would imagine it would be very expensive to fix . a pause . Sam still look troubled . gerty ( cont 'd ) Sam , be you ok ? SAM they need to sort that out . seriously . I have only get two week leave . it 's not fair on whoever 's up here next . gerty , you tell they to sort it out . it 's not healthy . gerty I will Sam . do you want I to finish cut you hair later ? SAM Nah . come on . let 's finish this . gerty resume cut Sam 's hair , and stop again , sense Sam be go to say something more . the scissors freeze . 15 . SAM ( cont 'd ) I have get another one of that headache . can you get I something for it ? gerty of course . now ? SAM no not now , afterwards . the scissors start up again . SAM ( cont 'd ) thanks , pal . CUT to : 30 int . rec room -- later 30 Sam with a haircut and a neatly trimmed beard be sit before the bolser Wood model of the little town . he be arched over work away with a exacto blade -- squinting -- whittling a figure out of wood . this be difficult and complicated work , and over three year Sam have become highly skilled at it . Sam can carve a actual person out of wood -- actual cheekbone , actual throat , actual hand -- it 's fascinating to watch . from another room Sam hear the " ping - ping - ping " of a alarm . CUT to : 31 int . comm room -- continuous 31 close up -- comm unit flash on the comm unit monitor : " new transmission . " there be a small icon of a telephone . CUT to : 32 int . rec room -- continuous 32 on SAM he carefully put down the wooden figure and the exacto blade -- stand and leave the rec room . 16 . 33 int . comm room 33 Sam sit at the comm unit watch a message from he superior , overmeyer and thompson , a purposeful look woman in charge and she earnest second . the two talk rapidly and trade off like a tag team . at time they tone can be almost bizarrely whimsical . overmeyer and Thompson seem to have know Sam for a while , but even so , there be a practise casualness to the repartee . it 's a professional friendliness on overmeyer part , no more and for Thompson it 's merely a eagerness to be involved . overmeyer delighted to hear about the latest shipment , Sam . thompson accord to Albatross 90 it should be landing off the California Coast within the next three day . overmeyer now in response to you question about the communication equipment , the news be not good . thompson Sam , that solar storm do a lot more damage than initially think -- overmeyer fix the lunar sit be go to take some time . it 's a significant operation . thompson and what with the Jupiter Program hemorrhage money -- Sam curse to himself . overmeyer lunar do not have the budget it once do , Sam , you know that . thompson even the coffee machine down in the hub have be break since I do not know when -- 17 . overmeyer we have to go to Genesis 3 just to get a decent cup of coffee , Sam . Genesis 3 . that 's three building over . thompson we be hope to get the live feed up and run by the fall . the good news be you will be home by then , Sam . overmeyer you only have two week to go ! congrat -- Sam shut off the message before overmeyer can pipe out he last line . Sam sit before the dead screen -- eye close -- take a succession of deep breaths . CUT to : 34 int . rec room -- day 34 Sam play ping -pong . he have fold up the second half of the table and be use it as a wall . the sound be rapid and rhythmic : ca-cluck ca-cluck ca-cluck . Sam take he frustration out on the little white ball . CUT to : 35 int . bathroom -- day 35 Sam stand before the toilet urinate . Rather ironically he be whistling I be walk on Sunshine -- focuss ahead at he reflection in the mirror -- angle he face , admire he haircut , he beard . then he look down to flush the toilet and he whistling abruptly stop . 36 int . bathroom\toilet 36 it look like someone just pour a glass of cranberry juice into the toilet bowl . literally . the red urine clouding the water like a squirt of octopus ink . yeah , Sam just piss blood . there be a " ping ! " and gerty 's voice crackle from the intercom . 18 . gerty' voice Sam , a transmission have arrive from you wife . Sam reach over and press the intercom button . SAM be right there . and he flush the toilet . CUT to : 37 int . comm room -- day 37 Sam sit before the monitor . he hit the " play " button , begin watch the message . on the monitor : tess be sit in a live room talk to Sam . tess have a sweet voice , she sound ground , like she 's get a head on she shoulder . tess hi Sam . it 's I . how be you ? ( a beat ) I get you last message , it be really great to hear you voice . I know you have be really lonely up there , but in a lot of way it 's be good for you , I think . I hope you do not mind I say that . I be proud of you . ( a beat ) hey , someone 's get something to say . a woman , possibly a nanny or some form of hire help , swing a little girl into tess 's arm . this be eve , Sam and tess 's daughter . tess ( cont 'd ) Eve , it 's daddy . what do you want to say to he ? Eve just stare . tess whisper to she ( " remember what we practice " , etc . ) finally Eve attempt : eve asstraut . tess who 's a astronaut ? ( encourage ) go on ! 19 . eve daddy asstraut ! tess laugh . so do Sam . tess that 's right , daddy 's a astronaut . clever girl ! Eve fidget , rub she nose , distract . tess ( cont 'd ) she 's shy . uh , Cathy , could you ...? the maid step in , hoist Eve away . tess wait until they be out of earshot . tess ( cont 'd ) it 's she birthday next month . I think we would get she a play house for the garden . we could even pick it out together . a pause . tess just stare into the camera . she be hundred and thousand of mile away , but for a second it feel like she 's right there in the comm room with Sam . it 's intimate . she finally shake she head , self - conscious , shy . tess ( cont 'd ) God , I hate this thing . Sam , I love you . I be think of you always . I can not wait to see you , sweetheart . okay . bye . and the message end . on SAM : smile , on the brink of tear . CUT to : 38 ext . the earth -- night / later 38 the Earth at night , illuminate by a glitter spider 's web of artificial lighting . from the Moon this be one of the most beautiful sight you will ever see . 39 int . rec room -- same 39 Sam be in improve spirit . he pour himself a glass of juice as gerty prepare dinner . 20 . SAM what 's on the menu tonight , gerty ? gerty baby back rib with french fries and spinach . SAM rib ! good choice , pal . Fine choice . it might be baby back rib with french fries and spinach , but it 's make from a packet by add hot water . nasty . Sam sit down with the packet . dig in with a fork . SAM ( cont 'd ) oh yeah ! compliment to the chef , gerty , this be delicious ! Sam eat ravenously . CUT to : 40 int . greenhouse -- night 40 Sam be in the greenhouse pruning plant with a pair of secateur . he tread up the aisle slowly , take time with each of the plant . classical music play over the sound system , brahm , Beethoven , bartok , one of the B 's . Sam hum along to the music . a man at peace . CUT to : 41 int . rec room -- night / later 41 Sam be work on he wooden model of the town . across the room the Ed Sullivan show be on tv . Ed 's guest be a very young goldie hawn . note : whenever any tv be watch in the film , it be always a show from 1970 's America . ( mash , six million dollar man , laugh - in , etc . ) no explanation be give for this . Sam be half - watch the tv , but he focus be chiefly on the SMALL house he be carve . and carve beautifully . after a few second he stand and snap off the tv with a remote . he cross to the kitchen section of the rec room to make some tea . the water have just boil . as Sam be about to pour the boil water , tea kettle in hand , he glance across the rec room and see : 21 . the girl . she 's take Sam 's chair before the model . she be motionless , stare down at the model like she recognize one of the little figure walk the tiny street . Sam calmly put the tea kettle down and begin to move towards the girl , slowly , cautiously , like he want to sneak up on she . Sam walk right up to the girl and reach out he hand ... SAM and then we CUT to Sam stand in the kitchen . over by the model there be no sign of the girl . the chair be empty . she 's go . her sit there , Sam 's walk across the room -- apparently he imagine it all . Sam look down . the tea kettle be dangle at a angle and boiling water be dribbling onto he leave hand . simultaneously : Sam snap he hand away , Sam scream . the tea kettle clatter to the floor . Sam hurrie to the sink and jerk he hand under a stream of cold water . cursing under he breath the whole time : " shit , piss , fuck ... " CUT to : 42 int . infirmary -- later 42 Sam sit in a chair as gerty tend to he scold leave hand . it 's a nasty burn . SAM I be go to feel that for a while , be not I , gerty ? ( then ) damn it . gerty apply a translucent balm to the burn . gerty Sam , can I ask how it happen ? SAM I tell you , I see something on the tv and spill boil water on my hand . gerty you see something on the tv ? 22. SAM ( a touch petulant ) yeah , something on the tv distract I , gerty , what 's wrong with that ? a pause . gerty be wrapping Sam 's hand with a bandage . gerty Sam , you say it be the tv that distract you , but when I come in the tv be not on . gerty have catch he out . Sam know it . gerty ( cont 'd ) perhaps you be imagine thing ? gerty have hit the nail on the head , in a way that make Sam feel a little uneasy . be there something gerty know that Sam do not ? CUT to : 43 int . the sleeping quarter -- night 43 Sam asleep in bed . 44 sam' dream 44 Sam make love to tess . we remain very close to they body in bed . the background a blur . no sound . it 's all flesh and white sheet . sensual , delicate , intense . we feel almost intrusive watch . 45 int . sleeping quarter -- morning 45 Sam wake up and lunge across the bed to shut off he alarm clock . we notice a white bandage on the hand that he scold . afterwards : Sam lie back , watch the ceiling , groggy , reflective , still surfacing from he dream . and then over this : the sound from the open of the film , the treadmill , and we CUT to : 46 int . rec room -- morning 46 Sam on he morning run . 23. 47 int . rec room -- morning / later 47 gerty be make breakfast . Sam enter , fresh from the shower . SAM Morning , gerty . gerty Morning , Sam . how be you today ? SAM Fine . Fine . gerty how 's the hand ? SAM it 's a little sore . gerty pop the radio on . just another morning on selene . CUT to : 48 int . monitoring station -- morning / later 48 Sam sit before the Old man do he daily log entry . a clock be run on the monitor . SAM 8:19 Pacific time . lunar Day 2 . readouts be as follow : Matthew , 9.8 mile ... suddenly the monitor blip -- a blast of static -- and Sam sees himself talk on the monitor . it appear to be a previous log entry . SAM ( cont 'd ) luke ...7.3 mile ...wow , better look into luke ... but bizarrely , the Sam talk on the monitor have long hair pull back into a ponytail -- and no beard -- and then another blip -- another blast of static -- and the screen turn completely black . a single word begin to flash in the center of the screen : " error . " the word flash three time -- before the screen return to normal , the clock run again . 24 . it all happen so quickly Sam wonder if he do not just imagine it . after a awkward pause he simply continue the original log entry . SAM ( cont 'd ) Mark , 11 mile on the button ... close up -- red light pulse . go " ping-ping-ping . " 49 int . monitoring station -- later / morning 49 Sam stand across the room with a mug of coffee , peer up at the Big board , see that the alarm belong to Matthew . he cross to the intercom , speak into it . SAM gerty , look like we have get a live one out on Matthew . I wonder what be take he so long , the old fart . I be head out in a few minute , just go to finish my coffee . gerty' voice okay , Sam . CUT to : 50 I /e. rover / moon surface -- morning 50 Sam at the wheel in he space suit , speed towards the first of the harvesters , know as matthew . harvester/matthew as Sam get closer to the harvester , he suddenly see something : the girl . she be stand maybe a hundred yard away in she yellow dress , resembling a flame or a flower in the barren and colorless landscape . she appear to be stare directly at Sam 's rover . SAM his face unfold with panic , alarm , curiosity . a intense , yearn , curiosity . 25 . he drive closer . but like in a dream , Sam can not seem to make up any distance between the Rover and the girl . he crush the accelerator pedal . for a moment Sam drive right alongside the harvester , cloud of lunar dust be kick up , cascade against the side window . but Sam be look away from the harvester , focuss on the girl . on SAM : he do not notice Matthew ( the harvester ) suddenly veer right , slamm into the side of the Rover and cause Sam to lose control . the steering wheel swing leave and right as Sam desperately try to straighten the path of the vehicle , but a split second later the Rover be flipped like a matchbox , and spun into the path of the harvester -- a hideous screech of mangle metal -- the Rover gobble up by the front of the harvester , devoure . the Rover be jammed under the harvester 's monstrous axle , resembling a crush beer can in a fist -- and with a big , booming groan the harvester slide to a standstill . wide shot : silence . the harvester stationary . the Rover catch beneath it . no sign of the girl . CUT to : black . silence . hold it for five second and then 51 a blur 51 eyelid flutter , bright light , at first break up , filter , as if view through a kaleidoscope . slowly shape and impression begin to form and we know where we be . it 's the infirmary . 52 int . infirmary -- day 52 a clean shaven and drugge - up Sam be sit up in bed , propped with a pillow . Sam do not have a scratch on he face , but have clearly be through a terrifying ordeal . gerty be bedside . 26 . SAM where be I ? gerty Sam , you be in the infirmary . you have a accident . Sam look bewilder -- he desperately rack he brain , try to locate the memory . gerty ( cont 'd ) do you remember what happen ? SAM no. ( a beat ) I do not remember a thing . Sam just stare back at gerty , not so much as a flicker of recognition . gerty do you remember I ? SAM yes , of course I remember you , gerty . gerty that 's good . that 's very good . it 's nice to see you awake again . ( a beat ) I would like to keep you under observation here in the infirmary for a few day and run some test . a pause . Sam take it all in . eventually : SAM how long have I be out ? gerty not long . Sam , go back to sleep . you be still very tired . we can talk later . Sam close he eye , sink deeper into he pillow . CUT to : 53 int . infirmary -- later 53 Sam asleep in bed . gerty be scan he head with a small instrument resembling a camcorder . 27 . there be readout on a monitor show blood flow , oxygen level and glucose metabolism in the tissue of Sam 's brain . CUT to : 54 ext . moon -- day 54 luke , one of the harvesters , crossing the lunar landscape at half speed . 55 int . infirmary 55 Sam wake up from a extend nap . he thrust he fist into he eye like a child , yawn ferociously . SAM gerty ? no sign of the robot . Sam be feel well enough to walk . he swing he leg out of bed , begin to plod around the room . he be tentative at first , slow , as if walk be something he be have to learn from scratch . eventually when he be move fluidly he go to the door and poke he head out into the corridor . 56 int . corridor -- continuous 56 Sam peer around . from another room he can hear the faint drine of voice . one of this voice belong to gerty . the other voice be deeper , faster , human . SAM gerty ? the voice continue . intrigue , Sam presses on down the corridor . on SAM as he walk up the corridor in the direction of the comm room . Sam be close enough now that he can actually hear the conversation . Sam arrive at the door of the comm room and peer in . gerty ( 0.s ) this be extraordinary circumstance , as you know -- 28 . 57 int . comm room -- continuous 57 gerty be install at the comm unit . Thompson and overmeyer be on the screen . the moment gerty see Sam he shut off the monitor and the screen fizze to black , Thompson and overmeyer vanish . strange : gerty appear to have a live feed . gerty Sam , you be out of bed . SAM I want to stretch my leg . ( then ) what be that ? gerty not talk . no . we have be have some problem with the lunar sit and we live feed seem to be down . I be recording a video message for Central update they on you progress . ( a beat ) Sam , you need to stay in bed . you be not ready to walk around yet . Sam nod vaguely , turn around and head back to the infirmary slowly . CUT to : 58 int . infirmary -- later 58 Sam watch tv -- the muppet show , the " Pigs in Space " sketch -- and eat dinner . he 's not laugh . 59 int . infirmary -- later 59 Sam hunch over the infirmary 's stainless steel wash basin give himself a shave . he hit the razor on the side of the basin -- tap tap tap -- like a conductor with a baton . CUT to : 60 int . infirmary -- later 60 Sam be seat at a table . frankly he look better now than he do before the accident . 29 . perhaps it 's the rosy hue of he freshly shaven face . he certainly look young . a man revitalize , a man mend . gerty be give Sam something very similar to a iq test . Sam have just arrange a series of block into a l-shape tower . gerty excellent , Sam . SAM how much longer do I have to be in here , gerty ? gerty Sam , you suffer minor brain damage in the crash . this have result in memory loss and slight logic impairment . SAM when can I get back to work ? gerty Central have ask I to slow down the harvesters to ensure you have time to recuperate and get you strength back -- SAM ( dryly , exasperate ) terrific . gerty the good news be you can return to the sleep quarter tomorrow . but it will still be a few more day before you can resume anything like a normal work schedule . Sam 's face teach with irritation . he be not happy . gerty give he the next puzzle to solve . we move in on sam' left hand as he take the puzzle , the same hand he scold in a earlier scene . the bandage be gone and the burn appear to have completely heal . CUT to : 61 int . corridor -- day 61 Sam walk down the corridor in the direction of the sleep quarter . he stop at a red light on the corridor wall , beneath it the word , " exit door . " 30 . he 's lock inside the base . Sam pull a face , disgruntled , continue down the corridor . 62 int . sleeping quarter -- continuous 62 Sam take in the New York jet poster on the wall and walk over to the bed -- study he lucky tambourine and the glass jar of lunar rock sample -- like he 's try to reacquaint himself with he own belonging . his eye arrive on the red stress ball . Sam scoops up the ball and pitch it at the wall like he expect the thing to bounce back to he . the stress ball do not bounce back , simply hit the wall with a dull thud and drop to the floor . CUT to : 63 ext . the moon -- day 63 a desolation special . the blacker than black sky above . none of the ingredient of life . on Earth we have rainforest , and flower , and bird . we have color . up here we realize how lucky we be . the base be light by large halogen comfort light , alone in the lunar desert . this be a lunar night . CUT to : 64 int . monitoring station -- morning 64 Sam sit before the Old man do a few innocuous task , collect readout , slurping a cup of coffee . gerty be within ear shot . Sam see something that pull he closer to the monitor . SAM gerty , do you know about this ? gerty approach . Sam tap the screen . SAM ( cont 'd ) Matthew 's get no velocity read - out . he 's completely still . gerty ( o.s. ) he must have stall . Sam give gerty a look . that 's not good . 31 . 65 int . comm room -- later 65 Sam be recording a message for Central . SAM there 's no way to tell from here if a track 's be throw , or if it 's just something jamme in a axle , or what ... I can shoot out there , check it out , get some video and maybe save you guy the expense of float in a whole crew ! I know how tight money be right now .... Sam really frustrated now . he feel coope up , stir crazy , idle . SAM ( cont 'd ) just give I the word -- or gerty the word , tell he to unlock the exit door -- and I will go out and get Matthew up and run again . ( a beat ) that 's it . over and out . Sam send the message . CUT to : 66 int . rec room -- morning 66 Sam enter the rec room , look around , he eye settling on the model of the town . Sam sit down in front of the model , stare -- he pick up the house he be carve earlier -- study it carefully . CUT to : 67 int . comm room -- day 67 Sam and gerty be seat at the comm unit watch a video message from Central . Sam be hold a carve house , examine it as he listen to the video . the familiar face of overmeyer and Thompson on the screen , shoulder to shoulder , the two look more like vulture right now than lizard . thompson Sam , we appreciate the offer , but you concentrate on feel better . 32 . SAM ( mutter , vex ) oh for Christ 's sake ... overmeyer we do not want you to take any unnecessary risk . you be too important to we . thompson you be to stay put , understand ? overmeyer it 's a order . thompson it 's a order , Sam . from lunar . stay put . overmeyer we be go to send a rescue unit to tend to the stall harvester and get the base back on its foot . SAM ( incense ) why ? the message end . Sam turn to gerty , irate , the message as good as a kick in the ball . gerty I be sorry Sam . Sam stare at gerty . gerty ( cont 'd ) Sam , I be under strict order not to let you outside . Sam throw the half complete wood carve in he hand at the other end of the room , break it . he fly to he foot -- growl with frustration -- storm out of the room . CUT to : 68 int . sleeping quarter -- morning 68 Sam asleep in bed . 33. 69 sam' troubled dream 69 Sam and tess make love . we remain very close to they body in bed . the background a blur . it 's the same dream we see earlier . something be different though . we drift past Sam and tess , and under the sheet of the bed . down between they entwine foot huddle a bearded , wide - eye Sam , stare directly at we from under the sheet at the end of the bed ! CUT to : 70 int . rec room 70 Sam be quietly eat breakfast , lose in think . gerty putter around in the background . the radio drone away . 71 int . comm room 71 Sam be seat at the comm unit watch a message from tess . we assume this be a old message since tess be heavily pregnant . her slender hand be spread over she prodigious belly as she beam at the camera . tess he 's kick ... or she 's kick . I be certain he 's a boy . I wish you could feel it . ( a beat , shifting ) I think we make the right choice , Sam . I really do . we need some time apart . we get stick . that happen in marriage sometimes . it 's nothing terrible . ( then ) well listen , I love you lot -- and we will talk soon , okay ? bye Sam . a pop and tess be go -- the monitor fill with static . Sam sit stare into space . tess ' message seem to have agitate he . SAM fuck it . 34 . he jump from he chair and head out of the comm room at pace . 72 int . rec room 72 Sam stride in -- swipe a knife from beside the wooden model -- stride out again . 73 int . corridor 73 Sam glance leave and right -- make sure there 's no sign of gerty -- then begin to pry open a vent with the knife . once the vent be remove he reach deep inside and yank out a bundle of interwoven wire -- Sam bend the wire around the blade of the knife -- and cut . gas issue from the cut wire . a alarm sound . Sam hide the knife away , shout down the corridor : SAM gerty ! get over here ! quickly ! gerty come out of the monitor Station and shuttle down the corridor . gerty what happen ? SAM do not know -- Micro meteorite , maybe ? either way there might be damage to the exterior shell . I would better go outside and take a look . gerty there be no damage to the exterior shell . SAM it 's not that I do not believe you , gerty , but the inner skin be spring leak like a acme fire hose . maybe you better let I take a look , just in case , huh ? gerty Sam , I be not suppose to let you go outside . SAM then let 's keep it between you and I then . ok ? 35 . the robot take a inordinate amount of time to think this through . the syrupy gas distort the light as it collect at Sam 's ankle . gerty 's arm work away as they speedily repair the damage Sam have do . finally : gerty okay , Sam . the " exit Doors " light turn from red to GREEN . for Sam this be like the blast of a starting pistol -- he immediately take off down the corridor -- 74 int . changing area 74 Sam find he space suit be go , so grab the spare suit and scramble into it . 75 int . dock 75 two rover park side by side . one of the parking bay be empty . Sam stand before the empty bay for a moment -- why be one of the rover miss ? if Sam suspect something be wrong before , he be certain of it now . he climb into one of the two remain rover . 76 I /e. rover / moon surface 76 Sam speed along in the Rover . he have Matthew 's coordinate plugge into he navigation system and be follow a map on a small monitor . 77 ext . moon -- continuous 77 Sam head towards the stall harvester . it soon become apparent that there be something stuck under the front of the harvester 's axle . a second later it be apparent what that something be : inevitably , it 's the missing rover . Sam slow he Rover down , approach the scene with caution . he park a few foot away from the wreck and open the door of he Rover , step outside gingerly . one sixth gravity be like walk on a trampoline . Sam take long stride , bob over to the front of the harvester to take a closer look , he boot leave deep footprint in the lunar soil . 36 . the front of the harvester the crash Rover be exactly as we leave it after the accident , mangle , crush , capture beneath the trundle of the harvester . Sam peer closer and see that there be a unconscious man in a lunar industry space suit trap inside . Sam can not see the man 's face -- he have he back to Sam , he body sprawle across the passenger seat like he 's search for loose change on the floor of the vehicle . with great effort Sam manage to prize the Rover 's door open . he reach inside and begin to pull the man out -- Sam 's sheer adrenaline give he the strength of a yeti . Sam drag the unconscious man away from the crash Rover , he body leave a big track MARK in the gray soil . Sam take a second to catch he breath , then lean down and turn the unconscious man onto he back . he brush dust from the glass of the man 's helmet , lean down even closer . close up -- the man through he helmet we see a bloody and beard SAM . Sam as we remember he . the Sam from the open twenty minute of the film . Sam 's face as the panic , the alarm , the SHOCK , the realization hit he like a wreck ball : this man he have just pull out of the crash Rover be himself . wide shot -- the stall harvester Sam gather he wit and manage to lift the unconscious Sam up over he shoulder , fireman 's lift style , take he to the park Rover . CUT to : 78 int . dock -- a few minute later 78 Sam drive the Rover into the dock , fly out and remove he space helmet , scream : SAM gerty ! gerty ! help ! 37 . he reach into the Rover , lift out the unconscious Sam . he carry he in both arm , staggering across the dock -- back arched , arm beginning to sag -- and into the corridor . 79 int . corridor 79 Sam promptly collapse and drop the unconscious Sam onto the floor . SAM gerty ! gerty approach , glide along he rail . Sam be freaking out big time , exhaust , panic-stricken , bewilder . SAM ( cont 'd ) I find he outside by the stall harvester . who be he ? what the fuck be go on ? a pause . gerty literally seem lose for word . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( demand a answer ) gerty ! gerty we need to get he to the infirmary . SAM not until you tell I who he be ! gerty Sam , we need to get he to the infirmary immediately . Sam scoops the unconscious Sam up off the ground and lift he towards the infirmary -- staggering -- stumbling -- go : SAM who be he ! who be he ! sound like some derange homeless man . gerty glide alongside he . CUT to : 80 int . infirmary -- day 80 lying in the infirmary bed , propped on a pillow , be the first Sam , the bearded Sam , who we will now refer to as SAM 1 . 38 . he have a wick black eye and a purple bruise on the right side of he face , look like he be on the lose end of a brawl . he have a drip stick in he arm and a tangle of wire attach to he bare chest . a machine be beeping away . gerty hover over he , redress the bandage on Sam 1 's leave hand , the one he scold a while back . 81 int . infirmary -- later 81 Sam 1's eye pop open , he be awake , stare directly at gerty . gerty hello sam. ( a beat ) how be you feel ? SAM 1 where be I ? gerty the infirmary . you have a accident out by one of the harvester . do you remember ? for a second this be play out like the other infirmary scene . a case of deja -vu . Sam 1's eye twitch as he catalogue through he memory . yes he remember the crash . he remember something else , too . SAM 1 I see someone out there , gerty . gerty who do you see , Sam ? just then Sam 1 notice the other Sam -- the more current , clean - shaven Sam -- who we will now refer to as SAM 2 . he be stand against the wall watch Sam 1 . SAM 1 I see a girl . gerty you see a girl out by the harvester ? how be that possible ? Sam 1 continue to stare at Sam 2 , hardly believe he eye . 39 . gerty ( cont 'd ) Sam , you suffer a slight concussion in the crash and have incur minor injury , but all in all the prognosis be good . I be happy to see you again . as he say this Sam 2 cross slowly from one side of the room to the other , never take he eye off Sam 1 . it 's like Sam 2 be purposefully keep he distance , reluctant , afraid even , to approach any closer . meanwhile Sam 1 be beginning to look spook . SAM 1 gerty ? gerty yes , Sam ? SAM 1 be there someone in the room with we ? gerty yes . SAM 1 who be he ? but Sam 1 know exactly who it be . he 's see that face every morning of he life in the bathroom mirror . gerty Sam , get some sleep . you be very tired . Sam 2 wordlessly walk out of the room . Sam 1's eye shift to gerty , the spook expression yet to leave he face . CUT to : 82 int . corridor -- day 82 Sam 1 hobbling along , in addition to he facial injury he injure he knee in the crash and be walk with a slight limp . the camera tracking behind Sam 1 as he swing along and stop at 83 int . rec room -- continuous 83 Sam 1 in the doorway , he peer in . 40 . seat before the tv watch the newlywed game , Sam 2 . he turn from the tv and share a long look with Sam 1 . finally : SAM 1 hi. Sam 2 just nod . he turn back to the tv . Sam 1 continue on down the corridor . 84 int . monitoring station 84 gerty be study lunar rock sample through a microscope . Sam 1 enter . SAM 1 gerty , what the hell be go on ? who be that guy in the rec room ? where do he come from ? why do he look like I ? Sam 1 be perplex , but not freaking out , not yet anyway . gerty Sam , you be out of bed . SAM 1 yes , gerty , I be out of bed . who be the guy in the rec room ? gerty Sam Bell . Sam 1 be officially freaking out now . SAM 1 who the fuck be in the rec room , gerty !? gerty you be Sam Bell . a long pause . Sam 1 at the point of tear . gerty ( cont 'd ) Sam , what be it ? it might help to talk about it . SAM 1 I do not understand what 's happen , gerty . I think I may be lose my mind . 41 . gerty we could run some test . ( a beat ) I have not report anything to central , Sam . they do not know you be recover alive from the accident . SAM 1 recover alive ? what do you mean ? why have not you report to central ? gerty I be here to keep you safe , Sam . I want to help you . be you hungry ? Sam 1 merely nod at this , turn and plodd out of the room , seemingly in a daze . 85 int . corridor 85 Sam 1 come out of the monitor Station , pass the rec room without look in . 86 int . sleeping quarter -- continuous 86 Sam 2 have take over the room . the same belonging , of course , but there 's a different energy . for one thing it 's very untidy ; look like the bedroom of a unruly teenager . Sam 1 stand in the doorway , take it in . wordlessly Sam 1 begin to tidy the room . he seem almost relieved to be able to lose himself temporarily in this physical activity -- make the bed , fold clothes , etc . CUT to : 87 int . rec room 87 Sam 2 have stop watch tv and be now seat at a table play solitaire . Sam 1 appear in the doorway . Sam 2 look up . the energy bristle with tension . SAM 1 you be Sam Bell . Sam 2 do not answer , go back to he card . Sam 1 enter with caution , take a seat across the room , purposefully keep he distance . 42 . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) I be Sam Bell , too . SAM 2 yeah . Sam 1 nod . a beat . SAM 1 this be fuck up . SAM 2 completely . Sam 2 slapping down card . Sam 1 desperately attempt to put together a coherent think . SAM 1 why ... what be you ? for a second we do not think Sam 2 be go to respond . then : SAM 2 I be a clone , Sam . Im a fuck clone . SAM 1 how long have you be here ? SAM 2 about a week . a beat . SAM 1 how be you get on ? SAM 2 ( repeat the question slowly ) how be I get on ? ( then ) the company order gerty to lock all the exit . I have not be able to do anything for seven day but sit on my ass . SAM 1 they lock all the exit ? what about the harvester ? SAM 2 slow they down to half speed , apparently . ( more ) 43. SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) and then when I finally trick gerty into let I outside I find a clone of myself in a crash rover . how be I get on ? oh I be loving it . SAM 1 I be not a clone . SAM 2 ok , Sam . you be not a clone . SAM 1 you be the clone . CUT to : 88 int . greenhouse - later 88 the two Sam 's be inspect plant . SAM 2 how long have you be here ? SAM 1 almost three year . SAM 2 hence the Captain 's beard . SAM 1 ( with a smile ) right . SAM 2 I do not know it could get so thick . do it itch ? SAM 1 no , not really . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) listen , I want to say thank - you . if it be not for you I would still be out there in the crash rover . you save my life . ( then ) will you shake my hand ? Sam 2 hesitates , eventually shake Sam 1's hand . meanwhile Sam 1 be stare at he clone , astonished . SAM 2 ( self-conscious ) what ? 44 . SAM 1 you look just like I . it 's incredible . SAM 2 why do I look like you ? why do not you look like I ? SAM 1 we look like each other , I guess . this final line intend as a kind of truce . CUT to : 89 int . rec room -- later 89 Sam 1 and Sam 2 be fold the ping - pong table down so they can have a real game . ping - pong the two sam play ping -pong . it 's slightly competitive , but mainly they be just happy to take they mind off they situation for half a hour . SAM 1 you serve . SAM 2 score ? SAM 1 two point to eighteen . SAM 2 fuck ! Sam 2 slap he paddle on he thigh , he temper creep up on he . he catch Sam 's eye . get a grip . Sam 1 be a better player than Sam 2 . he 's be up here longer . he 's have more practice . 90 int . rec room -- later 90 after the game , the two sam be sprawle in they seat , sweaty , flushed , energize . they sit before the model of the town . SAM 2 how long do it take you to do this ? 45 . SAM 1 I do not remember do all of it . I remember when I do the church and the salvation Army . and a few of the people . my mind 's be act kind of weird lately , though . SAM 2 it 's fairfield , right ? ( point ) there 's town Hall . SAM 1 uh-huh . you know fairfield ? ( also point ) that 's the baskin&amp ; robbin . and there 's tess and Eve . do you know tess ? the mention of they wife have stop the conversation in its track . Sam 2 immediately drop into deep melancholy . SAM 2 yes . I know tess . SAM 1 you know about Eve , right ? it be obvious from Sam 2 's expression that he do not . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) we have a girl . SAM 2 we do ? ( beat ) she think she be go to have a boy . she be so sure . ( then ) Eve ? Sam 1 nod . SAM 1 she 's beautiful . she 's really beautiful . SAM 2 how much do she weigh ? be not that what you be suppose to ask , how much do she weigh ? SAM 1 nine pound , eleven ounce . 46 . Sam 2 do not know what to do with the news : on the one hand he be jubilant , on the other he 's a clone , the baby technically be not even he . all of a sudden there be a " ping ! " from the intercom speaker : gerty' voice Sam , a message have arrive from Central . Sam 1 and Sam 2 share a look , then together spring from they chair . CUT to : 91 int . comm room -- day 91 Sam 1 and Sam 2 seat before the comm unit . Sam 1 hit the " play " button . overmeyer and Thompson appear on the screen . overmeyer greeting , Sam ! thompson how 's we man ? feeling better ? overmeyer you get lot of rest ? thompson yeah , you rest up , Sam ? you would better be you bastard . overmeyer enjoy it while it last ! we have get good news . thompson the Jupiter Program have to be put on hiatus , so we have get a few free pair of hand -- overmeyer we have manage to secure you a rescue unit ahead of schedule . thompson rescue unit eliza . a shot / still photo of rescue unit eliza . a meaner group of son - of - bitch you have never see . this guy make the rescue team from apocalypse now look like the New kid on the block . 47 . overmeyer they have be station on goliath 19 for the last couple of month . thompson ( o.s. ) eliza 's be in transit for the last day .... we expect they to reach you in approximately 14 hour . overmeyer ( o.s. ) commence to jump for joy ! thompson ( o.s. ) you will be back to work in no time . now back on overmeyer and Thompson . overmeyer eliza be bring you something special , Sam . compliment of the company . thompson a hooker ! overmeyer no not a hooker . what 's wrong with you ? it 's a little something to drink , Sam , that 's all , we way of patting you on the back for all that you have be through . thompson in the meantime , keep rest up , and hang in there . overmeyer yeah you hang in there , Sam . over and out . and the screen pop to black . a pause . for a moment there be silence , neither of the sam know how to react -- go by the message Thompson and overmeyer do not know anything about there be two sam on the base now . SAM 1 they be send a rescue unit ? why ? SAM 2 to fix the stall harvester . they do not think I be up to it . 48 . SAM 1 then I be go back . Sam 2 give Sam 1 a perplex look . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) I have do my three year . that 's it for I -- Sam 2 be shaking he head slowly . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) what ? SAM 2 be that what you really think ? SAM 1 I have get a contract -- SAM 2 you be a fuck clone ! you do not have shit ! at once Sam 1 and Sam 2 rocket to they foot -- right in each other face , on the brink of blows . SAM 1 I be go home ! SAM 2 you be not go anywhere ! Sam 1 turn around , head out of the room . Sam 2 storm after he , talking the whole time -- SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) you have be up here too long , man ! you have lose the plot ! gerty shuttle along after they . 92 int . corridor -- continuous 92 Sam 1 press down the corridor , Sam 2 tailing right behind he . SAM 2 what , you think tess be back home wait for you ? what about the original Sam ? SAM 1 I be the original ! I be Sam fuck Bell ! me! I ! 49 . Sam 1 , stress ball pump away in he hand , spot gety and angrily face he . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) gerty , be I a clone ? gerty do not know which way to look . gerty yes , Sam . Sam 1 duck in the rec room , Sam 2 in tow . 93 int . rec room 93 Sam 1 take he old seat before the model . Sam 2 stand over he . SAM 2 what about the other clone ? " other clone ? " Sam 1 just stare back . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) yeah , we might not be the first two to be wake up . ( indicate the model ) you say that thing have already be start when you get here . well , who start it ? ( then ) there might be other clone up here right now . think about it . how do I get here so quickly after you crash ? they do not ship I in from Central , there be not time . I must have come from the base . SAM 1 that 's ridiculous . impossible . why would hey do that ? SAM 2 I bet there 's some kind of secret room -- SAM 1 ( laugh ) secret room ? SAM 2 yeah , secret room , why not ? 50 . SAM 1 ( lose he cool ) you be the one who 's lose the plot ! I have be here for three year . I know every inch of this base . I know how many dust fibre be between that wall panel over there -- why would they do that ?! SAM 2 look . it 's a company , right ? they have investor , shareholder -- shit like that . what 's cheaper ? spend time and money training new personnel or just have a couple of spare here to do the job . if they make it through they contract , great . if they do not , hallelujah ! no contract completion fee , no retirement package . just thaw out the spare , and keep the profit roll in . it 's the far side of the Moon , Sam ! the tight fuck 's have not even fix we communication satellite . SAM 1 tess would know . SAM 2 do you really think they give a shit about we ? they be laugh all the way to the bank ! SAM 1 tess would know what 's go on ! she would not let that happen ! SAM 2 ( exhasperate ) there 's some area we do not know about . I be go to find it . Sam 1 shake he head dismissively , pick up the wooden house , start whittling . meanwhile Sam 2 have leave the room . 94 int . monitoring station -- quick cut 94 Sam 2 in the monitor Station check wall panel , reach he hand inside cubby and feel around deep inside , searching . 51 . 95 int . corridor -- quick cut 95 Sam 2 move along the corridor , press he ear against panel , tapping with he finger -- 96 int . sleeping quarter -- quick cut 96 Sam 2 rampage through the sleep quarter , push the bed aside , lift the mattress , go tear through a closet , rip clothes from hanger , check the back panel . 97 int . rec room 97 Sam 2 have come full circle . he shift the ping pong table , go through cabinet in the kitchen , feel inside -- Sam 1 half - whittling , half -watch . SAM 1 I tell you . SAM 2 shut-up ! finally Sam 2 arrive before the model . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) get out of the way . SAM 1 why ? SAM 2 I want to check underneath there . SAM 1 you be not move the model . SAM 2 get the fuck out of my way ! Sam 1 stand , keep he ground . SAM 1 no . Sam 1 be still hold the knife . though he 's not about to use it , both sam be aware that it 's there . suddenly Sam 2 lunge for the knife ; a intense struggle ensue -- teeth clenched , sputtering breaths -- the two sam less clone right now than animal . 52 . Sam 2 be able to loosen Sam 1 's grip on the knife -- fling the weapon across the room -- and swing Sam 1 up against the wall . now Sam 2 turn to face the model . use both hand he lift the model up high over he head and push the entire thing upside down . a massive crash . there be nothing there but the bare table . Sam 1 come up behind Sam 2 with he nose spewing blood , wrap both arm around Sam 2 's neck . Sam 2 elbow he in the rib -- a quick , control jab -- spin around , manage to secure Sam 1 in a arm lock . but suddenly there be no struggle come from Sam 1 : he 's stop fight . Sam 2 remove he from the headlock -- notice he arm be smudged with Sam 1 's blood -- SAM 2 you okay ? Sam 1 have remain bent over , like he 's cast in stone , blood raining from he face and pooling at he foot thick and fast . Sam 2 just stare , as freak as he be baffle . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) I hardly touch you . now he try to help Sam 1 . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) let I see . Sam 1 tear away from he . he look up , he face a mess of blood -- the white of he eye unnaturally bright , shout : SAM 1 get off I ! Sam 1 hold he face with he outstretch hand , as if hold it in place -- stumble from the room -- leak blood the whole way . a concerned Sam 2 watch he go . CUT to : 98 int . bathroom -- moment later 98 Sam 1 spill in and lock the door . he rapidly turn on the faucet and cup he hand to transfer water up to he face -- this go on for a few second . 53. mirror Sam 1 stare at he reflection in the mirror , hold a mound of toilet paper against he nose . the blood flow have subside suddenly Sam 1 see the girl in the mirror . it give he a hell of a fright . the girl remain in the mirror look at Sam 1 . a neutral expression , impassive . Sam 1 take a deep breath , lower the toilet paper from he nose . SAM 1 who be you ? no answer . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) who be you ! Sam 1 swing around to confront the girl ... but she 's not there , she 's vanish . her reflection have vanish from the mirror also . CUT to : 99 int . rec room 99 Sam 2 snap on the tv with the remote , start watch laugh - in , turn , see Sam 1 wander by in the corridor . Sam 2 consider call out to he , opt against it , give the tv he full attention . 100 int . monitoring station 100 gerty be station at the Old man collect data . Sam 1 enter . gerty hello Sam . SAM 1 hi gerty . Sam 1 sit . a pause . gerty turn from the monitor , face of with a exhausted and drained Sam 1 . gerty Sam , be everything okay ? 54 . SAM 1 we have a fight . I and the other guy , the other Sam . we have a fight , gerty . he 's a maniac . you know what he do ? he flip the entire model over . do you know how much work I have put into that thing ? gerty 938 hour . SAM 1 938 hour , exactly . ( then ) really ? 938 hour . gerty approximately . SAM 1 ( a beat ) he scare I , gerty . gerty what be it about Sam that scare you ? SAM 1 he fly off the handle . I see it now ... I see what tess be talk about . ( a beat ) I have never tell you this , gerty , but she leave I . tess leave I . for six month . she move back in with she parent . gerty I know . SAM 1 oh ... ( beat ) it be the year before I come in here . she give I a second chance . I promise she I would change . gerty you have change , Sam . SAM 1 yeah , I guess I have . a beat . 55 . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) gerty , since I have be up here I have send tess over a hundred video message . where do that message go ? do they ever reach she ? a pause . gerty Sam , I can only account for what occur on the base . SAM 1 what about the message she send to I ? a long pause . finally gerty repeat : gerty Sam , I can only account for what occur on the base . SAM 1 gerty , be I really a clone ? gerty Sam , when you first arrive at selene , there be a small crash . you wake up in the infirmary . you suffer minor brain damage and memory loss . I keep you under observation and run some test . SAM 1 I remember . gerty Sam , there be no crash . you be be awaken . ( a beat ) it be standard procedure for all new clone to be give test to establish mental stability and general physical health . genetic abnormality and minor duplication error in the DNA can have considerable impact -- SAM 1 and tess ? Eve ? gerty they be memory implant , Sam . I be very sorry . 56 . Sam 1 nod at this . he 's broken-hearted . he begin to leave . gerty ( cont 'd ) Sam , it 's be several hour since you last meal . can I prepare you something ? SAM 1 no thanks , gerty . Sam 1 exit . CUT to : 101 int . sleeping quarter 101 Sam 1 enter the sleep quarter -- straighten the bed and lie down . he pick up the picture of the pregnant tess , stare at it long and hard . CUT to : 102 int . rec room -- later 102 the tv be off . Sam 2 be sit , arm fold , entrench in gloom . Sam 1 enter and head for the kitchen , prepare himself a snack . Sam 2 be aware that Sam 1 be there , but keep he eye focuss forward , as immobile as a statue . eventually Sam 1 tentatively come over . SAM 1 you okay ? SAM 2 I be stare into space . ( point to the window ) get it ? Sam 1 do get it . he smile to be polite , sit . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) how 's the nose ? SAM 1 better . a beat . SAM 2 listen , I go haywire before . I lose it . I be sorry . 57 . SAM 1 it 's okay . SAM 2 no it 's not okay . I fuck up fairfield -- you model -- that 's unacceptable . I do not know what 's wrong with I . ( then ) I have get a temper . I need to do something about it . SAM 1 yes you do . a pause . SAM 2 I have be think . that rescue unit -- eliza -- they will be here in less than fourteen hour . I do not know about you but I would like to figure out where we stand before they get here . SAM 1 absolutely . SAM 2 ostensibly they be come to deal with the stall harvester . we both know that be not true . ( then ) they be come to dig you body out of that rover . they think you be in there . SAM 1 right . SAM 2 what will they reaction be when they find out you survive the crash ? I be not suppose to find you . lunar instruct gerty to lock I inside the base for Christ 's sake . a pause . Sam 1 think it over . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) and there 's something else . something I have not tell you . ( a beat ) ( more ) 58 . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) right around the time I be awaken ... I walk in on gerty talk to Central . he be have a live conversation . SAM 1 a live conversation ? SAM 2 yeah . SAM 1 that 's not possible . SAM 2 no no no , it be possible . it 's possible because I see it , that 's my point . Sam 2 feel himself lose he temper a little here . he reign himself in . SAM 1 how do you know the conversation be live ? SAM 2 it be a back and forth exchange . and I see Thompson and overmeyer up on the monitor . I be suppose to be asleep in the infirmary . the moment I walk into the comm room gerty terminate the transmission . now I be a little drugge up , grant , but I do not imagine it . SAM 1 the communication equipment be damage -- there be a solar storm -- SAM 2 tabitha . SAM 1 tabitha , right . SAM 2 lunar make it up . maybe . I do not know . bottom line be they do not want we to be able to contact Earth . otherwise why would they have lie to we ? a pause . Sam 1 stare forward , concentrate . Sam 2 concentrate on Sam 1 . 59 . SAM 1 how be they block the live feed ? the base 's communication equipment work fine -- SAM 2 maybe they be not block the signal from inside the base . SAM 1 from where then ? as if read each other mind , the two sam ' head turn to the window -- a slow , perfectly synchronize movement . the lunar landscape , as black and vast as ever . the view almost cruel in its emptiness . it 's not give they any answer , not yet . CUT to : 103 I /e. rover one / moon surface -- day 103 Sam 1 speed along in one of the rover . he wear he space suit and resemble a cosmic racing driver -- shift up a gear , the vehicle flirt with peak speed . he fly past one of the harvesters , speak through a microphone inside he helmet . SAM 1 just pass the last of the harvesters -- look like John -- all of this against the roar of the Rover 's engine . 104 I /e. rover two / moon surface 104 driving away from base in a different direction , Sam 2 . he also wear a space suit . he also gun the engine . he also have a microphone inside he helmet . the two clone be able to talk back and forth with no delay . SAM 2 how long until you be out of the base 's range ? we intercut between the two sam in they rover . SAM 1 if I maintain this speed ... a minute . ninety second top . SAM 2 you ever be this far out ? 60 . SAM 1 no , never . another angle -- second rover view from far away , the Rover 's speed less impressive from a distance . 105 I /e. rover's one and two / moon surface -- intercut 105 as the sam continue to drive . SAM 1 you see anything yet ? SAM 2 nothing . you ? SAM 1 there be not shit out here ... I feel like I be about to drive off the end of the world . ( then ) it would help if I know what I be look for . through the glass of Sam 1 's helmet we see he face suddenly shift . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) wait a second , wait a second . Sam 1 squint and lean closer towards the windshield , like he 's try to decipher a road sign -- SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) I see something . SAM 1's Pov about a hundred foot away -- appear from thin air -- a massive metal pole stretch up into the black sky . SAM 2 what be it ? SAM 1 do not know yet . Sam 1 get closer . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) look like some kind of antenna . 61 . SAM 2 antenna ? really ? ( then ) hang on , look like there 's one on this side too . Sam 2 be indeed approach something similar . Sam 1 stop he Rover about twenty foot from the jammer . he open the Rover 's door and step out to take a closer look . wide shot -- SAM 1 / rover take in the jammer and the adjacent Rover . Sam 1 lope towards the jammer , seemingly in slow motion . the jammer be gigantic -- a intimidating , stark pole stab into the lunar landscape , like the world biggest caber . next to it Sam 1 be tiny , a white dot , as insignificant as a pin prick . Sam 1 and Sam 2 we cut back and forth between the two sam as they both investigate the separate but identical - look jammer . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) I can just make out the top . must be a hundred foot tall at least . it 's huge ! SAM 1 whoever build this thing mean business . they be not fuck around . they voice energized -- they be excited to have make this discovery -- they be not deal with the negative yet . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? SAM 2 its not a antennae , dude . its a jammer . ( look around ) no wonder we can not get a live feed . this thing must be block we signal . suddenly Sam 1 double over . he vomit thick , viscous blood and sick into he helmet . revolting . the noise be audible over the microphone . 62 . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) you okay ? no answer from Sam 1 . he collapse backwards onto the ground . his chest lurch like he 's be punch at from the inside -- he spin over onto he front -- SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) Sam ? Sam 1 manage to climb to he foot -- head slowly back to the Rover -- he dip in , close the door . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) Sam , can you hear I ? SAM 1 yeah , I hear you . ( then ) I be go to head back to base . I be not feel too good . SAM 2 I will stay out here a little longer . I want to see if there be any more of this thing . Sam 1 pull a u-turn and begin he journey back to base . Sam 2 remain out by he jammer , investigate further . CUT to : 106 I /e. SAM 1's rover / moon surface 106 Sam 1 at the wheel . he have pull he helmet off within the safe pocket of the rover cabin . he 's a grizzly mess of splash sick and blood all over he face and chest . Sam 1 scream out with confusion , frustration , terror . SAM 1 fuck ! he seize the steering wheel , shake it fiercely -- beginning to really lose it -- 107 int . dock 107 Sam 1 drive he Rover into the dock -- not with he customary precision -- park at a angle , graze the wall . the Rover 's door jerk open and Sam 1 step out unsteadily , he face visibly pale through the glass of he helmet . 63. he stagger across the dock -- do not even close the Rover 's door behind he -- head into the corridor . 108 int . corridor 108 Sam 1 go swerving up the corridor like a drunkard -- banging into wall -- he finally reach the bathroom and duck in -- 109 int . bathroom 109 Sam 1 sink to he knee before the toilet bowl . with great effort he be able to remove he helmet , place it on the floor next to he . he stare into the toilet . for a moment all be calm . the gentle " ping -ping - ping " of a computer somewhere inside the base . Sam breathe steadily . spot of sweat on he upper lip . and then he vomit . he vomit loud , he vomit violently . his whole body thrust forward in the process , teach , tense , like a dog be yanked on a chain . Sam 1 vomit again . and again . and again . and stop . angle from above -- SAM 1 Sam 1 's vomit be dark red -- he 's throw up blood -- but that 's not all -- we can clearly see two or three teeth float in the vomit -- the mirror Sam 1 stand , move to the mirror , open he mouth wide to look for the miss tooth -- he use he thumb , show he gum -- revealing : yes , he 's lose at least a couple of tooth . he flush the toilet . CUT to : 110 ext . moon -- day 110 Sam 2 drive along in he Rover . he come across another one of this jammer . he drive right up , duck down , peer up through the windshield -- this new jammer be as tall as the other , in fact , it be identical in every way . how many of this thing be there ? 64 . Sam 2 circle the jammer in the Rover , drive on . CUT to : 111 int . monitoring station 111 Sam 1 enter and sit down at the Old man . frantically he start type in number . a array of log entry appear on the screen . Sam watch one of they . SAM 1 ( on screen ) January 12th , lunar hour 8:32 . all harvesters run smoothly today . readouts be as follow : Matthew , 12.7 mile ; Mark 11.9 mile ... this be just he log entry . what 's he look for ? Sam 1 start scrolling back through the log entry , like he 's rewinding chapter on a dvd , show himself at various stage of he time on selene -- he beard essentially grow in reverse as the message stretch further back -- eventually Sam 1 be clean shaven -- SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) ( on the screen ) luke , 12.9 mile ; John , 11.1 mile ... Sam 1 keep type in number . on the screen : " restricted . password require . " no go . he try to hack he way in , but be have no luck . one of gerty 's long spindly arm slide into the room . Sam back away from the intimidating piece of machinery , but it stop within reach of the computer . Sam 1 watch as the arm reach forward and tap the password in for he . it leave the room the way it come in . Sam 1 continue to go further and further back -- and suddenly he pop up on the screen again -- or be it he ? -- this Sam up on the screen have stubble -- no beard -- and look seriously ill -- he be barely able to talk -- in fact he 's slurring -- 65 . SAM ( on screen ) ... John , 15.1 mile ... sorry , I be not feel too hot today -- I be go to have to continue this later -- the sequence become a fast - pace and nightmarish montage -- continue to backtrack through the log entry -- show yet more sam -- one have a moustache -- one have a shave head -- one have grow out he hair and have a pony tail , we have see this particular Sam before in a earlier scene . but all the sam have one thing in common : towards the latter end of they log entry they all appear to be in very bad physical shape -- SAM 4 ... I have get blood come out of my nose ... SAM 5 I do not feel too well , Old man . SAM 6 my hair 's fall out ... look it . Sam 1 search even deeper into the computer and uncover yet more footage . we see the other sam return to Earth -- yet they do not seem to go anywhere -- when they blast off the return vehicle remain in its bay -- Sam 1 view different sam blast back to earth in the return vehicle -- always with the same result -- the return vehicle remain in its bay , the sam seemingly vanishing . in one particularly grainy sequence Sam 1 view gerty open the lid to the cryo pod in the return vehicle and beginning to vacuum what appear to be dust or debris -- Sam 1 understand now that the return vehicle be not a spacecraft , but some kind of incinerator . 112 int . return vehicle 112 Sam 1 head into the return vehicle . its dominate by the cryo pod , use to hold astronaut in a state of cryogenic sleep on they way back to Earth . Sam 1 pop open the lid and start frantically search the chamber for trace of the previous sam , eventually find particle of dust in the crack -- 66 . he close the lid . a video show a technician in a white lab coat begin to play on a screen aim at the glass lid of the pod . it 's mute , but we can hear a tinny version of the audio come from the cryo pod . Sam 1 push a button on the monitor and we hear the audio properly . technician ... relax and breathe deeply . the cryo pod be design to put you into a deep sleep for the duration of you three day return journey back to Earth . as you begin to get sleepy , think about the magnificent job you have do , and how proud you family be of what you have accomplish . relaxing music begin to play . after a moment the music stop . there be a pause . then a almighty pulse of light from the cryo pod . this be how sam past have meet they end . nuke to ash like microwave meal in the cryo pod . Sam 1 inspect the control of the spacecraft to see if it really be a vehicle -- in the process of he search he find himself down on he knee check out the wiring . suddenly Sam 1 's attention be on the floor beneath he . he appear to be kneel on some kind of panel -- like a tablet in the return vehicle 's floor -- he press he ear against the panel -- knock -- the panel sound hollow . cubby Sam 1 open a cubby , swipe something similar to a crow bar , head out of the frame -- return vehicle back in the return vehicle , Sam 1 stand over the panel in the floor . he use the crow bar to prize the panel open -- this take a extraordinary effort -- the panel eventually lifting like a manhole cover . Sam 1 can not believe he eye . at the top of the OPEN panel , lead down into darkness ... there 's a ladder . 113 int . dock 113 Sam 2 return from he tour of the perimeter of the base ; pull up alongside Sam 1 's Rover , have to compensate for he clone 's poor parking job . 67 . 114 int . corridor 114 Sam 2 exit the parking Bay and remove he helmet . down the corridor he see Sam 1 stand outside the return vehicle : face he , wait . SAM 2 I see three more of that jammer . the base be surround . I print out they coordinate -- Sam 2 begin to remove a piece of paper from he pocket , but suddenly stop . he can tell by Sam 1 's expression that something have happen . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) what ? what be it ? SAM 1 I find you secret room . CUT to : 115 int . return vehicle 115 stand over the open panel , a anxious Sam 1 and Sam 2 stare down . SAM 2 who go first ? Sam 1 wordlessly take the lead , crouching slightly to seize the ladder and twist he body down into the hole . he begin to descend . when he be roughly half way down Sam 2 follow . 116 int . lower deck / chamber -- continuous 116 Sam 1 reach the bottom of the ladder . he 's in a dark room , a kind of chamber -- if NASA do crypt , it would look like this . the only light source right now be the come from the return vehicle up above . Sam 2 hop down beside Sam 1 , squint into the darkness . SAM 2 be there a light ? both sam fumble along oppose wall -- Sam 1 eventually find a switch , snap it on . a array of overhead fluorescent bulb begin to stutter and flash before illuminating the chamber completely -- 68 . the two sam can hardly believe they eye : stretch back maybe fifty foot be row and row of pod -- like upright glass coffin -- and stand inside each pod , a as-of - yet unawakened clone . it 's like a entire army of Sam bell ... spooky as hell . for a few moment Sam 1 and 2 be too stunne to speak . they walk to the end of the chamber and back again , look at each clone one at a time -- all the clone be bare chest and wear some kind of white cloth to cover they genitals , like a diaper . of course they all look the same , that 's why they be clone , but this piece of scientific wizardry be mind - boggle to Sam 1 and 2 -- they marvel at how each of the clone be identical in every way , and down to the minutest of detail -- same length of hair , same skin tone , same fingernails -- SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) why be there so many of they ? SAM 1 the cryo pod in the return vehicle be a incinerator . Sam 2 react with appropriate shock . SAM 2 what ? SAM 1 we do not go home . we be burn to death up there . then the company wake up a new one . every three year . like clock work . Sam 2 absorb this . then : SAM 2 how do you know all this ? SAM 1 ( beat ) I hack into the Old man . actually , gerty do . I see footage . you be right , there have be other clone before we . SAM 2 how many ? SAM 1 enough . a pause . 69 . SAM 2 if that rescue unit find the two of we awake at the same time , they will kill we both for sure . Sam 1 do not respond , he 's in he own world . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) what be we go to do ? all of a sudden Sam 1 make a beeline for the ladder , start head back up . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? 117 int . monitoring station -- moment later 117 Sam 1 be digging in drawer , remove some equipment , some wire ; a radio , a small machine call a video phone , refer to as a vp . he be watch by gerty . gerty Sam , can I help you with something ? SAM 1 not now , gerty , okay ? gerty begin to slide out of the room . Sam call after he . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) gerty ? why do you help I ? with the password ? do not that go against you programming or something ? gerty helping you be what I do . gerty leave . Sam 1 go on pick up equipment , shove it all into a backpack he swipe from a peg . now Sam 2 appear in the doorway . SAM 2 what 's go on ? SAM 1 there 's something I have get to do . 70 . Sam 1 brushes by Sam 2 on he way out . 118 int . dock 118 Sam 1 march up to he Rover , toss in the backpack and dip inside without he helmet , close the door and back out into the black day . 119 I /e. SAM 1's rover / moon surface 119 Sam 1 at the wheel , flooring the Rover -- he look possess , determine -- a man on a mission -- wide shot Sam 's Rover approach one of the many jammer that we now know circle the perimeter of the base . Sam 1 stop the Rover on the other side of the jammer . here , outside the range of the jammer , he figure he might be able to get a signal through to Earth . on SAM as he remove he equipment from the backpack and start to uncoil wire -- insert a small battery pack onto the back of the vp , sit the vp on he lap . the vp resemble a play Station portable with its small but nonetheless high - quality screen . Sam be not sure who to contact at first ... finally he enter some number from memory . the vp shaking in he hand . he be nervous , scared . he disable the video mode on he end , so he be only send audio . a moment of silence . the vp seem dead . SAM 1 come on ... come on ... then the vp beeps -- the monitor blip -- the message seem to have go through . and suddenly a girl appear on the screen . Sam 1 can not believe it . it 's the same girl from he hallucination . same wheat - color hair . same freckle dotting she cheek bone . same yellow dress . the moment Sam 1 see the girl he think -- naturally -- that he 's imagine thing again . but then she speak : girl hello ? 71 . that 's never happen before . Sam 1 finally manage to respond : SAM 1 uh , Bell residence ? the conversation have a very slight delay , maybe a second or two , and the girl be not completely clear on the monitor . we assume that this minor technical glitches be the same on the girl 's end . the girl be sweet , chirpy -- nothing like the haunt , ghost - like figure from Sam 1 's hallucination . girl this be the Bell residence . SAM 1 I be try to reach tess Bell . the girl 's expression shift -- now somewhere between melancholy and curiosity -- girl I be sorry , she pass away some year ago . Sam 1 gasp . he literally gasp . like someone just plunge a pare knife into he belly . SAM 1 no ...no way . the girl just stare . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) tess Bell ? be you sure ? girl uh , yeah , I think so . I be she daughter . ( then ) can I help you ? and astonishingly , the news of tess 's death actually take a back seat as Sam 1 be force to confront this new revelation . the girl be eve bell . Sam 1 be talk to he daughter . Sam 1 tilt he head , a smile twitches on he face . SAM 1 Eve ? Sam 1 can not believe it . she 's beautiful . she 's beautiful . 72 . eve bell yes ? a moment . Eve look more closely , try to decipher Sam 1 's face . tear glisten in he eye . SAM 1 ( overwhelm ) hi ... hi. eve. how old be you now ? for a second Eve be embarrassed -- she blushes slightly -- but be still pull in , intrigue . eve bell I be fifteen . ( then ) do I know you ? SAM 1 how do mom die , sweetheart ? eve bell uh ... now Eve be beginning to look spook . she turn away from the screen and call to someone in another room : eve bell ( cont 'd ) dad ! and then we hear a voice . Sam 's voice . sam' voice ( o.s. ) what ! eve bell dad , there 's someone ask about mom ... Sam 's voice sound closer , more succinct , as he come into the room -- but we do not see he yet -- he sound , older . sam' voice who 's ask about mom ? Sam 1 hurriedly shut off the vp . he sit there in the Rover , on the Moon , the middle of nowhere -- hundred and thousand of mile from Earth -- Sam 1 have never feel more alone than he do right now . 73. 120 ext . rover / moon surface 120 the Rover view from outside . we can not hear a thing . just the endless and unrelent moon silence . Inside the Rover we be able to make out Sam 1 , quivering at the wheel as he sob . CUT to : 121 int . comm room 121 close up -- the old man the " ping - ping - ping " of a alarm . appear on the Old man 's monitor : " rescue unit eliza : arrival time , 12 hour and 22 minute . " CUT to : 122 int . rec room -- day 122 Sam 2 be sit before the model . he 's flip it back over and return it to the table top . now he be attempt to fix some of the demolish piece . at this moment he 's glue the spire back on the church . Sam 2 hear a sound from the corridor . moment later Sam 1 appear in the doorway wear the backpack . Sam 1 be beginning to look alarmingly ill . his deplete health have be evident throughout the film , but now it seem to have jump to a new level . he watch Sam 2 for a little while . SAM 1 want I to help ? Sam 2 shift over to give Sam 1 the adjacent chair . Sam 1 walk over , sit down . together they work on glue the church back together . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) remember that crazy drunk guy who use to hang out by the church ? SAM 2 Barbara streisand ? 74 . SAM 1 ( with a smile ) he look like Barbara streisand . we use to hide he Bible when he pass out . drive the guy nut . Sam 2 nod , remember . a pause . SAM 2 how do you carve this thing ? SAM 1 want I to show you ? Sam 2 nod . Sam 1 pick up a block of wood , grab a exacto blade . demonstrate . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) you need to hold the wood away from you . like this . SAM 2 you be shaking . Sam 2 be not kid . though he be carve the block of wood , Sam 1 can not keep it steady . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) why be you shaking ? SAM 1 watch what I be do . ( then ) you watch ? SAM 2 yeah . SAM 1 now you try . Sam 1 hand the wood and exacto blade to Sam 2 . Sam 2 attempt to whittle . he smile , a little embarrassed . SAM 2 I suck . SAM 1 you will get the hang of it . ( a beat ) you see , that 's a little better already . 75 . suddenly Sam 1 turn around and have a vicious cough fit . it actually seem to propel Sam 1 out of he chair and up onto he foot . Sam 2 watch with concern . eventually the cough subside . SAM 2 what 's happen to you ? Sam 1 avert he gaze . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) listen , I realize I have be less than cooperative . but I want to change that . you and I , we need to work together . and that start with not keep secret from each other . ( a beat ) now what 's go on ? Sam 1 tell the truth . SAM 1 I think I be die . Sam 2 stare back at he . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) there 's blood in everything . my urine . my vomit . I have get a constant headache . dizzy spell . ( a beat ) the same thing happen to the other clone . I see it when I hack into the Old man . after three year they all start to get sick . now it 's happen to I . well , it 's be happen for a while now . a couple of week . SAM 2 what do you think it be ? SAM 1 maybe we do not live that long . maybe we start to decompose or something . SAM 2 Jesus . suddenly Sam 1 close he eye -- sways -- look like he 's go to pass out . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) hey hey hey , you okay ? 76 . Sam 2 stand and move to Sam 1 . hold he up , check he temperature . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) why do not you lie down for a while ? take some tranqs . get some sleep . SAM 1 ( grim smile ) no tranqs . I do not think I would ever wake up again . Sam 1 manage a nod . Sam 2 hook he arm around Sam 1 's shoulder , help he from the room . 123 int . sleeping quarter 123 Sam 2 deposit Sam 1 onto the bed . he remove Sam 1 's backpack , ease a pillow under he head . Sam 1 be instantly asleep . Sam 2 pull the comforter over he . Sam 2 begin to leave the room , see Sam 1 's backpack on the floor , the vp stick out of it . curious , Sam 2 grab the vp . flashing on the vp 's screen : " last transmission : 15:14 pm . " CUT to : 124 int . rec room 124 Sam 2 enter the rec room and shut the door . he move to one of the table and sit down , pop on the vp . on the vp monitor we begin to re-watch the conversation between Eve Bell and Sam 1 . obviously we be only see Eve 's face on the screen , but we hear Sam 1 's voice in the background . SAM 1 ( o.s. ) uh , Bell residence ? eve this be the Bell residence . SAM 2 ( comment as he watch ) no you do not ... SAM 1 ( o.s. ) I be try to reach tess Bell . 77 . eve I be sorry , she pass away some year ago . Sam 2 and Sam 1 have exactly the same reaction at the same time . SAM 1 ( o.s. ) SAM 2 no ...no way . no ...no way . SAM 1 ( o.s. ) tess Bell ? be you sure ? eve uh , yeah , I think so , I be she daughter . ( then ) can I help you ? I be she daughter . a couple of day ago Sam 2 do not know he have a daughter , and now he 's see she as a teenager , a young woman . he be stunne . Sam 2 continue to watch the message but we CUT to : 125 int . sleeping quarter -- day 125 Sam 1 fast asleep . Sam 2 watch he from the doorway . 126 int . storage cubby 126 gerty be just continue with he task like nothing be happen . right now he 's stacking ready - meal and miscellaneous lunar snack into neat column . Sam 2 walk up . SAM 2 gerty , I need to talk to you . gerty of course , Sam , how can I help ? SAM 2 we find the hide room . we know about the other clone . a long pause . then : gerty I do not know of a hide room . 78 . SAM 2 the hide room under the return vehicle , gerty . you know what I be talk about . we find it on we own . lunar do not know anything about it . a beat . gerty the lower deck be out of bound to awaken clone -- SAM 2 ordinarily , gerty , but what with there be two of we awake at the same time , and what with the situation be unprecedented , the rule have have to change . do you understand ? gerty I understand the situation be unprecedented . SAM 2 good. ( a beat ) gerty , how long do it take for a clone to wake up ? gerty a clone be awake the moment he pod be open . but he be not fully conscious for several hour . a beat . SAM 2 gerty , we need to wake up a new clone . gerty I be not permit to do that , Sam . SAM 2 if we do not wake up another clone I and the other Sam will die . we will die , gerty . do you understand ? gerty yes . 79 . SAM 2 do you want I and the other Sam to die ? gerty that be the last thing I want . SAM 2 then you have to wake up a new clone . okay , pal ? Sam 2 wait for a response . and wait . CUT to : 127 int . comm room 127 close up -- the old man the " ping - ping - ping " of a alarm . appear on the Old man 's monitor : " rescue unit eliza : arrival time , 6 hour and 19 minute . " CUT to : 128 int . sleeping quarter 128 Sam 1 fast asleep in bed . 129 SAM 1's dream 129 a stretch of green grass dissect by a dirt path . a light breeze . Endless blue sky above . no cloud . no visible sun . 130 int . sleeping quarter 130 back on the sleep Sam 1 . deep breath . eyelid twitching slightly . 131 SAM 1's dream -- continued 131 in the distance , sit beneath a tree on a blanket , we see tess bell . she be remove item from a picnic basket . Sam enter the frame , he back to the camera . he watch he wife for a few moment , maintain he distance . tess look up and see Sam . she lift she hand , wave . 80 . on SAM -- in the dream Sam 's expression be blank at first , but then he smile at tess , wave back . 132 int . sleeping quarter 132 Sam 1's eye open slowly . he 's awake . be he dream a memory ? a premonition ? or be it simply make up ? another angle -- SAM 1 a bleary Sam 1 yawn and stretch he arm over he head . he reach across the bed and rip a couple of tissue from a box of kleenex , blow he nose . afterwards he check the tissue : a thick red goo come out of he nose , the color and consistency of tomato pure . yeah , gross . Sam 1 roll out of bed , plant he foot on the ground . the base seem eerily quiet . too quiet . Sam 1 stand and cross to the door . 133 int . corridor 133 Sam 1 begin to walk leave , down towards the rec room and the monitor Station , but hesitates -- he turn the other way , towards the infirmary , head that way instead . 134 int . infirmary -- continuous 134 lying in one of the infirmary bed , eye close , a network of wire attach to he chest ... Sam . we do not know which Sam it be yet . he be clean shaven . he look like any one of the clone down in the secret chamber ; then again he could just as easily be Sam 2 . and that 's what Sam 1 naturally assume as he enter the infirmary and see he lie there . Sam 1 move closer , curious , until he be stand right at the edge of the bed . Sam 1 reach out he hand to wake he up when there be a voice from the doorway behind : SAM 2 do not touch he . 81 . we suspicion be now confirm . the Sam in the infirmary bed be a new clone . we will call he SAM 3 . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) he 's not conscious yet . gerty and I only wake he up a few hour ago . Sam 1 be not even remotely on the same page . SAM 1 why ? Sam 2 put he finger to he lip . then : SAM 2 come to the rec room . Sam 2 turn and leave . Sam 1 follow slowly , one or two glance at the sleep clone along the way . 135 int . rec room 135 we cut straight to the rec room and the conversation between Sam 1 and Sam 2 . SAM 2 when the rescue unit arrive they will expect to find a body in the crash Rover , right ? ( a beat ) we have get we body . SAM 1 ( point towards the infirmary ) that guy ? Sam 2 nod . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) they will expect to find a dead body in the crash Rover . SAM 2 I know . SAM 1 ( stunne ) you be go to kill he ? SAM 2 someone 's get to pull the short straw here , better someone who 's unconscious than you or I . 82. Sam 1 simply digest the gravity of Sam 2 's plan . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) if we go through with this , I be go to need you help haul he out to the crash site . SAM 1 what about we ? eliza arrive , find you and I as the welcome party -- SAM 2 they be not go to find you and I as the welcome party , they be go to find I . you be go to blast back to Earth before they get here in one of the helium 3 container . ( a beat ) you be go home . Sam 1 be not expect that . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) you have do you three year . I can not expect you to stick around . maybe you can meet Eve in person . a beat . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) I see the message on the vp . Eve be beautiful . she look like she mom . Sam 1 realize that Sam 2 know everything . there be no secret between they now . they both absorb the impact of know tess be dead . finally : SAM 1 how do you think she die ? SAM 2 I do not know . ( then ) Jane die of cancer . I mean , it be in the family . who know ? or maybe it be a accident ? could have be a million thing . SAM 1 I wish I would be there . 83. SAM 2 yeah . I too . the two sam sit together , UNITED by they grief . CUT to : 136 ext . moon base -- day 136 shot of selene from across the lunar plane . the base look almost peaceful . no evidence of the drama go on inside . 137 int . corridor 137 the two sam be testing out the cargo container to see if they plan be go to work and Sam 1 can actually fit inside . this container be design to carry cannister of helium 3 , not to accommodate human being . Sam 1 look in increasingly bad shape . blanket drape around he shoulder -- gaunt , bob , shiver . SAM 2 go for it . Sam 1 hunch and slowly insinuate himself into the container -- yes , he fit , but it 's tight , like really tight -- Sam 1 can anticipate one hell of a stiff neck by the time he step out onto terra firma . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) comfy ? SAM 1 no . Sam 2 chuckle . SAM 2 but you fit . that 's good . you fit . with a heave Sam 2 pull Sam 1 from the container . CUT to : 138 int . infirmary -- day 138 gerty be run test on the unconscious Sam 3 . 84 . Sam 1 and Sam 2 stand on opposite side of the room . both clone seem uneasy . they can not look at each other . they can not look at Sam 3 . they eye roam every inch of the room just about before finally settling on gerty . regardless of Sam 3 be unconscious , be they really go to kill he ? CUT to : 139 int . comm room 139 Sam 2 sit at the comm unit recording the message , a smile plaster on he face , as wide as it be fake . SAM 2 Sam Bell report to Central . 19:14 Pacific time . lunar Day 14 . ( a beat ) even overmeyer , evening Thompson ! accord to the Old man rescue unit eliza will be here in just over three hour . not a moment too soon ! I never think I would say this , but I want to get out there , I want to work . I feel like a kid who 's be ground . look forward to eliza straighten everything out and thing get back to normal around here . well ... that 's it . I will let you know how it go . over and out , gentleman . Sam 2 send the message , he smile instantly collapsing . he mutter under he breath : SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) bastard . 140 int . sleeping quarter -- day 140 Sam 1 be sit on the edge of he bed hold the photograph of the pregnant tess -- stare with great concentration -- almost penetrative -- like he 's try to will himself into the photograph . we find out what 's run through he head , cut to : 141 SAM 1's dream 141 Sam 1 have go back to he dream -- or he vision -- of tess sit on the picnic blanket beneath the tree . 85 . Sam and tess continue to wave to one another . Sam have not move . tess call out : tess come on ! suddenly we hear a voice . SAM 2 ( o.s. ) Sam ? 142 int . sleeping quarter 142 Sam 2 be stand at the door . Sam 1 look up at he . SAM 2 we need to do it . we need to do it now . he will be conscious any minute . ( a beat ) we have be put it off for long enough . Sam 1 stare back at Sam 2 with defiance . SAM 1 we do not have to do anything . I change my mind . Sam 2 be not follow . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) I be not go back . ( a beat ) I be cough up blood , I be as white as a ghost . I look like I belong in a graveyard . I meet Eve now , I will scare the shit out of she more than anything else . d' you think she will even come within ten foot of I , the way I look ? SAM 2 what be you talk about ? she 's you daughter , man ! she 's not go to care what you ... SAM 1 ( angry ) she 's not ! she 's not ... my daughter . at least , I be not she father . not to she . Sam 2 keep quiet . 86 . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) I will put myself in the Rover , I will be the body -- it be I to begin with anyway , right ? you go back to Earth . you go back . you be healthy . you have get three year ahead of you . you stand a much better chance than I do . the other guy .... gerty can get he up to speed ... he can be here to meet eliza when they arrive . Sam 1 seem to have it all figure out . although Sam 2 should in some way be relieved by Sam 1 's decision , he look closer to distraught . SAM 2 this be wrong . what be we suppose to do ? sit around here and wait to die ? fuck that ! SAM 1 I do not know . ( beat ) it 's what we be design to do . both sam struggle to hold in they emotion ; Sam 1 morose , Sam 2 angry . SAM 2 screw that ! I will go ! ... and I be go to find this asshole , Sam Bell , and ask he why the hell he put we through this shit ! Sam 1 look concerned . Sam 2 read he mind . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) I will be careful . I will keep Eve out of it . she wont even know I exist . Sam 1 smile wearily , watch he old self . SAM 1 you be a good guy , Sam . SAM 2 I might stop shave ; it suit we . ( beat ) if all we memory be implant , no disrespect , but I think its about time I get some of my own , as well . 87 . SAM 1 yeah . you should travel . I have always want to do that . SAM 2 I would like that . CUT to : 143 i/e. rover / moon surface -- day 143 driving to the crash site . Sam 2 at the wheel , Sam 1 riding shotgun . both man stare ahead in silence . matthew where all the trouble really start . Matthew , the stall harvester , with the crash Rover still trap beneath it . the crash site be beginning to resemble some old underwater shipwreck . the Rover enter the frame , beginning to slow down as it approach the crash site . Sam 2 roll the Rover to a standstill about ten foot from the front of the harvester . 144 I /e. rover / moon surface -- moment later 144 Sam 2 keep the engine run as Sam 1 take a handful of tranquilizers one by one , wash down each pill with a swig from a bottle of water . afterwards : a long pause . the two sam sit side by side , stare across the bleak landscape . neither of they want to say good - bye particularly . SAM 1 tess come in for the interview , remember ? Sam 2 be nodd away . of course he remember . SAM 1 ( cont 'd ) she be so beautiful . even if she be not the best candidate , I just know I have to give she the job . I think she be so sweet . ( a beat ) and then it be the end of the summer . SAM 2 she be go back to San Francisco . ( more ) 88. SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) you know you have to take a chance . so you call she . you be terrify and write that whole speech for she answer machine -- ( a beat ) but I do not need it because tess answer the phone . and I could tell in she voice as we talk , she be think ... " why have Sam call I ? " " the internship 's over , why 's he call I at home ? " and then I ask she if she be go to adrian fiddle 's barbecue and ... Sam 1 have drop off to sleep . the back and forth exchange be now essentially Sam 2 's monologue . SAM 2 ( cont 'd ) that 's when I know she like I . because she do not want to talk to anyone else ! she would get up , get some potato salad , go to the bathroom , but she would always come back . and then we kiss . on the step in front of she apartment building . Sam 2 finally turn and look at Sam 1 . Sam 1 's head cocked to one side , eye close . Sam 2 lift the helmet off Sam 1's lap -- carefully lower the helmet onto Sam 1 's head . 145 i/e. rover / moon surface 145 Sam 2 lope towards the crash rover hold Sam 1 in both arm like a bride . he place Sam 1 on the ground and prine open the rover door -- he slowly slide Sam 1 inside . Inside the Rover Sam 1 lie with he head jamme awkwardly against the passenger side door . at once he look peaceful and wretchedly uncomfortable . Sam 2 can barely bring himself to look at Sam 1 . with both hand he force the door close , pivot around and slowly bob back to he rover . 146 i/e. rover / moon surface -- moment later 146 Sam 2 drive back to base . he have remove he helmet and be brush tear from he eye with he glove . CUT to : 89 . 147 int . comm room 147 close up -- the old man the " ping - ping - ping " of a alarm . appear on the Old man 's monitor : " rescue unit eliza : arrival time , 1 hour and 40 minute . " CUT to : 148 int . infirmary -- later 148 gerty be continue to run test on Sam 3 . Sam 2 enter . he carry the freight exhaustion of a man who have just complete a long and difficult journey . SAM 2 how long before he 's conscious , gerty ? gerty the new clone will be conscious within one hour . SAM 2 that 's good . that 's very good . gerty Sam ? where be Sam ? SAM 2 he 's go home , gerty . Sam 2 leave . 149 int . monitoring station -- day 149 Sam 2 be load oxygen canister into the cargo container in preparation for he trip back to Earth . Sam 2 work fast , a sense of urgency . eliza will be there in a mere 90 minute ! it 's come down to the wire . gerty glide in as he work . gerty Sam , this be not go to work . SAM 2 what ? why not ? 90 . now Sam 2 load food into the cargo container -- moon snack , ration , etc . -- and bottle of water . his final addition be a 5 kilo load of precious helium3 ; a good 15 million dollar worth ! gerty if the rescue unit examine my memory bank they will discover what have take place over the last week . as you know I record everything . if they be suspicious , the first thing they will do be search my memory bank , and this would put you in considerable danger . Sam 2 straighten up , give gerty he full attention now . this be serious . it could ruin everything . the fact that gerty have bring it up indicate that the robot 's loyalty lie ultimately with Sam . gerty ( cont 'd ) I recommend erase my memory bank . I can reboot myself once you have depart . SAM 2 so that 's what we be go to have to do . ( beat ) be you ok with that ? gerty I will require you assistance , Sam . SAM 2 sure , just let I finish this . Sam 2 continue he work . CUT to : 150 int . infirmary -- day 150 Sam 3 asleep in bed , very close to consciousness . CUT to : 151 i/e. crashed rover / moon surface 151 Sam 1 inside the crash rover , resembling a wild animal pin in a trap . he 's still breathe . 91 . SAM 1's dream once again we see tess beneath the tree sit on the blanket . she look over at Sam , continue to wave . tess come on , Sam ! Sam Bell ! come on ! Sam begin to walk towards tess . 152 i/e. crashed rover / moon surface 152 back on Sam 1 . the glass of he helmet be beginning to mist with blood . Sam see a sliver of the sun as he dawns on he side of the moon . he close he eye for the last time . CUT to : 153 int . infirmary -- later 153 Sam 2 stand before gerty . SAM 2 I have set you computer to reboot the second I have blast off . gerty okay , Sam . SAM 2 thanks for all you help , gerty . I wish I could say I be go to miss you , buddy , but to be honest , I can not wait to get away from here . gerty I understand , Sam . I hope life be everything you remember it to be . SAM 2 thanks . be you sure you be go to be ok ? gerty of course . the new Sam and I will be back to we programming as soon as I have finish reboot . SAM 2 gerty , I be not program . 92 . gerty do not respond . Sam 2 seem troubled . Sam 2 lean forward and activate the memory erase button . gerty 's readout screen begin to twitch and flash with random data -- then slowly fade to black . the robot have be officially shut down . gerty just stand there . completely still . as lifeless as a toy . Sam 2 head out of the room at top speed . 154 ext . moon surface 154 shot of luke , the third of the harvesters , head across the lunar plane . 155 int . monitoring station 155 Sam 2 pause at the window ... look for eliza . the rescue unit be so close Sam 2 might actually be able to pick out they spacecraft . and he can ! it 's tiny , but nevertheless it 's there -- a metallic spacecraft , glint like a jewel -- and head steadily towards the Moon . there be not a moment to lose . Sam 2 swing around , head for the cargo container . we remain inside the monitor Station as Sam 2 climb inside the cargo container he ready himself . say a little prayer and ... he cant do it ! cursing at himself and glance at the time tick away before eliza land , he jump back out of the cargo container and run back into the base . CUT to : 156 int . monitoring station 156 Sam 2 sit down before the Old man . eliza 's imminent arrival cause increase stress and tension . Sam 2 take out the piece of paper on which the coordinate of the jammer be print out . he start to frantically type , alter the path of the harvester . 93. 157 ext . MARK 157 Mark trundle along at half - speed . the harvester suddenly change direction -- veer sharply to the leave and head up over a steep slope . CUT to : 158 int . monitoring station 158 back on Sam 2 as he rapidly type , make a error , scream : SAM 2 fuck ! pound the delete button , continue to type coordinate into the Old man -- he 's do ! he leap out of he chair and tear off through the base towards the cargo container . CUT to : 159 ext . wide shot -- the moon 159 as eliza 's spacecraft set its sight on selene , we see the cargo container rocket through the sky in the opposite direction . CUT to : 160 int . moon base selene / quick shot 160 for a few moment all be quiet inside the base . the " ping - ping - ping " of the Old man . the grind gurgle of a computer readout . this sequence echoe the tour at the very start of the film , but the base have a decidedly different feel to it now . it 's like a abandon house . CUT to : 161 int . comm room 161 close up -- the old man on the monitor : " rescue unit eliza : arrive . " 94 . 162 ext . eliza' spacecraft / moon surface 162 a box shape spacecraft , all menace and angle , slowly descending towards the lunar surface . CUT to : 163 int . infirmary -- later 163 gerty sit lifeless . we hear the sound of pressure door open . unrecognize voice as the landing crew enter the base , call for Sam . gerty come to life . his principal monitor pop on and he pincer- like hand begin to twitch . his readout screen stream with data . gerty 's head begin to swivel leave and right -- as if he 's awoken with a stiff neck -- eventually he sees Sam 3 , cross to he . just like that , gerty continue he routine check of Sam 3 -- study Sam 3 's heartbeat , he brain activity -- the robot literally pick up where he leave off . and then Sam 3's eye open . he be awake . he blink at gerty , cloudy , groggy . SAM 3 where be I ? gerty Sam , you be in the infirmary . you have a accident . Sam 3 stare ahead , try to dig up the memory . gerty ( cont 'd ) do you remember what happen ? SAM 3 no , gerty . ( a beat ) I do not remember a thing . we hear heavy footstep and voice closer now , just outside the infirmary . CUT to : 95 . 164 ext . MARK / jammer / moon surface 164 a close up of MARK as the harvester churn along and slam into a jammer with full force . the jammer wobble unsteadily from the impact , before finally toppling over , hazing the air with lunar dust . CUT to : 165 ext . cargo container /space 165 the cargo container bulleting through space , fire blast from its jet like the petal of a exotic flower . CUT to : 166 int . cargo container 166 Sam 2 be seriously cramped inside one of the helium 3 container , about as comfortable as a pony in a dog kennel , but nonetheless whooping raucously at the sheer velocity of the container -- as well as , and perhaps even more so , the fact that he have successfully escape the base . he 's go home . CUT to : 167 i/e. crashed rover / moon surface -- day 167 Sam 1 have stop breathe . the sun shine on he face . 168 sam' dream 168 Sam walk towards tess . he sit down in front of she on the blanket . a beautiful picnic be spread out before they . tess have never look so radiant , so beautiful . Light from the sky pour into she upturn face . tess what take you so long ? Sam just smile back at she . she hand he a bottle of wine and a corkscrew . camera pan upward -- not a cloud in sight -- but we be just able to pick out the chalky outline of the moon , resembling a white thumb print in the blue sky . 96 . hold this shot of the Moon for a few second before we fade to black . 169 int . comm room 169 on the comm unit monitor there be a blast of static , follow by a flashing message : " live feed available . " the end