motherless brooklyn written for the screen by Edward norton from the novel by Jonathan lethem White 1-30 - 18 Blue revision current pink revision 12-15-18 int / ext lionel car - harlem ST - day 1 cc.u. a loose thread ... hang off the sleeve of a sweater . a arm and a wrist rest on a seat knee . the knee start to jiggle and then ... finger pluck at the thread , try to snap it off then smooth it down . pull it out further , more thread unravel . a disaster ... voice [ coney ] ( 0.s. ) quit pullin at it . you be gonna make a fuckin’ mess outta thing . lionel I get thread in my head ! I get thread in my head ! I got thread in my head , man ! two guy in the front : lionel essrog and gilbert coney . coney be a big lug in a porkpie hat . lionel medium build , wiry . both late 30' . they do not look like p.i. 's but that 's what they be . lionel sit shotgun . he 's a hypnotize array of tourettic twitches and tics . coney stuff little White castle in he mouth and watch he , deadpan . lionel 's pull a foot of thread off he cuff before coney reach for he pocketknife ... coney like I say , a fuck mess . ( cut it off ) Jesus , freakshow . ruin another sweater . lionel sit on it , Bailey ! if ! this be lionel . word be the fuel for the boil pressure - cooker of he obsessive - compulsive brain . coney ignore the outburst , use to it . look at he watch and we CUT : wider : the car be park on a side street . kid play football in the cold down the block . we 're in harlem ... ( it 's 1957 ) back on lionel : eye down the street , watchful and sharp . he open he wallet and flash check it . ( bill all in sequence and face the same direction . ) pull out a stick of gum , refold the wrapper and put in back in the pack , fold the gum perfectly like origami ... all while watch for : pink revision 2 . lionel 's Pov : way off down the block a figure approach . lionel : sharpen up . a flicker of a grin . quickly stack he gum piece in a neat row on the dash . tap tap tap ... at the window . a trim black trenchcoat . a smile face under a cool hat , upturn collar against the cold . now that 's what a p.i. look like and this one be : frank minna . lionel roll the window down . minna boy . coney boss . lionel heya , Frank . frankly frankady franko ! lionel reach out and tap minna twice on the shoulder . a affectionate compulsion . Frank do not even notice it anymore . he light a cigarette . minna okay listen ... here 's the shot ... I will be third floor . lionel go to the payphone on the corner in 20 minute . when they come .. probably three or four of they ... when they come , you call I here ... ( hand he a number ) I 'il buzz they in . coney wait on the door , I buzz he in and he stay right inside . lionel 's listen sharp on the line . if you hear I say '' then we have a problem '' hustle over , coney let you in , two of you come upstairs and back I up quick , okay ? coney what 's go down here , Frank ? minna ( pause ) I gotta keep this one under my hat , boy . lionel fat cat in hat ! pink revision 3. minna they 's the one , pal . let 's catch a big score and get outta this game , get fat ourselves . he wink at lionel . lionel notice a little sweat on minna 's brow despite the cold . coney boss , we be not carry . minna what ? coney a piece . I do not have a piece . minna a piece ? say ' gun 's , Gilbert . coney I get no gun . minna that 's what I count on . that 's how I sleep at night , you with no gun . I have get a gun . you just show up . I would not want you chucklehead come up a stairway for I with a hairpin . with a harmonica . lionel hairy chin . harmony harp . do not wind I up . minna ( smile at lionel ) with a unlit cigar . with a fuck chicken wing . right , Brooklyn ? lionel chicky wing ding ! ( grin ) seriously , do not throw I off . give we the rest of it . minna right . now , if I say '' lemme use the can . '' it mean we be come out . get gil , get in the car and get ready to follow . and stay tight , I might need to give someone the slip , get it ? pink revision 4 . lionel ' Problem 's - up the stair , ‘use the can n’- start the car . get it . get , get , get , gotcha ! minna lionel 's get it . just follow he lead . coney ( protest ) you gotta be kid I ... minna coney what do I say when I come into the office last Tuesday ? coney huh ? minna lionel ? lionel ( like a machine ) take you coat off , put you hat on the 3rd hook . '' I just stand next to a girl on the ferry and the smile she give I will get I through this winter '' threw Danny you notebook . '' how 's a guy suppose to keep a marriage together when 22 be on the menu ? '' minna ( nod ) like I say , lionel 's on point . and he head across the street int / ext same car - 20 minute later 2 coney be read the paper , lionel be lock on the street and the door . lionel be carefully fold a stick of gum exactly in half before put it in he mouth . coney ( grumble ) another minna classic . freezin 's we ass off , do not even know the score . pink revision 5 . lionel what you get big plan this weekend , coney ? coney Island ! coney Island hot dog ! get you coney Island hot dog right here ! ! coney alright , freakshow , just a little quieter please ... lionel look at he watch . second hand hit the 12 and he hit coney in the arm . lionel ( cont would ) we be on . get ready . lionel hop out of the car and head for a payphone . int . harlem apt / ext harlem ST / payphone ( intercut ) - day 3 c.u. : a phone , ringing on top of a dresser ... minna' hand reach in and pick it up and off the screen . minna yeah . lionel hey , boss . ( mute ) boss , boss , boss , bossy ... minna you keep it together , Brooklyn ? lionel yeah ... it 's under control . I get my gum . I get ya cover . minna I know it . okay , like we say , stay tune in , pal . I be might need that head of yours later . lionel sees : two big black car pull up down the STREET two man get out of each and converge on the sidewalk in front of the building . one of they be a giant man in a dark coat ... easily 7'0 '' . lionel hey . they be on the way , Frank pink revision 6 . in the apartment a door buzzer sound . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) ( reacting to the giant ) Jesus ... everything cool , boss ? minna cool as can be . just a little chat . close on : the dresser as minna open the top drawer and put the phone down inside with the receiver still off the cradle . leave the drawer OPEN a crack so lionel can listen in ... on lionel : look over to ... the door . the four guy get buzze in . lionel lean out and wave to coney who hustle out of the car and to the door , buzze , enter , give thumb up . lionel fold up a handkerchief and rubber band it to the phone mouthpiece . he close he eye to focus and listen . ( we see the meeting in the apartment as imagined by lionel , and the action on the street around he and over all this there 's no SOUND but what lionel hear through that phone receiver in the dresser . ) muffled and break , he hear : footstep and a door OPEN minna ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) gentlemen ... thanks for come . cu -- Ice drop in a glass just above the phone . minna ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) drink ? lou when I want a drink I will finda bar and a blonde , now explain this crap . SOUND -- a file slapping down on a table lionel 's Pov : kid play on the street . minna well , which part do not you understand ? pink revision 7. lou how about the part where you get the idea to go poke around after some color broad for starter . cu : lionel mouth ' color broad 's silently to himself then -- lionel ( into he sleeve ) cold wig on a rod } ! minna she work for the committee . lou she 's a fuck secretary . we tell you to dig on horowitz ... find something we can shut they down with . cu : lionel mouth '' horowitz '' minna there 's nothing there . unless you be dumb enough to try to wave that old Red flag of yours one more time . ( silence ) yeah , right . so , if you want to know what 's go in that report , that ' color broad 's be do most of the legwork on Hamilton for ‘em . and what she 's sniff around I be sure be of concern to you gentleman , so I put some time into that too . cu : lionel mouth ' Hamilton report 's lieberman you look in some funny place . minna what can I tell ya ? I be a snoop , that 's what I do . it 's call be thorough , Lou . lou it 's call waste we time . this be fuck chinese . minna if you need a road map to wipe you ass I can not help you , Lou . ( more ) pink revision 8. minna ( cont 'd ) this gentleman understand it or they would not be here . lieberman ( quiet - the leader ) walk we through it , Mr. minna , just to be sure we be very clear . minna ( pick up something ) it 's right here in ink , mo--- a cop car pop its siren to clear the kide and then siren out onto the avenue . lionel , clutches the phone to he chest , desperate to muffle the sound . a agonizing 10 second lose . exasperate , lionel finally get back on ... minna ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) ..- anybody like to offer a different interpretation ? a long silence . lieberman none of this can be prove . minna that signature be the real deal . lieberman if you know the man , you have know why that seem highly implausible to I . minna I check it against other . it 's he John hancock . and the paper trail back it up . Lay that on top of the rest of what I have include here and I think we can all agree you be sit on a powder keg . lieberman and you think horowitz know all of this ? a pause . pink revision 9 . minna nope . or you would already be eat shit . it have be in the paper the next day . lieberman the girl : she marry , get family ? minna it 's all in my file ... she mother 's dead . no brother or sister . lieberman what about she father ? minna ( laugh ) Lou you be Mr straight talk . why do not you go ask he and see what he say . lou you think this be funny ? minna no , Lou , just ironic . there 's a difference . look it up . Father 's a bust up vet . he run a club up here ... a jook joint . drink too much . lieberman Mr minna , I will assume you be aware of what occur a week from Thursday ? minna I be . lieberman so then you understand we firm determination to keep such information out of the hand of we detractor ? minna sure . nature of the game . lieberman this be all photo . May I hope you be in possession of the original ? pink revision 10 . minna I be . lieberman excellent . we will need to get that from you . minna I figure as much . I think we might talk about term . lieberman term ? minna I think it 's fair to say that the initiative involved in secure this ... asset ... go a good bit beyond the original scope of work in we arrangement . lou ... the fuck be you talkin’ ? minna I be think a bonus ... for take a wild card off the table before it get in the game . lieberman I see . and what do you have in mind ? a small sound -- a piece of paper be unfold ? lionel can not hear ... he 's nervous . lionel 's Pov : cop car way down the street ; a black guy ( billy rose ) walk by light a smoke , look across the street and move on ; coney in the door lou have you lose you mind ? minna let 's not kid each other fella . you get the biggest gravy train this century pull out . I be ask for a seat in the rear here . lieberman that 's quite impossible . pink revision 11 . minna I would double this at any paper in town . there be a sudden deadly silence . lionel sense it . lou I be gonna pretend you do not say what you just say and we be gonna - minna just a observation . I be here in good faith . just assess the value ... lou you can forget it -- minna jeez Lou , what 's you beef with a guy get pay for good work ? I mean you get pay for do nothing as far as I can --- uhhnh ! a thud . lionel freeze . deep voice ( giant ) watch it . lou be you fuckin’ packin 's !? minna ( wind ) Jesus , take it easy ... have it since the war . remember that thing some of we fight in ? a scuffle lieberman enough ! Lou ...a word ... it go quiet ... whisper conference that lionel strain to hear . minna oh come on fella , do not get ina twist , it 's just busi ... pink revision 12 . lieberman ( evenly ) Mr. minna , we do appreciate the service you have render . this gentleman will take you to get the original and if all be in order we will arrange a appropriate resolution for you . minna ( accommodate ) sure , of course ... like I say , good faith . just lemme use the can first ... lionel hear the signal and go into high gear . he hang up the phone and turn to exit , then turn back and hang it up again , then dash out ... ext harlem STREET / int lionel car - day 4 ... and run across street , signal at coney in the door , who see he come , get the message and hustle out and over to ... the car ... they both tumble in . lionel purple hitter ! coney what ? lionel they hit he ! it sound like they hit he ! coney for chrissake , freakshow ! what be we do here ? he start to get out but lionel stop he . lionel no . he say '' lemme use the can '' we be suppose to follow he . can the man ! they look across to ... the doorway minna and the four men come out . the giant and minna move a step or two off while a smaller man ( lou ) confer briefly with the other two , whose face be obscure . pink revision 13. lou nod and they all split . the two men , still not clearly see , turn and hurry off the opposite direction into a wait car . the giant and lou move minna toward the front car . minna look okay ... be he hold he side a little ? he 's definitely be escort to the car . he move as if to turn toward they but the giant take he by the elbow and herd he forward . minna shake off the guy 's hand . on lionel and coney coney I do not like it ... lionel I neither , let 's go . they pile out of the car , gil have to wait as the second black car go by , lose a step on ... lionel , move up the sidewalk fast , now directly across the street as Frank get push into the back seat of the first black car cc.u . - lionel stare across at ... frank , who see he and stare back . be he nodd ? do he want help ? what be that look on he face ? hard to tell ... he could be shaking he head to back off ... and then the other guy get in , block he , the car pull out and he 's go ... lionel and coney scramble into the car , gil at the wheel . he revs it , clip the fender of the car park in front of they . coney this fuck guy ! lionel eat I mister dickey -weed ! that get even coney to look over for a second as they squeal out into ... ext harlem side STREET / int lionel car - continuous - day5 wide as the car blast recklessly down the block Inside the car : with lionel and coney as they race , try to catch up . lionel now highly agitate , look to spot the other car , look leave up the Avenue pink revision 14 . lionel left ! left ! lefty louie lick I ! coney rip the wheel ... ext harlem ave intersection / int car - continuous - day 6 wide : they car fishtail , screeching onto the northbound avenue ... the black car visible up the block now . inside : car whipping by as coney weave to get up alongside , lionel look past coney out the driver 's side window lionel slow down ... slow down . and suddenly they be ease directly alongside the other car lionel / coney Pov : frank sit between the man , glance over lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) look out !! coney snap forward and slam on the brake , throwing lionel into the dash as the other car whip ahead and ... wide : they car skid to a stop a inch from the bumper of a cab stop at a light . minna 's car be force to a stop too at the red light , car crossing in front inside : lionel rip open the door ... ext harlem avenue - stoplight 7 lionel run past the car in front of they and cut across in front of it , right into the path of a oncoming car that slam on its brake , almost bouncing he off its hood , but he never stop , cut up the lane toward ... the black car . but just as lionel get within a few stride of it ... the light goe GREEN and the black car surge forward he curse even as the car that almost hit he blare at he , force past ... but here 's coney pulling up . lionel rip OPEN the door and we smash CUT to : 10 pink revision 15 . ext avenue leading to bridge / int lionel 's car - day 8 Racing up the avenue in the leave lane , they can not see the black car anywhere up ahead . lionel we lose he ! Hidden beyond a truck in the right lane up ahead , the black car suddenly appear , make a hard right and racing off under the structure of a massive bridge ... coney almost blast past , but rip the turn from the middle lane , force another car to brake , horn blaring . and now they can see the car up ahead , whipping under the bridge toward a dark turn ahead ... coney where 's he go ? lionel the ramp ... he 's go to queen . queenieconeyqueenieconeyqueenie ! they follow fast and rip down into the dark ... ext . on ramp to the triborough bridge - continuous 9 lionel and coney 's car careen up the curve of a on-ramp ext . triborough bridge toll booths - continuous 10 .».. car back up in three open lane and they roll to a stop . lionel again rip open he door as they stop , stand up next to the car in time to see ... two lane over to the right , the black car break right out of the lane and head for a empty lane mark ' authorized vehicle only 's , as_a toll officer step into that booth . the driver of the black car flash something at the guard and the car be waved through . lionel Son of a bitch ! he go back inside but they be box in and be channel into a booth . lionel hit coney in the arm . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) quacker ! quoter ! quarter ! 11 12 pink revision 16 . coney what ?! lionel we need a quarter ! they scramble for the toll . coney find one and practically throw it at the guy , barrel through the booth . ext . triborough bridge / int . lionel 's car - day 11 aerial view : they car blast around slower move car on the bridge , revealing the east river and the new york skyline with the late afternoon sun in we eye . lionel 's eye : frantically search , desperate ... lionel be tapping coney 's shoulder manically . lionel do not lose they ! Jesus , coney , come on ! coney what can I do ?! guy have a fuck pass ! Pov : the black car far ahead now , exite onto a off-ramp . horn go off everywhere as they weave and force they way through car , put lionel 's tic and shout into overdrive . lionel horny horn ! honk I , bailey ! ext . industrial street - queen - late afternoon 12 Bridge loom above , the car barrel straight at we down a side street lionel 's eye find -- tire mark , turn left . lionel there , go leave ! lefty loosy lionel ! the car rip a leave turn onto wider industrial avenue . the street be pretty desolate over here ... a lot of warehouse there car move down the STREET , lionel looking right , coney left ... 13 pink revision 17 . coney they gotta be somewhere . lionel I would say they be somewhere , gil , yes ! where ? Pov : industrial warehouse , sidestreet whipping by ...- and as they cross one , all in a flash , lionel sees -- ext . industrial street / int car - queen 13 lionel Pov : frank . running toward they ... hand outstretch ... behind he -- the giant , out of the car , aiming a gun -- they whip past this view and hear : bang ! bang ! gunshot lionel go back !! coney jam on the brake . reverse , grind gear ... the street come back into view ... as they turn into it they see ... the giant , stride toward a pile of trash , raise a .45 in he glove hand , point down . he look up as coney squeal to a stop 20 yard away . lionel jerk open the door and shout ... the giant whip the gun up and pop off a shot and lionel duck as it thunks into the edge of he door . angle on : two worker poke they head around the corner and see what 's go on . one bolt lou ( see this - to giant ) C ‘’mon !! the giant drop the gun on the STREET , jump into the black car , tire squealing as it race off and disappear around a corner ... lionel pop up and scan the alley ... Pov : a pile of trash with a leg stick out 14 pink revision 18 . lionel frank ! he dash around the nose of the car and over to find ... minna : shot through the back and the gut , bleeding on the ground , face ashen , hat fallen off ... lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) Jesus , Frank . minna wanna help I outta here please ? lionel try to prop he up . coney pull the car up , look out he window coney oh , shit ... lionel help I . coney pile out and open the rear door . lionel lift Frank under the arm , coney he leg but he drop one of he foot minna aah ! Jesus coney , you lug wrench ! lionel climb in , pull minna across the back seat minna ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) do not leave my hat ! coney Frank , forget -- minna just get my hat you big oaf !! get my gun too ! coney turn back and grab the hat , throw it into the car , slam the rear door and jump into the driver seat , leave the door open . he roll forward , scoop up Frank 's gun on the move , slam the door and gun it . int . lionel car / ext queen street - late afternoon 14 blast down the street lionel head for the hospital . hospitable herpetologist ! pink revision 19 . coney I do not know around here ! minna mercy Hospital ! straight up mcguinness , you cabbagehead ! Frank be bleed into he shirt but seem reasonably okay . lionel bark three time loudly . minna smile . minna ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) easy , pal ... hey , take my wallet and watch and leave they in the car . do not want they steal at the hospital . coney fuck happen , Frank ? minna take they on a goose chase and try to slip they ... lionel we shoulda jump in sooner , I think you be signal ... minna Nah , not you fault ... almost make it . forget they have my gun . rookie move . ( laugh , rueful ) get through guadalcanal without a scratch and I get shot with my own gun in queen . coney you gonna be okay ? minna yeah , yeah . clipped I in the side . gotta get a new belt but they do not hit nothing important . minna wink at lionel and smile again . lionel who ? who be they ? minna shake he head . pink revision 20 . minna do not worry about it . talk to I , Brooklyn . I need a joke . you get one you be save ? lionel huh ? okay . guy walk into a bar ... minna ( laugh and wince ) bar joke . all the best one , right ? lionel guy walk into a bar with a octopus . say to the bartender '' I will bet a hundred this octopus can play any instrument in the joint . '' minna funny already . a octopus . already in the black here . lionel reactopus ! bartender point to a piano . guy put the octopus up on the stool -- pianopus ! octopus play a few scale and then lay out a little etude ... minna get fancy , huh ? showin 's off a little ? the car slam over a bump ! minna cry out . lionel be desperate . lionel eat I bailey ! bartender pull out a guitar . octopus tune the E string , close its eye and whip out a sweet little fandango -- minna he 's milk it . lionel fandafag !-- guy say , '' pay up . '' bartender say , '' hang on . '' rummages around and find a old set of bagpipe . plop they on the bar . guy bring the octopus over -- octapipe ! fuuu --- pink revision 21 . minna ( smile ) do not blow the punch , lionel . lionel octopus look they over . squint at they , take another look . bartender say , '' pay up ! he can not play it ! '' and the octopus say , '' play it ? if I can figure out how to get its pajamas off I be gonna fuck it ! '' fuck I in truck , bailey ! minna smile but he eye be close . he cough with a gurgle sound . coney look at lionel , worried . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) watch out ! across coney : as he blow through a light and out he window a delivery truck hurtle into the intersection directly at they . he swerve violently . wide on the intersection : the skidding truck , horn blaring , miss the rear bumper of there fish - tailing car by a inch minna ( weak ) Jesus , what be we do ? coney almost there ... lionel hang on , boss . tell we who do it . minna should n’ta mess with they . stupid . coney they plugge you and leave you in the goddam garbage , Frank ! now who be it ? minna I ’1ll tell ya later . just drive , meatloaf ! lionel meat monger ! loaf -a-lope ! minna a whole fuckin’ herd of they . 15 16 17 pink revision 22. int . lionel car / ext . hospital emergency room - dusk 15 the ambulance ramp have a '' do not enter '' sign but the car plows past and race up to a screeching stop by the er door a orderly burst out the er door as coney jump from the driver seat and throw open the back door orderly get this car out of here ! coney we be a ambulance today , pal . the orderly see the mess that be Frank and blanch . int . hospital hallway - continuous 16 minna on a gurney , a nurse and two orderly racing it down a hall with lionel hang by Frank 's side . he hold minna 's hand and tap he shoulder compulsively as they enter the ... int . surgery room 17 the doctor swarm . a nurse pull he hat from he head and throw it aside . minna reach for it ... agitate . minna no ... they start cut away he shirt . lionel have to look away from it and into minna 's face . nurse Sir ... lionel boss , who be in that room ? minna ah shit , Brooklyn , she 's in trouble now . lionel who , Frank ? what go down in there ?! minna ( shake he head ) play outta my league ... shoulda keep it ... pink revision 23. he reach for he head , get manic . he cough up blood . they be put something in he arm . lionel blood bag , Bailey ! nurse Sir , you can not be in here ! minna grab lionel 's arm . minna ( really spacey now ) hey , Brooklyn ... lionel I be here , Frank . minna you be no freak . okay ? lionel okay . who do it , Frank ? minna 's eye be scared now . he 's try to say something . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) you be work for that guy ? minna shake he head . tries to whisper something . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) ( lean down ) what ? what Frank ? minna ( barely audible ) formosa ... lionel formosa ? what be that ? minna ( mouth ) for..mos .. minna 's head go back . a doctor react and move in , shove lionel out of the way . doctor move ! 18 pink revision 24 . nurse Sir !! she push lionel back and away . he go and pick frank 's hat up off the floor and back out the swinging door . lionel 's face : peer through the glass . Pov : a circle of white around the table with minna 's black wingtip stick out . a Doctor 's shoulder go up and down , and then ... slow motion : the shoulder stop and sag . a head shake . the doctor turn toward the door pull he mask down . int . hospital hallway 18 Doors open : the doctor come into the hall . lionel stand , hold Frank 's hat and twitching violently . lionel guy walk into a bar ... doctor be you he friend ? lionel tap he on the shoulder , nodd . lionel guy walk into a bar ... doctor he do not make it . lionel oh no ... a guy walk -- doctor -- I be very sorry -- lionel -- into a bar ! so sorry , bailey ! lionel push past the doctor like a drown man . he 's out of control . he need air . coney see he come and know . he bow he head and try to slow lionel down but lionel blow past ... 19 20 21 pink revision 25 . ext . hospital emergency room - magic hour 19 lionel explode out of the building in despair . he look up at the sky , clutching Frank 's hat , ticc -ing and shouting . from above : coney walk out and stand with he hand on lionel 's shoulder ... and we CUT to : ext . the brooklyn bridge & new york skyline - night 20 MAIN title : motherless brooklyn int . the l&l agency office - night 21 a low -rent office . a few desk in a open room ; chair on roller ; filing cabinet . one door with frost glass lead to minna 's office . another to a darkroom . lionel sit slump in a chair , he bloody coat , Frank 's hat and other stuff on the desk in front of he . coney lean against the wall smoking a cigarette . tony vermonte and danny fantl sit on desk . tony be slick . a clothes horse , impatient to get to something better : the leader of this four . danny 's early 40 's , skinny and a little haunt ... but solid , wise . a listener . tony ... the fuck you let he get in that car for , freakshow ? lionel he give we the cue to follow . we make a move to get in ... but he signal I off ... I think ... tony you think ? you say they rough he up in the room though . lionel I be not sure . they mighta . anyway he say '' use the can '' after that . can the loose man . tony so he 's takin 's they to something they want and they off he ? it do not track . pink revision 26. lionel I tell you he try to give they the slip ... I do not know , it happen fast and we do not see it . tony how the fuck have you drop so far off he ? lionel ( explode ) I tell you three time , tony ... we lose he at the bridge , they have some fuck badge ! the fuck be we suppose to do ?! coney freakshow 's right . it be a mess . danny so who be they ? coney he would not say . even in the car after . tony ( piss ) right . that 's great , Frank . he throw a pen at Frank 's door and turn away exasperate . a long glum silence . danny we gotta tell Julia . coney flick a tiny look to tony . lionel see it . tony I tell she already . danny when ? tony she call look for Frank . lionel timbuktuk - it . how would she take it ? tony ow ou in . she 00. it , reak — - how would you think she take it , freak pink revision 27 . lionel kick a chair at he hard . lionel do not say it again , I be not in the mood ! tony alright take it easy ... I be just say ... you know how she can be . silence . danny someone should take she he thing . a awkward pause . nobody want it . lionel I ' 1l do it . he stand and reach for he coat but realize it 's cover in blood , he sweater too . Danny hop up , reach into minna 's office door and grab Frank 's old navy pea coat . he hand it to lionel , who balk but Danny push it on he danny go on , take it . you can not go walk around like that . ( as lionel shrug it on ) you sure you wanna do this ? lionel I be with he . maybe she ’1ll want to know what happen at the end . he head for the door . tony he say anything about she ? lionel no . tony then help he out one last time and lie a little . 22 omit 22 23 pink revision 28. int . frank & julia 's apartment - night 23 lionel come in through the foyer of a brownstone to the first floor apartment . the door open on julia , Frank 's wife . early forty , blonde . still really good-look . but hard ... out for herself mostly . she have a look on she face like she 's expect someone and when she see lionel , it fall a little . julia oh ... lionel . lionel ( awkward ) hi Julia ... julia do not bother . the hospital already call . a strange little lie ... lionel no ... I bring you Frank 's thing . julia oh . I think you be gonna break the news to I again . he enter and put the clothes on the table . she go to light a cigarette . lionel Julia , I be really ... julia yeah , nice twist huh ? do not see that one come , I gotta say . lionel twisty twinky . sorry . lionel be try hard not to twitch around she but the effort almost make it worse . lionel clearly make she a little uncomfortable . julia look , I just wanna be alone , okay ? lionel sure . pink revision 29 . he flip Frank 's hat onto the side table and dump out of it : a watch , a matchbook , some change , a address book , Frank 's wallet ... julia gimme the watch I guess . I do not want all the rest of that stuff . he hand it to she ... lionel I be gonna keep he gun , if that 's okay with you . ( she nod ) you want he hat ? julia what for ? be there money in that wallet ? lionel take the money out of the wallet to hand to she julia ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) Jesus , it have blood on it , for chrissake ! I do not wanna see that . ai not you get any sense ? emotion be rise in she ... lionel scoops up the cash and gun with the loose stuff and pocket what he can . he pause on one item : Frank 's wedding ring . she take it and turn it over and this actually get she to tear up a little . she sit on the couch . julia ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) ah jeez ... be somebody with he anyway ? when he ...? lionel I be . julia that 's good . he really like you , you know ? lionel yeah . ( beat ) he be talk about you ... want I to tell you he ... julia ( bitter ) yeah , do not bullshit I . goddam it , I be piss at he ! a24 b24 24 25 pink revision 30 . lionel do not be . julia ( snap ) well I be ! he let out a yelp and she stare at he . she 's see it plenty of time but it 's still weird to she . he pick up Frank 's hat and turn to go then pause ... lionel Julia ... Frank say anything to you about what he be work on ? julia he never tell I what he be mix up in . you get no idea who do it ? lionel ( shake he head ) but if I figure it out , I be gonna make ‘em regret it . I promise you that . julia do not promise I . it make no difference to I one way or the other . ext . frank & julia 's aparment / STREET - night a24 lionel come down they stoop and walk up the cold dark street . a sad figure . his twitching be become pronounce . ext . establishing - lionel 's apartment build - night b24 int . lionel 's build - stairwell - night 24 lionel mount the stair , tired , and turn on the landing . he stop and sit down , almost out of sight behind the bannister but we can see he put he head down and weep . int . lionel' apartment - night 25 lionel enter take off he coat and hat . he hang minna 's hat up next to he on the wall ... his weep have turn into twitches and small shout that seem to be building ... 26 27 28 pink revision 31 . a mirror reflect he bed . in it we see he sit only partly visible on the edge of the bed , get something out of a drawer ( a small pipe ) and then a match flare and we see he inhale something . he set it down and take a photo off the side table photo : much young and cooler look Frank minna with he arm around a young lionel , skinny ... both smile . on lionel : eye glaze , he smile a little and let himself fall back onto the bed ... int . lionel 's dream / swimming pool 26 as he hit the sheet they ripple turning into amber colored water . lionel sink slowly , happily , eye open we see he sink fully clothed in a limitless pool of water with amber light dance around he and as he sink ... ...a shadowy figure swim past on the surface above he . close on lionel 's eye : disturb lionel 's Pov : from down below look up through the water , dance with amber light , a man swim hard on the surface , passing over he . int . indoor pool - early morning 27 a huge public indoor pool of the kind they do not build anymore . stain glass , beautiful tile , etc . it 's early morning , dawn light crack in , and the steam and the light dance on the water . a lone figure swim powerful lap . back and forth without pause . a young aide in a suit sit on a bench in the shadow with a valise full of papers in he lap wait . finally the swimmer climb straight up out of the water , he back to we . he 's powerfully build . a black pool attendant emerge out of the shadow to put a robe around he and the young aide in the suit hurry to catch up as the man exit . ext . public athletic club - morning 28 a SMALL flag with a unfamiliar insignia decorate one corner of a big black car 's hood . the license plate read '' BA 1 '' . 29 30 pink revision 32. wide : by the door of the men 's side of the public bathhouse . about a dozen people wait in the cold and spitting rain to be let in to swim . the door burst open and a umbrella be throw up by the driver for the man , shield he face from view as he descend the stair . man ( mose randolph ) let they in , Charlie . with he entourage , he head down the step to the car in the pre-dawn grey . his aide take the umbrella and hand over the valise as the man climb in and the car pull away , leave he stand in the rain . int . CITY hall rotunda - morning 29 huge marble rotunda , set up for a seated crowd . a voice boom over a mic . the end of a speech voice ( mayor ) ... limited only by we own vision , we own audacity , we will build the legacy of we time . a legacy for future generation to look upon and say '' here be boldness . here be the great of what man can create . '' newly elect , this be the end of the new mayor 's inaugural address . the crowd applaud . over the shoulder of someone stand off to the side , by a column . it 's the man from the pool , but we still can not see he face as he stare at the ceiling , impatient . a glimpse of a strong jaw , as other applaud he look at he watch . int . grand marble hall - rotunda - a moment later 30 mayor on the day , swear in he appointee hand the roll appointment papers and shaking hand , watch by ... three reform advocate ( two man and a woman ( gabby horowitz ) , among the seat guest . one nudge the other as the mayor get hand the roll appointment form for the next appointee . the mayor look up as the man step in front of he , face unseen to we . the mayor hitches for a second , and then fix a politic smile on he face . pink revision 33 . mayor ah , Mo ...splendid ! the man raise he right hand . mayor ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) do you solemnly swear to serve the people of New York and uphold the integrity of the office of commissioner of the City 's Parks ? the man ( mose randolph ) I do . the Mayor smile and hand he the paper . mayor do you solemnly swear to serve the people of New York and uphold the integrity of the office of commissioner of Building and construction ? the man ( mose randolph ) I do . the Mayor hand he the paper and start the applause . the man stand still , wait . mayor good to have you aboard , mo. keep up the good work . he put out he hand but ... the man storm off . the Mayor beckon to the next appointee and cut he eye to the trio in the second row , watch the moment avidly . one raise a small smile and give a impressed nod to the Mayor woman reformer ( gabby horowitz ) I 'il be damned , he do it . reformer # 2 I tell you . he 's no pushover this one . the woman 's eye go to : the mysterious man disappear down a hall . 31 32 pink revision 34 . woman reformer ( gabby horowitz ) $ 10 it will not last past noon . they shake as the mayor pose for photographer and flash take we to : omit 31 int . mayor 's office / hallway / other office 32 on the mayor : laugh and celebrate with he man when ... the SOUND of door bursting OPEN make they turn . the mayor' face flush as the man step in on he . the man ( mose randolph ) what be this shit ? what about City Planning ?! mayor ( stammer ) sorry , what 's all this now , Mo ? the man ( mose randolph ) do not play game with I , you mutt ! I get City Planning or I quit the other two . right now . the reporter be still here . mayor ( nervous , bluff ) easy now , it 's nothing to get hot about . probably just a oversight . they do not give I the blank . give we a day to get settle in and I 'il see to it . but the man have already turn and charge out . mayor' Pov : the powerful figure stride out through the open double door to the clerk 's desk in the hall where , without hesitation he swipe a form from a terrify clerk , bend to write on it hastily ... the mayor look at he man . ' what do I do ? 's but the man be charging back across the hall straight at US powerful stride bring he into full view for the first time as he bear down ; tall and strong , jaw thrust out , flash eye and big hawkish nose , come like a juggernaut until a33 33 pink revision 35 . he’s right on US , slapping the form down , furious the man ( mose randolph ) now sign it ! this be mose randolph . the mayor : stare for a beat ... then pull the form toward he and , on he first day in office , he do as he 's tell . randolph right ! Fucking amateur . he snatch up the form and leave . awkward silence . mayor Close that damn door and keep it close ! int . lionel 's apartment - morning a33 a radio plays . news announcer ( 0.s. ) .-. new life in talk between the City and dodger owner walter o'malley who want a site and financing for a new stadium to keep the boy in Brooklyn ... lionel shut it off . coat on . go to take he cap . two hat on the wall . he stare a beat , then take ... minna' hat . he hold it a moment . he put it on he head to check the size . pretty good fit . he check it in the mirror , straighten the brim and go . ( for the rest of the story lionel wear minna 's hat ) ext . brooklyn STREET - same morning 33 a bundle of World telegram sun slap down and have the cord cut off . '' meet the new boss : Mayor 's full inaugural '' lionel walk past and down the block , nursing a coffee , past boy hawk papers ... 34 pink revision 36 . paperboy dodger can stay if City will give they a yard ! he pass volunteer for the Committee against discrimination in house tack flyer up to a telephone pole . int . the l&l office - morning 34 lionel enter to find ... the office have be trashed , turn upside down . the other guy be already there and Julia be sit ina chair , cry a little , shake . tony 's comforting she . julia ..- ask all kind a question ... I tell they '' Christ he 's dead , what be you gonna arrest he ? '' coney ( to lionel ) .. the fuck you be ? call you all morning . lionel what the hell happen ? coney Danny have a early run out to belmont . come in and find it like this . danny ( lower ) cop be at Frank 's place too ... go through everything . julia ..- asshole . pick in my underwear drawer and grin at I . tony we be gonna find out who do this and get to the bottom of it , right boy ? she weep pink revision 37 . julia I do not even wanna know . always with he cryptic shit , tell I he be into something big this time ... gonna change we situation . get himself whacked and leave I $ 4000 in a savings and loan , a drafty shack in lookout Point and this ... thriving operation . Ace move , Frank ... a little more ... for Frank or for herself ? tony pat she back as Danny shoot lionel a look . she get herself together . julia ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) look I know the car service be mostly for the book but he never talk about how he run the snoop work and I be not interested . so I be put tony in charge . he will handle the business of it and keep I in the loop . ( pause ) I know you all go way back with he , longer than I , but that 's just the way it be for now I guess . tony sure , doll . it 's the right thing . coney and danny ' course . sure . lionel nod . she look tony go tony you want I to take you home ? at he a beat , consider , then get up ... julia no thanks . I be gonna go stay with my sister for a while ... think about my future . but call I ... you know .. with a update ? to open the door . she shake hand with coney and Danny , who kiss she on the cheek . lionel rise and go to shake she hand but he have to tap she shoulder twice . she react , annoyed . pink revision 38 . julia ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) can not you ever cut that out ?! for once ! lionel sorry ... tony roll he eye and lead she out the door . coney Jesus , freakshow . lionel ( embarrassed ) touch it , Bailey ! Danny and lionel start pick up papers and file . danny asshole even pull the tank off the john . tony enter . tony alright , forget that , do it later . right now , just the four of we : do anybody know what Frank be into on this ? nobody . coney he just tell we to meet he for a sit . he do not even make like it be a big thing . lionel he be nervous though . tony nervous how ? coney he be not nervous . lionel be you on that line , dumbshit ? I be tell you he be nervous . nervous nellie ! I could hear it . he be make some kind of a play . pink revision 39 . tony well spill it , lionel , Jesus ! what the fuck go down in there . lionel ( automatic rapid - fire ) cold wig Rod ! horo - whip commie ! hammy - Ham on swiss ! tony Jesus ... Danny throw he some gum . lionel quickly break it and chew it . from memory : lionel a color broad , someone name horowitz , a committee , Hamilton something , something about a signature . they hire he to dig around this committee and he find something important and I think he be try to squeeze ‘em for extra ... I do not know it be hard to hear it all . there 's something big go down a week from Thursday and whatever he find they be not happy about it . coney obviously . they whacked he for it . lionel crack wacker ! I do not think they mean to ... I think they mess up and kill he and now they be stick look for it . danny what about after , in the car . what no he say ? lionel nothing . tony nothing ! where be you clown ? coney L 's right . we be grill he . he clamm up . told we to leave it alone pink revision 40 . danny what about at the hospital ? coney look to lionel . lionel ( verbatim - fast ) he say : ' no , ah shit Brooklyn she 's in trouble , play outta my league shoulda ... ( quieter ) Said : '' hey Brooklyn you be no freak okay ...? '' ( beat ) he be say something else at the end ... ( almost say ' formosa 's ) --- I do not know , I could not hear he . tony some fuckin’ riddle . Jesus H. coney whatever he find , somebody with pull want it . that be not just beat cop at he place . it be suit . division guy . danny mob thing maybe ? bustamante 's crew have be get pushy with Frank 's pal I hear . lionel shake he head . lionel maybe ... Frank do side - work for they since we be all at the Home . but he never get in deep . and he would have never play it this way with make guy . this feel different . I do not think he see this come . a silence . all at a loss . tony I be gonna say this : I love the guy . when we be in that fuck hell hole he see something in we and throw we a line ... teach we how to operate . but he never cut we in all the way . ( more ) pink revision 41. tony ( cont 'd ) he play he own game and I be not gonna stick my nose around he dead card and risk end up on a slab for it . ( beat ) I say we get bill to pay and we better get at it . coney and Danny nod . lionel we owe he more 'o that , T. tony yeah ? well you figure out what the fuck it be all about , let we know . meantime , I be finish up on the rabbi 's wife . she 's bang a butcher who be not kosher so I think he 's really gonna give she the boot this time and that 's gonna be the last of that ride . I want gil sit on the gunderson fraud thing ... lionel I be on that . tony I want gil on it ... when we bust he the insurance company might want we in there to show the picture to he lawyer and I wanna make a good impression and Frank be not here to cover for you . lionel fraud fag ! tony like I say . gil , you be on it . Danny x11 back I on night and lionel you pick up the car slack for he until something else come in . lionel stare at tony . so this be how it 's go to be . tony ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) it 's cold . there 's 1ll be a lot of call and we need that business . lionel shrug , he mind still on minna . 35 pink revision 42. int . the l&l office ( 1 hour later ) - day 35 finger pulling the thread lionel fiddle and twitches sit at a desk by the phone . he have fix up the office -- immaculate ... compulsively order . he stare at ... '' frank minna '' stencile on the frost glass door lionel Frank frankady franko . minnow man. '' head investigator '' lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) invest -ahead . ring ! phone . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) l&l. ( beat ) we have car available , where would you ... chevy , mar be . yes mar be , this year 's model , where would you ... New leather interior , yes . no it smell nice . 247 dekalb at 2:30 . thank you . hang up . he write down word , mind turn note : color girl , committee , horowitz , report , Hamilton , signature , father club , one week . ring ! lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) l&l Agency . voice tony vermonte in ? lionel he 's out on a case , how can I help you ? voice who be I speak to ? feel it come and put the phone on he chest . 36 37 38 pink revision 43. lionel assrog ! ( back in the phone ) lionel essrog , associate invest -- the phone click and go dead . he stare at it a beat and hang it up slowly . look back at the note . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) ( intone ) coloredbroadcommitteehorowitzrepor thamiltonsignaturefatherclub . week. from. Thursday . I ain ’t weak , I be thirsty ! he write : formosa then : formosas then : for mosa then : form osa then : formo sa lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) ( frustrated ) form ass , bailey ! he pop fresh gum , jump up and go into ... int . l&l office - franks office - continuous 36 picture of Frank and the guy . license . Frank 's black trenchcoat . he put on the coat and minna 's hat , sit in Frank 's chair and stare . lionel formosa . for-mo-sa-sa-sa-saaaah . he start rub he temple and thing slow down ... ext . harlem side STREET / queen STREET - day ( flashbacks ) 37 frank 's face looking at he as the car door close frank reaching out to they as they whip by ... bang ! int . l&l office - frank 's office - continuous 38 danny hello ? pink revision 44 , lionel ( pop up ) if ! danny Jesus Christ ... through the glass . think I be see a ghost . what be you do ? lionel spin . you back already ? danny Nah , a round trip . gotta go back in a bit . lionel nod , stare into space . danny ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) you alright ? lionel ( torture ) I should n’ta let he get in that car . danny he tell you to tail he . lionel I know it be go bad . I feel it . felt the pelt ! I blow it . danny hey , it be not you push Frank into a fancy lifestyle he could not afford . he be happy as a clam in that ' drafty beach shack 's . he be play out on a limb to get she heel outta he ass . ( off lionel 's silence ) anyway ... I have a sergeant during the bulge ... he tell I '' sometimes you do everything you be suppose to and it still go to shit . '' it be not on you , bud . lionel yeah . thanks , Danny . danny any call ? 39 40 4l pink revision 45 . lionel what ? oh yeah ... shit . what time be it ? gotta pickup at 2:30 . clock : 2:15 he jump up and take minna 's coat and hat off , grab the pea coat and head to the door . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) if ! hey . you ever hear Frank say anything about '' formosa '' ? danny what like the jap island ? ( think ) nope . he be wounded and out before that . lionel shrug and start out again . danny ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) you know there 's that joint formosa in mid-town . I try to take Linda there to hear Chet Baker once . could not get in . int . lionel 's car # 2 - drive - day 39 he have a old blue-hair in the back . he drop she off . ext . formosa lounge ( mid - town STREET ) - day 40 his car slide up on a club marquee . '' the formosa '' . int . formosa lounge - day 4l 50 's supper club . classy . lionel come in and look around . it 's afternoon empty . Latin guy set the floor table . there 's a hostess clean up candle from table bartender come over as lionel ease onto a stool . bartender Music 's at seven . lionel can I get a early one ? whiskey ginger . pink revision 46 . bartender nod . lionel pull a bill and a matchbook out of he pocket , put they on the bar . take minna 's detective license out of he coat . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) say pal , you in here regular ? bartender most of my life . lionel you know a guy name minna ? Frank . that 's he . the bartender look a beat . shake he head bartender everybody look like everybody to I . but I do not think so . she 's good with face . the hostess slide up , overhear , and indicate to let she see the photo . Studies it then shake she head but take in lionel : kinda cute . she smile hostess get a light ? lionel open the matchbook . light one and start to hold it for she as she lean -- then blow it out . light another one , blow it out as she lean again . her eyebrow raise ... lionel sorry ... fast now , light a third , try to keep it together . compulsively blow it out . hostess ( roll she eye ) jeez , forget I ask . and she 's go . lionel do not even sigh . this be he isolation and he 's use to it . the bartender be laugh though ... bartender you get something against blond ? lionel Nah , it 's ... it have to sound right or I can not stop do it . 42 43 pink revision 47. he light two more match and on the last one he 's good . bartender must be inconvenient . lionel buddy , you do not know the half of it . start to pocket the match and change ... bartender that uptown shit 's the real deal , huh ? you get up there much ? lionel stop -- no idea what he 's talk about . the guy point at the matchbook bartender ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) King rooster . lionel turn the matchbook over . a rooster with a crown on a red background . lionel -- stare . where have he get this ? open it . '' B.A. - 2:30 '' write in a familiar hand . realize ... it be in minna 's pants . lionel I do not know it . bartender Jazz joint in harlem . lucky 's be a good time too but the all the guy play hard be at the rooster . lionel -- '' a jook joint in harlem '' . he 's move . int . lionel 's car # 2 / ext . harlem side STREET - day 42 he drive along the block where minna 's mysterious meeting take place . ext . king rooster jazz club - day 43 a red neon sign with the crowned rooster on it . lionel pull up . 44 pink revision 48. int . king rooster jazz club - day 44 a small dark harlem joint . bar , table and a little space for the band in a panele corner that 's hardly even a stage . Black bartender set up . three black guy at a back table talk low . one with he back to the bar . lionel enter and quick look check he out . one guy , 50 's very dark black skin , look at lionel in the mirror long and hard , watchful . bartender we be not open yet . lionel can I get a early one ? I be freezing here . whiskey neat . he slap a bill up . the bartender 's 11l take that . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) ( fishing ) say , you the manager ? bartender I look like the manager ? lionel who 's play tonight ? bartender ( at the three guy ) hey , billy ... the dark -skinned guy with he back to the bar look over . lionel meet eye with he in the mirror behind the bar . bartender ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) who 's on tonight ? billy Mr Big shot . his eye lock on lionel , he put a cigarette in he mouth with he leave hand and then use the same hand to snap open a lighter and light it ... highlight that he right arm hang limp and useless . lionel still stare . do he know that face ? bartender I hope they do not think they drink free . ( more ) 45 46 47 pink revision 49 . bartender ( cont 'd ) ( to lionel be poster ) you catch this cat ? I see cool . this brother rewrite cool . lionel catch they ! coolie cat ! he try to make it seem like a sneeze . he 's get excited and that wind up he tics . he 's get to get out . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) catch he another time . if ! bartender do not wait long . they french girl keep loving he up he 's gonna move over there for good , you know what I be say ? but lionel 's out the door and we CUT to : int . lionel 's apartment - night 45 a record spinning , a standard play , sad but soothing . camera pan over to find lionel in a chair by the radiator with a joint . his head be move as though he can not get a kink out of he neck . or can not shake he brain . a cat , come over and climb up in he lap . he pet she and this contact seem to calm he as he look out the window at the light on the street . omit 46 ext . brooklyn STREET - morning 47 it 's cold and clear . lionel 's get a coffee . people be hustling for the subway . lionel come past a telephone pole close to camera , flick he eye at the flyer on it and exit ... piece of paper post to the pole rustle in the cold ... ..- and lionel come back into frame , look closer at one of the flyer , read : save our neighborhood ! save ft . greene ! come to a public hearing on proposed 48 pink revision 50 . hamilton housing plan sponsor by : Committee against racial discrimination in house hamilton . committee . lionel take it down and continue on to : int . l&l office / ext . coffee shop payphone - morning 48 lionel enter Danny 's read the paper . tony 's on the phone , piss ... tony well , Christ , coney , do you get the shot or not ?... do what ?... get the paper be not worth shit ! the fuck do that have to do with he back ?... bend over , my ass , we gotta have he lift the lawnmower out the car or play tennis or spin around the room with some broad sittin’ up on he tentpole and he arm out wide . I do not care so long as it involve he back !... I know he 's fakin 's all the time , that 's why he 's win three claim ! wait he out or set he up !... I know it 's cold , that 's why they call it winter ! he hang up . see lionel look at he . that be he case . tony ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) I be give he the rest of the week . danny ( not look up ) if the guy lift a cow into a truck , coney have still miss the shot . he still can not remember to wind the film . thinks it 's a Tommy - gun . I tell he ' click - advance - click -advance '' ... tony can it . I be give it a week . lionel go to hang up he coat . phone ring . tony grab it ... pink revision 51 . tony ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) gimme a break , will ya gil -- wha ? Excuse I , yeah , l&l ... lionel ( to Danny ) we get pickup ? danny nobody ever need a ride on Tuesday , you notice that ? never . why be that ? tony ... speak ... ( beat - he eye flick to the guy ) yeah fine ... ( write ) .».- yeah I get it . he hang up and put the number in he pocket . danny job ? tony Nah . for I . danny do not go get mysterious on we , T. you be not no minna . tony yet ! I gotta get a prescription for my mother , clambrain . you need all the detail ? I be go for coffee , you want ? danny cream and sugar . tony make a pansy flick with he wrist , throw on he scarf and hustle out . lionel hey , D ... you up for something ? danny like what ? lionel sit on a joint for I . pink revision 52. danny for you ? lionel toss he the matchbook . lionel Club up in harlem . I think Frank be there that day or the day before ... it be in he pants , almost full . fullsie pant ! danny ( skeptical ) maybe he stop in for a book of match . lionel glance out the window as they talk and see ... tony , across the street outside the coffee shop stop at the payphone . lionel in the room he be talk about a girl , a color chick . something she know have they pretty unhappy , wonder who else know . Frank say she father be a bust up vet who run a club ... this joint be three block from that meet . danny you go there ? lionel ( nod ) manager be a guy name billy with a bum arm . lionel Pov : tony pull the number he write down and dial . danny so what be I suppose to do ? lionel get in there see if you can get she name out of he . do you liquor board bit . you get that id still ? lick broader ! danny ( laugh at that one ) yeah , that 's what she say . I get the id . that 's it , get she name ? 49 50 pink revision 53. lionel 's Pov : tony be talk to someone and make note . lionel well if you get nothing better to do ... sit on it a while , see if she show . danny if a color chick show up to a jazz joint ? lemme make a prediction ... lionel no , I be work another angle . we will pin she down . lionel 's Pov : tony on he way back . danny okay but tell I something ... what be we do this for ? lionel Cause he have a do it for we . danny right . it 's fuckin’ cold for a sit . lionel take the Blue ride , heater 's 1l roast you like a brisket . Bet on the bris ! danny you be a rabbi too now , huh ? they both laugh . int . lionel 's car - day 49 he drift through Brooklyn . ext . housing committee office - day 50 lionel cross the street head for a nondescript office building . check the address and enter . 51 52 pink revision 54 . int . housing committee office - a hallway - day 51 lionel find a door with just a number on it . check he info again , take out a piece of gum , fold it exactly in half and pop it in he mouth and then enter into ... int . housing committee office - continuous 52 a open space with desk push up against one another . low budget informality . a few private office with door at the far end and right in front by the door ... lionel enter and go to close the door but have to re-open it and close it twice more to make it sound right . he 's good at stakeout , not at this part . he eye flick around ... people busy at work on phone , type , fill out form , confer with each other . a few middle - age jewish man and woman , and , lionel immediately notice , four young black women , work in different part of the room : one type , one walk papers back to one of the office ... one at a reception desk , look up at lionel . lionel ( pretend it 's a sneeze ) if ! receptionist ( betty ) bless you . lionel thank you . receptionist ( betty ) can I help you ? lionel yes , I be here to see mild ? receptionist ( betty ) mild ? there 's nobody by that name here . lionel I think it be mild ... receptionist ( betty ) myrna ...? she point at a older jewish lady . pink revision 55 . lionel ( under he breath ) myrna bird . ( cover ) no I believe she be a color girl . receptionist ( betty ) josephine or Laura ? she point at each as she say they name and lionel make note of they face . lionel no I be sure it be mild . she speak to I on the phone about my application . what 's you name ? receptionist ( betty ) Betty . what sort of application . lionel my vendor 's license . blank stare lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) be this not the license office ? receptionist ( betty ) it 's the Committee on racial discrimination in house . lionel then you can not very well help I sell hot dog can you ! ( laugh too loud ) I be sorry to have bother you . he tip he hat and start to head out the door . ona hunch turn back and take a flyer ... lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) be Mr. horowitz in by any chance ? receptionist ( betty ) you mean Mrs. horowitz ? lionel either one 'il do . 53 54-55 pink revision 56 . receptionist ( betty ) ( really confuse now ) she 's in the back ... oh there she be ... they look and see gabby horowitz , director of the Committee , just step from she office with LAURA , one of the black girl . they see Betty point and look up . lionel wave and point as though to say '' I ‘’1ll see you outside '' and quickly exit ... gabby and LAURA look at each other . who the hell be that ? int . lionel 's car / ext . housing committee office - day 53 a camera lens reflecting the old industrial build lionel sit in the car across the street and check the focus . pluck at he cuff . look through the lens and perk up through the camera we see ... LAURA emerge , strikingly pretty with light brown skin ; click . click . lionel keep watching , mutter to himself . lionel horse - a-whip , Whore -a-witch , horowitz . he watch she walk away the flick back to the door a bunch of people from the office , include horowitz and the other three black girl . click . click . click . he 's pop off shot of they all expertly , like a marksman . this he 's good at . they be all separate and he have to make a decision and so he follow horowitz ... she step to the curb and hail a cab . lionel start he car . omit 54-55 56 57 58 pink revision 57 . int . lionel 's car / ext . seedy STREET - flophouse apt - dusk6 through lionel 's windshield ... as he follow the cab . it cruise slowly onto a seedy street ... and stop at a flophouse apartment building next to the elevate train track , where horowitz get out and hurry to the buzzer . in lionel 's camera : she ring and wait but no response . she step back and look up at ... a lighted window all the way up on the 5th floor . she ring again then pull out a flyer like the one lionel see , write a note on it and stuff it in a box , then quickly get back in the cab and take off . lionel get out and go over to look at the name on the box : 502 . just the number and the flyer go through the slot . Dead end . int . L & L office - darkroom - night 57 white paper , swishing in liquid a picture emerge ... the girl name LAURA . very beautiful . lionel pull it out of the tray and stare at it , then let it dry with the other already print . tony ( 0.s. ) Holy shit , what happen ?! lionel rush out into ... int . L & L office - night 58 danny stand slump against the door frame with tony rush to support he . danny have be beaten up . he be very shake , out of breath . tony move Danny to a chair and loosen he tie . Danny motion that he need a drink and coney quickly pour he a shot from a bottle in a desk . Danny downs it with a shaky hand . 59 pink revision 58. coney who be it , d? danny couple of they . one be a giant . tony a what ? danny a fuckin’ giant , I be tell you . biggest guy I ever see . coney and lionel look at each other , know . danny ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) worked I over good . smashed up the camera . lionel they say anything ? danny yeah , '' stay outta minna 's garbage . tell you crew the same . '' have a big nasty knife on my throat for that part . that sit like a bomb for a second . tony 's jaw tense . coney Son of a ... Danny reach into he pocket ... danny ( to lionel ) do not get this though ... asshole . toss lionel a roll of film . tony ... the fuck be that ? what be you two into ? Danny look at lionel ... and we CUT to : int . L & L office - half hour later 59 the red light of the dark room go out . coney emerge with some still wet photo : Danny 's roll ... pink revision 59 . Danny be clean up a little , butterfly bandage over he swell shiner , hold ice to he lip . tony .-.- so it definitely be not bustamante 's boy ... but it 's still mud . lionel grab the photo from coney . he take three of he own photo , one of each of the young black woman , and lay they out on a desk to compare with Danny 's Danny look over he shoulder , can not help be curious . lionel start to flip through they .... danny 's photo : - the outside of the King rooster club - the guy , billy , emerge from the club - aman in a hat , face unseen , ask billy for a light - over the man 's shoulder on billy look away danny forget all that , she do not show up until later ... tail end of the roll . he grab a few photo off the stack and move they to the back ... - a black woman enter the club but too much from the back Danny flip that one back ... danny ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) here ... they come out together . - billy and the girl name LAURA from the office talk - LAURA kissing billy on the cheek as they part lionel compare this to he own and quickly find the match . lionel Match I , Bailey ! that 's it . she 's the one . her name be Laura . danny Laura Rose then maybe . that 's billy Rose . if he 's she father ... pink revision 60 . coney how the hell you know that ? lionel ( ignore he ) you tail she ? danny do not have to ... she life right next to the club on the corner . they musta make I earlier . soon as I get out the car to follow she they be on I ... he stop . it really shook he up . lionel be excited though . tony 's pay attention . lionel I be tell you this be the broad Frank be tailing . tony okay , I be with you but it 's still pretty thin . coney skeletal . lionel we only just start ! they look at each other for a beat . tony seem to be calculate something . his attitude have change . tony whatever they want so bad 's gotta be worth something , right ? i’1l tell you what , freakshow , I and gil ’1ll stay on the money work , keep we float ... you and Danny keep sniff it and we will see where we get . lionel I be not look to make a deal with this fuck but yeah , okay . coney whatever . Hell yeah , I hope that mug poke around again . i’1l have something for they . Danny stare at the floor . pink revision 61 . tony whaddya say , D ? danny fellas , I love the guy but ... I mean I ’1ll handle the car , hustle some domestic shit , you know , but I get Linda and ... he can not say more , do not have to . lionel sure , Danny . right thing . tony no doubt . get on home , get a steak on that eye . coney c’mon , I 'il give you a lift . they leave . tony and lionel measure each other . tony look all I be say ... maybe we can get something outta it , for Julia maybe ... lionel for Julia ? she can go twist . tony okay whatever . but do not go hold out on shit with I though . we work together , okay lionel ? I will take anything we can scratch up to Mr. capodanno and see what that boy know . we pin it on someone , we will square account . my word on it . lionel look at he and nod , then get up . tony ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) you wanna get a beer ? lionel Nah , I be go home . i’1l see ya later . tony stare at he a beat then nod at he and leave . lionel stare at the photo of Laura and as we push in on she image we CUT to : 60 61 62 63 64 pink revision 62. ext . LAURA 's build - morning 60 a passerby cross the street in the cold pass through a small park where we find : lionel , sip coffee , twitching a little and mumble to himself . he seem happier when he 's alone , less anxious about he tics . almost seem to enjoy turn word over ... lionel Laura Rose . Rose be a rise be a rise ... larosa ! and then he see ... LAURA come out of she building , and he 's out and move to follow she ... she walk along in the cold , lionel slide into view behind she as she make she way to ... ext . subway entrance - morning 61 Laura head down the step ... lionel follow . omit 62 int . subway car - morning 63 Laura board the train and move toward a empty seat only to have a white guy move he bag onto the seat and stare at she as the train begin to move . she stare at the man with no expression and he back at she , dare she . she turn she back to he lean against a pole , face directly at lionel , which make he feel a tic come that he comically struggle to suppress . she take a book from she bag , some sort of textbook and begin to read , study and with this he turn away to release a tic and shout . a woman with a SMALL girl react to this and move the child away from he . this make Laura look up over she book for a moment , just as he turn back around and they meet each other gaze for just a second . she be compose and lovely . int . subway car - timecut - a few stop later 64 people getting off and on ... more of they white now . Laura be seat but she see a older white woman come on with a cane and get up to give she the seat . the woman sit without acknowledge Laura . as if she have not be there in the first place . 65 pink revision 63. the board crowd push lionel further in and he find himself stand right next to she as the train start up . ext . fort greene rowhouse STREET - day 65 Laura walk down a block with lionel tailing behind . the neighborhood be edgy , run down , with many board up row house , uncollect trash and abandon furnishings . LAURA go up a stoop and ring a bell . a black lady answer , wary . Laura talk for a moment and remove some papers from she bag , hand they to the woman . the woman glance at they , nod and close the door . another door . she buzze . a face in the second floor window ... a wave . another black lady smile and hand Laura a sheaf of the same form and they talk . lionel can see that the woman be indignant and that Laura be taking note . another door ... this building so bomb out it look abandon but a old black man wrapped in a blanket open and this time Laura go inside . lionel glimpsis she in the window of the first floor . he pull some small binoculars out of he pocket , check around then look through they ... binocular Pov : through the window , LAURA talk with the old man . it 's obviously freezing in there . she take out papers and sit with he , ask question and write he answer into the form . lionel turn around for a closer look at a rowhouse behind he , its front door and second story window board up . he look up at the front door a sign : condemned : property of : belmont developer ... a SOUND surprise he and he jump . to he surprise a woman with two kide come out from the garden level door under the stoop . he think it be abandon but clearly there be people squatting here . the woman eye he fearfully and hustle she kid away . 66 67 68 pink revision 64. ext . inwood residential SERVICES - day 66 tight on : a puddle of water . Stark tree , fire escape & sky reflect in it as LAURA step across it , rippling the surface and we tilt up to find lionel tailing she . he watch as she head for a nondescript storefront / office : Inwood residential service . she go to the door and try it but it 's lock . she turn and face the street , clearly exasperate as a car pull up and gabby get out of the driver side . she and Laura confer and Laura move to get in the car . lionel spot a cab and hail it but hustle over to the storefront for a quick look at the sign on the door : '' inwood : you happy Home be we Business ! '' . hour : 9 -5 lionel look at he watch : 3:21 should be open . but he hustle to he cab . int . cab / ext . roadside / overpass - late afternoon 67 the cab pull over on the shoulder , a distance from the other car which be pull up under a overpass , with hazard light on . lionel 's Pov : the woman get out . lionel get out and pop you hood and check the oil . cabbie buddy , come on ... lionel keep the meter go . he lift he binocular as the cabbie grudgingly comply . lionel 's Pov : gabby shading she eye , look up at ... LAURA , who have climb up the slope to the overpass above and be lowering a tape measure . we pan down with the tape measure to gabby , who record the height of the overpass . on lionel : no idea what they be do . smash CUT to : omit 68 69 pink revision 65 . int . town hall build - continuous 69 face in a buz seated crowd as we tilt up to see gabby & LAURA , hustling down the center aisle of a pack auditorium to where they staff member hold seat near a stand mic . a group of man at two long table on stage with micu . among the man , the mayor and lieberman . lionel enter in the back and take in the scene . he note a guy in the back row with ' PRESS 's card in he hat band and slide into a seat behind he . lionel lean over he shoulder and take out he notebook to play at be a fellow reporter lionel this be not my beat . what 's the story ? reporter ( jacob gleason ) story of injustice and despair , nodd head and assurance , back to business as usual . the american Way . although this one could make it interesting . he indicate gabby down the aisle confer with Laura . he see gabby catch sight of : a tall thin man enter and take he seat . slightly fray but hawk - like eye focus intently on the proceedings . he nod at gabby . lionel deftly slip one of the reporter 's card from he hatband and pocket it with practice ease . a man onstage kick thing off . william lieberman , one of mose randolph 's sub-boss . lieberman we will commence this public comment . State you name , address and affiliation please . I be William lieberman , Mayor 's Commission on slum clearance , resident of e.65th St , Manhattan lady at microphone Cindy Fleming , homemaker , yonker ... but formerly East tremont . my family be force to move when they seize we building for the bronx Expressway , and I want people to know that -- pink revision 66 . he cut she off and speak to gabby . lieberman Mrs. horowitz , you may not hijack this proceedings to air out old complaint against ... gabby ( rapidly , follow rule ) gabby horowitz - Committee on racial discrimination in house - 552 Clinton Ave , brooklyn . I think this be a community hearing ? lieberman on housing not highway ... lionel focus on he ... he voice familiar ... gabby you be make the same promise to ft greene that you make in tremont , where you so-called ' relocation service 's vanish into thin air and leave family like the fleming utterly adrift . people have a right to know what they be in for ! lionel watch LAURA , slip gabby note . lieberman we be totally commit to the welfare of family displace by necessary community improvement program . the past have be instructive and we new contractor will ensure all find adequate home ... as she speak mose randolph enter late from the side , tuning in and already impatient . gabby note he arrival . gabby this be not Long Island you know ... it 's not just a blank canvas you can paint on anywhere you like . there be people here , establish community . randolph shoot a impatient look at the Mayor as he sit ... the Mayor snap up obediently ... pink revision 67 . mayor I hope you all know my name . I be the Mayor , newly reside at Gracie mansion , Manhattan . ( a few laugh ) Mrs horowitz , thank you for work and you passion . surely we can all agree that even in a City as great as ours we have slum . and that a slum be not something to romanticize or preserve . you tear it down and improve quality of -- gabby a neighborhood be not a slum because poor people and minority live there , Mr. Mayor . East tremont be not a slum , third Avenue be not a slum and Fort greene be not a slum either , this be work class community . ( to randolph ) you developer be make it a slum ! this bring randolph lung forward . randolph that be unsubstantiated , unmitigate bunk ! Laura hand she ream of paper which she hold aloft ... gabby we have it on paper , we have twenty people here tonight and score behind they who can testify to a scandalous fraud under way ... which way would you like it first ? randolph slap the table with he flat palm violently , rise out of he chair and overlap she . randolph we be embark on the most ambitious slum clearance program in american history Mrs. horowitz and you be gum it up with you molass ! a niagra of molass ! suddenly a voice in the audience shout : pink revision 68 . voice ( paul ) make he say he name ! head turn . lionel turn . concern on gabby 's face . angle on : the tall thin man , still seat . man ( paul ) name and place of residence , like everyone else ! a smatter of applause . the energy be wind lionel up , he arm and head jerk spasmodically . randolph stare out seek the source of the voice , eye narrowing , glaring . he cross he arm defiantly . he look at the Mayor : '' handle it . '' the mayor rise . mayor now see here , we all know perfectly well who this be ... Mo randolph be one we great public servant . he 's a live legend . man ( paul ) name and residence like everybody else ! the audience cheer , really behind it now . some start to call out '' make he say it ! make he say it ! '' gabby smile discreetly . lionel yelp - lionel every chevy shelf ! randolph glare at the Mayor who be start to sweat . mayor ( try to stay light ) he 's lead the Parks Department for over 30 year ... he 's commissioner of construction , well , he 's get too many job to name ! ( know laughter ) and he life right across the street from I on East 88th , now let 's stick to -- cat call ... a few yell ... many people rise to they foot the man rise to he foot now , raging .. 70 pink revision 69 . man ( paul ) make he say it !! mayor see here now , if we can not keep this civil we will have to ask you to ... man ( paul ) say it ! the crowd chant '' say it ! '' this be too much for lionel ... lieberman nod to some plainclothes security men along the side of the room who quickly descend on the man . and now the crowd be on its foot indignant . as they sweep behind lionel with the man ( Paul ) it 's too much he and he leap up shriek lionel address he by name , Bailey ! so they grab he too and hustle he out with the man ( Paul ) lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) say it , hammy Ham House head !! smash CUT to : ext . town hall meeting / brooklyn STREET - night 70 lionel and the man shrug off the final shove of the cop and stand look at each other in the street . the man be neatly dress but he clothes be visibly wear and shabby . gaunt and gray , he could be take for a bum but he eye be fierce and sharp , hawkish . we will come to know he as Paul . he regards lionel with curiosity ... paul ' hammy Ham House head 's , huh ? that 's good . i’1l have to remember that one . lionel ( still ticcing ) if ! sorry ... if ! paul yeah , that 's the rub in life alright ... ' if 's ... ' if only ’... pink revision 70 . he shake he head and start to walk away mutter to himself unintelligibly . lionel stuff gum , get under control , call out lionel hey , hold on ... tell I something . that guy lieberman , he 's in charge of this Hamilton deal ? paul in charge ? no , he 's not in charge ... more in charge than that guy call himself Mayor but ... ( laugh , turn away ) they all work formosa ... cu : lionel 's face as he barely hear that last word . he run after Paul and grab he by the arm ... paul ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) hey ...! lionel you say '' formosa '' ... what 's that ? paul what ? let I go ! you nut ?! lionel you say '' they be all work formosa . '' what 's that mean ? paul what 's ' formosa 's ? let go of I . ( realize ) '' for mose . '' Jesus . I say they be work for mose . mose randolph . lionel realize : that 's what Frank say to he as he lay die -- '' for mose '' ... lionel Mo randolph ? that guy who come in ? paul yeah ...‘ he who will not speak he name like one of the rabble 's . what do you care ? lionel quickly pull out the reporter 's card . 71 pink revision 71 . lionel Jacob gleason , the Post . let I buy you a cup of coffee . paul I be hungry . you can buy I dinner . int . diner - night 71 Paul dig in like a guy who eat too rarely . lionel pop gum and nurse a tea ... Paul talk like a firehose ... disgorge so much information , even as he chew , that it 's hard to keep up with the thread . huge pent up frustration venting in urgent torrent with hardly a pause between thought ... paul ( appal ) the Mayor ?! that clown be so green he do not even know what he do not know yet . he will be out the door before he even realize that every person he turn to for advice be on randolph 's payroll . lionel I think he be commissioner of Parks ? paul he be . lionel but they call he construction commissioner . paul he 's that too now . they never even have that position until the fed decide to get in the housing game . it have no define power so he define ‘em and the fed approve and now how much control of that money have the City get ? Zero . he 's get it all . you know what ' eminent domain ' mean ? if he say it 's a slum , it go . he use to have to fight to put he highway and park where he want , now he can go anywhere , tear anything down . ( more ) pink revision 72. paul ( cont 'd ) he can condemn a whole section of the city , evict everyone who life there and put up what he want . and he will go at it with a axe . lionel smack axe . he will piss too many people off . he ’1ll be the most hate man in NY . paul no , they love he ! that 's what make I so ... he fly above it . they revere he . lionel why ? paul because he build the park ! as long as you be the guy who bring people park , you walk with the angel , you can not lose . the day rockaway Beach open , mose randolph become a folk hero in this town . but people do not realize how much he hate they . '' the hero of the Public who hate people '' . there 's you headline . and you know who he hate especially ? ( mouth ' negroes 's ) he 's go to seize every neighborhood in this city that 's not white and turn it over to he hand - pick private developer . lionel so he 's get rich . paid off . paul Nah , he do not want money ... he want control and he broker money to get it and guard it . some man be not satisfied unless they have filet mignon . mose would be happy with a pastrami sandwich and power . ( to a waitress ) can I get a piece of cheesecake ? and warm it up . yeah , I want it warm ! ( lean in ) half the city be get a ride on one of he horse . ( more ) 72 pink revision 73. paul ( cont 'd ) $ 3.5 billion since the war ! he cut people in on one piece of it or another but he 's the broker of all of it . ( almost to himself , mute ) Bridge and tunnel and now title 1 ..-- for chrissake , he control every fuckin’ construction job in the city . lionel but you say they just create the position ... so how ...? paul oh , christ ... construction - Parks - slum ...he 's get 14 appointment ! that 's all just ink on a glass door , none of it matter , it 's all the BA . lionel BA ? this actually stop Paul and make he narrow he eye . paul the borough Authority , jeezus . where do you come from , Iowa ? call yourself a reporter ... on what , the Arts beat ? you read emerson ? lionel shake he head , which make he have to jerk it three time hard . Paul observe this ... curious ... paul ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) emerson say '' a institution be the lengthen shadow of one man '' ... ext . borough authority headquarters - night 72 headlights of the wait car light up the front of the massive stone face and step of the edifice where mose work . paul ( 0.s. ) this town be run by the borough Authority and the borough Authority be mose randolph . a73 73 pink revision 74 . as the tall shadowy figure descend the stair toward the car he shadow throws high over the face of the build . int . entrance lobby of NY public library - day a73 lionel walk through the grand marble lobby . int . public library - grand reading room - day 73 lionel walk into the huge room carry a few huge bound volume of newspaper and sit at a table c.u . - articles on mose randolph . one after another announce he accomplishment '' West River Park open '' , '' Hudson highway '' , '' a Grand New Beach for gotham '' , '' bronx Expressway to liberate Manhattan from traffic snarl '' . and effusion of randolph : '' servant of the people '' ; '' a reformer become a builder : ‘to build be to dream 's say mose randolph '' picture : the triborough Bridge under construction . mose smile and shaking hand with one Mayor after another : LaGuardia ; o’ dwyer ; impellitieri ; the new Mayor ... lionel stop on one : '' the Men of the b.a . '' - a photo show randolph seat and smile broadly , surround by man in suit . they name caption : William lieberman , George spauld , Tom brook ... lionel focus on : William lieberman . he be the man in the apartment with minna . the one in charge ... lionel ( whisper ) lieberman . leer man . close on : another article ... '' the private life of a Public man ... many of he close colleague be surprised to learn he have a brother . '' picture : a younger mose randolph and a man who look very familiar ... both in black tie attire and smile ... randolph lean affectionately on he brother 's shoulder caption : '' mose randolph and Paul randolph : 1927 '' lionel 's face : recognize Paul randolph as the man he buy dinner for . he take out he pen-knife and quietly cut out this photo and pocket it . 74 75 76 77 pink revision 75 . int . public library - reading room - later 74 time CUT : lionel be hand the box of papers back to a clerk when he see the clerk 's paper lie open and a small headline : '' builder' assoc to honor mose randolph .... Plaza Hotel '' ext . the plaza HOTEL - night - establishing 75 int . plaza HOTEL - concourse outside ballroom / ballroom 76 Black tie crowd . work class , union boss , wife ... but dress up and slicked for they one big night . martini glass and cigarettes . Union security at the door to the banquet with pin on they lapel . lionel step out of elevator behind a few late arrival who hustle in . Inside beyond the check in table the vast floor of banquet table and stage can be see . not in a tux and with no invite he clearly can not go in the normal way . a bell , signal the start of the program and people flow back in . lionel move across to another door ... more to the side , and slide up to the union security ape . he pull the edge of a envelope from inside he jacket ... lionel gotta get this to Bill lieberman . the pea-brain union ape know that name well enough to have to think ... lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) he 's gonna want to see this before randolph sit back down with he ... too many big name to risk it . the guy wave he in and we begin to hear ... speaker lady and gentleman , settle please and give I you serious attention . we celebration be make special by tonight 's Guest of honor ... omit 77 78 pink revision 76 . int . plaza HOTEL - ballroom - continuous 78 speaker ( cont ’d ) ..- a brother to we Trade who would rightly be hail this country 's master builder . or ... the ' great dirt mover 's , as he like to be call ! lionel : slide into a back corner , waiter flow in and out past he . he look leave and spot ... jacob gleason , the reporter from the public hearing , ina tux . he see lionel and thumb he nose in solidarity . lionel slide up next to he . gleason nod , impressed lionel get in without a tux . he whisper ... gleason do not let they see you take out a notebook . tonight be : ' Press : fuggedaboudit 's . speaker ( cont ’d ) we would have to look to the caesar and pharaoh to find man with a scale of vision to compare with he and yet none of it bear he name , so fully do he forbear the credit , allow the people to say '' we build this ourselves . '' a great man , a man of history , serve the people of this City for over 25 year ... mose randolph ! a eruption of applause : as randolph take the stage . he try to speak and they will not let he . shout as though for a general after a triumph ... lionel you would think patton show up . gleason he pay one and half time union rate as base on all he job . they would pave over they mother for he . lionel 's eye cast around ... spot face : lieberman and the other from the papers . Pov : in the shadow against a column ... Paul . clutch a large , full envelope . stare , inscrutable . he snag two roll from a pass tray , munch one and stuff the other into he suit pocket . pink revision 77 . randolph begin speak ... randolph tonight , over 300 year since the founding of this great city , we recommit ourselves to the ancient truth ... that it be not knowledge but action ... Enterprise ... which be the engine and objective of life . clever man come and go but for every dozen man with a bright idea there be at most one who can execute they . I look around this room and I do not see a lot of Bright boy or goodie goodie progressive with they paralyze ideal ! ( huge laughter ) I see man of my tribe . Men who know how to get thing done ! the doer who make this country great . and a honor by you be all the affirmation or payment I 'il ever seek . I thank you and celebrate you . Wild applause ... the crowd come to its foot again . lionel watch : randolph descend the stage . he 's mobbed by the boss high and low ... all press up to pay respects . eventually mose have to break away . lionel 's eye flick to : Paul ... realize that randolph will not be exite past he , move urgently to cross the room toward he . his envelope under he arm , hunt for a line to cut randolph off before he leave . but the crowd surge and Paul be block . randolph spot Paul though . they lock eye for just a second ... randolph frown , surprised . but something in Paul 's face make he pause ... something both insistent and plead . he see what Paul be hold and he eye narrow , weigh . a small nod ... a crack open that Paul see and almost palpably step toward ... but randolph 's face seem to say ' not here . 's lieberman whisper something to he and with a final look at Paul he turn and be lead out the side exit . Paul 's jaw clenches but he eye be alight and he hustle for a exit ... and lionel follows ... 79 80 81 pink revision 78. ext . upper east side avenue - night 79 lionel follow Paul and then peek around a corner to find Paul pace in the dark along a nice apartment building , near the edge of the light from the canopy doorway . he 's wait , not hide . the big black car pull up ... Paul straighten he hat and smooth he jacket as ..... randolph get out . Paul step out of the dark , block the path to the doorway . randolph stop and they stand face each other in a beam of light from the doorway . lionel lean around the corner to listen and we can see it play out behind lionel like a shadow play that we hear bit of . Paul hold the folder out . randolph stare at he then say something and nod and take the package . they exchange word and begin to argue but then Paul break off , relenting . he point at the package . randolph nod and go inside . Paul stand , stare into the light after he brother , he thin coat blow around he but he head up high . for a moment he seem straighten up by hope . then he turn and walk into the dark . ext . brooklyn STREET - morning 80 lionel hustling through the crowd in the cold . int . the l&l office - continuous 81 lionel on the phone ... muffle it a bit ... lionel Jacob gleason for Laura Rose ... hi yourself ... nah , I gotta cold ... well where would she go ?... that in Fort greene ? fart cream !! ( bury it like a sneeze ) I ' 1l do that ... thanks . he 's off ... 82 83 84 pink revision 79 . int . lionel 's car # 2 / ext . fort greene STREET / brownstone 82 lionel drive down a street look for a address . even more desolate and run down than the first place he follow Laura , a once happy lower - middle class neighborhood of brownstone , now ravage , board up window everywhere . a tense atmosphere ... suddenly he spot LAURA come down a stoop with a young black man . he be talk fast , angry . lionel park and watch in the rear view mirror as they go up into another dilapidate brownstone . lionel get out and approach the stoop . spy that the ground floor door under the stoop be swinging open . knock , wait , look around ... and enter into ... int . dilapidated brownstone - day 83 darker inside ... gloomy . he can hear voice upstairs . daylight cut through in hard shaft . we can see that this be a nice middle class home , but it look like it 's be strip-mine . a empty space where the fridge should be , fixture rip away , nice wall cut open to remove section of copper pipe , now drip . int . dilapidated brownstone - bathroom - day 84 lionel poke into a bathroom and click the light on ... it still work , dimly sputtering . Nice tile break to get at pipe , sink fixture go . he look at himself in the mirror , watch impassively as he own head twitches and spasm mildly . lionel ( to himself ) keep it together , freakshow . he reach for the vanity mirror and open it to see what 's inside only to find ... Pov : he 's look clear into the next room . the wall behind the mirror have be open and pipe stripped out . then ... a black guy step into the frame out of nowhere , look at lionel who jolt and with a yelp step back into ... the angry guy LAURA be with , now block the door . 85 pink revision 80. angry guy look for somethin’ ? lionel scare the hell ... help , bailey ! they look round for who he 's call out to ... angry guy you think you can just walk into people 's home ? lionel look for a friend . do not look like anyone live down here ... angry guy oh , someone live here . my momma live here . least she tryin' to . who you with ? I hope you with belmont . sound like a angle , so lionel nod . lionel yeah ... course . belmont . who else , right ? he look back to the other guy ... and the fist be already crashing into he face black out . int . dilapidated brownstone - parlor room 85 mute sound of argument and foot . the sharp sound of heel . fade up slowly ... woozy Pov : face out of focus . LAURA how hard do you hit he ? angry guy I barely tapped he . fool slip and hit he own head ! lionel sit up a little and focus , he nose slightly bloody pink revision 81 . lionel if !! LAURA ' if 's what ? I / x11 tell you what ' if’ , you better explain who you be if you want to walk out of -- ( pause ) have I see you before ? lionel ( nod - seize the angle ) Hamilton hearing . I be a reporter . she glare at the young man . he look chagrine . angry guy he the one say he 's with they racketeer son a bitch ! they steal she damn fridge and she copper pipe ! what you expect ?! 86 ext . fort greene STREET / int . mystery car - later 86 lionel have tissue up he nose as they walk . LAURA first they put up a notice say the house will be condemn . it 's not true but that scare out about half and they sell for cheap . then they come in and take the nice old family home and chop they into 4 and rent they up . folk who do not leave they harrass ... turn the heat off , come in to do repair and steal copper pipe instead . they re-possess all the refrigerator , even if people buy they themselves , then resold they out of shopfront next neighborhood over . City sell they property worth $ 15 million for $ 500,000 to take the ' risk 's of have to build the Federal project . they have not even submit plan ... just milk it until it really be a slum . lionel slammer for slum lord , Bailey ! pink revision 82. LAURA ( bristle ) oh what , you another one that think we be just ' agitate ’... make it up like some negro propaganda conspiracy ... lionel ( stop she ) no , no . look I get a condition , I say funny thing sometimes but I be not try to be funny , okay ? I be listen . where 's everybody go ? LAURA mostly just disappear . fade away . go into real slum or other neighborhood . some be rent a room in a house they use to own . 200,000 in 2 year just from this part of Brooklyn . mostly negro. latino . lionel but horowitz say they do it in tremont too . LAURA yeah they do it to a few Jews too but not systematic like this . you know how many park have be build in this city since he 's be commissioner ? 255 . how many of that in harlem you think ? 1 . you build a new beach for the ' people 's , but the one with no car , the poor one , the black and brown one ?... how be they go get to the park and beach ? Public bus . guess how high they just build the overpass on the new parkway ? one foot too low for a bus to clear . look forget whether it 's discrimination ... the Federal government and the City be be scamm . there 's suppose to be relocation service , company 's get a $ 2 million dollar contract to handle it but nobody even answer the phone . call the city , they say this folk be on the list for the new public housing . but then it never get build . pink revision 83. they have come to lionel 's car . he stop . lionel you know more 'o any secretary I ever meet . LAURA ( indignant ) Secretary ? who tell you that ? I have get a law degree you know ? i’11 pass the bar first time I sit too . he 's stare at she now ... she 's beautiful to he . she catch it and blushes ... then sharpen she look , suspicious . LAURA ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) how be you gonna write about it all when you do not even take a note ? lionel '' 2 million for relocation ; bridge a foot too low for bus ; 1 out of 255 park ; $ 15 mile for $ 500 k ; 200,000 people in ft greene alone '' . I never forget anything , believe I . not a single word . she nod , impressed . he 's strange but he really look at she and listen . he can not help it and have to tap she twice on the shoulder . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) sorry ... I really can not help it . LAURA ( soften ) it 's okay . just write about it , okay ? what happen to poor people in this city be not news yesterday and it will not be tomorrow . but you have think somebody have care what happen to Brooklyn . it 's only the biggest city on Earth . she sigh and look away . lionel where do you live ? LAURA harlem . 87 pink revision 84. lionel I can give you a ride . train 'il be mobbed . that surprise she but she look at he and then nod . Pov : somebody in a car watch they get in and start he engine along with they . int . lionel 's car # 2 - late afternoon into night 87 she put on the radio and find a Jazz station as ... montage : lionel drive they through the city they do not say much of anything at all but some faster ' bop 's on the radio activate he tics which he try to hide which only make it worse . lionel bebob , Bailey in the Metropolitan bopera House ! shit. sorry . LAURA do not be sorry , it 's kinda funny . lionel yeah . hang around a little longer . she can see that it weigh on he . notice the twitching now LAURA what be all that anyway ? lionel I do not know . it 's like a piece of my head split off and get a life of its own but then decide to keep joyride I for kick . ( !) it 's a fuck anarchist . but the flip side be its gotta have everything in its right place , sounding just right . like I be talk to you but that piece of my head ? it 's worry that the bill in my wallet be not all face the same direction . LAURA I guess we all get we daily battle , right ? 88 89 pink revision 85 . lionel yeah , fair enough . kiss she face all night , Bailey ! he 's mortify by that one but she laugh hard ... lionel ( cont 'd ) I really be sorry , I do not mean nothing by it LAURA it 's alright . really it 's alright she change the music to a cool ballad and they drive on , crossing the bridge into Manhattan and on up to harlem as night fall . ext . king rooster jazz club / int . mystery car - night 88 Pov : someone in a car be watch they park int . lionel 's car / ext . king rooster - continuous 89 the exterior of the little club be hopping . people hustling inside , some folk have a smoke . a cool little kid in a full suit and hat on the sidewalk act like a doorman wave at Laura through the window . Laura point to the building next to the club LAURA this be I . lionel that keep you up night ? LAURA my father own this place . I grow up fall asleep in the back of club . lionel pretty hopping on a Monday night . LAURA yeah , hot band in the world , all week . I gotta check on one or two thing , but ... look , be you really interested ... in what I be tell you ? lionel I come look for you do not I ? 90 pink revision 86. LAURA if you want to come in I can give you a lot more . he look at the club : it 's exactly the kind of scene that spell disaster for he usually . she smile LAURA ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) you can not exactly disturb the peace in a small club with a hot band . she indicate ' C ’mon’ . he give in and they get out into .. int . king rooster jazz club - night 90 this place be for real . no mid-town mainstream joint . a lot of energy ... buzz of anticipation over who 's play ... a few white beat kid from Columbia try to blend in ... almost immediately it start to infect lionel . his head jerk and he pop gum right away ... Laura point he at a table against the wall and boot two young cat out of it with one look . she head for the end of the bar and the cash register , bring the bartender to she with a look . she clearly have the run of the place ... as lionel sit he take it all in ... see eye on he . cock minna 's hat back and watch as a white kid come up nervously to the trumpet player have a drink before he band 's set with he french girlfriend and he piano player . beatnik Excuse I , sir ...? the trumpet player and he friend flick a look up . beatnik ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) sorry ... I be a trumpet player too and I really admire you tremolo ... I just wonder how you develop that ? trumpet suckin 's off little white boy like you . get the fuck outta here ... the trumpet player turn back to he laugh friend , shaking he head . lionel so what , whitey White suck stick ! 91 pink revision 87. this make the trumpet player turn in surprise laugh ... trumpet whitey White suck stick ! ' so what 's be right ... lionel 's Pov : Laura drilling the bartender over something to do with the register count . he 's give she back talk and she 's not have it . she slap the bar hard twice , shutting he up and dress he down . the trumpet player laugh at this and wag he finger at the bartender then take the stage . lionel get up and move to the end of the bar to get a drink , watch she and meeting she eye ... she start walk toward he and smile and it make thing slow down for a second ... and then right as she take the stool next to he ... the music kick in ... a hard fast snare riff : and then it 's on . it hit lionel like a shot and he whoops loud ... but so do half the joint ... and for once he do not seem so weird . Laura laugh and we jump CUT into : int . king rooster jazz club - night 91 a sequence : lionel be get drunk and start to get totally flip out on the hard jazz , ticcing and shouting with abandon , self - consciousness go because it seem to egg on the band ... billy rose : in the door . a young dude lean in to whisper to he but billy 's eye be locked on -- lionel and LAURA , lean together drink and laugh . billy whisper back to the guy and indicate ... suddenly the guy be at Laura 's elbow pull on she and whisper . lionel be too into the music to notice ... he 's on he foot and jerk spasmodically ... but LAURA be have none of it . she know this guy and be tell he to beat it . song end to clap and shout . lionel hoot and whistling . the trumpet player be pick up the vibe off Laura and intervene on the mic .... trumpet uh oh , there 's my favorite girl ... my sister ... 92 93 pink revision 88. everybody look over and this make the guy back off Laura , who shake he hand off she arm hard . billy , he eye fierce on lionel and jaw tight . LAURA grab a clueless lionel and pull he on the floor to dance ... trumpet player get she cue ... trumpet ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) one for my Laura Rose .... he slide into the slow sad theme we heard over the title ... and Laura step up to lionel , other couple stand with they . lionel be still jerk hard , wound up ... billy be frown , furious and worried ... LAURA put she hand on lionel 's shoulder and pull in close , look at he face as if willing he to calm down ... and he doe . slowly she touch settles he , he breathes easier and dance with she , hold still ... billy whisper urgently , angry to two more young cat who nod . they dance slow until the song end ... it can not last forever . trumpet ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) that 's for Laura ... the crowd clap as lionel stare at she not want to let go but she 's see something over he shoulder and she touch he face a second and then , annoyed , break away ... leave he as the band tees off again ... int . king rooster jazz club 92 lionel spin and get swept into the music again jump CUT : lionel have lost he jacket , he tie be loose and he’s in a frenzy . scatting and bopping with the band , drunk and happy . the player be do a call and response with he crazy tourettic shout ... ..- and then suddenly someone have he by the collar . he turn to look for LAURA but she 's gone and he be be bum rushed out the back and into ... ext . king rooster jazz club - back alley - night 93 ... where he get thrown down hard . three young guy loom over he . one give he a good kick to the rib . 94 pink revision 89 . lionel 's on the ground look up , woozy and short of breath . billy there ... look down on he . billy grab he up by the collar , using only he left arm ... the right hanging limp . billy you think I do not know who you work for , cracker ? lionel you get it wrong -- scaredy cat ! cracker Jack ! blackie Black ! this piss billy off even more ... he haul lionel up harder with he one powerful arm . billy I make it through iwo jima , motherfucker ! you think you boss scare I ? you tell he I see any you snoops round she again I ’11l kill you one at a time , then I x11 mail what he 's lookin’ for to the Post for free ! his guy start pull he off ... freak out a bit . Pov : from down the alley around the edge of a corner , someone be watch billy and he boy over lionel ... and listen ... lionel 's Pov : drunk and blurry , billy lean over billy ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) you hear I ! I ’m gonna mail it to the post !! lionel 's Pov : on he back look up at fire escape ... voice '' c’mon billy ... '' . his gaze fall sideways into the alley where , blurry , a silhouett figure seem to be watch . in the backlight the edge of a scarf blow , then be go . ext . king rooster jazz club - back alley - later 94 SOUND of feet , shuffle . a match ... someone snort and spit . lionel 's Pov : fade in ...woozy .... the trumpet player sit over he , smoking ... something in he hand . 95 pink revision 90 . lionel help ... hep ! hep ! trumpet ( laugh ) you be pretty hep in there my man . lionel be out of control ... can not stop jerk , agonizing . c.u . - in the trumpet player 's hand be a pipe ... he be prepping a smoke of something ... something more than weed . lionel fixate on it ... reach for it ... trumpet ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) you head need fixin’ ? lionel nod . trumpet hand it to he and light a match . he lean in , inhale and the flame bloom in lionel 's face and as a trumpet start up , everything goe golden and we fade into .... ext . brooklyn bridge - lionel' dream 95 he 's come out of the golden fog on the bridge , the geometric pattern of the wire and tower above ... he see ... a figure , lean on the rail ... he turn ... it 's minna . he 's wear he same old hat , lionel unconsciously reach for he head but he 's get nothing on it . minna grin and look out across the harbor .... lionel follow he gaze ... dream Pov : fog clear over the river and in beam of light the tower and span of a massive bridge emerge ... impossibly big , span from Brooklyn to the tip of Manhattan . monstrous . lionel ... the fuck be that ...? minna pyramid on the Nile , buddy . lionel what 's go down , Frank ? minna Big thing . too big. ( sad , wistful ) shoulda keep it under my hat . 96 pink revision 91 . he tap he temple and smile , sad ... lionel realize minna no longer have the hat on ... it 's back on lionel , confuse . he follow minna 's gaze out to the East . dream Pov : a almost magical view of brooklyn , all the way to the sea . lionel Jesus , this city have no end . they be gonna cover the world with it . minna Nah , brookly n 's big , but there 's thing even bigger . ( smile ) you gotta get out and see more 'a the world , pal . I be head out . you comin’ ? as minna smile the sun rise behind he and flare in we eye ... clear into -- int . trumpet player 's apartment - harlem - morning 96 sunlight behind a smooth head . a trumpet play soft ... noodle around a melody . lionel 's eye blink at ... minna !? he wake up ... the hat spilling off he face ... minna 's hat ... and sit up and the music stop . he look over at ... the trumpet player ... sit in the window sill by the fire escape , watch he and smoking a joint . after a beat ... trumpet sarge be a good man ... but you gotta watch it round a man 's family ... you know ? lionel sarge ? trumpet billy . how you think he arm get so fuck up ? color Marine unit . carry ammo ' till he pick up a gun and help stop some jap suicide attack . get hit though . some shit , man ... he use to really play too . trombone . jamme with we at minton 's a lot in ' 40 . he be tight . ( more ) pink revision 92. trumpet ( cont 'd ) come back from the war sour as hell . I tell he switch to trumpet ... say I have get he a leave - hander make . Said he lose he mojo . get himself a club . lionel 's head be clear ... he 's remember and want to know thing ... lionel you ever meet he wife ? trumpet Nah , sarge never marry . lionel Laura 's mother ...? trumpet I do not know about any of that . it be always just he and Laura , she be just a little thing hang out in the kitchen and read while we play . ( beat - regards he ) where you learn to scat like that ? ( lionel twitches , he nod ) I get a head like that too . boil all the time , turn thing over and around . that 's jazz ... run you more 'o you run it when it get up in you . Jazz just a way to make it sound fun ... it 's a brain affliction all the same . lionel you be lucky . you get a horn to hide behind . trumpet lotta other hour in the day though , you know what I be sayin 's ? too many . he toke . lionel nod and they let that sit between they . lionel stand and scribbles a number on a matchbook . lionel I be lionel . you ever need a ride anywhere ... give I a call . trumpet player take it and smile as lionel exit . 97 pink revision ext . housing committee office - day lionel be head across the street to the step when he see ... gabby horowitz ... come down they . he stop ... lionel Mrs. horowitz ...? she look up ... he extend he hand . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) Jacob gleason , reporter with the Post ... she look at he quizzically gabby I know Jake very well so I be not sure who ... caught he switch it up mid-sentence ... lionel sorry , Jake , bring I to the Hamilton house hearing . ( extend a hand ) name 's lionel cook ... lies in a cook book !... I be sorry , I be not try to be funny . I have a condition . she do not know what to make of this but he 's twitching too and seem sincere ... lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) I be a new writer for the Times and I be very interested in this story . she shake he hand ... not totally convinced yet . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) I meet you secr -- you aide , Laura Rose . Rose be a rise ! she give I a very illuminate tour of what 's go on in Ft. greene . I want to follow up with she ... this pique gabby 's interest ... 93 . 97 pink revision 94 , gabby really . I think be the press office for the borough Authority be more the business of the Times than expose they . see as you publisher be a investor in the bank that get to float the Authority 's bond at prefer rate . lionel be flummox . smile big ... lionel I be not say I can get it a - 1l but if I do not do the legwork , I can not try can I ? this seem to impress she enough ... gabby well , someone 's go to win a pulitzer off title 1 , so maybe ambition will beat greed . lionel if ! gabby yes , it 's a big ' if 's . Laura 's go ahead to the protest , you can come with I if you want . she look at he and as they walk to the curb we CUT to : int gabby' car / ext . traffic jam - day - drive 98 traffic snarl ... they creep along with gabby at the wheel . he 's try not to tic too much but she 's eyeing he ... gabby a condition you say ? what do they call it , if you do not mind I ask ? lionel never find anyone who could tell I . gabby be that you get chuck out of the hearing with my friend Paul ? she snap pink revision 95 . lionel Paul 's a hammy hot head ! sorry . gabby ( laugh despite herself ) I guess you could call he that , yes . ( sad ) it would not be the worst he 's endure . Laura 's we resident expert on Hamilton but if you really want to understand the way thing work in this town and you can get he to talk to you , take Paul for dinner . lionel I do . gabby ( surprised ) and ? lionel seem like a bit of a quack . ( rapid fire ) quack-quack-quackeroni . gabby now that 's unkind . and incorrect . lionel he 's sure get a bug up he ass about mose randolph . hard to believe they be brother . a look at he , shocked by this statement . gabby I have no idea how you come by that information but I 'il venture it be not from Paul . it 's a knowledge I have never even share with my own staff . ( beat , decide ... ) Paul randolph understand the way a city work like very few do ... the live machinery of it . he 's as brilliant and visionary as he brother . but still a true idealist . lionel so what ... he 's a organizer ? against he own brother ? pink revision 96 . gabby Lord no ... no . he 's one of the most gift engineer of he generation . but he 's have a very rough road for a while now ... hang around the fringe for year pick up scrap on job he should have lead . such a waste . but he have propose a master plan for the redesign of the State 's electrical grid that be a work of genius and everybody know it . they have to approve it and they 'il have to give he the appointment to lead it ... it will make every agency that touch it look good and so even he brother will not be able to deny he . lionel why would he deny he ? gabby because it be mose randolph who destroy he . lionel what make a person destroy they own brother ? gabby they come from a very well - to - do family ... raise for civic duty , literally . they be like the twin prince of the reform movement . but they break horribly . who know why . I have always assume it be because mose go inside and start work for the Governor . lionel not exactly a epic betrayal . gabby oh , the political be personal in that family . Paul be very opinionate as you see and if you disagree with mose randolph you become a enemy of the state . he take more sadistic joy in hurt people than any man I have ever see . he ruin Paul , purposefully and relentlessly . ( more ) 99 pink revision 97 . gabby ( cont 'd ) destroy he career . and he 's more dangerous than ever now . lionel why now ? gabby because the board of estimate vote on both he arterial highway and slum clearance plan this week ! verranzano , Long Island Expressway , title 1 and everything else . ( shake she head ) people have no idea what 's about to happen here . if he put this through , the fate of the City 's write . million of people ground under or catch in this hell forever ... or at least until car can fly . all because one man be blind to the way the world have change and contemptuous of any vision but he own . he think this be the final stroke of he masterpiece so he 's bully everyone into submission . pull out he file . ( beat ) it 's detestable , it sicken the soul ... but I dream that someone will pull out a file on he . and we have be work on it , believe I but we be almost out of time . lionel absorb all of this . horn and angry voice rise around they as we CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON square park - day 99 on the curb : gabby 's car pull up to where Laura and another staff member stand wait . gabby jump out and Laura grab she hand and , leave lionel behind , we rush with they across and through the center of the arch , revealing reformer # 2 speak to the crowd of a large protest . hundred have gather : placard , real citizen of every stripe out in force , energize and angry . reformer # 2 let 's not mince word because the moment we be live in call for name thing as they be ! ( more ) 100 pink revision 98. reformer # 2 ( cont 'd ) this be not a program of slum removal , it be a program of negro removal ! the crowd take up a chant : ' relocate randolph ! 's close on : lionel slide into a spot at the back of the crowd . he scan the scene ... lionel Pov : Laura hand gabby note as she get ready ; some man around the edge who seem to be photograph the crowd ; and Paul : stand back in the fringe , clap as gabby step up to the podium to cheer gabby what be a City ? be it a place where people slave for the lord of steel and concrete ? a corral for the druid of Finance to fleece mankind in ? no ! the City be its people , it be its community ! the City be build to serve US ! lionel 's gaze shift past she to : the big black ba-1 car : slide innocuously in to park on the curb beyond the tree . gabby ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) who 's go to stand up for the City ?! ( crowd roar '' we be ! " ) who 's go to remind the politician and the power broker and the profiteer that the City belong to the people who live in it ?! the crowd roar ... and we CUT to : int . mose 's black car / ext . WASHINGTON sq park - same 100 lieberman and mose randolph sit in the back seat , watch as they talk ... lieberman ..- he 's not here today , he 's not that brave ... but he still might not go along with the vote . say he constituency be up in arm ... randolph we make he borough President and put he on the board of estimate . ( more ) 101 102 pink revision 99 . randolph ( cont 'd ) we be he constituency . do not tell I he will not go along ... he pull a file out of the valise the aide give he and hand it over to lieberman , casually as a man hand over a kleenex . randolph ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) show he that the day before the vote . he will go along . he 's a louse . sound of the crowd , roaring ... randolph ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) ( smile at it ) I have never see so much horseshit in my life . the he start to really laugh ... randolph Pov : from inside the car we can see that the crowd have hoist a effigy of a man with a sign say '' mose randolph '' hang on its neck and they be set it to flame . randolph 's laugh grow bigger , authentically amused . ext . WASHINGTON square park / mosess black car - continuoubo01 outside the car we can hear he muffle laughter as ... Paul watch the car , rage on he face ... lionel watch Paul with mount concern over the violent anger in Paul ... the effigy of randolph , now fully on FIRE , be wave above the cheer crowd ... and we CUT to : ext . STREET near WASHINGTON square park - later 102 the protest be over and Paul be shambling away , pull up he thin coat against the cold . lionel hustle up from behind to catch up with he . Paul perceive he and , after a moment of fear , realize who it be ... ( as before Paul 's speech be like a fire-hose , a manic blitz of information ) paul the reporter who never report ... pink revision 100 . lionel I be still put the piece together . paul you need I to write it for you ? jeez you be no Jacob riis be you ? okay here 's you next headline : '' New Expressway will be the World 's biggest parking lot . '' lionel why ? paul because car be a cancer and road make they metastasize not shrink . we need train but he 's kill the train . lionel why ? paul always with the ' why ? 's because he do not control the revenue from train , he control the toll on bridge and road . borough Authority . you know what a Authority be ? neither do anybody else . he invent it . a 4th branch of govt ...a shadow branch ... with independent revenue that be the only reliable financing for public work , all control by he meaning he control everything and yet nobody ever vote for he and they can not vote he out . lionel that 's just the City , how 's he get it around the legislature ? paul ( without a pause ) section 7 - paragraph 3 and 5 - clause a to F : power govern sale of bond , toll rate , be part of the contract with holder of the bond - that 's the Authority - that 's he . ( more ) pink revision 101 . paul ( cont 'd ) he slip that amendment into the state bill himself , write it himself , and he write a piece of legislation or a contract like the goddam swiss build a watch . he be a master . the people , the people 's court , the people 's elect rep can not stop he . how could they ? they do not even understand how he 's do what he 's do . ( stop and turn ) he be the most powerful person in the history of this City . he isa autocratic caesar . and nobody realize it . they be all walk around calm as hindu cow , think they live in a democracy so what could go wrong ?. now be you go to write it or what ?! lionel where 's it illegal ? how do he make everyone line up ? bribe ? paul bribe be for amateur and fringe player . patronage be the art of the powerful . plus every government secretary be on he payroll and he get carbon of the memo of anyone who oppose he . he put he snoops on they , find dirt or make it up and then break out the file when he need they . ( turn on lionel , angry ) now be you go to write it or what ?! lionel if you have get the goods why do not you take he down ? paul ( snap ) ' Cause it can not be I ! lionel Cause you be he brother ? this be the first thing that stop Paul 's torrent and make he look stricken and vulnerable ... pink revision 102 . paul ' Cause I have still get dream . that 's why . dream I be this close to realize . my contribution to society ... my legacy ! I will not risk it . ( whisper - paranoid ) okay here , look at belmont developer and Inwood residential . lionel what 's that ? paul ( sharp -resentful ) Christ , I be give you the goods ! a map to the scoop of the decade ... do you own damn job ! do the job ! I get enough problem ... and with that he 's leave ... wave off lionel and mutter to himself ... and we CUT to : 103 int . the new york hall of record - clerk desk - laterl03 same day a clerk lead lionel to a open table where he put down a big metal file of record ... lionel move to slide it toward a chair but the clerk stop he . clerk oh sorry , I all need you name and social security number . lionel I be not check it out , I be gonna look at it right here ... clerk sure , yeah ... but , um ...see ... party wishing to review incorporation material of city contractor have to register with construction commissioner 's office . lionel that can not be legal . Eagle ! beagle ! bagel ! clerk not really a law , more of a rule , mr.... ( more ) 104 105 pink revision 103. clerk ( cont 'd ) ( be : lionel 's license ) ess. rog. lionel ass-dog , Bailey ! clerk yeah , so ... this be not a read room but we do insist on quiet nonetheless . and we ’1ll be close in 15 minute . so maybe ... he start to pull the file away but lionel stop he and flip the book and move to sign and see ... close on : the last name on the register be ' Frank minna’ , with Frank 's signature . he 's stand on Frank 's trail ... and he sign . int . the new york hall of record - later 104 lionel sit at the table with the document , poring through they . close on : document of incorporation for '' belmont developer '' , '' Inwood residential service '' ... application for City contract ... detail capture as lionel write in he notebook : the company be incorporate in 1952 ; prior contract with city - none ; reference of note - none ; then he see : officer : william lieberman , GEORGE spaulding , tom brooks . both company ... same name , same partner he double check it in disbelief : lionel ( get work up ) if ! if ! he try to muffle it but he look up and the clerk be stand over he and look at he watch and off he sour smile we CUT to : int . the new york hall of record - lobby payphone - lateo5 afternoon lionel on the phone with tony ... 106 107 108 pink revision 104 . lionel tony . stick around tonight , will ya ? I be on my way back , I get something interesting I just gotta check out one thing on the way ... what ?... company call Inwood but it will not mean nothing until I talk to you ... just wait for I ext . inwood residential SERVICES - night 106 the early evening dark of winter . lionel hustle to the door . int . inwood residential SERVICES - continuous 107 a tiny single room with a single reception desk . absurdly spare . a lone secretary who look up from a book . secretary May I help you ? lionel you have the application for relocation ? secretary yeah , just there ! she point at a huge stack on the counter to he leave . lionel and we can return that here ? it will be my wife most likely . she point again at a even bigger pile ... two or three box of complete form against a wall . she smile and we CUT to : ext . inwood residential SERVICES - a few minute later 108 lionel watch as ... the secretary open the door , brace it open , haul out a box , close the door and lock it . she then heft the box , walk over to a bunch of trash can and lift the metal lid and tip the box in . she dust she hand and walk off for the night . lionel hustle across the STREET , straight to the can . he open the lid and the clang of it echoe in the dark . he reach in and pull up ... a handful of the form . pink revision 105 . he seize a few to hold up into the light and examine when the scrape of a shoe in gravel make he turn into ... the flash of movement of a arm .... thonk . lionel 's Pov : the world spin upward as he go down and we can hear he groan ... backlit by the street lamp , figure in a hat lean down ... lou bend over he , the leather sap still in he hand . lou people 's trash remain private property until its collect . anybody ever tell you that ? behind the smaller man ... the giant step into view , loom almost out of frame ... lou ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) I think we have see each other before , be not we ? ( to the giant ) ai not we ? the giant nods . sound : a match . flame whoosh os , lighting lou 's face , as the giant burn the evidence . lou ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) keep stick you nose in people 's trash and we will be see each other again . they step out of frame and the streetlight flare in we eye and we hear they footstep start away when ... lionel ( 0.s. ) giant faggot munchkin meat ! the footstep stop and start back ... lionel ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) goddam it ... lou lean in again ... closer lou jeez , I be tell to go easy and I do . but now you make I go and do this . he foot rise up and come down into we face with a nasty cracking thud . black . and then we fade up into : pink revision 106 . 109 int . the l&l office - night 109 lionel be hold a ice bag against the back of he head and have a bruise start to color under one eye . he 's go over it all with tony ... coney and danny listen and try to follow . lionel ..- I be tell you , they make tammany look like aa ball ... it 's the biggest gravy train of the century ... and it 's pull out in two day ! coney we coulda use youse in Korea , lionel ... lionel why 's that ? coney Cause ya talk chinese better 'o half the chink in the city ... lionel chinky , chunky chowder ! go to hell , coney . lunk-a-loaf , beef Brain ! coney laugh and look at tony like '' be I right ? '' but tony be not pay attention to lionel 's tics for once ... tony go get he a aspirin , gil ... ( to lionel ) coney fold a straight if the card be not all the same color . do not pay no attention to he . look , people cut deal with the pol for contract , what else be new ? kick up the chain , it 's the nature of thing ... lionel not people ... they be make deal with themselves ! they say it 's a slum or in the route of a road , sell it to themselves for nothing to redevelop it , give themselves the contract to handle the relocation , never do any of it and leave the City hold the bag ! ( more ) pink revision 107 . lionel ( cont 'd ) it 's not kickback , it 's Grand larceny ... land a farce on I ! farce I , Bailey ! he 's really wound up , twitching bad . tony calm down ... ( to Danny ) you get any weed ? give ' ima smoke . lionel resist ... tony ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) have a smoke , freak - - . lionel , have a smoke , you need to calm down . Danny pull a joint out and start it up hand it to lionel who go ahead and take a deep pull . tony ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) okay ... so it 's big stuff . how be Frank into it ? lionel every one of the officer of the borough Authority be gonna make million . but none of it tie to he . tony to Frank ? lionel to randolph ! tony ( incredulous ) the Parks commissioner ? lionel it 's all about he . the girl have the line on the scam , she 's be digging into that company for horowitz . I think she find something that tie randolph right to it . Frank be on she and figure it out . when he make he play to randolph 's man he say he have a signature . I be tell you , it 's randolph . ( more ) 110 pink revision lionel ( cont 'd ) we lose they on the borough Bridge , for chrissake -- tribe of Rough rider . fuck . me. bailey ! dammit , they have a pass for the borough Authority Bridge , T , they wave they through ... worked up and exhaust , he suck hard on the joint . be listen very attentively to he ... tony alright ... alright , calm down . fuckin 's lionel ... I think you be on the sniff . I do . but what 's the angle on the guy at the club ? her father . what be Frank do talk to he ? lionel I get no idea ... part make no sense to I . but he know something . tony nod . tony go home . let I do some call around . lionel look at he ... confuse ... get high ... lionel who you gonna call ? tony just trust I and let I run with it . I be on you side . 108 . tony lionel do not know what that mean but he 's too stone now to sort it . he nod . danny C ’mon . i’1l give ya a ride . int . lionel 's apartment - night lionel enter , stone and sore . 110 tight on : minna 's hat , as he hang it on the wall next to he own pink revision 109 . he flop on the bed and the cat appear and he stroke it . he have just close he eye when the ringing phone jolt he like a SHOCK . he answer it ... lionel yeah ... billy voice I know who you be . lionel say nothing ... billy voice ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) you be one of minna 's boy ... lionel who 's minna ? who be this ? billy 's voice do not bullshit I , motherfucker . you give you card to the man with the horn . you know who this be now ? lionel yeah . okay . so what ? billy voice where 's the envelope ? lionel I do not know . ( beat ) what 's in it ? billy 's voice hold on ... sound of billy do something .... billy voice ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) we can not talk about it like this . it be not safe . meet I up at the club . Park up the block and come in the back , I ’1l1 let you in there . click . lionel look at the phone a beat . then he sit up and go to a desk drawer and open it and pull out minna 's automatic pistol . he drop the mag out and check it and shove it back in and on the SNAP we ... CUT to : 111 112 pink revision 110 . ext . king rooster jazz club - back alley - night 111 lionel pause at the open of the alley , check around he when ... bang !... a muffle report snap he head around . be that a shot ? hard to tell where it come from . lionel walk cautiously down the alley , past trash can where billy yell at he , reach the back door of the club . he prod the door open slowly with he foot . lionel ( call quietly ) billy ? sound of voice cursing softly , feet moving . he cautiously enter the back door ... int . the king rooster jazz club - continuous 112 over lionel 's shoulder as he work he way into the club by the back hall and emerge into the back of the stage revealing ... the figure of billy sitting in a chair on the bandstand , the light from the street silhouett he lionel billy ...? you hear that ? lionel stop cold ... billy be hold a gun down by he side with smoke still curling from the barrel . he seem to be stare forward toward the front where the door be creak open as though someone have leave fast ... but something be odd ... and then as lionel come around he he can see ... billy rose be dead in the chair ... blood run down he white shirt from a gunshot wound through the chest and a belt tie around he chest to hold himself up . a suicide ? lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) oh no ... billybillybeboprose ...oh shit ... then he stop cold , hair on he neck rise ... the gun be hanging in billy useless right hand . lionel rip he gun out , spin toward the front . SOUND of a car starting on the STREET . he hustle to the front cubicle and burst out onto ... pink revision 111 . 113 ext . king rooster jazz club - night - continuous 113 lionel burst onto the STREET in time to see ... a black car turn the corner , smooth and quiet ... spooky ... and go . 114 ext . king rooster jazz club - night - a bit later 114 cop car ... patrolmen guard the door . a detective be interview lionel ... not you average 3rd class Dick ... this guy have rank ... detective ( spin it already ) so he tell you to come and then bump himself so you could find he before staff come in probably . lionel ( exasperate ) I already tell you , I do not just find he ... I hear it happen . he do not shoot himself ... shoot my shit !... sorry ... I '' tired ... somebody shot he and set it up to look like he punch out . I hear ‘em leave . detective uh huh . powder burn on he shirt . Point blank . neighbor tell we he have money problem ... seem pretty straightforward , friend . lionel the gun 's in he right hand . detective so. lionel he 's get a dead right arm , ace . War wound . he can not lift a Zippo with it let alone a .38 . you wanna show I how he shot himself in the heart with he leave hand and then hand it off to he right before he say goodnight ? detective no sign of struggle ... 115 pink revision 112. lionel bullshit , there 's bruise come up on he neck and little scratch from where he try to claw someone off he . detective guy 's darker than ink... you gonna tell I you can spot a bruise on a neck like that ? ( grin ) he propped himself up with he own belt ... dignify , I 'il give he that . the body be be bring out on a stretcher . lionel glance at the cop , something not right ... lionel they usually put division dick on dawn patrol in harlem ? detective oh , we go wherever we be need . must be some brass that love jazz , want he to get due respect ... he wink as over he shoulder lionel see ... LAURA running down the sidewalk . he sprint toward her to stop her ... LAURA oh no ... oh nooooo ! she push past he to billy 's body , distraught . wide : the sad tableau of she bent over billy 's body with lionel hang behind ... and music float in as we CUT to : int . LAURA 's hallway / apartment door - night 115 he escort she up the stair of the tenement apartment to she door . she insert the key but stop with she hand on it . her head fall and she start weep . he reach down gently and pull she hand off the key , turn it himself and open the door . she stand in the doorway with tear fall silently down she face . pink revision 113. LAURA I can not think of the last time I see he smile ... but ... why would he do that ... to himself ...? her voice break ... he lift she face up ... lionel he do not . someone want it to look that way . she shake she head ... LAURA man be angry as long as I can remember . but nobody hate he like that ... nobody . he reflexively touch she shoulder three time in a row . she accept it ... too upset to care . LAURA ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) who would do such a thing ? lionel same people do it to a friend of mine . she look up , confuse ... but too sad to try to understand . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) you get somebody you can call ? she shake she head and weep ... lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) you be all alone ? LAURA you get no idea ... she weep . he kiss she forehead but pull back , awkward . LAURA ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) could you ... stay with I a while ? lionel you want I to ? she nod and we ... fade to : 116 pink revision 114. int . LAURA 's apartment - the next morning 116 wide on the room : in the spill of morning light , Laura be asleep on she side on the bed , face we , with lionel 's coat drape over she . lionel have fall asleep in he clothes , beside she , awkwardly against the headboard . two shot on the bed : as Laura wake with a sharp inhale and turn over stare at the ceiling , processing that it 's all real , numb . realizing lionel be still there , she sit up slightly next to he ... her movement bring he awake and he 's immediately uncomfortable about have fall asleep next to she . lionel if ! ah , sorry ... I do not know what happen ... do not mean to fall asleep . sorry . LAURA it 's okay ... I appreciate you stay . lionel listen , I know how you be feel , I really do . pretty soon you be gonna hear he voice in you head tell you to pull yourself together and get move . and when you do , you will feel he smile again . this triggers she and she weep . he sit with it until she recover . LAURA why you be so nice to I ? lionel Cause I think you be a good person . you actually care about what happen to other people . and you try to make a difference . that 's a good way to be . LAURA you be sweet . she take he hand , wind she finger into he . lionel well , that be not how most people describe I when they meet I , but I be glad if you think so . if ! pink revision LAURA ( smile ) anybody ever tell you you talk in you sleep ? lionel I never sleep with anybody . LAURA you never sleep with anybody ? lionel I be with girl ... just , not the kind that stay to sleep . she 's touch by the loneliness in this LAURA who 's Frank ? his expression change ... a little suspicious lionel what ? LAURA you say that name in you sleep . you seem ...upset. ( realize ) be he you friend who get ...? lionel nod ... she look at he , search ... lionel I work with he ... I work for he . I know he since I be 12 . I be at that Catholic Home for boy on dekalb . they throw I in there when I be 6 , after my mother die . he kinda .. take I under he wing . she absorb this ... lionel ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) he never call I by my name . he call I '' Brooklyn '' . he have say ' look at you , motherless Brooklyn . get no one look out for you . 's LAURA we all need someone look out for we . 115 . pink revision 116. she kiss he softly , linger a second . she roll off the bed and out of frame ... he watch she go , affect by she . angle on : a photo in a frame on the shelf near the bed ... a beautiful young black woman in a 2us - style dress , smile . her skin very dark , eye white and shine ... happy . holding a little baby , wrap up . lionel that you mother ? ( off she nod ) she be beautiful . LAURA she die a long time ago . I do not remember she . I guess we both get nobody now . he study she ... lionel listen ... I gotta ask you ... be you hold something out ? LAURA what ? lionel on Hamilton ... you and horowitz . this BA goons be scared of something big . something that tie all this fraud you be digging around right to the top man . do you know what it be ? she sit up ... brain spin LAURA no ... I mean , somebody 's get rich but ...no ... lionel if you be hold some card and you be wait to play it to block that vote , you be play a dangerous game . they already kill Frank and you father for it ... LAURA what 's billy get to do with it ? she seem she nod , pink revision 117. lionel billy know something about it . he and my friend together ... LAURA ( totally perplex ) that 's not possible ... he do not even ... he do not even know what I be work on . I get a uncle know gabby that get I that job . ( beat ) you be not a reporter be you ? lionel ( shake he head ) no , and my name 's not Jake , it 's lionel ... look ... Frank be a investigator . they hire he to keep tabs on you committee . he be follow you . I start poke around it to figure out who do to he , now ... I have just get glass in my brain . I do not even know what I be after . throw . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) I be sorry for lie to ya but believe I , you gotta take this seriously . can you stay around here today ? LAURA gabby 's expect I . we be prepare she testimony before the vote ... it 's important but ... ( flustered ) I need to make arrangement , a funeral ... lionel all that can wait cause if I be right the coroner 's office will not release the body to you yet . get one of the guy from the club to take you down there . then stay around people you know until I come and get you , alright ? fearful . the sizzle and pop of a edgy riff come up and we CUT to : 117 118 119 120 pink revision 118. ext . LAURA 's build - moment later - morning 117 lionel exit she building and immediately large men be on either side of he , pluck the gun from he holster before he can even make a move , moving he toward a car . not cop ... but they have that familiar pin on they lapel ... and , like minna on the day he be kill , lionel be push into a black car and away it goe ... as we CUT to : ext . borough authority headquarters - morning 118 lionel be escort in . int borough authority headquarters - waiting room - cont119 lionel stand in the antechamber of a office off a grand lobby ... every detail say that this be the seat of power . the two muscle in suit stand totally silent block the exit . not threaten ... just there . impassive . the inner door open revealing : William lieberman . he look at lionel with the cold scrutiny of a practice strategist , size he up . then he nod and open the door wider nodd lionel into ... int . mose randolph 's office - continuous 120 Big . a commanding view of the East River on both side , flow around the island on which they sit , under the triborough Bridge which can be see loom above as well . the office of a kingpin ... in the center be a massive table with a model of the whole of New York 's five boroughs ... the piece all movable . bridge and elevate highway and huge apartment tower all place ... infrastructure that will not exist for more than a decade ... a glimpse of New York City in the future ... .».- and on the other end of the room , wait by he desk with he arm cross be mose randolph . he look up as lionel enter , gesture that he come join he by the model of the CITY . without a word , lieberman slide to a chair on the periphery and light a cigarette , which he smoke through the scene , languid and cool . pink revision 119 . randolph stand regard lionel who nervously hide he small tics in fake adjustment of he neck such ... randolph you know who I be ? lionel I be ask around about that but everybody seem to have a different answer . randolph laugh loud and sharp . randolph ha ! speak like a true snoop ! his loud laugh make lionel ' yelp 's involuntarily but he hide it as a sneeze . now randolph be smile big and we see what a magnetic presence he can have . a Emperor in a good mood ... lionel what 's you take on it ? randolph ( beat ) easy . I be a builder . lionel look at the enormous model of the City ... lionel I can see that ... randolph reference Manhattan island ... randolph when I be a boy you know how many bridge there be on and off Manhattan Island ? two . a shitty old train trestle here and ... ( he put a finger on .. ) the Brooklyn Bridge . and when you walk across that you be step in horse dung most of the way . you mostly scuttle into New York off a dock ... like a rat . I build that ... ( indicate bridge road and park ) and that ... and that and that ... and now you vault over river on the span and parkway of Olympus . pink revision 120 . lionel they be nice bridge , I will give you that . randolph turn to he with a smile . randolph thank you . and I want you to give I something else ... if you find it . have you find it ? there 's no smile in this . lionel answer with a question . lionel what 's in it ? randolph slander . falsehood . forgery , most likely . lionel then you get nothing to worry about , the law 's on you side . randolph very little that I have achieve in my life have relied on legality . I do not intend to lean on that slender branch now when thing matter most . lionel you be above the law ? randolph no , no ... I be ahead of it . lionel what 's the difference ? randolph look at he vision of the City ... randolph Law 's just a rule book we make for the world we find ourselves in . you rebuild a city , you have to push ahead into a new world that most people can not even envision yet ... then the law follow along and adapt to what you have do . lionel who you rebuild it for ? pink revision 121. randolph ( obviously ) the future . the people to come . ( gesture ) in 50 , 100 year , what do you think will matter out of what we do now ? what do you think will help people make the world of science fiction real ? the law from today ?! or road and bridge and tunnel for commerce to move swiftly on , park and beach to let people escape the rat race and inspire the mind , palace of culture where hellish slum use to be ... lionel sound great unless you be a person who 's in the way now . randolph laugh and point at the City map ... randolph Central Park : greatest urban park in the world . they start building it when there be not even a city past 57th St . they kick out farmer and tenant squatter , sheep herder out of muddy field and filth . they move some tree . and people protest the loss of goddam ' countryside 's . but if one man have not be able to see ahead to what we have need , this city have be unlivable today , would not it ? yes it would . people do not even know Fred olmstead 's name but they should thank he every day . I do . ( with tooth ) the important thing in life be to get thing done . that who can , build . that who can not , criticize . but I will not obstruct the great work of the world because some chipmunk start screeching about have to relocate they nut . that word be more than lionel 's head can take .. lionel screech-a-munk-nut-chip ! 121 pink revision 122. his arm snap out twice with this exclamation ... lieberman pause mid-smoke ... he eye widen ... randolph stare at lionel , measure this ... he seem to grasp that this be a affliction ... not a offense . he put a hand on lionel 's shoulder with fatherly aspect , tower over he ... pull he into this vision ... randolph talent and brain get reward in this building , lionel . work with we on this and I 'il see to it personally that you gift be appreciate . he step back and go back to he ' city ’... randolph ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) ( without turn ) but that 's today 's offer . let we know where you stand by tonight . int BA headquarters - waiting room - a moment later 121 lieberman escort lionel out to he two ' body man 's and nod . they hand he back frank 's gun . as lionel holster it . lieberman I hope you appreciate how rare it be for he to take such a personal interest in someone ... like you . lionel I be flatter . flatten I , Bailey ! lieberman regards lionel curiously ... lieberman it 's funny ... we read it wrong . lionel how 's that ? lieberman we do not make you for the Ace in minna 's deck . he nod at the two big men and turn away . lionel process that as the big door close and we CUT to : 122 123 124 pink revision 123. int . lionel 's build - stairwell / landing - day 122 look down the stair as lionel come up to he apartment . he stop ... staring up to the landing at : int . lionel 's build - lionel 's apartment - continuous123 Pov : his door have be jack open ... the whole knob mechanism have be undone as though by a locksmith and the door sit slightly ajar . clearly a pro job and no attempt to hide it . he step up and push inside to find he SMALL place be a wreck . they have roll every inch of it while he be meeting with mose , just to be sure . lionel Son of bitch ... crash ! lionel jump a foot at the sound to he right and scramble to pull he gun ... ..- but it 's just the cat who have knock a pot off the kitchen counter . the stress of it all be wind lionel up lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) cat-attack -tack-a-cat ! god-damn - it . he quickly pop the lid on a tin of food , toss it down for the cat and split , angry . as we CUT to : int . the l&l office - afternoon 124 lionel storm in and danny look up as he go over to he desk . danny you good ? lionel no. loosey Goose thready head fuck !! danny Jesus , calm down ... what 's up ? lionel be spread out everything ... close on : he note , the word '' formosa '' , '' signature '' , the newspaper photo of mose and Paul randolph , King rooster matchbook ; the photo of LAURA and billy ... pink revision 124 . lionel fixate on it all , mutter to himself , try to see what he 's be miss ... lionel there 's a loose thread , Danny . it 's make my brain hurt ... I can not ... he pick up the photo of Laura and billy , scan they each again ... there be only 4 or 5 ... he look up suddenly ...to danny ... lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) where 's the rest ? danny huh ? lionel shutter bug shit ! you say you take a whole roll ... where 's the rest ? danny in the darkroom ... that 's all the one of she . everything else be before she show ... lionel be move ... push into the photo room ... danny ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) I check they good . you see some of ‘em ... there 's nothing . her old man come out for a smoke be all ... lionel , jeez ... Danny come after he but lionel be back out the door , almost hit Danny with it in he charge to the desk ... a SMALL stack of photo in he hand . he drop they on the desk and start to scan they . photo : the King rooster ; some guy go in ; billy walk toward the club ; billy enter ; emerge again ... danny ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) see then he come out for a smoke ... give a bum some money ... photo : a blurry one of a figure in a hat walk up to billy 125 126 pink revision 125. danny ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) I be just get my focus set up ... photo : focus sharp now ... billy talk to someone , he look nervous ... lionel 's face : as he flip to the next photo and freeze , eye go wide ... photo : billy be talking to Paul randolph ... Paul be obviously say something angry to billy and billy look scared . last frame ... billy give Paul a few buck and Paul shuffle off . lionel dammit ! ! photo in hand , lionel be charging for the door , shove picture and clipping in he pocket ... reaching for car key ... danny you say to id the girl !!! lionel where be the car ?! danny coney and tony get they both ... but lionel be out the door ... int . housing committee office - afternoon 125 lionel be hustling Laura out into the reception area , look for a private place to talk ... a few of the staff glance over as he pull she urgently by the arm ... he face be grim and angry . she look flustered ... LAURA where be we goin--- he pull she into ... int . housing committee office - men 's bathroom 126 he pull she in , lock the door and shove the photo in she face . lionel who be that ? with you father ? pink revision 126. LAURA where do you --? lionel answer the question . do you know who that be ? LAURA ( soft ) Paul . Paul Morris . lionel Paul ' Morris 's ? be that the ' uncle 's who get you this job ? she shake she head but clearly he 's hit the mark ... lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) do not shine I ! you think I do not know who that be ? her face register shock ... how could he know ... she stammer .. they start overlap , not hearing each other ... he stare LAURA my father ... lionel you father and you ' uncle Paul 's be into this together ... LAURA no ... lionel yes , goddam it . be you in it too ...? LAURA no ... that 's not my father with my uncle Paul ... it 's my uncle billy with my father ... Paul . at she in shock . LAURA ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) you remember that picture of my mother ? now look at billy . now look at I . ( re : she light skin ) you see ? Rest of the world might look past I without see , but I do not . ( more ) 127 pink revision 127. LAURA ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) they never say so , but it do not take much to put it together . why else he take such a interest in I ? take care of I when billy be in the war ? pay for law school when he 's get nothing ? lionel he 's use you . he 's use you to get back at he brother . LAURA I do not think he 's get family . lionel pull the old newspaper clip .... hand it to she . lionel his name 's not Morris ... it 's randolph . mose randolph be he brother . he 's use you to blackmail he ... she stare at the photo , blink ... LAURA that 's not ... lionel stay here until I come to find you . he 's head out the door and have to push past gabby and some other gather in concern ... LAURA that 's not possible ...! int . paul randolph 's apartment - afternoon 127 Paul be answer the door ... he flophouse studio be a spare freezing single room , but neatly order . lionel burst in ... he stick the photo in Paul 's face . Paul grab it and he color drain ... lionel you know what that tell I ? you and billy set this up with minna to try to blackmail mose ... paul hang on -- pink revision 128. lionel ( a torrent of accusation ) it 's you who find whatever they be scared of . you have finally get something bad enough to sink you brother so you give it to minna to put it in play cause you think if you hide behind Frank you could do the damage and still get you engineering plan pick . and you make it look like it come from Laura so you could hide behind she too ! but people be get kill if you do not notice ! she 's you own daughter and she life 's at stake now because of -- paul shove he up against the wall in a rage paul you do not know what the fuck you be talk about !! you know how many time I could have sink he ?! he sink I ! he sunk I !! lionel sink a song of sunk men !!! Paul fall off he in despair ... he break paul ' hide behind she 's ? I give up everything for she ... everything I could have accomplish ... my whole goddam life ... down weep with the frustration of year ... lionel be that what it be about between you and he ? you be with she mother and he hate color -- paul I will not discuss such thing with you ! I know you be not a reporter . load 'a shit . you be minna 's guy . ( beat ) I be sorry for you but it be not I . Frank put it all together ... he and billy think they could get something out of it . ( more ) 128 pink revision 129 . paul ( cont 'd ) foolish greed . I try to stop they . I tell they it would put she at risk . all of they ... now look . Paul look up , suddenly very concerned ... paul ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) you be into something you do not understand . if you just stand up to he on principle , like I do , he will ruin you for spite . but if something or someone threaten he work , he will destroy it . destroy . end . slam CUT to : int . a taxi cab - afternoon 128 jazz on the radio ... dischordant , harsh ... lionel sit in the back , head spin ... low winter SUN flaring in he eye he tip frank 's hat forward to shield they and lean back ... lionel Frank frankady franko ! what 's it about , Frank ? SOUND go muffled a eerie ... sound of music over horn flashback to a image : minna in the dream on the bridge , tapping he forehead and mouth word we can not hear but might make out or remember ( " keep it under my hat . '' ) and this throw lionel 's mind to ... another image : lionel 's Pov from the car in the first scene , sound come in now like a dream ... minna leaning in the window grinning coney 's voice ( flashback ) what 's go down here Frank ? minna I gotta keep this one under my hat , boy . minna wink and .... lionel 's eye pop OPEN in the cab ... lionel if ! 129 pink revision 130 . not breathe , he tip minna 's hat back and slowly pull it off he head ... stare at it ... lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) frankady frankly franko Frank ... he put he finger inside the hat 's inner band and slowly run they from front to the back where they stop ... feeling something ... and then he pull out a fold piece of paper ... wrapped around ... a key . shaking , he finger start to unfold the paper ... lionel 's face as he read it .... lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) take I to Penn Station ... int . penn station - late afternoon 129 the old penn station ... the now - destroy masterpiece of vault iron ... the grandest terminal ever build ... lionel move through the drift crowd and beam of low yellow winter sunset , head toward ... a bank of luggage locker ... he search for a number , find it and insert the key ... the door open . he reach inside and pull out ... minna 's envelope . he sit on a bench and open it tight on : the item spilling out ... document and a woman 's watch . lionel flip through they , studying ... tight on detail : numerous HOTEL registry card with the name '' mose randolph '' on they and he signature ; employment record for the same hotel for a '' Bella Rose '' ; a fine watch inscribe '' to Bella '' ; and last ... a birth certificate ...of LAURA rose . 1927 . the mother 's name be list '' Bella Rose '' and sign . the witness be '' billy Rose '' , sign . the father 's name : '' mose randolph '' ... and it 's sign . lionel flip to the hotel registry . the signature be the same ... 130 131 pink revision 131. lionel 's face : register the impossible . cu : under all the ' evidence 's , a fold document with note write on it -- '' for lionel , if you find this ... F '' on lionel : as he unfold it and read , puzzle at first , then he react , contain emotion lionel ( whisper ) ah Frank ... Frank frankady franko . he fold that document and put it in he coat pocket , put all the rest back in the envelope , put it back in the locker , lock it up , look around and exit .... and we hold on that door and it 's non-descript number ... then turn to see lionel blend into the crowd and we ... rise high over the grandeur of the terminal with the secret locked up in a SMALL corner and the world go by . and then we CUT to : ext . paul 's build - magic hour 130 someone 's Pov : watch lionel enter Paul 's building ... SOUND of a buzzer take we into ... int . paul 's apartment - same 131 the door have be leave open and lionel enter to find paul sit at he humble table by the street window , still glow in the fade light . paul look up . paul you find it . lionel ( nod ) there 's only one way I can make sense of it . Paul wait for it ... lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) he do not sign she birth certificate . you do . he sit . Paul sigh ... a secret hold for so long ... ready to confess . pink revision 132. paul billy bring she to we family 's home . we servant try to send they away and billy start yell . we be at dinner with we mother , for godsake . I follow Mo to the door . he scorn they , refuse to acknowledge , but I see the truth in she face . and he . the way he look at she . even 6 month go , she be beautiful . he send they away with threat . but I follow they . I get they to take some money ... later get a doctor . lionel you confront he about it . paul I begge he . I invoke every principle and value we have be raise to champion . I be ... in anguish . you can not understand ... we whole young life , he be my hero . we write we creed . we be go to fix the world together ... but to serve people , you have to love people . Mo try but he be so brilliant that he resent lesser mind and he become hard . obsess with win and addict to power . totally contemptuous of ... ideal . lionel and everything he do to you be over she ? paul ( harder now ) oh no ...no , that be just the first indication of he path to true corruption . do you know why he 's not money corrupt ? how he can afford not to be ? why I live ... like this ? because on she deathb , he put a pen in my mother 's hand and cut I out of we inheritance . he need a fortune so that he have never have to work for money . and so he steal it . ( real hate ) ( more ) pink revision 133 . paul ( cont 'd ) this phony ' man of the people 's ... the Jews call a man who 's not what he seem to be a ‘apicoris’ . that 's a dangerous thing , when people be not see for what they really be ... a very dangerous thing . ( to himself ) .».. or a sad thing , right ? lionel apicorpricot ! Apple core it ! paul right . lionel nobody else know who she be ? paul not even horowitz . lionel why ? paul she would have use it . and use it to good effect . ( beat ) but it would devastate Laura . totally . satisfaction will not unburden a torture heart ... so I can hold it ... and so can you ... please . lionel pull the key from he pocket and hold it up before place it in Paul 's hand . lionel it 's in a Penn Station locker . if anything happen to I , mail it to Jacob gleason at the Post . paul the Post be a rag ... lionel yeah but the Times be in randolph 's pocket too . I gotta go get she out of town until after that vote . pink revision 134 . 132 ext . paul 's build / STREET - night 132 lionel exit and turn the corner under the elevated track Pov : someone close on he fast from behind ... hand reach out to grab he . lionel spin fast ... fist up to see : tony tony heya , lionel . lionel what be you do here , tony ? tony watch you back . whaddya say we get a drink ? 133 int . brooklyn bar - night 133 a old school bar . lionel and tony sit at a small table . lionel how long you be follow I ? tony I be not . they put I on he building . I see you come along . lionel '' they ' ? tony let 's do not bullshit each other , you be talk to they too . lionel not work for they . be you follow I when billy say he have mail it ? you tell they that ? they kill he and he do not even have it . but why try to figure any of it out ? you be just move up , right ? he 's agitate , twitching . a waitress come up ... tony Seven and Seven . have a drink , lionel . pink revision 135 . lionel hot water . tea bag on the side . sugar and milk on the side . very hot . hot sugar tit milky tea face ! the waitress react ... tony do not pay he no mind , doll . there 's something wrong with he head . she shrug ... go off ... lionel there 's nothing wrong with my head . tony coulda fool I . lionel how long you be fuck Julia ? ( no response ) after all he do for you ? you can not find someone else to bang ? tony do not flinch at that ... tony everybody 's get a find they own way in the world , lionel . you think I be go to hang in Frank 's shadow all my life ? okay for you , not for I . not for she . the waitress bring the drink . waitress careful ... she depart again . tony ( be : the tea ) c'mon , let 's have a real drink , lionel . what 's the big fuckin’ deal ? we help they get what they want and get on a new ride . a easier ride for once . after all the shit we have to survive just to grow up ? we be due a easy gig . you especially . ( more ) pink revision 136 . tony ( cont 'd ) C ’mon I know you get a talent and I will make sure there 's a place for you . be real partner . lionel pull the mug over toward he and start dip the tea bag slowly up and down in it . lionel I ' 11 think about it after tomorrow . I get something I gotta go take care -- tony do not go up to harlem tonight , freakshow . lionel freeze ... stare ... tony ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) see I be not quite as far outta the loop as you think . ( beat ) we be close it up tonight . lionel ( desperate ) no . no , I find it . I have get what they want . tony , call they off . tony it 's the last loose end and it 's outta my hand anyway . now let 's just have a drink -- and lionel fling the boiling water right in he face . tony shout , grabbing he face and lionel be exploding out of the seat and heading for the door but tony lunge , knocking over there table , seizing he in a wrestler tackle , spinning he around and slamming he to the floor , crashing on top of he and immediately seizing he throat in a murderous choke lionel tries desperately to break he hand away , then goe for the gun strapped to he but tony slam he knee into lionel 's chest , blocking he ... lionel be getting desperate , close on : he hand searching for anything , finding the heavy glass sugar shaker rolling on the ground . and he bring the heavy glass shaker up against tony 's temple ... hard ... with a nasty crunch . 134 135 136 137 138 pink revision 137 . tony goe over and off he with a grunt , stunned , lionel scramble to he knee and hit he again above the eye . and tony be out for the count . that 's all the open lionel need . he be up , choke , out the door and into : ext . STREET by bar - night 134 lionel be sprint , breath exploding in the cold AIR . turn a corner and stop at ... a payphone . dial fast ... lionel bettya' voice ( 0.s. ) Laura Rose please ... what ? I be sorry she 's go for the where have she go ? when ? when ?! day . oh , I think she go home . who be th - -? about 15 minute ago . who -- he hang up and he 's off ... and we start cutting between : int . subway car - night 135 LAURA board the train . she be fight back tear . int . taxi cab - same moment 136 lionel lean forward to the cabbie ... lionel 149th and St Nicholas . harlem . floor it , I get money ! int . subway car / taxi cab ( intercutting ) - night 137 Laura move from one car to another and a man seem to be follow she . the cab , racing uptown , beat a yellow light go red ... in the train : a announcement that the train will go no further due to a breakdown . Laura groan and prepare to get out with other passenger lionel come out of he skin in the back . ext . harlem STREET - night 138 Laura walk in the cold , farther from home than normal 139 140 141 142 pink revision 138. ext . / int . taxi cab - continuous 139 lionel look out the window : the king rooster and LAURA 's build come into view Pov : Laura a few step from she corner he crank the window down and scream her name , but as he do a large truck pass drown he out . it clear and she 's round the corner , unaware . he 's not go to catch she ... he hurl money at the cabbie and leap out practically still roll . ext . STREET / king rooster jazz club - continuous 140 he immediately look up at : LAURA 's apt window . a light in the window suddenly goe out . someone be waiting in her apartment and lionel explode across the street . high -tempo music snap in ... coming from the club . he hit the sidewalk , past the rooster . the trumpet player look up from he cigarette at lionel fly by . ext . LAURA 's apartment build / side STREET - night 141 a car be park in the shadow across the street . over the shoulder of the driver we see lionel burst around the corner ... the driver ( coney ) react in shock coney Son of a bitch ! he pile out of the car , move into the street as lionel enter the vestibule and desperately hit every buzzer . someone buzze he in and as he push frantically in and close the door , he see something in the reflection and look back to see coney : emerging from shadow into the middle of the STREET . they lock eye for a split second before lionel slam the door and sprint for the stair . coney curse . int . stairwell of LAURA 's apartment - continuous 142 lionel take the stair three at a time , not dare to yell to she but pulling frank 's gun as he run . 143 144 pink revision 139 . int . LAURA 's hallway / apartment door - continuous 143 on LAURA : reach she landing and move to she apartment at the end of the hall to put she key in the lock when the sound of foot come fast make she pause and turn ... ..- and there be lionel almost on her , eye wide , gun out she open her mouth to exclaim ... but he 's on her , clamping he hand over her mouth and silencing her with a gesture . he look toward her door ... her eye go there , now terrified ... ..- her hand be still on the key in the lock ... gently he put he hand over hers and carefully , ease she shaking hand off the key the door jerk OPEN and the giant loom over they . LAURA scream and lionel shove her back and duck , barely evading the swipe of a knife that spear minna 's hat off he head and stick into the wooden door frame lionel tries to raise frank 's .45 but the giant 's huge hand tomahawks down , hitting lionel 's gun hand boom ! the .45 fire straight down into the giant 's right foot . he grunt and drop , smashing the gun out of lionel 's hand and to the floor and knocking lionel down too . as lionel crab back , the giant lift frank 's gun and aim point blank at lionel . lionel flinch and LAURA scream as click . the gun jam . lionel be up and moving as the giant tries to work the slide and FIRE . click . LAURA be heading for the stair but lionel grab her and shove her toward the end of the hall as the giant tries again . click . the giant toss the jammed gun aside and rise painfully , he foot bleeding heavily . he yank he knife from the doorframe and start to limp toward they lionel be hurling OPEN the window at the end of the hall Laura scramble out the window onto the fire escape with lionel right behind she ... one last look at the giant striding toward they faster . ext . LAURA 's build - FIRE escape - night - continuous144 hot , fast music come from the rooster nearby ... they be 4 stories up on a 5 story building and the FIRE escape be old and rickety ... pink revision 140 . Laura go leave fast , put she hand on the railing only to have it break completely away from the brick wall , almost sending her into space . she scream as lionel grab her arm and practically throws her up the ladder . just as he start to climb behind her -- smash ! the whole window frame explode in glass and splinter as the giant come straight through it like it be paper ... laura' scream cut through the dark ... and the music jam stop suddenly . lionel desperately climb but he 's run into Laura and then a huge hand have he by the ankle ... he grab the railing and haul he whole body up against the immovable weight ... it 's just enough to stretch the giant 's arm enough that he can not swing he knife hand up as high ... lionel 's elbow be lock around post of the railing , try to resist ... be pull down ... but it 's too much and he’s slipping ...he drop two step fast , clawing to get a new grip ... but the knife be moving in when ... crash ! something hit the giant right in the forehead , open a CUT like a boxer , as lionel twist away ... the giant look up at ... LAURA on the platform above , holding a second flower pot which she throws down hard . the giant throws up he knife hand to block it but the impact knock the knife out of he hand and as he movement stand he up a little too straight on the ladder ... lionel put a foot against the man 's chest and kick hard . the giant lurch back ... arm pinwheeling , tipping back and crashing into the broken railing which fly off the wall , pitching he out into OPEN space . but he flailing hand manage to grab the sill of a window . LAURA : run across the platform above lionel to the far rail and look down . for a frozen second she and the giant look right at each other ... and then he silently fall , a horrible drop ... crashing on he back onto a low dividing wall in the alley with a sickening crack . lionel appear next to she . he look down at the break body , unmove . Laura be shaking hard . he grab she shoulder and find she eye . lionel there 's another one downstairs . come on ... 145 pink revision 141. and he start up the final ladder to the roof ... ext . LAURA 's build - roof - continuous 145 lionel burst onto the roof and shout into the dark ... lionel she do not know ! she doesn ’t know ! voice of concern shouting from other apartment can be hear as lionel turn back to help a shaking Laura onto the roof . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) it 's okay ... we be okay . but we gotta move . she nod and they start toward the rooftop door to a stairwell ... they be half way across when out of the shadow step ... lou ... cold and precise , he lift a silenced revolver . lionel step in front of Laura ... lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) tell he she do not know . I have what they want . tell he ... lou that offer expire . ( laugh ) and they say you be smart ... he pull the hammer back and level it ... lionel : something behind Lou catch he eye ... clang ! lou drop like a log , revealing ... the trumpeter ... wielding he horn like a baseball bat ... the instrument badly bent from the impact with Lou 's head ... the sax player and billy friend from the club step out behind he . trumpeter motherfucker , smoke my best horn . 146 147 pink revision 142. int . trumpet man 's apartment - night - later 146 LAURA be on a sofa , stare into nothing ... the musician be post up by the window and door ... lionel be on a phone ... lionel I want to see he alone . yeah , right now . ( write something down ) try anything funny and tomorrow will be the worst day you have have in a long time . he hang up ... look at Laura . she look shell - shocked . he look at the trumpeter who nod at he . under control . lionel take the fold document that minna left he with the file out of he coat pocket ... show the trumpeter something on it . lionel ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) you know where this be ? can you take she there ? trumpet I always like a night drive . lionel ( to Laura ) go with they . you will be safe at this place tonight . LAURA what do not I know ? he stop and look at she . lionel I will be there by morning . okay ? she nod . then she hug he hard . he stroke she face . then lionel look at minna 's hat , knife slash through it , put it on and exit and we CUT to : int . public athletic club - pool - night 147 we have be here before ... the huge private pool with its canopy of glass ... but now more dimly light inside and steamy pink revision 143 . lionel be admit through a door he move to a bench and sit to wait as a figure swim in the dark , churn the water with powerful stroke . mose randolph : swim powerfully from the far end toward he . he exit the pool , put on a robe and stand over lionel , imposing and fierce . lionel be ticcing badly ... not able to control he nerve . he yelp twice ... almost a bark ... then .. lionel who 's the fuck boss now , Bailey ! randolph regards he cooly ... interested . randolph so what be it with you ? lionel I get something wrong with my head . do not you goons fill you in yet ? randolph I do not care about you fuck affliction . I mean what 's you angle in this ? what do you want for that file ? lionel I want to hear you version of it . randolph why ? lionel let 's just say a unfinish puzzle make my head hurt , more 'o most people . randolph turn this over ... assess it . randolph I smooth it all out for you pain in the ass brain ... we put this to bed tonight ? lionel nod . randolph sit down next to he randolph ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) I be young . I be the get thing done man for the great governor in the history of this state . ( remember ) ( more ) pink revision 144 . randolph ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) we have a party , it be the good year , before the crash . the tammany party be like nothing before or since . we have a whole fuck hotel . I see she there , work . she be ... I have never feel ... lust ... like that . like a fist in my crotch . you know 25 year later when I think of she it still make my blood move . ( beat ) I follow she into a service hall , she know I have . she look back at I and then go into a supply room . ( beat ) I go in there and I take she against the spare towel . lionel you rape she ? randolph I move on she that first time . but I treat she well ... give she thing . I see to it that the Party use that hotel a lot for a few year . ( beat ) she could have disappear any time . stop work there . but she do not . she be shy but she know how thing work and she be always grateful . ( scoff ) rape . do you have the first inkling of what power be ? power be feel ... know ... that you can do anything you want to and there 's not a fuck person who can stop you . and if somebody else have a dumb idea that you do not like , that 's the end of that idea , or the end of that person if you want . ( low , dangerous ) and if I can build highway when the rest of the country be break , I ’1l1 punch through any neighborhood I damn well want to . ( more ) pink revision 145 . randolph ( cont 'd ) and if some negro slum be where I want to put my Federal project , or a off ramp for my bridge then all the goodie goody in the world can shriek and moan as loud as they want . and if some chump think he can blackjack I by threaten to move we baseball team ? then buddy the dodger can take it on the arch to the fuck coast and I will get a new team that play ball with I , in my stadium . ( turn to lionel ) and if I want to fuck a color girl in a hotel room now and then because I be feel like a goddam wreck ball , buddy I be gonna do it . and if you think I be gonna let some little chip who never should have be bear , or you small time boss or my brother and he ideal and he forgeries in my name slow down what I be getting do in this city , you gotta lot to learn about how power work . Cause all that people be invisible ... they do not even exist . lionel see if you think that 's true when I drop they story on Jacob gleason at the Post . randolph she know ? lionel 's look say no . randolph calculate ... randolph ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) interesting . so it 's you and Paul . I know what he want . if he have any ball he would have use this before to box I in and take it from I . I would have respected that actually , but he think the way you do thing matter . it 's why he will never be anybody . you a idealist too ? you gonna trade I that file to save the block you grow up on ? make I draw my line somewhere else for some committee of childless woman , howling about negro adoptee ? ( more ) pink revision 146 . randolph ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) or you just another blackmail gumshoe who want to transact with I ? name it ! lionel blame it , shame it , claim it ! ( beat - calm ) that blackmail gumshoe be my friend and that girl be the only reason you be still breathe . so do what you want to the city , it never treat I so good . but you leave she alone . anything happen to she , it get mail . randolph narrow he eye ... read into this , counter ... randolph make no mistake , you or Paul mess with what I intend to get do and I will make she life even worse than I make he . you tell my brother that . lionel I guess we have get a deal . randolph ( laugh ) you come off weird , but you be smart . you should have take my offer . you could have make they all get on they knee and apologize . ( beat ) although if she 's anything like she mother , I can understand the pull . on that lionel stand and turn to go . randolph look up randolph ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) oh , and tell my brother ... I read he masterwork . it 's as brilliant as everyone say . nobody else could have do it and it 's good for absolutely everyone , include I . there 's not one reason to deny it . tell he I 'il send he my thought in the morning . 148 149 a150 pink revision 147 . lionel nod , and walk away into the steam . randolph look down on the bench to see : lionel have leave minna 's hat behind ext . dawn on the CITY / lionel drive - montage 148 image of the city intersperse with lionel drive , get somewhere beyond it all . Long Island . ext . paul 's apartment build - early morning 149 Paul can be see in the entryway , pull he mail out of the box with some urgency ... expectant . he sift it , he focus be on one envelope that have arrive . he come out into the cold stare at the envelope a beat then look up into the morning sun , take a breath and open it ... read the letter ... cu : personal stationary with ' mr 's at the top and one large hand - write word : ' denied . 's wide on : Paul 's sad figure , shoulder sagging the letter fall out of he hand and blow away in the cold wind . slowly he head fall into he hand and , exhaust and defeat , he start to weep ... we rise up and he grow smaller , tremble and alone as the elevate train rumble by int . NY post newsroom - morning —- continuous a150 jake gleason , the reporter , sit at he desk with he foot up review he note . a newsboy blow past the desk drop a envelope on it newsboy gleason ... for you gleason sit forward and pick it up , eye scan audio flashback : we hear lionel and gleason from when they first meet ... lionel : '' hey pal , what 's the story here ? '' gleason : '' story of injustice and despair ... the american Way . '' and we see , cu : on the envelope be write 150 pink revision 148 . '' stories of injustice and despair '' or ... a better story for a real reporter . let' make thing interesting .... a friend '' gleason 's brow furrow , remember ... curious . he open the envelope and react at lionel have return he PRESS card , clipped to a note '' thanks for the loan . pay you back with a pulitzer '' now gleason be really intrigue and , as the music rise , he look at the document and we see that lionel have stolen the document from the hall of record that show that expose lieberman and the BA officer ... lieberman 's name be circle on gleason' face , as he jaw drop in shock . as what he 's get wash over he , a smile break across he face and he start laugh with delight and we CUT to : ext . a beach house - morning 150 lionel 's car pull up on the edge of a sandswept road and he get out and see . LAURA sit wrap in blanket on the porch of a weathered little house . he stop at the bottom step and stand face she . lionel you crazy ? it 's freezing . LAURA what be it that I do not know ? he sit next to she ... there be a certain dread on she face ... LAURA ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) ( repeat ) what be it ? he look she square in the face . she look back at he , search ... or maybe shaking she head imperceptibly at the impossible truth that she already know ... lionel it do not matter . I promise you it 's get nothing to do with you and I . if ! he touch she shoulder three time then kiss she lightly . pink revision 149 . LAURA what be this place ? lionel it be Frank 's . ( beat ) look like it 's mine now . she react . he pull out the document Frank leave he , which we realize now must be a will or a title deed . she look at it , then up at he tenderly LAURA still look out for you after all . ( beat ) funny how thing turn out . he nod and stare outward at something ... puzzle at a memory . lionel '' Brooklyn 's big , but there 's thing even bigger . '' LAURA what 's that ? lionel I think it 's something Frank say to I but I can not remember when . and we CUT behind they and see the enormous cold , blue ocean , wave pounding onto mile of frozen empty white sand LAURA maybe this be what he mean . lionel if ! she put she hand gently on the back of he neck and he settles . they lean together and we .... fade out .