of ~ \w / '' bazmark Film pty itd polisk 15 September , 1999 film baz luhrmann & Craig pearce amendment i. Blue amendment . issuec 26.10.99 2 . pink dmendnent : issue 25.11.99 3 . Green amendment : isaue 29.11.99 - yellow amendment : issue 25.11.99 - goldenr amendment : issue 1.12.95 + salmon amendment : issue 6.12.95 . 2 '' bloe amendment : issue 10.1.00 '' 2 '' pink amendment : issue 17.1.00 2 '' Green amendment issue 19.1.00 20 . 2 '' yellow amendment : issue 24.1.00 assued 27.21.00 : imsue 2.2.00 * ! ee 7.2.00 14 . 3 pink amendment : issue 25.2.00 15 . 3 '' Green amendmenc : issue 29.2.00 16 . 3 '' yellow amencment : issue 7.3.00 17 . 3 '' goldenrod amendment : issue 14.3.00 18 . 3 '' salmon amendment : issue 3.4.00 15 . 4 '' Blue amendment : issue 26.64.00 20 . 4 " pink amendment : issue 2.6.00 waoumkhe distribution and disclosure of this material to unauthorise person or the copying of this material in eny form be prahibit . e bazmark film rv uo ' telephone [ 612 ] 6253 2533 fax ( 612 ) 8353 2300 psa # 49 , fax stodio Australia , Driver Ave meere Park nsw 1363 ~o melancholic string . a beautifully hand - write card . it read : . twentieth century pox present '' dissolve to : a second hand - write card , it read : a bagmark Film , - . : dissolve [ 0 : a third hand - write card . it read : '' Paris 1899 ° super over : a sepia tone vista of turn of the century solitary hill be crown with a dll ? eonstcort tetemeel . push toward : the hill and cathedral . a ramshackle little village at the base of the hill now come into view . super : '' Montmartre '' push toward : the village roof top . discover : a waprepossess garret . slow push : into the garzet window . qvi . christian' garret . dusk . the silhouette of a dishevel , bearded man slump over a typewriter . . track across : book , papers , sketches , old photograph , strange and exotic furniture , a junkyard of experience . in she comer , a heavy iron contraption be cover in grimy ~~. bedclothes . a incongruous splash of life . as a brightly coloured bird hop inside its gild cage . settle on : the bearded man . it be : christian . head in he hand , Christian 's weery eye stare at the blank page stare back at hin . macro shot : the word " moulin rouge 's be hammer into the seft white paver . whip to : Christian . he hesitates . his attention be suddenly catch by the bird as it flapr ite wing against the cage . expell a deep preath , Christian ctype . ' dissolve to : extreme close up : word type onto the page . {( conpimtten 4th pink amencment nas #,1/6/2000 2 . 2 continued : ' christian v/0 this story be about leve . the woman I ljeve be , she be ... she be ... 's Christian breake off . % moment ef anguish . barely able to form the word , he force himself to write . . christian v/0 ( cont ’d ) the woman I love be dead . '' glose on : Christian , stare , lose . suddenly : we see word as Christian continue type . christian V / o0 ( cont ’d ) she be the most beautiful courtesan in all Paris ; the screen momentarily fille with heavy , dark eyelash and the comer of a paint , red mouth . close on : Christian mouth the word as he write . christian v/0 ( cont ‘d ) she sell she love to man . we see : a ocean of top hat silting skyward to reveal lust fill eye . christian v/0 ( cont 'd ) Men who come in they mundred to gaze upon she . . we see : a flash of electrify dance . christian v/0 ( cont 'd ) Men who happily pay for she love ... we see : a sine white neck encase in a blind web of . diamond . of christian v/0 ( cont 'd ) they call she satin . the sparkle diamonc . we see : word write as we hear they in voice-over . christian v/o ( cont 'd ) she be the star of the moulin rouge ... the camera foliow Christian 's gaze out the window , down on to the delepidate moulin rouge . we pass slowly over the board up facade and the decrepit windmill and through the gerelict garden . we push on , up the front step and into > the once magnizicent main hall . we slide forward to the stage , and into e shred of red ard gold curtain . . ( contimued } eeenee e 's @th pink amendment as 2/6/2000 2 continued : ( 2 ) suddenly : 2 int . moulin rouge . night . '' _ a fleshy mustachioe face poke through a red curtain into b& spotlight and bellow : be zidler . the moulin rouge ... CUT to : the uniform brass band of the moulin rouge ; just wher we think we be in for a night of offenbach highjinx - suddenly : the mirxsor beneath the bandstand spin , the music soundtrack lurch forwerd a hundred year into '' super sexual fat . funk . slam zoom : Zidier 's face as he lead a parade of can can girl onto the floor . zidler ( sing ) if life 's a awful bore aad live 's just a chore that you do , cause death 's not much fun I have just the antidote aac though I must not gloat at the movlin rouge you ' Il have fun ! scratch thac little niggle four whore ( sing ) oon . zidler ( sing ) give a litrie wiggle you kmow that we can because we ... four whore ( sing ) we we we we ... zidler ( sing ) can can can ! four whore ( sing ) we can can can zidler ( sing ) De not say you can not can not can not ... four whore ( sing ) because we can can can .. zidler ( sing ) you know yau can can can ( continued ) 4th pink amendment as §°1/6/2000 é. 2 contznued : four whore ( sing ) yes you can can can .. 2idler { sing ) you know you can can can can can , can ... . nini ( song ) you can because ... wome fromage ( sing ) we can ... china doll ( sing ) do not say .. arabia ( sing ) you can not ... pour whore ( sing ) b@ecause you can . Zidler lead he troupe down the booth . together , he and the girl taunt the rich rake that populate the booth . zidler ( sing ) in this pleasure dome you will feel right at home there 's just on tiny peeve you will never want to leave because you ¢an can can four whore ( sing in parallel ) . you will feel right at home yeah , yeah . yooh rake ( sing ) : 4 we can can can * zidler ( sing ) you know you can can can rake ( sing ) yes we can can can four whore ( sing in parallel } yeeh , yeek , yeah 2idler ( sing ) do not say you can not can not can not rake ( sing ) we can can can q comnmen ) \® 4th pink amendment as -@ , 1/6/2000 s. 2 comtinue 3 42 ) szidler ( 's inas ) Cause you can can can can can can can rake ( sing ) can can can can can can can reaching the bar at the end of the Main Hall , we introduce the performer of the moulin rouge . cocoliscious bros . ( sing ) from black ... siamese twins to white ... le chocolat from tall ... LA petite drincess to small ... . ‘le choc / siamese twins / Coco . bros / LA xo ka chad no matcer where you fancy fall ... zidler you be free to choose in this dance hall La Petite princess dahce the can can . whe full company throw to le betomane at the bar . he farte : le petoman th , th , th , th , ‘** no : scene 2a , 2b , 2c eave be deleted *** ext . moulin rouge . garden . night . Zidler and he merry moulin band enter the mind - blowingly , exotic garden of the moulin rouge . they entice super rich , cashed up rake <c come play with they in this seamy playground . : the rake bay at the girl 's foot like lustful hound . zidler ( sing ) get some dark desize ? Love to play with fire ? why not let it rip ? live a iietle bit ! rake ( sing ) we can can can yes we can can can can ( more ) ath pink amendment as 'ot 1/6/2000 é. 3 cosrrnued : 38 3 rake teent no ) you know we can-can can because we can cen can yes we can can can cen we can can can we can can can vo because we can San we can can can ? four whore ( sing ) yes you can can can . - if you pay you little way way 2 fenniless poet move in on nini around the leg of the giant elephant . : penniless poet ( sing ) please can I can can ? hint ( sing ) you jmow you can not ea not can not ... penniless poet ( sing ) thy can not I can can can ? suddenly : from out of nowhere . a gruff look sm appear . back by two burly bouncers . sm ( sing ) : because you can not afford it . track : with the pennilegs Poet draggea py sm and bouncer out into ... ext . moulin rouge . strert . night . 3a ++.a8 be be violently chrom to the ground . we become aware that the oatside world be once again in black and white . tilt up : to discover Zidler . he stand , unaware of the poet '. on the grounc , anc pop up a umbrella to ward off the ( digital ) rain that begin the fall . zidler ( sing ) outside , it may be raining ... Zidler turn and walk nonchalantly back into the colour ane rain - free bachanal of the moulin rouge . int . moulin rouge . garden . night . ' 3b zidler ( sing ) ... but in here it 's entertaining . 4th pink amendment as 4 27/6/2000 7 . . 3b continued : 33 cy ) : Zidler turn beck to the black and white world of squaler below as the tragically poor sing up at he through the gate of moulin rouge in the ( real ) xrain . 3 c ext . strebt . niget . 3 c . poor people ( sing ) *- Weil we would would would ee the ee . if we could cauld could . but we can nox can not can not ' cause we can not afford it . 3d ext . moulin rouge . garden . night . . - 3d we return to the bachanal in the gerden . zimler ( sing ) outside it may be boring . but in here nobody 's sacore the show must go on . nini ( sing ) do you like like like ... china doll ( sing ) ~ -.- what you $ee see see ? arabia ( sing ) whar you need need need ... nome fromage ( sing ) be I I I . ' 2idler ( sing ) oueside thing may be tragic bur in here we deal in magic the show be always on . suddenly : the entire company turn to Zidler who out like a cork , through che top of a windmill . they all sing to the camera in the sky . entire company ( sing ) if you love love love to be free free free then the moulin rouge be the place to be . Zidler backflip into the Main Hall and up onto the bandstand as the rake , now in full abandon , scream back . éth pink amendment as°& 1/6/2000 . B. 32 int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . 35 zidler ( sing ) you jmow you can can can . all ( sing ) we can can can four whore ( sing ) it go on , on . an. through the night , night , night . coco bros . / siamese twins / le petomane / le choc / LA prtite : fribcess / whole troupe we do not ask if it 's wrong or right . zidler ( sing ) because we can car can . all ( sing ) we can can can z2idler ( sing ) you know we car can can all ( sing ) we can can can entire company ( sing ; every need , every wish , every dream , dream , drean it 's the great place you nve ever see . zidler ( sing ) because we cen can can all ( sing ) yes we can can can we can can can can can can can '' zidler ( sing ) ther we all can can can can can can can ! ( continued ) 4th pink amendment az 62/6/2000 2. 38 be super close : Zidier slowly turn , the sign that read moulin rouge incarnate the magic word that appear . zidler ( sing ) the can can ! the screen explode into can can chaos as dozen of exotically costume female dancer , skirt hold hi . thrash through the Main Hall of the moulin rouge with death - sefy physical abandon . from the bandstand ané cavort towards the booth . the image czanke down into alew motion . we hear Christian 's voice - over accompany by the click of typewriter . key : christian v/o but nothing at the moulin rouge wes as it seem . harold Zidler have a sickness . a umnatural obsession ... fuse in : co the light bulb ( screen burn weite ) ext . moulin rouge . night . 3f full odt : from the light . zidler 's sweaty , deliriously happy face as he blubber like a baby . 2idler Z can not help myself . they be so beautiful . pull back : Zidler fondy a string of electric light bulb . christian v/o Zilder have cverspent wildly on the electrification of the moulin rouge grive <t to bankruptcy . pull back : behind 2idler , the moulin light up like a cnristmas tree . Zidler coo excitedly . , int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . a pull out : srom a light bulb back ro 2idler cavert toward the booth . christian v/o ( cont ‘d ) Zigler have 2 plan , he would convert the moulin rouge from ae dancehall into a theatre and put he prize possession ... close on : Zidier : high -octane hard sell , lean toward camera . _ ( cortimued ) ee ee ee ey * onee ae aneeoie y '' 4th pink’ amendment as -8 , 1/6/2000 10 . 4 contoied : 4c 22dler satin , the sarkling diamond , on stage in @ wild , shocking , bohemian spectacular call ... wait for ' it : '' spectacular spactacular 's . christian ( V /o ) oa . all he need be a investor . close on : the small , beady eye of the duke . duke shock . pull out : the Duke be seat nex : to Zidler in one of the side booth that line the dance - floor . behind they stand the Duke 's impeccably attire man-servant ; warner . zidler the dazzle . set and provocative costume be be realise by that outrageously creative little mmster tonlouse - Lautrec . ve°nb : scene 4a have be deleted **~* int . toulouse lautrec' studio . day . atop a huge ladder , a bulbous - lippec dwarf , with he shirt on he head be freeze mid brush - stroke as he paint a alpine vista . it be : toulouse uautrec . int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . zitoler ané we new writer be the umiverse ' 's great : live poet ; audrey . int . toulouse 's lautrec' studio . day . a intense , artsy chap in puffy sleeve ond veivet hat : audrey . he read froma script . audrey the hille be animated with the guphonisus symphony of descant ... 45 4 seeen et v) ~ 4th pink amendment as @\1/6/2000 11 . ae int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . zidler * the lady will quiver with excitement over we lead man , a tango-dancing argentinian . . — af_ . int . toulouse 's apartment studio . day . the argentinian dance . 4g int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . . zidler and the music : such sweet , beguile tume by the bohemian composer , satie . 4h int . toulouse 's apartment studio . Day . weird buzzing noise emanate from satie 's musical contraption . be int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . day . , 2idler and you will roll with laughter at the amazing stage effect create by the Doctor . 4a int . toglouse 's apartment studio . day . the screen fill with a explosion . we push through to discover the blacken face of the doecror . doctor cever .. 40a in ?. moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . zidaer zi teil you my dear Duke , everything be go so well . 458 int . toulouse 's apartment studio . night . poll owt : tne argentinian , hurl he script , scream . aI 4g ( comtinued ) ye 4th pink amendment as -§& 1/6/2000 12 . 4b continued : ax argentinian the script be shit : I be go to stick a knife in someone ! : the argentinian make violently towards audrey . sumdenly he eye roll back in he head and he collapse catch the chord of the electromagnatica machine and exvash to the floor . freeze frame : the axgentinian , inch away from crash through the floor below . int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . close on : 2 Zidler : zidler Excuse I , Duke . fuse in : on the Duke 's lust - uill eye as he pexuse the can can giris . Zidler rocket up to the bandstand and whin the audience up for some more '' can you can can can ? * we fast wipe into the bacchanal . cour : back to the shocked , flabbergasted Duke . he can not believe he eve . I camera rocket away rom the bacchanal through the hal :.... ext . moulin rouge . garden . night . and magical garden and up ... ext . paris sky . night / day . +. , throagh the sky , and back to the eiffel Tower . with a final tumituous chord , the night vista of Paris turn to day . a train ces be see pelling into the statian . ceristian v/o ber en the dey I arrive in paria , I know nothing of bohemian spac 's . anvestor , duke , the can can or ... super fast push : towerd Montmartre and through the garret window . . '' . ye 4th pink amendment as -@ 1/6/2000 13. int . christian 's garret . day . ? a young man , travel case in hand , stand back to camera , stare cut the window of the now sparsely furnishedq garret . christian v/o --- the moulin reuge . BUSH over : his shoulder to discover , through the other windew , the moulin rouge . as che young man turn we realise we be look at a youthful , clean-shaven Christian . he turn toward a-crusty , 26 jandlady who be wait be the door and pay the woman for the zoon . christian v/o ( camr - D ) i have turn my hack on my secure bourgeois future to follow my dream . dissolve to : Christian unpack he beloved typewriter . coristian v/o ( comt ’d ) = pad come to write ... dissolve to : *°° prlease note : there be no scene 8 , 9 , 10 , 10a % ** 103 int . chaistian 's garret . oay . 105 garistian , jacket sling over the chair , wind a clean page of paper into the < ypevriter . . 4 finger poise over the typewriter key , Christian stare at the paper for a long momen : . beat : nothing happen . christian v/o ( cont ’d ) there be just one problem ... close on : Christian stare in horror at the blank page . christian v/o ( cont 'd ) I have nothing to write about ... suddenly : a thunderous crash of plaster shower Christian as a electric generator , closely follow by a Latin . yook man , dress in walk sock and leder hausen , fall through the ceiling , hit the floor with a ' thpd . ( comrimgeen ) 4th pink amendment as 1/6/2000 108 comp inued : . 103 cc - Christian have leapt to he foot in shock . he do not know what to do . suddenly : the door be batterdd open by a bearded gwarf , sostume in a mum 's habit . the dwarf / mm flail ilj - proportion limb while spluttering a endless stream - of - consciousness explanatian . — ~ ... — —. lanutrec sound like dafty duck on toulouse how do you do ? henri Marie Raymond toulouse-lautrec-mantfa . terribly abouc this , we be upstairs rehearse bohemian the world 's first totally spectacnlar . it 's set in Switzerland and there 's a oun play by satin ; the argentinian 's a narcolpetic : you know , a typewriter ? you be a writer ? anyway the C perfectly fine one minute then suddenly ( toulouse snap he finger ) unconscious ... - it be : toulouse -ladtrec . the buibous-lipped , lisping speed . ean eee ena annane Christian be interrupt as a head appear through the hole . in the ceiling . it belong to a willowy - loo leud stripe vest and puffy sleeve : audrey audrey calis : . : how be he ? toulouse suddealy remember leder hauser . toulouse oh , my goodness . come to , leder hausen moan . ceristian can I help ? king chap ina the poet . Christian bend to help but be stop by a voice from above that sound like a cross between Alan ginsberg and timothy leary . the . doctor . do not touch he ! '' ( eraepnar + ) 4th pink amendment as -@ 1/6/2000 " 35 . 108 continued : ( 2 ) loz cot to : the hole in the ceiling . a drunk , fiftyish , mad - . eye coot have join audrey : the doctor . a bottle slip . from the Doctor 's hand and crash coto the head of leder hausen , knock he out again . the doctor ( cowr ’d ) he 's unconscious , I can tell , I 'ma doctor. _.. , audrey the Poet utter a thin -lipped exclamation . audrey wonderful ! - toulouse turn to the bewilder Christian . audrey explode . * audrey . the narcoleptic argentinian be once again 7 unconscious , and therefore the scenario . will not be finish in time to present . to the investor tomorrow ! . satie * he 's right toulouse . I still have to * finish the msizc . . toulouse * worry , worry , worry ; please ; we will gust * find someone to read the part ... . audrey * well , where in heaven 's name be we goi ' to find someone to read the role of the . young. sensitive , swiss poet goatherder ? . " ** NB : bcene 10c and 10d have be deleted **« * il int . toulouse - lautrec' studio . nay . : nu : close on : a flushed Christian try to sing . christian ( sing ) Far aloft on this vertiginous promontory yodelodelehohoo ! . full out : Christian wear leder havsen stands high up on & huge mountain set . toulouse slop paint on a enormsus half finish theatrical back - drop of the swiss alp . on the floor , unconscious , be the latin-look man who crash through the ceiling . he be know as : the unconscious argentinian . - . {cont twtten | yo 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 16 . 11 continued : young unbridle with joy , abe run to the top of the mount and sing : { audrey shout ) Lautrec ! toulouse rung into the middle of the room , and sing : andrey , another tantrum , turn to the Doctor and satie . audrey stop , stop , stop ! that insufferable dron be drown out my word , can we please juect stick to a little decorative pianos ? the doctor eow about you word make sense then ? audrey ; immediately defensive . audrey what be you suggest ? the doctor oread from a script ) the hill animare with evuphonious symphony of descant .* I do not think a nun would say thet about a hill . audrey be mortally offended . audrey oh veaily ? satie it do not fic the msic . what if she - sing : " the hilis be vital intone the descant " . . . ( continued ) a ye _ sth pink amendment as.@ 1/6/2000 : 1 : continued : [ 2 ) ts the Doctor be adamant . the doctor no , no ! ° the hil} intone the wondrous orchestra of suffer * . the unconscious argentinian , who hac suddenly regcine - consciousness , chime in . | argentinzian the hill be incarnate with symphonic melody . Christian can 's help himself . he sing : ceristian ( sing ) the hill be alive with the sound of music ? all eye be suddenly on Christian . toulouse be awestruck . toulouse the hilis be alive with the zound of music : it 's so ... modexn . so completely , revolutionarily , bohemianly modern ! that 's it . yes. yes , that 's it ! the argentinian be in rapture . argentinian the hill be alive with the sound of music . I like it ! the Doctor intone intensely . the doctor the hilie be alive with the sound of music . incredible ! excitedly satie play and sing . satiz ( sing ) the hill be alive with the sound of music . it cit perfectly . Christian venture the next phrase . christian ( sing ) with song they have sung for é thousand year ? toulouse eries ecstaticaliy . incandi ferous ! 4th pink amendment as @1/6/2000 ~ 28 . a3 coeprauep : ( 3 ) a 2 be - audrey proteste . audrey impossible . '' of toulouse turn excitedly to audrey . toulouse the you two should write the show together : we ee . ay ex . : : audrey aw I beg you pardon ? toulouse it ‘li be absolutely marvelous , with the dector 's gontraptien and gatie 's ridiculously stupefying amsic , and all this loud word by you . audrey and the boy with he mdern technique . audrey there will be no modern technique , except for mine . . toulouse | but audrey ... . audrey either the boy go or I do ! audrey pause , desperately hope they will ask he to stay . audrey ( cont ’d ) do net think I jest ! : 5 no response . fpinally audrey have to act . audrey ( cont ’d ) I will net waste my talent in this laughable free-for-all . as he exit he threarer . audrey ( cont ? D ) do not expect to see I again ! without miss a beat , toulouse turn the Christian and hand he a large glass of absinthe . toulouse here 's to you first job in Paris . ) '' ( cowtinued ) 11 comtinued : ( 4 ) ye 4th dink amendment a -@ 1/6/2000 18. il Christian be shocked .. satie call . satie toulouse , Zidler will never acree . ( to Christian ) no offence but have you ever write anything like this before ? no . cbristian no . the argentinian , with ridiculous machismo . argentinian the boy 's get talent . I like he . nothing funny but I just like talent . toulouse murmur -ntensely . -_ toulouse ( cor ) '' the hilis be alive with the sound of music 's satie . with Christian we can write the truly bohemian revolutionary show we have always dream of . satie . but how will we convince Zidler ? touleuse exclaim to christiaon : toulouse the girl ! christian the girl ? ' toulouse satin . we will go to the moulin rouge tonight . once satir . hear 1 be revolutionary bohemian poetry she‘ astound and demand you write the show . close ow : christien nervous . christian but ... satie. drag toulouse aside , whispere agitatedly . satie : we will not : get a penniless writer near satin tonight : you know what happen last time . . * ( corm ) €) € ) 1 4th pink amendment as -@ 1/6/2000 20 . a comrmroed : ( 5 ) n toulouse do not worry , we will dress he up so he look rich . the argentinian whisper excitedly . argentinian he can wear my suit ... toulouse we will engineer a moment alone between they , he will speak hig poetry for she , and ' the hilis will be alive with the sound of msic 's satie . satie , nervously excited , turn to Christian . satie yes , finally revolutionary bohemian word . for bohenian revolutionary music . Christian stanmer nervously . christian but <'m not sure I can write that sort of show ... . toulouse why not ? '' * emm : scene 11a be bren udelete **+ * 11b int . toulouse - lautrech studio . day . i1b * close on : close on : Christian nervous . christian ah ... I be not sure I be a ... true bohemian ' revolutionary . toulouse you believe in beauty do not you ? Christian . christian , yes . argentinian freedom ? . 7 christian yes . satie Truth ? ( continued ) l 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 21 . comtinued : 138 christian yes . the doctor Love ? close on : Christian . . christian Love ? more than anything , I believe in - _ — - leve . leve be like oxygen , leve iz a many splendoure thing , love lift we up . where we belong , all you need be love . . toulouse exclaim . fool then you can not fool we , you be a true bohenian revolutionary ! argentinian / the doctur / : we can not be fool : toulouse pour glass of absinthe , propose a roast . toulouse here 's to the new writer of the world 's fizst bohemian revolutionary show . azgentinian ! I kiss you ! . satie & show with revolutionary bohemian mesic . satie pound heavy , fuzzy chord on he electromagnetica machine . they all start revolutionary bohemian dance as they dress Christian up . : 1 toulouse sing . toulouse ( sing ) a show where you can bump and grind the doctor ( sing ) 4 show that 's good fer you mind argentinian ( sing ) 4 show where you can twist and shout suddenly : satie break into a scream , rock voice . satie ( sing ) let if ali sing we - ( comtinue ) 9 4th pink amendment as . ' 1276/2000 - 22 . ais 12 compinued : ( 2 ) las all ( sing ) but you will not foo ... suddenly : the misic and bohemiar stop simultaneously . they turn to Christian . he proffer the first thing that pop into he mind . christian . the child of the revolution . the msic kick back in as the bohemian cheer . all ( sing ) no you wa not fool the child of the revelutian no you will not fool the child of the evolution , 20 , no , no . sim : ltaneously christien and the bohemian drain they absinthe glass . suddenly ! christ - a and bohemian 's Pov : a giant green fairy shoot up into the universe , its demonic eye stare gown az it boom fairy I be the green fairy absinthe : thy god. United in a absinthe torpor , they all blissfully sing . all ( stng ) . the hilis be alive with the sound of music . track : with the bchemian and Christian as , still sing . they dance out of toulouse 's studio and onto the fire escape . ext . toulouse's apartment build . night . 12 the bohemian and Christian joyously sing as they dance gown the l'amour sign . toulouse ( sing ) a show to open you eye argentinian ( sing ) a show to blow you sky high ! satie ( sing ) a show with controversy doctor / christian ( sing ) that will set the world free , yeah ! icrerrnarren ns a5 4th pink amendment as :'@ 1/6/2000 23. 32 continued : all ( sing ) freedom , beauty , truth and love ! yeeh freedem , dboauty , truth and deve ! GREEN fairy ( 's inc ) the hill be alive with the sound of music . _. ext . christian 's garret . night . , 13 the bohemian and Christian , sing as they dance along the parape - all ( sing ) wo you will not fool the child of che revolution . Neo you will not fool the child of the revolution ! bohemtan ( sing ) no you will not fool the child of the revolution no you will not fool the child of the revolutian ! | with final xouse chorus the bohemian halt . GREEN fairy ( sing ) the hilis be alive . +++ mb : scene 13a , 14 be be deleted ** < int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . as om the bandstand , Zidlez. zap demonically to the crowd . zidler ( sing ) . a ob you can can can . yes you can . can can ! CUT to : Christian anc the bohemian . they joyously continue they song on the dance floor . bohemian / christian ( sing ) wo not fool the child of the revolution . _ CUT to : Zidler om the bandstand . zidler ( sing ) yes you can . can can ! '' we to : ghristian enc the bohemian as they dance tqvard the booth . ( comtiniten ! 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 24 . as continoed : £ . counter with : Zidler as he lightly step down the mazzanine . 2idler + _ can you can can can ? as the bohos be see pass behind Zidler , we push toward they , discover toulouse scare some tourist out of he 1 seat . — orp = ~ - " '' tulouse glance exound the hall . he can not see Zidlex in the booth next to they . Mission accomplich . we ‘va successfully avade Zidler . track with tovlouse and Christian to Zidler and the Duke . close of : the small , beady eye of the duke . zidler my dear Duke ! duke when do I ger to meet the girl ? e~ pull out : Zidlexr murmer seductively . 2tdler after she number , I ‘va arrange a special supper . just you and Mademoiselle satin : totally alane . duke alone you say ? track back : to toulouse . he lean in to Christian . / toulouse ( cont no ) ' after she number , I will arrange a private meeting . just you and mademoiselie satin ; tetally alone . . close on : Christian , nexvous . christian alone ? hold : Zidler and the Duke . teuleuse and Christian in the one frame . zidler / toulouse yes , totally aione ... '' . . suddenly : ( continued ) 18 4th pink amendment as --@ 1/6/2000 . 25 . be continued : ( 2 ) bang ) wigh above the .crowi a thunderous flash of white light explode inte a trillion sparkling ember . cur to : the hold four shet . White light flash on the bohos , Zidler and the Duke . push in : holding only Christian and the Duke . topographical shot : hundred of top hat illuminate by the '' blaze white light . the heat tilt back in unison the gaze won the unearthly vision of the jewel encrust sparkling diamond descend on a trapeze through the clear smoke . a deep , hot silence fill the hall . : zioler and toulouse join christian and the duke in the toulouse whisper : toulouse it 's she : the sparkle diamond ... @idler whisper to the Duke . zidler satin . . satin : sadly sing . satin ( sing ) the preach be glad to die for love . they gelight in fight duel , but I prefer a man who life track in on : Christian . satin ( sing ) ( cont ‘d ) and give , expensive ... jewel ! : ' suddenly : the erchestra pound into 2 rambunctious , nec - ' pois dance - groove . the top - hat scream like zeucous school S. : satin ( sing ) ( cont ’d ) a kiss on the band may be quite continental satin ( sing ) ( comt ’d ) but diamond be a girl 's besc friend * nervous * " find himself palming a big franc note into the outstretch hat of the wicked - face boy who trail satin . satin ( sing ) ( cont ’d ) a kiss may be grand 9 pa pink amendment as sn a7872008 26 . i5e continued : ( 3 ) a5 satin allow three fat fan to plant kiss on she cheex . she withdraw , lambast they with . satin ( sing ) { cont ’d ) qn you humble flat . or help you feed you pussycat , satin point the fat fan towards the wick - face Boy and he collection hat . the audience be become wilder . satin ( sing ) ( conr 'p ) Men grow cold as girl grow old and we all losc we chazm in the end satin sub herself against a group of top -hatter like a affectionate feline . satin ( sing ) ( cont 'd ) but square cut or pear shape this rock do not jose they shape . - diamond be a girl 's best friend aid by the tabasco brother acrobat , satin fly up onto a table then abandon herself to a free fall . the tabasecs eateh she and carry she high above the crowd . the top- hatters strain to touch het . the wick - sace boy 's hat now overflow with cash and sparkling trinket cot to : Christian , mouth agape . * sem : scene 154 , 158 , 15c , 15d have see deletedst ? int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . 15e terzify , Christian rise . christian , a I sheuld go ... toulouse and the bohemian pull he back into he seat . toulouse she 's really very shy , and a great lover of poetry . satin be join by a chorus of can can acolyte . CUT to : the cold , beady eye of the Duke . he watch satin antently . CUT to : satin . she dance up the stair through a line of vich rake , snatching gift as she go . . ( comprwomd ) 4th pink amendment as -@ 1/6/2000 27 . iss continued : ase Tiffany 's , cartier , Black Star , roscor . yes we be live in a material world . and I be a material girl - ~kiss - boy : talk to I Harry 2idler , tell I all about ic ! cuT to : the Duke 's booth . Zidler , hearing he cue , snap '' sack into showbiz mode . 2idler Excuse not . Zidler leap onto the floor . the tabasco Brothers , tumble into the centre of the room . create @ platform with table . thay magically lift Zidier and satin onte the platform . satin and Zidler dance cut a. fumy littie pantomime where Zidler play ea lustful older go . satin ( sing ) there may come 2 time whan 2 lass need a lawyer , . zidler ( sing ) but diamond be '' girl 's best friend . CUT to : tovulcuse 's booth . close on : Christian 's stunne expression . he make to leave . christian I should really umm ... , unpack . toulouse reassure Christian with a devilish grin . - 4 SE . do not worry . I all sally forth and¢ ree thing up ! toulouse raise he cene like a mock sword . it send a gerink tray , hold by a pass waiter . fly into the lap of the Duke in the adjacent booth . toulouse ( cont no ) on. ob terribly sorry . toulouse , snatch a white handkerchief fram the Duke 's breast pocker and begin maniacally dabbing . the Duke clearly loathes be touch . ( compinoed ) 4th pink amendment as '' 1/6/2000 26 . 1sz corrswaep : ( 21 ase duke it 's all right . leave I ! De not touch , please ! . cur to : the platform . satin ( sing ) . there may come a time when a hard boil fe employer think you be '' " " Zid@ler mime pinching satin 's bottom zidler ( sing ) awful nice satin snatch a diamond gift satin ( sing ) but get chat ice or else no dice . he 's you guy when stock be high but deware when start to descend . Cause that 's when 2 louse , go back to they spouse . be a girl 's best , ere a girl 's besr , be a girl 's best friend . a as the chorus sing , Zidlex mime shower satin with large sake giamond in exchange for piece of she clothing . the other dancex move around they , mask the striptease . the crowd roar with each exchange . satin and 2idler mirsur to each other as they dance . satin be the Duke here haroid ? : 1 , zidler liedchen , would daddy let you down ? satin where be he ? Zidler be now look over satin 's shoulder . zidler in the centre ... Zidler' Pov : through a blur of audience he can see the Duke be accost by a madly dabbing toulouse . close on : Zidler 's horror stricken face . _c 4th pink amendment as 1/6/2000 28 . . asx continued : ( 3 ) iss 2idler ( cant have ) whaz 's that bloody madman toulouse do ? he 's subpose to be work with audrey on the seript ! vo because of theiz choreography , satin be turn away and camnet see toulouse . the CUT to : the Duke 's booth . his face distort with outrage . duke that silk handkerchies be a gift from oy mother toulouse sorzy . CUT to : Zidler . he whisper . 2idler in the middle booth . the one toulouse be waveng the hanky at . as gatin turn , toulouse leap to Christian and pluck a handkerchief from Christian 's pocket . toulouse Excuse I Christian . close on : satin . she strain to spy the Duke through the. crowd . CUT to : toulouse . he wave the handkerchief at Christian . toulouse ( cont no ) May I borrow ? CUT to : satin. puzzle . satin . , the one toulouse be shaking the hanky at , '' be vou sure ? Zidler dance around satin . zidler give I a peex . toulouse , have return to the Duke 's booth , be enthusiastically dabbing . he etope , confuse by the celd hard shape beneath the Duke 's jacket ; it feel suspiciously like a gun . toulouse look up . he realise he be not dahbing the Duke . but the Duke 's man-servant . Warner . warmer shake he head in stern warning . toulouse indignantly throw the handkerchief in Warner 's face . toulouse you clean he up . ( continiten ) 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 . 30 . 15 £ continued : ( 4 ) 28e € ) 1 ) toulouse leap onto the dance flcor . CUT to : zidler squatting down to join satin behind the chorus of can can girl . unseen by the audience they talk as they frantically disrobe . zidler that 's he chicken . I hope that demonic little loon do not frighten he off . '' got to : '' the outrage Duke . unseen by 2idler , he stalk off ; Warner in tow . CUT to : satin and Zidler behind the can can.girl . : satin will he invest ? 2idler pigeon , after a special supper with you . how could he refuse ? satin what 's he type ? satin 's face suddenly transform into that of a wilting flower 's . satin ( cont no ) wilting flower ? | close on : satin transform into a bright and bubbly go - time girl . satin ( cont no ) briskt and bubbly ? close on : a haughty demeanour . satin ( cont no ) oz smolder tenptress ? zidler ; a professional appraisal . zidler I no say smolder temptress . Zidler , a parting think . 2idler ( cont have ) we 'ze all rely on you gosl . remember ; a real show , in a real theatre , with a real audience end you will be .. satin , a warm smile . ©) € ) 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 a1 . 18e continued : { 5 ) isz satin a real actress . the can can chorus part , revenling satin , apparentiy naked but for a cover of fake diamond . Zidler in he underwear make a big show of snatching up he trousers . as Zidlez exit the platform , he almost collide with toulouse . _ toulouse pop out of frame just in the nick of time . satin , wag she finger at the depart Zidler sing . satin ( sing ) Cause that 's when that louse CUT to : toulouse yell up et satin from ground level . . toulouse bejewel vision ... ' tin wiaware of toulouse continue to sing . satin . ( sing ) go back to they spouse ... toulouse amazonian goddess ... satin ( sing ) diamond be a girl 's best ... oblivious to toulouse , satin catch hold of a enormous giamante bracelet on the end of a trapeze . the tabasco Brothers swing satin through the air . satin ( sing ) diamond be a girl 's best ... diamond area girl 's best 4 CUT to : Christian . he be wide - eye with amazement as the near- naked satin leap from the diamante trapeze to land in front of he . satin ( sing ) friend the crowd applaud wildly as satin bend to Christian . Christian , scare up into the beactiful blue eve of satin , have stoppec breathe . close on : satin . satin I believe you be expect I . former tarnen\ ) '' 4th bink amendment as - '' 1/6/2000 . 32 . ise continued : ( 6 ) SE close on : Christian , dumbstruck . christian oh ... ak , yes . as the crowd chant , satin cheekily extend she hand to Christian satin I be afraid it 's lady 's choice . toulouse 's head suddenly pop up between then . toulouse I see you have meet my English friend ch .. satin turn sharply to toulouse . _ satin I will take care of it ! touiouse lean close , whisper ; toulouse he 's not just anybody . satin smile conspiretorially . satin I know . satin turn back to Christian . satin ( cont no ) let 's dance . satin offer she hand once mere to Christian . toulouse shove Christian up out of he seat . to wild approval from the crowd , satin and Christian take the floor . : CUT to : toulouse and cohort , amazec . satie that seem to go well . the doctor incredible . argentinian be have the gift with the woman . toulouse I toid you . he be a genius . CUT to : the dance floor . Christian 's awkwardness disappear as he find he foot . the crowd react as satin and Christian really start to move . 7 = ) '' 4th pink amendment as -@ 1/6/2000 33 . 18 xwt . moulin rouge . backstage . night . 16 Zidler have he eye to a spy-hele behind the bandstand . sm help Zidlez back into he clothes . Zicler' Pov : through a blur of crowé , zidlex can see satin dance with she top-hatre parcner . zidler comm ee - that duk . 17 int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . - 17 satin purr coquettishly as she dance with Christian . satin so wonderful of you to take a interest in we little show Christian can not believe he luck . christian tt sound very exciting ; I have love to be involved . . satin try to contain she amasement . satin really ? christian yes ; ° Christian , suddenly worried he be be too forward . christian ( cont would ) provide you enjoy what I do . satin , a meaningful gaze . satin of course I will . close cn : Christian blush . christian toulouse say we might be able to do it in ... private . satin a saucy smile . satin do he ? Christian stammer - ( continued ) '' 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 34 . 17 ' inurd : cow : 17 christian yes a private ... y' know close on : Christian , shy but 's intense . christian ( cont would ) ' poetry read . close on : satin , confuse . and then she think she understand : the young , rich Duke be too shy to mention sex . satin smile knowingly . satin . : oh , a ' poetry 's read . I no love a litrle . ' poetry 's after supper . close on : Christian amaze . and then come the moment all have be wait for : as the music build , the can can girl kick top hat from I n's head . Men wrichbe ecstatically as they hat sail skywerd . tne air be fill with kick foot and pop hat . satin ( cant no ) meag on to you hat . a tumultuous crescendo of mic as , with a lithe leng - jimbed kick , satin send Christian 's hat sailing skyward . follow : the ha= as it spin high above the dance - floor . bang ! Christian 's hat fall with perfect precision , back en top of he head . we hear : Christian 's voice-over . christian ( v/o ) ' that be the night I fall in - ove . cur to : satin hold high on a pyzamid of moulin performer . she launch into she provocetive finale . satin ( sing ) diamond , diamond , I de not mean rhinestone , but diamond be a wirl 's best .... best friend . with the final show -stopp chord , satin throw she head and arm skyward : the crowd thunder . suddenly : a forehode underscore . q) 4th pink amendment as~@ 1/6/2000 35 . 17 21 continued : ( 2 ) 27 top shot : satin high . above the crowd . her face be fill with panic . she gasp desperately for aix . suddeniy she eye roll back and she be crash to the floor . moment before impact , Le chocolat catch she in he massive arm . the crowd , think this be another amazing stunt , cheer wildly . close om : satin in Le chocolat 's arm . here be no sign of life . Le chocolat look urgently to Zidler who be now atop the bandstand Zidier signal Le chocolat to get satin off the floox . Le chocolat spirit satin away as the crowd wildly clap : ev* please note : there be 50 scene 18 , 19 , 20 *** int . moulin rouge . corridor night . 21 close on : satin 's unconscious face . Le checolat carry satin through a dirty backstage coxzidor crowdle with can can girl . noni legs in the atr , the bitchy lead dancer of the can can troupe , comment dryly . '' wint do not know if that Duke 's go get he money 's worth tonight . - mome fromage , a dumb but good - nature dancer , be conceme . mome fromage do not be unkind nini . * 224 int . moulin rouge . dressing room . night . 2 u a Le chocolat lay satin on a tatter chaise longue . the face of the can can girl scare down at hex . suddeat . ? y a olde woman : marie push she wey through the girl . marie let I through girl . close on : satin . her eye open gently as Marie hold smell salt under she acse . . satin cough , then smile as she mock herself . @) 21a 22 23 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 36 . imued : con : satin oh this silly costume . sm push he way through the girl . su alright you girl , back out front and make that gent thirsty . sm hiss to Marie . sm ( cont no ) problem ? close on : Marie , quickly cover . . marie . nething for you to be worry about . sm look to chocolat . am do not just stand there ; frock on for the hunkadola ! int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . 22 . the crowd continue to chant . : crowd satin ! satin ! Zidler , worried , look to the wing . sm andicate satin will not be appear . slam zoom : Zidler 's horrify face . then , the consummate professional , Zidler pout like a sad child . : zidler you have frighten she away . but I spy some lonely moulin rouge dancer who be look for a partner or two , so if you can hunk himk , you can hunkadola with then . the music strike up énd they dance the hunkadola . Le chocolat and the cocolicious boy anc La Petite princess perform the humkadola . int . moulin rouge . moulin rouge dressing room . night . 23 Marie lace satin into a red satin dress . ( continued ) 23 4th pink amaniment as @ 1/6/2000 . 37 . continued : : 23 marie that twinkle - toe Duke have take the bait my gizl . with 2 pacron like he and spectacular spectacylar , all you dream could come true : you could be the next Sarah bernhardt . with almost religious reverence , satin starca into one of the many hand - coloured Sarah bernhardt postcard that adern she mirror . satin . oh Marie , could I ever be like the great Sarah ? marie you have get the talent ; you heok this Duke and you will be lighting up the great stage cf Europe before you know it . close on : satin . almost like a prayer , she whisper into the mirror . . satin I will be ean actreas Marie , and we can fly , fly away fxzom here . suddenly : the door burst open : revealing a panicked 2idler . 2idler ducky , everything alright ? satin , stand tall , radiate life . satin of course harold . Zidler beam like a proud father . . 1 zidler oh thank goodness , you certainly weave you magic with that Duke on the dance floczr . satin how do I look ? a ecstatic Zidler . zidler my little strawberry , how could he resist 50 well ! from gobble you up ? everything 's go t) q ) ath pink amendment .as *@ '' 1/6/2000 36 . 24 ext . moulin rouge . garden . night . 24 the Duke have be clean up . he hurry with Warner back through the garden and into the hall . duke ping Zidler ; the girl 's wait for I . as the Duke wipe frame , the head of toulouse , satie , the argentinian and the Doctor pop up in front of camera . they gaze up towards the tower wood and papier- mach é elephant that stand in the garden . toulouse whisper , amaze . . ' toulouse ' unbelievable , straight to the elephant . close on : the argentinian awestruck . argentinian the boy have talent . crane : up from the bohemian , and around the elephant to look ... 24a ext . moulin rouge . elephant . night . 24a through a heart shape window in the elephant 's head . there , we can see Christian standinc self - consciously in a magical red room upholster like the inside of a genie 's bottle . 25 int . moulin rouge . elephant . night . 25 Christian look nervously around the room . satin appear fxom behind a screen wear nothing but a diaphanous silk gown . satin what do you think ; poetic enough for you ? Christian , transfix by the vision of this goddess , stammer . christian y...yes . satin glide seductively to a small trolley laid out with caviar and Champagne . satin a little supper ? ( pearrtaarren\ of ~ os 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2090 " 38 . 28 continued : Christian can hardly speak . christian ah ... I no rather jast get it over and do with . satin , startle , immediately recover and drape herself alluringly over the chaise lengue . she whisper naughtily . satin we mm - very well , why do not you come down here and let 's get it , ‘over and dene with 's . 'o lose on : Christian , nervous . christian I would prefer the do it stand ... satin , unruffled , rise fram the couch . satin mem , of course . Christian , panicked by satin 's near- neke proximity back away . christian you do not have the ; stand I mean , sometimes it 's quite long , I want you to be comfortable . satin be mamentarily chrown . christian ( cont no ) t's very modern wnat I do , it might feel a@ bit strange at first , but if you be open I think you will enjoy it . satin : I be sure I will . a Christian suddenly stop , close he eye . a moment , satin be puzzle . satin ( cont no ) be everych alright ? christian I '' sorry , I 'ma bit nervous ... satin ; quietly understanding . satin ( comtinued ? 25 q ) 4th pink amendnent as -@ 1/6/2000 25 continued : ( 2 ) christian 46 . it 's just sometimes it take a while for the inspiration ; to come . satin 's hand drop down out of frame . Christian 's eye pop open very wide . satin dee that inspire you . I I . christian oh ... satin let 's make love . satin throw Christian on the bed . Christian what be happen . christian make . ..? satin you want to do not you ? close on : Christian , dumbfounded . christian ah ...? satin move she lip closer . satin tell the truth , can not you feel the poetry ? csristian yes ... satin feel it , feel it , feel the poetry . hex lip so close . Christian be melting . christian ( cont would ) oh yes . 26 ext . moulin rouge . elephant . night . the argentinian hold toulouse by he heel . see into the small elephant window . satie how 's it go ? close on : toulouse amaze . ea not believe toulouse can ( continued ! 25 26 ©) ath pink amendment as.@ 1/6/2000 41. 26 continued : 26 . toulouse he really do have a way with the word . . 4 's 27 int . moulin rouge . elephant . night . 27 satin. be on top of Christian . satin come on big boy . Christian be in ecstasy . christian ha ... satin free the tiger . christian oh ... satin be on top of Christian . wearing he top-hat and hold a riding crop she ride Christian like a horse . satin show I you poetry ! close on : Christian . stun . christian now ? Satan urgentiy . satin yes , I need it now . Christian , summoning all he wilipower , leap to he foot . . christian alright . satin nearly fall off the divan , but cover she benusement brilliantly . Christian , intensely recite . christian ( cont no ) it 's a little bit sumny this feel inside close on : satin , stunne . satin what ? icowrzmmp ) ©) € ) 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 42 . cont iad = 27 27 '' christian I be not one of that who can easily hide . suddenly satin realize that ' * poetry ' , mean poetry . satin oh , poetry ... ohhh Le Christian stop , unsure if he be do the right thing . cbristian be this 0.k .? be this what you want ? satin , think she finally understand the game , purr appreciatively . satay oh ; oh yes ... christian I doe not have much money , but if I do . I would buy a big house where we both could live . satin begin to groan sensuously to the verse . satin ' miemm , yes . Christian , encourage , go further . christian if I be a seulptor , but then again , no . satin ch , oh , ok , wonderful ... cbristian or a man who make potion in a : : travel show . satin begin to sway erotically to the verse , satin ch , oh , co not ; Christian , dumbfounded , stop . satin ( cont no ) do not stop ...! christian I know it 's not much , but <t 's the best I can do . satin be writhe on the divan . ( continued ! 4th pink amendment as 1/6/2000 43. 27 28 continued : ( 2 ) satin oh , oh , ohhhhhhh . Christian , close he eye and sing with the voice of a angel . : christian ( sing ) ( cont 'd ) my gift be my song and this one 's for you close on : satin , still by the beauty of Christian 's voice . christian ( sing ) ( cont 'd ) and you can tell everybody this be you song : it may be quite simple but now that it 's do Christian sing to satin from the depth of he soul . christian ( sing ) ( cont 'd ) hope you de n‘r mind Z hope you do not mind that I put dow in word how wonderful dife be when you be in the world satin be transfix by this young man with the voice of a angel . . Christian lead she onto che little elephant balcony . ext . moulin rouge . elephant balcony . night . with the light of Paris stretch out before they , Christian sing . christian ( sing ) Sat on the roof and I kick off the moss well same of this verse well , they , they have get I quite cross but the sun 's be kind while I write this song it 's for people like you that keep it turn on it be es if satin be see Christian for the first cime . christian ( sing ) so excuse I forget but this thing I do you see I nve forget if they be green er they nre blue - . anyway the thing be what I really mean ( more ) 27 28 @ ) '' ) 4th pink amendment as -@1/6/2000 46 . " 28 continued : . 2 B . christian ( cont would ) . your be the sweetest eye I nve ever see . . 25 ext . night sky . ( vfx ) . night . 29 as violin swell to a full orchestral arrangement , Christian and satin waltz across the sky , past the eiffel Tower and around a smile man in the moon . - | a_band of heavenly angel join the chorus as Christian 's voice soar . christian / angel ( sing ) and you can tell everybody this be you song '' tt may be quite simple but now that it 's and you can tell everybody this be you song it may be quite simple but now that it 's hope you do not mind I hope you do not mind that I put down in word how wonderful life be now you be in the world 30 ext . moulin rojge . elephant . night . 30 qn top of the elephant , to the romantic underscore of the final bar of music , the bohemian excitedly toast each other with a large bortle of absinthe . toulouse look like he get the job . 31 not . moulin rouge . elephant . night . 31 as the song end we be back inside the elephant . satin be in Christian 's arm . they hold each other 's stare . satin softly . murmur . satin I do not believe it ; I be in love with a yousg , handsane talented Duke . close on : Christian . a horrible realisation . ' { comtinged ) ©) q ) 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 - as. cpl continued : christian Duke ? . satin + not that the title 's important . christian I be not a Duke . close ow : satin . satin you be not a Duke ? christian I be a writer . satin a writer ? christian toulouse think ... satin toulouse ? oh no ; you be not another of toulouse 's oh-so - talented , charmingly bohemian , yet tragically impoverish protege be you ? : christian you might say that . it be satin 's worst nightmare . : satin oh no ; no. no , no ! I be go to kill he ! 32 ext . moulin rouge . elephant . night . 1 32 satie call to toulouse . ' satie how 's it go ? toulouse I think there might be a small hitch . 33 dvt . moulin rouge . elephant . night . 33 audrey leave and toulouse want I to audition to write the show . : satin what about the Duke ... ( continued ) ‘) '' ? 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 a6 . a3 continued : a3 suddenly there be a knock on the door . zidler ( 0 /s ) my dear , be you decent for the Duke ? as the door bang open , satin hiss to Christian . satin hide ! ' cizistiah leap behind the food trolley as 2idler appear im the doorway . Zidler mouth frantically to satin : zolder wnere have you be ? satin whisper . satin Zidler , turn the bring the Duke into the room , be the picture of bonhomie . zidler my gear Duke , allow I to introduce satin : the sparkle diamond and star of the forthcoming moulin rouge presentation " spectacular spectacular 's . satin turn , beam fadiantly . satin monsieur , how wonderful of you to take time out of you busy schedule to visit . the Duke eye satin 's silk clad form rapaciously . duke the pleasure , I feax , will be entirely mine my dear . Zidler Sacks out like mumsy not want to interrupt a first date . zidler I will leave you two squirrel to get better acquainreé . nearly out the door , Zidler point vigorously at the Duke 's back as he mouth silently to satin : zidler ( cont no ) ~ investment ! with a final ... ( reer teren + 4th pink amendment as @,1/672000 . av. 33 ' comtinemd . = ( 2 ) 33 sidler ( cont have ) tatta ! . Zidler at the door and the Duke and satin be seemingly alone . duke after tonight 's pretty exertion surely mst be in need of refreshoent . . '' " ° ( ie Duke turn toward the behind which Christian be Riding . satin desperately stop he with : satin dea't you just love the view . the Duke , perturb by satin 's strange behaviour resist . dure my dear I would like a glass of Champagne ! Christian be now crawl on he hand and knee behind the Duke to the balcony door . the Duke mst turn and see he when satin exclaim sharply . satin se 's a little bic fumy ! the Duke turn back to satin . whar be ? satin , desperately think . satin this feel , inside . the Duke 2 quigzzical loek . satin. try to remembex the 4 satin ( cont have ) I be not one of that who can ... Christian , behind the Duke 's leg , mouth the word . satin ( ccnt no ) easiiy hide . close on : the Duke engage by the word . satin ( cent would ) I doe not nave much money but if I do , z7o by &@ big house where we both could have . ( oreer rarer 's 33 4th pink mnandmect as - ' 1476/2000 '' a. continued : ( 3: satin desperate . look at Christian through the Duke 's leg . burst into song . satin ( sing ) I hope you do not mind I hepe you da not mind satin gentiy bring the Duke to he feer . satin ( sing ) _ ' @hat J put doen in word how wonderful life be now you be in the world a moment of silence . the Duke be transfix but still block Christian 's exit to the balcony . duke that 's very beautiful . satin ic 's from " spectacular spectacular " , suddenly with you here I finally understand the true meaning of that word : '' how wonderful life be now you be in the world .* the Duke be inexplicably move . duke what meaning be that my dear ? suddenly satin be fight beck tear . satin Duke , do not toy with my emotion ! you know the effect you have on woman ! close on : the juke , he do not but be delighted . close on : Christian , eppall . setin suddenly pull the Duke down to the divan . satin {cont 'a ) let 's make love . the Duke find hinsel ? on top of satin . duxe oooh ... Christian stand , but unable to bear the sight of satin and the Duke on the divan , do not leave . satin push the Duke 's face into she breast while motion for christian to get out . ( continued ! 33 C ) ath pink jenne as & 1/6/2000 49 . 33 continued : 33 satin you want to make love do not you ? seristian be still not move . the Duke stzuggle up for a dore Love ? _ satin exclaim joyously . satin I know you feel the same way ! push the Duke 's face back down , satin emit a strangle ian at Christian which clearly mean '' get out or I will you . " the Duke , think this be a cry of passion , groan ecstatically . satin , see Christian will not budge , suddenly change tack . she hold the Duke 's face firmly in both hand . satin ( cont no ) you be right , we should wait . clos2 ow : the Duke mystify . duke wait ? Christian stil : will not go . satin , with sudden inspiration . satin yes ... wait until open night . : this be enough for Christian . he exit throrgh the baleony 4 door . satin leap to she feex . satin ( cont no ) I do not know what come over I . the Duke be txy to catch up . dike but ... satin turn sharply to the Duke . satin there 's a power in you that scare I . you should go . the Duke , snap out of it . '' 34 4th pink amendment as 81/6/2000 5g . continued : ( 5 ) € 33 dore I just get here . satin . = yes , it all be torturé for we both but we must wait till oper nicht . sarin bean love and affection as che push the Duke toward che door . oa - z satin we will see '' each other everyday during xehearsal . satin , suddenly . satin ( cont would ) you be invest be not you ? close on : tae Duke try to contain he excitement . duke it 's a little bit fumny this feel inside . satin how wonderful life be now you be in the world . satin shut the deor on the Duke . Christian enter . satin turne angrily on he . satin do you have any idea what would happen ait ... ' as satin ' 's egitation grow she start to cough . satin ( cont would ) 1 i= you be ... cin stop . she can barely speak . satin ( cont would ) found ... suddenly she knee be buckle and satin be fall . Christian catch she . int . moulin rouge . zidler n's office . wight .. : 34 Zidler , in he vast office that everleok the moulin rouge , bend to the brass telescope that stand by the window . he murmir . . eee ( ) . '' mayer so pink amendment as :@ 2/6/2000 '' 1. a ees as - comiimued : 34 idler let 's have & peekaboo . Zioler' Pov : in the elephant window he can see the silhouette of satin in a man 's arm . 2idler ( cont would ) right on target . " int . moulin rouge . elephant . night . 35 close ow : Christian , bewilder ; satin unconscious in he ame . suddenly the dour open and the Duke be there . duke I fergot my .... close on : the Duke stop , horrify by the sight of satin in Christian 's arm . doke ( cont no ) poul play ? satin regaina consciousness . . satin oh Duke . the Duke , leaping now to a entirely different conclusion , snarl darkly . duxe - it 's a little bit funny this feel inside . satin , completely unfaze . smile vadiantly . satin : a beautifuily speak Duke . let mne introduce a the writer . the Duke look suspiciously toward Christian . duke the writer ? satin we be rehearse . the Duke mockingly . duke De you expect I to believe that scantily clad , in the arm of ancther man , inside a elephant , in the middle of the night . you be rehearse ? 4th pink amendment as -@ 1/6/2000 . s2 . 35 cowrmeue : suddenly : toulouse burst in . toulouse how 's the rehearsal go ? : tne Duke watch goggle -ey as the argentinien . the Doctor anc satie charge in . argentinian . serry , get hold up . the decter offer bis absinthe bottle to the Duke . the doctor can I coffer you a drink ? satie sit at the litcle piano . 36 dit . moulin rouge . Zidler' office . might . 37 Zidler' telescope Pov : Zo the elephant room , he can see the silhouettes of six man : one of whom appear to be a dwarf . close on : Zidler , horrify . zidler oh sy goodness ! int . moulin rouge . elephant . night . satin look adoringly at the duke. , satin when you speak choose word so beautifully you make I realise we have a lot of work to do hefore tomorrow . so I call : everyone together for a emergency rehearsal . the Duke be suddenly suspicious again . duke if you be rehearse , where 's Zidlex ? satin I do not want to bother harold . suddenly Zidler enter . satin beam delightedly . satin ( cont would ) harold , you make it . ( continued ) 35 36 37 ( ) , 4th pink amendment as @2/6/2000 - s3. a7 continued : 37 . Zidler turn desperately to . the Duke . zidler terribly sorry Duke ; =...2 ... satin desperately interrupt . satin it 's alright harold , the Duke know all ebout the emergency rehearsal . the 2idler stop . 2xdler . emergency rehearsal ? satin to incorporate the Duke 's artistic idea . Zidler try to catch up . zidler artistic ... I be sure audrey would ... toulouse casually . audrey 's leave . 2idler he 's what ! satin laugh mischievously . satin harold , the cat 's out of the bag . the Duke 's a dig fan of we new writer 's work . that 's why he 's sc keen to invest . close on : Zidler . he do not quite know what 's go on but he do not care . zidler amvest : oh yes well , invest , you can not blame I ior try co hide , ah ... toulouse prompte : toulouse Christian . zidler Christian away . duke I be way ahead of you Zidler ! . Zidler , usher the Duke from the room . ( continued ) 4th pink amendment acs @\2/6/2000 : se. 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 . ztoler dear Duke why do not we go to my office and peruse the paperwork . duke what 's the story ? Zidler be stop in he track . zidler _ wom > stery ? duke T be the invest , I will need to know the story . 2idler , desperately grasp for a idea . zidler yes , the story 's about ... 2idler turn to toulouse . zidler ( comr -a ) toulouse ? . toulouse well it 's about ... Christian leap in . ceristian it 's about love . CUT to : toileuse and bohemian nodd approvingly . dore Love ? Christian glance toward satin . i christian about love overcome all obstacle . toulouse interject . toulouse =t 's set in Switzerland . the Duke be unsure . swatzerland ? - bidler paiat the picture . ( continued ) \® the @th pink anencment as @ 1/6/2000 : 55 . . . comrswid : 7 2idler bxctic Switzerland . Christian take in the lush bastern decor of the elephant room , interject . + christian india ! it 's set in India . all look toward Christian . , christian ( cont would ) and there 's a courtesan . christien turn to satin . christian ( cont would ) : the mos= beautiful courtesan in al India . when the kingdem that the courtesan life in be invade by a evil maheraja , she mist seduce the maharaja to save the kingdom , but on the night of the seduction , she mistake 2 penniless sitar blayer for the maharaja fall in love with he . - Christian turn to satin , hurriedly explain . christian ( cont would ) she sitar player be not try to trick ber ox anything he just happen to be dress as the maharaja because he 's appear in a play . the argentinian leap forward , strike intense tange pose . argentinian Z will play the penniless , tango dance sitar player . he will sing like a angel but dance like the devil . . duke what happen next ? christien , furiously improvise . christian the sitar player and the courtcsan have to hide theiz love from the evil maharaja . satie suddenly interject . satie the permiless sitar player 's sitar be magical ; it can enly speak the truth . {contintfed ) ath pink amendment as @ 1/67/2000 s6 . 37 continued : ( 4 ) 37 tevlouse waddle forward . toulouse zi will play the magical sitar . turn to satin , toulouse mime pluck he own string . . toulouse ( cont would ) you be beautiful . toolouse ( cont have ) you be ugly . to Zidler . to the Duke . toulouse ( cont would ) you be a idi ... zidler frantically clamp he hand over toulouse 's mouth . the Duke turn to Christian . | duke . he give the game away eh ? Zidier biurr incongruously . . zidler tell he about the con can ... Christian desperately improvise . christian yes , the tantric can can , it 's ... Zidier jump in . 2 zidler a erotic spectacular scene that capture the thrust , violent , vibrart , wild . bohemian spizit that this wnole production embody Duke ! close on : the Duke . duke what do you mean by that ? Zidler be catch out . zidler well ... I mean the show will be a magnificent , opulent , tremendous , stupendous , gargancuar , bedazzlement ; a sensual ravishment it will be ... ( continued ) be , et pink amendment as 41/6/2000 s7 . sontiwued : { 5 ) 37 zidler ( comt D ) ( sing ) spectaculer . spectacular no word in the vernacular returm be fix at ten per cent . you must agree that 's excelienr and on top , of you fee all ( sing ) — _ * you will be involved artistically so exciting bohos / satin / christian ( sing ) the audience will stomp and cheer all ( sing ) so delight . bohos / satin / christian ( sing ) it will run for fifty year all ( sing ) so exciting the audience will stamp and cheer so deligh : xe will run for fifty yeer all ( except toulouse ) ( sing ) so exciting the sudience will stomp and cheer so delight it will run for fifty year toulouse grab a elephant mask from the wall and put it on Zidier . toulouse ( sing ) elephant the doctor ( sing ) sonemian zidler ( sing ) Indians satin coyly to the Duke . satin ( sing ) and courtesan satie a acrobatic trick while still play the piano . satie ( sing ) acrobat the argentinian , wear the bear rug , juggle fruit . ( continued ) 4th pink amendment as @\1/6/2000 . 58 . 37 comrt=mump : ( 6 ) a . argentinian ( sing ) and juggling bear , toulouse 's ( sing ) exotic Girls . the Doctor take a mouthful of absinthe and ignite it from a candle blow a jet of fleme into the air . everyone ( but the doctor ) { sing ) Fire eater . all '' ( but christian and argentinian ) ( sing ) muscle man satie contortedly play the piano with he foot . all { but christian argentinian ) ( sing ) contertionist the argentinian shoot Christian with »# cork pop fron the Champagne bottle . argentinian / christian ( sing ) - intrigue , danger toulouse grab the bottle and jump into the Duke 's arm . toulouse ( sing ) and romance all ( sing ) : electric light , machinery Zidler joyously . zidler ( sing ) . . and all that electricity '' all ( sing ) so excize the audience will stomp and cheer so deligh ye will run for fifcy year so exciting the audience will stemp and cheer seo delight ir will run for fifty year spectacular , spectacular no word in the vernacular can describe this great event you will be dumb with wonderment = toulouse ( sing ) = beautifully arcistical v) ea of 4th pink amendment 4s 1/6/2000 se. 7 comtzmmp : ( 7 ) 37 close on : the Doctor 's eye spin in he head . the doctor ( sing ) chemically mystical satie suddenly perform a incredibly dazzle but almost unbearably discordant arpeggio on the piano . satie ( sing ) musically eclectical the argentinian triumphantly jump on top of the piano argentinian ( sing ) bohemian spectactical ! all ( sing ) the bill be alive with the sound of music . all ( sing ) so exciting the audience will stomp and cheer so delight ie will run for fifty year so exciting the audience will stomp and cheer so delight ie will run for fifty year duke but what happen in the end ? christian ( sing ) the courtesan and sitar man ... be pull apart by a evil plan satin ( sing ) but in the end she hear he song : . christian ( sing ) and they love be just too strong suddenly , all eye be on the Duke as he half -sing , feelingly to setin . luke ( sing ) ie 's a listle bit funny this feel sneide . the number carry on as if nothing have happen . magically toulouse and the bonemian make drape fall so they look like theatre curtain . all ( sing ) so exciting the audience will stomp and cheer ( more ! ( continued ) —e ee ee no ae St en amt 4th pink amendment as -@ 1/6/2000 60 . 37 comtimied : ( 6 ) 37 ae all ( cont 'a ) - . : cc so delight : . at will run for fifty year the argentinian and satin act out the scene , frame by the grape as if they be onstage . . : christian ( sing ) the sitar player 's secrat song help chem flee the evil one - use cloth as a elaborate turban , bedspread as cloak , a " ~ ~ " = " butter knife as sword and silver dish cover as shield , zidler dress himself as the evil maharaja . | christian ( sing ) though the tyrant rant and rail Ze be all - the a0 avail 2 Zidlex suddenly laumch into a imeredibly hamny , interpretation of the maharaja . 2idler I be the evil maharaja , you will not escape ! : : a moment of sturm silence , all look toward Zidler . satin oh marold , no - one could play he like yeu sould . . Zidler , indignant . zioler no-one 's go =o . all ( sing ) so exciting . the audience will stomp and cheer so. delight tt will run for fifty year so exciting we will make chem laugh , we will make then ery . so delight close on : the Duke , very still . duke dn the end should someone die ? all ignore the Duke . so exciting the audience will stomp and cheer so delight eo tt will run for fifty year ! ( cowrimved ) 4th pink amendment as 6,1/6/2000 62 . 39 continued : ( 9 ) 37 . chrigtian , satin , toulouse , the argentinian , the docter , '' satie , and Zidler sing as they form the incredible final tableau . the mamber peak into a climactic show stop finale . bang ! silence . all eye be fix on the Duke . with perfect , complete stillness , they wait for he response . close on : tne Duke . he consider . duke generally , I like it . a explosion of cheer and scream as everyon go . berserk . the bohemian congratulate they new writer . super fast zoom : out of the elephant to ... 37a ext . moulin rouge . elephant . night . 37 a ° silbouert in the blaze window of the elephant , . everyone jum for joy . we hear Christian 's voice-over . cmristian w/ o have 2 show . °°* rlease mote : there ark mo scene 38,39,40,43++« 42 ext . toulouse lautrec' studio / christian' garret . night . 42 toulouse 's rooftop studio be ablaze with light . crane : through the window and past the wildly party toulouse , bohemian , Le chocolat , Le petomane , nini , méme fromage and the cer. can girl . christian v/o ( cont ’d ) while the celebration party rage upateir i trieé to write ... crane : down through the hole in the studio floor and into Christian 's garret ... 43 int . christian' garret . night . . 43 we see caristian 's typewriter abandon on - the desk . the sheet of paper in the typewriter have spectacular spectacular write at the tog . the rest of the page be - completely biank . 4ch pink comtiireed 43 eat . Christian , lean the silhouette of the night . amendment as @ 1/6/2000 62 . christian v/o ( comtr ’d ) mut al . I could chink about be she . out onto the balcony . ' | christian v/o ( cont ’d ) have the courtesan mistakenly fall in iove with the peniless sitar player ; or. have ir all be a act ? christian 's garret . balcony . mniget . . christian ( sing ) how wonderful life be now you nre in the world ... 44a int . moulin rouge . elephant . niget . satin , alone in the little elephant room , tum out the last lamp . she move toward the door but stop . the prop use to pitch the show to the Duke still lircer the floor . as she gaze at they , she hear Christian ' 's voice in she head . as christian v/o " she mistake a fennileas sitar player for the maharaja and fall in love with he . lit now only by moonlight . satin whisper : satin I follow the night , can not stand the light against the '' l’amour sign , look toward moulin rouge . he gently secenade the the as a simple orchestrazior build , satin sing as she move out onte the elephant balcony . / ext . satin ( sing ) when will I begin to live again ? moulin rouge . elephant balcony . night . satin sing to the night . satin ( sing ) ( cant ’d ) one dey I will fly away . leave all this to yesterday . . what more could you love do for I when will love be through with I ( nore ) * a '' ) . '' ) 4th pink amendment as 'ot , 1/6/2000 . 63. 45 continged : as satin ( cont would ) . satin be cool . satin mo toulouse be right , you be talented . close on : Christian stare back . christian I ... satin break the moment . satin I would better go , big day tomorrow . satin move off , Christian stop she with : christian wait . satin turn . christian ( cont would ) I know before , you think I be a Duke , but I be just wonder ; be it all ... Christian be suddenly look into satin 's eye . christian ( cont would ) '' esa act ? satin meet Christian 's gaze . satin _ yas . ( continued ) '' '' to pink amendmenc as 6,1/6/2000 continued : ( 2 ) close on : Christian cover he embarrasement . christian yeah , of course , I -mean ... I know you as would not really fall in love with someone like I . satin smile . satin I do not ' fall in love 's with anyone . close on : Christian take this in . a life without love ; that 's terrible . satin leok at Christian with simple honesty . satin it 's better than never be able to fly away . christian but love be like oxygen , it 's ea many : splendoure thing , love lift we up wher we belong , all you need be love . satin , strong . satin do not start that again . Christian sing . christian ( sing ) Love , love , love . satin please do not do that . satin , irritate , move away . Christian , charming , she . pursue ( continued ) 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 6s . as corrzwmuzd : ( 3 ) . ac Christian Christian christian ( sing ) leve , jove , love . satin now I be get angry . christian ( sing ) Love , love , ilove . satin ( sing ) you nre christian ( sing ) + all you need be love satin ( sing ) a girl have get to eat christian ( sing ) all you need be love satin ( sima ) she '11 end up on the street christian ( sing ) all you need be love satin ( sing ) Love be just a game christian ( sing ) 2 be make fer loving you baby you be make for loving I satin ( sing ) the oniy way of loving I baby ts to pay '' lovely fee plead . christian ( sing ) just one night , give I just one right satin ( sing ) there 's no way Cause you can not pay throw himself to he knee . christian ( sing ) in the name of love one night in the aame of love satin ( sing ) you crazy fool . I will not give in to you ( comrinued} 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 , 66 . '' 5 continued : ( 4 ) satin try to leave . Christian stop she with : christian ( sing ) do not leave I this way I can not survive without you sweet love oh bahy do not leave I this ... satin turn on Christian . ngs ) ee eee * you would think people would have have enough of silly love sang Christian smile . christian ( sing ) I look around I and I see it be not so , ak no . satin sigh . satin ( sing ) some people want to fill the world with silly love song Christian unstoppably charming . christian ( sing ) and what 's wrong with that ? I no like to know ' Cause here I go again Christian heroically leap up ento the railing of the balcony as he sing : satin no ! christian ( sing ) : Love lift we up where we belong , 5 satin no get down . christian ( sing ) where exzgles cry qn a mountain high satin will net surrender . satin ( sing ) Love make we act like we be fool , throw we life away for ane happy day Christian sing to the star . {cowringed ) as 4th pink amendment as @&1/6/2000 67 . '' 5 continued : ( 5 ) satin ( stwg ) you , you will be mean and I , I will drink all the time '' '' ~ " ~ @izistian , sweetly , relentlessly , pursue she .. christian ( sing ) we should be lover satin ( sing ) eo we can not do that . christian ( sing ) we should be lover and that be that : satin ( sing ) - though nothing - will keep we together e . christian ( sing ) we could steal time . satin turn and look into Christian 's eye . christian / satin ( sing ) just for one day Christian and satin now sing cogether . christian / satin ( sing ) we can be heroes sor guar and ever a final joyous exclamation of love . christian ( sing ) juat because I , will always love you satin ( sing ) I ... satin and Christian be united . it be the identical image '' from the end of '' you sang " . oo — es 4th fink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 68. 4s 46 48 comtimued : '' 5 ghristian / satin ( sing ? can not help lovdag you satin ( stng ) how wonderful life be christian / satin ( sing ) now you be in the world ! Christian and satin be very close . they kiss . it 's long , siow and passionate . as satin and Christian sink to the cushion floor of the balcony , Christian brearhes through the kiss . christian I promise I will not be jealous . satin , a breathless reply . satin you be go to be bac for business . I ean tell . as Christian and satin disappear from frame ... rush : out over the moulin and up toward toulouse 's Studio . ext . moulin rouge . ' toulous 's studio balcony . night . 46 toulouse sit alenc on the little studio balcony . through the window behind he we can see the Doctor , satie and the argentinian asleep on the bed . wreckage from the party litter the studio and ome or two reveller be pass out on the floor . close on : toulouse . gazing down toward the moulin , he wistfully sing . toulouse ( sing ) how wonderful life be when you be in the world . '' ** please note : scene 47 mas be dew ere int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . Day . / 4b close on : a electric light bulb . we hear Zidler 's voice . 2 idler to some of you that may look merely like . the very latest in illuminatory design ... ( cont iiied ) cr y , yo 4th pink amandment as 6.2/6/2000 `s . as continued : 48 pull back : Zidler , coat grape over he shoulder like some great man of the theatce , address the full company . zidler tean a ) but for the next eight week that incandescent clobe will become you sm , you moon , you star . it will leek dow upon we poor foolish disciple of thespis ... '' gitrage , Mini interject . yaa steady a ! idler turn '' wither eye to nini. : zidler not lesbos nini ; theepic , the god of gramatic art . it will look down upon we disciple of thespis and watch the dram unfold . there will be break heart and break tooth . tired limb and exhaust imagination . but at the end of that eight week , with the good grace of we close on : the Duke . a puppy dog smirk toward satin . satin return 4 loving smile . the- Duke blushes , : pan : past the Duke to realise that satin 's smile be mecretiy aim at Christian . zidler . ( cont have ) we beloved moulin will be transformed into a theatre ! wide shot : the moulin , magicelly transformed into a theatre complete with red curtain . t the red curtain part to reveal Zidler 's monstrously huge . beam face . we realise we have be look et a model . zidler ( cont no ) and we wiil create the world 's first , completely modern , emtirely eiettric , totally bohemian , all sing , all @ancing stage spectacular ! with this a giant demolition ball explode threugh the back wall of the main hall and spew dust and debris over the entire company . slam zoom : on a excited , dust - cover Zidler . zidler ( cont would ) the show must go on ! 4th pink amendment as @1/6/2000 70 . . - continued : as { - a brassy , show -stopp orchestration of the smow must go gn play as we dissolve to : 498a tt . moulin rouge . MAIN hall , day . asa Mini , méme and the girl struggie with the tantric can can . Zidler direct . the can can girl wipe frame . puse past : the can can girl to see. '' corto " " " '' qsulouse 's paimt a backdrop as workmen tear the building satie conduct a gaggle of alternate musician . the Doctor desperately try to tune the smoking electromagnetica machine . he argentinian , satin and Zidler rehearse while Christian frantically make pencil adjustment to he seript . the argentinian declare : argentinian fear not we will conduct we love affair xight under the maharaja 's ... suddenly : the argentinian collapse unconscious . ( a zidler throw up he hand in despair . the acgentinian suddenly regains consciousness . argentinian ( cont no ) alxight , no problem , go back to you work ! 22dler honestly amigo , this be impossible ! the Duke shake he head and smile inanely at satin . '' Warner sit in the shadow behind he . satin return a loving smile . track : past the Duke to see the smile wes secretly aim at christian . the show must go on play as the struggle can can Girls wipe trame . ‘*erplease note : there be no scene 49*** 50 int . christian 's garret . night . 50 satin and Christian lie naked on the floor in a tangle of eo sheet . { ( comtimued ) 8 th fink amendment as @1/6/2000 . wh. 30 continued : so. they make love . crane : wet and dare through the hole in Christian 's roof and into ... soa int . toulousens studio . night . soa towlouse 's studio be litter with champagne bottle and other evidence of carcusal . jamme in the little bed whilouse , the dector , satie and the argentinian be fast asleep . . the show must go on play as we dissolve to : *** please note : scene sl mas be deleted * " * 52 int . toulouse 's studio . night . 52 toulouse drunkenly cock up a storm in the studio kitchen . satin. also drink . coaches from the sideline . Christian , read from typewritten page . leap around the xyoom act out the scene for they . christian '' por curing I of my ridiculous obsession with love* , scream the sirar player as be throw money at the courtesan 's foot . he be leave the kingdom forever . satin , who have be hang on every word , respond . satin . oh no. he 's net go to live a life without ilove ? christian yes , but suddenly the Magic sitar ... toulouse call excitedly while busily dish up food . toulouse that 's my part ! . cmristian who can only speak truth , appear and sayz ... toulouse . hold plates of steaming food , jump in . toulouse = know ! Magic sitar who can only speak truth sav ; '' dimer 's ready 's . '' the show must go on play as we dissolve to : ( comtinued ) 52 55 ath pink amendment as & 1/6/2000 72 . continged : the girl wipe frame with a impressive tantric can can . '' ** please notr : there be wo scene 53 and 5é*ee ext . christian' garret . day . Christian be type furiously . on the baleeny of the gerrer satin lean on the '' L " of the ' l'amour " sign . the novulin rouge be below , the 5a Sacre Coeur in the distance . Christian yip the page from the typewriter . walk toward satin , Christian act out the scene as he zead christian the sitar player take the courtesan in Love ... the end. Christian leok to satin . but she have turn away christian ( cont : a ) woat 's wrong ? satin smile sadly . satin it 's beautiful , but thing do not end that way . we story 's not go to end that wey . tin loek away from Christian , out over the light of Paris . satin ( contd ) qn open night I be ge to sleep with the Duke ... ceristian I know that . satin I be go to sleep with the Duke and the jealousy will drive you mad whatever you feel now will be forget . christian then ... han 1l write a song and I 'l ] put it in the show co no matter how bad thing seem , no matter what happen , whenever I bear you sing it , or hum it , oz whistle - t , oz tap it out ... Christian tap out the tune on the L ‘amour sign . ( comrrrued ) ss ? 55 * . «se se0e0e a@aean ae y@ 4th pink amendment as -@ 1/6/2000 73 . 35 continued : 56 christian ( conr have ) Zt x12 remind I chat ... I never know I could feel like this . it 's like I nve never see the sky before . be want to vanish inside you kiss . the orchestra join and Christian 's word seamlessly transform into song . christian ( sing ) every day I be loving you more and more listen to my heart , can you hear it sing ? telling I to give you everything season may change , winter to srzin but I love you to the end of time come what may come what may J will : love you until my die day . int . mdulin rouge . MAIN hall . day . the main hall . cover in scaffold , be light by a single work light . toulouse look down from painting he backdrop . satin , Christian and the argentinian gather around satie who create a ethereal melody by pluck the string of the pianc . the Duke and Zidler look on . as the argentinian and satin now sing ... christian ( sing ) listen to this word when we hear this song we will know what weve know ali along jaslousy and anger suddenly be gine Cause you iove I uncil the end of time and come what may . come what may I will love you until my die day CUT to : the Duke watch intensely . nini , lean across to the Duke , whisper . nini this end 's silly . why would the courtesan go for that pemiless writer ? close on : the Duke . he look sharply to nin . nini , @ vicious tistter . nini ( cont have ) whoops . I maan , sitar player . close on : the Duke follow nini 's gaze to Christian . super tiget : the Duke , nini 's word ring in he ear . ( continued ) 55 56 yn 4th pink amendment as . @ 1/6/2000 74 . costintrd = 56 nine v/o ( econt no ) penniless writer . his face darken . to dissolve to : s6a ext . christian' garret . day . . 56 a ' 7 . * ' Christian and satin now back on the balcany of Christian 's gerret , sing together . satin / christian ( sig ) come what may I will jove you umtil my die day wide shot : satin.and Christian kiss in front of the '' l’aamour '' sign . dissolve to : 37 int . moulin rouge . Zidler' office . day . 87 close on : the Duke . ne smile through the storm within . duke ( cont have ) : < I must be she single , she solitary , she only patron . her enly patron : do I make myself clear ? zidler as crystal , Duke . the Duke pause , smile delicately . duke it 's not that I be a jealous man . suddenly the Duke 's mouth contort into a hideous snarl as he crush he har . duke ( cont no ) stis juat that I do not like other psople teuching my thing : close on : Zidler shocked . he speak slowly . zidler I completely understand Duke . 58 int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall / stage . day . 58 close ow : the argentinian and satin kissing onstage . 4th pink amendment as 6276/2000 75 . sa cosrrmwoxp : ss the full cast reprise : Christian sit watch , smile . clos = on : the Duke watch intently . all ( stng ) os : come what may satin / argentinian ( sing ) I will love you all ( sing ) come what may satin / argentinian ( sing ) yes , I will love you all ( sing ) come whar may satin / argentinian ( sing ) I will jeve you until my die day a final cumaltuocus chord . suddenly a cold , hard voice cut through . duke Z doe not like this end . all eye turn to the Duke who now stand in the middle of the hall . Zidler be flabbergasted as the Duke contimue . duke {comt have ) why should :nt the courtesan choose the maharaja , he be offer a lifetime of security : that 's zeal love ! the Duke be now speak directly to satin . - duke ( cont would ) once the penniless sitar player have satisfied he lust , he will leave the courtesan with nothing . I suggest that in the end the courzesan choose the maharaja . . close on : Christian barely able restrain himsel : . lean down trom the stage , toulouse splutter : ( continued ) ) e 4th pink amandiment 's as 1/6/2000 76 . toulouse sorzy , that end doesn ‘c uphold the bchemian ideal of truth , beaut ... . the Duke 's anger eemlode . . duke I do not care about you ridiculous dogma ! why should not the courtesan choose the . maharaja ? Christian 's anger erupt . christian because she do not love you .. a moment of shocked silence . all eye turn to Christian as he hurriediy back track . christian ( cont would ) ---him , close on : the uke . a harden suspicion . duke oh i see . the Duke turn to Zidler icily . dure ( cant no ) monsieur Zidler , this end will be rewritten with the courtesan choose the maharaja and without the lover 's secret song . it will be rehearse in the morning ready for the open tomorrow night ! do I make myself clear ? Zidler zs horrify . zidler but ... suddenly satin 's voice cut through . satin harold , che poor Duke be be treat appallingly . satin fiash she most radiant smile at the Duke . satin ( cont would ) why do not you and I have a little supper and afterwards we can let monsieur Zidler know how we would prefer this story to close on : the Duke , the anger drain from he face . @eseene &th pink amendment as @1/6/2000 77 . cc . 59 int . moulin rouge . corridor . wight . . $ 8 satin be hurry toward the 'stair thar lead down to she dress room . ' Christian appear and drag she into the shadow . christian I do not want you to sleep with he . close on : satin , gently . satin he could destroy everything . it 's for the show ... for ua . Christian struggle to enswer . satin ( cont no ) you promise . you promise not to be jeaious .. there be a kezfuffle at the end of the hall . satin ( cont no ) iomuist go . the Duke 's wait . & satin .ix close to Christian . satin ( cont no ) ( sing ) come what may . clos= on : Christian . a leng moment , then , fight the pain . he meet satin ' 's gaze . christian come what may . Christian abruptly move off . close on : satin . she be strangely still . she fight the convulsion that build from within . gasp gor eizr , satin desperately struggle dow the steizrg toward the sanctuary of she dress room . as she reach the botrom of the stair she begin to cough and cammot stop . desperately fight to support heracifi , satin stagger , she leg will not hold she . Le chocolat and La Petite princess emerge from a tiny room below the stair and rin to satin as she collapse to the floor . ( comtisived ) eee bye 4th pink amendment as 61/6/2000 . 78 . 59 comremy : * 60 62 63 € ) 64 59 le chocolat Mademoiselle satin ! hold : on satin , unconscious on the flocr . * " tplease note : there be no scene ssa / 1 & ssa / 2*** int . moulin rouge . gothic tower . wight . 60 ' the gothic Tower be a huge gothic-style reom . the Duke sit alone et the end of a long table laid out for & magnificent supper . - very still , he wait . dissolve to : *** please note : scenz 61 have see deleted **°* int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . 62 : the cast , chorus and orchestra wait in the main hall to int . moulin rouge . Zidler' office . night 63 Zidler peer through he telescope . zidler 's Pov : the Duke wait aione in the gothic Tower . Zidler be agitate . zidler where be sha ! int . moulin rouge . STAR dressing room . night . " 64 close on : a hypodermic syringe enter a vein . ° pullback : a doctor be give satin a injection . Marie ané Le chocpla= look a . Marie enquire , hopefully . marie . do you think she will be up and about tonighc ? boctor tomorrow morning at the earliest . 2idler burst into che dress room . he can only see Le checolat and Marie , satin be iying behind the screen . bed . eye er de see os & '' 4th pink amendment - as.@ 1/6/2000 23. continued : 6 zidler . where the bloody hell be she ! Marie hush Zidier . he approach questioningly . once in the room Zidler can see satin and the Doctor behind the screen . zioler {cont would } oh my goodness ! drawing Marie aside Zidler whisper urgently . zidler ( cont would ) what 's wrong with she . : marie she 's sick harold . zidler I can see that , but the Duke 's wait : be it serious ? the Doctor emerge from behind the screen . Zidler , _ pointedly exclude Le chocolat , pull the Doctor aside . zidler ( cont no ) how long before she 's well ? the doctor look blankly at Zidler . zidler ( cant no ) when 's she go to be better ? the Doctor speak slowly . doctor monsieur Zidlexr , Mademoiselle satin be gying . close cn : Zidler . zidler what ? close on : Marie . she cross herself as she murmur . marie bless mother . - Zidiez be in shock , 2idler my little sparrow , die ? close on : Zidler whisper to himself . ( continued ) ©) '' ) 4th pink amendment as -@ , 1/6/2000 . bo. 64 comtinoed : ( 2 ) . 66 2idler ( cant have ) but the Duke ... @idler turn again to the detter . 2ioler ( cont would ) how long ... I mean ; how long have she ? a doctor hmbe eee eee a few month , maybe less . close on : Zidler as this sink in . zimler , conspiratorially to the Doctor . zidler : no one must know , she position here , you understand . doctor of course . Zidler turn to Marie , whisper : zodler . she mas not know Marie . the show must go on . Zigler turm back to the doctor . zidler ( cont ’d ) be there something you can do , to get she through tonight ? suddenly $ m burst in . su the Duke 's leave . slam : into Zidler 's face . it explode into tear . . : pull out : we be in the gothic Tower . 65 int . gothic tower . night . 65 zioler she 's confess ! the Duke rise as he anger explode . duke confess ? what kind of fool do you take I for Zidler ! zidler she suddenly have a terrible dasire to go to a priest and confess she sin . ( continued ) a pink amendment as 61/6/2000 bl . continued : 65 the Duke head for the door . duke find another backer for you tawdry little show ! Zidler grovel like a true professional . 2tdler she want to be cleanse of she former ae - life . she look upon tonight as she ... the Duke be out the door . Zidler ; a pathetically desperate plea . zidler ( cont would ) .- she wedding night ! close on : the Duke . he give nothing away , but this stop he . doke wedding night ? Zidler cautiously approach the Duke . idler she 's like a blush bride ... that a great man such as yourself want she only fer himself . Zidler lean close . zidler ( cont no ) the thing be dear chap , she say you make she feel like a ... like a ... like a virgin . . close on : the Duke . the image be appeal . . , duke virgin ? Zidlez slowly graw the Duke back into the room . : 2t3ler you know ; touch , for che very first time . the Duke be desperately try to stop he lip from quivering . . duke fer the firsc ... close on : Zidler . ( comtinged ) @) € ) 4th pink amendment as - 4 1/6/2000 82 . és continued . jed : ( 2 ) zidler she say it feel so gooé ... inside , when close on : the Duke . not repeat 's the word like a magic spell . duke like a virgin ? ° bidler lean close . zidler she 's make it through the wilderness somehow she make it through do a't know how lose she be she be beat , isicomplece as the chorus explode , waiter bear trays iaden with foo@ burst into the roam . they suggestively serve food as they sing : watter / zidler ( sing ) like a virgin touched for the very first time like @ virgin when you heart beat , both in time . Zidler dance into the middle of the building number . zidler ( sing ) gonnz give you all she love , her fear be fade fast seer save it all for you ' Cause only love can last . Zidler coyiy turn dow the sheet of the bed in the corner of the room . the waiter plump up the pillow . 2idler ( cont ‘d ) ( sing ) she 's so fine and she 's thine she all be yours rill che end of cime Cause you make she feel yes , you make she reel she have nothing to hide Zidler play the coy virgin as the waiter chase he around the roon . `s ( comtimued ) «) @ ) 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 a3 . 65 comtmman : ( 3 ) the Duke , intensity . close on : suddenly , be like a close on : `s waiter / zidler ( sing ) like e virgin . fouch for the very first time like a virgin ' when you heart beat , both in time . like a virgin , feel so good inside wher you hold she and you touch she wooah wooah finger the bed sheet , sing with quiet duke ( sing ) she 's so tine and she 's mine make I strong , yes she make I bold qh she love thaw out yes. she love thaw out what be scared and cold ! duke ( sing ) touched for the very first time . all ( stng ) like a virgin duke ( sing ) when vour heart beat , both in time . _all ( sing ) like a virgin , duke ( sing ) : a feel so good inside . duke / zidler ( sing ) when you hold she and you touch she wher you hold she and you touch she all ( sing ) like a virgin ; yeah ! the Duke , deep in he reverie of desire . satin glide into the room . stunningly pale , she beautiful biz delicate , otherworldly vision . satin . with quiet sincerity , she speak . ( continued ) 4th pink amendment as .@ 1/6/2000 84 . 65 continued : ( 4 ) 65 satin my dear Duke , I hope I have not keep you wait ? the Duke smile like a lustful puppy dog . doke not at ali my dear . leave we Zidier . zidier back quietly we . zidler take you time , I nil keep rehearsals chugge along downstairs . 65h int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . 6sa close on : Christian drink sullenly . the Doctor , the argentinian , satie and toulouse huddle around he in ea booth . suddenly nini throw herself into Christian ' 's lap . not : do not worry Shakespeare , you will get you endin ' : once the Duke get he end in ! Christian snap and push nini aside . she crash to the ground , scream : nini hey ! sone to the rescue , the argentinian pluck nini from the loar . close on : the argentinian . - : argentinian . never fall in love with a woman who sell herself , it always end bad . have " please note : scene 66 be wow deleted *** €7 int . moulin rouge . gothic tower . night . 67 close on : satir 's careless laughter . satin the boy have a ridiculous obsession with I . = indulge he fantasy because he 's talented . we need he , but only util epen night . ( comtinded} eee '' ) € ) bye wee wet ee €7 4th pink amendment as & 1/6/2000 . es. continged : _ 87 wee please note : scene 68 mas berm deleted *** int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . 69 the argentinian lead nini onto the floor . satie and the other musician play the haunt open bar of the tango . : argentinian . — * we have a dance in the brothel of Buenos aive that tell the story of the prostitute ... : with a flourish , the argentinian take nini into dance positicn . argentinian ( cont would ) and the man who fall in love with she . Mini and the argentinian glide into the tango . the dance be taut , dangerous and sensual . the argentinian cell above the music . argentinian ( cont no ) pirst there be desire . : close on : Christian watch the dance . the dance become strongez . argentinian ( cont would ) then passion . there be tension in the cance . Christian stare . argentinian ( cont would ) , ' then suspicion . the argentinian and nini dance with violent intensity . argentinian ( cont 'd} jealousy , anger . berrayal ...! the argentinian cast nini aside . argentinian ( cont would ) wnen love be for the high bidder , there be no trust ... without trust , there be no love ..- the argentinian savagely call . {compinued ) € ) '' ) éth pink amendment as -@ 1/6/2000 86 . '' 5 continued : 69 argentinian ( cent no ) jenlousy , yes jealousy , will drive you .. 69a int . moulin rouge . gothic tower . night . 69a close on : the Duke speak slowly and simply . do you swear there be nothing between you I eee - and the bey ? sacin meet he geze . satin a penniless writer ... how can you even imagine it ? satin gently kiss the Duke . 69b int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . . 658 argentinian --- mad ! with sudden , vicious violence , the argentinian mime stahbing nini . as Mini slip slowly to the floor , the argentinian sing : argentinian ( sing ) roxanne , you do not have to wear that gress tonight walk the street for money , you do not care if it 's wrong or if it 's right . as the argentinian sing , couple get up and yvepeat the jealousy tango . argentinian ( cont ' D} ( sing ) roxanne you dom not have to do you hair tonight roxanne , you do not have to sell you body to the | night . close on : Christian as not softiy sing . christian ( sing ) bis eve upon you face bis hand upon you hand his lip caress you skin it 's more than < can stand Christian walk through the dancer out coward the garden . ee ae ee eee ee nner ey se a be se te 4th pink amendment as -@ 1/6/2000 87 . 6sb continued : cc . christian ( cont ‘d ) ( sing ) why do my heart cry ? feeling I can not fight you nre free to lesve_ I but just do not deceive I and please believe I when I say I love you ... '' ** please mote : scenk 70 to 78 have be deleted * +< 79 int . moulin rouge . gothic tower . night . the Duke move around satin in a almost imperceprible tango . . ' dore once this production succeed you will no longer be a can can dancer but a actress . I can make you a star . the Duke snap open a exquisite velvet jewel case . close on : a extraordinary diamond neck -piece . duke ( contd ) os I all grant you every wish . i close on : satin . Light reflect from the jewel play across she face . : satin oh my goodness . duke accept it as a symbol of this maharaja 's ilove for he courtesan . the Duke try to fasten the piece around satin 's neck . drawing away , satin murmr . satin and the end ? close on : the Duke . a condescending smile . duke let Zidler keep he fairy tale end . the Duke begin once again to encase satin 's white neck with the jewel . 80 ext . moulin rouge . garden . night . b Christian now in the garden sing up to the gothic Tower . ( contimted ) 7s 80 &) '' ) 4th pink amendment as :@ 1/6/2000 8b . 80 comrryued : / Christian turn end walk towards the exit from the garden _ £ 0 the street . int . moulin rouge . gothic tower . niget .. 81 satin can see christim in the garden below . as the Duke slowly unbutton she dress , he mzzle she naked shoulder . close on : satin . the word lezp out . satin no ! close on : the Duke , stume . super tight : satin . almost in a whisper , she sing she inner monologue satin ( sing ) come what may . I will love you unril my close on : the Duke , he face clouding . duke no ? look down , the Duke see Christian crossing the garden duke ( cont no ) : iit 's we very own penniless sitar player satin no dear Duke ... doke silence ! the Duke speak with ice-celd norrer . duke ( cont no ) you make I believe you love I . well ... I may as well get what I come for . tne Duke rip off che necklace . as he advance toward the terrify satin , he whisper intensely . C ) . '' ) € ) 4th pink amendment as -@ 1/6/2000 a5 . a2 continuzd : . el . suke ( cont would ) ( sing ) face his lip caress you skin it 's more than I can stand . with sudden violence the Duke throw satin on the bed . the duke ( ome a ) ( sing ) eee ae _ why do my heart cry ? eee feeling I can not fight . wee scene s1aa - 82 have sekh deleted °+< 83 int. moulin rouge . mad krall . wight . 83 in the Main Hall the tango build . argentinian ( sing ) roxanne , you do not have to wear that dress tonight . roxanne , you do not have to do you hair tenight . the whole moulin rouge now savagely dance the dance of jealousy and betreyal . argentinian ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) roxanne , you do not have to wear that dress tonight . roxanne , you do not have to do you hair tonight . 63a int . christian 's garret . night . e3a Christian scream he pain to the night . christian ( sing ) ? why do my heart cry ? feeling I can not fight why do my heart cry ? feeling I can not fiagnr why ? Way ? 83ab int . moulin rouge . goteic tower . night . 83 ab fhe Duke tear at satin 's dress : she struggle feed the Duke merciless pleasure . «) '' ) 4th pink amendment as @ , 1/67/2000 90 . nini dance madly in a circle of man , she be stop suddenly by the stare of the argentinian . b3aad int . christian 's garret . night . _ Christian continue to sing he painful . cry . . christian ( sing ) why ? | §83ae int . gothic tower . night . pag eke violently throw sacin 's half - naked body the the s3af int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . the argentinian slashes the air with a invisible knife . 83as int . gothic tower . niget . satin shut she eye , brace against the duke. far the inevitable . . @3 aa int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . the phantom . knife slashes nini 's throat and she body tumble to the ground . '' ghe Duke , fall towerd satin . a deafen crescend . ecu : on satin . she eye shut tight . a final deafen orchestral stab . thud ! sileace . hold on : the close eve of satin . agter a momant they cautiously open to discover the Duke lie unconscious on the floor . satin raise she gaze . cower in the shadow be the quivering form of chocolat . 7 eee scene '' 5 - s6aa have be deleted +< ~ 83ac s3af 83a6 8308 ee not 4th pink amendment as @ 2/6/2000 $ 1. a '' . 56A int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . - gen track : slow , silent . the company and bohos wait . 56b int . moulin rouge . 2idler nos orrice . balcony . night . 56b the track : slow , silent . . ~ oc =o " gidler git in he chair : across the way the gothic Tower as stizi . 96c int / ext . christian 's garret . night . ( old 200a ) ~- 36c we move toward Christian 's garret through the windmill blade . it slow to show time have move on . as we Christian in the window , the door burst open . satin burst through , collapse into Christian 's axmm . I could not . could not go through with 's t...2 ef 't go wi it . when I see you there , I feel gifferent , I could not pretend and the oo he ..- he ... : w& : satin , unable to continue , begin to cry . she look up into Christian 's eye . . 's satin ( comt have ) I leve you , Christian . christian it 's okay . you de mot have to pretend anymore . we be leave here , tonight . satin +-- but ... the show ... christian I ‘do not care about the show or the Duke or the moulin rouge . we have each other , that 's ali rhat macter . satin yes , as long as I be with you . : christian . chocolat , take mademoiselle - satin to she gress room . help she get what she need . and come back quickly . no one mst see you , understand ? . ao : - le chocolat & I understand . ( comraaen ) * eaeee '' 2a nene ae '' ) @ ) séc 97 s7a 201 4th pink amendment as 41/6/2001 92 . continded : christian I will pack and be weit . int . moulin rouge . gothic tower . night . ecu : on the derange stare of the Duke . he speak with chill calm . ; . : duke '' '' t's the boy . he have bewitch she with word . the Duke be be treat by waiter . 2idler stand speechless . on the balcony Warner smoke . . Zidlex struggle to comprehend , kill ? CUT to : the Duke , nis cold eye neat Zidler 's question . cor to : Warner as he ease into the doorway of the xoon . cor to : the Duke , he stare move from Zidler and settles on Warner . : duke kill . cot to : Warner . he ngive a subtle acknowledgement of the instruction . : séc $ 7 int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . niget . ss7a * the entire company sleep as they continue to wait . '' '' @scene 98 - 1 ooa have be deleted * +< int . moulin rouge . STAR dressing room . night . i close on : satin 's hand flipping the top of hatboxes fill with trinket and junk . she snatch at small piece of jewellery . suddenly , 2idler be in the mirrer . satin 's Pov in the mirror : Zidler sit ir the corner . g2 ) '' ) éth pink amendment as @ 1/6/2009 $ 3. continved : 202 2ioler forgive the intrusion cherub ... satin be strong . i satin you 'xe waste you time harold . Zidier , desperate . zidler poppet you do not understand ... the Duke 's go to kill christian : close ow : satin . she stop . close om : Marie , watch . zidler ( cont have ) the Duke 's insane with jealousy . unless you do he end and sleep with he pomerzow night , he will have Christian ea . close on : satin fight dow penic . satin be can not scare we . ; 2 tdler he 's & powerful man , you know he can do +t . satin , a sudden strength , begin throw belonging into a bag . . zidler ( cont ’da ) den' : be silly , what be you do ? satin , turn ; anger blaze . satin I de not neec you anymore . all my life you make I believe that I be only worth what somecne would pay for I , but Christian love I , and love be worth more than diamond ; it 's worth everything . we be go away fram here , away from the Duke , away from you and many , $ rom the moulin rouge . Goodbye harold ! zidler desperately biock she path . > zidler . you be die satin . you nre die ... oconrrmtren 4th pink amendment as .@ 1/6/2000 94 . . contdnced : ( 2 ) 102 close on : satin . Fighting dem fear , she laugh . satin another trick harold ? 2t0ler no ny love . Marie be softly cry now . '' Zidler lock inte satin 's eye . 2idler ( cont no ) the Doctor tell we ... tenight . satin , panic risiag , look to Marie . satin Marie ...? marie we could not tell you ; we though ... close on : satin . she try to fight the choke thar rise from within . she be shaking . her leg can not hold she . Marie and Zidler be =here instantly . they gently lower she into a chair . Marie adminisrer liquid from a silver vial . close on : satin whisper . ' satin of course ; ... I be die . close on : satin . a leng moment , then , strangely calm , she sing almost to herself . . satin ( sing ) Zz be 2 fool to believe , a fool ro believe , it all end coday yes it all end today . 2idler , kneel beside satin , speak gently . zidler , : the Duke 's 2 dangerous man . send chzistian away ; only you can save he . satin shake she head , she be exy now . satin christien leve I : he will fight for mar . 2idler yes ; unless he be to believe you do not love hin . ( comtuwged ) em mee 4th pink amendment as 41/6/2000 : 35 . 101 continued : [ 3 ) bw - satin . a slow , dawn herrer . satin what ? a zidler you be a great actress satin . make Christian believe you do not love he . e : satin mpm wo ... zidler use you taient to save he . satin , cry , look away . Zidlex press on . 2idler ( cont no ) hurt he to save he . it 's the only way . zidler , strangely vulnerable , almost whisper . zidler ( cont ’d} the show mst go on satin ... for all of we . : satin / zidler ( sing ) today 's the day when dream end . '' Zidler leave . € ) 10 : orchestral boild : dissolve to : 102 tt. moulin rouge . sackstage corridor . night . 102 track : with Zidler walk through the backstage corridor , as he softly sing . zidler ( sing ) another hero , another mindless crime behind the curtain in the pantomime on and on do anybody know wnat we be diving for 102a int . moulin rouge . stage . niget . 102 m prom the backstage area Zidler enter the pack of the stage . seamstress quietiy sing as they sew the enormous red curtein shat be drape over the stage . '' ) ( continued ) shae '' ae 4th pink amendment ' as & 1/6/2000 96 . 103a comtinged : : 103 104 zidler / sbamstress ( sing ) whatever happen we leave it all the chance anothar heartache another fail zomance qn and on do anybody know what we be live for ? 162a zidier walk downstage as stagehand struggle to hoist the tagehand chorus : huge curtain . @idler and 's zidler / stagehand ( sing ) the show must go ou ! the show must go on ! outside the dawn - be break on the stage that hold we final destiny the show must go on ! the show mist go a ! int . moulin rouge . STAR dressing room . dawn . 203 - satin , now fully dress , stand in front of the mirror sumoning she strength . satin ( sing ) Inside my heart be my make - up may be flaking but ay anile still stay on air . moulin rouge . MAIN fall . dan , the curtain continue to rise as Zidler walk through the hundred of chair that have be install in the auditorium . . zidler / stagehand ( sing ) the show must go a ! the show must go on ! satin appear onstage . she sing to 2idler who now face she at the back of the auditorium . satin ( sing ) I ' il cop the bil ] I will earn che kill I have co find the will to carry a top shot : satin walk through the auditorium . Zidler and stagehand sing a full choral finale . zidler / stagerand ( sing ) : on with the , en with the , on with the show ! '' sweep back : through the main hall and into the ... sth pink amendment as~ @ 1/6/2000 37 . 106 continued : 10 '' _ so - oe 7 . { . *** please note : there be mo scene i105 and 106ee * 107 ext . moulin rouge . garden . dann . 107 crane up : over the garden as satin walk chrough . wide : the dawn light dramatically break over Christian 's . garret as a final xeverberate chorus of voice sing out . zioler /. . ( '' / 0 ) ( sing ) the show must go on ! the show must go on ! 108 int. christian 's S garret . day . 108 Christian have pack ready to leave . . _ christian satin , what 's wrong ? pull out : satin , calm and strong , be in tha doorway . satin o~ I '' stay with che duke. a , : close om : Christian , still . then suddenly he laugh . , christian that 's not funny satin . cin be cold as stone . satin . he 's insane with jealousy ; he 's offer Christian a rise panic . christian De not talk like this ... satin : I can never see you again ; that 's he ane condition . if you go to the moulin rouge , they 's 11 hurt you . I be sorry . ceristian : what be you talk ebout ? what abour 7 last night ? @ ) Z E {continded ) ©) 4th pink amendment as ' 1/6/2000 3b . 108 contented : Christian stare at satin in horror . her breathe became heavy . a weak smile . satin bead for the door . Christian grab she violently . christian what 's go on ? satin ! close on : satin hide she face . she be swear . . christian ( cont no ) there 's somathing wrong ... satin struggle to eoatrol she breathe . christian ( cont have ) you nre sick , teli I the tr:th ! close on : satin . gather the last of she strength , she turn with cold , dead eye . 's aatly she truth ... the truth be , I be the Hindi courtesen Christian , and I choose the maharaja . thac 's how this story end . satin be go . push in : om Christian 's distraught face . weenr : scene 108a0,108A , 108ab , 109-117 have be deleted *+~+ '' 118 dwt . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . night . ( act 1 set ) Zidler , costume as the evil maharaja , triumphantly intonas . . zidler / maearata jealousy have drive he mad . 106 118 '' " * he : scene 118a , 1 jisaa , 11848 ead be deletep ++ top shot : Christian scream up inte the rain christian savin ... sacin ... «) € ) 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 99 . 118ad int . mouldn rouge . dame . " 21gad ' the bohos and the pour where of the apocalypse sieap in the booth . 118ar ext . moulin rouge . daw . plashback . . 118ae the . a silnsuette of Christian be beat . Ho be fall the - wear = " the ground in slow moticn . 1 lbaf ext . moulin rouge . day . : ligaf the windmill blade cut the screen through che storm . '' mb : sceme 118c have be deleted +* 118a6 int . christian ‘s garret . nigrt . 12e as discover toulouse and the bohos attend the beat Christian . pr5 toulouse tend Christian who sit on the side of the toulouse thing be never as they sean . Christian push toulouse away . . christian thing be as they see . toulouse be scung . ' toulouse you see I as a drumken , vice - ride gnome , whose only friend be pimp and the giris of brothel , but I imow about art and love . if only because I long for it with every fibre of my be . = know she love yeu Christian , I know it . christian ( a harsh rejection ) leave I alone toulouse ... Christian scream at towlouse . csristian just leave ! a confuse and deceate toulouse retreat to the door . {comtinded ) 4th pink amendment as.@ 1/6/2000 . 200 . 12845 ) continved : 12845 hold on Christian as we hear in V /0 . ° christian 0 / 0 i want to shut gut what toulouse nad say . he have fill 'my with doubt and there as only one way to be sure . libagaext / int . pawnshop . dusk . flashback 118aga ' '' ~ " * " push through : Christian be hand over he typewriter . ** 9mb : scene 116ah , 118 ar kas be deleted«« + 118agb int . christian 's garret . night . ' 11 bagb ' Christian , a terrifying vision of madness , stare toward the moulin rouge . christian v/o zi have to know , so I return to the moulin rouge one last time . 118a3 ext . moulin rouge . night . 118aa7 Christian walk unsteadily wp the long boulevard that lead fpastrack : past Christian , gown the street towards the moulin rouge , through the main door across the flamelit garden . 118ak int . moulin rouge . onstage . night . ligak the camera , with ever increase intensity , hurtle the aisle of the Main Hall . satie lift he baton . i the , air . a eq@losion on stage reveal Zidler as the evil * maharaja . he intone : zidler /mazaraja she be mine ! and the curtain whoosh open to reveal the nightmarish spectacie of the full campany in they hindi-inspired techno-tragi-ballet garb . we find toulouse , dress as the Magic sitar scream . : toulouse ( sing ) Zo oniy speak the exurh ! *** NB : scene 118al have aeen deleted *+* - see «) € ) rs _ — — — — e —e ed 4th pink amendment as . @ 1/6/2000 102. 2188 dat . moulin rouge . stage . miget .( acr 1 sst ) - .gb be cur to : the satisfied face cf 2ilder / maharaja . pull focus : to the Duke in the frart row . the music build to a madden intensity . = " kiss , band , diamond , best friend ... and we a 1 ] lose cur charm in the and . abh , ahh , ahb , abhh , diamond be a .... the Hindi number build . the chorus chant with demonic aintensity . . dissolve to : chorus ( sing ) diamond area .... diamand area ...: the chorus reach its diabolically shatter climax . hold on : satin . the Hindi god clasp the diamond aromd she neck . . : chorus ( sing ) diamond area .... the necklace explode into a trillion spot of light . satin breathes a almost whisper of simple , pure heartbreak . satin ( sing ) Girls , : . best friend ... u18ba int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . ( act 1 set ) night . 118 ba , the dake stare coldly as flickeze diamond light speckles she face . €) @ ) 4th pink amendment as@ 1/6/2000 . 202 . 118ba 46 comtteed : . . . . . duke ( murmer ) . this story will end my way . the magnizicent red curtain '' fall , throw a shadow across he face . - 118eb dvt . moulin rouge . curtain down . onstage . night . 11885 _.. . dpplause can be hear ws the conpany hurry from the backstage area . a disoriencate satin stand , lose . toulouse watch from a distance . 1188c int . moulin rouge . backstage corridor . night . ilesc Christian emerge from the shadow and make toward the - stage . cur to : Warner glimpsing what appear to be Christian darting down a side corridor . he give chase . *° " mm : scene 118bd - 122a mave deleted * <e 121 '' dat . moulin rouge . backstage . bohemian 's dressing room . 121 nighy . Su ( V /0 ) five minute to the wedding scene . satie - we’ should not have agread to do the Duke 's end the Doctor stare inco a glass of absinthe . the doctor whet choice do we have withouc christian ? the argentinian shake he head with disgust . argentinian I tell che boy not the fall in love with a whore . close on : toulouse drink the green liquid . his stare be far away as he make up he sad clown - like face in the mirror . toulouse such a wonderful field of daffodil they have plant . ( be ) {corptinued | '' ) 4th pink amendment as 1/6/2000 103 . 12.00 comrnup : toulouse ( eéat ' a ) : be careful not to trample they , it 's so . nice to brush against then as you walk . 1228 =int . moulin rcuge . curtain down . omstage . night . { act 1 1228 220 ler everything 's 's go so well . cor to : sm at he desk . su Act three , final scene , the maharaja wed he bride . cue tantric can can . Light fload cate Su 's face as extras take to the stage . *e° rb : scene 123 - 124ra nave be deletedte 126ab int . moulin rouge . star dressing room . night . 124a8 - satin stare et she almost ghostly feature in the mirror , as Marie remove she headdress . sough fit grip satin . Marie quickly administer medication . . : marie here my love ... w0 rte ( V /0 ) +. - dt 's just wedding scene now ; be all help you through . '' ° " mb : scene 124a - 126 bav2 see deleted **+ 127 dit . moulin rouge . camera lept wing . ( act 2 spt into act 227 . set scene change ) . Christian slip into the shadow of a wing curtain nezs the '. stage . from Christian 's hide spot he can see warner . Christian back underneath the stage . wipe into black . t27aa int . moulin rouge . onstage . night . ( back of act 2 set ) 127aa wipe out of black . discover toulouse and the argentinian walk to the entrance point along the back of the sex . toulouse I imow she still love he , there 's get to be reason . @) @ ) 4th pink amendment . as @ 1/6/2000 104 . 127aa = continued : 127aa argentinian reason . how about one of they be a Duke and the other ... : the argentinian collapse in @ fit of unconsciousness , fall straight into the lotus flower crap . ; , 227ab int . moulin rouge . below stage . wight . 127 ab wooo ooore * ghristian halt as the argentinian crash into the lotus trep . i27ac int . moulin rouge . onstage . night . ( sack of act 2 set ) 127ac a vefuddle toulouse turn and address the empty space . toulouse you agree , something be not right ... 127ad int . moulin rouge . under stage . night . 127ad Christian have dress in the argentinian 's jacket . from beneath the scaffold , he join a similarly dress group ef chorus boy to sneak past Warner . 127ae int . moulin rouge . wooden truss . night . . 127ae toulouse swigging heavily from the bottle , gabbles he om mad , ginberish . : 127a int . moulin rouge . STAR dressing room . night . 127a close on : satin . Marie . satin look up into the mirror . she freeze . it be Christian . gather the last ounce of she 4 strength , satin turn . she be calm . '' Fighting for control , Christian speak . christian I have come to pay my bill . satin you zeally should not be here Christian . dust leave . satin push past he and into the corridor . Christian follow into corridor . ceristian you make I believe that you love I . why should not I pay you ? ( cowtirued ) 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 105 . 127a continued : 3270 . satin please go . marie + she 's gotta get on the stage ! 128 '' dut . moulin . camera lept wing . night . ( act 2 set ) 128 ro Warner have Zidler in he grip . . warner the boy 's here ... zioler I tell satin that if Christian come near she he would be kill . re very soon will he . CUT to : a glass -ey toulouse , perch on a lower weoden truss , above . . Warner storm off . worried , Zidler enter onto stage . CUT to : toulouse . . '' mre y . ..- kill ? 129 int . moulin roug . corridor to camera right wing . night . i129 Christian grab satin 's arm , seream at she as she hurry toward the stage . christian you have dene you job so very well . . 5 satia stumble on stair . 125aa int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . backstage . wight . i29 aa CUT do : Marie alert sm . cot tq : Christian and satin at the top of the stair . cbristian +..50 why shouldé not I pay you like everybody else ? sary ~ ' you do not have to do this . there 's no point - please Christian . . 4th pink amendment as : @ 1/6/2000 106 . . 129aa '' comtikued : : 22900 C . she back away from he to behind the backdrop . cot to : glassy -ey toulouse perch on the lower truss . toulouse ~ k4ll ...? toulouse 's Pov : satin and Christian round the corner . . 7 " gor 70 : the wooden truss lurching into the air with toulouse on it . sm.appear , attempt to pull Christian aumy . am what ' 's go on ? Christian push sm away . sm call for backup . , *** scene 128a , 12925 have Beer deleted *+* 129ac int . moulin rouge . onstage . night . . lasac the court have assemble for the wedding of satin and the o~ meharaja . : - oa open the door and bring forth my bride . 129c int . moulin rouge . fly tower . wooden truss . night . ( act 2 129 '' set ) . . toulouse , fight to kasp he balance , toulouse 's Pov : Warner slowly climb the stair . ecu Pov : warnex 's hand draw he mm . close on : toulouse . toulouse ( yell ) Christian ! caristian dee n 'o hear . 129ca int . moulin rouge . camera right . wing . night . 129ca | ( act 2 sed ) Christian move toward satin behind the backdrop . ' ( comer ) " ) @ ) 4th pink amendment as --@ 1/6/2000 '' 107 , 225ca continued : 129ca christian zt£ you do not love I , if it be not real then why can not I pay you ...? satin turn back to see Warner approach with the gun . christian {cont 's ) } -+- tell I you do not love I . . sm and stagehand struggle to reach Christian . warnex , gum outstretch be closer . puse in : on satin terrify . Christian scream like a man possess . christian tell I you do not love I ... Warner push he gm through the curtain . *** NB : scene 129c2 and iasce have be deleted *+= 1298 int . moulin rouge . camera right . wing . night . ( act 2 set ) 1298 push in : on a exasperate 2idler / maharaja scream at a stagehand . zidler /mabarata ssing forth my bride , open the door ! whip to : the stagehand about the pull the rope . posh toward : the open golden door . ecu : Warner take aim through the curtain . ' push intensely from behind : satin and Christian as Christian scream with every ounce of he be . christian ~ 1.0 @ll I you denus ... a dlind explosioa of white light , as Christian 's word ... . ceristian ( cont have ) ++ -@che throughout the moulin rouge . cor to : Warner . he recoil from the blind white light . CUT to : zidler , sword hold high , in shock . . ( comtinued ) '' ) . '' ) € ) 4th pink amendment as 4 1/6/2000 106 . 2298 0 continued : 1295 cout to :- the Doctor . cot to : satie , baton freeze mid-air , stare disbely from the pit . i : cud to : the Duke squinting , unsure of what he see . push in : on the blow out face of Christian and satin the bleach in burn white light . ~ ~ " '' geristian 's Pov : through the glare of intense , blind stage light . tne audience stare back . Christian , a iong moment as the reality of where he be settles . . he look down to the tear - fill eye of satin . christian ( cont would ) ( a simple realisation ) you do not love I ... you do not leve I and you never éid . Christian look ovt inte the auditorium meet the gaze of the Duke . a stab of anger return as he lift satin from the ground . dragging she down stage , he throw she to the flecr . Christian arnounce to the duka who be seat behind the stand maharaja . christian ( cont have ) this woman be yours . close on : Christian . gazing down at the crumle distraught form of satin , he throw the money he still clutches at she . eis word be a simple cold whisper . christian ( cont no ) i have pay my debt . I owe you noch and you be nothing to I . thank you for i faring I of my ridiculous obsession with * ave . Christian , turn he back on satin , walk down the step and into the auditorium . 129ba int . moulin rouge . fly tower . night . ( act 2 set ) 129m toulouse 's muffle yell can be hear , as he blindly struggle to get down from the wooden fly tower . toulouse ( mupfled ) kill ... of course ; she be try to save you . ee eee @th pink amendment as & 1/6/2000 109 . . i2sd int . moulin rouge . stage . night . ( act 2 set ) . isd zidiler , recover from he initial confusian , try to hold the show together . he address the sobbing satin whe watch as Christian stride toward the back of the auditoriun . he zibler : zi be net fool ! though he have shave he tt ns mere I '' peard and adopt disguise mine eye do not lie . it be the penniless sitar player . drive mad by jealousy , he flee ecu : Zidler almes= completely out of character . zidler ( con= have ) it be for the best . ( not whisper to sarin ) the show mst go on , poppet . Zidier ever so gently ease satin with to har foot . track with : the distraught Christian through the auditorium . zidler ( cont no ) '' and now , my bride , the time have come for . you to raise up you voice and spesk , in the presence of we god , you wedding vow . close on : a distraught setin . . over she shoulder we can see Christian leave . close on : satin . zidler ( cont have ) : speak , in the presence of we god . you wedding vow . *** NB : scene 129dd have be deleted *** 129 % int . moulin rouge . fly tower . night . 125e CUT to : tovlouse as he < all a the overhead truss . toulouse Christian , it 's not what you think ... 's ee pe un soe 4th pink amendment as 1/6/2000 '' 110. ~~ will . 229f d8t. moulin rouge . MAIN hall . stage . night . _ 1295 Zidler neds toward the confuse satie . but before satie take the downbeat , satin turn toward Christian and she frail voice sing out through the hush . satin ( sing ) . never know I could feel like this ' it 's like I have never sean the sky before cot ta : Zidler , confuse . 12spa int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . auditorium . night . 129fa close on : Christian . he keap walk , fight not to let the song affect hin . 12sfb int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . stage . night . . 129fb satin ( sing ) ( cont ’d ) want to vanish inte you kiss every day , I be loving you more and more 129 PC int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . auditoridm . night . 129fc Christian have almest reach the door at the back of the auditorium . € ) satdi ( sing ) ( cont ’d ) listen to my heart , can you hear it ' 2 sing ? come back to I and forgive everything . close on : the Duke , horrify . 12sfd int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . stage . niget . 129fd satin ( sing ) ( cont ’d ) season may change , winter to spring 2 love you to the end of time . . 1297e int . moulin rouge . MAIN hall . auditorium . night . l2 sre close on : Christian . he stop . satin 's word hang in the air . Christian slowly cern toward satin . cor to : a now disturb Duke . with ) sven seese den . wy ) ennuL soholl veese , 4th pink amendment as ~@ 1/6/2000 11 . 22sfe 4 6contimued : : & long , long moment . . suddenly Christian joyously sing . oo Christian move toward the stage . Christian and satin sing together . I eee ee ee : charistian / satin ( sing ) may Z will love you until my die ... 129ff dwt . moulin rouge wing . night . ( act 2 set ) '' — ss.-129ff Warner raise he gun slowly , attempt to get a clear shot . warner 's gun Pov : of satin and Christian , through the ' chorus . : '' ) 125fg int . moulin rouge . adudiyorium . night . . 129°g from the auditorium , the Duke frantically signal to Warner 's the shoot . '' ** ne : scene 1296 , 1298 , 1292,130-136 eave be deleted *++ 137 int . moulin rouge . stage . wiget . 137 warner' Pov : of Christian and satin together through he go sight . suddenly he have a clear shot of Christian . macro shot : Warner 's finger squeezing the trigger . suddenly : toulouse fall fran he wooden truss , knock the gun from Warner 's hand . '' ) ( comrirued ) 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 112 . continued : 137 237 toulouse noocoocasscoccss ......... CUT to : Warner collapse to ' the floor . _ toulouse roll onto the stage , rumming toward Christian . toulouse {cont ' d ) they nre try the kill you ! she turn against you to save you ... Zidler , in desperation , call out . . idler silence magical sitar ! : I be the Magic sitar and I can only speak the truth ! . idler , desperate to keep thing under control , yell to he guard . , zidler qhuard . seize they ! cor 0 : satie , a heavy , fuzzy chord from the ectromagnetica as the Doctor throw a anarchist 's bosb at the approach tropps . . '' ) dector ' vive la vie de revolution boheme ! there be anerchy in the street of the Kingdom . Christian easiee the revolutionary , passionately address the '' people . : christian people of the Kingdom , rise up and : 's overthrow the evil maharaja . this story on will aave a happy end . CUT to : Warner leaping toward he gum onstage . CuT to : La Petite princess , see the gun , scream and run . suddenly : the unconscious argentinian bang through the golden decor , slamm Warner straight in the face . track with the gun downstage where it halt on the rep. 's stair , down centre . everybody freeze . argentinian os . alright , no problem , go beck to you work ! ( continued ) mee — — — i 4th pink amendment as.g 1/6/2000 113. 137 continued : ( 2 ) o~ aint seine memn immediately the uprising continue . toulouse sing hy . defiantly as the guard approach . toulouse ( sing ) no matter what you say , argentinian { sing ) this show be end we way - 2idler ( sing ) " - the show must go on satie leap up fram the pit as he sing . satie ( sing ) there all be no compromise the doctor ( sing ) no more live out lie zidler ( sing ) the show must go a christian ( sing ) we will stand and we will fight christian / satin ( sing ) rm : for we open night & '' gzplar ( smng ) the show mst go on the bohemian fight the guard off with revelutionary bohenian choreography . boros / christian ( sing ) come on and stand you ground for preedam , beauty , Truth and Love satin ( sing ) qne Gay I will fly away toulouse ( sing ) how wonderéul , chord ( sing ) no you wor‘t fool rhe child of the Revolution toulouse ( sing ) how wonderful life be , 3 bohos / chorus ( sing ) no you will not fool the child of the Revolution . 7 bp ween on ath pink amendment as & 1/6/2000 . aa. i37 continued : { 3 ) on . satin ( sing ) he one day ii ] fly away four whore ( sing ) spectacular , spectatular no word in the vernacular bohos / chorn ( sing ) wo you will not fool the child of the * revelutian . toulouse ( stng ) now you ‘re. in the world four whore ( sing ) spectacular , io word in the vernacular bonos / chorus ( suuc ) wo you will not fool the child of the revolutian . the thunderous chord of the come what May finale , the gownstage Palace disappear end the sky cloth fly oat to feveal the full company on the act 1 set in a finale pageant . . on . chorus ( sing ) bw . . come what may 137a int . moulin rouge . stage . wight . ( act 3 set ) . . i37a christian / satin ( sing ) zi will love you chord and bohos ( sing ) come what may _ christian / satin ( sing ) yes , I will love you zidler he 's the real evil maharaja . I be just a poor showman falien en hard time . he force I to do it for the money . please forgive poor , penniless , lonly I ... 2138 int . moulin rouge . camera right . wing . nigrt . ( act 1 set ) 138 the Duke , in a insane fury of jealousy , run maniacally down the isle toward the gun . . . chorus - and bohos ( sing ) on come what may 4th pink amendment as.@ 1/6/2000 - we . 139 int . moulin rouge . stage . wight . ( act 1 set ) : 139 all eye turn to the Duke as , gm out - stretch , he sun with onstage scream : _ duke it 's go tp end my wey , my way ! christian / satin ( sing ) mote ee ee * pei ' you . the entire company join . everyone ( sing ) till my die : ' close on : Christian in the gim 's sight . duke ( cont have ) rey with wey ! close on : the Duke squeezing the trigger . . suddenly : a fist from nowhere meet the Duke 's face . ~~ the gun sail through the air . — it be catch mid air by a fly La fetite princess and she join the other god in disappove of this object of close om : ' the shocked face of the Duke . cur to : the owner of the fist . it be Zidier . casst ( sing ) ~-. Gay . ‘inal , powerfu : , soar note near its conclusian . and Christian kiss and the magnificent xed curtain ont of the Duke . . tz on the Duke . a moment of stunne absolute silence and fe ) sivewscewe , ) ee eww beam to to dent dy. lane bohool éth pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 , 116 , ™~ by . 139a int . moulin rouge . stage . behind curtain . night . Christian curn to satin and say : sm be about to pull the curtian for curtain call vhen ; sorely : satin stop . she be still , pale . Christian be the ° have aoe - satin' - leg give way . Christian lurch forward catch the msic break off . , christian satin ? . disturb cast member tum toward satin . 1398 drt . moulin rouge . auditorium . night . the audience continue to appleud . close on : satin , she be struggle to breathe . Christian , hold she , be start to penic . satin begin to cough . the convulsion shake she very soul . Christian , urgently . satin ? there be blood on Christian 's shirt . satin despezataly struggle for breath . satin I '' sorry Christian . > ) christian ( cont would ) the cast look on with horror as Christian lower satin to the ground . whaat be it ? close on : satin . her breathe momentarily caln . satin some thing even love can not change . Christian fight a slow , terrible realisation . christian o_o oe wo , no , you will be alright , I know you will , you be go to be alright . 135 % 1395 ( continued ) ha at henner om ce ee eee se eye ue slee 4th pink amendment as @ 1/6/2000 . 117 . 1393 ) conttued : satin through very faint breath . satin i'm so cold , hold >me . satin surrender to the warmth of Christian 's arm . satin ( cant no ) . yes , I feel better now ... +s ees '' Christian stroke satin 's head . her breathe slow . satin ( cont no ) my darling Christian , I always love you ... and I lieve you . : satin you have get to go on , Christian ... -~ Christian start to cry . christian mo...no I can not , I can not ... satin look up at Christian with wide , clear eye . satin . you have to ... you have get to live . € ) / crristian wo ... not without you ... satin - tell we story Christian , that way Z will always be with you . promise I , promise '' I you will tell we story . 4 christian Ho , no ... Christian 's eye slowly meet satin' . sazik that way love will triumph . it 's like harold always say ... a tiny smile warm satin 's face as she remember . satin ( cont have ) --- the show mist go on ... for ' satin 's eye grow heavy , she attention drift away from ww Christian as she whisper ; . {comrrimuzd ) €) @ ) ath pink amendment as .@ 1/6/2000 lle. 1398 conttmued : ( 2 ) ee es & final breath . satin ( cont would ) --- go on ... satin 's eye be peaceful . . all be quiet , all be calm . then , the sound of painful . stifle cry . it be Christian call through tear . cot % : Zidler . - cot to : satie . 140 cot to : the Doctor . cot to : the argentinian . cur to : the Duke . all watch in hopeless silence . sm leave . Christian , refuse to accept . what must be , repeet over and over . : christian ( cont no ) no , no , no , satin , no . as the camera pull up and away from the image of Christian | hold satin 's lifeless form , we see , catch in the edge of the light , the full cast of this drama ; strange , and in this moment , heautiful creature of this carnival underworld . we become aware of a distant din . it be the muffied applause of the audience . : we pass the ' under2it face of stage hand high up in the fly tower . Higher still and out into the ... ext . moulin rouge . night . 140 beneath the ever-turn red sail of the moulin rouge we discover toulouse sit stare up at the in che cold , winter night . bene wee 140 - be be not sad or comic , just alone in he ow thought . as ~ . we look cut over the moulin rouge , over . over ww Paris , the first of the-winter snow beging to fall . a long , long moment . then the sight sky slowly turn to the fresh blue of a beautiful , spring day . crane down : discover Christian 's garret . '' move slowly : ' tarough the garret window . we can make out the ... silbouatte of Christian , type . , 141 int . christian' garret . nay . 142 . pass over : neatly type page now stack high . '' a camera turn : to discover Christian 's face . it be now not Los frbt of the fresh - tace boy , but that of a man have know ife . . '' christian ( V /0 ) day , week , month ; and then one , not so vety special day ... camera turn : toward the typewriter catch this word be type . . christian ( '' / 0 ) ( cont have ) I walk to ay desk , sit dom at sy typewriter and write the word ... pushing closer : to the word on the page : christian ( V / 0 ) ( cant ’d} the woman 2 love be dead , she be the : star of ... . extreme close up : the word . . , chrestian ( V /0 ) ( cont have ) «.- the moulin rouge . the sound of the typewriter 's carriage be sly across . macro pan : across the word . ' christian ( V /0 ) ( cont < d ) I have start to tell we story ; the screen be fill with the word . christian ( V / o} ( cont no ) I have start ... co live ... " ) cin bye = € ) ennee sete 4th pink amendment as & 1/6/2000 42 cosrmrugp : . the type stop . then the word '' the end " be type .