" mr . blanding build he dream house " written by melvin Frank and norman Panama base on a novel by Eric hodgin shoot draft the island of manhattan - stock fade in : a very high airplane view of the entire island . over this , a Voice , authoritative , impressive . voice in any discussion of contemporary America and how its people live , we must inevitably start with -- Manhattan -- New York City , U.S.A ! new york CITY skyline - stock voice Manhattan -- glisten , modern giant of concrete and steel reach to the heaven and hold in its arm seven million ! new york CITY - another view - stock voice Seven million -- happy beneficiary of the advantage and comfort this gracious metropolis have to offer ... dissolve voice ( over dissolve ) its fine broad street and boulevard facilitate the New Yorker 's carefree , orderly existence . broadway and forty - second STREET - stock a enormous traffic jam , horn honk , etc . dissolve voice ( over dissolve ) kindly , courteous public servant ever on hand to offer a word of friendly advice . traffic cop and cab driver yell at each other . dissolve voice ( over dissolve ) a transportation system second to none in speed and comfort ! a subway during rush hour - stock dissolve voice ( over dissolve ) modern recreational facility for its child ! a crowded lower east side STREET - stock kid play ball in truck - laden street . dissolve voice ( over dissolve ) for its adult , the peace and privacy of a day in the sun ! coney island on its most crowded day - stock dissolve voice ( over dissolve ) it 's delightful change in climate ! a blinding , windswept new york blizzard - stock dissolve voice ( over dissolve ) its great institution of learn ! open to all . free of charge . build excavation - day lean on a railing look down into the excavation be a group of sidewalk supervisor . the camera move up to a head closeup of one of they . it be Bill Cole ( melvyn Douglas ) , a well - dress , intelligent , attractive look young man . bill I suppose you be wonder what all this have to do with Mr. blanding and he dream House ? well , I will tell you . Jim blanding be part of the fabric of this town . bear and raise right here , he 's as typical a New Yorker as anyone you will ever meet . at least he be . ( confidentially ) and if you want to know the real story , I guess I be you boy . Cole 's my name , Bill Cole . I be Jim 's lawyer and quote , best friend , unquote . Jim 's one of that bright young man from Yale . advertise business , lovely wife , two fine kid , make almost fifteen thousand a year . want to know why ? just look up there . a billboard a billboard -- against a white background be a large ham . in large letter across the ham be print : wham ! ( a whale of a ham ) and below this in quote : " when you've got the whim , say ' wham ! ' " bill voice " when you have get the whim , say ' wham ! ' " ... Jim blanding write that slogan . Seven magic word that shine like a beacon light for the american housewife ! ( impressive ; almost reverently ) " when you have get the whim , say ' wham ! ' " Jim blanding ' contribution to the american scene . ext . a large new york apartment build - day as camera move up it and toward a window : bill voice for fourteen year Jim and muriel have be live in they apartment over on East seventy -fourth Street . it be just another of that wonderful crisp September morning and the blanding be still asleep . just like million of other people in good old Manhattan -- New York City -- U.S.A . the camera goe through the window and into : int . the blanding ' bedroom - day Jim ( cary grant ) and muriel ( myrna loy ) blanding be asleep in twin bed . the room , not large to begin with , give we the impression of be cluttere up and overcrowded because the bed , oversize chest of drawer , dress table and chaise lounge take up a inordinate amount of space . SOUND of a alarm clock go off . Jim awaken , yawn himself into hazy consciousness , grope about on the night table for the clock ; it be not there . he slip out of bed , and rub he eye , blindly move toward the dresser . the circuitous path , which he accomplish with sleepy dexterity , entail go around the chaise lounge , just miss the ominously point edge of muriel 's dress table , deftly step over the low dress table chair and finally reach the chest of drawer upon which be the clock . he turn off the alarm and yawningly start back over the same path . we get the feel that Jim make this sleepy excursion every waking morning of he life . back at he bed , Jim sit down , and , yawn loudly , grope with he foot for he slipper . before he can find they , however , he begin to doze off and slowly tilt back toward the pillow , pull the cover over he . in a moment he be sound asleep . muriel 's arm automatically stretch out and shake Jim into consciousness . as he painfully reawaken and start to rise , muriel 's arm disappear . we get the impression that this , too , be a regular part of the blanding ' daily routine . Jim locate he slipper , reach around for he bathrobe , can not find it , stumble he way over to the closet , open the door . int . the closet this be a fairly good -size closet but it be never intend to be share by two people , particularly not Jim and muriel blanding . assume that they have start out on even term , it be now obviously muriel , three - to-one . her dress , gowns , slip , seem to obscure he occasional pair of slack , suit or sport coat . her shoe neatly line the floor and the shelf above be load to the ceiling with she hat box , in a orderly but somewhat precarious state of balance . groping blindly for a robe , Jim feel around and pull one out . as he slip into the arm , we see it 's much too small for he , obviously muriel 's . in disgust he attempt to put it back . unable to find a hook he finally jam it in between two silk dress which fall to the floor . as he bend down and grope for the dress , he discover he robe crumpled under they on the floor . he drag the robe out and don it , leave the dress where they fall . with a guilty look at muriel he close the closet door and start out of the bedroom and into the narrow hall . int . the hall a narrow corridor extend the length of the apartment . off it be door lead to the bathroom , the child ' room and the foyer . Jim shuffles down the hall . he stop at the close bathroom door , listen , hear the shower , knock . betsy voice okay , dad . jim mm. Jim continue down the hall , stop at the close door of the child 's room , knock . no sound . he open the door and enter . int . children' bedroom a small room , crowded and cluttere up with the accoutrement of adolescence . Joan , a eleven - year- old be asleep in one of the twin bed . Jim automatically pull the cover clear off Joan 's bed . she awaken , cock a eye at he . joan okay , dad . jim mm. as she sleepily stretch and prepare to rise , Jim exit into the hall . int . the hall camera follows Jim through the foyer into the live room , on through the very small combination dining and breakfast nook and into the compact but tiny kitchen . gussie , the color cook , greet he heartily . gussie ' Morning , Mr. blanding ! jim ( a feeble attempt at a smile ) mm. gussie take a glass of hot water , squeeze in a little lemon , stir and hand it to Jim who gulp it down , make a slight face and pat he stomach . gussie hand Jim a cup of black coffee and he start back toward the bedroom . int . the hall gingerly balance the cup and saucer , Jim approach the door to the child 's room . with split-second timing , he pause as the door fly open and Joan , in she bathrobe , towel in hand , rush out and past he down the hall . she disappear into the bathroom . Jim carefully proceed down the hall and , as he reach the bathroom , deftly step to the leave as the door burst open and betsy fly by on the way back to she bedroom . all this be do with a timing and shifting of hip of which knute rockne might have be proud . Jim continue down the hall , enter the bedroom . int . the blanding ' bedroom muriel be still asleep as Jim enter , walk over , nudge she . jim muriel . muriel mm ? jim coffee . muriel awaken , sniff the fresh coffee , smile , sit up , take the cup . muriel thank you , dear . they kiss briefly . muriel start to sip the coffee as Jim go to he chest of drawer . it consist of several row of small drawer above and large drawer below . Jim ruffle through a couple of small drawer , pull out a suit of underwear , continue noisily and with some annoyance to look through the other drawer . muriel look for something , dear ? jim ( briefly ) my sock . muriel why do not you look in you sock drawer ? jim ( with restraint ) that 's where I find my underwear . muriel oh. ( brightly ) well , try you underwear drawer . jim I be in my underwear drawer . he reach in and hold up one of muriel 's silk slip . muriel ( sip coffee ) well , they must be somewhere . ( attempt at morning cheeriness ) sock just do not get up and walk away by themselves . jim ( strain patience ) muriel , I think the top two - and - a - half drawer be to be mine ! I wish you would tell gussie -- muriel the closet ! that 's where they be . we put they in the closet . jim sock ? in the closet ? muriel well , there do not seem to be any room in the drawer ... jim and there 's so much of it in the closet ! muriel ... so gussie and I decide that from now on we will keep they in a basket on the shelf . jim well , thanks a lot ! he stride angrily to the closet , open the door , reach up for the basket and pull it off the shelf . as he do so , all the hat box come tumble down knock the basket from he hand , the sock spilling on the floor . about to explode , he look at muriel . muriel Jim , I do wish you would make a effort to be a little less clumsy . jim ( barely contain himself ) I will try , dear . Jim look at she barely contain himself , and then put the hat back in the box , jam they back on the shelf where they toter precariously . with bate breath he gingerly close the closet door . pause . silence . he pick up a pair of sock and walk cautiously toward the hall door . suddenly there be a rumble and crash from inside the closet . Jim exchange a look with muriel , be about to say something , change he mind , exit into the hall . muriel look at the closet , sigh , take another sip of coffee . int . the hall Jim open the door of the bathroom . there be a scream . he quickly close the door , scowling with annoyance . a moment later the door open and Joan emerge , wrapping she robe around she . joan ( sharply ) Father , just one morning I wish you would knock ! jim ( to she back as she walk away ) ' Morning , dear . Joan disappear into she room as Jim enter the bathroom . int . the bathroom very small with a stall shower . Jim take off he bathrobe , yawn , get on the scale , look at the dial , shake he head . he take a deep breath , draw in he stomach , look down , scowl , shrug , get off , move to the mirror . he examine the thinness of he hair , the condition of he tongue , etc . take he toothbrush he look down at the tube he be about to use , frown . what he sees - the toothpaste tube what he sees - the toothpaste tube . it have be squeeze in the middle , one of blanding ' pet peeve . close shot - jim meticulously smoothes out the tube close shot - Jim meticulously smoothes out the tube , roll up the use portion from the bottom . then place a small amount on he brush , he cap the tube , and start vigorously to brush he tooth . as he do so , he attempt with he free hand , to put the tube back in the medicine cabinet which he open . close shot - the medicine cabinet close shot - the medicine cabinet , load to the hilt with medical accumulation of fourteen year of family life . close shot - jim close shot - Jim . as he push the tube into the bulg top shelf , a bottle of iodine fall out . Jim make a desperate one - hand catch , still brush he tooth . as he push the iodine into the second shelf , a small bottle of pill pop out . Jim catch it , push it back into the cabinet . a bottle of cough medicine fall out . he catch it , try to put it back , find it will not fit . he look at the bottle , sniff it , contemplate its value , throw it in the wastebasket . he finish wash he mouth , admire he tooth , disrobe and step into the shower , put on he shower cap . he react , scowl , take off the cap and turn it upside down , a full cup of water fall out . he reach out for a towel , dry the inside of the cap , carefully put it back on he now wet hair . then he turn the water on and at the first warm spray Jim blanding ' life take a sharp turn for the better . he start to sing , a robust bathroom baritone version of " Home on the Range . " dissolve jim Jim - he stand in front of the washstand lather he face . over scene we hear muriel 's voice from the shower . she be sing a lusty chorus of " Home on the Range . " Jim pick up he razor and turn to the mirror . he react with annoyance , as he discover it be cover with steam . with weary resignation he take a towel and start to rub off the mirror . as he clear one section another cloud up . by the time he get it all reasonably clear he find that he lather need freshen . he grimly relather he face only to find that the mirror be again cloud up . as he turn with exasperation toward the shower we see muriel turn off the water , reach for a towel , start to dry herself . the mirror clear off , Jim relather , start to shave . during this , muriel , have dry herself and don she robe , come into scene . muriel ( reach for toothbrush ) Excuse ... she take she toothbrush and then open the cabinet to get the paste . Jim , automatically follow the mirror , have to squeeze around in a desperately contort position as he continue shave . close shot - muriel close shot - muriel . she take the tube from the cabinet and , squeezing the tube in the middle , apply the paste to she brush . jim and muriel Jim and muriel - place the tube on the washstand , muriel close the cabinet . Jim , still shave , move back to he original position as he follow the mirror . jim Excuse ... muriel nod , step back , start to brush she tooth . they both hum " Home on the Range " . her mouth full , muriel tap Jim on the shoulder . without stop he shave , Jim move to one side as muriel rinse she mouth . she examine she face in the mirror . jim ( impatiently ) if you do not mind , dear . as he step back in front of the mirror , muriel continue to look at she face in the glass , over he shoulder . she decide she need a little skin lotion . muriel ( as she step in front of he ) sorry . she again open the cabinet . Jim once more follow the mirror around , nick he face , give up , stand glaring arm fold . muriel take the lotion from the cabinet . muriel moment , dear . jim take you time . I can spare the blood . muriel ( look up ) oh ... cut yourself ? jim I cut myself every morning . I kind of look forward to it . muriel why do not you get a electric razor ? jim ( try to shave ) do not like they . no close shave . muriel ridiculous ! Bill Cole 's be use one for year . jim he do not have my beard ! muriel that 's silly . Bill 's beard be just as tough and coarse and -- jim ( irritably ) I be not interested in discuss the grain and texture of Bill Cole 's hair follicle before I have have my orange juice . muriel you do not have to carry on so . I only say , why do not you get a electric razor ? jim because I prefer the cool , clean sweep of the tempere steel as it glide smoothly -- muriel stop write advertising copy ! hurry up , dear , you will be late for breakfast . muriel exit . Jim sigh , turn back to the mirror and with a few deat stroke finish shave . as he reach for the water faucet , he encounter the tube of toothpaste , squeeze in the middle . reacting with annoyance , he meticulously smoothes it out and roll it up from the bottom . he open the cabinet and gingerly place the tube on the top shelf . the iodine bottle pop out . he grimly catch it , study he problem , have a solution . with he right hand he start slowly to close the mirror door . just before it close , he slip the bottle into the cabinet with he leave hand , quickly slamm the mirror door , trapping the bottle . he react masterfully at he triumph , pick up he robe and start for the door . as he reach it , there be the SOUND of the cabinet open and a crash as the bottle obviously hit the washstand . as Jim wince , dissolve int . the blanding ' breakfast NOOK - day narrow and small . the four blanding be at breakfast , Jim and muriel each read he section of the morning paper , betsy pasting a clipping in she notebook , Joan engross in a magazine of popular science . as we come in , gussie , take off the orange juice , be squeezing by Jim who accordingly and automatically duck he head as she pass . Jim uncomfortably turn the newspaper to another page , fold it , react with pain but control exasperation . jim ... who do this ? insert newspaper , a section of which have be cut out . back to scene . betsy ( very matter - of - factly ) I do . she hold out she hand to Joan , who , automatically , and without look up hand she the salt . jim I have repeatedly tell you -- ( ducking as gussie come back with coffee ) -- do not cut up the morning paper until I have have a chance to look at it ! betsy I be sorry , father . it 's necessary research . she hand the salt back to Joan who automatically pass it to muriel . jim ( with some sarcasm ) I suppose this be another of miss stellwagon 's so-called Progressive project ? muriel ( use salt and hand it to Jim ) now dear , there just be not any point in send you child to a expensive school if you be go to undermine the teacher 's authority in you own dining room . jim I be not undermine anything . I happen to be in the advertising business and keep abreast of the time be important to I . muriel and so be you child 's education . jim that 's not the point . muriel it certainly be . jim it certainly be not ! joan ( without look up from she magazine ) bicker , bicker , bicker . jim you eat you cornflake ! Jim duck as gussie pass back on she way to the kitchen . muriel ( hand Joan toast ) Joan , every time you father and I have a lively discussion we be not necessarily bicker . ( to betsy ; solicitously ) what be it , dear , another English composition ? betsy ( take toast from Joan ) miss stellwagon have assign each of we to take a want ad and write a human interest theme about it . ( to Jim ; pass toast to he ) I find one typical of the disintegration of we present society . jim ( take toast , not look up from he paper ) I be not aware of the fact that we society be disintegrate . betsy I do not expect you to be , father . miss stellwagon say that middle - class people like we be all too prone to overlook the pressure and tension which befall the less fortunate member of we community . Jim put down the paper , turn to muriel . jim ( with great restraint ) muriel , I know it 's ask a lot , but just one morning I would like to sit down and have breakfast without social significance ! pick up he paper . muriel Jim , you really might take a little more interest in you child 's education . joan ( without look up ) you can not squeeze blood from a turnip . Jim react with painful resignation , fold he arm , put down the paper , turn slowly to betsy . jim all right . all right . I will listen . betsy ( pick up she scrapbook ) it 's just twenty - four word . but in simple eloquence it mirror a minor tragedy of we time . jim ( quietly ) well ?... betsy ( read ) " forced to sell . farm dwelling , oak grove , apple orchard , trout stream , hay field , four barn , seclusion , superb view , original beam , paved highway , acreage ... ( with emotion ) will sacrifice ... " pause . jim go on . betsy ( simply ) that 's all . jim that 's all ?! betsy you do not see it , do you , father ? jim no. fellow want to sell a house so he put a ad in the paper . what do you expect he to do , take it to the United Nations ! muriel there must be more to it than that . ( to betsy ) be not there , dear ? betsy certainly , mother . what some people do not see be the whole sordid picture . a poor , honest farmer , push to the wall by hardship , soil erosion , mortgage , everybody gobble , gobble , gobble , until finally , in desperation , he be " force to sell , " and stoops to the crass commercialism of newspaper advertising . jim ( mutter ) oh , indeed ... crass commercialism ... advertising ... joan ( nose in she magazine ) miss stellwagon say advertising be a basically parasitic profession . jim ( with extreme control ) oh , she do ? joan miss stellwagon say that advertising make people who can not afford it buy thing they do not want with money they have not get . jim ( elaborate sarcasm ) perhaps you miss stellwagon be right . perhaps I ought to get out of this " basically parasitic profession , " which at the moment be pay for she very fancy tuition , that extra french lesson , she progressive summer camp and for that matter , the very brace on you tooth ! muriel I wish you would not discuss money in front of the child . jim why not , they spend enough of it ! joan bicker , bicker , bicker . as Jim give she a look and bury himself in he paper , the downstairs buzzer ring . gussie enter , squeeze by Jim who automatically duck , go to the phone in b.g . gussie hello . who ? ( call ) miss blanding , there 's a Mr. funkhauser want to see you . muriel funkhauser ? ( remember ) oh , Mr. funkhauser ! gussie that 's what he say . muriel look nervously at Jim who be preoccupy , read he paper . then she turn back to gussie . muriel uh -- better ask he to come up . gussie ( into phone ) say to come up . gussie hang up , squeeze by Jim , exit into the kitchen . pause . muriel ( tentatively ) oh -- uh -- darling , Mr. funkhauser 's here . jim ( look up ) ... who ? muriel you remember , Bunny funkhauser , that clever young interior decorator we meet at the Collins ' cocktail party ? jim ( distastefully ) what 's he do here ? muriel ( nervously ) well , I imagine he 's bring the -- uh -- estimate . jim ( blankly ) ... estimate ? muriel ( rapidly ; to conceal a feel of guilt ) darling , you know how long we have say we have get to do something about this apartment , and , well , he call last week , and I have he come over , and he 's get some simply wonderful idea ! jim ( quietly ) there could not be two Bunny funkhauser , could there ? muriel why , no , dear . jim then this be the same clever young man who 's responsible for that zebra - stripe monstrosity in the Collins ' live room ? muriel that couch be terribly functional . jim phil Collins tell I what he pay for all that function ! ( angrily ) if you think I be go to -- SOUND of doorbell ringing . muriel darling , please ! ( change subject ) Children , you will be late to school . run along and -- the child rise , pick up they school paraphernalia . joan miss stellwagon say that functionalism in modern furniture -- muriel never mind , dear . she hustle betsy and Joan toward the foyer as Jim rise . int . foyer gussie have just admit Mr. funkhauser . he be a tall , slender , effete-looking , young man . he be load down with sketches , sample of wallpaper , bolt of material . betsy and Joan brush by he on they way out . funkhauser good morning . the girl ( with a sharp appraise look ) hi. as they rush out and the door close , Jim and muriel enter scene . muriel good morning , Mr. funkhauser . you remember Mr. blanding ? funkhauser but of course . he sweep by they into the live room , take over completely . int . live room funkhauser you will have to pardon my burst in at this dreary hour -- ( put a sketch on a chair ) -- practically the middle of the night -- ( put wallpaper against mantel ) -- but I do so want to catch you in . I have be at it hammer and tong all week and I be just a mess -- ( drape bolt of chintz over high - back chair ) -- but then muriel and I think we ought to talk it over with you before we take the plunge ... funkhauser look briefly for a high object over which to display he last bolt of chintz , find none , settles for Jim 's shoulder over which he drape the cloth , the fold flow down in front . as Jim react : funkhauser ( smoothing out fold on the chintz ) after all , it 's you home , too , and it should reflect you . you know , man 's Castle , all that sort of thing . Jim look down at the chintz . jim ( ominously ) muriel ! muriel ( quickly ) Jim , just wait till you hear . he 's get some wonderful idea for the foyer . funkhauser oh , that 's out ! all out ! change the whole thing ! I just could not live with it ! I say to myself , " Bunny , what be the blanding ? how shall we do they ? " and the answer be perfectly obvious . very american , very grass root , very blueberry pie -- that sort of thing . jim ( dark look at muriel ) mm. funkhauser finger the material of a drape , disdainfully remove he hand . funkhauser now first , let 's dig into this live room of yours , it 's really a dreary . muriel ( quickly ; to Jim ) we want this room to be very gay , dear . something in bright red , yellow and green . jim ( appal ) Red , yellow and green ?! funkhauser oh , come , Mr. blanding , let 's not run away from color . jim not run away -- ( a lame joke ) -- just back off a little . funkhauser uh -- yes. ( brightly ) now as I see we room , it 's definitely Colonial . you know , cobbler 's bench , breakfront , pie cooler , student lamp , hook rug . but everything in good taste . it must not jump out at you and scream : " look -- see how antique I be ! " jim Heaven forbid . funkhauser of course , this thing take imagination . you have simply get to be able to visualize . jim ( politely , remove chintz ) if you will forgive I , Mr. funkhauser , what I would like to visualize -- at this dreary hour -- be how much be this all go to cost ? funkhauser well , really , I hesitate to say . after all -- ( indicate ) -- by the time this wall be out we may find -- jim ( reacting ) this wall be -- what ? funkhauser out . source of light be from the east . obviously if we room be to have any function at all -- jim you be go to tear out the wall ?! muriel dear , it 's a wonderful notion . funkhauser visualize three foot of lead pane , the rest -- jim can you give I a figure ? funkhauser well ! cost be not what they use to be , you know , and -- jim just a figure . funkhauser material be impossible , labor have just run wild -- jim just a overall figure . funkhauser well !... I should not like to be tie down . but I suppose if you must have a figure , I would say -- mm -- ( lightly ) -- somewhere in the neighborhood of seven . jim mm ... Seven . funkhauser ( nodd ) mm. jim that would be seven ... thousand ? funkhauser mm. Jim look at muriel , consider . jim ( soberly ) we will . that seem fair . ( gather up material ) after all , we be not run away from color -- ( pick up wallpaper ) -- and we be tear out wall -- ( pick up sketches ) Mr. funkhauser , do you have a card ? muriel Jim , we have not even discuss the rest of the house . jim we will , dear . ( lead the whole batch on funkhauser ) funkhauser ( huffy ) well , really , I -- jim ( deftly steering he toward the door ) we will talk it all out and then we will get in touch with Bunny . camera truck with they to the door . funkhauser well , really , I mean , I be under the impression we would come to some decision today . jim I be sure we will . funkhauser we-ll ! jim so nice of you to come . ( put funkhauser 's hat on he head ) good day . and funkhauser be go . Jim close the door , turn ominously . muriel ( apprehensively ) now darling , you -- you just do not go to a man like funkhauser and ask how much it 's go to cost before you even know what he 's go to do ! jim no , that would be too logical ! Seven thousand dollar ! blueberry pie ! I would not put seventy - five cent into this break - down rat trap ! muriel ( sentimentally ) it 's we home , Jim . betsy be practically bear in this apartment . jim that do not make it a national shrine ! ( vehemently ) Seven thousand dollar and not one word about closet . muriel closet ! you would not even let he get to the bathroom ! jim I have not get that kind of money ! muriel the way you talk , Jim blanding , you would think I be some kind of congenital idiot ! jim sometimes I be beginning to wonder ! muriel ( furious ) you can just get out of here ! jim that 's not a bad idea ! he angrily jerk open the hall closet door , pull he hat down from the shelf , several hat box , some ski boot and a tennis racket tumble down on he head . Jim jam he hat onto he head , take a deep breath and storm out , slamm the door . muriel walk over to the closet , be about to bend down and pick up a hatbox when all of she pent - up emotion explode . she kick the hat box into the closet , slam the door , start to cry . dissolve ext . radio CITY - establishing shot - ( stock ) dissolve int . corridor outside of jim' office - day exiting from the elevator , Jim enter a door mark : dascomb and banton advertising dissolve int . jim' office - day on the wall be various frame copy of Jim 's handiwork . most prominent be advertisement for a meat product call " wham ! " " a whale of a Ham ! " there be ample evidence of the fact that Jim 's most successful slogan be : " when you have get the whim - say ' wham ! ' " Jim enter , go to he desk , sit down , still emotionally upset . he glance at a photograph of muriel , look guiltily away , then back . jim ( to photograph ) sorry . his secretary enter . mary good morning , Mr. blanding . jim ( briefly ) ' Morning . mary you want to see the color copy from this month 's House and stream . she hand he a magazine . he look at it perfunctorily , be about to hand it back when he eye be catch by a ad on the back cover . insert the back cover - a community and extolling life in the country insert the back cover - a community and extoll life in the country , sponsor by a group of realtor , local chamber of commerce etc . over a pastoral scene of lovely little house checker a roll landscape be the word : live in the country come to peaceful connecticut trade CITY soot for sylvan charm in smaller type : choose you own commute time house old and new ... acreage over this : mary voice will that be all ? jim - mary . Jim - Mary . jim ( look up ; blankly ) hm ? mary will that be all ? without answer he turn back to the ad . the camera come in for a head closeup as he study the ad and on the sound track we hear : betsy voice " forced to sell . farm dwelling , oak grove , apple orchard , trout stream , hay field , four barn , original beam -- " as he look up thoughtfully : dissolve int . jim' car - day - ( process ) it be a convertible , the top down . Jim be drive through Manhattan . bill voice well , that 's the way it all start . the ad be enough to convince Jim -- dissolve int . the car - day - ( process ) Jim and muriel - they be leave Manhattan , enter the merritt Parkway . muriel , wear a orchid corsage , look curiously at Jim . his answer gesture say , " just wait and see . " over this : bill be voice -- but muriel be a little tougher . I guess the corsage do it . dissolve int . the car - day Jim , muriel and Mr. Smith - they be drive through a beautiful Connecticut countryside . Mr. Smith , a local real estate dealer , be of that shrewd yankee breed which specialize in the understatement , underselling school of salesmanship . bill voice there they be , two little fish from New York -- out in the deep deep water of Connecticut real estate . that 's Smith , the real estate salesman . mighty shrewd cookie in a quiet sort of way . never think he would get a bite this quick . Smith look speculatively at the blanding . bill voice now he 's size up the catch . " mm. let 's see . convertible -- orchid -- must be pretty well fix . wonder if they be looker or buyer ? " Jim take a deep breath , look at muriel as if to say , " get that air ! " muriel smile with approval . Jim pat she hand affectionately . Smith react . bill voice they be buyer . ( confidentially ) yes , sir , Smith , look like you be finally go to unload the old hackett place . now first thing be get them a little anxious . Jim slow down the car as they approach a rather picturesque - look old Connecticut farmhouse . he and muriel react with approval , look questioningly at Smith . Smith shake he head , " no , " as though to say , " not nearly good enough for you . " bill be voice th-a - a - t 's right ! dissolve int . the car - day Jim , muriel , Mr. Smith - they pass another house . Jim and muriel appraise it with interest , look at Smith . bill voice uh-uh , not yet . Smith firmly shake he head " no . " dissolve int . the car - day Jim , muriel and Mr. Smith - another house . bill voice take it easy , Smith , give them a little more line . Smith shake he head " no " . dissolve int . the car - day Jim , muriel and Mr. Smith - the car pull to a stop . bill voice now we be ready to gaff them . smith ( proudly ) well , folk , there she be -- the old hackett place . the blanding look off , react with interest and approval . what they see -- burrowed into the upward slope what they see -- burrowed into the upward slope of the land be the old hackett farmhouse . if the roof seem to sway a little and the massive stone chimney to tilt a bit and the overall condition of board and beam to be a trifle unsteady , charge it up to age , which will be a hundred and seventy year come next April . however , the overall effect be definitely one of picturesque rustic beauty . in the back be a series of barn and behind they the roll hill know as bald Mountain . smith's voice fifty mighty pretty little acre ... jim , muriel and smith . jim , muriel and smith muriel ( involuntarily ) it 's simply charming ! Jim 's look caution against she over-enthusiasm . muriel that be , for a old house . jim ( casually ) of course , you understand , Mr. Smith , we be just window shopping , so to speak . nothing really definite in mind . smith perfectly all right . jim ( study house ; with assume indifference ) mm. not a bad-look place , but it 's certainly a lot older than anything we have in mind . smith she 's no spring chicken -- ( sagely ) -- but that 's just what make she such a buy . they look at he curiously . Smith 's attitude be matter - of - fact , almost without enthusiasm . smith this be not just old timber , or a virgin stand oak grove other side of the trout stream , or a couple of fruit orchard ... you be buy a piece of american history . jim ( interested in spite of himself ) you do not say ! how 's that ? smith first year she be build , General Gates stop right here to water he horse . jim ( impressed ) oh! Old General Gates -- Civil war. smith Revolutionary War . jim oh. oh , that General Gates . hear that , honey , General Gates ! muriel ( with concern ) would not that make the house over a hundred year old ? smith ( proudly ) hundre and seventy come next April . the blanding exchange a doubtful look which Smith catch . smith now I be not try to sell you anything -- all I be say be that one of this day someone with a little vision and imagination 's goin ' to come along , and just steal this place -- ( confidentially ) and I mean steal it . the blanding , as one , turn to the house with renew interest . this be not lose on Smith . smith Mr. blanding , I know you can look at that house and just about picture what a couple of coat of paint and a little point up here and there can do to it . jim mm. the camera move to a head closeup of Jim as he begin to visualize what he sees what he sees - the Old hackett place suddenly dissolves into the New blanding ' place -- Jim 's version . it be a lovely country house . massive . masculine . Jim , in jodhpur , tweed coat , pipe and accompany by two large irish setter , be proudly surveying he property . he nonchalantly hold a sleek , beautiful shotgun in the most precisely correct position . close shot - jim' face . close shot - Jim 's face . his lip do not move but we hear he voice . jim' voice hm . wonder what he mean by " steal ? " three shot . three shot . smith and I guess I do not have to tell you , Mrs. blanding , what a woman 's touch could do to a place like this . muriel well -- camera move to a head closeup of muriel as she start to visualize . what she sees - the old hackett place what she sees - the Old hackett place dissolves into a dainty , feminine cottage with criss -cross curtain at the window and a lovely little white rail fence enclose " she garden . " muriel , in delightful gingham , be in the garden , admire she latest triumph - the large rise ever grow in lansdale County . close shot - muriel face . close shot - muriel 's face . her face be soft . her lip do not move but we hear : muriel voice it be a nice old house . it just need someone to love it , that 's all . three shot three shot smith yes , sir , you have certainly get to visualize . camera move to a head closeup of Smith as he , too , begin to visualize . what he sees - the old hackett place . what he sees - the Old hackett place . suddenly superimposed over it in large figure be : $ 9,000.00 group shot - smith look at he and muriel group shot - Smith look at him and muriel who be look at the house with unabash affection . Jim 's arm go tenderly around muriel 's waist . Smith look back at the house . what he sees - the old hackett place . what he sees - the Old hackett place . the $ 9,000.00 be quickly replace by : $ 11,000.00 group shot . group shot . smith ( brightly ) shall we go up and take a look at she ? muriel ( a little too casual ) well -- I -- suppose as long as we be here ... jim ( same ) I guess it do not hurt to take a look . as Smith precede they up the path toward the house : muriel ( sotto ) it do have possibility . do you think we can get it ? jim ( sotto ) like take candy from a baby . muriel ( same ) now do not lose you head . jim ( same ) shh. just keep quiet and let I handle this . as they enter the house : jim tell I , Smith , what kind of a price be the owner ask for this old place ? dissolve ext . the old hackett place - another angle - day Jim and muriel precede Smith as they exit from the house . as Jim and muriel carry on a sotto voce conversation , Smith look off with some concern in the direction of the road . muriel it 's wonderful , Jim ! that master bedroom with that two closet ! jim shh ! muriel funkhauser could do wonder with this -- jim ( firmly ) funkhauser will have nothing to do with this house ! shh ! Smith 's face suddenly brighten as a weatherbeaten old car appear , turn up the driveway , stop . hackett ( call ) hi , George ! smith hi , eph ! ( to the blanding ; feign surprise ) what do you know , it 's eph hackett , owner of the place ! jim ( pleased ) well , you do not say . eph hackett get out of the car , saunter over . hackett be a middle - age , rural - look , taciturn New englander smith eph , this be Mr. and Mrs. blanding -- from New York City . hackett howdy . the blanding how do you do ? muriel you certainly have a lovely place here , Mr. hackett . hackett ( briefly ) ye -ap . jim ( pleasantly ) Mr. hackett , we have just be talk to Smith here about -- uh -- take the old place off you hand . hackett exchange the briefest of look with Smith who almost imperceptibly shake he head " no . " hackett ( firmly ) ai not for sale ! as the blanding react with dismay : smith ( smoothly ) why do not you folk just go out in back and take a look at the orchard ? he give they a wink which say , " just leave it to I . " the blanding exchange a look , turn and walk off . hackett how be I doin ' , George ? smith Nice timin ' , eph . think we get something here . hackett they the same people you show it to in nineteen-thirty - eight ? smith they be looker -- this be the real thing . hackett if they get five thousand dollar on them . do not let them get away . smith they already offer ten . hackett ( mildly ) y'do not say ... what 's my ask price ? smith Fifteen ... hackett a mite stiff ... smith I have get them measure . ( mellower ) they be gonna take the place for -- ( turn , look back at house ) eleven thousand . hackett make it eleven thousand five hundred fifty . smith odd kind of figure . hackett might as well take the commission out of they instead of I . as Smith raise a know eyebrow : dissolve int . the blanding ' breakfast NOOK - day muriel and the two child be have breakfast . Jim enter in high spirit . during this scene we repeat the business of pass , etc. use in the previous breakfast scene . jim ( sing gaily to " Home on the Range " ) " Home , home in Connecticut with a closet to hang up you petticut ... " muriel ( as he seat himself ) ... Jim ? jim ( go on , as he place he napkin in he lap ) " no hustle or fuss no fifth Avenue bus -- " muriel uh -- Jim ? jim hm ? muriel I be just wonder , dear . ten thousand dollar be such a awful lot to offer -- Jim look suspiciously at she , at the child , then back at she . muriel that be , for two people who do not know anything at all about real estate , or anything ... ( Jim 's look darken ) I mean , do not you think perhaps we should have ask someone 's professional advice ? jim like ... say ... a lawyer ? muriel well , Bill know about this thing and -- jim muriel , for once in my life I be go to make one small decision , on my own , without the legalistic machination of Mr. Bill Cole . muriel it seem very peculiar that when you very best friend happen to be one of the very cleverest young lawyer in New York City -- jim muriel , I do not want to hear another word about Bill Cole ! ( turn to child ) well , do you mother tell you about the house ? betsy yes . jim well ? joan miss stellwagon say the current craze for modernize old farmhouse be a form of totem worship . jim ( with great restraint ) do it ever occur to you two that there may be some remote , intangible subject upon which you miss irma stellwagon be not the final authority ? joan why do not we buy a solaxion house ? jim ... you know it 's just barely conceivable -- what kind of a house ? joan solaxion . it 's build on a mast like a tent and it revolve with the sun . jim oh , it ... revolve ... with the sun ? joan that 's right . jim who life next door -- Buck Rogers ?! joan it 's the only practical way to live . when a new model come out you trade the old one in like a use car . jim ( plaintively ) muriel -- muriel Children , you have not even see this house yet . betsy personally , I would like a crane mobile home . it come all fold up and all you do be plug it in for electricity and water and -- jim now just a minute ! ( to muriel ) what kind of child be this ? ( to girl ) do you want to spend the rest of you life in chromium tent and portable merry - go-round ? this house be build before we country become a nation . it have dignity . it 's -- it 's -- gussie enter with a letter . gussie ( hand it to Jim ) special delivery , Mr. blanding . jim ( with suppress ; excitement ) from Smith ! as he eagerly open it and read , he face fall . jim mm. muriel well ? jim ( read ) " I have convey you offer of ten thousand dollar to Mr. hackett and be sorry to say he be not interested . however , I feel ... " muriel oh , dear . maybe we should have go a few dollar higher . jim ( stoutly ) he 's bluff . simple as that . joan for ten thousand dollar we could get a rockford trailer and a Zamboni power unit . it 's kitchen , bathroom and air conditioning all roll up into -- Jim give she a weary look , turn to muriel . jim ( firmly ) muriel , I will let he push I to ten thousand , two hundred , but not a penny more ! dissolve jim' cost chart insert jim' cost chart - rising diagonally and bisect the chart be a line graduate in scale start at $ 5000 and run up to around $ 17,000 . resting on the line at exactly $ 10,000 be a miniature of the old house . flutter across the scene from leave to right be a letter from Smith on the stationery of the lansdale Realty co . as we see the letter and hear the voice of Smith , miniature figure of Smith and hackett appear at the lower side of the house . they shoulder start push the house up the graduate scale . over this : smith's voice " dear Mr. blanding : while you offer of ten thousand two hundred be still not acceptable to ephemus hackett -- " a letter on danton &amp ; bascomb 's stationery flutter across the screen from right to leave . a miniature figure of Jim appear above the house , desperately push it back . over this , we hear : jim' voice " dear Mr. Smith : you may inform Mr. hackett that the very high I could possibly go -- " as a succession of letter flutter across the screen , first from leave to right and then from right to leave , and the house be jockey back and forth , they be punctuate with the follow line : smith's voice " dear friend blanding -- " jim' voice " my dear friend Smith -- " smith's voice " dear blanding --! " jim' voice " dear Smith - ! " throughout this Smith 's voice remain bland and unperturb while Jim 's have the desperate , frenetic quality of a man be slowly push to the wall . the special effect conclude with the house finally and firmly at rest on the preordain $ 11,550 . as the antagonist on both side of the house relax , Smith reach around in front of the house and shake hand with Jim . it 's a deal ! about halfway through when the go get tough , Jim beckon muriel to help in the lose fight . as they now embrace , Smith and hackett shake hand in mutual congratulation . dissolve door door - on it be print : mr. cole private dissolve int . bill cole's office - day a successful lawyer 's office , the wall crowded with leather - bound book . Jim and muriel be seat face the large desk behind which sit Bill Cole . Bill finish read a series of papers , the sum total of correspondence between Jim and Mr. Smith . he set down the papers , lean back thoughtfully . Jim and muriel look at he with nervous but eager anticipation . jim ( not too sure ) what do you think , Bill ? steal , huh ? bill ( drily ) it certainly be . Jim look triumphantly at muriel . bill perhaps " steal " be a understatement -- " swindle " might be a little more appropriate . jim ( with pride ) well , it be not much , Bill . I just see a good thing and I -- ( take ) what do you mean ? bill every time you get a little tight you weep on my shoulder about the advertising business and how it force a sensitive soul like yourself to make a live by bamboozle the american public . ( pick up Smith 's correspondence ) I would say that a small part of this victimize group have now redress the balance . jim what be you talk about ? bill you ! you have be take to the cleaner and you do not even know you pants be off ! muriel dear , I tell you . I say we should call Bill -- jim never mind , muriel ! ( to Bill ; challengingly ) all right , just what 's wrong with this deal ? bill first time around you offer ten thousand dollar for fifty acre , right ? jim what of it ? bill that 's two hundred dollar a acre . I know that part of Connecticut and one hundred dollar a acre be standard top - gouge price to city slicker . when the native sell to each other it 's around forty or less . muriel forty dollar a acre ! jim the man 's entitle to a fair profit . bill not two hundred and eighty - four percent . ( indicate papers ) and besides , you be not get fifty acre , you be only get thirty - five , more or less . jim where do it say that ? bill ( pick up letter ) I refer to a rather obscure post - script on the back of the second letter from friend Smith . he hand the letter to muriel . muriel ( read ) " incidentally , Mr. hackett have be a little over- optimistic about the acreage . it will probably survey somewhere in the neighborhood of thirty - five acre , more or less , but I feel sure ... " jim ( on the defensive ) all right , so it 's thirty - five ! what 's the difference ? do you know how many tennis court you can get on thirty - five acre ? bill you be not spend eleven thousand five hundred dollar for tennis court ! jim that 's not the point ! bill ( very businesslike ) that 's precisely the point . we be go to write this hackett a strong letter and tell he he can either kick in with that fifteen acre , reduce the price , or find another sucker . jim ( rise emotion ) we will do no such thing ! I be not go to queer this deal over fifteen break - down acre ! muriel ( to Bill ) we be just go window shopping and so far it 's cost we eleven thousand five hundred dollar and they even make we pay the commission ! jim you do not understand business . bill you mean extortion . as Jim turn on Bill and be about to answer he explosively : muriel ( thoughtfully ) I wonder if we could get another two year lease on the apartment ? jim ( heatedly ) now wait a minute ! you can not measure everything on a slide rule . this house have certain intangible . bill like what , for instance ? jim like antique value , for instance ! it just so happen that General Gates stop right there , at that very house , to water he horse . bill I do not care if General grant drop in for a scotch and soda -- you be still get rock ! jim that be a different war ! muriel I think Bill 's absolutely right . jim ( struggle to contain himself ; quietly ) let I explain something . to both of you . for fifteen year I have be coope up in a four room cracker box ! just get shave in the morning entitle a man to the congressional Medal for bravery . bill that do not make this a good buy . jim Bill -- muriel and I have find what I be not ashamed to call we dream House . it 's like a fine painting . you buy it with you heart , not you head . you do not ask , how much be the canvas , how much be the paint ? you look at it and you say , " it 's beautiful ... I want it , " and if it cost a few penny more you pay it -- and gladly -- because you love it and you can not measure the thing you love in dollar and cent ! muriel look at Jim , impressed , she face soften with compassion . jim ( emotionally spend ) well -- that 's how I feel about this place . and when I sign that papers Saturday , I can look the world in the face and say , " it 's mine ! my house ! my home ! my thirty - five acre ! " muriel ( come over ; move , touch ) we house . we home . we thirty - five acre ... they tenderly kiss . bill ... more or less ... on Jim 's reaction : dissolve ext . lansdale county courthouse - day comprehensive shot show village green of a small , typical , quaint New England town . dissolve int . record room lansdale county courthouse - day Old judge quarle be read from the title deed , the proceedings almost over . Jim stand in front of the bench flanke by muriel and Bill . Mr. Smith and hackett be the only other people present . as the judge drone on , Jim and muriel exchange a smile . Jim squeeze she hand intimately . judge quarle ( read ) " ... thence along say stonewall fence form the East boundary of say lansdale Road , N 20  27 ' E , 21.84 foot to the end of say stonewall fence , thence along a wire fence , N 16  31 ' W , 78.66 foot to a dead twenty - inch chestnut tree , thence westward to say stonewall fence , to a total of thirty - one and a half acre -- " jim ( reacting ) what be that ? how many acre ? judge quarle look up impatiently at the interruption . bill ( precisely ) thirty - one and a half . jim ( to hackett ) I be under the impression you property be thirty - five acre , Mr. hackett . hackett it be ... more or less . Bill look significantly at Jim . smith you see , Mr. blanding , when you sign the purchase agreement it be subject to trace map attach . survey to a even thirty - one and a half acre . Jim turn to Bill for affirmation . Bill soberly nod he head , " yes . " judge quarle anything wrong ? bill it 's nothing , you honor , just a few less tennis court . Jim give Bill a sour look as the judge continue : judge quarle ( with ministerial resonance ) " ...to have and to hold to he , the say grantee , he heir and assign to he and they own proper use and benefit forever . " during this , and as a shaft of sunlight hit they , a beatific look come across the face of Jim and muriel . for a moment it have become they wedding day . after a momentary pause : judge quarle ( very businesslike ) subject to a six thousand dollar mortgage hold by ephemus whittaker hackett ... as the blanding be startle back to grim reality : dissolve ext . rural countryside - day long shot - the blanding ' car . the blanding and Bill Cole drive along . they approach a fork in the road which lead to a very old cover New England bridge . on the bridge be a sign which read : shrunk mill 2 mi. they pause , turn , go through the bridge . int . the car - ( process ) as they drive through the dark interior of the bridge there be a appropriate rattling and rumbling of the ancient timber . ext . the opposite side of the bridge there be another fork in the road . muriel point to the road to the right . Jim shake he head , point to the road to the leave . muriel point to the right . Jim emphatically shake he head , put the car in gear , drive off on the road to the leave . long shot - the car long shot - the car . it go up to the top of a hill , stop , start up , disappear . dissolve ext . a road - day as the car approach , the camera disclose it be back at the same cover bridge . the car stop . int . the car Jim react with annoyance , mop he brow . bill ( drily ) Congress ought to pass a law . when a man busy a house in lansdale County there 's a prize -- he get ten percent off if he can find it . ext . the bridge Jim back up and , over muriel 's protestation that they go right , turn the car leave . dissolve long shot - the car long shot - the car . it drive up a empty road , disappear . dissolve ext . a road - day as the car approach , the camera reveal it be again back at the old cover bridge . the sign still read : " shrunk mill - 2 mi . " int . the car - day Jim and muriel look at each other with disgust and resignation . jim what in the world be " shrunk Mills ? " bill they be probably mill that have shrink . muriel well , you certainly be not much of a help . bill ( wearily ) look -- you really want to find that house of yours -- it 's no problem . they look at he curiously . bill just pretend you be one of General Gates ' horse and you be thirsty ... now where would you go for a drink of water ? Jim look at he darkly , drive through the bridge , turn right , as muriel look slightly triumphant . dissolve ext . the old hackett place - day Jim , muriel and Bill stand a little distance from the house , look at it . a vast lilac spread across it . the blanding be in quiet rapture , and it be Bill who speak first . bill ( frank and open ) well , I must admit it 's a very beautiful thing . muriel ( misty ) the house and the lilac be just the same age , Bill ; if the lilac can live and be so old , so can the house . it just need someone to love it , that 's all . Three shingles slide from the roof . as Jim and muriel react : bill it 's a good thing there be two of you -- one to love it and one to hold it up . as Jim give he a look : bill what would you engineer say when he check over the foundation and that roof ? jim who need engineer ? this be not a train , you know . bill I just see it move . jim this house have be stand since the second year of the Continental Congress . you take one look at it and shingles start to fall off ! as if on cue , a few more shingles slide off the roof , nearly hit Jim . bill ( solicitously ) look -- let I do you a favor . I have get a client , crackerjack structural engineer , Joe apollonio ; he practically build the George Washington Bridge single -hande . jim thanks a lot , but we be not building a bridge . bill he 's the follow who advise the government not to raise the normandie -- they do not listen to he , cost they five million dollar . jim you have my word , if I be raise the normandie , I would not make a move without apollonio. ( indicate door ) now would you like to come inside and look around ? bill ( a skeptical look at the roof ) no thanks , I will just stay out in the car and listen to " life can be beautiful . " as Jim open the door and disappear , there be a crash , follow by a series of other crash . muriel look in , turn back to Bill . muriel I think you would better contact Mr. apollonio . dissolve ext . the old hackett place - day near the front entrance . after a moment , the door open , and the blanding and Mr. apollonio emerge . Jim , limping , be aid and abetted by a cane . apollonio be a stolid , New York construction man , replete with derby , blue serge suit , and cigar . a short rule stick out of a back pocket . as they emerge , the blanding be hopefully enthusiastic ; apollonio be thoughtfully noncommittal . muriel it have charm , have not it , Mr. apollonio ? apollonio ( through he cigar ) uh-huh . jim of course , any small change would have to conform with the character of the countryside . apollonio ( through he cigar ) mm-hmm . muriel and yet still be functional . apollonio casually walk over to the corner of the house , kick a expose beam . it crumble , apparently rotted by termite . two shingles fall off . the blanding watch he anxiously . apollonio ( gaze upward ; oblivious ) uh-huh . as he thoughtfully rub he chin , Jim , follow by muriel , limp he way over to he . jim well , uh , what 's you professional opinion ? apollonio look at the blanding , at the house , then back at the blanding . he take the cigar from he mouth . apollonio tear it down . jim ( appal ) tear it down ??! apollonio if you chimney be shot and you sill be okay , I would say go ahead , fix she up . if you sill be shot and you chimney be okay , again I would say go ahead , fix she up . but you sill be shot and you chimney be shot . during this speech apollonio pick up a wooden frame , square it with a pocket square , level it on a fence , and look through it at the house . apollonio ( beckone ) take a look at the way she sag . the blanding step over , look through the frame . what they see . what they see . outline against the frame , the house slant , sagging perceptibly . three shot as the blanding react with some dismay three shot as the blanding react with some dismay . apollonio so I say do not throw good money after bad -- tear it down . jim ( coolly ) thanks a lot . apollonio it 's okay . he tip he hat , walk out of scene . jim ( bitterly ) Bill Cole and he expert ! muriel ( bitterly ) darling , we will get we own expert . dissolve ext . the old hackett house - day the blanding have just finish surveying the house with Mr. Simpson , another expert . bill voice and so they get they own expert . Mr. Simpson say -- simpson tear it down . the blanding look at each other . fast dissolve ext . the old hackett house - day the blanding have just finish examine the house with Mr. Murphy , another expert . bill voice on the other hand , Mr. Murphy say -- murphy I think you would better tear it down . the blanding smile feebly . fast dissolve ext . the old hackett house - day the blanding and Jones , another expert . bill voice and then just to be a wee bit different , Mr. Jones say -- jone ( firmly ; deep bass voice ) tear it down ! the blanding be now considerably shake . dissolve a shingle . a shingle . it read in neat , conservative lettering : henry L. simm architect bill voice and that 's how we friend , Mr. simm , come into it . dissolve int . henry L. simm ' live room - day Jim , muriel , simm . the room be in quiet , good taste , a flagstone fireplace , modern steel casement window , window seat , etc . the wall be cramme with book and photograph of simm ' handiwork . there be a couple of gold medal citation of he work conspicuously space around the room . simm be a tweedy , pipe-smok , conservative New englander , a distinguished - look local architect . he puff thoughtfully on he pipe as he look at a photograph of the old hackett place , a exact duplicate of the shot we see through the window frame . simm of course you could fix up that old house . you can fix up any structure that 's still stand . the sill and floor could not be worse , I grant you , and I guess you would have to jack up that west corner at least three foot to make it level . need new chimney . New roof . complete new plumbing . ( sigh ) too bad you do not buy it ten year ago . could have fix it up in jig time then , and it would have make some sense . jim ( nervously nibble at he nail ) uh-huh ... mm-hmmm ... uh-huh . simm fact be , before you be through , it would be less expensive to tear the old place down and build a new one , same size . jim mm. New house ... ( as the notion sink in , become attractive ) New house . muriel ( to simm , with pleasant incredulity ) you mean ... for the same money ... we could build a brand new house ? simm it certainly would not cost any more . jim ( soberly ) hm ... New house ... he turn and look thoughtfully at muriel who raise a interested eyebrow . then , to simm : jim ( tentatively ) just ... what sort of thing do you have in mind ? simm well , I imagine the type of house you would want would be something in quiet good taste , two story , frame and brick veneer construction -- modern , but of course fitting in with the architectural tradition of the countryside . jim well , I -- what do you think , muriel ? muriel I think it sound fine . simm perhaps you would like to see a basic floor plan -- ( reach into file behind he ) -- something like this . simm place the basic floor plan on the desk before he , the blanding move around , flanking he . they examine the plan with interest . what they see -- the plan . what they see -- the plan . a simple master plan of a two story house , the name of the various room indicate . as he talk , we see simm ' hand , hold a pencil , point out the various room simm first floor . live room , study , dining room , kitchen , service porch , may 's room -- upstairs three family bedroom with two adjoin bath . three shot . the blanding praise the plan three shot . the blanding praise the plan with the uncompromising expertness of two people who have never see such a plan before in they life . muriel it 's very nice , I be sure , but -- uh -- well -- do not it seem just a little bit conventional ? jim yes , simm , if we be go to build a house we want it -- well , you know -- just a little bit different . simm ( he 's hear all this before ) yes , of course . jim now , for instance -- ( take simm ' pencil ) the drawing board . the drawing board . Jim 's pencil trace as he talk . jim' voice -- here in the study if we could just push out this wall a little -- and put in a build - in bar we could -- muriel voice Excuse I , dear -- her hand take the pencil from he , start to trace as she talk . Jim 's finger drum with the beginning of impatience . muriel voice this bedroom . they do seem rather small . and , of course we would have to have a little dress room -- and -- as she draw it in , Jim 's hand take the pencil . muriel 's finger drum nervously . jim' voice and closet , simm , lot of closet . ( trace they in ) if there 's one thing this family need , it 's closet . simm ' voice ( as he hand reach for the pencil ) if I might make a suggestion -- but muriel 's hand reach the pencil first . muriel voice ( as she draw they in ) and bathroom , Mr. simm . each bedroom must have at least one bathroom . simm ' voice but that would be four bathroom , Mrs. blanding -- ( he hand reach for the pencil ) I think I would better point out to you -- Jim 's hand reach the pencil before simm . now simm ' finger and muriel 's drum in unison . jim' voice just a minute . do you think -- ( trace ) we might manage a little playroom in the basement , nothing tremendous , you know , something like this -- simm ' voice ( as he hand reach for the pencil ; cautiously ) well , it 's always possible , but at the moment we fundamental problem -- but muriel 's hand have the pencil . muriel voice ( as she trace ) and I have always want a little sewing room upstairs -- ( Jim 's and simm ' finger drum impatiently ) you know , a little utility room where I can be alone , and sew , or sulk , or on a rainy afternoon ... jim' voice ( as he hand take pencil ) pardon I , dear . on that playroom , simm , not too small . you know , plenty of room for ping - pong , dart , nice big poker table ... simm ' voice ( as he hand reach for another pencil ) if you do not mind , I -- but muriel have reach the pencil first . as she and Jim sketch simultaneously and the scene begin to dissolve , we hear : muriel voice ... and off the kitchen , I would like a little flower sink just to putter around in ... jim' voice ... and a terrace off the study , with a own and little outdoor fireplace ... dissolve the drawing board - the original plan the drawing board - the original plan be lose in a maze of the blanding ' extension , alteration and addition . three shot - the three be somewhat exhausted three shot - the three be somewhat exhaust , silently look at the plan . simm wearily run he hand through he hair . simm ( delicately ) we-ll ... let 's just see what we have here . in the first place -- the drawing board - simm ' the drawing board - simm ' pencil indicate as he talk . simm ' voice -- I be afraid you have get the upstairs about twice as big as the downstairs . jim' voice it 's all that bathroom . muriel voice it be not , it 's all that closet . three shot . three shot . simm by extend this breakfast room you have eliminate the possibility of any stair go to the second floor . jim oh , you can just shove that stair in anywhere . simm ( patiently ; almost paternally ) and , Mrs. blanding , on that sewing room , the way you have it now , the chimney stack would come up right through the middle of the room , leave you with something in the shape of a square doughnut . ( tactfully ) which , of course , might be very warm in winter , but otherwise of doubtful utility . muriel you could always move the chimney somewhere else , could not you ? simm we-ll ... ( rise ; resign to he fate but tactful ) look , I think I know just about what you two have in mind . why do not I go ahead with some preliminary plan and -- jim ( hearty ) you do that , simm , but remember , we have get to hold it down to ten thousand . simm ( candid ) that , I can tell you right now , be impossible . even with a considerable trimming of the thing you have indicate , I do not see how we can bring it in for less than twelve or twelve- five . jim twelve - five ! ( look at muriel ; then ) well , I guess we be not go to quibble about a few penny one way or the other . muriel ( can not resist ) no , you will find Mr. blanding never quibble about penny . simm and -- uh -- have you any notion about how you would like the old place take down ? jim ( a rueful joke ) why do not we just blow on it ? simm ( wry smile ) there 's a good local house wrecker . I will have he contact you . Jim expansively put he arm around simm ' shoulder . jim Fine . you just shoot ahead with that plan , and remember , try to keep it down to ten , ten-five . simm ( doubtfully ) well -- we will try . as the blanding walk to the door : jim there 's one good thing about get that old relic down . that original beam and everything -- this time somebody pay we . as they go out the door : dissolve ext . road near old hackett house - day - winter - ( process matte shot ) Old hackett house matte to show winter sky , bare tree . in the f.g. bare ground with patch of snow . eph hackett be stand with one of the wrecker . in the b.g. we see the frame of the old house , firmly intact , the chimney still stand within it . there be mountain of shingles , splinter board and other rubbish , pile about . the pile be reasonably neat and sort . hackett they beam be worth money . you payin ' he , or he payin ' you ? wrecker he 's payin ' I . hackett how much ? wrecker ( hesitate ) a thousand . hackett a thousand ! wrecker he squawk , but he pay . hackett ( drily ) hmm . I guess maybe I get a little something ' comin ' too . as he start out of scene : voice okay , boy , let she go ! tractor attach to chain and cable start to pull . miniature shot miniature shot - what be leave of the house collapse . ext . hill overlooking the old hackett place - process of matte or miniature shot Jim and muriel be stand there , have watch the demolition . as the dust settles : jim ( sigh ) well , so far it 's cost we thirteen thousand , three hundred and twenty - nine dollar and forty - five cent . muriel but we have get the nicest vacant lot in the state of Connecticut . they exchange a look of mix emotion . dissolve simm ' new preliminary plan insert simm ' new preliminary plan - Fresh and workmanlike , a few small section cross out where cut have be indicate . simm ' voice ( wearily ) something will have to give somewhere , that I know . the camera angle widen to disclose : int . the blanding ' live room - night Jim , muriel and simm be go over the preliminary plan . betsy and Joan be present , betsy read the lansdale blade and Joan read a science book . muriel it 's impossible . I do not see how we can cut another inch . jim honey , you hear simm . as the house stand now it 's over fifteen thousand dollar ! muriel well , it just do not seem possible -- ( afterthought ) for a house with such small room . simm ( patiently ) Mrs. blanding , I have already explain . it 's not only the size of the room so much as it be the number . you see , we primary problem be one of cubage -- jim that 's right , dear , cubage . muriel what 's that ? jim oh -- ( sorry he get into it ) just a figure of speech . muriel but what do it mean ? jim ( a little irritably ) cubage . it 's just the number of cubic foot that -- ( lose , lamely ) -- go into a cubic foot . go on , simm . simm ( consulting plan ) now be it absolutely essential for each of you daughter to have she own room with two closet and a separate bath ? jim ( a look at the girl ; clear he throat ) yes . you see , er , my daughter be , er , approach womanhood , and , er -- simm ( brief look at the girl ) I have not realize they be approach it quite so fast . ( to Jim ) perhaps what you need be not so much a house as a series of little bungalow . jim hmmm. ( examine plan ) what about that silly flower sink ? we could eliminate that . muriel I beg you pardon . jim or that sewing room upstairs , that 's certainly a waste . muriel if we be go to eliminate anything , we will lose that ridiculous play room in the basement with that great big poker table . jim honey , I have get to have some relaxation . muriel we have get thirty - one and a half acre . go out in the back and do a little gardening . jim sure , and get poison ivy ! simm ( with dogge patience ) if I may interrupt , I would like to suggest that none of this be really major elimination . now if we could do with one less bathroom on the second floor -- muriel I be sorry . we could not possibly . simm Mrs. blanding , a simple bathroom , eight by ten by eight with grade a fixture will cost around thirteen hundred dollar . muriel I refuse to endanger the health of my child in a house with less than four bathroom . jim for thirteen hundred dollar they can live in a house with three bathroom and rough it ! simm look , perhaps the most practical thing would be -- betsy oh , look , we be in the lansdale paper ! ( read ) " historical Society blast vandalism ! " jim muriel , simm explain to you . we have just get to cut , cut -- ( react ) what 's that ? betsy ( read ) " censure vote pass be destruction of fame hackett edifice . " jim well , be not that just too bad ! let I see that . he take the paper , scan it , suddenly burst into laughter . muriel what 's so funny . jim ( laugh ) prutty . Mrs. bildad prutty . get a load of this ! ( read ) " the semi-monthly meeting of the lansdale historical Society be turn into a uproar last night when its president , Mrs. bildad prutty " -- how do you like that , bildad prutty ? -- " report the total demolition by its New York buyer of the historic old hackett house . " ( laugh ) bildad prutty ! muriel , I have get to send this to the New Yorker ! betsy ( drily ) read on , father . jim ( scan paper ) " Mrs. prutty , " -- bildad , that be -- " remind she audience that several year ago the Society start to raise a fund to purchase and restore the old house to its original condition . " ( look up , laugh scornfully ) betsy read on , father . jim ( back to paper ) " the project fall through by be seven hundred dollar short of the sum of twenty - six hundred dollar ... " ( Jim slow down as the follow register ) " ... which ephemus hackett testify be the lowest reasonable price he could accept as -- " the paper drop . jim ( weakly ) ... twenty - six hundred dollar . betsy and what do we pay , father ? joan eleven - five , with the commission . jim muriel , be not it time for that child to be in bed ? muriel now girl , I do not want to tell you again . the front doorbell ring . muriel Excuse I . as the camera follows muriel to the door , we hear : jim' voice twenty -six hundred dollar ! simm ' voice ( comfortingly ) I would not be too concerned about Mrs. prutty and she committee . after all , it 's you property and if you want to tear it down -- muriel open the door , admit a excited Bill Cole . muriel ( surprised ) why , Bill ! bill ( briefly ) hello , muriel . ( he stride past she wave a telegram ; to Jim ) well , you have do it again ' . once , just once , why do not you come to I and find out if it 's all right , if it 's legal , before you go barging off and run yourself smack into another jam ! jim what 's eat you ? bill ( ignore he ; to simm ) and I must say , simm , I hold you equally responsible ! jim ( alarmed ) what ? what happen ? simm I be afraid I do not understand . bill ( to simm ; indicate Jim ) do you let this idiot tear down that house ? jim what if he do ? what of it ? simm ( to Bill ) reconstruction be unsound and totally impractical . bill I quite agree . but you be deal with a man who do not think before he act , who go off half - cocked ! jim what be it ? what do I do ? bill ( ignore he ; to simm ) you be a architect ! you must have be aware of the legality involved . jim what ? what legality ? bill ( to simm ) you know there be a mortgage on that house . simm I assume as much . jim what happen ? what be you talk about ? bill ( ignore he ; to simm ) and you know the requirement in regard to a mortgage where there 's demolition intend ! simm certainly . but since you be he lawyer , I naturally assume -- bill with a man like this you can not assume anything ! jim ( loudly ) just one minute ! I be entitle to know what I do ! this be America ! a man 's guilty until he 's prove innocent -- betsy it 's the other way around , father . jim you go to bed ! muriel Girls ! jim Bill , I have have a very try day . would you mind tell I in clear , concise English just what crime I have commit -- and why ?! bill ( with weary resignation ) in clear , concise English , you tore down a house on which another man hold a mortgage without first get he write permission . jim well , I -- I do ?! bill and in such case , the mortgagee can demand the full payment of say mortgage upon demand -- ( wave telegram ) and Mr. ephemus hackett so demand ! six thousand clam ! and he want they now ! jim ( appal ) now ?! bill you have get ten day . Jim gulp . pause . joan for six thousand dollar we could have have a solaxion house and a crane mobile home . jim muriel ! muriel ( herding the kid toward the door ) Girls , say you good night and off to bed without another word . betsy ( reluctantly ) good night , Mr. simm . uncle Bill . joan ( protest ) miss stellwagon say the problem of the parent should be the problem of the child . muriel ( shooing they out ) you keep that in mind , dear . it will help prepare you for motherhood . the child exit . a embarrassed pause . simm perhaps we would better let the plan go for the time be and -- jim ( weakly ) no , simm , I will work this out . you go ahead with you final plan and let 's see some estimate . muriel and we will just forget about that extra bathroom . simm ( prepare to leave ) very well . you will hear from I as soon as possible . good night . good night be exchange . muriel take simm out of scene toward the door . camera hold on Bill and Jim . jim ( defeat ) six thousand dollar ! Bill look at Jim with compassion . bill what will you do for collateral on you building loan ? jim I do not know , turn in my insurance policy or something . muriel ( come into scene ) now , Jim , you can not do that . jim why not ? muriel what if something should happen ? you can not leave the child unprotect . jim ( somewhat irritably ) I be not dead yet ! and if I die , there 's plenty leave to take care of they . muriel not if you cash in you policy . as Jim react with painful resignation : bill I be sure it will not be necessary . I will see the boy at the bank . maybe you can put up you insurance as collateral . if necessary , I will sign a personal note . jim ( wearily ) thanks , Bill . bill ( paternally ) and Jim , do I a little favor . the next time you be go to do anything , or say anything , or buy anything , think it over very carefully , and when you be sure you be right -- forget the whole thing . good night , muriel . he go to muriel and kiss she on the cheek . Jim see it , be annoyed . muriel good night , Bill . camera follows muriel and Bill to the door . he exit . muriel come back into the room . muriel what a wonderful friend . jim ( darkly ) what 's with this kissing all of a sudden ? muriel what 's that ? jim just because a man be helpful in a business way , it do not give he extra-curricular privilege with my wife ! muriel that 's a fine thing to say about a friend of fifteen year ! jim ( testy ) well , I do not like it . every time he go out of this house , he shake my hand and he kiss you . muriel ( sharply ) would you prefer it the other way around ?! jim ( irritably ) well , I do not like it , that 's all ! why be he always hang around ? why do not he ever get marry -- or something ? muriel ( assume innocence ) because he can not find another girl as sweet and pretty and wholesome as I be . jim well -- it -- it do not look right . there be limit to friendship and -- muriel come over , put a sympathetic arm around he . muriel darling , let 's not be silly about this . it 's not Bill , it 's the house you be upset about . jim ( sigh ) I suppose so . they kiss . jim do you think it 's worth all this ? muriel of course , darling . we be not just building a house -- it 's a home . a home for ourselves -- and we child -- and maybe we child 's child . jim ( whimsically ) it 's get awfully crowded with only three bathroom . they look at each other , smile and kiss intimately , as we dissolve int . simm ' live room - day Jim and muriel be watch simm , who have just take a typewritten sheet from he file . simm look at the sheet , turn to they a little apprehensively . simm well -- here be the estimate . before you look at they , I think I would better explain -- jim do not bother , simm . ( take the sheet ) I be get to be a old hand at this sort of -- Jim be halfway into he chair as he eye catch the first bid . there be a sharp musical effect as Jim bounce out of he seat . jim jumping H. mahogany --!! the camera goe in for a close shot of the column of estimate . as the camera irise down on each sum , there be a dissonant musical effect . Antonio doloroso , Builders $ 32,117.00 cary &amp ; plumline $ 30,500.00 julius akimbo &amp ; Co. $ 28,575.00 Zach , tophet &amp ; Payne $ 24,250.00 John retch &amp ; Son $ 21,000.00 three shot jim , muriel , and simm three shot - Jim , muriel , and simm . muriel have read the column over Jim 's shoulder . simm now obviously this bid be way out of line , that be , all except John retch and Son at twenty - one thousand . muriel ( reacting ) twenty - one thousand ! simm and with some judicious cut , I think we can pare that down to eighteen . muriel we have only ask for the barest necessity -- simm frankly , with all the extras you two have -- jim never mind . ( hand estimate to simm ) if you will just send we a bill for you service , I will see that it 's take care of . ( take muriel 's hand and start for door ) now , if you will excuse we . muriel where be we go ? jim I be go out to get my head examine ! then , if I do not jump off the Brooklyn Bridge , I be go to find the owner of we building and sign a twenty - year lease ! as they be about to exit , they pause as they eye be catch by a draw on a adjacent draw board . what they see - a beautiful pencil and charcoal drawing what they see - a beautiful pencil and charcoal draw of they complete prospective house . under it , in neat letter be print : residence of mr. and mrs . jame H. blanding jim , muriel , and simm . Jim , muriel , and simm . they look at the draw , then at each other . Jim 's face soften . muriel look at he appealingly . jim ( quietly ) what 's the name of that contractor ? dissolve insert jim' cost chart . the house rest on the diagonal line at the figure of $ 13,500 . as the miniscule Jim and muriel watch with apprehension , the small figure of Smith and hackett be join by simm , John W. retch , and several sub contractor , who put they collective shoulder to the house and push it past the blanding and up to $ 31,000.00 dissolve excavation - location # 2 - early spring - day a sign on a sawhorse - it read : JOHN W. retch and son over scene be the thunderous dissonance of the various sound that go into preliminary construction . a steam shovel in action , a bulldozer , the saw of wood , and intermittently the loud , earth - shaking crash of a well - digger 's rig . as the camera pull back , we see the machine and workmen at they various task . the scene have all the rustic peace of the invasion of hollandia . the angle change , and we see Jim , muriel , and Bill drive up the improvise driveway very close to the scene of activity . int . the car - day Jim and muriel look at they property with unconceal pride . Bill be interested but would like it better if there be less noise . jim ( shouting over noise ) well , thing be certainly hum . bill ( same ) what 's that ? jim ( same ) I say , hum . bill oh. as they get out of the car , there be a unusually loud crash from the well - digger 's rig . bill ( loud ) what 's go on over there ? jim ( same ) that 's Mr. tesander . he 's digging we well . bill ( same ) well ? what happen to the trout stream , with that pure , clear , cold mountain water ? jim ( same ) I decide against it -- there be a sudden cessation of the steam shovel and complete silence . Jim , unaware of it , continue to shout . jim the trout stream -- ( react ; quietly ) do not seem practical . muriel it be not exactly a decision , dear . ( to Bill ) we discover the trout stream dry up in August and the rest of the year it 's pollute . jim ( defensively ; grop ) well , anyway , I would rather have artesian water . it 's healthier . calcium -- vitamin -- artesian -- bill ( indicate ) what 's wrong with that steam shovel ? they look off . what they see . a cluster of workmen what they see . a cluster of workmen have gather around Mr. Zucca , the driver of the steam shovel , who be swear in voluble but undistinguishable italian . jim , muriel and bill . Jim , muriel and Bill . jim better take a look . he start off for the steam shovel , nimbly jump over a drainage trench . muriel start to follow , pause , unable to negotiate the trench . muriel Jim ! Jim turn in time to see Bill pick muriel up and carry she across the trench . as he set she down : muriel ( sarcastic ; to Jim ) thank you , dear . Jim frown , annoyed . they approach the group around the shovel . jim what 's the matter , Mr. Zucca ? something wrong ? zucca how do you lika that ? broka my bucket . two time this week I broka my bucket ? jim what do you do , strike a boulder ? zucca ( darkly ) atsa no boulder , atsa ledge . jim ( weakly ) what do that mean ? zucca meansa we gotta blast ! jim blast ? zucca blast . witha dynamite . jim what do you mean , dynamite ? muriel ( a little annoyed ) what do you mean , " what do you mean ? " Mr. Zucca just explain . he 's go to use dynamite and blast until he get rid of the rock . zucca atsa no rock , atsa ledge . bill what Mr. blanding mean be -- what precisely be a ledge ? zucca ledge . lika bigga stone , only a- bigger . jim like a boulder ? zucca no , like ledge . Jim look at muriel and Bill . bill ... like a ledge . zucca but you do not gotta worry . only cost twenty - four cent a cubic foot , plussa dynamite a 'a fuse . jim but how far will you have to blast ? zucca harda tell . might be a lilla baby ledge -- mighta run the whole toppa the mountain . jim ( appal ) at twenty - four cent a foot ? do you realize what that mean ?! zucca ( simply ) meansa we gotta blast . Zucca walk off . jim ( with quiet resignation ) well , anyway , we house will never sink . muriel ( drily ) if it do , we can always get Mr. apollonio . he raise the normandie . there be a crash from the well - digging rig . bill " come to peaceful Connecticut -- ( another crash ) Trade city soot for sylvan charm . " another crash . jim ( irritably ) how long do that go on ? muriel I do not know . ( to Bill ) Three week now at four dollar and fifty cent a foot . jim ( assert he authority ) I think I would better have a little talk with Mr. tesander . he start off . muriel and Bill , curious , follow . ext . at the well rig tesander , a stolid New England well - digger , the soul of industry and candor , attack the earth . Jim , follow by muriel and Bill , walk into scene , stand by , watch he . after a moment : jim oh -- Mr. tesander -- the motor be make too much noise . jim ( louder ) Mr. tesander ! tesander look up , shut off he motor . tesander yep ? jim how 's it come ? tesander ( consider a moment ; then : ) it 's comin' . with a nod he turn on he motor , resume work . Jim exchange a look with muriel and Bill . jim no -- no -- I mean -- but he 's drown out by the motor . jim ( shout ) Mr. tesander ! tesander patiently stop he motor , look up . tesander yep ? jim what I mean be -- how far down be you ? tesander look at he equipment , consider . tesander oh -- ' bout a hundred and ninety foot . jim well -- be not that pretty deep ? tesander ( think it over ; he 's not one for snap judgment ; then : ) yep . he 's about to turn on he motor , but Jim detain he . jim do you think maybe you would better try another spot ? tesander up to you . jim I mean -- well , have you hit anything yet at all ? tesander ( think it over ) hit some limestone yesterday . jim be that good ? tesander that 's bad . Jim look at Bill who shake he head with mock commiseration . tesander and right now it look like we be come into some shale . jim that 's bad ? tesander that 's good . jim oh ... Jim look at muriel for comfort which be not forthcoming . tesander ' course it might turn out to be sandstone . jim that 's bad ? tesander shake he head , " no . " jim that 's good ? tesander shake he head , " no . " tesander can not tell . might be good . might be bad . one thing you know -- you get plenty of shale , sandstone and limestone . jim ... I see . he turn a little helplessly to muriel and Bill . bill on a hot day there 's nothing like a nice cool limestone shower . muriel ( sweetly ) Mr. tesander , just for the record , of course , what ever happen to water ? tesander oh , it 's there , all right . ( he smile , nod , tip he hat to muriel ) just get to be patient . he turn on he motor , go back to work . Jim , muriel and Bill start to move off . bill if you ask I , this project 's get a little out of hand . jim ( defensively ) nothing 's get out of hand at all . I have make a chart of the whole operation , and -- ( indicate tesander ) with a few minor deviation , I know exactly what every penny 's go to cost . muriel two penny . jim ( coolly ) and just what do that mean ? bill ( drily ) meansa we gotta blast . there be a loud dynamite blast o.s . as a shower of dirt and rock cascade down and they run for cover : dissolve jim' cost chart insert jim' cost chart - Jim stand casually above the house hold the line with one hand . the group push from below now consist of Smith , hackett , simm , retch , tesander , Zucca and assort sub-contractor and workmen . as the house move up a thousand dollar , Jim firmly push it back . it now rest at $ 33,500 . dissolve int . jim' office - day Jim and Mary . jim you see , Mary , the average fellow who build a house do not know where he stand from day to day -- but I do thing a little differently . with a few minor deviation I know exactly where every penny be go -- there be a knock on the door . it open and Bill Cole appear , briefcase under he arm . bill hi. jim Bill ! come in , come in . bill ( enter ) just go over the knapp contract with old man dascomb and I -- uh -- ( indicate Mary ) can I talk ? jim ( a little concerned ) sure . what 's up ? bill ( obliquely ) while I be in there with dascomb the conversation kind of get around to you and -- uh -- jim ( impatiently ) what be it ? bill well , he do not say in so many word that ever since you start with that house you have not turn in a decent piece of copy , but -- jim but you kind of get the feel ... bill ... that if I tell you , you would know that he know that you know that he know ... that you know ... or something . jim what 's he worry about ? the deadline 's three month off . I have always -- the phone ring . Mary answer . mary hello ? yes . just a minute . ( hand phone to Jim ) Mrs. blanding call from lensdale . jim yes , muriel . what ? what 's that ? tesander strike water ! say that 's wonderful ! ( to Bill ) we have finally get we well . bill ( drily ) congratulation . he extend he hand . Jim absently shake it , then : jim ( listen at phone ) huh ? what 's that ? ( face fall ) what do you mean we have get two well ? ( listen ; then , grimly ) I will be right out . ( hang up , rise ) come on , Bill , we would better get out to lansdale . mary anything wrong ? jim ( soberly , as he slip into he coat ) Mary , have you ever seriously consider building a house ? mary well , no offense , Mr. blanding , but my boy friend say that anybody who build a house today be crazy . jim you stick with that boy , he 's get a great future . as he and Bill start for the door : dissolve ext . the excavation at bald mountain - day muriel , Jim , Bill , simm and retch stand at the edge look down at the excavation which be partially fill with bubbling water . jim you mean you hit a spring , a bubbling spring right here in we cellar ? simm it will have to be divert before retch here can lay he cement . retch ( dubiously ) May take a while . pump be over in Jersey . tesander walk into scene , look down at the water . tesander tsk , tsk , tsk . jim ( mild sarcasm ) Water , Mr. tesander . tesander yep . jim at six foot ! tesander yep . jim ( indicate ) and over there , just thirty - two yard away , you have to go down two hundred and twenty - seven foot to hit the same water . tesander yep . jim how do you account for that , Mr. tesander ? tesander consider a moment , rub he chin , then : tesander we will , way it seem to I , Mr. blanding , over here the water 's down around six foot and over there it 's -- uh -- bill and tesander -- down around two hundred and twenty - seven foot . Jim exchange a weary look with muriel . dissolve special effect : montage special effect : it consist of a montage of the follow dissolving shot : ( 1 ) the water be pump out of the excavation . ( 2 ) the cement mixer pour cement into wheelbarrows . ( 3 ) the pour of the cement floor , wall and foundation . ( 4 ) planks , shingles and plumbing equipment begin to arrive and be strewn about the property . ( 5 ) the exterior frame of the house begin to go up . ( 6 ) the sheathing be put on . ( 7 ) the roof be construct . over this montage be superimposed : Jim 's cost chart . - with each successive operation , a new workman be add to the already considerable group of people who be push the house inexorably upward , this against the frantic effort of a slowly weaken Jim blanding . dissolve ext . the blanding ' house - day the exterior sheathing be complete and , in the roughest of term , the project begin to resemble a house . among the workmen 's car we notice the blanding ' convertible . dissolve int . the incomplete live room - location # 1 - day a dozen hammer , saw , trowel , etc . be hear in other part of the house busily rasp and bang away . Jim and muriel and Bill appear in the doorway before enter the rough unfinish interior of what will eventually be the live room . bill what 's this , another closet ? jim this happen to be we dining room . muriel not the dining room , dear , the live room . ( indicate ) there 's the fireplace . jim then where 's the dining room ? bill maybe it 's that little room off the hallway . jim that 's the breakfast nook . muriel it 's not the breakfast nook , it 's the powder room . jim oh. bill do I a favor -- do not ever invite I here for a meal . two workmen pass by carry a few long piece of lumber . the workmen do not see the blanding . first workman I do not figure this blanding at all . if you gotta build on the windiest hill in Connecticut , why do you have to pick the windiest side of the hill ? bill ( to workman ) you know this New York millionaire -- they be eccentric . the workmen pass from view . jim I think I would like to go outside . bill ( gesture to door ) after you , rockefeller . as they enter the foyer , a carpenter appear . carpenter ( to Jim ) just the man I want to see . would you step over here a second ? jim sure . bill ( indicate ) I will browse around upstairs . as Bill start up the stair , Jim and muriel follow the carpenter . carpenter ( point up ) on they second floor lintel between the lally column , do you want we should rabbet they or not ? jim ( lose ) the -- second -- floor -- lally ? carpenter the second floor lintel , between the lally . jim oh . oh , the lintel between the lally ? carpenter yeah . from the blueprint you can not tell . you want they should be rabbete ? Jim throw a brief look at muriel who be regard he skeptically . jim un -- umm . no , I guess not . carpenter okay , you be the doctor . ( call ) hey , fella , you get any of they rabbete lintel set , rip them out ! after the sheerest pause there come a shriek of nail brutally withdraw from timber , a loud splintering of wood and then something of the appearance of entrail come hurtle down end over end landing with a dusty slap at Jim 's foot . the carpenter exit . muriel give Jim a accuse look . jim ( sheepishly ) it sound less ... expensive to say no . there be another loud screech and more " entrail " come hurtle down , narrowly miss they . muriel yell in the direction from which they come . muriel stop it ! stop it ! from upstairs come a long , shrill whistle . instantly all sound of activity cease and a voice be hear . voice okay , fella , let 's quit ! jim ( to muriel ) now look what you have do . as muriel turn with apprehension , eighteen workmen come trooping down the stair . jim ( conciliatory ) look , man , Mrs. blanding do not mean anything . ( the workmen regard he curiously ) I mean , there 's no point in walk off a job just because ... a woman make a silly little remark . workman it 's Saturday , mister . we quit at twelve o'clock . this be not a chain gang , you know . as the workmen exit the blanding look at each other a little sheepishly , start up the stair . crane shot - as the blanding go up the stair crane shot - as the blanding go up the stair . muriel I be just sick . from the outside this house look like a grain elevator , and on the inside everything 's mile too small . as they reach the second floor landing , we hear , o.s. a steady but muffle pound . they stop as they hear the thumping . muriel what 's that ? jim what 's what ? muriel that noise -- listen . ( again the thumping ) it 's come from the closet ! they rush to the closet , open the heavy oak door . Bill be inside , lean disgustedly against the wall . jim what happen ? bill the door blow shut . I get lock in . jim impossible . I have this closet build especially for myself . the lock open from the inside . bill maybe for houdini -- not for I . as Bill start to step out , Jim detain he . jim nothing to it . a child could work it . look , I will show you . he step inside with Bill , firmly close the door . a moment 's pause . the door re-open . jim ( condescendingly ) you see , it just take a little good old yankee know -how . muriel you know , dear , it 's just possible the lock work for you and not for Bill . jim ridiculous . even you could do it . muriel ( sarcastic ) thank you . jim come on , I will show you . he usher muriel inside and the door close on the threesome . the camera remains on the close door . jim' voice go ahead , dear , just open it . the knob turn , jiggle a little , but the door remain close . muriel voice I do not seem to be able to --- jim' voice here , let I show you ! you just take the knob and turn it clockwise . a efficient clockwise turn of the knob . pause . a impatient doubletwist of the knob . pause . a more forceful rattling of the knob , plus a slight kick . a furious rattling , pound and kick . the door remain close . int . the closet as Jim turn sheepishly : bill nothing like that good old yankee know -how . Jim turn back to the door , pound on it , yell : jim hey ! hey ! somebody let we out of here ! silence . muriel be at the shoulder- high circular frame solid glass window . she look out . muriel oh , dear . Jim and Bill look out . what they see - the last of the workmen' car what they see - the last of the workmen 's car drive away . int . closet bill ( drily ) leave a call for seven o'clock . ( afterthought ) Monday morning . Jim give he a look , turn back to the window , size up a escape , start mutter to himself . jim if I could just get over to that scaffold ... he test the window frame , find it solid . jim ( still mutter ) seem a shame but I guess it 's the only way ... Jim pick up a piece of tar paper . muriel what be you go to do ? jim do not get panicky , I will get you out of here . ( hand tar paper to Bill ) here , hold this over the window . as Bill somewhat skeptically comply , Jim pick up a piece of two - by-four . jim stand back , muriel . Jim raise the plank , take a stance . jim ( to Bill ) ready ? bill Roger . Jim swing ; the window shatter . almost simultaneously there be a click and the door to the closet swing open . as Jim turn with a sense of accomplishment , he face fall as he and the other see that the erratic door have open . muriel ( sweetly ) in case of emergency -- break glass . come on , Bill . as muriel and Bill precede Jim out of the closet and down the stair , Jim pause , speculatively toy with the lock . jim ( mutter ) funny ... always work before . huh. I wonder ... int . foyer - stairway muriel and Bill walk down the stair . from upstairs come a steady sullen pound from the interior of the closet . without a word , they stop , look at each other , turn and walk back upstairs . dissolve int . the blanding ' breakfast NOOK - day muriel and the child be have breakfast . Jim enter , in fairly high spirit , once again improvise to " Home on the Range . " jim ( as he sit down ) " Home , home in Connecticut -- where you have to conform to local tradition , custom , politics and etiquette ... " ( pick up he morning mail , start to thumb through it ) joan dad , do you suppose I could have a chemistry lab in the basement ? jim ( preoccupy with mail ) sure , why not ? betsy I think it 's awful . smell up the house with that horrible chemical . muriel never mind , betsy . ( to Jim ) dear , I be go up to the place this afternoon to see about landscape . Bill 's drive I . jim ( preoccupy ) that 's nice . ( look up ; darkly ) what do you mean , Bill 's drive you ? muriel ( a little annoyed ) why do you always say , " what do you mean , " when you know perfectly well what I mean and what you mean ? jim I mean that every time I turn my back Bill Cole 's drive you some place or something . muriel he 's only be helpful . jim ( annoyed ; tear open a letter ) I think he be a lawyer ! why be not he out suing somebody ? joan bicker , bicker , bicker . muriel ( to Joan ) another word and you do not get you laboratory . betsy well , that 's something ! Jim suddenly explode , crumpling a letter he have just read . jim we will just see about that ! muriel ( concerned ) what be it , dear ? ignoring she , he reach for the phone , start to dial . muriel Jim , what 's the matter ? jim ( into phone ; sharply ) Mr. William Cole , please . ( pause ; then with rise emotion ) hello , Bill ? I want you to fight this thing ! I know my rights as a citizen ! they can not get away with it !... what do you mean , what be I talk about ? the letter , of course . from the owner of this building . they want we to move ! it 's a thirty day notice ! ( listen a moment ) but that 's ridiculous . how can I move into a house that be not even finish ?! no window , no plaster -- or paint , or -- or plumbing ! ( listen a moment ; then with rise emotion ) now you listen to I ! I have no intention of move in thirty day ! this be not legal ! I be go to fight this thing ! and I do not care if it take every penny I have get ! ( listen ) yeah ... yeah ... yeah ... all right ! ( hang up ) muriel ( expectantly ) ... well ? jim ( quietly ) we be move in thirty day . on muriel 's reaction : dissolve ext . road and cover bridge - day two move van be approach the bridge . behind they be the blanding ' convertible . in it be Jim , muriel and the child . behind it and attach be a trailer . after a pause , over this , we hear : bill voice so-came thirty day -- and they move . mo . close shot - entrance to bridge . mo . close shot - entrance to bridge . as the cavalcade pass through we see in the rear of the trailer , jamme among the household effect , gussie and a very uncomfortable Mr. Bill Cole . bill voice I mean -- we move . other end of bridge and fork the move van precede the convertible , make the wrong turn . Jim stop the convertible at the fork and honk as he impatiently gesture to the driver to turn in the opposite direction . over this : bill voice ( as Jim would say it ) that 's the wrong road ! any fool know that ! Jim start he car up lead the way . dissolve ext . road at the house - day the move van turn up the new gravel driveway . Jim stop he car and they all look off at the house , react with pleasant surprise . what they see - long shot - the house be rapidly nearing completion . what they see - long shot - the house be rapidly near completion . a half dozen man be finish the exterior painting , plane down door , etc . in front , a couple of man from the nursery be work on the landscape . for the first time we , as well as the blanding , see the property as a clean , bright and very attractive new house . bill voice well , there she be , bright and shine -- and just about complete -- the residence of Mr. and Mrs. James H. blanding . int . the car - day moving shot - Jim and muriel be visibly affect by the sight of they dream House . they exchange a warm intimate smile . bill voice not bad at that . ext . the front of the house - day mo . shot . the car pull up , stop . bill voice ( efficient scoutmaster ) all right ! -- everybody out . everybody pile out of the car . as Jim and muriel walk toward the house away from we and Bill , muriel sentimentally reach out , take Jim 's hand . bill voice guess you can not blame they for feel just a little bit proud . at the door , Jim stop , indicate that he would like to carry muriel across the threshold . bill voice ( sentimentally ) look -- he want to carry he wife across the threshold . romantic , be not it ? joan and betsy . Joan and betsy . they look on with distinct adolescent disapproval . bill voice ooops ! I guess I mean " corny . " group shot . over muriel playful protest group shot . over muriel 's playful protest , Jim start to pick she up . bill voice uh-uh . watch that sacroiliac . Fifteen year since you have do this sort of thing . Jim manage to lift muriel . bill voice whew ! Nice work , tarzan . now , let 's see if you can make it into the hall . Jim carry muriel over the threshold and into the foyer . bill voice that 's right . go right in . do not pay any attention to the sign . the camera pan to a low shot of a sign on the floor of the foyer . it read : wet varnish full shot - foyer . full shot - foyer . in the b.g. be a painter , varnish the floor . he look up in complete dismay as he see he newly varnish floor be violate . after a couple of step , Jim stop , suddenly aware of the painter . the painter rise , throw down he brush , say something caustic . bill voice ( imitate painter ) do not mind I , buddy , I just get through varnish that floor . Jim react , raise a tentative foot , the sticky varnish practically hold it to the floor . Jim say something . bill voice whose bright idea be this ? the painter say something , point at muriel . Jim look darkly and accusingly at muriel whose weak smile be a admission of guilt . bill voice she just want everything to be nice and shiny on the day they move in . Jim turn and shout something to the painter . bill voice stop painting that floor and put some plank down in here , or some thing ! the painter shout back . bill voice okay , mister , but take it easy . the Republicans be not in yet , you know . Jim react , turn and walk back out of the foyer , desperately try to match he clearly outline income footstep . each step be outline by strand of thick sticky varnish . ext . the front door of the house - day as Jim appear , still carry muriel , betsy and Joan catch he attention , indicate the front wall of the house which be complete except for the window . Jim react . bill voice oh , fine ! a house without window ! we will just see about that ! abruptly hand muriel to Bill he start off . ahead of he and unnotice be a layer of newspaper which have be spread out . bill voice look out for that papers ! but Jim have step on the papers . they stick to he foot . after a few step he be aware of it , try to get rid of they . after a few hectic but futile attempt , he disgustedly disappear around a corner of the house , the newspaper flap behind he . ext . side of house - day Jim flap he way up to a workman who be stare at a pile of window casement . jim where 's simm ? workman around back try to figure out what to do about they window . jim what 's the problem ? you put window up . workman not this . they do not fit . jim ( angrily ; control go ) oh , they do not , do not they ? he continue on toward the back of the house , the newspaper flap beneath he . ext . rear of house - day simm and retch . more window frame be neatly stack against the wall . simm and retch react as they see a angry Jim blanding flap he way into scene , he varnish shoe have pick up additional paper , shaving , shingles , etc . retch hand Jim a sheaf of papers . retch oh , Mr. blanding , you would better look this over . jim what 's this about the window ? simm ( calmly ) I be afraid there 's a little slip-up . this window seem to belong to a Mr. landing in fishkill , New York . I talk to Mr. landing this morning . jim well , have he get mine ? simm no , he seem to have some window that belong to a Mr. blandsworth of peekskill . jim where be my window ?! simm as near as we can figure out they have either be send to a Mr. benton in Evanston , Illinois , or a Mr. bamberger of Phoenix , Arizona . Bill wander into scene , look over Jim 's shoulder . jim what be we suppose to do -- live the rest of we life in a house without window ? simm it will just be a matter of a few day . bill what 's a " Zuz - Zuz Water Soft - N -r " ? jim how should I know ? bill ( indicate ) you have get one . jim ( read from bill ) " furnish and install one Zuz- Zuz Water Soft -n-r , two hundred and eighty dollar ! " ( explosively ) I will not have any such piece of equipment in my house ! simm I be afraid I authorize that , Mr. blanding -- to save you boiler and water pipe . jim from what ?! simm rust . the plumbing man assure we the water from you well be the most corrosive in he entire experience in the trade . bill another first ! jim ( pursing he lip ) mm. ( irritably ) well , if it 's necessary , put it in ! we be move in today , you know and -- retch it 's in . jim oh. ( a final show of authority ; sharply ) then get I the bill for it ! bill ( indicate bill ) you have get it . jim all right then . and he stalk off , he papers , shaving , etc. flap behind he . dissolve ext . the house - late afternoon the move van be drive away . int . the foyer - late afternoon a general flurry of activity ; gussie and several workmen carry furniture upstairs , unpack barrel , etc . muriel , list and sample in hand , be explain she color scheme to Mr. pedelford , a polite , cigar -smoke , noncommittal boss painter . in the b.g. , casually lean on the bannister be pedelford 's taciturn and somewhat skeptical - look assistant . muriel now I want the live room to be a soft green . ( pedelford nod ) not quite as bluish as a robin 's egg , but yet not as yellow as daffodil bud . pedelford mm. muriel ( hand he a sample ) the best sample I could get be a little too yellow , but do not let whoever mix it go to the other extreme and get it too blue . it should just be sort of a grayish yellow green . pedelford ( make a note ) mm-hmm . they turn to the dining room . muriel now the dining room I would like yellow . not just yellow , a very gay yellow . pedelford mm-hmm . muriel something bright and sunshiny . ( sudden inspiration ) I tell you , Mr. pedelford , if you will just send one of you workmen to the a&amp ; p for a pound of they best butter and match it exactly , you can not go wrong . pedelford ( make a note ) mm. muriel this be the paper we be go to use here in the foyer . ( hand sample to he ) it 's flower but I do not want the ceiling to match any of the color of the flower . there be some little dot in the background , and it 's this dot I want you to match . not the little greenish dot near the hollyhock leaf , but the little bluish dot between the rosebud and the delphinium blossom . be that clear ? pedelford look carefully at the sample , then : pedelford ( make note ) mm-hmm . muriel the kitchen 's to be white . not a cold , antiseptic hospital white -- a little warmer but not to suggest any other color but white . pedelford ( note ) mm. muriel now for the powder room , I want you to match this thread . ( hand he thread ) you can see it 's practically a apple red . somewhere between a healthy winesap and a unripen Jonathan . pedelford ( make note ) mm. there be a crash from the kitchen . muriel will you excuse I ? muriel hastily exit toward the kitchen . pedelford turn to he assistant . pedelford get it , Charlie ? charlie ( deadpan ; indicate room with he thumb ) Green , yellow , blue , white , red . pedelford check . dissolve int . pantry - off kitchen - day Joan be on a stepladder help gussie put away some dish . remains of two break plate be on the floor below they . muriel Joan , you know father be to take care of the heavy dish . joan he disappear . I have not see he for a hour . betsy fly into the room wave a railroad timetable . betsy where 's uncle Bill ? I just check the timetable -- he 's go to miss he train . muriel if they have run off somewhere it certainly be not very -- ( suddenly stop , listen ) from upstairs come the SOUND of a steady , methodical thumping of a hand on a solid oak door . muriel heavens ! she rush for the door . quick dissolve upstair landing muriel open the closet door revealing Jim and Bill , who have be lock in the closet for the last hour . each lean against the wall , arm fold , in a attitude of boredom and disgust . without a word Jim and Bill exit from the closet . the three start down the stair . jim ( darkly ) I think you be go to take care of it . muriel I think you be . betsy ( from below ) you be go to miss you train , uncle Bill ! it leave lansdale in twenty - five minute . bill be not there a later one ? betsy not till the commuter 's special tomorrow morning at six - fifteen . jim you mean seven-fifteen . betsy no , dad , six - fifteen . jim what about the seven-fifteen I be suppose to take to the office every morning ?! betsy ( consulting timetable ) there 's a little asterisk . the seven - fifteen only run Saturday , Sunday and holiday . jim ( take timetable ) let I see that ! ( scan table , tightlipped ) muriel ! muriel oh , dear , do not tell I I read it wrong . jim that 's fine ! for the rest of my life I be go to have to get up at five o'clock in the morning to catch the six - fifteen , to get to my office by eight , which do not even open until nine -- and which I never get to until ten ! muriel perhaps if you start earlier you could quit earlier . jim ( sharply ) so I could get home earlier to go to bed earlier to get up earlier ! bill maybe you can have the railroad push the train up to four-fifteen -- then you will not have to go to bed at all ! betsy uncle Bill , you be go to miss you train ! muriel Jim , you clean up this mess . I will drive Bill to the station and pick up some cold cut for dinner . betsy and Joan pick up some box and walk into the dining room . betsy you would better hurry ! bill ( indicate upstairs closet ) kind of hate to leave that little place . just four wall and a couple of mothball , but to I it will always be home . jim ( preoccupy with timetable ) so long , Bill . Bill and muriel exit . int . the dine room as Jim drift in , still preoccupy with timetable : joan it 's certainly go to be fun this summer when uncle Bill come up for he vacation . betsy we will get in a lot of double . jim hmm ? ( look up from timetable ) what be you talk about ? Bill 's go to Europe . betsy no , he 's not . I hear he and mother talk . he 's go to move he vacation up and take a place in lansdale . jim ( vaguely annoyed ) uh-huh ... mm-hm . mm-hm ... uh-huh. ( then , cover up ) all right , come on , come on . get busy . dissolve int . the blanding ' car - ( process ) even be beginning to fall as muriel drive Bill into town . muriel I will scout around and find you a place in lansdale . ( quickly ) now , you be not go to change you mind about come up ? bill do not worry , I will be on the job . muriel it will not be easy . I promise you a cook 's tour of every lamp maker , rug weaver , and antique shop in lansdale County . bill ( philosophically ) when I marry you two I suppose I take you for better or for worse . muriel smile warmly , and in a friendly gesture reach over and pat he hand . muriel good old uncle Bill . bill ( drily ) good old uncle Bill . as they exchange a understanding smile : dissolve int . the blanding ' live room - night it be dark outside and get quite chilly . the child be unpack a last barrel . they have make a rather unsteady pile of book and box , obviously muriel 's personal effect . Jim be in the process of try to start he first fire in the fireplace . the immediate result be a clouding of the room with smoke . as he back away , cough , he bump into the pile which fall to the floor spilling open a box which contain , among other thing , muriel 's diary and a lifetime accumulation of sentimental trinket . jim now look what you have do ! betsy cough she way to the fireplace , turn the flue handle . the smoke immediately go up the chimney and the room start to clear . betsy Father , the first principle of lighting a fire be to see if the flue be open . a three - year- old child know that . jim next time we want a fire I will send out for a three - year - old child ! ( indicate trinket ) get that stuff clean up and go in and help gussie set the table . it 's get late . the child start gather up the debris . Joan pick up some trinket which have spill from a cardboard box . joan look , dad , you fraternity pin . jim ( busy clean the fireplace ) pin ? I only have one . joan there be two of they here . jim all right , all right . just put they away . joan ( examine they ) funny , this one say w.c. on the back . w.c.? ( brightly ) William Cole ! it must be uncle Bill 's ! jim huh ? ( reach for it ) let I see that . ( examine pin ) hmmmm . betsy have pick up a small leather - bound book . she whistle . joan what 's that ? betsy mother 's diary when she be in college . it 's slightly torrid . joan ( come over ) let 's see . jim ( sharply ) that 's none of you business ! betsy ( scan page ) I would say mother and uncle Bill be somewhat of a item ! jim ( take book from betsy ) people do not read other people 's diary ! it 's not a very nice thing to do ! ( shoot they out ) now go in there and help gussie with the table . betsy ( indicate debris ) what about --? jim I will take care of that . now , shoo , shoo . the child exit . Jim be about to put down the diary when he curiosity get the better of he . make sure he 's unobserve , he sit down on a box , open the book , start to read . as he brow wrinkle with concern : dissolve ext . the house - night the wind be howling , the tree sway . the light be on in the kitchen . camera move up to the open kitchen window . int . the kitchen - night the family , in overcoat , be huddle around the kitchen table finish dinner . gussie , in overcoat and muffler , be clear the dish away . Jim , a sober look on he face , rise , take a steaming kettle from the stove . muriel where be you go ? jim to shave . muriel tonight ?? jim while I can still trust myself with a razor . at six o'clock in the morning I would probably cut my throat . goodnight . Jim abruptly exit . muriel look after he with concern . dissolve int . the blanding ' bathroom - night Jim , in he pajamas and overcoat be shave . after a few moment muriel , in she nightgown and overcoat , enter the scene . muriel Excuse ... she take she toothbrush and open the cabinet , Jim automatically move around back of it in they previously establish pattern . as muriel put the paste on she brush , replace the tube , shut the cabinet and start to brush she tooth , Jim uncomfortably move back to he original position . muriel Excuse ... jim muriel , do you have to do that now ?! muriel there 's no need to be so irritable just because you have to shave at night . jim I be not irritable ! muriel well , you be certainly something ! you have not say a civil word all evening . jim sometimes a man do not feel like talk . muriel ( solicitously ) what be it , dear ? something down at the office ? jim no. muriel have you get the new slogan for " wham " ? jim it 's not due yet ! muriel well , it 's something . you be certainly upset about something . I can always tell . jim I be not upset . ( go back to shave ; with study unconcern ) it 's just that I do not happen to approve of falsehood and deception . particularly in my own wife . muriel what be you talk about ? jim ( same ) oh , nothing . it 's just that I distinctly remember you tell I you give back Bill 's fraternity pin fifteen year ago . muriel look at he , puzzle . jim well , do you or do not you ? muriel do I , or do not I what ? jim give it back to he . muriel of course I do . if I say I do , I do . jim ( suddenly Sam spade ) then perhaps you would have the goodness to explain how this happen to fall out of you jewel box ? he take the pin out of he pocket and hand it to she . muriel take the pin , look at it sentimentally . suddenly she look at Jim and burst out laugh . jim what 's so funny ? muriel you ! you be jealous ! you be stand there with you face full of soap and you be jealous . jim ( angrily ) if you be so crazy about the guy , why do not you marry he ?! muriel ( beginning to be a little angry ) because I be not in love with he ! jim ( vindictively ) that 's not what you say in you diary ! muriel ( now really angry ) oh , now you have be read my diary ! jim ( a little guilty ) well -- it happen to fall open and ... I ... happen to look at it . it ... just happen . muriel I will just bet ! jim it 's all over the book so why do not you admit it ? you be in love with Bill Cole ! muriel do not be absurd ! of course I be in love with Bill . in that day I be in love with a new man every week . jim then why do you marry I ? muriel I be beginning to wonder ! ( explode ) maybe it be that big cow eye of yours or that ridiculous hole in you chin ! maybe I know that some day you would bring I out to this thirty - eight thousand dollar icebox with a dry - up trout stream and no window ! or maybe I just happen to fall in love with you -- but for heaven 's sake , do not ask I why ! muriel stalk out of the bathroom . Jim look after she , thoughtfully start to dry he face . int . the bedroom Jim enter . muriel stand with she back to he angrily wind the clock . Jim noisily clear he throat . no reaction . jim ( tentatively ) ... muriel ? no reaction . jim ... honey ? no reaction . jim would it do any good to say I be sorry ? muriel I do not know . Jim gently turn she around face he . jim well -- I be . I act like a schoolboy and I be sorry . muriel look at Jim . finally she smile . muriel oh , Jim ! she go into he arm and they kiss intimately . as they lip part : muriel ( dreamily ) why do not you take the soap out of you ear ? jim ( same ) why do I love you so much ? Jim again kiss she tenderly , warmly . muriel ( breathless ) darling , it 's awfully late . Jim kiss she again , a little more ardently . muriel ( same ) maybe you ought to go down and lock the door . jim ( kissing she ear ) what for ? the window be all open anyway . muriel ( as he start to kiss she again ) Jim , you have to get up at six o'clock . jim ( consider ; logic prevail ; brief sigh ) yes , I guess so . muriel ( reluctantly ) goodnight , dear . jim ( same ) goodnight . each get into he own bed , still wear the overcoat . dissolve insert jim' cost chart - the house now waver at $ 37,000 . as Jim and muriel still try to stem the tide , the group that be push the house ever upward include all of the previous people connect with the house and -- in addition -- plumber , painter , landscape gardener , etc . over this , and across the scene flutter more bill , more extras . bill voice and so the day sped by -- and the bill -- and the extras -- and as the house approach forty thousand dollar , Jim approach he deadline for the new slogan . it be almost a photo finish . dissolve ext . radio CITY - night ( stock ) it be raining . the light be on in the building . int . jim' office - night Mary be attend to some detail work as the door open and Jim enter , disturb . Mary look at he questioningly . jim you would better send out for coffee and sandwich , ... it look like a all night session . mary ( concerned ) what do he say ? jim ( wearily , seating himself at desk ) tomorrow morning . mary ( sigh ) well , I guess you will just have to dream something up -- good or bad . jim I rather get the impression it have better be good . mary ( raise eyebrow ) oh. he pick up a pencil , nibble on it thoughtfully . the silence in the room be break only by the patter of raindrop on the window . it strike a note in Jim 's subconscious . he swivel around in he chair and stare soberly out the window . jim ( ruminatively , almost to himself ) funny how you look forward to the little thing . rain , for instance . Mary look at he curiously . he turn to she . jim for a month now , I guess I have be look forward to the first rainy night at the house . ( look at muriel 's picture ) Big blaze fire . muriel knitting . I in my new smoking jacket ... with my pipe and slipper , read my paper ... ( sigh ) oh , well . as he start to work . dissolve int . the blanding ' live room - night note : the house be paint and almost completely furnish . a hard rain beat on the window . there be a blaze fire in the fireplace . muriel , in a warm bathrobe , sit near it , comfortably knitting . in fact , the scene be exactly the one Jim have just describe , except that the man with slipper , pipe and smoking jacket , read the paper , be Bill Cole . near the fire , Bill 's rain - drench jacket , shirt and shoe be hang up to dry . the cozy tranquillity be break by a sharp ringing of the front doorbell . muriel ( with relief ) thank heaven ! the child . bill ( rise ) stay put . you look too comfortable . the camera follows Bill to the front door . he open it . a man in raincoat and boot stand there in the pour , drive rain . the man enter as Bill struggle to get the door shut against the wind . mr. jone whew ! what a night ! I be Jones , from down the road . just come over to tell you you kid be all right , Mr. blanding . bill oh , I be not Mr. blanding . Cole 's the name , Bill Cole . he see Jones ' doubtful look at the smoking jacket , feel a explanation be necessary . bill friend of the family . wet clothes . just come in out of the rain . muriel walk into scene . Jones take in the bathrobe , again look skeptically at Bill . muriel I be Mrs. blanding . jone how do . Mrs. Williams just call . say you phone 's out of order . want I to tell you the water 's rise and they have get the bridge roped off . Girls will spend the night over at she place . muriel thank you . I be beginning to get concerned . can I make you a cup of tea ? jone no , thanks . better be gettin ' back ' fore I have to swim for it . ' night , Mrs. blanding . ( to Bill ) ' night , Mr. bl -- bill ( weak smile ) cole. Bill Cole . friend of the family . just come in out of the rain . jone ( uncertainly ) well -- ' night . muriel goodnight ... and thanks so much . the door be open with a terrific swirl of wind and rain . Jones exit as muriel and Bill push the door against the wind , finally get it shut . bill that 's fine . no bridge . how do I get back to lansdale ? muriel ( simply ) you will just have to spend the night right here . as they start back into the live room : bill muriel , really ! with you husband in New York and you child away -- think of my reputation . muriel ( smile ) do not worry , snow White , you will be as pure and unsully in the morning as you be the night before . bill ( with resignation ) that 's the story of my life . muriel poke the die fire , look up thoughtfully . muriel poor Jim , he sound so worried before . I certainly hope he come up with something . bill do not worry about the man who give the world " when you have get the whim , say wham ! " -- this well will never run dry . slow dissolve int . jim' office - early morning the camera come in on a package of cigarettes . a finger impatiently rip open what be leave of the package , disclose that it be empty . the angle widen to reveal a tired , dishevel Jim . disgust , he fish the most likely butt from a tray litter with they . with considerable difficulty he manage to light it , only to burn he nose . impatiently stamp out the butt he rise , stretch , walk to the window , pull up the shade . early morning sunlight flood the room . he turn off a stand lamp , look thoughtfully out the window , suddenly get a idea . turn , he snap he finger . Mary , who be asleep on the desk , she head rest on she elbow , raise she head , open a sleepy eye . jim ( sell ; a note of desperation in he voice ) " compare the price , compare the slice , take we advice -- buy wham ! " Mary critically shake she head " no " , close she eye . Jim wearily throw himself down on the couch , absently toy with he already loosen tie . he pull it up over he nose , throw the balance over the top of he head . suddenly he react , snap he finger . Mary open a sleepy eye . jim " if you would buy better ham . you would better buy wham ! " mary it 's boyle Petroleum . " if you would buy better oil , you would better buy boyle . " her eye close . Jim sink back with defeat , he hand drop over the edge of the couch . it encounter a crumpled piece of paper , earlier work . he smoothes the paper , scan it , kind of like it . he get up , come over , snap finger . Mary look up . jim " this little pig go to market as meek and as mild as a lamb . he smile in he track when they slip he the axe he know he would turn out to be wham ! " a long silent look pass between they . jim ( quietly ) " ... know he would turn out to be wham ! " he suddenly and angrily gather all he papers , slam they into the wastebasket . jim ( rise panic ) it 's go ! I have lose my touch ! maybe I never have a touch ! maybe " whim say wham " be a accident ! who know ? I can not think any more ! all I have get on my mind be a house with a eighteen thousand dollar mortgage , and bill , and extras , and antique , and -- and -- ( deject ) I do not know ... I do not know . Mary look at he sympathetically , do not quite know what to say . as the camera move to a close shot of the emotionally distraught Jim , he eye go to a large photograph on he desk of muriel and the child . he pick it up , look at it with affection . suddenly he get a idea . rising with determination he put on he coat and start for the door . mary ( startle ) where be you go ? jim Home , to get some sleep -- and I would advise you to do the same . mary but -- but you have not -- jim suppose I have not ! this be not the only job in town ! mary but -- but -- what will I tell Mr. dascomb ? jim ( sharply ) you just tell he to -- to -- ( with finality ) you just tell he ! he exit . dissolve ext . the blanding ' home - day it be a especially beautiful , sunshiny morning . a rural - look taxi deposit a weary Jim , who pay the driver . as the cab drive off , Jim look speculatively at simm ' car , which be park there , yawn , stretch , open the door and enter . under this a slightly sour underscore of " Home on the Range . " int . blanding live room - day as Jim come into the foyer , he see muriel , in nightgown and robe , talk to Mr. simm . she hold the roll - up volume of blueprint that go into building the house . jim ' Morning , dear . muriel ( go to he ; solicitously ) darling , you must be exhaust . how do it go ? jim Fine . Fine . they kiss . muriel ( obliquely ) be ... everything all right ? jim ( unenthusiastic ) everything 's fine . ( still in embrace ; look up ) hello , simm , what bring you out with the morning dew ? simm just drop by to check the blueprint . some extras come in from retch this morning and there be a couple of thing I think we ought to go over together . jim ( arm still around muriel ; unconcern ) really . what be they ? simm well , let 's see . ( thumbing through sheet ) few little thing here , all right , I guess . " mortising five butt -- a dollar sixty - eight . " jim let 's not quibble about that . a man 's entitle to mortise a few butt now and then . simm ( next sheet ) extra nail and screw -- three dollar , eighty - nine cent . jim petty larceny , but let he get away with it . simm now there 's one here I frankly do not understand . ah , here we be . ( read ) " change in closet , twelve hundred and forty - seven dollar . " do you authorize that ? jim well , we probably tell he to -- ( reacting ) twelve hundred and what ?! simm forty -seven dollar . change in closet . ( hand bill to Jim ) jim ( explosively ) who do he think we be ! ( look at bill ; very businesslike ) what 's this notation : " refer to detail sheet number one thirty - five ? " simm ( indicate blueprint ) Far as I remember , that would be something in the back of the house . let 's just take a look . as he unroll the blueprint , Jim look suspiciously at muriel . she seem a little nervous . simm ah , here we be . it be not a closet at all . it 's off the back pantry ... Mrs. blanding ' little flower sink . jim oh ... Mrs. blanding ' little flower sink . simm ( to muriel ) you do not authorize any change , do you ? muriel ( defensively ) well ... they certainly be not change . jim what -- have -- you -- do ? muriel ( speak rapidly a little confuse ) I have not do anything ! and what I do be ... just nothing at all . jim what -- have -- you -- do ?! muriel well -- ( rattling off ) all I do be one day I see four piece of flagstone leave over from the porch that be just go to be throw away because nobody want they and I ask Mr. retch if he would not just put they down on the floor of the flower sink and poke a little cement between the crack and give I a nice stone floor where it might be wet with flower and thing . that be absolutely all I do . during the above speech simm sink into a chair , put he head in he hand and close he eye , a fact that be not lose on Jim . jim that 's all you do ? muriel absolutely . just four little piece of flagstone . simm ( to muriel ; wearily ) do you by any chance authorize a drain ? muriel ( verge of tear ) of course I do not . all I say be I want a nice stone floor and Mr. retch be just as nice as could be and say , " you be the doctor , " and that 's all anybody ever say to anybody about anything . Jim take a deep breath , turn to simm . jim ... well ? simm ( sigh ; plunging in ) all right , I think I can tell you what happen . first , the carpenter have to rip up the flooring that be already laid . that plank run under the whole width of the pantry , so retch have to knock the bottom out of the pantry wall to get at they . jim and muriel Jim and muriel - Jim look at muriel as though he be premeditate first - degree murder . she avert he gaze . over this : simm ' voice then he have to chop out the top of the joist under the flower sink space to make room for a cradle . I guess he buy some iron strap and fastened they to a big pan to give he something to hold the cement . what with that add load on the weaken joist , I will bet he have to put a lally column down there for support , too . muriel it be just four little piece of flagstone , and I only --- jim quiet ! group shot - during the following speech group shot - during the follow speech we see Bill Cole , in Jim 's pajamas and robe come down the stair and enter the room . Jim and muriel be not aware of he presence . simm well , the main soil pipe run under there on wall bracket , so retch have to get he plumbing man back to take out a section so he could get that cradle set . I guess that mean he have to change the pitch of the soil pipe from one end of the house to the other . ( look up ) ' Morning , Mr. Cole . bill ' Morning . hello , Jim . jim ( turn ) hello , Bill . Jim turn away , react , suddenly turn back to Bill , take in the pajamas and robe . a little shocked but unwilling to believe the implication of what he see , he look to muriel for a explanation . muriel ( lamely ) the bridge be roped off and Bill have to stay last night . jim ... oh . bill ( cheerily ) slept like a rock . jim I be delighted . Jim look at Bill , then back at muriel . simm ( clear he throat ) and then , of course , there be hot and cold water pipe hook to the joist right under that pantry . they go up to the wing bathroom on the second floor , and I will bet my bottom dollar he have to relocate they . three shot - jim , muriel and bill . three shot - Jim , muriel and Bill . Jim turn to listen but find himself look speculatively at muriel and Bill . simm ' voice and I guess the electrician have to rip out about sixty foot of armored cable between the main panel and the junction box by the oil burner , include the two hundred twenty volt cable that go to the stove . full shot - gussie appear in the doorway full shot - gussie appear in the doorway in raincoat , carry umbrella . gussie ' Morning , everybody . whew ! what a night ! jim where have you be ? gussie lansdale . could not get back across the bridge . jim you ... be not here last night ? gussie they be not let anybody across that bridge , Mr. blanding . ( to muriel ) I pass the girl over at the Williams . they will be along any minute . as Jim react : muriel ( quickly ) thank you , gussie . you would better get breakfast start . as gussie exit , muriel turn to simm . muriel where be we ? bill we be at the two hundred twenty volt cable that go to the stove . jim just a minute . ( look at Bill , then at muriel ) you mean the child be not here last night either ? muriel how could they be , dear ? the bridge be close . jim I just come across it . muriel well , it be close last night . jim ( pointedly ) it 's open now ! embarrass pause . bill ( attempt at breeziness ) if you will all excuse I -- I -- I think I will just go up and slip into something a little more comfortable . Bill exit . another pause . simm , aware of the tension , want to get out of there . simm ( rapidly ) well , that 's about the size of it -- through simm ' speech , Jim look darkly at muriel . simm -- except that retch have to repair the pantry wall and that mean get a plasterer back . and of course , he could not have break through that wall -- jim all right , simm , all right . we will take care of it . simm ( prepare to exit ) I will admit it 's a little steep . but I will try to get retch to knock a hundred dollar off the bill . if I can not get that , I will certainly try for seventy - five . jim Fine . simm if he do not go for seventy - five , I will take a stab at fifty . jim you do that . simm ( at the door ) anyway , I be almost sure we can get twenty - five . there be no answer . simm ( lamely ) well. good day . he leave . there be a deadly pause . muriel ( carefully ) now dear , you be upset , you have get a lot of thing on you mind -- jim ( with dangerous calm ) muriel , there 's only one thing on my mind -- this house -- and how fast we can get rid of it ! muriel that 's not what you be think . jim maybe it 's not . maybe I be think I be once a happy man ! ( the martyr ) I do not have a closet , I do not have three bathroom , but I do have my sanity , a few dollar in the bank , two child who love I and a wife I could trust ! muriel that 's a fine thing to say ! jim I also have a job at danton and bascomb , something I do not happen to have at the moment ! muriel Jim ! jim that 's right , I have resign ! we be start all over again ! from scratch ! and without this house ! muriel ( near tear ) you love this house ! jim I hate it ! in the b.g. Mr. tesander enter , cap in hand , stand there , nervous and embarrassed . muriel you do not mean that . jim every word of it ! anybody who build a house today be crazy ! the minute you start , they put you on the list . the all - american sucker list ! everywhere you turn they have get a hand in you pocket . if you take out they hand , they find more pocket ! ( explosively ) it 's a conspiracy , I tell you , a conspiracy against every man and woman who want a home of they own ! against every boy and girl who be ever in love ! tesander clear he throat . Jim turn . jim ( sharply ) what do you want ?! a slight embarrassed pause . then : tesander ( shyly ) well , Mr. blanding , there 's a matter of twelve dollar and eighty - six cent . jim ( with a wild gleam ) twelve dollar and eighty - six cent ! why be a piker , Mr. tesander ? ( empty pocket ) take everything I have get ! spread it out among you pal ! ( advance toward the bewilder tesander ) would not retch like a little something ? maybe Zucca could use my new dinner jacket ? it 's open house , Mr. tesander ! help yourself ! if this be not enough I will come over to you place and do some odd chore . maybe I can mow you lawn or scratch you back ! tesander ( simply ) you do not understand , Mr. blanding . this twelve dollar and eighty - six cent -- you do not owe I , I owe you . there be a momentary pause . jim ... w- what be that ? tesander ( take out money ) found I overcharge you . almost three foot . he hand the money to Jim , who stare at it blankly . tesander better count it . I think it 's all there . Jim look haplessly at muriel , sheepish , guilty . muriel thank you very much , Mr. tesander . tesander well , I guess I would better be gettin ' along . ( look around ) sure get a pretty place here . ( at door ; pause ; look back ) I will tell Mr. Zucca about the dinner jacket . Jim and muriel look at each other a little sheepishly . int . the foyer as tesander be about to exit , Bill , dress , start down the stair . bill oh , Mr. tesander -- could you give I a lift to town ? tesander yep . bill be right with you . int . live room muriel ( concerned ) what do you mean before about lose you job ? will we really have to sell the house ? jim ( miserable ) I do not know , dear ... I do not know . Bill enter . bill in case anyone 's interested , I be leave for town . ( for Jim 's benefit ) if you want to count the silverware , I will wait . jim ( sheepishly ) Bill , be patient with I . maybe one of this day I will grow up . bill ( to muriel ) what happen to he ? muriel twelve dollar and eighty - six cent . bill mind if I say something ? Jim and muriel look at he curiously . bill you know , I have kind of be the voice of doom about this whole project . every step of the way I be firmly convinced you be get fleece , bilk , rook , flimflammed and generally take to the cleaner . and maybe you be . maybe it cost you a whole lot more than you think it would . maybe there be time when you wish you would never start the whole thing . but when I look around and see what you two have here -- I do not know . ( pause ) maybe there be some thing you should buy with you heart and not with you head . maybe that be the thing that really count ... see you around . as Bill turn and leave , the outer door be hear open and the kid appear . there be a exchange of " hi 's " as they pass . betsy ' Morning , everybody ! joan ( surprised ) hi , dad ! how come you be not at the office ? jim ( a look at muriel ) I be on a ... kind of a vacation . joan you mean you get fire ? jim well , not exactly , I -- muriel we will discuss it later . gussie 's head appear from the kitchen . gussie ( brightly ) come and get it ! Breakfast everybody . betsy good ! I be starve ! what be we have , gussie ? gussie Orange juice , scramble egg and you - know - what . joan ( make a face ) Ham ? gussie not ham -- wham ! ( cheerily ) if you be not eatin ' wham , you be not eatin ' ham ! gussie 's head disappear . close shot - jim . close shot - Jim . jim what do she say ? he react with the sudden exhilaration of balboa first see the Pacific . he snap he finger . jim darling , give gussie a ten dollar raise ! his eye light up as he begin to visualize . dissolve insert advertisement in magazine - it be a picture of gussie , smile , hold a platter with a enormous ham . under it , the simple caption : " if you ain't eatin ' wham , you ain't eatin ' ham ! " the camera angle widen to disclose mr . jame blanding the camera angle widen to disclose Mr. James blanding recline in a hammock on the patio of he dream House . in the b.g. muriel be work at she garden , Joan and betsy assist she . Jim react with pride and satisfaction as he set the magazine down , take a long drink of lemonade and pick up a book which he have be read . as the camera come in for a extreme close shot of Jim we see the title of the book on the jacket cover . it read : " mr . blanding build he dream house " Jim look up over the top of the book , directly into the camera and wink . jim ( with simple sincerity ) Drop in and see we sometime . as the camera pull away to a long shot tableau of the blanding and they dream House , we : fade out the end