mr brooks written by Bruce a Evans &amp ; raynold gideon fade in : close on a Polaroid of a dimly light couple lock in a sexual embrace . we can not see they face . mr. brooks ( v.o. ) ( torture ) God grant I the serenity to accept the thing I can not change ... we view travel sensuously down the woman 's naked torso to find the man 's head bury between she leg . marshall ( v.o. ) why do you fight it so hard , Earl ? mr. brooks ( v.o. ) courage to change the thing I can ... marshall ( v.o. ) come on , you have be a good boy for a long time , you deserve a little fun . we view move back up to the woman 's breast . dissolve through this to : earl brooks ' reflection in a mirror . Earl , in he 40' , have on a tuxedo . he 's in front of a sink in a Public bathroom and he 's whisper to he image . mr. brooks ... and wisdom to know the difference . pick up speed against the hunger in he head : mr. brooks ( cont 'd ) live one day at a time , enjoy one moment at a time , accept hardship as a pathway to peace ... from far away come the sound of applause . int . ballroom - night men in tuxedo and women in gowns . Mr. brook be seat at one of the front table with he wife , emma , also 40' . ( continued ) 2 . continued : the audience 's hand be come together for what a man at the microphone have just say . Mr. brook be smile but not clap ; and although he lip do not move we can hear : mr. brooks ( v.o. ) ( even faster now ) ... take , as he do , this sinful world as it be , not as I would have it . trusting that he will make all thing right if I surrender to his will . that I may be reasonably happy in this life , and supremely happy with him forever in the next . amen . the man at the microphone raise he arm to quiet the audience . man I could go on and on about what a great guy Earl be , how he cut he toe nail ... everyone laugh . man ... how he give freely of he time and money , but let 's get Earl up here to speak for himself . lady and gentlemen , I give you a businessman , a philanthropist , a great friend and the Evanston chamber of commerce man of the Year ... Mr. Earl brook . Mr. brook kiss Emma , stand and after accept congratulation along the way , arrive at the podium . mr. brooks thank you all very much . the first thing I would like to say be ... I do not even know how I cut my toe nail . applause and laughter from the audience . mr. brooks twenty year ago when I start the brook box Factory I never dream I would one day be stand here . 3 . ext . STREET - night a silver Lexus ls 430 glide past we . emma ( v.o. ) do you see sis wallace 's dress ? int . lexus '' night Mr. brook be drive . Emma be in the passenger seat . they be hold hand . emma you could see she nipple . at she age she should keep that thing hide . Mr. brook be only listen to he wife with one ear and underneath what she be say we can barely hear : mr. brooks ( v.o. ) God grant I the serenity to accept ... emma the only thing that would have make this evening more perfect be if Jane have be here . mr. brooks she call . she have mid term come up . emma she 's drop out , you know . mr. brooks we will see . emma nothing she do be wrong to you , be it ?... Mr. brook do not rise to the bait . emma well she miss a good party ... as she continue , we look at Mr. brook and Emma 's voice fade to a murmur . ( continued ) 4 . continued : in the back seat , a man lean out from behind Mr. brook 's head . this be marshall . he 's 50 plus . Emma can neither see nor hear he . Marshall exist only in Mr. brook 's mind . marshall come on , Earl , give yourself a break , you know you want to do this . mr. brooks no. marshall you be the fuck ' man of the year ' , you deserve it . it 's not like it 's not set up . you already know how to by - pass the alarm , you know how to pick the lock . tonight 's the perfect night . mr. brooks ( over he shoulder ) no , Marshall , I say ' no ' ! marshall I hear you , Earl , but you do not mean ' no ' . Emma feel Mr. brook 's distance . emma what 's the matter ? Mr. brook pull himself back into the moment . mr. brooks nothing . emma you be frown . mr. brooks I be think of what I do not say in the speech . emma they laugh , they be touch , I do not think anyone feel leave out . ( continued ) 5 . continued : ( 2 ) marshall ( from the back seat ) they have they dance class tonight . what if we go by and just look at they . there 's no harm in just have a look . mr. brooks no mean ' no ' , Marshall . marshall please ... pretty please . mr. brooks ( to Emma ) the food tonight be very good , but I be not crazy about the dessert . would you like to stop somewhere and get something sweet ? int . ice cream parlor '' night in a booth , Mr. brook and Emma be share a sundae . Mr. brook steal a look at the Arthur Murray dance class that be take place behind the full - length window front the second floor of the Building across the street . emma ... labrador be suppose to be nice , or maybe a rescue mutt ... mr. brooks the pound 's a pretty sad place ; if you want I to , I will go with you . emma there 's a irish Lab I read about , and I think the breeder be ... Mr. brook turn he attention back to the dancer and again Emma 's voice fade to a murmur . both Mr. brook and Marshall who be seat on the other side of Emma be focus on one particular couple . the man and woman be not great dancer nor be they especially attractive , but Mr. brook and Marshall be fascinate with they . Marshall lean forward and look slyly around Emma at Mr. brook : ( continued ) 6 . continued : marshall I bet you dick 's get hard , be not it , just imagine what they would look like dead ? savore the ice-cream , Mr. brook nod . ext . brooks house '' night two story modern . not ostentatious , but the elegance of the line and the grounds say there 's big money here . int . master bedroom - night through the door of the dressing area , Emma can be see take off she evening clothes . Hidden by the darkness on the other side of the bed , Mr. brook be hunch forward on a chair , he head in he hand . his bow tie be undone , but he 's still wear he tuxedo . in obvious torment , he be whisper to himself . mr. brooks ... I can not do this , I can not do this , I can not do this , please do not let I do this , God grant I the serenity to accept the thing I can not change ... in the dressing area Emma be put on she sleep - wear . Mr. brook step into the doorway . mr. brooks I be go to stay up a while , maybe go to the studio and play with some glaze . emma okay , I be go to read . if I be not awake , wake I when you come back . Mr. brook come forward , put he arm around Emma and hug she , then ease back , kiss she . mr. brooks I think you be wonderful tonight . 7 . ext . the brooks house '' night Mr. brook exit the back door and start down a path that lead away from the house . mr. brooks ( to himself ) do not do this , do not do this , please do not do this , do not do this , do not do , please do not do this ... he pass through a screen of tree and arrive at a small beautiful industrial - look Building . no window except for a narrow strip on three side just under the edge of the roof . Mr. brook let himself in with a key . int . build '' night exquisitely unique handmade handglaze bowl , vase , cup , plate be scattered haphazardly on shelf and table around the room . this be Mr. brook 's ceramics studio . Mr. brook turn on the big industrial kiln and set the temperature , then in a series of quick cut change out of he tuxedo into he work clothes which he select from a dozen identical pair of khaki shirt and pants hang in a closet . below the pants and shirt be a dozen pair of identical leather work shoe . the windbreaker he put on be also from a dozen identical windbreaker . he take a set of car key off a hook next to a door which open into a garage . under the light be a older model non - descript Toyota . ext . ceramics studio '' night the Toyota back into a alley and with the garage door close behind it , pull away . int . toyota '' night Marshall be up front with Mr. brook . ( continued ) 8 . continued : marshall oh lordy , Earl my boy , I have miss this ! we be go to have so much fun ! mr. brooks this be the last time , Marshall . understand I ?! the very last time ! ext . residential STREET '' night a mixture of modest house and apartment building . Mr. brook 's Toyota be park in the semi-dark cast by a tree . we rise over the car , over the tree , over the house to the other side of the block and come down to find Mr. brook work the lock on the side door of a small bungalow . he have on surgical glove . the pick be extract , the handle turn . the door open . there 's a chain . Mr. brook remove a pair of bent rubber tip forcep from a pocket , insert it in the chain , pull the door to , give the tool a twist and gently push the door inward . the chain have be release . int . bungalow '' night Mr. brook quietly close the door and hold he breath stand very still and listen . there 's a faint indistinct sound come from the recess of the house . Mr. brook 's foot glide out of the pantry . now come slightly behind he be another pair of leg encase in dark slack . move up ; the person in the black slack be Marshall . in the middle of the kitchen , the sound be now recognizable . it 's the moan of a couple fuck . this disturb Mr. brook , he hesitates . Marshall lean in and hiss fiercely in he ear . ( continued ) 9 . continued : marshall do not you dare quit on I , you piece of shit . I want to see what they be do . Mr. brook 's spine stiffen and he 's go forward again . enter a hallway , he reach into he jacket . when he hand reappear it 's inside a Ziplock bag , he finger around the butt of a silence pistol . he bring the hand and bag to he mouth and tighten the Ziplock against he wrist . the two Men arrive at a door that 's slightly ajar . behind it the sound of the love- make be become more intense . Mr. brook nudge the door with he foot . it open enough for he and Marshall to see the couple inside . the man and woman from the Arthur Murray dance class be naked on the bed . as much as Mr. brook hate himself for it he love watch . he can now hear he heart beat in he ear . he begin to breathe in unison with the couple , but he expression be distant almost clinical . when the couple climax , when they come , Mr. brook 's face go blank . on the bed the woman roll off she partner and the two of they lie there bask in the afterglow . behind they Mr. brook push the door fully open and slip into the room . they do not know he 's there until he speak . mr. brooks hello . both the man and woman jump with surprise and look . the woman scream and scrabble at the sheet to cover herself . man what the fuck ?! then he see the gun . man hey , man , do not ... ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 2 ) mr. brooks ( to the woman ) be quiet and sit up . in a attempt to get away , the woman push herself back against the wall . she can not take she eye off Mr. brook and she can not stop scream . pop ! a hole appear above she leave eye . the impact of Mr. brook 's High velocity .22 slug bounce she head off the wall . the scream stop . the man open he mouth and begin to shake . pop ! the bullet through he brain make he instantly dead and he crumple onto the girl . Mr. brook look at what he 's do . his nostril flare at the scent of death . then he move , he 's get work to do . on he way to the bed , the pistol go into he pocket . marshall ( o.s. ) ( bark ) whoa , Earl , what the fuck be this ?!! Mr. brook snap a look . the curtain of the bedroom window be open ; and over half of the Apartments in a four story Building on the other side of a alley can see into this room . most of they window be dark . and there 's no one look out of the window that be light . marshall this pig like to fuck with the blind open , you should have know that , Earl . this be a big mistake for you , Earl . mr. brooks ( go to the window ) almost like I want to get catch , huh , Marshall ? marshall well , do not fuck do that . I do not think either of we would enjoy spend the rest of we life in jail or a lethal injection . ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 3 ) mr. brooks yes , sir . he grab a side of cloth in either hand and yank the curtain close . CUT to : close on a Polaroid of the dance couple in a sexual pose . the attitude of the body be awkward and very reminiscent of the one in the Polaroid we open the movie with . int . ceramics studio '' night Mr. brook be kneel naked in front of the kiln where he murder clothes be be reduce to ash . arrange on the floor be Polaroid of the dance couple in sexual position . mr. brooks please forgive I ... please forgive I ... as we look closer at the photograph we realize by a smear of blood here and there and the distortion of the limb that this tableaus be arrange after the couple be kill . one by one , Mr. brook pick up he souvenir . he linger over the last image ; and from where he 's sit on the edge of a table : marshall do not even think about it . you know the rule . reluctantly Mr. brook throw the Polaroid into the fire of the kiln . marshall now go up and make love to you beautiful wife . he leave . in the kiln , the Polaroid burst into flame . ext . murder house '' afternoon the sunlight expose its charm . if it be not for the Police tape , the uniformed officer , and the plainclothes detective , it look like it would be a cool place to live . ( continued ) 12 . continued : a older detective , a African - american , come out on the porch and call to two other detective who be drink coffee on the lawn : older detective where the fuck be atwood ?! young detective I call ten minute ago , they say she be on she way . older detective she do not get here soon , this body will not even be dead anymore ? a uniform cop stand guard at the tape : cop you look for the lady cop ? older detective yeah . cop she 's here . she 's be sit in she car right over there for the last half hour . older detective oh , Christ . ext . atwood be car '' afternoon special detective tracy atwood , somewhere in she 30' , be behind the wheel . the door be open . by the expression on she face we might guess that detective atwood have simply forget to get out of the car . on the seat next to she be a copy of the Chicago tribune . the headline of a middle article on the first page read : the hangman escape . move up to atwood 's face . the older detective follow by the younger detective approach . older detective you think of join we anytime soon , atwood ? atwood do not look at the detective for a long beat and when she do she expression be not friendly . ( continued ) 13 . continued : detective atwood I really hate yesterday , Snyder , and then today come along . as she get out of the car , the Men notice the bandage on she wrist and fall into step with she on the way to the house . snyder ( older detective ) what happen to you wrist ? atwood hold up she hand to reveal the extent of the bandage . detective atwood I try to commit suicide . the Young detective laugh . atwood whirl on he . detective atwood what 's so funny ? young detective eh ... I ... I do not know , I hear it be because you be drunk and get into a fight with a fish tank . atwood stick she finger into the Young detective 's chest . detective atwood who be you gonna believe ? I or the fuck fish ?! young detective eh ... you . detective atwood good . atwood turn and leave the men. young detective ( under he breath ) she 's nut ! snyder and rich . they catch up to atwood who have squatted down to examine the lock on the front door . ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) snyder there be some scratch in the side door cylinder . other than that no sign of force entry . the alarm be armed and we even have to cut the security chain to get in . detective atwood ( straighten up ) this guy have not be active for over two year ... she enter the house . int . murder house '' afternoon from the way atwood look at she surroundings as she cross the live room we get the feel that this woman miss nothing . detective atwood ... we think he 's either dead or in jail on some other charge . this be probably a copycat . detective Snyder point she down the Hall toward the bedroom and follow . snyder that 's why we call you . you be the God that tell we peon if we have a simple murder here or something we can dump on you . detective atwood bite yourself . atwood arrive in the doorway of the bedroom where the murder take place and stop . the body of the dance couple be now on the floor . the man be propped up against the bed in a sit position . the woman have she head in the man 's crotch . almost like Mr. brook , atwood 's nostril flare , but in atwood 's case it 's not the scent of death that arouse she but it 's like she 's search for the scent of she prey . in a glance she memorize the room , then step inside . 15 . int . bedroom '' afternoon the crime scene technician shift to accommodate atwood 's inspection . detective atwood ( indicate the victim ) he always rearrange the body , but this be out of character . he have never leave they in such a crude position . usually it 's more romantic with they arm around each other , kissing , they mouth open , they tongue touch . snyder so we have a copycat ? detective atwood where be the thumbprint ? Snyder point to a bare space of wall above the bed . atwood lean in to look at two bloody ' thumbprint ' place side by side . detective atwood one he one hers ? snyder that 's what it look like . detective atwood what 's that ? there be two hole gouge into the plaster of the wall . snyder the bullet go completely through the victim . the killer recover the slug . atwood unfold and after another look around the room go to the window and crack the curtain . there 's the four story apartment Building across the alley , its window stare down at she . detective atwood be this open or close when you get here ? ( continued ) 16 . continued : snyder close . atwood try the cord , the curtain be stick . detective atwood hmm ... she return she attention to the murder scene . detective atwood it have never be reveal to the public that the thumbprint killer retrieve the slug . snyder so this one 's yours . detective atwood I do not fuck need this . she double back and crack the curtain for another look at the four story apartment Building . detective atwood have you check the tenant of that building ? snyder only a few of they be home , they say they do not see anything . we check the whole neighborhood , so far nobody see a thing . atwood nod and turn back to the body . detective atwood leave they like this , he must have be angry at they for some reason . she reach down and run a hand over the carpet . detective atwood where would they keep they vacuum cleaner . a puzzle Snyder follow she out of the room . int . pantry '' afternoon atwood open a service closet . there 's the vacuum cleaner . ( continued ) 17 . continued : detective atwood I will bet you a hundred buck , Snyder , there be no bag in that vacuum cleaner . snyder I have no idea what you be look for . atwood unzip the cover . there be no bag inside . detective atwood he vacuume the house and take the bag . snyder oh , shit . that be scary smart . ext . alley '' afternoon detective atwood be stand on a empty cap plastic gallon milk carton look over the fence into the back yard of the murder House . Snyder have he hand on she back to steady she . detective atwood okay . he release she . she hop down and direct she attention at the four story apartment Building . detective atwood we best hope be if someone in there see something . a man come out from behind the next door fence and stride purposefully toward they . man detective Tracy atwood ? detective atwood yes . man this be for you . she accept the official look document be offer . man you have be serve . ( continued ) 18 . continued : detective atwood you fuck asshole !! I be in the middle of a fuck murder investigation !! man ( back away ) hey , take it easy lady , I be just the messenger . detective atwood goddamit !! snyder what be it ? detective atwood my soon to be ex-husband 's scumbag lawyer be try to show I how painful she can make my life if I do not give they what they want . snyder this be not the Doctor . detective atwood the doctor be a couple year ago . this one be my stupid mistake . int . church hall '' day a aa meeting be get start . Mr. brook be one of the assembled . the leader step into the semicircle of Men and woman . leader be there any new member ? a woman come forward . woman hi , my name be Vaughn and I be a alcoholic . she rejoin the circle . Mr. brook separate himself from the other . mr. brooks hi , my name be Earl and I be a addict . when he rejoin the circle , Marshall be there to greet he . ( continued ) 19 . continued : marshall you be such a fuck hypocrite . if you be honest you would step out there and say ' hi , I be Earl . I kill two people last night and I really get off on it , but I need you help to be cure . ' mr. brooks I be different Marshall , I will not argue that with you . this be the only place that have ever help I be normal and I have be straight up until last night for the past two year . I be not go to kill again and I be not go to quit come here because it upset you . marshall yeah but for the next 29 day you be go to have to step out there and say ' hi , I be Earl , I be a addict . ' and everybody will know you fall off the wagon . do not you feel stupid do that ? mr. brooks no. I feel good . ext . industrial section of chicago '' day a cab arrive at the Front entrance of the brooks BOX factory , a long three story brick Building . a young woman , 19 , be drop off along with a assortment of luggage and box . int . brooks BOX factory '' day it 's loud . we follow a thin piece of cardboard as one machine deal it off the bottom of a stack into the maw of another machine . that machine print one side of the cardboard blue . it be hand off to the third machine which cut the flap . the fourth machine fold and glue that flap and spit the piece of cardboard out onto a conveyor belt as a box . wearing safety glass and ear protector along with he business suit , Mr. brook pick up the box and hand it to one of three similarly attire men , stand nearby . ( continued ) 20 . continued : mr. brooks this be not the top of the line or the bottom , but for the money we be talk about this be the quality I can provide you . as Mr. brook talk the Men pass the box between they . mr. brooks you package be the first impression you customer will have of you product ... PA system Mr. brook , you daughter be wait for you in you office . a surprised Mr. brook grab a quick look at the PA speaker , then continue . mr. brooks ... we would love to work you with on the design . it 's fun to challenge we machine . if you check around , you will find we be not the cheapest , but we be the best . int . reception area - brooks BOX factory '' day on he way through to he office , Mr. brook smile absently at a man wait on the couch . the pleasant- look man in he early 30' , nod . Mr. brook stop at he secretary 's desk . mr. brooks Sunday , do Jane call and say she be come ? sunday I would have give you that message , Mr. brook . she have box and suitcase downstairs . mr. brooks hold my call . int . mr. brooks ' office '' day mr. brooks ( come in ) what be you do here , gorgeous ? ( continued ) 21 . continued : the 19 year old girl we see arrive by cab stand up and throw she arm around Mr. brook . jane I be sorry , daddy , please do not be angry with I . Mr. brook kiss Jane on the forehead and go to sit at he desk . mr. brooks I can guess what you have do , but why do not you tell I and then I will decide . jane I drop out of school . mr. brooks okay . have you tell you mother this ? jane no . I want to speak to you first . mr. brooks you will have to tell she , I be not go to do that for you , and then together the three of we will decide where to go from here . jane I have think a lot about this , dad . College be a waste of time for I . mr. brooks I do not know how you know that half way through you freshman year , but ... jane you do not go to college , dad , and you be successful . I want to come and work for you . sitting on the couch : marshall she 's not tell you everything , she 's hide something . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 2 ) mr. brooks I know . ( to Jane ) I be not hire right now . jane just listen to I . what would happen to the business if , God forbid , something happen to you ? Mom would probably have to sell to stranger . I be willing to start at the bottom , you can treat I as a regular employee , I want to learn everything there be to know about run the box business , and then when the time come , the business would stay in the family . mr. brooks that 's sweet , but you be talk about emotion , not business . in fact you mother and I come very close to sell out last year . jane what ?! mr. brooks if we have be offer a little more money , and they may come back to we , we will sell . jane what would you do without ...?! there 's a knock on the door . mr. brooks yes ? Sunday , the secretary , come in and crossing to Mr. brook : sunday I be sorry , I know you do not want to be disturb , the man in the wait room insisted I give you this . she hand Mr. brook a letter-size envelope . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 3 ) sunday he say you would find what 's inside very interesting . mr. brooks what be he ? a salesman ? sunday he will not say . I have never see he before . I can tell he to go away if you want I to . mr. brooks that 's okay . she leave . slice the flap of the envelope , Mr. brook pick up with Jane . mr. brooks part of spend the four year in college be to ... Mr. brook can now see the content of the envelope . two snapshot-size photo take with a high speed digital camera . one show the right side of Mr. brook 's cheek . he be in no way identifiable , but that blur of flesh appear to be look at the dead dance couple . the second photo be a clear shot of Mr. brook close the curtain with the dead dance couple behind he . neither Mr. brook 's voice or he face betray the enormity of what he 's look at . mr. brooks ... eh ... to give yourself the chance to find out who you be and what you want to do . jane I will talk to Mom , but I be not go back to school . mr. brooks where would you live ? jane to save money I would move back home , but no rule , no curfew , I want to be treat like a adult . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 4 ) Mr. brook allow himself a slight smile . mr. brooks would you pay for you food , would you pay rent ? jane no , dad , you be a very wealthy man , you can afford to keep I . Mr. brook press he intercom . mr. brooks Sunday , would you show the gentleman who give you the envelope to the conference room , and tell he I will meet he there and ... ( to Jane ) what happen to the BMW ? jane a friend be drive it across country , it will be here next weekend . mr. brooks ( to Sunday , through intercom ) and get Jane a cab . he pick up the phone and hold it out to Jane . mr. brooks call you mother . jane be you go to give I a job ? mr. brooks if it be up to I , and I think you mother will agree with this , you should go back to school . int . hallway - brooks BOX factory '' day Mr. brook come around the corner . he 's rave at Marshall who 's walk beside he . mr. brooks you see all of this ?! the factory , the house , the car , the money , the respect !!... ( continued ) 25 . continued : a different angle in the same hallway show Mr. brook walk away from we . a pass employee cross he . the Men nod to each other . Marshall be nowhere in sight . mr. brooks ( v.o. ) ... I like they ! I do not want to lose they ! and then we be back to the original angle and Marshall be again in the picture . mr. brooks ... that 's why I do not want to do the dance couple ! marshall stop you fuck whining , Earl , you enjoy do that couple just as much as I do , and look on the bright side , he come to we he do not go to the cop . if he try to shake we down we kill he . period . we make it fun but we kill he . end of story . int . conference room - brooks BOX factory '' day the man from the reception Area be nervously admire a display of Mr. brook 's ceramic piece . he turn at the sound of the door open behind . mr. brooks what can I do for you , mr...? man ... let 's say , ' Smith ' . mr. brooks okay , Mr. Smith . Mr. brook motion he to a seat . mr. smith ( man ) ( sit ) before you get the wrong impression , Mr. brook , I be not here to shake you down . ( continued ) 26 . continued : mr. brooks ( hold up the photo ) then this be the only copy of this photo and you have no other . mr. smith no . I have other copy and other photo , and if something be to happen to I ... mr. brooks how do you find I , Mr. Smith ? mr. smith you be ' man of the Year ' , Mr. brook . you picture be in the paper . if it have not be , I do not know what I would have do . mr. brooks lucky I . what be it that I can help you with ? mr. smith I have be watch that couple for month , they like to make love with the blind open . sometimes I would take picture , you know , visual aide for later . it be fun , it be a great way to get off ; I think , until I see you kill they . I have to tell you I have never ever feel a rush like that ever . I know you be the thumbprint killer , you have do this before . what I want be to go with you the next time you kill someone . and I would like that to be soon . from the end of the table , Marshall cackle a laugh . marshall and you be worried that this be go to be unpleasant . the answer be simple . just tell he you have decide never to kill again and he will go away . mr. brooks you enjoy watch I suffer , do not you ? ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 2 ) marshall in a word , yes . mr. brooks where do you think he have the other picture ? marshall he put they in a safety deposit box but I will bet the box be at the bank where he have he check account and the key be on he keychain . he really want to do this , he 's not go to go to the cop . Mr. Smith who have grow uneasy under Mr. brook 's stare swallow : mr. smith so do we have a deal ? mr. brooks from the angle of this picture ... ( tap the envelope ) ... you live on the third floor of the apartment building across the alley from the couple 's house . mr. smith well ... eh. mr. brooks yes or no , Mr. Smith ? Mr. Smith nod ' yes ' . mr. brooks what time do you get home from work ? mr. smith six thirty , seven , depend on the traffic . mr. brooks you can never come here again , you can never call I . do you understand that ? mr. smith yes . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 3 ) mr. brooks tomorrow night , not tonight , tomorrow night , at eight o'clock , leave you apartment and walk east . I will pick you up . mr. smith if you be think of do anything to I , Mr. brook ... mr. brooks we be both aware of the rule , Mr. Smith , but I feel I must warn you . if it turn out that you enjoy kill , it can become very addictive . it could ruin you life . mr. smith I want to do this . mr. brooks ( look at Marshall ) have I cover everything ? marshall I can not think of anything else . Mr. brook stand up and open the door . mr. brooks I will see you tomorrow night , Mr. Smith . on he way out , Mr. Smith nod . Mr. brook close the door . his chin drop on he chest and he sigh . mr. brooks ( under he breath ) please God , please help I find a way not to do this . ext . downtown chicago '' day detective atwood come out of the crowd on the sidewalk and enter a highrise . int . conference room - law office '' day atwood and she attorney , a gray-haire man in he 60' , and a asian woman about the same age as atwood be on one side of the table . ( continued ) 29 . continued : jesse , atwood 's soon to be ex-husband , very handsome , slightly young than atwood , and sheila , he attractive divorce lawyer , sit across from they . asian attorney we have talk to we client and we have come up with a number that we feel be more than fair . atwood be not happy with this . the Attorney slide a sheet of paper to Sheila . she turn it over . on it be write : $ 750,000 -. asian attorney we can have a check for that amount in you office by 6 o'clock . sheila we tell you at the beginning what we want and that have not change . gray -haired attorney you know as well as I do , counselor , if we go to court you be not go to get a million five . sheila I do not know . let 's see . she hold up the front page of the Chicago tribune . " the hangman escape " story be circle in red . sheila this be the front page of yesterday 's paper ... ( read ) ' hangman escape ' ... eh ... now , here it be ... ' after torture the young woman , thorton meek would hang they in public place - church steeples , balcony , freeway overpass ' ... you client capture Mr. meek . this be just one example of the case my client live through when he be marry to you client . asian attorney you client know detective atwood be a homicide detective when he marry she . ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 2 ) sheila but he have no idea of the mental anguish that be in close proximity to she work would cause he . detective atwood what about the mental anguish I go through be in close proximity to he . who 's gonna pay I for that ? asian attorney we do not need to get into this , Tracy . detective atwood yes , we do . I be the one who pay for everything while we be marry , and now I be be ask to give he a bonus for spend time with I when I have already pay for it in the first place . jesse ( to atwood ) Tracy , this be not a lot of money for you , and you know how upset I be when meek say that he be go to escape and he would come back and kill you . sheila we be quite willing to find out what a court would think that mental anguish be worth . detective atwood jesse ... darling ?... you know the best thing that could happen to I right now ? that you get hit by a truck and die . sheila ( smile ) that 's it ! Mr. vialo and I be leave . ( she and jesse stand up ) you have threaten my client , we be go to ask for a restrain order , and we will see you in court . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 3 ) the door close behind they . gray -haired attorney that 's go to cost you , Tracy . detective atwood ( stand up ) fuck it . it feel good . int . apartment '' night moonlight seep around the blind to reveal Mr. Smith asleep in bed . Beyond the open bedroom door down the hall be only darkness until the eruption of illumination from a penlight momentarily outline the figure of a man . then we be look at what the penlight see . a key . hand in surgical glove isolate the - safety deposit key - and press it into a soft wax block where it leave its impression . the light go off . in the bedroom at the end of the hallway , Mr. Smith begin to snore . the figure coast silently toward the sound . Mr. Smith 's face be sideways on the pillow . the snore and a little drool burble out of the corner of he mouth . whoomp !! the impact of something landing on the bed bounce Mr. Smith upright and awake . mr. smith ahhh !!! ahhh !!! ahhh !!! the beam from the penlight hit he in the face . he raise he hand to shield he eye . mr. brooks do not worry , if I be here to kill you , you would already be dead . the penlight leave Mr. Smith and Mr. brook place it deliberately under he own chin casting long sinister shadow up he face . he 's sit on the bed next to Mr. Smith . mr. brooks after you leave today , I realize we friendship be a little one - sided . ( more ) ( continued ) 32 . continued : mr. brooks ( cont 'd ) so when we meet tomorrow night would you be so kind as to bring all of the picture and the memory card from you camera . that way we can like each other simply for who we be . if you do not show up , I will presume you have go to the police and I will kill you . even if I go to jail because of you , someone will find you wherever you be and kill you . the penlight go off . there 's total silence . mr. smith ( squeak ) Mr. brook ?... he squint into the black . mr. smith Mr. brook ?... finally he gather the courage to extend a shaky hand . the bedside lamp go on . the room be empty . cautiously Mr. Smith swing he leg out of bed and stand up . he force himself to go to the door and from there curl he arm around the jamb into the darkness . the hall light be dazzle . a peek into the bathroom show there be nobody there . he continue on into the live room . his camera equipment be on the table . the tripod be still set up . there be no sign of Mr. brook . Mr. Smith eye the front door . it 's close and the ' security chain ' be in place !! another quick scan of the room . it sure seem that he 's alone . he open the front door the length of the chain and look up and down the hallway . it 's empty . slowly he close the door . stand in the light of he live room , Mr. Smith be more scared and strangely more excited than he 's ever be in he life . mr. smith wow !... 33 . int . brooks house '' night in a robe and pajamas , Mr. brook come down the hallway carry a glass of milk . the door to he daughter 's room be partly open . by the nightlight in the plug at the head of the bed he can see she 's asleep . int . bedroom '' night Mr. brook walk to the bed , lean over and kiss he daughter on the cheek . mr. brooks ( quietly ) it 's nice to have you home . he leave . ext . chicago - morning the early ray of the sun be move down the tall building . ext . brooks house '' morning a garbage truck be pick up the trash . int . brooks house '' morning dress for work and a smile on he face , Mr. brook come down the stair . in the breakfast room , the mood be decidedly different . his wife and daughter be lean against opposite wall stare at the floor . mr. brooks what 's wrong ? emma ask you daughter what the real reason be she drop out of school . jane I keep tell you it 's not the reason . ( continued ) 34 . continued : emma you want to go to college , you have good grade in High School , you father help you get into Stanford , we be pay a ton of money , if this be not the reason , then please dear God tell I the reason . mr. brooks ( pick up a orange juice ) why do you mother think you drop out of school ? jane I be pregnant . ( to she mother ) and it 's not the reason I drop out . be pregnant would not stop I from go to school if I want to go . mr. brooks who 's the father ? jane some guy I be see . emma do he know ? jane yes , he 's a marry man and he do not want to have anything to do with I . emma oh , honey , I be so sorry . jane I be go to have a abortion anyway , so there be nothing to get upset about . I be not even go to tell you guy . Mr. brook look directly at he daughter . mr. brooks there will be no abortion . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) jane daddy , you be not go to tell I what to do . it 's my body and I will do what I want to do with it . Mr. brook 's eye find Emma 's . almost imperceptibly she shake she head ' no ' . mr. brooks ( to he daughter ) you be right . I be sorry . I say it wrong . I be not try to tell you what to do . I be try to say that a grandchild would be a wonderful gift for you mother and I . emma please , honey , do not have a abortion . jane would you really want to have a grandchild , even though I be not marry ? mr. brooks yes . the child be what 's important . we would love it and cherish it completely and help you raise it . jane if it mean that much to you , I will think about it . int . garage - brooks house '' morning walk to the Lexus , Mr. brook notice Marshall wait for he on the passenger side . mr. brooks ( smile ) well , we be right , she be hide something . marshall ( flat ) pregnant 's not all of it . she 's hide something bigger . much bigger . mr. brooks you think so ? ( continued ) 36 . continued : marshall I know so , and so do you . int . crime lab '' afternoon large and small Color photograph pin to a corkboard create a collage of the dance couple murder scene . stand in front of this be captain lister , a tall slim open - face woman in she mid-fifty , and the lead crime scene technician we see earlier at the murder House . technician it 's not what 's here , it 's what 's not here that 's interesting . there 's not a trace of anything foreign . if I do not know better I would say this people be kill by a ghost . captain lister the autopsy find a tiny piece of plastic in the female victim 's brain . technician we be check with the ammunition manufacturer . detective atwood ( enter the room ) that 's a dead end , he bag the gun . technician I do not understand . detective atwood he ziplock a one gallon plastic freezer bag to he wrist over the gun . bang . bang . a little bit of plastic be carry by the first slug , the eject shell go into the bag and it limit the powder residue . ( to Captain lister ) I hear you be look for I . captain lister ( to the technician ) sigy ... ( continued ) 37 . continued : sigy ( technician ) yeah , okay ... ( to atwood ) do you find anything ? do they have enemy , do they owe money , do anybody ever notice someone watch the house ? detective atwood so far they be Mr. and miss normal . sigy ( back away ) if you find anything , call , it might help I . he 's go . captain lister I receive a subpoena from you husband 's lawyer for you work record , where you be , date and time for the past two year . detective atwood that 's blackmail . captain lister almost three quarter of you case be current . I can not let that information go into open court . so until you settle you divorce , I be go to have to put you on a desk . detective atwood that 's also blackmail . captain lister that 's one of you big problem , atwood , you do not know how to ask for help . detective atwood do you know what he do to I ? captain lister you can not grow old as a woman without have at least one lousy man in you life . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) detective atwood I be so stupid . while we be marry , while I pay for he to live , the son of a bitch fuck every woman he could get he hand on . he fuck my friend , he even fuck a cousin of mine . everyone know but I , and they be laugh at I behind my back . he make I look like a idiot . I be a joke . captain lister and ?... detective atwood and what ? captain lister get over it . detective atwood I make he a offer . I be not go to give he one red cent more . captain lister I hear what he 's ask for , you could take out of pocket change . do that and go on with you life . detective atwood I could not live with myself if I do . captain lister I will spread you work among the other guy and the FBI will be here on thursday ... ( motion to the picture ) ... they will take over this case . detective atwood please , this be my case . nobody know they like I . do not give they away and do not give the thumbprint killer to the FBI . he 's kill people in twelve other state , let they fuck up that investigation . this one 's mine . ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 3 ) captain lister ( open the door to leave ) you hear meek escape ? detective atwood yeah . captain lister do you want a detail on you in case he come after you ? detective atwood I can take care of myself . captain lister you be a good cop , Tracy , I do not want to lose you , but you have to help I if you want I to help you . int . hallway '' crime lab '' afternoon atwood be wait for a elevator . it arrive . the door open . the car be empty . int . elevator '' afternoon atwood get in and press the key for she destination , then slump into a corner for the ride . the door close . the elevator begin to move . all at once atwood scream . her pent - up anger and frustration rip the air and she go nut . she punch the wall of the elevator , kick it , throw herself to the other side , bang she head against that wall , punch it , kick it , all the while scream . then the tear come . the scream stop and she settles upright against the back wall , where she strike she chest repeatedly with the flat of she close hand . detective atwood what be wrong with I ? what be wrong with I ? what be wrong with I ? ext . murder house '' night it 's raining . the yellow Police tape that still circle the yard snap in the wind . ( continued ) 40 . continued : up the driveway , out of sight of all the other home , there 's a movement at the side door of the house . a closer inspection reveal that it 's detective atwood . from under she umbrella she study she surroundings and as if she 's speak to the killer , she speak to herself . detective atwood do you choose they because of where they live or how they look or what job they have ? or do you just pick they because at the instant you see they , you have decide to kill someone ? the side door be perfect . no one could see you pick the lock . with a key she let herself in . ext . STREET '' night park against the curb opposite the driveway of the murder House be a old green pontiac convertible with the top up . the driver 's window be down and from inside a woman , late 20' , be watch the house . int . murder house '' night atwood stop in the pantry almost in the exact spot where Mr. brook stop . the quiet be fill by the rain drum on the roof . the wind rattles the window . detective atwood how do you know where they be in the house ? she step into the kitchen . on the way across she bump into a chair . detective atwood it 's darker tonight than it be on you night . but still how do you manage not to bump into the furniture ? do you have a little light ? that would be too dangerous . I will bet you be in the house before . ( more ) ( continued ) 41 . continued : detective atwood ( cont 'd ) so I should ask the neighbor if they see a meter reader around the house or a telephone repairman or someone from the gas company . this musing take she through the live room to the entrance of the hallway where she pause and look both way . detective atwood once again , how do you know where they be ? do you check the room before you find they ? she have he semen in she vagina , they have just make love , do you hear they or be there a light on ? she step into the hall . detective atwood and when do you bag the gun ? because even though I be sure you be a expert at it , there 's still a chance of noise from the plastic . she continue down the hall to the bedroom . detective atwood be the door open or do you have to open it ? she open the door and go in . detective atwood be they asleep or awake ? be the light on , or do you turn it on ? because I know you , you would not risk a shot in the dark . she turn on the overhead light . detective atwood too bright . what if it be not that light that be on , but this one ? she turn on a bedside light and go back to the door and turn off the overhead . if the dance couple be on the bed and they blood be not on the wall , the room would look exactly the way it do when Mr. brook say ' hello ' . ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 2 ) detective atwood that 's better ... what thrill do you get by kill people ? be it sexual , be it hate , be it power ? do you feel remorse ? probably that part of you brain do not exist . do you have emotion of love or affection or joy ? or have you learn to fake they so you will not stand out in a crowd . she 's at the window now , feel the curtain . detective atwood what if this be stick close because you yank they close ? which mean they be open when you come into the room . she separate the fabric and look out the rain -streak window at the four story building across the alley . there be light on in almost all the apartment window . detective atwood if Mr. and miss normal make love with the curtain open and the light on , someone in that building notice they and may have see you . she allow the fabric to drop back into place and turn to look at the bed . detective atwood be that what you be angry about ? int . apartment build '' night move slowly across a neutral color wall . detective atwood ( o.s. ) thank you for you time . a door be close . we come to the corner and be look down a hallway at atwood come toward we . we move to she and arrive just as she raise she fist to knock . before she can , the door open and she and Mr. Smith who be on he way out of he apartment be surprised that the other one be suddenly there . each one take a half step back . phwap ! the manila envelope that be wedge under Mr. Smith 's leave arm hit the floor . ( continued ) 43 . continued : mr. smith oh ! you scared I . detective atwood I be sorry ... ( bend down and pick up the envelope ) ... I be about to knock . I be detective atwood with the Chicago Police . mr. smith ( accept the envelope ) thank you . through the open door , atwood can see Mr. Smith 's camera on a table and the collapse tripod lean against the wall . detective atwood be you a photographer ... ( glance at she list ) Mr. baffert ? mr. smith no ... eh , it 's kind of a hobby , I just start . detective atwood I do not know if you be aware but there be a murder ... mr. smith oh , yes in the house across the alley ... detective atwood do you happen to see anything unusual or suspicious that night around that house ? anything at all ? Mr. Smith put on he think expression and pause a little bit before : mr. smith no ... I wonder that when I hear what happen , but ... no. ( look at he watch ) I be sorry , I be meeting someone and I do not want to be late . he move into the hallway close the door behind he . ( continued ) 44 . continued : ( 2 ) detective atwood here 's my card , if you hear anything or remember anything . mr. smith ( take the card ) I wish I could be of more help , but sorry . watch he walk away amid the crinkle of he raincoat , detective atwood , maybe because of she woman 's intuition or maybe because she 's a good cop , wonder what be in that manila envelope under he arm . the think be go almost as soon as it come and she face about to the next door . ext . STREET '' night hunched against the rain , Mr. Smith be acutely aware of the traffic . his eye strain to see the occupant of each pass car . he do not give a second think to the older non - descript Toyota park against the far curb . int . toyota '' night Mr. brook be in the driver 's seat . Marshall be in the back . they be both tracking the progress of Mr. Smith . mr. brooks he look clean . he look like he 's alone . marshall no , I be tell you he want to do this . mr. brooks I guess I should turn around and go pick he up . marshall Nah . just honk . maybe he will get kill crossing the street and save we the mess of do it . ext . STREET '' night honk !! honk !! Mr. Smith look around . he 's not sure that sound be for he . but when the Toyota honk again and flash it 's light , Mr. Smith wave and splashes to the center of the street . ( continued ) 45 . continued : even though he stop to let it pass , a car sound its horn and swerve to avoid he . Mr. Smith cross behind the Toyota and open the passenger door . int . toyota '' night Mr. Smith flop into the seat . mr. smith woof ! it 's really come down out there . mr. brooks they say it will be sunny tomorrow . Mr. Smith fumble with the button and zipper on he raincoat . mr. smith I never trust that guy , when they say it 's go to be clear it always rain and when they say it 's go to rain , it 's sunny . he come up with the manila envelope . mr. smith here 's what you ask for . Mr. brook take it and heft it . mr. brooks the picture and the memory card all here ? mr. smith yeah . mr. brooks you and I both know that not all the picture be in here and you make a copy of the memory Card , be not that so ? mr. smith but you understand my position . Mr. brook favor he with a wolfish smile . ( continued ) 46 . continued : mr. brooks yes , I do . but it 's my hope that once you get to know I better you will feel comfortable in give I all that I have ask for . mr. smith that sound fair . oh , I almost forget . I think you might be interested in this . his hand come forward with a card . mr. smith it 's the policewoman who 's look for you . Marshall snap forward from the back seat . marshall wow ! we have never know anyone who 's look for we before . Mr. brook pinch the rectangle of paper away from Mr. Smith for a closer view . marshall we have get to find out everything there be to know about this woman . mr. brooks this be too close , Marshall , too damn close . Mr. Smith interrupt Mr. brook 's focus on detective atwood 's card . mr. smith so , what do we do now ? what 's the plan for the evening ? Mr. brook slip the envelope under the seat and start the car . mr. brooks we drive around until we see someone we think we might enjoy kill . mr. smith really ? that 's it ? I think you might already have someone in mind . ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) mr. brooks I do not enjoy this , Mr. Smith . I do it because I be addict to it . and before you enter my life I have vow I would never kill again . so this be you party , you can choose anyone you want and we will do it together . mr. smith can it be someone I know ? mr. brooks you never kill someone you know . that 's the easiest way to get catch . ext . STREET '' night the Toyota enter the traffic . int . apartment build '' night a older woman in a stewardess uniform be stand in the doorway of she apartment . atwood be in front of she in the hall . stewardess I be not in town that night , my roommate be , maybe he see something . detective atwood May I speak to he ? stewardess he 's on he way to Tokyo now , he 's also a Flight attendant . detective atwood do the victim ever leave the curtain in the bedroom open ? stewardess all the time . I do not know if they think we could not see they " fuck " or they do not care . ( continued ) 48 . continued : detective atwood here 's my card , could you ask you roommate to call I when he get back , the people at that number will find I any hour of the day or night . stewardess I will not be here , but I will leave he a note . ext . STREET '' night Mr. brook ' Toyota be cruise in the flow of traffic . mr. brooks ( v.o. ) ... maybe I already know how to pick the lock on the house , if I do not ... int . toyota '' night mr. brooks ... I buy one of that lock and I practice on it , same with the alarm ... some I know how to bypass , some I have to study . mr. smith you do not mind I ask this question ? mr. brooks no . this be you first time , you be interested . and you should be if you be ... a neutral - color pickup swerve out of the next lane into Mr. brook ' lane . mr. smith Jesus Christ !! Mr. brook be force to slam on he brake to avoid run up the pickup be tailpipe . hoonkk !!! Mr. brook angrily lay on the horn . the brake light of the pickup flash in response cause Mr. brook to brake again . ( continued ) 49 . continued : mr. smith fuck he !! it be he fault !! what a asshole !! marshall ( lean forward ) maybe Mr. Smith would like to kill the driver of the pickup . mr. brooks ( to Mr. Smith ) what about the driver of the pickup ? what if we kill he ? mr. smith oh , fuck , yes !! I have always want to kill someone who fuck with I in traffic . the pickup make a right onto a side street . Mr. brook follow . mr. brooks do you want to kill the driver of the pickup or the owner , they may not be the same . mr. smith the driver . mr. brooks okay we will follow until we get a look at he , or she ; would it bother you to kill a woman ? mr. smith no . a asshole 's a asshole . Mr. brook begin to slow down . mr. smith what be you do ? mr. brooks the asshole should not know we have decide to follow he , or she . ext . four story apartment build - night detective atwood be on she way out the Outer door when the hair on the back of she neck stand on end . ( continued ) 50 . continued : footstep can be hear run toward she through the rain . her hand go under she jacket and come out hold a Glock 'mm . she sidestep out of the light into the grayness at the edge of the doorway . now she see the runner . a hood hide the face . she can not tell if it 's a man or a woman . detective atwood thumb the Glock 's safety to the ' off ' position . the runner pass , white breath come from a unseen mouth . she wait while the figure recede , then with the gun still in hand she fish into a pocket for a cell phone and head in the opposite direction . a finger speedial a number . after a second ring a : male voice ( answer ) yes ? detective atwood ( put the phone to she ear ) it 's Tracy . can you carve out some time for I tonight ?... I will be home in a hour and a half . I will see you there . the phone be shut , the umbrella unfurl and the darkness swallow she up . ext . mini mart '' night the neutral - color pickup be park in front . the driver get out . int . toyota '' night it have stop at the curb just beyond the entrance to the mini-mart parking lot . Mr. brook and Mr. Smith watch the driver come around the front of another car before enter the store . the light reveal the Driver to be a tall middle - age preppie guy with close cropped dark hair and dark - rimmed glass . ( continued ) 51 . continued : mr. brooks would you recognize he if you see he driver 's license picture ? mr. smith yeah . mr. brooks I have memorize the license number , you write it down . when you get home go on the Internet and find out everything you can about this guy . mr. smith we be not go to kill he tonight ? mr. brooks no . we could , but then we would not be in control . we could leave loose end , and we both know the danger of that . mr. smith ( squint at the pickup 's license ) I get it . mr. brooks look at I . Mr. Smith do . mr. brooks Close you eye . what 's the number ? mr. smith vf ... eh ... Mr. Smith open he eye and grin sheepishly . mr. brooks do not feel bad , I have be do this a long time ... ( he point to a holder on the dash ) Pen , paper . write it down . mr. smith ( copying the number ) what be you first time ? ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) mr. brooks you really do not want to know that much about I , Mr. Smith . int . indoor pool '' night the lane line be in place . detective atwood be the only one in the water . up and down she go with a long smooth stroke flipping the turn . she 's not swim for pleasure , she 's work out . the underwater light cast rippling shadow on the wall and ceiling and since they be the only illumination , the room feel spooky . atwood 's finger touch the wall . she raise she head to check she time , then take off she goggle . hanging onto the gutter she try to catch she breath , lower herself under the surface , blow a lungful of bubbles , come up to face larry , a man slightly young than she be , in a beautiful suit , perch on the edge of the deck look down at she . he have a dress on a hangar over one shoulder and a pair of shoe dangle from the finger of he other hand . detective atwood hi. larry hi . I bring a dress and a pair of shoe . I think we could leave from here . detective atwood great idea . she lift herself to he and they kiss . int . exclusive supper club '' night detective atwood and Larry be at a balcony table overlook a well - populate dance floor . the Music be 40' and 50' perform by a live band . larry ... I give he my driver 's license , my student id , he do not look anything like I , luckily they never check . ( continued ) 53 . continued : detective atwood I do something like that except I be the one who take the test . it be not math , a friend of mine be a theology major and need a second language to get into the master 's program ... larry she start she career in theology with a lie ?! detective atwood be not that what all theology be base on ? larry do you pass the test ? detective atwood oh yeah ... larry do not tell I she end up as mother Teresa or the Pope . detective atwood no , she realize very quickly there be not enough money in religion for she , the last I hear she would write a diet book that be very successful . larry she stay in religion . atwood smile , she finger find Larry 's and they intertwine . the view float over the balcony . as it slowly drop , the people on the dance floor , couple by couple , disappear until there be only three couple leave , one of they be atwood and Larry . her head be on he shoulder . it 's a slow dance . Larry be very good and wherever he lead , atwood easily follow . the light begin to dim and we move in . Larry touch he lip to atwood 's neck . she arch back and he kiss she neck again and again . ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 2 ) his lip move up and find hers , and we be now close on the kiss . gently the lip separate and we slowly retreat . look into she eye , Larry trace she lip with a finger , then replace that finger with he tongue . his lip brush a cheek , down she neck to where it meet she shoulder , he tooth close softly on the muscle , by now we be far enough away to realize that atwood and Larry have no clothes on and we be : int . hallway - detective atwood' condominium '' night what light there be , be come from a room we can not see . Larry nibble at atwood collarbone , kiss a breast , stroke he hand down she side . she shiver . he brushes he lip back and forth across she stomach and then down to where the flesh of she belly meet she pubic hair . she 's watch all of this in a mirror on the opposite wall . then he sink to he knee and bury he head between she leg . from low in she throat , atwood moan . we lose sight of the couple as we move around a corner . int . bedroom '' detective atwood' condominium - night it 's dark . atwood be propped up against the headboard , the sheet pull up over she breast . the door to the bathroom open . Larry dress in he suit , minus the tie , come out , kneel on the bed and kiss she . larry thank you , this be wonderful . detective atwood for I too . larry I will see you then ? detective atwood I would like that . the money be in the usual place . larry it 's not just the money , Tracy . I like you . ( continued ) 55 . continued : detective atwood I like you too , Larry . send I a bill for the dress and the shoe . larry I will . good-night . detective atwood good-night . ext . mr. brooks ' ceramics studio '' night the rain be muffle by the tree . move slowly toward the Building then up the side to peek through the narrow window that circle just below the roof line . in the center of the room , the kiln relieve the darkness with a yellow red glow whose rim touch a slash of white light come from under a door tuck in a corner . int . ceramics studio '' night we creep through the white light across the floor that 's litter with splashes of paint and smear of clay to the office door and peer under it . in front of we be chair caster and two bare foot and leg . marshall ( o.s. ) I think that be right . go back . mr. brooks ( o.s. ) we be in . marshall ( o.s. ) with the tax we pay , you would think they could make it more difficult to hack into the Police personnel file . we tip toe under the door . int . office - ceramics studio '' night it 's cramme with file cabinet . sketch for pottery piece be tape to the wall along with photo of Mr. brook , Jane and Emma . ( continued ) 56 . continued : Mr. brook , clad only in a T-shirt and underwear , be sit in front of a computer . Marshall , dress as he usually be , be in a chair at he side . they be both stare at the monitor where on one side of the screen be detective atwood 's Police id photo , on the other side of the screen , Mr. brook be scrolling through she personnel file . mr. brooks .... huh ... she father 's Gerald atwood , why do that ring a bell ? marshall someone you do business with , someone we kill ? mr. brooks not someone we kill ... mba ... College of William and Mary ... she 's be a cop for eleven year ... married Doctor carlson , divorced Dr. carlson , marry jesse vialo ... restaurateur ... separate from jesse vialo , sue for support by jesse vialo , see a shrink because of jesse vialo ... marshall excellent fitness report though . mr. brooks she catch the hangman , the guy that escape the other day ... marshall oooh ... she 's catch a lot of people ... and look here , this be not the first time she 's be hunt for we . mr. brooks I wonder what the deal be with she and jesse vialo ? Mr. brook tap a key that minimize atwood 's file then drag it to the right hand corner . in the middle of a key stroke it hit he : ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 2 ) mr. brooks ahhhh ... now I remember . her father , Gerald atwood , never do business with he but Emma and I meet he a couple time , big political fundraiser . he own or own one of the large insurance group in the country and a lot of other stuff . tap , tap , tap . jesse vialo 's Driver 's license come up . mr. brooks jesse vialo ... good look , a little young than she be . marshall younger , restaurateur ... ( snort ) she marry he on the rebound from the doctor and I will bet he marry she for she money and she connection . mr. brooks the old man be rich do not mean she 's rich . maybe he 's one of that guy who would rather give it to the Opera than to he kid . marshall would not she have to declare any outside income and holding to the Police ? mr. brooks hmmm ... he restore atwood 's file . tap , tap , tap , tap . stop . the Men study the screen then look at each other . mr. brooks the Opera do not get much . marshall why would a woman with she education and worth 60 plus million dollar and probably more to come , want to be a cop ? mr. brooks I like that about she . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 3 ) marshall you be such a fuck snob , Earl . you like she because she 's rich . mr. brooks no , I like she because she find something that 's hers . it 's not the family business . and she 's good at it . I would like Jane to find something that 's hers and that she could be good at . marshall that 's exactly why atwood scare the shit out of I . she 's a cop who do not need the money and she 's look for we . that 's one fuck dangerous human be . mr. brooks the fact that you be not wrong do not make I admire she any less . int . suburban starbucks '' morning at a table the asian Attorney be go over a brief . there be two foamy coffee in to - go cup in front of she . detective atwood arrive at the table . detective atwood hi ... she reach out , the woman shake hand . asian attorney hi . I get you a latte . detective atwood ( sit ) thanks and thanks for meeting I here . asian attorney we get a injunction to quash the subpoena for you work record yesterday . they have already appeal . detective atwood that do not help I do it ? ( continued ) 59 . continued : asian attorney you father have a lot of political muscle . detective atwood my father do nothing for nothing . asian attorney I understand . if you be willing to play the game and ride a desk for a year ; I think we can settle for one two five , one five . detective atwood no desk . asian attorney then the only other option be money . tell I how high you be willing to go . detective atwood one five . asian attorney I can try . if I be on the other side I would hold out for more . detective atwood how much more ? asian attorney give I a cap and that 's how high we will go . detective atwood try and get a number out of they first . I want to know what ballpark I be play in and if it 's a lump sum , be it less than something that 's pay in installment . asian attorney I will call they today . atwood stand up with she coffee . detective atwood I would like to get this do as soon as possible . ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 2 ) the asian Attorney also stand and gather she papers and coffee . asian attorney be you work on the thumbprint killer this time ? detective atwood yeah . asian attorney that one 's creepy to I . the door be lock , the alarm be armed and the people be dead . it make you feel like you be not safe anywhere . atwood nod and open the front door then follow the Attorney out . ext . suburban starbucks '' morning detective atwood where be you park ? asian attorney I be right over there . detective atwood I be down the street . call I as soon as you have something . she start to walk away . asian attorney oh , Tracy ... I almost forget , you husband say there 's a picture of he hold some trophy that you still have . detective atwood he take all that picture . he take everything . asian attorney he claim it 's he favorite picture and you put it up where you store you suitcase . detective atwood I will look . ( continued ) 61 . continued : asian attorney I know it 's petty , but you be go through a divorce . ext . sidewalk '' morning atwood stride toward she car . the pedestrian traffic be light . it 's too early for the store to be open . up ahead a brown van be idling at the curb , the slide side door be open . atwood can see inside . empty except for some furniture blanket . the person in the Driver 's seat turn to look into the back . it 's the woman who be watch atwood outside the murder House . her hand be unseen in leather glove . she look up and they eye meet . two stranger . the contact be instantly break . atwood take a deep breath and smile . after the rain , the air be brisk and clean . it 's good to be alive . slam !!! atwood be body - check by a man who spring out of the recess of a doorway . his arm wrap around she , she 's lift off she foot and the man throw himself and she into the Van . int . brown van - morning oooff !! the wind be knock out of atwood when she land leave shoulder first on the furniture blanket , the man on top of she . the man be thorton meek , the hangman , six foot , a solid two hundred pound . he 's also wear tight leather glove . ext . STREET '' morning the Brown Van accelerate fast away from the curb . int . brown van '' morning his body crush hers , meek kiss atwood 's cheek . meek surprise , surprise , Tracy . I tell you I be come back to get you . he frees he right hand and pull he gun . ( continued ) 62 . continued : meek I already know where I be gonna hang you . but first I be gonna watch she ... ( indicate the Driver ) ... have some fun with you , then she 's gonna watch I have some fun with you . he kiss she again and put the gun to atwood 's head . meek now , do not move . he raise up and straddle she . meek you know the drill , I be gonna put the cuff on . with he leave hand he fish a pair of handcuffs from a back pocket and snap they on atwood 's right wrist . meek now the leave . he roll atwood on she back and with the chain of the handcuff pull she right arm toward she leave . all meek ' talk have allow atwood to catch she breath and suddenly she jerk she head up into the gun and scream at the top of she lung . detective atwood shoot I !!! at the same time she pull hard against the handcuff with she right wrist . a startle meek be throw off balance . the gun come away from atwood 's head . her leave arm now free , atwood swing she palm with all of she might into meek ' right ear . pop !! his eardrum break . aaaggh !! he instinctually reach to cover the damage ear with he gun hand . the Driver double around to see what 's happen . from outside , hoonnnkk !! the Driver 's attention return to the road . ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 2 ) atwood swing again . this time she snag the barrel of the gun and use it as a lever bend meek ' hand back on the wrist . blam ! the gun go off . neither one of they be hit . at the same time atwood pull hard on the handcuff that meek be hold in he leave hand and twist into he . this dislodge meek and he 's off of she . snarl like animal they fight for the gun . crack ! atwood 's leverage break meek ' trigger finger . his grip loosen on the weapon . she pull it out of he hand . a quick push skitter it across the floor . it drop through the open side door into the street . atwood roll away and reach for she ankle gun . now it 's meek ' turn . a sharp tug on the chain of the handcuff stall she motion . he flick he other arm and a switchblade be deliver into he right hand . snap !! the blade come out . atwood be reach again for she ankle gun . she see the flash of metal and fling she head back . luckily all she receive be a deep gash above she right eye . blood immediately begin to cascade over she brow . meek grin and give another sharp tug on the handcuff to pull atwood into the range of he knife . with one foot atwood kick at he , with the other she push off and propel herself backward to grab a handful of the Driver 's hair . atwood 's weight hinge the Driver 's head back until she 's look at the ceiling . her scream be equal part pain and surprise . ext . STREET '' morning the Brown Van veer into the on-come traffic . the Driver of the car dead ahead swerve . the Van solidly clip the rear of that car . int . brown van - morning the sudden deceleration of that impact slingshot atwood and meek forward . she hit the back of the Driver 's seat . ( continued ) 64 . continued : meek have further to go . he lose he hold on the handcuffs and smashes into the passenger seat . her right hand now free , atwood scratch for the gun on she hip . ext . STREET '' morning careen across its lane , the Van sideswipe a park car . int . brown van '' morning that impact rip atwood 's hand out of the Driver 's hair and send she slide on she knee toward the side door . on she way she unclip she gun and be bring it out of she holster when meek who have manage to hang onto the passenger seat see this and slam a foot into she chest . atwood be launch backward out the side door . ext . STREET '' morning in slow motion atwood fly through the air while at normal speed the Van be leave she behind . smash ! butt first , atwood hammer into the back window of a park car . the shatter glass break she fall . groggily she roll out of the indentation . gun still in hand and blood cover one side of she face she slide off the car to stand in the street . the Van be nowhere in sight . int . emergency room '' day Captain lister be watch a doctor sew up the gash on detective atwood 's forehead . captain lister we find the van in a underground lot about two mile from where they leave you . it be steal last night . detective Snyder come in and hand a packet of photograph to atwood . snyder this be the woman we have picture of who know meek . ( continued ) 65 . continued : captain lister meek and the woman , none of the attendant remember see they . as detective atwood begin to go through the picture . detective atwood that chiropractor , Alvin griffin , who sell meek he steroid , he might know where he be . captain lister his phone 's be tapped since meek escape . no contact that way so far and he 's sure not go to talk to we . detective atwood what about a warrant to search he house ? get I in the door and he will talk to I . captain lister how 's you divorce go ? detective atwood I take you advice and tell my lawyer to settle . stretch out she arm to return the photo : detective atwood none of this be the woman in the van . doctor whoa ... I be sewing up you head here . detective atwood sorry . captain lister and you ego can handle that ? detective atwood it do not like any of the other choice . captain lister until meek be catch , Snyder be with you . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 2 ) detective atwood nothing personal , Snyder . ( to lister ) he 's not part of we team . captain lister he 's there to protect you . and listen to he , he 's be alive longer than you have . snyder I do not volunteer for this , atwood . captain lister the parking lot have a security camera . we be check the tape . if meek and the woman leave in a car we will have a license number . you have two day then I want a progress report on you divorce . detective atwood I think I have all the piece on the thumbprint killer , I be just not look at they the right way . captain lister okay , you have three day . she leave . detective atwood ( smile sweetly at Snyder ) every babysitter I ever have love I . ext . drug store parking lot '' night in the scatter of vehicle Mr. brook ' Toyota be hide in plain sight in a row of car . int . toyota '' night behind the wheel , Mr. brook be again wear he pottery - throw clothes . Mr. Smith be in the passenger seat and Marshall be lean forward from the back . they're all focus to vary degree on the entrance to the store . Mr. Smith raise he watch for a look at the time . ( continued ) 67 . continued : mr. smith maybe he go home with someone else . mr. brooks can you still see he pickup ? Mr. Smith look . mr. smith uh huh . mr. brooks this be not the kind of guy who leave he pickup in a unguard lot overnight . the silence return . all three Men idly observe a old green pontiac convertible with a fray top and paint peel , come into the lot and park two space away face they . we see this car last watch atwood from outside the murder House . the headlight go off . the Driver 's door open . the woman who be with meek in the Van step out and hurry toward the drug store . she of course mean nothing to Mr. brook but in the brief second the domelight be on , he catch sight of the man in the passenger seat . a memory tickle he brain . he turn to Marshall . mr. brooks where do we know that guy from ? marshall you really should pay more attention to what you read , Earl . mr. brooks that 's what I have you for , Marshall . marshall his picture be on the front page of the paper a couple day ago because he escape from jail . he 's the killer they call the hangman . ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) mr. brooks ahh ... marshall remember that cop you like , atwood , who 's chase we , she 's the one who put he away . I think he name be thorton meek . Mr. brook cock he head at the vague outline of meek . mr. brooks well , well , well ... what would life be without surprise ? Mr. Smith who , remember , can not hear or see Marshall , straighten up . mr. smith there he be ! the man they be wait for be come down the step of the store . on the way to he pickup he take off a manager 's smock . mr. smith you know what 's weird ? I will bet he have all this plan of what he 's go to do tonight and tomorrow and he do not know he will already be dead and will not be able to do any of they . Mr. brook nod absently . the drug store manager arrive at he truck . mr. brooks I do not think I want to kill this guy . mr. smith what ?! but you promise we would ! Marshall smile . marshall oh , I love what you be think . mr. brooks you have no idea what I be think . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 3 ) marshall oh yes I do , and it 's wonderfully twisted . mr. brooks ( to Mr. Smith ) I know I say we would , but I do not think it would be that much fun . Mr. brook start the car and put it in reverse . mr. smith so just like that , you be say ' no ' , it 's not go to happen . mr. brooks yes . mr. smith ( purse he lip into a tight line ) I see . Mr. brook cast he eye on the license plate of the car meek be in . marshall you get the number ? mr. brooks I get it . ext . drug store parking lot '' night Mr. brook ' Toyota leave . int . toyota '' night Mr. Smith sit stiffly . his expression have not change . marshall Mr. Smith want you to notice he 's pout . mr. brooks yeah , I know . ext . STREET '' night the Toyota be part of the light traffic . 70 . ext . residential STREET '' night the Toyota come into view around a corner and stop next to the sidewalk . int . toyota '' night mr. brooks I know you be upset , Mr. Smith , and I be sorry . mr. smith yeah , I be upset . mr. brooks maybe I be a little abrupt back there , but let I explain . find someone you think would be fun to kill be a bit like fall in love . you meet a lot of candidate , and you like some of they and they be nice , but they be not right ; and then that special one show up and you heart beat faster and you know that 's the one . the man in the pickup do not make my heart beat faster . mr. smith okay , he do not make you heart beat faster . if not he , who ? mr. brooks I do not know , I think I have someone in mind . mr. smith do you need I to do any work on it ? mr. brooks no , let 's see how it play out . mr. smith you see ? that 's my problem . that make I feel like I be be jerk around , Mr. brook . I think it be happen last night , then it be happen tonight . and now it 's " let 's see how it play out " . ( more ) ( continued ) 71 . continued : mr. smith ( cont 'd ) I feel like you be plan to back out on we deal and I do not like that feel at all . mr. brooks I promise you , it will happen . mr. smith when ? that 's what I want to know , Mr. brook . when ? mr. brooks tomorrow night , same time . when you come out of you building , turn right , go to the first street you can go west on , I will pick you up on that street . mr. smith okay . he get out and with the door still open , turn back . mr. smith I want to do this . but if it drag on too long , I could change my mind . mr. brooks do not you think I want to do this , Mr. Smith ? mr. smith maybe you do not anymore . he shut the door . Marshall and Mr. brook watch he walk away . marshall even if that guy be charming and funny I still would not like he . ext . residential STREET '' night the Toyota u-turn , make the corner and be lose from sight . ext . alley - ceramics studio '' night the garage door open and Mr. brook swing the Toyota inside . 72 . int . garage '' ceramics studio - night Mr. brook step out of the Toyota onto a sheet of plastic . two stride away be a industrial vacuum cleaner . int . toyota '' night Mr. brook vacuum the passenger seat and dash and floor and everything around it . int . garage '' ceramics studio - night Mr. brook remove he shoe and leave they on the plastic , then slip he foot into paper slipper . with handiwipe he wipe down the outside of the passenger door , in fact anything on that side Mr. Smith could have touch . he open the door and wipe down the seat and the dash and the console . back on the plastic , Mr. brook undress . on top of he clothes he drop the use handiwipe , the slipper and the vacuum bag . the corner of the plastic sheet be fold up , twisted together and Zip-tied to create a nice neat package which Mr. brook pick up and take into the ceramics Studio . int . shower - ceramics studio '' night Mr. brook rinse off the lather under the spray . int . ceramics studio '' night the glow from 3000 degree Fahrenheit be come through the window of the kiln . int . office - ceramics studio '' night the Driver 's license , complete with picture , of the woman who be with meek in the drug store parking lot , be up on the computer screen . Mr. brook , now back in he regular clothes , bring the cursor down to the address . he score this and drag it into Yahoo Maps ' drive direction ' . a route be generate . Mr. brook bring the cursor up to ' print ' and click . ( continued ) 73 . continued : close on he printer . the map be feed out and settles into the tray . ext . brooks house '' morning a unmark Police car stop on the gravel of the turn- around . two plainclothes detective get out and walk to the front door . the taller one ring the bell and they wait and then the door be open by Mr. brook . in a flash he take in the car and the way the Men be dress and although he face do not betray it , he know what they be . mr. brooks hi , what can I do for you ? the short one hold up a badge . detective 1 I be detective smolny with the Chicago Police and this be detective carfagno , from palo Alto , California ... carfagno ( detective 2 ) ( show he badge ) we would like to speak to Jane brook , if that 's possible . mr. brooks Jane be my daughter , what 's this about ? carfagno there be a murder at Stanford not long before she leave . she may be able to help we . mr. brooks be she a suspect ? carfagno not at this time . we simply would like to ask she some question . smolny ( detective 1 ) be you daughter here ? ( continued ) 74 . continued : mr. brooks yes ... she be . carfagno the question will not take long . mr. brooks I be sure you would have no objection if she have a attorney present . smolny that 's fine . ( reach into he pocket ) here 's my card . we can schedule a time for later today or tomorrow for she to come in to see we . Mr. brook look at the card . mr. brooks if you gentleman can wait , I will call my lawyer right now and see what we can work out . smolny oh , that 's even better . mr. brooks ( open the door wider ) would you like some coffee ? smolny thank you . int . upstair hallway '' brooks house - morning Marshall be walk alongside a very disturb Mr. brook . marshall we both know she be hide something bigger , I certainly do not think it be this big . mr. brooks she 's not a suspect , Marshall . she may not have anything to do with it at all . Mr. brook open a door . the room that be reveal be a very well equip home gym . ( continued ) 75 . continued : in sweat and wear a walkman , Emma be work out on a elliptical machine . Mr. brook motion to she that he want to talk . Emma take off the headphone and pause the machine . mr. brooks do Jane ever tell you that there be a murder at she school ? emma no . mr. brooks nothing ? not that a friend die or someone she know die ? or someone in she dorm die ? emma no . mr. brooks there be two detective downstairs , one be from palo Alto , they want to ask she some question about a murder that occur shortly before she come home . emma oh , my gosh ! I be sure if she be close to someone who be murder , she would have say something . mr. brooks I call Roger , he suggest a criminal attorney , they will be here within the hour . emma I will get dress . ext . brooks house '' day there be now three car plus the unmark Police car in the turn-around . int . brooks house '' day everyone be in the live room . ( continued ) 76 . continued : Jane be on a couch flanke by she mother and a lawyer . stand behind they be a heavyset lawyer and a young lawyer . we have never see any of this Men before . facing this Group from the opposite couch be the two detective . there be two tape recorder on the coffee table . Mr. brook be in a chair off to one side watch everything . for he the conversation be merely a burble of voice . he study he daughter while she answer a question . she be unaware of he scrutiny . and finally all he can see be she lip move . even the burble have fade to silence . ext . brooks house '' day the unmark Police car with the two detective pull away . we move in on the front door . it open . the lawyer spill out . Mr. brook shake hand with the lawyer who be sit on the couch next to Jane . mr. brooks Mr. clifford , it be a pleasure . thank you for come on such short notice . heavyset lawyer there will not be any more drop by like they do today , they will call we first . mr. brooks thanks again , Roger . it be a good idea to hear what they want to know sooner rather than later . mr. clifford we will talk . mr. brooks yup . he wave and re-enter the house . int . brooks house '' day Mr. brook shut the door and turn , find himself face to face with Emma and Jane . the woman be both worried . he and he daughter look at each other . for a brief instant each one try to find what they hope to find in the other . ( continued ) 77 . continued : Mr. brook smile and fold the girl into he arm . mr. brooks you do good , kid . you answer be clear , concise and honest . and when they try to trip you up , it do not work . jane I hope so . I be not feel so well . emma should you lie down ? jane I think I would better . Mr. brook kiss he daughter on the top of the head . mr. brooks try and get some sleep . Jane bend she step toward the stair . mr. brooks ( to Emma ) I think Roger have a handle on this . he and Mr. clifford will take care of it . Emma take she husband 's hand and after squeezing it follow she daughter . on the stair Jane stop and look back . jane I be sorry I do not tell you about it , daddy . it be horrible but I really do not know the guy that well . it happen at about the same time I find out I be pregnant , and it just go out of my mind . mr. brooks I understand . Jane resume she journey up the stair . CUT to : close on a water glass be fill from a tap . ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 2 ) mr. brooks ( v.o. ) God grant I the serenity to accept the thing I can not change , courage to change the thing I can , and wisdom to know the difference ... int . kitchen '' brooks house - day with a shaky hand , Mr. brook raise the glass to he lip . mr. brooks God help I . what do I do ? sitting on the island behind he Marshall wait for Mr. brook to gulp the glass dry . marshall she do it , do not she ? mr. brooks yeah . it will take the cop a week to ten day to put they case together and then they will come back and arrest she . marshall what be you go to do ? Mr. brook put he hand over he eye and sob , then wiping away the tear : mr. brooks I have be afraid of this since the day she be bear . she have what I have . marshall yes , she do . but you have always be smart about it . she be stupid . she do it because she get off on it , she do it for fun . why do not she think it through ? a hatchet ! and she leave it there !! mr. brooks they be pretty graphic , be not they ? marshall that be to shock she into make a mistake . ( continued ) 79 . continued : mr. brooks what do she think I think ? do not she remember what she tell I ? that the BMW be be drive across country by a friend and now right in front of I , she tell the cop it be steal . marshall you have always clean up after she , whatever she do , all she life . mr. brooks if the BMW have anything incriminate in it , I hope it be steal or she drop it at the bottom of a very deep lake . marshall do you think she know what kind of trouble she 's in ? mr. brooks I think she think she have get away with it until the cop show up . I should have listen to she , it be there . she be tell I . ' I do not quit school because I be pregnant ' . I should have dig deeper . marshall and where would you be but at the exact same place you be now . it be not you fault , Earl . part of you problem with she be that you always think it be . mr. brooks she have what I have , Marshall . so on a very basic level , it be my fault . marshall what be you go to do ? mr. brooks maybe the best thing for she would be to let she go to jail . marshall and what about she child ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) mr. brooks Emma and I would raise it . marshall you might be right , Earl , you might be . because you know if she 's not stop , she 's go to do it again . and if she want to take over the box business , the next victim could be you . mr. brooks I do not think she would go that far . int . crime lab '' day a slide of what look like enlarge grain of sand among giant carpet fiber be project onto a screen . the lead crime Lab technician : sigy ( o.s. ) we find trace of this in two place . the slide change to a overhead schematic show the interior of the house where the dance couple be murder . detective atwood and detective Snyder be stand with sigy watch the presentation . atwood have a bandage cover the stitches over she eye . sigy ( with a laser pointer ) here and here . the red dot indicate a area just outside the Kitchen and just outside the bedroom . sigy we do a analysis and it 's make up of feldspar , alumina and kaolin . detective atwood what 's that ? sigy a high fire stoneware clay . snyder like you make ashtray and vase from ? ( continued ) 81 . continued : sigy this be more plate and teacup . it be slightly wet when whoever it be track it into the house and it stick to the carpet fiber . we be think it be the killer . detective atwood it could have be track in by a friend . sigy that 's the thing , you see , the friend would have have to have be there almost at the same time the killer be . otherwise the sample would have be dry and the killer would have vacuume they up . detective atwood be the clay rare , be it difficult to get ? sigy you can buy it almost anywhere . snyder that 's not much help , sigy . detective atwood and this be the only incongruity you be able to find in the whole house . sigy we have do everything we know how to do . it sure do not break the case wide open , do it ?. detective atwood no , sigy , it do not . it do give I a excuse to ask someone some new question . int . mr. brooks ' office '' brooks BOX factory - day Mr. brook be stand behind he desk stare blankly at the content of he briefcase when Sunday , he Secretary , come in . sunday yes , Mr. brook ? ( continued ) 82 . continued : Mr. brook do not immediately answer she , he 's lose in think . marshall ( from the couch ) before you open you mouth , be very sure this be the right thing to do . mr. brooks I will never be sure . remember ; Sunday can neither see nor hear Marshall . marshall you get piss at I because I be always the one argue to go ahead and do murder . not this time , Earl . this be you decision . mr. brooks I know it 's wrong . in my heart I know it 's wrong . marshall then do not do it . go with Mr. Smith tonight and end that , then let the Police put Jane in jail . hopefully that will save she and we can happily go on with we torture life . mr. brooks that 's exactly what I want to do . that 's exactly what I should do . the thing be , she 's my daughter and I love she . Mr. brook raise he head and look at Sunday . mr. brooks I be go home . cancel everything for the rest of the day . I might be in tomorrow afternoon . I will let you know about that . sunday I will take care of it . mr. brooks if you need I , need I , call my studio , that 's where I will be . ( more ) ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 2 ) mr. brooks ( cont 'd ) I probably will not pick up , just leave a message . sunday I will try not to bother you . the door close behind she . int . ceramics studio '' day with a hide lever , Mr. brook lower caster under the kiln and roll it aside to reveal a combination safe imbed in the concrete floor . he spin the dial , open the safe and extract four quadruple - pockete plastic sleeve which he line up in front of himself . each sleeve contain a Driver 's license , two credit card and cash . the picture on the Driver 's license be of Mr. brook , but you would not immediately recognize he because of the disguise . as he 's try to decide which of the four identity would be best for what he have in mind , Marshall come forward to look over he shoulder . marshall the thing that bother I about this , besides the fact we be not prepare , and a multitude of other thing , be what do Mr. Smith do when he 's walk west tonight and you do not show up . that little freak could flip out . Mr. brook choose the first sleeve and the third sleeve . the other two go back into the safe . mr. brooks I will take care of it on the way to the airport . ext . five story glass build '' day it 's in a industrial Park . Mr. Smith exit one of the door and continue on into the parking lot to a moderately expensive foreign car sit in a space identify by a sign which read : ( continued ) 84 . continued : Mr. baffert . he squeeze the ' disarm ' button on he key chain . the car chirp twice and he open the door . bend he knee to get in , he stop . there be a section of newspaper wedge in the steering wheel . when he brain unlock he straighten up and move only the top of he body , make a quick recon of the surround area and he back seat . nothing threaten see , he ease into the seat . slam ! the door be close and lock . int . car '' day gingerly , Mr. Smith remove the newspaper . it fold open . on the first page there be word circle in red . as he eye dart from one to the other we go in close on the word and hear Mr. brook say they as Mr. Smith find they . mr. brooks ( v.o. ) not - able - to - meet - Mr. Smith turn the page . mr. brooks ( v.o. ) - tonight - do - it - same - turn the page . mr. brooks ( v.o. ) - time - tomorrow - turn the page . mr. brooks - night - do not - be - stupid -. Mr. Smith refold the newspaper and throw it at the passenger seat . mr. smith fuck you ! he insert the key into the ignition . rap-rap !! there 's a sudden sharp knock !! , on the Driver 's window . ( continued ) 85 . continued : Mr. Smith levitate off the seat !! unable to breathe , he turn . detective atwood 's face lower into view . detective atwood you remember I ? all Mr. Smith can do be nod . detective atwood would you step out of the car , please , I want to talk to you . ext . car '' day atwood step back as Mr. Smith get out . behind she , detective Snyder be stand next to the Driver 's door of a un-marked Police car which have block Mr. Smith in . detective atwood so Mr. baffert , what be that you have to tell I ? mr. smith what do you mean ? I do not have anything to tell you . detective atwood really ? because I be drive around and I get this sudden feel that you have something to tell I about the murder . mr. smith no. nothing . detective atwood that 's disappoint . because when I leave you the last time we talk , I feel I have miss a clue that be right in front of I that would solve this whole case . mr. smith I do not know why you would feel that . detective atwood do not you tell I you be a amateur potter , that you make bowl and vase ? ( continued ) 86 . continued : mr. smith no , I say I be a amateur photographer . detective atwood be you positive ? because we find potter 's clay on the carpet of the murder house and I be sure you say to I that you work with clay , that you make pot . mr. smith no . I say my hobby be photography , not pottery . detective atwood maybe that be it . the stewardess upstairs say the victim keep they curtain open when they make love . could I see some of the picture you take of that couple ? Mr. Smith can only stare at detective atwood . his Adam 's apple move up and down though he make no sound . should he or should not he ? finally he throw he arm up in a shrug but in he half - turn of indecision he happen to spy the newspaper he toss at the passenger seat of he car . part of it be drape over the console . the red circle around the word on that page jump out at he . mr. brooks ( v.o. ) do not - be - stupid -. Mr. Smith return he attention to detective atwood . mr. smith you be harass I , detective atwood . you know very well I be not a potter and I do not have any picture ! so my feel be that you feel be wrong and that you should move you car and let I go home . detective atwood what be you job here ? what do you do ? ( continued ) 87 . continued : ( 2 ) mr. smith I be a mechanical engineer . detective atwood you have to be pretty smart for that , do not you ? mr. smith I guess . detective atwood then be smart , Mr. baffert . you lie to I right there at the end . I will be watch you . and when you want to tell I the truth , you know how to get in touch with I . she give he a dazzle smile . detective atwood see you later , alligator . atwood walk back to she car and get in . int . unmarked police car '' day detective atwood ( under she breath ) goddamit ... as Snyder accelerate away he point to the car 's computer screen . snyder Captain lister get we the search warrant for meek ' chiropractor . detective atwood good. ( shake she head ' no ' , frustrated ) goddamit ! , that guy know something ... ( meaning Mr. Smith ) he almost tell I and then something happen . snyder you think he do it ? detective atwood I do not think it 's that simple . 88 . ext . parking lot '' day Mr. Smith watch the unmark police car go away and wipe the sweat out of he hairline . int . airplane '' day we be follow a stewardess down the aisle . she stop at a row and lean over to hand a glass of tomato juice to the person in the window seat . stewardess here you be , sir. Mr. brook who now look like the man in the picture on the third Driver 's license , accept the drink . mr. brooks thank you . he take a sip and resume he gaze out the window . mr. brooks ( almost inaudible whisper ) God grant I the serenity to accept the thing I can not change , courage to change the thing I can , and wisdom to know the difference ... the earth that he be look at below be a long way away . ext . redwood CITY '' late afternoon come off a sign which read : stanford university - 2 1 / 2 mile to a alamo rental car travel south on the El camino Real . int . alamo rental car '' late afternoon in he pottery - throw clothes , Mr. brook be behind the wheel . there 's a Ace hardware store bag sit upright and open on the passenger seat . we peek over the edge of the bag . a brand new hatchet with a gleam blade sit at the bottom . Mr. brook adjust the rearview mirror . Marshall be on the passenger side of the back seat . mr. brooks you be awfully quiet back there . ( continued ) 89 . continued : without any indication he 's be address , Marshall continue to stare stoically ahead . ext . EL camino real - late afternoon the alamo rental car carry Mr. brook continue on . int . high ceiling bungalow '' night it 's dark . there 's barely enough ambient light to see that we be close on the knob of the Front door . from outside we hear the muffle sound of a Black &amp ; decker cordless drill and the knob begin to vibrate . someone be drilling the lock . the sound stop . the knob turn . the door open . a flashlight be shine into we face . uniformed policeman ( o.s. ) Mr. Alvin griffin , this be the Chicago Police . ext . high ceiling bungalow '' night from the protection of the doorjamb , a very young uniformed policeman be the person shine the flashlight into the house . he 's flanke on either side of the door by detective atwood and detective Snyder . the Officer 's flashlight illuminate a short entryway with a hall immediately off to the leave and the live room fade into darkness , straight ahead . uniformed policeman ( continue ) we have a warrant to search you home and premise . we be come in . flashlight in she leave hand and the Glock in she right , detective atwood be the first one across the threshold . she direct the beam at the wall next to the door ; find the light switch . click ! click ! click . detective atwood light do not work . ( continued ) 90 . continued : she continue to the Hall . the darkness be so oppressive there , it seem that she stream of light must struggle to pierce it . the room at the end be the kitchen . with Snyder hang in the entryway to protect she back , atwood ease the hand with the flashlight around the corner . the dishwasher , the sink , the cabinet gleam dully back at she . she step inside . a debris field of empty pharmaceutical box and vial trail away from the refrigerator . her flashlight sweep the rest of the room . Beyond a open countertop in the dine area , the light blur past a oval of white , and then come back . it 's the face of a woman !! careful of the litter , atwood move forward until she can see that the woman be sit in a chair at the far end of the dining table . her throat have be cut . her head be be hold upright by she hair which be tape to the back of the chair . she have a pen tape between she finger , but the appointment Book in front of she be drench in blood . detective atwood ( call to the darkness in back of she ) we have a dead woman in here . a light and footstep hurry toward she from the live room . atwood swing she light at they . snyder hey ! he squint and turn away . detective atwood I think you be behind I . snyder the live room be clean . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) atwood swing she light back onto the dead woman . the combine illumination of the flashlight cause the support joist twelve foot up to throw eerie shadow onto the open ceiling . detective atwood Snyder , meet mona . the uniform policeman come up beside atwood . uniformed policeman I call it in . the smell of blood and the sight of the carnage be too much for he . his gorge rise and he gag . detective atwood do that outside . the Officer do not have to be tell twice . detective atwood ( to Snyder , be : the body ) meek do this . snyder I think meek hang people . atwood retrace she step in the Kitchen . detective atwood meek be a steroid freak . this refrigerator be always full of steroid . mona be Alvin griffin 's niece , receptionist , lover and keeper of the key . she focus she flashlight on a open padlock dangle from a steel band that run around the refrigerator . with the barrel of the Glock she open the door . the only edible inside be a tomato , half a loaf of bread , a package of hotdog and some part of a chicken in a kfc box . the rest of the space be vacant . detective atwood well , the steroid be certainly go . snyder you think meek have Alvin with he ? ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 3 ) detective atwood meek think Alvin turn he in . she shut the refrigerator . detective atwood let 's go see what 's in the rest of the house . CUT to : atwood and she flashlight pass we . Three foot to she right and slightly behind be Snyder and he flashlight . the two detective be leave the live room and enter the hall toward the bedroom . the ceiling be low here and it feel very claustrophobic . ahead be a door paint red . but before they get to it , there 's a room on the right . Snyder shine he light in . it 's a bathroom . the shower curtain be open . nobody in the tub . the door ahead be wait , but there 's another door on the right . Snyder shine he light in . this one be a treatment room with a therapy table and shelf of oil and unguent . they have come to the red door . atwood will open this one . she turn the knob and push . the door be stick . she and Snyder exchange a look . Snyder shuffles back half a step and flatten himself against the wall . he shut off he flashlight . atwood take a deep breath , lever she weight against the door and push . there 's a sudden snap ! then the door swing freely open . the beam of atwood 's flashlight reveal a large room contain a bed , a dresser , a ... creeekkk !!! the sound be come from up in the rafter . atwood whip she flashlight in that direction . for a instant the beam catch a piece of a large shape fall fast right at she . ( continued ) 93 . continued : ( 4 ) then it 's lose in the darkness and then pick up again in the reflect light in the Hall . the shape be a naked man . whack !! the man nail atwood in the shoulder . bang ! her gun go off . she bounce into the wall and onto she ass . barely slowed the man continue in a upward arc . his foot and knee slam into the ceiling . plaster dust rain . the man swing back , past Snyder . he 's lose in the darkness again . then he swing back into the light and come to a stop just inside the bedroom door . the man be hang from a rope around he neck . he 's dead . his body be festoon with syringe stick into he bare flesh . in fact two of the needle hold a sheet of paper to the man 's chest . printed on the paper in big black letter be the word : ha ! ha ! ha ! ha ! detective atwood ( get to she foot ) Snyder , this be Alvin griffin . ext . chicago the gray of dawn be in the sky . ext . o'hare airport '' pre dawn Mr. brook , wear a disguise that make he look like the picture on the Driver 's license in the first plastic sleeve , get into a taxi . ext . suburban STREET - chicago - dawn the cab drop Mr. brook off in front of a house . Mr. brook watch the cab drive away and then with he carry - on bag start walk in the opposite direction . he turn a corner . ext . second suburban STREET - chicago - dawn still on foot , Mr. brook arrive at he non-descript Toyota . there be also neighborhood car park along the street . Mr. brook unlock he car and throw he carry - on onto the passenger seat . 94 . ext . freeway - dawn Mr. brook ' Toyota speed up a on-ramp and join the light traffic . int . toyota - dawn from the back seat Marshall watch Mr. brook remove the piece of he disguise - a wig , a mustache , glass , and drop they in the carry - on . marshall how do you feel ? mr. brooks dirty . marshall that 's understandable . you have never kill for this reason before . the feel will go away . mr. brooks I do not think so . it 's the whole thing , Marshall . if I could find a way to just disappear , where there be absolutely no trace of I ; because eventually I will get catch do this . and it will be very embarrassing for I and Emma and Jane . so I have be think ... be there a way that Mr. Smith could kill I and make I disappear . marshall number one , Mr. Smith be not smart enough to do that . number two , there be no reason , if you be careful , to believe you will ever get catch . mr. brooks I know I will have to plan it for Mr. Smith , but I think that 's what I want to do . marshall I be not particularly fond of that plan , Earl . remember if you die , I go with you and I like be alive . I like eat , I like fuck , I like kill . ( continued ) 95 . continued : mr. brooks I have to end it , Marshall . one way or the other . and I think this be the best way . marshall well fuck you then . ext . CITY STREET '' dawn Long ago this be a nice area . a banner hang from a old Deco building - room for rent . Mr. brook be walk through the parking lot beside the Building . there , as a first car in a double space be the old green pontiac convertible . it 's block in by another car . Mr. brook sidle between the car to check the license plate against the one in he memory . it 's the car thorton meek be in , outside the drug store . Mr. brook walk away . int . ceramics studio - dawn Mr. brook open the kiln door and remove three piece embellish with a beautiful yellow glaze . he set they on a table then take he carry - on bag and place it in a ceramic trough which he put into the kiln . the door be shut . int . kiln '' dawn flame erupt from the gas jet . int . master bedroom - brooks house - dawn the bathroom door open . Mr. brook , in he pajamas , turn out the light and cross to the bed . Emma look up as he pull back the cover and get in . emma you work all night . mr. brooks I have idea for pot that take too long and the clay keep win ... ( he kiss she ) I will be fine . ( more ) ( continued ) 96 . continued : mr. brooks ( cont 'd ) and there 's a yellow chinese glaze I be try to get right ... he lay he head on the pillow and be almost instantly asleep . int . detective atwood' condominium - morning reflected in the glass of a open mirrore closet door be a tastefully furnish den with floor - to-ceil window that look out at lake michigan from the 20th floor . a empty suitcase fall into this picture and bounce on the carpet . behind the mirrore door , detective atwood be atop a stepstool rummage through the suitcase on the high shelf . throughout the condo there be a incessant ringing of the phone . another suitcase go down and atwood find what she 's look for - a frame color 8 x 10 photo of she husband , jesse . he 's in a business suit and hold some kind of trophy . the phone stop ringing . atwood come down the stepstool , fold it and be carry it back to where it life when the phone start ringing again . she pick up a cordless in the den. detective atwood yes ? int . law office '' morning the asian Attorney interrupt she sip of coffee . asian attorney hi Tracy , this be Nancy Tang . we receive a counter offer . be you sit down ? int . den - detective atwood' condominium '' morning detective atwood yeah , go ahead ... he can not get that , can he ?! intercut with Nancy . ( continued ) 97 . continued : nancy ( asian attorney ) no , my sense of it be by ask for five , they be hope you will settle anywhere between two five and three . detective atwood never . how long can you stall they ? nancy they know you want this do quickly , so they be go to expect a quick counter offer . detective atwood I need two day . wait two day before get back to they . if they call , tell they it 's a big number , I be think about it . nancy okay . detective atwood and the picture he want ... she slam the frame of jesse 's photo against the inside of a metal trash can . Nancy wince and then smile at the sound of shatter glass . atwood pluck the photo out of the frame and tear it so that the rip can be hear over the phone . detective atwood ... tell he I could not find it . int . master bedroom - brooks house '' morning Mr. brook be still asleep . Emma , dress for the day , arrive at he side of the bed . she rub the back of Mr. brook ' hand . emma Earl ... Earl ... Mr. brook open he eye . mr. brooks ( sleepy , groggy ) huh ?... ( continued ) 98 . continued : emma Roger be on the phone . int . kitchen '' brooks house - morning in he slipper and robe , Mr. brook be stand in the doorway watch Jane who be lean over the counter with a open newspaper next to a bowl of cereal . he have a chance to take a good long look before she feel he presence and raise she head . jane oh , hi , daddy , I think you would already be go . mr. brooks Roger call . there be another murder last night near Stanford . jane oh ... mr. brooks done the same way as the one they talk to you about . right down to the hatchet be leave at the scene . Jane can not quite conceal the tremor of surprise that ripple through she and Mr. brook see it . mr. brooks they think they have a serial killer . obviously you be here last night , so you be in the clear . jane that 's good news , be not it ? I mean even if you be innocent it 's good news to know you be not a suspect . mr. brooks oh , yeah . how 's the morning sickness ? do you want to ride in with I today ? jane I feel fine , but I do not know how long that will last . Mr. brook nod , turn to leave , then turn back . ( continued ) 99 . continued : mr. brooks do you love I , Jane ? jane of course I love you , daddy , you be my father . mr. brooks have you decide whether or not to keep the baby ? jane not yet . mr. brooks ( nod ) okay . ext . mr. smith's car '' afternoon look off the grill as it overtake another car in the fastlane . eminem be on the stereo . the car ahead move out of the way . int . mr. smith's car '' afternoon Mr. Smith be rapping along to " cleanin ' out my closet " . he know all the word . ext . freeway '' afternoon with eminem fade , we fall behind Mr. Smith . one car , two car . the third car be detective atwood 's car . int . detective atwood be car '' afternoon atwood be drive . Snyder be in the passenger seat . snyder what be we do ? detective atwood ' be we there yet ? ' , be we there yet ? ' , you sound like a child . we be play a hunch . snyder we have be follow this guy all day , he 's boring , and everything we run on he come up clean . ( continued ) 100 . continued : detective atwood if it do not , it would not be call a hunch . snyder meek ' finger - print be all over the chiropractor , the note , refrigerator , he 's the guy we should be look for . detective atwood look where ? please tell I . everyone know who meek be and be look for he . the chiropractor be the last link to he old life that I know of . the only way we will find he , now , be if someone turn he in or we trip over he at a bus stop . on the other hand , detective Snyder , no one know who the thumbprint killer be or where he be . however , I have a fuck hunch this guy baffert do . I have two day to play that hunch . if you feel like you be waste you time with I , I would be happy to do it alone . he look at she and shake he head . snyder I have a fight with my wife this morning ; what 's you problem ? detective atwood my husband want five million dollar . ext . suburban STREET '' afternoon Mr. Smith 's car enter the parking lot of a Rib Joint . atwood 's car stop across the street . int . atwood be car '' afternoon atwood and Snyder watch Mr. Smith enter the Restaurant . they wait in silence . a mute ' tone ' announce the arrival of a email on they computer . Snyder read and frown . detective atwood bad news ? ( continued ) 101 . continued : snyder lister be pull you off this case . detective atwood why ?! snyder maybe they catch he . she twist the screen around so she can read the message . detective atwood no . she would have say that . Snyder point across the street at Mr. Smith come out of the Restaurant carry a take - out bag . snyder you want to keep follow he ? atwood hesitates . snyder lister only say you be off the case , not I . detective atwood ( smile ) good think , Tonto . she start the car . there 's the mute ' tone ' again . atwood look at the computer screen . detective atwood shit ! she just 86' you too . int . police station '' afternoon trailed by Snyder , detective atwood arrive at Captain lister 's secretary . detective atwood be she in ? secretary she 's with someone . detective atwood good . ( continued ) 102 . continued : atwood blow past the Secretary and open the door to lister 's office . int . captain lister' office '' afternoon there be two men in suit on the other side of the desk from the Captain . atwood ignore they and focus on lister . detective atwood you promise if I settle my divorce I have three day on the thumbprint killer . I have the rest of today and tomorrow leave . captain lister detective atwood , meet FBI Agents longnecker and Campbell , they be take over you investigation . detective atwood you promise you would keep they out of it for three day . captain lister they will not allow I to keep that promise . atwood glare at she then at the FBI Men . detective atwood this be my case , what you be do be fuck . but since I can not stop you , and she will not , here 's a tip . James baffert , you should stake he out , he know something . detective longnecker we have some other idea we be look into . detective atwood then what 's the problem ? you do that and I will tail baffert . detective longnecker thank you for all you good work , detective . this be we case now . atwood look from one man to the other . ( continued ) 103 . continued : detective atwood good luck . ( to Captain lister ) later I suppose you will fill I in on what I be suppose to be do around here . I be confuse . she leave . Snyder close the door behind she . int . reception area - brooks BOX factory - late evening it 's desert with only a small spill of light come from Mr. brook ' Office . inside Mr. brook be at he desk . the lamp at he elbow throw a yellow cone across he face . his head be in he hand , he 's be cry . Marshall step out of the shadow behind he . marshall it 's time to go . mr. brooks yeah . he reach into a bottom drawer and as he take out a envelope , Marshall read the tear-stain hand write letter rest on the blotter . marshall dear Emma and Jane , my love , I have a terminal illness and instead of subjecting you to my deterioration , I have decide to disappear . do not try to find I , I do not want to be find . please believe that the time I spend with you bring I the great joy of my life . love. dad . Mr. brook pick up the letter and fold it . marshall so you be go to go through with it . Mr. brook stuff the letter in the envelope , seal it and pick up a pen . ( continued ) 104 . continued : mr. brooks it 's all plan to work out , Marshall . on the envelope he write : for emma and jane . ext . STREET '' night on the sidewalk Mr. Smith be walk toward the on-come traffic . the headlight make it difficult to tell one car from the other until they pass . that do not keep he from look for Mr. brook . the house stop and he 's pass a pocket park . in a dark space between the street lamp , a hand fall on Mr. Smith 's shoulder . he jump and a scream squeak out of he throat . it 's Mr. brook , in he pottery - throw clothes . mr. brooks ( smile ) be you ready to rock and roll , Mr. Smith ? Mr. Smith swallow hard and nod . Mr. brook propel he into the park . int . mr. brooks ' car '' night Mr. brook be drive . Mr. Smith be in the passenger seat . both be lose in a wary silence . abruptly from the back seat : marshall I smell gun oil , a gun oil that 's different than yours . mr. brooks he bring he gun . after he get what he want he plan to kill I . marshall ah ... now I get it . you be count on that , be not you ? mr. brooks it have a certain logic . marshall but if you plan be to have he kill you , why do you have to kill someone else first ? ( continued ) 105 . continued : mr. brooks he will need to see that to get up the courage to kill I . Marshall roar with laughter . marshall not even you believe that , Earl . it make it more exciting , do not it , to think he 's go to kill you after you kill someone else . you be get you rock off big time , that 's why you be do it . mr. brooks not true ... and if it be , so what ? ( to Mr. Smith ) you be goddamn great , you know . to have the ball to do this . mr. smith I be pretty nervous but that 's normal right ? mr. brooks perfectly normal . int . detective atwood' condominium '' night atwood be propped up in bed read a Magazine . her hair be pull back and she face glisten with cold cream . the phone ring . should she answer it ? it ring again , then again . reluctantly she grab the receiver . detective atwood hello ... oh , yes , yes . ( she sit up ) put he through ... hi , this be detective atwood speak , thanks for call ... yes , you roommate say you be in Tokyo ... anything , if you see anything at all it might be helpful . int . four story apartment build '' night a man in a Flight attendant 's uniform be stand at the window of the apartment he share with the stewardess . ( continued ) 106 . continued : a cordless phone to he ear , he be look down at the House where the dance couple be murder . flight attendant the weird thing be that they close they curtain , at first they be open like they always be and they be make love , which they always do , and then when I look again the curtain be close , and there be what look like camera flash come from behind the curtain . intercut with detective atwood . detective atwood camera flash ? flight attendant that 's what it look like . detective atwood ( almost to herself ) that 's why he pose they . flight attendant I be sorry ? detective atwood nothing . flight attendant I wish I could be more helpful , I do not see the killer or anything like that , but since it be weird I think I should call . detective atwood you have be very helpful . this answer a lot of question for I . thank you very much , Mr. struber . she 's about to hang up when struber speak again . flight attendant the guy you should talk to be the guy on the floor below we ... ( more ) ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 2 ) flight attendant ( cont 'd ) eh , I can not remember he name , but he tell I once that he would take some great picture of that couple make love , he 's the one you should speak to . detective atwood would that be , Mr. baffert ? flight attendant yeah , I think Jim or James ... detective atwood thank you very much . atwood disconnect then quickly dial . detective atwood Snyder , meet I at baffert 's apartment with a search warrant ... listen to I , this be what you tell the judge . int . apartment build '' night come up the back stair we arrive at a landing and make a right . in front of we be Mr. Smith watch Mr. brook pick the deadbolt in the service door . click ! Mr. brook straighten up , twist the handle and push the door inward . it 's catch by a chain . he take the bent rubber - tip forcep from one pocket , from another he hand Mr. Smith a pair of latex glove . mr. brooks put this on . int . apartment '' night in the middle of the large darken kitchen , Mr. brook pause to listen to the sound of the apartment . the gun with the silencer be already in he right hand . both be encase in a Ziplock bag . beside he , Mr. Smith be wide eye with fear and anticipation . his tooth be even chatter . mr. brooks try a couple deep breath through you nose . ( continued ) 108 . continued : mr. smith I have to take a crap so bad . mr. brooks this will not take long . Mr. brook and Mr. Smith come out of the Kitchen . the live room be quite well appoint . there 's a fire go in the fireplace . the sound of a t.v. be come from a room off a hall up ahead . that be where Mr. brook and Mr. Smith be head . they're more than half way across the live room when ding ! dong ! , the doorbell ring . Mr. Smith gasp and look beseechingly at Mr. brook . without a ounce of hurry , Mr. brook maneuver he back into the shadow of the kitchen . the doorbell ring again . a wet spot appear in Mr. Smith 's crotch and run down he pant leg . pee drip onto the linoleum . a man come out of the hallway . the live room light go on . the man be jesse , detective atwood 's estrange husband . he open the Front door . the woman who come in be Sheila , he divorce lawyer . they kiss , tongue . his hand brush over she breast . he begin to unbutton she blouse . the kiss break . as he continue unbuttone . sheila I call you wife 's lawyer . they be think about the five million dollar . jesse open the blouse and look at the breast under the bra . jesse realistically how much do you think we can get ? Sheila give he a quick kiss and move on into the live room where she drop she briefcase on the couch . ( continued ) 109 . continued : ( 2 ) sheila if we go to court , best case , two , if she want to settle , best case , three , but I would be happy with two seven . backlit by the fireplace , jesse kiss she again . from the kitchen , Mr. brook and Mr. Smith watch jesse unzip Sheila 's slack and drop to he knee peel they off she leg . she step out of they . he kiss the inside of she thigh , she crotch , then stand up : jesse I will be right back . on he way out of the live room : jesse I think we should hold firm for three . he shut off the light . in the glow of the fireplace , Sheila remove she jacket . sheila let 's not be piggish , two five , two seven , would be a good deal . the t.v. go silent . jesse return with a partially full glass of Champagne . he hand Sheila a glass from a side table , take a bottle out of a ice bucket and as he fill she glass : sheila ( teasing ) you have already have half a bottle . jesse you be late ; if we want it , there 's more . they clink glass . sheila to we . jesse to three million dollar . ( continued ) 110 . continued : ( 3 ) sheila ( after a sip ) we have to do this fast because remember , Marie be meeting we here . jesse we could ask she to join we . sheila not funny . jesse ( undoing the front of she bra ) I be not try to be . she bop he playfully . he bend and slip a nipple into he mouth . Sheila bite she lip and moan . in the kitchen , Mr. Smith shift around for a better view . the floor under he crreeekk ! in the live room , both Sheila and jesse react to the sound . sheila be we alone ? jesse yeah . Mr. brook seem to appear magically out of the darken Kitchen with he gun raise . he 's follow by Mr. Smith . Sheila open she mouth to scream . mr. brooks do not do that . int . mr. smith's apartment build '' night detective atwood hurry down the hall and out of breath , stop in front of Mr. Smith 's door . she rap sharply . wait a bare three second and rap again . detective atwood Mr. baffert ?... Mr. baffert ? the door of the apartment behind she open and a older woman stick she head out . older woman he 's go . ( continued ) 111 . continued : atwood show she badge . detective atwood do you have any idea when he will be back ? older woman he skip out . I hear he leave this evening and a few minute later there be mover here . musta be behind on the rent . he do not even say good - bye . detective atwood thank you . as the Old Lady watch , atwood try the knob . it 's unlock . she push the door open . the hallway and live room she can see be completely empty . Furniture , t.v. , camera equipment , art , go . older woman I tell you . int . mr. smith's apartment '' night on she way in , atwood draw she gun . keeping close to the wall she audit the kitchen . all the cabinet door be open . dish , pot and pan , cutlery , go . she move on to the bathroom . soap , shampoo , toilet paper , toothpaste , toothbrush , towel , washcloth , the content of the Medicine cabinet , go . she move on to the bedroom . bed , night table , lamp , t.v. , computer , go . clothes closet , empty of everything . she look around . Mr. Smith 's entire apartment have be stripped absolutely clean , except ... ... there 's a crumpled piece of paper in the far corner of the bedroom . atwood go over and get down on one knee . with she finger pull at the corner she be able to straighten the paper enough to make out that it 's a work order from a move company . ( continued ) 112 . continued : reading it with the paper pinch between thumb and forefinger of she leave hand , atwood rise . there 's the silhouette of a man in the doorway behind she . man obviously baffert 's go ... atwood whirl , gun up . she see that it 's Snyder . detective atwood ( overlap ) goddamit , Snyder . knock . snyder I be not able to get the search warrant . detective atwood we may have get lucky . ( hold up the paper ) this be the move company 's work order and ... ( point ) ) ... it look like this be the address where they be take baffert 's stuff . snyder where be you when you call I ? detective atwood at home in bed . snyder can you prove that ? detective atwood I be home in bed , why should I have to prove that ? snyder you husband jesse and he lawyer be kill tonight ... atwood slowly lower she head and fix she eye on the floor in stunne silence . snyder it look like the thumbprint killer , I have be order to bring you in for question . ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 2 ) detective atwood why , I do not want jesse dead , I love he , I hate what he be do to I ... snyder it 's on record you say you would like he dead and who better to fake a thumbprint kill than you . detective atwood you can not actually believe I would do that . snyder if we job have teach we anything , Tracy , be that people do strange thing . they just want to ask you some question . detective atwood I will be happy to answer any question after we check out this address . atwood go to leave the room . Snyder block she way . snyder I have to take you in , Tracy . detective atwood ( wave the paper ) this be the answer to the thumbprint killer , Snyder , and this be where I be go and you be not go to stop I . snyder do not make I cuff you , Tracy , because I will if I have to . atwood smile winningly . detective atwood I believe you would . snyder ( smile back ) you can count on it . ( continued ) 114 . continued : ( 3 ) Snyder never see it come . whack ! atwood 's right cross nail he exactly where the jaw meet the neck and down he go on he ass . detective atwood ( stand over he ) it would be nice if you could come with I , but if you do and it go bad , they will burn you ass . so this never happen . ext . freeway '' night Mr. brook ' car speed under a overpass . int . mr. brooks ' car '' night mr. smith that be great ! it be fantastic ! it be everything I hope it would be . thank you . mr. brooks you be welcome . in the back seat : marshall here come the gun . without take he eye off the road . mr. brooks yup . Mr. Smith slide a pistol from under he jacket and point it at Mr. brook . mr. brooks ( feign surprise ) what be you do ?! mr. smith you be smart enough to figure that out , Mr. brook . mr. brooks well we be go sixty five mile a hour , Mr. Smith , if you shoot I now , there 's a good chance we will both die . ( continued ) 115 . continued : mr. smith not now . take the next off ramp . mr. brooks that would not be very smart of I would it ? he accelerate around a truck into the fastlane . Mr. Smith can see the exit come up , it 's quickly leave behind . mr. brooks ( matter of fact ) think about this . you piss yourself back there , you leave you DNA at the scene of a double homicide , and there 's nothing to indicate that I be ever there . if the cop do a analysis of that urine , and they will , you be the thumbprint killer . mr. smith ( smug ) no . I still have picture of you do the first murder . Mr. brook smile a know smile . Beyond he on the other side of the divider , car be zipping by in the opposite direction . mr. brooks yes . but what be you do at the second murder ? Mr. Smith do not have a answer for that . mr. brooks let I help you with a think . you say I force you to come along and if I be not here or more specifically my body be not here to say different , you might have a chance to beat the rap . now you be probably ask yourself why I would help you . I be tired , Mr. Smith , I be tired of kill . but I be a addict , I can not quit . I have try . I can not do it on my own . so I will let you kill I but I want you to do it smart , in a way that I disappear and my family never know what I be . ( continued ) 116 . continued : ( 2 ) mr. smith how do I do that ? mr. brooks there 's a cemetery I know about . we find a open grave , you shoot I , I fall in the grave , you shovel in just enough earth to cover I , tomorrow a casket be lower onto I and I have disappear . it 's a good plan . what do you say ?... mr. smith why should I trust you ? mr. brooks you do not have to trust I . you be the man hold the gun , you see I put mine in the trunk . mr. smith I do not know . you really want I to kill you ? mr. brooks yes . mr. smith okay ... but any sudden move and you be dead on the spot and I will make sure you family know what you be . mr. brooks I understand . ext . old deco build '' night come off the banner hang across the front - room for rent , to find atwood walk away from she car . detective atwood ( to herself , regard the Building ) you have come down in the world , Mr. baffert . int . lobby - old deco build '' night High ceiling , once grand , now blue neon and a cage around the Front desk to protect the night clerk who be nowhere in sight . somewhere a radio be play salsa music loud . ( continued ) 117 . continued : atwood cross to the elevator . she push the call button . with a arthritic rattle the door open . int . elevator '' night atwood select the 5th floor. Creek ! , clatter ! , clank ! , the door close and after a stutter liftoff the car begin its ascent . the overhead light flicker on and off . atwood look up at it . ext . sidewalk '' night Mr. brook lead Mr. Smith across a street to a pedestrian gate set in a high wall . through the bar of the gate we can see a Cemetery bath in moonlight . Mr. brook reach into he pocket . Mr. Smith tighten he grip on the gun . mr. smith uh uh , take you hand out real slow . Mr. brook do as he 's tell . a key dangle from he finger . mr. brooks it 's lock . you do not want to climb over , do you ? mr. smith what be you do with a key to a cemetery ? mr. brooks I own it . mr. smith why do you own a cemetery ? Mr. brook unlock the gate and precede Mr. Smith , go inside . mr. brooks you always want to invest in thing people can not do without . Water and cemetery be pretty safe . he lock the gate and hand the key to Mr. Smith : ( continued ) 118 . continued : mr. brooks you will need this to get out . now there should be a open grave around here somewhere . let 's see if we can find it . he produce a small flashlight from he pocket and off they go . int . old deco build '' night repeating they arthritic performance the elevator door open . atwood step out into a wide sporadically light hallway . peer at the number atwood go to she Left . in the middle of the Hall behind she a couple exit a room and drift to the other side of the Hall on they way to the elevator . atwood re-check the number on the move company 's work order - 517 , she 's go the wrong way . she turn around . now atwood and the couple be walk toward each other on opposite side of the Hall . atwood step into a area of light . the reflection off she face catch the attention of the man who be wear a wide brimm hat . he lift he head . it 's thorton meek . the woman with he be the Driver of the Van . she 's wear a watchcap . meek gently take he companion 's arm . they stop . her eye go to where he 's look and then back to he . at some unspoken signal they both draw they gun . intent on find 517 and baffert , the couple have not register on atwood 's radar . bang ! twock ! a chunk of plaster blow off the wall next to she head . startle , atwood wince away . bang ! the woman fire . the slug explode the plaster on the other side of atwood 's head . now atwood be turn toward they , gun in hand . meek fire . the bullet pass through atwood 's jacket . ( continued ) 119 . continued : instinctively atwood assume a classic duelist 's pose offer the smallest target possible . calmly she squeeze off she first shot . the plaster explode from the wall above meek ' head . the woman fire . a hole appear in atwood 's sleeve . atwood pull the trigger again . smack ! the woman scream and fall back into meek , a bullet in she hip . atwood 's third shot take the hat off meek head . she now realize who she attacker be . detective atwood meek ?!! dragging the woman in the direction of the stair , bang ! meek fire . maybe it 's he break trigger finger that affect he aim . the shot miss . bang ! bang ! the woman fire . atwood 's next two shot miss . meek and the woman arrive at the stair and before round the corner , bang ! bang ! bang ! , fire at atwood who be now move deliberately at they . atwood do not try and dodge the bullet or flinch away from they and she shot be unhurry . the next one catch the woman in the side . the one after that nail meek in the leave shoulder . he 's spun into the woman . int . stair - old deco build '' night lean on each other meek and the woman lurch down the wear marble step . int . hallway '' old deco build - night atwood reach the stair and cheat a look around the corner . bang ! bang ! bang ! from the landing below , meek and the woman fire . atwood step out from behind the wall and shoulder square , shoot . another sidestep . this shot shatter meek ' knee . he bellow in pain . ( continued ) 120 . continued : move to the side again , atwood shoot . but meek ' knee have collapse and he and the woman be already tumble down the next set of step . atwood wait . there 's silence , then the murmur of voice . meek ( call out ) atwood ? detective atwood yeah . meek come on down , there 's something I want to show you . int . stair - old deco build '' night gun at the ready , atwood edge she way downward . at about the tenth step she be able to lean over and look through the banister . meek and the woman be prop themselves up against the wall on the landing below . both of they still have they gun . the moment meek ' eye meet atwood 's , he put he gun to the woman head . bang ! atwood suck in she breath . meek put the gun to he temple . bang ! atwood clasp a hand to she mouth and exhales in rag gulp . ext . cemetery '' night the finger of light from Mr. brook ' handtorch discover a freshly dig grave . mr. brooks there we be . now if I stand here ... he position himself at one end of the grave . mr. brooks ... and you stand there , not too far away and you shoot I , I should fall straight back into the hole . ( continued ) 121 . continued : mr. smith you do not think I have the gut to do this do you ? mr. brooks I be hope you do . Mr. brook shut off he light and straighten up . mr. brooks okay , let 's get this over with . Mr. Smith raise he gun and point it at Mr. brook 's head . he hesitates . mr. brooks I will close my eye . he do . Mr. Smith pull the trigger . click ! Mr. Smith look in horror at the malfunction gun . Mr. brook open he eye . Mr. Smith aim the gun again . click !... click ! mr. brooks I be sorry . as he talk he counter around until Mr. Smith be the one with he back to the open grave . mr. brooks I really do want you to kill I . but in case at the last minute I change my mind , I return to you apartment and bent the fire pin on you gun . he wrench the shovel out of a mound of wait earth . Mr. Smith try to fire the gun at Mr. brook again . click !... click ! mr. brooks in fact I even bring another gun for you so you could finish I if I have decide to go through with it . he open he jacket and show Mr. Smith the gun . ( continued ) 122 . continued : ( 2 ) mr. brooks unfortunately for you , my daughter be pregnant and just before you pull the trigger , I realize how much I want to see the end to that story . mr. smith ( dry mouth ) if you do anything to I , if you touch one hair on my head , the Police will find the picture of you kill that couple . mr. brooks the content of you safety deposit box , Mr. Smith , have vanish . without warning , Mr. brook swing the shovel . the force of the blow break Mr. Smith 's leave arm . he howl . the next blow come almost immediately . it smashes into the leave side of Mr. Smith 's head . the scream stop and a misfire set of neuron cause Mr. Smith to stand up straight and wobble , look directly at Mr. brook . the blood stream down he face be black in the moonlight . Mr. brook take a step to the side , cock he wrist and swing again . his full weight be behind this one . the blade of the shovel strike Mr. Smith in the throat very nearly take off he head . the flesh that be once Mr. Smith fall to the ground . mr. brooks ( look down at the corpse ) before I be the thumbprint killer , Mr. Smith , I kill a lot of people in a lot of different way . int . grave '' night look up . Mr. Smith 's body be roll over the edge . it fall on top of we . 123 . ext . cemetery '' night Mr. brook take a shovel of dirt from the pile and whistling ' by the Light of the silvery Moon ' , begin the task of cover Mr. Smith . int . coffee shop '' morning a newspaper be lie unfold on the counter next to the remnant of a breakfast . the headline read - nationwide manhunt for thumbprint killer - under that headline be a large picture of Mr. Smith aka Mr. baffert . in the lower right corner be another headline to a story - murder suicide for the hangman -. the reader of the paper be Mr. brook . on a stool next to he , Marshall be also read . marshall it say here the thumbprint killer be a monster ... annoys you a little bit that you can not take credit , do not it ? mr. brooks anyone who be good at what they do , want recognition . but since I be not go to do it anymore , I will let Mr. Smith take the credit . marshall do not kid yourself , Earl , you be go to kill again . mr. brooks no , I be not . I will continue the aa meeting and I will control it . on the other stool next to Mr. brook be a woman . her large purse hang open from the back of the stool ; the cel phone clearly visible inside . Mr. brook look at the phone . mr. brooks but there be a answer I would like to have . 124 . int . police station '' morning detective atwood be seat in she cubicle read the same front page Mr. brook be read . a fellow officer stop in the door . officer good work , atwood . detective atwood thanks , Tom . he move on . from off screen : another officer you should ask the FBI to kiss you ass and buy you a cadillac . detective atwood I like my ass too much for that . Snyder come in and hold up the work order from the move company . snyder this be bogus . the company do not exist in the city , the state , the United States or Canada . detective atwood so the whole point of this piece of paper be to give I meek . snyder that 's what it look like . detective atwood why ? who move he , where do they move he to , and why do he give I meek ? snyder that 's what we get pay to find out . atwood pick up the newspaper . detective atwood I be go to go to the bathroom and think about this . she stand . the phone ring . she answer it . ( continued ) 125 . continued : detective atwood detective atwood ... ext . rooftop parking lot '' morning look out at the city , Mr. brook speak into the cel phone he steal from the woman . mr. brooks why be you a cop ? intercut with atwood . detective atwood who be this ? mr. brooks you be rich , you have a good education , you could have go into you father 's business , instead you go outside all of that and become successful on you own . why ? detective atwood you want something from I if you do not tell I who you be I be go to hang up . mr. brooks do you think you husband 's kill be random and I certainly do not have to give you meek . detective atwood Mr. baffert ?! Snyder perk up . she point for he to get on the other line . mr. brooks what 's the answer ? detective atwood you do not sound like you . mr. brooks I have a little cold . be you go to give I the answer ? detective atwood where be you ? ( continued ) 126 . continued : mr. brooks I will tell you if you can give I the true answer to my question . detective atwood weigh she option and decide to go for it . detective atwood my father be very disappointed I be bear a girl and he let I know that . I have spend my whole life try to prove he wrong . mr. brooks thank you . detective atwood wait . you promise to tell I where you be . mr. brooks I ? I be on top of a building . atwood and Snyder hear the click as Mr. brook hang up . detective atwood why would he be interested in that ? at the parking structure , Mr. brook hold the phone over the edge and drop it . we follow the phone down , down , down , until it hit the pavement and disintegrate . ext . brooks house '' night everything be as it be . int . kitchen - brooks house '' night it 's dark . in he robe and pajamas , Mr. brook be stand in front of the open refrigerator gaze blankly at the content with a glass of milk in one hand . there 's nothing he want in here . he close the door . int . upstair hallway '' brooks house - night carry the glass of milk , Mr. brook pass Jane 's room . the door be ajar . he stop , back up and look . his daughter 's asleep . 127 . int . jane's bedroom - brooks house '' night Mr. brook walk to the bed and lean over to give she a kiss on the cheek . his lip have just brush she flesh when she twist violently under he and stab upward with a pair of scissors . the blade be drive deep into he throat . Mr. brook jerk back , the milk fly out of he hand . mr. brooks agghhh !!! agghhh !!! he grab at the handle of the scissors , but he blood make they too slippery . he can not pull they out . emma ( v.o. ) honey , Earl , Earl ... int . master bedroom '' brooks house - night Mr. brook be toss in he sleep next to Emma . she have a hold of he arm . emma wake up , wake up ... on the pillow Mr. brook ' eye fly open . emma you be have a nightmare . mr. brooks ( breathe hard ) oh ... I wake you up . emma it 's okay . she kiss he on the forehead . emma ( cont 'd ) I be here , go back to sleep , I be here . take he hand , she lie back down . after a moment Mr. brook turn over on he side and look directly at we . his lip begin to move but we can not hear what he 's say , so we move in on he face . it 's not until it fill we view that we can hear the word . ( continued ) 128 . continued : mr. brooks ... that I may be reasonably happy in this life , and supremely happy with him forever in the next . amen . .... God grant I the serenity to accept ... fade to black the end