mr . destiny by James orr & Jim cruickshank second draft revise July 7 , 1989 mr. destiny title super over black : " mr. destiny " larry ( voice -over ) the dictionary define destiny as a person 's ultimate lot in life ... I '' pretty sure my ultimate lot in life be to be a shmuck ... the SOUND of loud cheering start . fade in ext . baseball park day ( 1970 ) 1 title super : " 1970 " . establish " stedman field " stadium . . the stand be packed with cheering fan . larry ( voice -over ) it be the all - state high school championship game . bottom of the ninth , two out . player in both dugout be strain forward , shout . the player on the field be in tight . larry ( voice - over ) fenwick be stand on third like it be get set to explode under he foot . a 15 year - old , fenwick , be anxiously poise on third base . larry ( voice - over ) Fillmore High have we by a run , and it be a 3 - 1 count . the championship have come down to one batter : yours truly , Larry Burrows . larry burrow , 15 year of age , be at home plate wait for the pitch . he spit , but it catch on he chin . he wipe it off and glance sheepishly at the catcher . the team coach , 35 , be pace in the dugout . ( continued ) =2 - continued : coach let 's go , Larry ! swing away , swing away ! you can do it , Larry ! watch the infield , babe ! there be a intense look of concentration on Larry 's face . larry ( voice - over ) haskins be throw fastball , because that be the only pitch he ever throw ... so I be ready for the next one . the pitcher , jerry haskins , 16 , wind up and throw . Larry swing : crack ! a tower fly , go deep ! look ilike it 's out of the park . larry ( voice - over ) I swing perfect , get great wood , and hang it up there like it be head for Mars . a roar from the crowd . but no ! no! no ! it curve foul ! by mere inch ! larry ( voice -over ) then this gust of wind come up outa nowhere and nudge it foul . I swear to God , a gust of wind ! Larry step out of the batter 's box , frustrated . the scoreboard turn over : 3 and 2 . Larry twist the bat in he hand , get a good grip . the player in Larry 's dugout strain forward . clip metzler , a curly - haire 15 - year old nerd , and the resident " bench - warmer " , lean out of the dugout , clap . clip paste it , lare ! you can do it ! c’mon , lare ! have - an-eye , have - a -eye , have~an - eye , soo-w , babe ! ( continued ) =3 - continued : ( 2 ) Larry step back into the box , dig he sneaker into the dirt , set the bat , and squint down at the pitcher , look tough . _ larry ( voice -over ) why be it , when you do something terrific , nine time outa ten , you be all alone ? but when you screw up really big ... the whole world be watch ? the crowd be on its foot with anticipation . haskins go into he wind - up and throw . slow motion : the ball break right at the camera , straight and hard , come closer and closer and closer . larry 's Pov : as the ball hurtle towards he , a swell of light seem to emerge from behind it . Larry blink . - the ball close in . Larry swing with all he might . the ball thud like a thunderclap into the catcher 's mitt . umpire steeee-rike thur-eeee !!! Larry ' 's swing twist he around and he fall in the dirt . silence . the crowd stare in disappointment and horror . ( mos ) the other team race out onto the field and hoist haskins on they shoulder . Larry sit up , wiping dirt off he face and wince with the pain of failure and shame . larry ( voice - over ) it be a perfect pitch . a pitch from God . have my name all over it . and I miss . I really miss . dissolve to : int . larry 's garage ~ day ( 1990 ) - larry , now 35 , be in he garage workshop , stare into space , lose in think . ( continued ) = 4 - continued : larry I still can not get over it . I be sure I /d hit it . it be like the ball go right through the bat ! ( break he reverie ) ever have anything like that happen to you , sammy ? re look down at he mongrel dog , sammy , for a answer . the dog stare back attentively and bark . larry then you know what I mean . Larry go back to glue the tire on the immaculate model of a 's 54 porsche spyder he be work on . i larry | , some memory just do not want to go away I guess . voice ( 9.s.7 echoing ) you tip that ball foul , Larry . everybody see it . dissolve to : int . locker room day ( 1970 ) Larry be sit in the desert locker room , head down , stare at the floor . voice that ump be blind as a bat ! so I get he some glass . what d'ya think ? he look up . clip metzler , the " bench warmer " , turn around : he 's wear a pair of " slinky glass " . the '' eye " bob wildly back and forth . clip be not they cool ? scare the crap out of my baby sister . wanna try fem on ? clip take the glass off and hold they out to Larry . larry thanks clipper , but I have kinda like to be alone for awhile . ( continued ) continued : clip sure , lare . whatever you say . clip start away , then turn back , still cheery . clip listen , I 'il call ya later . well go to a movie or something . maybe we will see " bonnie and clyde " again . okay ? Larry nod . clip leave . then Larry put he head down . he wince , try to hold back the tear . he hear the bang of the door open and he look up to see the ballpark custodian , mr. ripley come in . with he be he daughter , ellen , a pretty 16 - year old . i Larry quickly try the straighten up . mr . ripley . tough break , son . but do not take it too hard . there 'il be other game . remember , none of this x11 seem so important twenty year from now . larry yeah ... sure . the young girl hand Larry a handkerchief . ellen here . look like you could use one of this . larry oh , thanks . I must have get something in my eye ... all the dust and stuff ... ellen . yeah , there be alot of dust blow around . Larry dab he eye then hand the handkerchief back . larry thanks . ellen it 's okay , you can keep it . I get lot . my aunt send I six dozen every Christmas . ( continued ) @ =6 - continued : ( 2 ) Larry look at the handkerchief to see the initial ejr . larry what 's e.j.r .? ellen ellen Jane ripley . what 's you name ? larry Larry . Larry Joseph Burrows . they shake hand . she smile at he . ellen Nice to meet you , Larry . voice ( o.8 . ) ' Larry ! eo int . larry garage day ( 1990 ) * Larry be look at the handkerchief with the fade initial EIR . voice la , ( o.s.} rry ! he come out of he reminiscence and turn to see : a woman , stand in the doorway . it 's the adult version of the 16 year - old girl in the flashback . larry what ? ellen I have be call you for the last five minute . larry sorry , I do not hear you . ellen sees the handkerchief in he hand . ellen ( knowingly } be you think about that silly baseball game again ? he hide the handkerchief and hold up the model . ( continued ) 4 continued : larry no , of course not . I be work on the ' 54 porsche spyder . see ? she look at he , disbely . larry I be ! really ! ai not it a beaut ? dame Dean have one of this , you know . course , he be much bigger ... ellen it be 20 year ago , Larry . I really do not think anybody care anymore . larry I care . James Dean be a great actor . remember that drunk scene in " giant " ... ellen you know what I be talk about . that baseball game 's in the past . it 's not important , anymore . larry of course it be not . I know that . you be the one who bring it up . now what be it you want ? be breakfast ready ? ellen the contractor be here . larry great ! I love the contractor . he place the porsche on a shelf , beside a already - complete model of a 's 34 dusenberg . ellen you / 1l be firm with he this time , will not you ? larry do not worry . " firm " be my middle name . Larry " firm " Burrows they call I ... ellen well , you be not very firm the last time ... ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) larry yeah , well , who can remember back that far ? ellen just be firm with he . ellen straighten the collar of he shirt . larry do not worry . " firm " be my middle name . Larry " firm " ... ellen ( gently ) yeah , we hear ... ext . larry house day establish the house : a partially - build modest home in a new subdivision . Larry come out of the garage to meet guzelman , a 300 lb armenian , who munch a jelly donut and sip a coffee . larry ( good~naturedly ) hey , Mr. guzelman ! how be you ? have not see you the past six week . think you have be capture by alien . guzelman '' get you message , what ’sa problem ? larry well ... it 's the driveway . guzelman s’wrong with it ? Larry look down ; he and guzelman be stand in a very muddy driveway . larry well , I tell you ... it 's a little muddier than we think it no be . you think maybe we could pave it ? guzelman can not pave it ' till all the mud 's go . ( continued ) - 9 - 5 continued : larry well ... then all we have to do be get rid of the mud , right ? guzelman do not do mud . you need a mud guy for that . larry a mud guy ? they have that ? guzelman yup . anything else ? larry well , now that you mention it , there be a few other thing , like the plumbing and the wiring which do not seem to wanna work . guzelman gonna need a check for that . larry I think I give you a check last month . for a thousand buck . guzelman need another one . gotta hire a whole crew for a job like this . : larry well , if I give you another check , when do you think you 's 1ll get around to do the work ? guzelman soon . larry I think that 's what you say last month , Mr. guzelman and nothing happen . guzelman get busy on another job . larry listen , ya know , there 's gotta be plenty of other contractor around . if you be too busy maybe I should ... guzelman suit yourself . ( continued ) - 1o- continued : ( 2 ) guzelman start to walk away . larry alright , wait , wait . how much do you need this time ? guzelman thousand . larry do not you guy know any other number ? guzelman two thousand . larry b okay , okay , a thousand . v Larry quickly write out a check . larry couldja at least gimme a rough estimate of what " soon " mean . be that next week ? next month ? sometime this century ? guzelman soon . . guzelman grab the check and get into he truck . larry sure ya will not stay for breakfast ? guzelman back he truck out of the driveway , splattering mud on Larry . larry | try cashin’ that check , ya fat piece a crap . the truck slide to a halt . guzelman wuzzat ?! larry I say ... see ya when ya get back ! Larry smile and wave as guzelman pull away . @ ~ 11 ~ int . larry house - live room day Larry enter , sorting through the mail . larry ellen , do you forget to pay the electric again ? we get a cut - off notice ! he flip on the tv . larry it 's okay . tv still work . the tv be tune to a workout show : three beautiful girl thrust they pelvise toward the camera . Larry pause to watch , lust flash in he eye . larry my God ! how do they do that ? ( ealling out ) hey honey , can you do this thing with you leg where you put it behind you ...? he turn to see ellen enter carry a bucket of water . larry what ? she point to a large yellow stain in the corner . ellen sammy 's be decorate the room again . sammy peek in sheepishly from the other room . ellen hand Larry the bucket and a sponge ; then she exit . Larry look over at sammy . larry thanks , sammy . sammy back out sheepishly . int . larry 's house ~ kitchen day ellen be fry egg at the stove . Larry come in , open the mail . ( continued ) - 12 - 7 continued : sammy watch they back and forth as they talk , neither listen to the other . ellen I think you say you be go to take sammy to obedience school . larry what 's with this mastercard bill ? ellen you can not just bring a dog in off the street and expect he to be housebroken , ya know . larry . what the hell be Neiman Marcus ? and 4 why do we owe they 250 buck ? ellen reach down and slip sammy a piece of bacon , ellen ( baby -talk ) he 's a mean old Larry for not teach you to pee on the front lawn , be not he , sammy ? yes he be . larry what no you buy for two - fifty anyway , a mink coat or something ? ellen do you use the lysol on the carpet ? the smell never go away if you do not . larry what be you talk about ? ellen the lysol . what be you talk about ? Larry and ellen stare at one another . 8 ext . house day Larry get into he car . sammy jump through the window into the passenger seat , excited and wag he tail . larry sorry , sammy . not today . gotta go make some money . ( continued ) 10 ~13 - continued : 8 sammy look disappointed . Larry pet he and kiss he on the nose . larry okay , okay . we will go drive on the weekend . you can stick you head out the window and drool down the side of the car and everything . how 's that ? sammy lick Larry 's face . larry ( baby~talk ) yes , and I love you too . int .. larry 's station wagon day 9 elien be put on she make - up as Larry drive . they pull up to a stop sign . the engine rumble , backfire , then stall . Larry sit a moment , calmly . larry this car 's a piece of shit , ellen . ellen I know but if you shift into neutral just as you be about to stop and keep you foot on the gas , it will not stall . larry and when the brake go , I suppose we will just drag we foot out the door . ellen I do not think that would work very well , Larry . Larry start the car and pull away . int . station wagon ~ another STREET day 10 ellen look out the window as they drive by a board - up miniature golf course call " the golf of Mexico " with a large , batter sombrero over the sign . anew sign be be hoist that read : " future Home of Mr. croissant " . ( continued ) 10 continued : beat . - 14 - 10 ellen I do not believe it . look . they nre go to tear down " the golf of Mexico . " that 's where we go on we first date . remember ? larry be not that we second date ? ellen no , it be we first date . I remember specifically because the sombrero keep slip down over you eye and you trip over the grin bandito and split you pants . ' larry y I think we first date be at Mr. pizza . I remember because you order anchovy and be belching all night . 2 ellen ( laugh ) that be we third date . and I just burp a few time . larry then where be we second date ? ellen ( think ) I can not remember . I guess nothing exciting happen that time . they hear the wail of a siren and look back to see : a helmete motorcycle cop point he toward the curb . larry ( groan ) be that for I ? it can not be for speed . not in this piece of shit ! Larry pull over . the engine rumble , backfire then stall . ellen just be nice and he 'il be nice back . 121 - 15 - ext . roadside day il Larry roll down he window , smile pleasantly . the motorcycle cop , early 5as , peer in . ( this be the first incarnation of mr. destiny . ) larry Morning , Officer . be something wrong ? cop you vehicle be emit dangerous level of hydrocarbon , sir . larry it be ? well , I will certainly get that fix right away , officer . thank you very much for point it out . cop I be sorry , but I 'il have to issue : a citation . license and registration please . Larry reach for he wallet . larry ( to ellen ) Nice do not work too well , do it ? he hand the cop he license and registration . cop thank you , Mr. uh , Burrows . the cop be about to go back to he motorcycle , then stop and turn back to Larry . cop Burrows ? Burrows ? I know that name . there be a guy name Burrows who blow the highschool championship back in 1970 . be that you ? Larry wince . larry uh , no . that be , uh ... another guy name Burrows . ellen ( cheerfully ) he 's the one alright ! Larry look over at ellen : thanks a lot . - 16 - @ 12 ext . parking lot day 12 the station wagon pull into the huge parking lot of '' LIBERTY republic sporting good " , a large , suburban~ base manufacturing and distribution complex . the engine rumble , backfire , then stall . Larry and ellen get out of the station wagon . ellen be you still mad ? larry why should I be mad ? if you enjoy make a fool out of I in front of policeman , that 's perfectly fine with I . ellen come on , sweeheart . I be just é teasing . you take that baseball '' stuff way too seriously . larry * do not worry about it . it 's already forget . @ he start walk away . ellen do not I get a kiss ? he come back . they kiss lightly . larry see you after work . ellen oh , I forget . I be gonna be late tonight . there 's a union meeting . larry again ? ellen we be electing a Strike Committee and they want I to be the chairman . somebody 's gotta stop that management bastard from lay everybody off . she head toward the factory building . larry ' but what about dinner ? ° ( continued ) 12 13 ~17 - continued : . 12 ellen ( call back ) there 's lean cuisine in the freezer and coor in the fridge . have a good one , sweetheart . Larry watch ellen disappear into the factory . larry ( to himself ) but today 's my birthday ... he turn towards the office building . larry I guess she forget . int . larry cubicle day 13 cU : Larry be doodling on a pad : a draw of a stick man drown in a ocean and scream for help as a big shark fin come up beside he . '' voice how they hangin’ , lare ? Larry look up to see the company President , jackie earle bumpus , 40 , a large back - slapping sort - of guy . Larry crumple up the draw and leap to he foot . larry good morning , Mr. bumpus . they nre hang just fine , sir . _ jackie earle good . and lay off the Mr. bumpus crap , lare . we be all on the same team here . when I play for the bear they call I cementhead . but you can call I Jackie . larry yes , sir . Jackie , sir . as Jackie earle talk , behind he Larry sees the face of clip metzler , the " nerdy benchwarmer " from the flashback , rise up behind the separator wear the slinky eyeglass . Larry have trouble try not to laugh . ( continued ) 13 -18 - continued : 13 jackie earle I be just go over the quarterly report , lare . damn good work . a real touchdown . larry thank you , sir . just do my job . clip continue goof around behind Jackie try to make Larry laugh : .pantomime walk down stair , pretend to hang himself with he tie , mouth Jackie 's word etc . jackie earle an@ do not think I do not appreciate it . you know a quarterback 's only as good as he linemen . Hell , I be just a big old dumb jock who get i lucky and marry the boss 's . . daughter . it 's guy like you who _ make I look like a hotshot . . clip be in the b.g. strutting around like a " hotshot " . Larry can not resist and a laugh snort out of he nose . larry sorry sir . I guess I be come down with a cold or something . jackie earle know what 's good for that , lare ? eucalytpus extract and honey in two ounce of warm napoleon brandy with a tablespoon of rosehips and a dash of cayenne pepper . then get into a hot bath for 15 minute , and put a damp cloth soak in lemon juice over you face . get all that ? larry get it , sir . extract , honey and ...al1 that other thing ... Jackie earle stand up to leave . jackie earle Atta boy . well , keep up the good work , lare , and good luck with the cold . I just stop by to see how you be do . Jackie earle turn and catch clip in mid-goofy - face . ( continued ) ' 's 13 - 19 - continued : ( 2 ) jackie earle clipper ! hey , that 's a funny face , clip look terrify but Jackie earle just slap he on the back and head down the hall laugh . jackie earle gotta teach that one to my kid . clip enter the cubicle . larry thanks a lot , clip . I be try to get a promotion and all you can do be goof around . clip will you relax , Mr. . worried-about~every -nlittle-th . you suck - point be safe . Old cementhead do not notice a thing . . foo many hit on the helmet if you ask I . larry oh , he heart 's in the right place . clip yeah , but we be not sure where he brain be . clip toss a package on Larry 's desk . clip here . happy 35th , buddy boy . larry why , thanks , clip . I honestly do not think anyone remember . he open the package to find a slab of rubber vomit . larry - wow. artificial puke . how would you know what I want ? clip that 's not just any old barf , lare . take a closer look . Larry examine the vomit closely . clip do not you recognize it ? {continued } 13 43 - 20 - continued : ( 3 ) 13 larry should I ? clip of course you should ! that 's the stuff we use to throw into the girl 's locker room to scare ‘em so they have all come run out in they underwear . larry ( brighten ) this be it ? the actual stuff !? but I think Mr. Green confiscate it ! clip I break into he office the next @ay and confiscate it back . 4 larry ( remember ) God , we have fun in that day , . do not we ? clip ton . which be why I be give it to you for you birthday , because I know what a sentimental fool you be . clip move slyly closer to Larry . clip and because ... you make I sick ! clip grab Larry around the head and try to kiss he . clip now where 's my thank - you kiss ? larry hey ! knock it off ! Larry struggle to get out of clip 's headlock . clip c'mon , lare ! one little kiss ! larry get away from I , ya homo ! female voice ( off-camera ) you two look like you be have fun . ( continued} - 21 - @ 13 continued : ( 4 ) 13 fhey stop , lock in they embarrassing embrace , and look up to see : the gorgeous cindy jo bumpus , 33 , smile . Larry and clip straighten up . larry hi , Cindy . how be you ? Boy be this ever a coincidence ! Jackie earle be just in here . you know , you husband ? yeah , he sure look good ... Cindy jo be enjoy Larry 's awkwardness . larry how have you be ? Boy , Jackie seem fine ... clip and I be pretty good . busy , though . yeah , workin’ all the i time ... so how have you be anyway ? . cindy jo I be fine , Larry . and thank you for . ask ... three time . larry ( nervous laughter ) well , I just want to make absolutely sure ... cindy jo do you know if Jackie go back to he office ? larry oh yeah . I be sure he do . lot of work to do , ya know . touchdown and all that stuff . cindy jo ( smile ) Nice see you , Larry . bye , clip . Cindy jo smile and glide away . larry always nice see you , Cindy . Larry and clip lean out of the cubicle and watch she go . clip Boy , do you have a way with woman . larry @ she 's so beautiful . I shoulda move in on she when I have the chance . ( continued ) 13 14 -22- continued : ( 5 ) 13 clip when do you ever have the chance ? larry in ninth grade . when I be come out of the can one day , she be stand by the drink fountain . and she smile at I . clip yeah , so ? larry so ... she smile at I . you know , smile ! clip 4 you mean as in ... expose her-teeth ? / larry . exactly ! clip geez ! I be surprised you do not throw one into she right there on the spot ! Larry watch wistfully as Cindy jo stop and talk with someone down the hall . larry ( sigh ) yeah . int . cafeteria day 14 Larry and clip be move down the line in the crowded cafeteria . clip be load he tray with food . larry you ever have any regret , clip ? you know , about the way you life turn out ? about the choice you make ? clip Nah . I figure I do not make ali that many choice . my policy be to do nothing and see what happen . and you know what ? thing always seem to 's turn out fine ! - 23 - be 15 int . cafeteria day - elsewhere 15 Larry and clip sit down at a long table . clip begin eat as he speak animatedly . clip you know what you problem be ? nothing 's ever good enough for you . and the problem with that be you be never satisfied . and the problem with that be you be never happy . and the problem with that be no one want to go bowl with ya on Saturday night because you be depressed all the time . and that 's a real problem . right ? larry : it 's not that I be depressed . I just wish thing could be different once in awhile . clip you gotta learn to accept thing as they be . you will get more bowl outa life that way . @ larry but I feel like there 's nothing go on in my life . like I be half - dead or something . clip you get it make if you ask I . you get a wonderful home , - a wonderful wife , a good job and the best friend money can buy . what else do ya want ? larry a little excitement would be nice . a lunch tray clatter on the table . ellen sit down angrily . she be wear a hair - cover and there be a dust shadow around she eye where a pair of goggle be . ellen I be so mad I could scream ! larry what 's wrong , sweetheart ? ( continued ) 15 16 ~24 - continued : 15 ellen maddie and Heather just get laid off " due to slow sale '' or some bullshit like that ! and we be already work double shift just to keep up ! can not you do anything about this , Larry ? it make I sick the way this company 's be treat we . larry well ...f dunno ... ellen Larry , please ... larry okay , okay , I x11 see what I can do . b int . nile pender 's office day 16 ( cU ) a walnut be break open by a nutcracker with a loud SNAP . camera follows as a piece of the walnut be bring up to the mouth of nile pender , 37 . he begin to pace around the office speak in very gentle and measure tone as he eat the walnut . nile fenwick . State the problem , please . fenwick low profit . four management~ty be range on chair around the office , the epicene lewis flick be stand by the door . Larry and clip be seat on the sofa . nile and the solution ? Graham ? graham Higher productivity . nile what could be more simple ? in order to make more money , we have to make more product , but not pay more to make it . it 's a beautiful concept . do not you think so , bennett ? bennett beautiful , sir . ( continued ) 16 continued : = - 25 = 16 nile indee@d it be . which be why , start tomorrow all production quotas will be increase by 15 % . and that who fail to meet that goal ... well , let 's just say we company and they company shall ... part company . suddenly , Larry clear he throat . nile be that a comment I hear , Burrows , or merely phlegm rise in you throat ? larry just a think here , nile . but do not you think it 's a little unfair ' to impose higher production quotas , consider we already have a inventory surplus ? nile really ? and on what be you base this so-called '' surplus " ? larry on the fact that I count every single crate in the warehouse 10 day ago . nile hmmm . then I would say we have a problem with we mutual perception of reality , for my own calculation show a considerable shortfall . the door open . it 's Jackie earle and leo hansen , 63 , Cindy jo 's father and the Chairman of the board . leo sorry to barge in , nile . do Jackie and I need to be here for anything ? nile 's face break into the most obsequious smile . nile not at all , sir . just boring production detail . I can handle it . ( continued ) 16 continued : they leave . - 26 ~ ( 2 ) . 16 leo then we be off to the golf course . ( slapping Jackie earle on the back ) my son- in - law 's go to show I how to get rid of my slice . nile wonderful , sir . leo oh , by the by , what time 's the board meeting tonight ? nile seven-thirty . leo . wo not be a long one I hope . we have a 9 o'clock dinner reservation ... nile you will be there in plenty of time , sir . leo excellent . Goodbye then . jackie earle touchdown everyone . nile instantly drop he phoney smile . nile amazing . ( to Larry ) '' alright , Burrows , since we seem to have a disagreement on the inventory , I suggest you check it all over again . larry but that will take three or four day . nile well , I do not see a problem with that . Lewis , do you see a problem with that ? lewis I do not see a problem with that , ( continued ) .®@ 16 17 - 27 ~ continued : ( 3 ) 16 nile do you see a problem with that , Burrows ? Larry do not answer . nile well ? do you , Burrows ? Larry open he mouth to speak . then think better of it . int . warehouse day 47 Larry be in the warehouse , go through the inventory check . he be mumble angrily , say what he wish he could have in the previous scene . larry e yeah , I see a problem , you dick . what be you go to do about it , huh ? huh ?! you prissy little wimp ! as he look down at the clipboard , the two fork of a4 forklift cross frame in front of he . he look up to see : a very pretty girl , jewel jagger , mid 20 , on a forklift , spearing a crate off one of the shelf next to he . jewel Excuse I . would you mind step back ? you would not want I to fork you to death , would you ? the girl look at he coquettishly . Larry laugh nervously . larry no , we could not have that ... I mean , after all , we have only just meet ... jewel ~ ( very suggestively ) since when do that matter ? jewel smile provocatively , then wheel away . Larry watch she go , stunne , male voice ( off-camera ) va~va-va-voom ! Larry turn to see he father , harry , a bald man in he mid-50s stand where the crate be . ( continued ) ~ 28 - @ 17 continued : a7 harry not bad , huh ? larry incredible . you know , sometimes I get the distinct feel I be miss out on something . they watch jewel wheel down the aisle . harry what she 's get , and she 's get plenty , you do not need . larry you sure ? 4 harry v not absolutely . but if I ever try to find out ... you mother have kill . I . Larry put he arm around Harry 's shoulder and smile . larry @ you be the dad every kid dream of . harry do not be a wiseguy . listen , petey fleckman just get can . that 's three guy since yesterday . somethin’ stink around here , kiddo , and I do not mean the meatloaf special in the cafeteria . larry yeah I hear ... harry hey , hey , lookit this here . Harry grab Larry and point between a pile of crate . they see nile pender lead six japanese business men through the warehouse . harry that 's the same bunch he have down here last week . look like the same bunch anyway , who can tell ? larry @ who be they ? ( continued ) 17 18 ~ 29 - | continued : ( 2 ) 17 harry who know ? pender try pass ’em off as some championship baseball team from osaka . but I talk to one of they and he think mickey mantle be something over a mouse 's fireplace ! listen , check around will ya ? larry okay , pop , I 'il see what I can find out . harry you be ace , kid . int . office area day . '' 18 larry 's Pov : nile 's secretary , gladys , 30 , sit in she cubicle in front of he office , talk on the phone . , gladys I be sorry , Mr. pender will not be back until 3 o'clock ... yes , thank you . Larry be stand next to the water cooler on the far side of the office floor , take a slow drink as he watch she . gladys hang up . she take she purse out of she desk drawer , get up , and leave the cubicle . still hold the paper cup , Larry start across toward nile 's office . Larry be nervous ; eye fix on the office door . we can hear he heart thumping loudly . he 's come closer and closer to nile 's door . his heart be thumping faster . suddenly the door open and Lewis flick step out . Larry quickly turn and veer off down the corridor . he stop in front of another water cooler and pour himself a drink , try to be nonchalant . Lewis walk past , eyeing he suspiciously . Larry smile casually . he upend the cup of water , then steal a glance at Lewis , who step into another office down the corridor . Larry sag against the water cooler and take a deep breath ; then he turn toward nile 's office again . 19 20 -30 - int . nile pender 's office day 19 there be a knock on the door . a moment later , Larry peer into the office . it 's empty . ~ he cross quickly to nile 's desk . he check one drawer : office supplies . he check another : some papers . he paw through they . he check a third drawer : it 's lock . he take a letter opener off the desk and slide it into the lock . he twist the opener back and forth . it break . larry shit . he pull the handle hard and the drawer pull out of the desk . it drop on the floor , spilling papers . ' larry shit . Larry bend down quickly and start gather up the papers . he pick one up and read it over , frown . close on the paper : it read " memo : nakamura industry osaka . re : leveraged buy-out via metaspo : larry leveraged buy-out ? what the hell be metasport ? suddenly , the door open . he crouch behind the desk . larry ( mouth ) shit. footstep approach . Larry wince , wait for the axe to fall . shoe stop in front of he . he look up , sheepishly , to see nile , smile down at he wickedly . nile lose something , Burrows ? larry ( wince ) something tell I I have . int . larry cubicle day 20 Larry be clean out he desk . clip be pace , angrily . ( continued ) @ 20 22 22 =31 - continued : 20 clip we shoulda kill that sonuvabitch back in the fourth grade when they would not have send we to jail for it . larry forget it , clip . I /11 just get another job somewhere else . clip I will bet that dipshit 's be just wait for a excuse to do this ! clip 's control break and he move to leave the cubicle . clip | well , I have have it ! I be gonna go . punch he light out ! larry . ( stop him} I appreciate the gesture , clip . but if you get fire too , who be I gonna borrow money from ? clip well , okay then . but I be gonna get that slimeball some day . larry yeah , we ' will both get he some day . ext . baseball park - establishing shot day 22 close on : a sign read " stedman field " . the same ballpark where Larry lose the championship game . we can hear the echoing crack of baseball be hit . crane down to find : Larry 's car park in front . ext . baseball park - playing field day 22 Larry be at home~plate with a bucket of ball and a bat . he 's a good hitter and each hit purge some anger . larry ( as he hit ) Son of a bitch ! ( hit another ) goddam son of a bitch ! ( continued ) 22 continued : Larry turn to see a security guard , early 5as , approach . 32 male voice ( from the seat ) hey ! what do you think you be do ? you can not do that ! the park 's close ! ( the second incarnation of mr. destiny . ) guard you be go to have to leave . larry okay , okay , I be leave . Larry pick up the bat and the bucket of ball . guard . what 's the big idea anyway , a grow - up like yourself ? do n’tcha have a job you should be at ? larry I '' on vacation ! alright ? guard say , hold on a minute . I know you . be not you that Burrows kid ? from the all - state championship , 19707 larry gee-zuz pop , that be 20 year ago . have not ya get anything better to remember ? guard I know it be you , larry thanks for make my day , pop . I really appreciate it . Larry walk towards the exit , shaking he head . guard ( call after he ) so how come ya do not hit it ?! my grandmother coulda hit that pitch ! 22 23 24 ~33 - ext , STREET dusk 23 Larry 's car stop at a intersection . the engine rumble , backfire and stall . he try to start it again and again , but the engine will not turn over this time . larry ( calmly ) this can not be happen . he sit still for a moment , then explode in a garble rage : twist and turn and beat the steering wheel . then just as quickly become compose again . larry that 's better . he climb out , open the hood and peer in . ' larry . what be I look at this for ? I do not know how it work . Larry slam the hood down . he look around . the street be desert , the building dark . he look up to the heaven and sigh . he close he eye and shake he head in resignation . larry I give up . when he open he eye , he sees a pink glow reflected in the windshield glass . he lock back and sees : a pink neon sign above a tavern at the end of a cul~de - sac that read " end of the Road bar " . larry thank God . he start walk towards the bar . int . '' end of the road " bar evening 24 Larry enter . the place be empty except for a bartender in he early 5as , with a perpetual " cheshire cat " grin and a gleam in he eye . ( the third incarnation of mr. destiny . ) bartender even . larry pay phone ? the bartender point to a pay phone behind the door . ( con 'tinued ) 24 -34 - continued : 24 Larry go over to the phone , drop in quarter and dial . larry ( wearily ) yeah , hi . I be gonna need a tow ... over near the bar , the bartender punch a selection into the jukebox , then go back behind the bar . a instrumental version of " someone to watch over I " begins to play . he begin meticulously wiping glass and stack they on the counter . always with a know grin on he face . Larry hang up and come over to the bar . bartender car trouble , huh ? 5 larry tow truck will be here in twenty minute . bartender can I get you something while you wait ? larry I could sure use it . bartender a light beer , no glass . larry yeah . how have you know ? bartender just a guess . the bartender open the beer . bartender do not I know you from somewhere ? larry you seem a little familiar to I too . bartender name 's mike. ( think ) I know . Larry Burrows , right ? the kid who lose the ... Larry 's head falis to the counter with a dull thud . ( continued ) - 35 ~ @ 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 larry gee-zuz Henry Christ ! be everybody in the world at that game ?! mike sorry . if I have know it be a sore spot , I have never have bring it up . larry forget it . I be get use to it . this whole day 's be a nightmare . mike Care to talk about it ? larry well , it 's alot of thing . first 4 of all it 's my 35th birthday . and everyone forget ... well , almost everyone . I get vomit from clip . mike well , happy birthday . larry thanks . I be 35 year old and my life be shit . mike come now , it can not be that bad . larry it 's not that it 's bad , it 's just that it 's ordinary . everything 's the same , you know ? I go bowl , I make model car , I fall asleep in front of the tv every night . tuesday , we have chicken ; Fridays , we go to Jack - in - the - box . there 's just no excitement , no extreme , no fun . mike not everybody can lead a glamorous life , Larry . larry yeah , but why could not I be one of guy who do ? I get brain , I get talent . I be as good as most people . Larry finish the beer and shake he head . e ( continued ) 24 continued : Mike set a Larry take -36 - ( 3 ) 24 larry if only I have hit that goddam ball . my life would have turn out a whole helluva lot better . mike some people believe thing be the way they be for a reason . larry yeah ? well the reason elude I . ( hold up the bottle ) lemme have another , will ya ? mike listen , I have get just the thing for a sober cynic like yourself . a 4 little something of my own design . I call it " the spiilt milk " . larry the spilt milk ? mike . the one drink there 's no use cry over . . larry oh that 's very clever , Mike . glass of milky white liquid in front of Larry . mike it do the job . try it . a sip . larry it 's bitter . {takes a sip ) no , wait , it 's sweet . it 's sorta bitter and sweet . it 's not bad ! mike so tell I more about you life ..+. do you have people who love you ? larry yeah , sure , I guess I do . mike some people can not even say they have that much . ( continued ) 24 25 26 -37 - continued : ( 4 ) 24 larry I suppose . mike and you really think you life would have be better if you have hit that ball ? larry a lot better . Larry take another sip of he spilt milk . larry I swing too late , that 's all . ( think ) if I have just start a half - second ' sooner ... dissolve to : ext . baseball park day ( 1970 ) 25 Larry be at the plate , set to swing . haskins wind up , and throw . slow motion . the ball come right down the middle , closer and closer and closer . Larry swing with all he might . kapow ! he hit it deep to center field . go , go , gone ! over the fence . a tower homerun . the crowd be on its foot , cheering . Larry round the basis to a thunderous ovation as the crowd stream onto the field . as he touch home , he teammate hoist he on they shoulder and carry a ecstatic Larry around triumphantly . . dissolve to : int . '' end of the road " bar evening 26 larry ( smile ) yeah , half - a~second sconer and I woulda be King . a lousy half - a~second . ( continued ) ( '' 26 27 28 29 _738- continued : 26 Larry drain the glass . he toss some money on the bar . larry well ... I think I /11 go outside and wait for the tow truck . thanks for the sympathetic ear , Mike . mike anytime , Larry . that 's what I / m here for . Larry exit . ext . STREET night 27 Larry walk back to where he car be , but it 's go . he look around , anxiously . then he groans . larry great ! they tow it already ! Larry turn to walk back to the bar and sees that the pink neon sign be out , larry terrific ! do not take he long to close . with a heavy sigh , he start walk . . larry this 's be a perfect day . just perfect . ext . larry 's house - driveway night 28 a tired Larry trudge up to he house . he take a few step onto the driveway and stop . : larry it 's paved ! well how about that ? it 's paved ! guzelman come through ! he stomp on the asphalt to make sure it 's real . then he continue up to the house . ext . larry 's house - doorway night 29 Larry put the key in and turn . nothing happen . ( continued ) 29 continued : =39 - 29 larry oh , c / mon . ell -en ! hey ! hon-ee , I be home ! can y’open the door ? he bang loudly on the door . suddenly , a Larry jump larry c’mon , will ya ? my key do not work ! huge black guy , 30 , fling the door open . black guy what the hell be you doin’ , bangin 's on my door like that !? back , apprehensive . larry of hey ! who be you ? what 's go on ? what have you do with my wife ? black guy what be you talk about ? larry okay . listen , man . take whatever you want and leave . but do not hurt anyone , and I will not call the cop , okay ? black guy cop ? man , I be a cop . the black guy flash a badge . Larry show black guy now just what 's you problem ? larry I live here . what ‘’re you do in my house anyway ? be there something wrong ? black guy you house ! I think you better show I some id , pal . right now . he driver license to the cop . black guy " lawrence J. Burrows , 11653 bonny meadow Lane , Forest Hills . " ( continued ) 29 30 31 - 40 - continued : ( 2 ) 29 larry what ? Forest Hills ? Larry look at he license . the black cop lean forward and sniff at Larry . black guy have you be drink ? ext . suburban STREET night 30 Larry be stand under a streetlamp , look at he driver license , completely perplex . black guy 4 go home and sleep it off ! . he hear the door slam behind hin . larry I think I be home . suddenly , a cab pull up . Mike poke he head out . mike hi , Larry . larry Mike ? what be you do here ? mike think you might need a lift right about now . and a explanation . int . taxicab night 31 Mike drive . Larry be in the back . mike well , it 's all very simple really . you know that little thing you do not like about you life ... larry you mean the baseball game ? mike well , it 's be change . larry change ? what do you mean " change " ? ( continued ) 31 continued : -41 - 31 mike you hit the three - two pitch . larry I hit it ? mike right out of the park . larry and that 's why I do not live in my house anymore ? mike exactly . when that moment change , everything else in you life change along with it . 4 Larry eye Mike suspiciously . then he smile knowingly . larry oh I get it , I get it . this be great ! ( chuckle ) tell I , what be they pay you ? because whatever it be , Mike , it be not enough . you be good . you have get just the right amount of sincerity in you voice and a nice twinkle in you eye like this be all for real . I love it ! '' mike what be who pay I , Larry ? larry ellen and clipster . they set this up , right ? it 's some kind of birthday gag . who ’sa black guy ? another actor ? he be great too . mike Larry ... larry never mind , I do not wanna know . I be just gonna play right along . so , uh , Mike ... or whatever you name be , do you do this a lot , I mean change people 's life and everything ? ( continued ) 31 32 33 34 -42= continued : ( 2 ) 31 mike I nve be know to make a few adjustment now and again . Larry be kill himself with laughter . larry I love this ! he make a few adjustment . so the cab drive be , what , like a part time thing ? ext . classy STREET - establishing night 32 the cab pull to a stop in front of a huge mansion . int . cab night . 6 33 Larry peer out at the mansion . . larry this be it , huh ? my new home ? mike this be it . larry well , listen , Mike , why do not you wait here until i. get to the door ? you would not want to miss the expression on my face , wouldja ? mike not for the world . larry I assume you have be take care of . but here 's another five anyway . you be great . Larry hand Mike a tip and climb out of the cab . ext . mansion night 34 Larry head up the walkway toward the house . he sees the mailbox that read " Burrows " . larry gee-zuz , what a production ! they musta spend a fortune on this ? he arrive at the front door , turn and wave at Mike . ( continued ) - 43 - @ 34 continued : 34 larry ( call out ) I be here ... at the door to my new home . Mike wave back . suddenly the door swing open . a butler be stand there . larry oh , hi there . I be Larry . but you probably already know that , right ? butler of course , sir . larry be my wife here ? as if I do not know . butler . of course she be , sir . 35 int . mansion ~ poyer night 35 e@ Larry enter , look around . he make a face : impressed . larry ' not bad . I do not know you could rent place like this for party . so what 's you name ? butler ( confuse ) why , it 's boswell , sir ! larry Nice name . d' you pick it out yourself ? here 's a fin . you be do a@ great job . Larry hand he a '' dollar bill as he continue across the foyer to the live room . boswell look at the 5 dollar bill , perplex . boswell ( to himself ) a fin ? ( continued ) 35 36 -44 - continued : . 35 larry hey boswell . watch how surprised I be gonna be . get ready with a academy award . he throw out he arm , dramatically , and step into the live room . int . live room night 36 larry oh , dar-le ! I be ho -ome ! Cindy jo bumpus run into he open arm . she kiss hin passionately . 4 cindy jo . darling , you be home . I be worried . > Larry 's eye open wide . suddenly , two adorable child , a boy and a girl , about 9 , wrap they arm around he leg . child daddy ! daddy ! do you bring we something ? what do you bring we ? cindy jo where have you be ? ludwig go to pick you up , but they say you have already leave . Larry stare at Cindy jo , stunne . larry Cindy ? what be you do here ? be you in on this too ? where 's clip and ellen ? cindy jo who be clip and ellen ? what be you talk about sweetheart ? in on what ? larry my surprise birthday party . cindy jo the party be not for another two hour , dear . and you tell I you do not want it to be a surprise because you hate surprise . ( continued ) 36 37 -45= continued : 36 his eye widen as he sees on the wall behind Cindy jo : zoom in : a portrait of Larry , Cindy jo , and the kid ! larry gee~zuz Henry Christ ! he leap back a step . cindy jo darling ? what 's wrong ? larry uh , uh ... nothing 's wrong ... he look from the portrait to the real live family . larry '' uh , uh ... would you excuse I a moment please ! he turn and exit . ext . cab night 37 Mike be stand beside the cab , look very nonchalant . Larry hurry up to he , he face full of astonishment . mike well ? larry you be tell the truth , be not you ?! it 's all real ! mike all real . Larry fall against the side of the car in shock . mike be you alright ? larry no , I be not alright ! this kind of thing do not happen every day , ya know ... I mean , one minute you get this , then you get ... this ! Larry look up at the large mansion . ( continued ) 37 continued : ~46 - 37 mike ( proudly ) it be rather remarkable , if I do say so , myself . larry I do not understand any of this . how could my life change this much just because I hit a.stink baseball ? mike well , you see , Larry , one 's destiny be a very complicated thing . every single incident in a person 's life affect everything else that follow . one little change can spin you off in a entirely new 4 direction . you hit the ball , become a hero , marry the prom queen , and so on , and so on , until you find yourself ... exactly where you be ! Larry look askance at Mike . he reach out and poke he in the chest to see if he 's real . larry . what be you , a angel or something ? mike not exactly . larry then what ? mike . have you ever be face with a decision , and you be not sure what to do ? larry yeah , sure , plenty of time . mike but then something inside you make you choose one direction over another ? you could not explain why , but you absolutely know which way to go . larry yeah , so ? ( continued ) 37 38 ~-47 - continued : ( 2 ) 37 mike so that 's I . I make the suggestion and you make the choice . that 's how destiny work , Larry . very subtly . larry well if you do not mind I say so , this certainly have not be very subtle so far . mike well ... there 's a old Roman say about that ... and I should know because I be the old Roman who say it . " the fate lead he who will : he who will not , ... they drag . " i Mike reach out and put a hand on Larry 's shoulder . mike . welcome to you new life , Larry . I hope you like it . Mike smile , then suddenly disappear . Larry look around in shock , feel the air where Mike be . larry hey wait a minute . what be I suppose to do now ? int . mansion - foyer night 38 Cindy jo and the kid be wait by the door , look very perplex . Larry peek in , smile sheepishly . larry hi . it 's I again . Larry . cindy jo why do you run out of the house , sweetheart ? larry oh ... iI , uh , forget to tip the cabbie . cindy jo cabbie ? why do you take a cab ? why do not you wait for ludwig ? ( continued ) @ 38 39 -48 - continued : 38 larry ludwig ? oh , ludwig ! good old ludwig ... well , I do not wait for ludwig because ... because ... I can/t remember what he look like ... Cindy jo look at Larry askance . cindy jo you must be tired , darling . why do not you fix yourself a nice drink before dinner ? cook be prepare you favorite . larry great ! I just love ... my favorite . but then , of course , that 's why it 's 4 my favorite . right ? 6 int . mansion - live room night . 39 Larry stumble half in a daze into the live room . larry I have a cook . I have a favorite . he study a family portrait on the piano . larry I have a whole new family ! good lookin’ kid , too . wonder what they name be ? he look around the magnificently decorate room . he run a hand over the fabric of the sofa . larry ( impressed ) Nice stuff ! probably scotchguard too . he stop in front of a very bizarre - looking piece of sculpture . he frown and lean forward , squinting . he tilt he head to the leave , then to the right . then he bend over , try to make sense of it upside down . larry what be this s'pose to be ? suddenly , he get the feel he 's be watch . and he look between he leg to see : boswell , upside down , stand behind hin . ( continued ) - 49 - @ 39 continued : 39 Larry rights himself , quickly . larry hey , boswell . Nice to see you again . Boy , I never get tired of look at this plaster thing . it 's great , be not it ? boswell indeed , sir . boswell be hold a silver tray with a glass of amber liquid on it . he offer it to Larry . larry what 's this ? boswell e you evening drink , sir . armagnac . 1953 . Larry take the glass and sniff . larry whoa ! I think I 'il pass on that , thanks . but you know what I could @ really use ? a nice , cold brewsky . boswell a brewsky , sir ? larry yeah . Light , if ya get it , no glass . he put the glass on the tray and start across the room . boswell exit , mutter '' brewsky ? brewsky ? " . 40 int . gymnasium night 40 Larry be stand in a large private gym complete with nautilus machine , treadmills , free weight , exercycle , etc . look around in awe . Larry step up onto the treadmill , hit the switch , and go fly backward out of frame . 4h int . garage night 41 overhead florescent light flip on one after another to reveal a long line of spotless classic car : dusenberg , e porsche spyder , bugatti , roll , cord , etc . ( continued ) 4l 42 43 continued : Larry step ludwig , 60 , ~50 - 41 back in shock . larry oh my God ! I have die and go to heaven . the chauffeur approach . ludwig Excuse I , sir . would you like to go for a drive before dinner ? larry who do this car belong to ? ludwig why , they belong to you , sir . larry get the hell out of here . : ludwig as you wish , sir . ludwig turn on he heel and exit . int . wine cellar night 42 Larry walk into a 5,000 bottle wine cellar with rack and rack of old vintage . he pick up a bottle and blow same dust off it . he look at he try to int . party close -up : a over a pool he cough . the label . larry 1959 ? you would think I could afford something new than that . I wonder if it 's any good . unscrew the top , to no avail . he put it back . larry no wonder it 's still here . the cap 's stick . room night 43 cueball . camera pull back to find Larry hunch table , take aim at the ball . ( continued ) 43 44 -51 - continued : 43 camera continue pulling back to find Larry in a large party room fill with every conceivable game and toy , a fully - stock bar , wide - screen tv etc . Larry draw back he cue and hit the ball as hard as he can . the cueball race down - table , bang off a color ball , and bounce off the table onto the floor . boswell enter with a bottle of beer on a silver tray . he pause to let the cueball roll past he , then continue on . boswell you brewsky , sir . Larry come over nonchalantly , take the beer from the tray and take a swig . | * . larry c ah , that hit the spot . thanks , boswell . have one yourself if you ike . boswell thank you , sir . boswell exit . Larry go over to the trophy case . he sees : a number of golf trophy , a yachting cup etc . then he sees : the all - state highschool championship trophy , 1970 . next to it , be a frame newspaper headline , which read : '' burrow 9th inning homer edge fillmore ! " there be a photo of Larry be hoist in the air by he team -mate . Larry smile . he raise the beer bottle in a toast . larry I always know I have it in I . close on : the photo as applause begins . int . party room ~ later night 44 the applause continue . pull back from the photo to find : 40 people gather around Larry as he hold up a wheel of exotic cheese . other unwrapped gift be spread out in front of he . larry wow ! hey , just what I want ... a big hunk of cheese . ( continued ) 44 continued : -52 - 44 guest it 's stilton , lj . larry well , thanks there , stilton . Bet it go great with tomato and mayonnaise on sourdough . there be nervous laugh from the guest . Cindy jo give he a kiss . larry thanks for remember my birthday , everyone . this be really terrific gift . the other pat he on the back and shake he hand . Larry smile , still a little overwhelm by it all . larry really . thank you . thanks , stilton . you too , Mr. steuben , thanks for the terrific glass thing . guest # 1 happy birthday , lj. guest # 2 many more , li . guest # 3 all the best . he move through the crowd . suddenly , a larry thank you , thanks . you really should not have . big blustery guy pull he aside . blustery guy buddy -boy , we need to jaw ! teddy think the market be overpriced , but I be not so sure . what do you think ? larry well , it depend on which one you go to . safeway 's probably the cheapest . but a&p 's not bad either . ( continued ) 44 45 -53 - continued : ( 2 ) 44 blustery guy what ? oh ! safeway ! I get it ! it 's a joke ! har ! har ! that 's a good one ! larry yeah , har , har ... Excuse I , will ya ... buddy - boy . Larry move away . the blustery guy turn to a woman stand next to he . blustery guy be I go nut or do lj Burrows just make a joke ? 's ' 45 int . party room night - elsewhere Larry be stand at the bar , pour a drink . harry lo! he turn to see he now - toupeed father , Harry , come toward he , a beautiful young brunette , gina , on he arm . larry dad ! you ‘’re here ! ( realize ) well of course you be here . harry many happy return , kid ! swell shindig ! say helio to gina . gina , my kid . gina very nice to make you acquaintance . harry we make we acquaintance in Morocco at Club Med , if you know what I mean . larry ( the gina ) Excuse we a moment , will you ? Larry pull Harry aside . ( continued ) 45 continued : -54 - 45 larry be you crazy ? comin 's in here with that girl ? what if mom find out ? she all skin you alive . harry relax , we sign the papers a week ago , I be free and clear now . so what d'ya thinka gina ? hot stuff , huh ? larry paper ? what papers ? harry divorce papers ! ' larry e ( shocked ) you and Mom be divorced ?! harry of course we be divorced . nothing last forever . you tell I that yourself ! ~ larry I say that ? harry yeah , and you be right . larry but where 's Mom ? harry what do you mean , where 's Mom ? she 's in New York . happy as a clam with she lunch and charity and all the rest of that old biddy shit . now listen , can you spot I ten grand ? gina 's killin’ I to take she to St. Bart 's . okay ? you be ace , kid . Harry slap Larry on the back and go off with gina . Larry be shocked . it 's the first suggestion that thing may not be perfect in he new life . Cindy jo come by . ( continued ) - 55 ~ 45 continued : ( 2 ) 45 cindy jo Larry , do not just stand here in the middle of the room . mingle . Larry be still in shock . cindy jo what 's wrong ? larry my parent be divorced . cindy jo of course they be , dear . everyone 's parent be divorced . now go take care of you quest , i voice e great party , Larry ! Larry turn to see Mike wander past , all dress up and sip champagne . | larry . Mike ! what be you do here ? mike enjoy the champagne . Mike continue on . larry Excuse I , I be go to mingle . Larry leave Cindy jo and follow Mike . 46 int . live room night - elsewhere 46 Larry catch up to Mike who be stand by the hor d’oeuvre table , eat canape . larry you do not tell I my parent be divorced . mike this caviar be quite good . larry be there anything else I should know about ? ( continued ) 46 47 -56 - continued : 46 mike what do you mean ? larry I mean be there anything else that 's go to come as a shock ? mike all of it will to some degree . larry to what degree ? mike you will see . you have to take the bad with the good , Larry . larry . what do you mean the bad with the good ? : mike you do not think everything would be perfect , do you ? larry well , I suppose not ... mike then just take it all in stride and you will be fine . this be you life , Larry . learn to enjoy what you have get . Mike pat he on the back and walk away . Larry think a moment . larry yeah , I guess I should . boswell step up with a bottle of beer on a tray . boswell a brewsky , sir ? int . mansion <- foyer night 47 Larry and Cindy jo wave goodbye at the door , as the last guest leave . larry Nice bunch . and they give terrific present . ( continued ) 47 48 49 50 -57 - continued : 47 cindy jo you still have one more present come . Cindy jo turn to go back into the house , then look back seductively at Larry . cindy jo I ' will be upstairs . int . den night 48 Larry pour himself a tall glass of straight scotch . larry okay , lare , you can do it , babe . you want this you whole life . just do not get too drunk . you know what happen when you get too drunk . he downs the scotch in one gulp . int . hallway night 49 he approach a door . he straighten himself out , suavely , knock and go in . a moment later , the door open . Larry step into the hallway , look around , try to recover nonchalantly . larry Nice closet . int . bedroom night 50 there be a knock . Larry enter . he look around the lavishly appoint room : Cindy jo be not in evidence . larry Cindy ? honey ? be you in here ? then the fantasy start : smoke roll out , music begins , light , and Cindy jo make she appearance : a vision of sexual excitement . cindy jo happy birthday , darling . Larry 's eye widen . fade to black - 58 - e 51 int . dressing room morning $ 1 Larry enter whistling " happy day be here again " . he be wear a pair of pin-stripe pants and a white shirt . larry ( buoyant ) good morning , boswell . sleep well ... I do not , if you know what I mean . boswell you jacket , sir . larry isn not this a little drab for such a happy guy ? I feel like something in red . boswell . but you always wear the blue pinstripe to board meeting , sir . . : larry board meeting ? ( realize ) sonofabitch ! of course ! I be marry '' @ to Cindy jo ! so I must be the president of Liberty Republic ! boswell indeed , sir . for some time now . larry of course . I know that . it 's just that I be so happy about it , I like to remind myself every so often . how do I look ? boswell you look wonderful , sir . larry good answer ! give yourself a raise , boswell . hundre buck a week . boswell most generous , sir . Larry exit , smile . 52 ~59 ~ int . breakfast room day 52 the maid , juanita , be feed the two kid a continental breakfast of croissant , English preserve and big bowl of capuccino . the kid be dress in private school uniform . Larry enter and take a seat at the table . larry Morning , kid . child Morning , Father . Larry pick up a croissant . larry hey , pillsbury crescent rolis ! juanita place a bowl of capuccino in front of hin . he look down at it , perplex . larry what 's this ? cream of wheat ? boy capuccino , daddy . larry right . I know that . he dip a spoon in the capuccino . he take a sip . larry ( eye widen ) whoa ! this will keep you awake for the rest of you life , huh ? Larry laugh . the kid stare at he askance . larry Nice stuff though . must be yuban - should you kid be drink this ? girl we always do , daddy . larry oh . I guess it 's okay then . ochange subject ) so what 's up with you two ? go out for baseball , son ? gonna be a cheerleader just like you Mom , sweetheart ? ( continued ) ~ 60 ~ - e@ 52 continued : 52 the kid look at one another : what be he talk about ? Boy you tell I not to go out for baseball . you say I have get too dirty and sweaty . yy I say that ? boy yeah . so I go out for the Young Republican Club instead . because you say that 's how you get to be President . larry 5 oh right . of course . 's ( to the girl ) and what have I tell you to do , . sweetheart ? girl develop my leg . so I be take ballet . and guess what ? miss baxter ' have choose I to be the lead dancer in the school 's preduction of swan Lake . larry President of the United States and a ballerina , huh ? sound good . Cindy jo sweep in , look radiant . cindy jo morn-ne ! she pat the kid on the head and kiss Larry . larry want some of this stuff ? it / 11 really dilate you eyeball . cindy jo just juice , please , juanita . I be in a mad rush . I have a 9 o'clock with raoul for a body perm , and primal scream therapy at 11:00 . I be just afraid the therapy session will ruin my perm ... maybe I should have my hair do after the primal scream . what do you think , darling ? @ ( continued ) 52 53 54 -61 - continued : ( 2 ) 52 Larry look at she , uncomprehend ; then he shrug . cindy jo you be right . what difference do it make ? I / x11 scream but I will not throw myself on the floor . Larry smile and nod , pretend he understand what the hell she 's talk about . cindy jo well , I be off . bye all . as she leave , Larry hold up the bowl of capuccino . larry oh Cindy , would you pick up a jar i of folger 's decaf at the 7 - 11 ? this taste like it 's be on the burner all night ! . the kid be still stare at he . he smile sheepishly . larry Nice stuff , though . ext . STREET day 53 a classic , mint-condition ' 34 dusenberg go fish -tail around a corner . ext . LIBERTY republic ~ parking lot day 54 close on : a sign which read : " lj burrow - reserve . all other will be towed ! " the dusenberg screech to a halt in front of it . Larry , in the driver 's seat , be beam . ludwig be hunch down in the seat , sheet - white . larry ( get out ) . I tell you we could beat that train through the crossing . ludwig so you do , sir . ( continued ) 54 55 56 -62= continued : . 54 larry give yourself a raise , ludwig . hundre buck a week . you be alright . he glance down at he parking space as he walk by . larry my own parking space ! it 's about time ! int . office day 55 Larry walk through , full of energy , wave to everyone . larry , hey , how ya doin 's ! Nice to see ya . how 's it goin 's ! he wink and smile at a pair of pretty , young secretary . he pass three guy stand at a coffee maker . larry Morning , fella ! how they hangin’ ? the guy watch he continue down the hallway , still wave and say " hello " and " good Morning " . 1st guy how they hangin’ ? what 's with he ? 2 nd guy I do not know , but it give I the creep . 3rd guy he have that same look on he face the day he fire the entire accounting staff . int . larry 's office day 56 Larry enter he lavish office , look around in awe . larry awwwww-right ! he sit in he swivel chair and spin around and around . the intercom buzy . he hit the switch . ( continued ) 56 ~63~ continued : 56 larry yeah , talk to I . secretary ( over intercom ) Mr. pender and Mr. flick be on they way up , sir . larry oh , shit . do they still work here ? secretary I beg you pardon ? larry nothing . whadda they want ? t secretary ( over intercom ) I really would not know , sir . , larry well , tell ‘em I be busy . oh , say , could you find out if a clip metzler and a ellen burr ... I mean ripley , ellen ripley work here ? secretary ( over intercom ) I know Mr. metzler work in accounting , but I '1 ] 1 have to check on ellen ripley . larry thank you . he get up and walk around the office examine thing . he see a bottle of johnnie Walker Black on the wet~bar . larry aw -right , lare . the good stuff . he open a door mark " private " to reveal a apartment , very sumptuously and tastefully decorate . larry what be this ?! Larry enter the apartment . the office door open and he secretary , jewel Jagger ( formerly the forklift operator ) , enter carry a cup of coffee and a stack of message . she look around the office ; Larry be not there . then she hear something from the apartment and peer in . 57 ~64~ int . apartment day 57 Larry be sit wide - eye on a King ~ size bed watch a bank of nine television sets all tune to a different program . he 's constantly move he head , try to follow each show . larry ( to himself ) nothing like watch nine different show . at once . he see jewel and get off the bed . larry oh! good morning ! ( beat ) hey , I know you . from the forklift . i she hand he he coffee . larry oh , thanks , but I take it with milk and sug ... she slap he face . larry then again , black will be fine . she push he back onto the bed and straddle hin . jewel just where the hell be you last night ? I wait until midnight ! then I go to bed . alone ! larry well , I be , uh , real sorry , uh , uh ... jewel it 's jewel ! have you forget my name already ? larry right . jewel . I know that . she get up and storm out into the office . he follow , confuse and nervous . larry listen , I be really , really sorry , jewel , but I guess I could not make it . I have this party ... 58 ~65 - int . office day 58 jewel pour herself a scotch and throw it back . jewel you guess you could not make it !? where be you ? out with this ellen ripley bitch ? larry pid you find out if she work here ? jewel advance on Larry push he back to he desk . : jewel no , she do not work here ! and if she suddenly start work here , you all live to regret it ! she stab the letter opener into he desk blotter . larry '' listen , jewel , what do you say we double you salary ? she sneer at he , then turn to exit just as nile and Lewis come in , all business , speak very quickly . nile lj ! what d‘ya think of the plan for the New Jersey plant ? I wanna call Bob and let he know one way or another . lewis I think it 's a big mistake to set up in New Jersey , lj. when jewel slam the door behind she , nile immediately become conspiratorial . nile - we need to talk , lj . someplace private . how about the country Club ? nakamura want we answer by close of business , day after tomorrow or he forget the whole deal . be we on ? larry for New Jersey ? nile no , for golf ! ( continued ) 58 ~66 ~ continued : 58 larry sure . but what about Bob ? nile who care about Bob ? the door open a crack and Leo hansen peer in , meekly . leo Excuse I , lj ? be I disturbing you ? Larry leap to he foot . larry Mr. hansen , sir ! come in , come in . Leo see Larry charge across the office toward he ard cower back out the door . Larry pull he back into the office . '' larry what can I do for you , sir ? leo I just want to apologize for not attend you birthday party last night . my ulcer be act up and ... larry do not mention it . you do not miss a thing . a bunch of real stiff . I get cheese and a glass thing . can you believe it ? nile we really should get go , lj . we tee off in fifteen minute . larry oh , okay . well , hey , why do not you join we , Mr. hansen ? we be go golf . I play golf , ya know . I could probably help you get rid of you slice . leo really ? you want to play golf with I ? he throw a arm over Leo 's shoulder and they stroll out . ( continued ) 58 59 ~67 - continued : ( 2 ) 58 larry sure . or maybe you could help I get rid of my slice . whatever that be . nile and Lewis look at one another , perplex . ext . golf course day : 59 Larry be about to tee off . he plant he ball , set , and swing . but he top the ball and it dribble a few foot down the freeway . he run after it . larry no fair ! that be only a practice swing ! 5 nile and Lewis look at each other , askance . Larry grab up the ball and run back to the tee . larry I get one more try . he plant the ball again , set , and swing . the ball hook right and bounce into a sandtrap . larry shoot ! I land in the dirt pit ! can I go again ? nile well , sir , there be some other wait to tee off ... Larry look back to see two foursomes wait impatiently . larry okay . c’mon leo! I /1l1 race ya ! he and Leo get into they cart and head down the fairway . nile and Lewis watch they as they race away : Larry drive erratically , swerving all over the course . lewis I do not get it . ( continued ) 59 60 61 ~68- continued : 59 nile I do . he 's play the boob in order to lull poor Leo into a false sense of security before sell the company out from under he . I only wish I have think of it . they look down the fairway and see Larry swerving along , club tumble from he golf bag . nile it 's absolute genius . ext . golf course - elsewhere day 60 Larry , Leo , nile and Lewis be walk back to the 4 clubhouse . Lewis be hold a towel to he forehead . larry . I be real sorry about that , Lewis . do not you hear I yell " duck ! duck ! " ? lewis the usual word be " fore " , lj . larry right . fore . I know that . nile perhaps we could talk about the nakamura deal after lunch , lj ? in private ? there be a few point ... lar : stop suddenly : he see Mike on the practice green show a attractive young woman how to putt . larry yeah , sure thing , nile . would you guy excuse I a sec ? I just wanna practice my put . he grab a driver out of he bag and start over . ext . golf course ~- practice GREEN day 61 Mike be wear a orange golf shirt , red cardigan and greenish - mustard slack . ( continued ) - 69 — e 61 continued : 61 mike and do not forget the follow - through . there 's no use play if you do not plan to follow through . young woman thanks for the advice , Mike . the Young woman leave as Larry come over , excited . larry Mike ! what nre you do here ? as they talk , Mike continue he put . mike I '' the club pro . for a moment or two , anyway . though I must say I be not overly fond of the attire . larry listen , Mike , I can not thank you enough for what 's happen . mike I be pretty sure the color of this pants be unknown to nature . larry what you say be absolutely right ! ya gotta take the bad with the good . and in this case the good be great ! mike most people believe power be the essential element of the game . the hard drive off the tee . the long iron down the fairway ... larry I get ton of dough , my own company , ~ a gorgeous wife who can not keep she hand off I ... mike but it 's finesse that 's most important , Larry . the easy , lofting chip shot . the gentle stroke across the green ... Mike stroke a 35 - foot putt across the green . ( continued ) 61 62 -70 - continued : ( 2 ) 61 larry ( lean close ) I have even get a mistress . me! a mistress ! can ya believe it ? the ball go right into the cup . mike not bad . larry not bad ? it 's terrific ! mike thank you , Larry . larry t thank you , Mike . " Mike lean rakishly on he putter . 's mike ( smile ) just take care of business . then he disappear . pop ! his putter stand alone , not fall . Larry look around to see if anyone notice ; no one do . then he grab the putter and walk away nonchalantly . int . cafeteria day 62 lunchtime . the cafeteria be . crowded . Larry walk quickly through , wave cheerfully . employees stare at he in amazement . Larry slap a guy on the back . larry how ya doin 's ! Larry grab a tray and start through the line . _ he look down the line and sees something . his eye widen . larry oh my God ! he Pov : ellen be stand at the cash register . she be smile and laugh with the cash person . she be radiant , more beautiful than ever . ( continued ) 62 - t1 - continued : 62 Larry run down the line , excited , bump people aside . larry ellen ! ellen ! it 's I , Larry ! ellen turn to see Larry hurry toward she . she back away , startle . overjoyed , he wrap she in a big hug . larry I be so glad to see you ! I be wonder where you be ! everyone in line be watch . ellen be in shock . he hold she out at arm 's length and look at she . larry Boy , do you ever look great ! do you lose weight or something ? she break out of he grasp and straighten herself 's up . ellen I beg you pardon . larry they tell I you do not work here - there 's no record of a ellen ripley and I know it would not be under Burrows . ellen Burrows ? why would it be under Burrows ? my name be Robertson . larry Robertson ? what be you do with that name ? ellen it 's customary for a woman to take she husband 's name , Mr. Burrows . now if you will excuse I . she turn and walk away coldly . Larry follow she . . larry you ‘’re marry ? when do that happen ? ellen six year ago . but do not worry , I be not marry on company time . ( continued ) 62 continued : -72 - ( 2 ) 62 larry gee-zuz ! what ’dja do , marry the first guy that come along ? ellen if you do not mind , Mr. Burrows , I would like to eat my lunch . she sit down at a table ; Larry sit down beside she . it suddenly ellen walk larry so who be this Robertson guy anyway ? what 's he look like ? what 's he do for a live ? ellen just because I work for you do not 4 mean you have a right to pry into my private life . don on he how out of line he be . larry well , yes , of course it do not . I be just , uh , concerned ... as I be about all my employee , miss , I mean Mrs. Robertson . ellen concern for you employee have never be you strong suit , Mr. Burrows ... now if you will excuse I , I have rather eat by myself . away , leave Larry at the table , perplex . Mike sit down beside he dress as a factory worker . he have a tray of food . mike you really should do something about this meatloaf , Larry . it 's absolutely inedible . . larry what 's with ellen ? why 's she so mad at I ? mike she 's the union shop steward . the union be upset over all the lay-off , the increase workload , the pay freeze ... and I be sure , the meatloaf . ( continued ) @ 62 continued : ~73 - ( 3 ) 62 larry so ? what 's that get to do with I ? mike you be the president of the company . they mortal enemy . larry but I would not lay anybody off . mike but you do . and so ... ellen hate you gut . larry ellen hate my personal gut ? mike e with a passion . larry no . I do not believe it . mike you will find a lot of people do not like you , Larry . that 's the price you pay for power and wealth . larry well , what be I gonna do ? I can not have she hat my gut all over the place . she 's my wife , for chrissake ! mike . be you wife , I have to go now . this meatloaf be make I sick . really , Larry , do something about the food in this place . larry what be I go to do about ellen ? mike whatever you do will be fine . see you later . Mike disappear again . larry ( to himself ) he 's a big help . it suddenly occur to he that Mike just disappear . he look around quickly to see if anyone notice . ~ 74 ~ 63 int . hallway day Larry be walk down a hallway , still confuse and upset . larry ( mumble ) I be not a bad guy . I be a nice guy ! he stop a young employee walk by . larry hey kid , I be a nice guy , right ? you like I , right ? young employee ( terrify ) yes sir , I like you , sir . larry i good . give yourself a raise . '' he continue down the hall . larry ( to himself ) I know I be a nice guy . suddenly , from a doorway right in front of he , a stream of papers come fly out into the hall . there be a cry of anguish from the room . then a horrible electronic whine and a loud crash . Larry peer into the room to see : 64 int . xerox room day a man , he back to the door , be try to catch the sheet of paper spew from a huge xerox machine . larry geez , I think ya bust it , pal . the man turn : it 's clip metzler , look panicked . larry clipper ! it 's you ! clip 's eye widen in terror . clip oh , my God , Mr. Burrows , sir ... ( continued ) 63 64 64 65 ~75 - continued : 64 larry cut the " sir " crap , clipper , it 's I , lare ! C / ’mere , gimme a hug . God , I have miss you . he start toward clip with he arm wide . larry wait 'il I tell you what happen ! clip begin back away . clip it be a accident , sir . larry I be the President of Liberty Republic ! can you believe it ? Larry keep advance ; clip back around behind the xerox machine . clip I be aware of that , sir . and I want you to know that I ’1ll pay for any damage ... larry forget about that ! just come over here so I can kiss you head ! Larry keep advance on he . clip gasp , dart around the other side of the machine and race out the door . larry clip ! come back here ! what 's the matter with you ?! int . hallway day 65 Larry come out of the xerox room and call after clip who be run as fast as he can down the hallway . larry clipper ! for chrissake come back here , will ya ! Larry take a few more step , then stop as '' he sees clip disappear around a corner at the far end of the hall . larry clipper ? it 's I , Larry . - 76 ~ e 66 int . limousine day 66 Larry be sit in the back , look out the window , deep in think . ludwig be drive . larry can I ask you something , ludwig ? ludwig yes , sir . larry do you like I ? ludwig yes sir , I like you very much , sir . in the background , we hear a car horn : honking . larry . be you just say that because I pay you salary ? . ludwig no sir . I would say that even if you do not pay my salary . @ Larry nod , disbely . in the background , the horn honking get louder . Larry look out the window again at a cab driver in the car next to he . he Pov : the cab driver be shaking he fist at he . cab driver why do not you get outa the way ! make some room for the rest of we ! the cab Driver be Jackie earle bumpus , look a lot less prosperous and happy . Larry brighten and roll down the window . larry Jackie ! it 's I , Larry Burrows ! jackie earle I do not care who ya be , ya piece of rich shit ! ya think ya own the whole road or something ? . the cab pull ahead and cut the limo off , force it to e stop sharply at the curb . ( continued ) 66 67 -77 - continued : 66 ludwig be you alright , sir ? larry yeah , I be fine . Larry look out the window into a alleyway and sees : a mangy dog root around in the garbage . Larry squint : it 's sammy ! Larry jump out of the limo and start down the alley . larry sammy ! sammy ! here boy ! here boy ! sammy sees Larry approach and growls , bear he tooth . larry sammy ! it 's I . Larry . . sammy continue back away and growling . larry come on , boy . let 's go for a ride in the car . you can stick you head out the window and everything . sammy growls viciously , then turn and run down the alley . larry sammy ! his call echoes down the alley . int . larry 's house ~~ den night : 67 newspaper be spread on the floor . Larry , dress in a tuxedo , be sit cross - legge surround by the bit and piece of a model car . he seem sad , lose in think as he examine the door- piece of the model . cindy jo ( from behind ) Larry ! we be go to be late ! what on earth be you do ? he turn to see Cindy jo , in a evening gown , he son in a tuxedo and he daughter in a frilly dress . ( continued ) 67 68 ~78 - continued : 67 larry I do not feel like see Opera tonight . I never care that much for it to tell you the truth . all that holler in italian ... I can never tell what they be say . Cindy jo come over to see what he 's do . cindy jo what 's this ? larry a gull -wing mercede . pretty , be not it ? cindy jo i yes I know , dear . you have one in the garage . larry . that one 's too big . he look at the half - finish model . larry I kinda like ‘em smaller . cindy jo . be you alright ? you have be act very strange lately . larry I be fine . you guy go on without I . have a good time . I need to finish this up . Cindy jo sigh and exit with the kid . ext . house night 68 Larry 's ' 54 porsche spyder pull up across the street from a small bungalow , nicely - keep , on a quiet street . Larry , still in he tux , look out at the house a moment . larry Nice house . better than the one we have . suddenly , the front door open . ellen 's husband tom robertson , 36 , very good - look , come out . he start down the sidewalk . ( continued ) 68 -739 - continued : 68 Larry duck down in he seat . suddenly , Robertson turn back toward bungalow . , tom I just want to borrow some cutlery , ellen . I have no cutlery . none . all I be ask for be a couple of lousy knife and fork ! ellen come to the door . ellen why do not you ask you girlfriend for a knife and fork ! or do the little bitch eat with she finger ! Robertson try to take on a friendlier tone . tom a come on , honey , be reasonable . I make a mistake , and I be very sorry for it . now can not we try to put all this behind we ? ellen slam the door with a resounding bang . Robertson turn and start down the sidewalk again . Larry realize what 's go on and smile . larry this be good . this be very good . Larry ease out of he car and sneak across the street as Robertson get into he corvette and drive off . Larry approach a side window of the bungalow and peer in . he sees ellen pace angrily in the live room . ellen that miserable rotten creep ! ellen pick up a frame photo of Robertson and throw it in the fireplace . then she walk out of the room . Larry chuckle gleefully . larry that 's my girl . suddenly , the huge face of a St. Bernard lunge out of nowhere at the glass , barking loudly . ( continued ) 68 - 80 - continued : ( 2 ) ° 68 with a startled cry , Larry tumble backward into the shrubbery . ellen come back in the live room . ellen what 's the matter , hercules ? you want out ? the dog keep on barking . ellen okay , come on . she pull the dog from the window . the front door open and the St. Bernard come charge out , snarling and barking . it race across the lawn and begin sniff the trunk of a tree . pan up the trunk to find Larry sit in the branch , look down and breathe heavily . larry ( whisper ) go away . get outa here . scram . suddenly , Mike appear beside Larry , startling he - larry geezuz , do not do that ! I almost fall outa the tree . mike this be a very strange place to be spend the evening and you seem a touch overdress . larry keep you voice down . where in God 's name have you be anyway ? everything 's turn to shit ! all my old friend hate my gut . ellen , clip , Jackie earle , even sammy . .-- mike but you have new friend now . ( continued ) 68 continued : -81 - ( 3 ) 68 larry they be a bunch of jerk ! I want my old friend back . they might have be a little weird , but at least they be real people . they would not give I cheese for ny birthday , I x11 tell you that much . mike well , as I tell you , you have to take ... larry I know , I know ... the bad with the good . you be full of cute little say , be n not you ? I just want my old friend to like I . be that : so much to ask ? mike you can not have everything , Larry . larry again with the say . mike Larry , you have to understand that people see you differently now . it go with you new life . larry but how come I be such a nice guy in my old life and I become such a prick bastard in this one ? mike even a nice guy can become unlikable give the right set of circumstance . sometimes thing just happen and you do not really have a Choice in the matter . larry no choice , huh ? well we will see about that . I think it 's time to make some change around here . the St. Bernard start barking at they again - larry can not you do anything about this ? mike go away doggie . beat it . shoo . ( continued ) e '' 69 70 -82 - continued : ( 4 ) 68 the St. Bernard do not move . mike do not work . sorry . larry I be start to wonder about you . mike I tell you I only make suggestion . take they or not be up to the suggestee . larry well , how do . you suggest we get out of this ? : mike ' the real question , Larry , be how do you get out of this . : Mike smile and disappear . larry I be get real tired of all this disappear shit . wide : the tree , the St. Bernard still at the foot of it . larry shoo. scat. scram . get outa here . go rescue skier in the alp or something . dissolve thru to : ext . house - same scene next morning 69 the dog be go . the sun be up . bird be chirping . we hear snoring . then a sudden snort and Larry tumble out of tree and hit the ground with a dull thud . ext . LIBERTY republic - parking lot day 70 a crowd be gather in the parking lot , stare up at the office tower . a figure be stand on the edge the roof 10 storey up . nile and Lewis be there with two security men . ( continued ) 70 71 -83 - continued : 70 the crowd part as the porsche pull in . a disshevel Larry get out , he tuxedo soile and askew . he try to brush himself off and look up to see : the man on the uppermost ledge of the building . larry what 's go on ? nile some lunatic name , uh ... what 's he name , Lewis ? lewis metzbaum , metsfield , I do not know ... he 's in accounting . larry metzler ? clip metzler ? nile he 's threaten to jump . larry well do not just stand there , get something soft on the ground . Lewis , get some man to get 3 or 4 trampoline out of the warehouse . lewis but lj ... larry just do it ! now ! he might hurt himself , for God 's sake ! Lewis jump to it . Larry start off toward the tower . ellen be watch from the edge of the crowd . ext . admin build - office tower ledge day 71 clip be stand on the edge . he 's have trouble look down . Larry come out onto the reof and start toward hin . clip be careful , Mr. Burrows . you know what happen to a guy when he fall onto concrete from 130 foot up ? - Larry stop about 10 foot away . ( continued ) 71 continued : '' b4 - 71 clip well , course I do not know for sure myself . but it can not be very pleasant . larry then why do not we both get down from here , clip , where it 's safe ? clip what for ? my whole life have be one disaster after another . nothing I do ever work , I be a loser . and after what happen yesterday , I know you be go to fire I . I be just tired of fail , that 's all . larry '' I be not go to fire you , clip . in fact ... I come up here to offer . you a new job . executive vice President ! one twenty - five to start . clip ( brighten ) really !? : larry really . clip ( realize ) oh I get it . I know what you be do . you nre just try to talk I out of this . as soon as I be back down on the ground , boom ! no job , and I be off to the funny farm . do not kid I , Mr. Burrows . I may be a goof but I be no dope . larry I be net kid you , clip . nothing will happen . I give you my word . clip why should I take you word for anything ? ( continued ) 71 72 ~85 - continued : ( 2 ) 71 larry because we be friend ... I mean , we be friend . remember ? back in the eighth grade ? when we use to hang around together ? and throw rubber vomit in the girl 's locker room so they would run out in they underwear ? clip be staggered back a step . he teeter on the edge . clip you remember that ?! larry of course I do . and remember when we see " bonnie and clyde " 9 time , then squirt ketchup on ourselves , and run around die in slow motion all over the place . clip smile , remember . . : clip yeah , that be fun . scare the crap outa my baby sister . larry and I remember how you use to always try to make I laugh when I feel rotten . clip gee , I do not think you even think about all that stuff anymore . larry I think about it all the time . a vulnerable clip look at Larry . larry cc’mon , clip , lemme take you down . 72 ext . parking lot day clip and Larry come out of the tower , nile and Lewis rush forward with the Security Men . nile hold he for the police ! Larry step in front of clip . the Security Men stop . ( continued ) 72 continued : Larry spy ellen step -86 - 72 larry back off , pender . no police . nile do you want we to throw he off the property ? larry I want you to get he a mercede . the vice President of East Coast sale can not be see in anything less . nile vice - President ? larry i read my lip , pender . nile . yes , lj , you be the boss . larry you be damn right I be . ellen in the crowd . larry now get the board together ! I want a full meeting in ten minute . nile yes , lj. larry miss ripley ! I mean ... Mrs. Robertson ... out of the crowd . larry can you get you people together ? ellen well ... larry good ! meet we in the board room in ten minute . we be go to put a end to this strike bullshit once and for all . nile , Lewis , ellen etc. stand look at he a moment , amaze . ( continued ) 72 73 ~ '' b7 - continued : ( 2 ) 72 larry well , move it , people !! let 's go ! they all scatter . Larry feel pretty good . he beam . int . boardroom day 73 management and labor team sit across the long boardroom table from each other , arguing loudly . suddenly , the door slam . all turn to see Larry . larry I have just finish read the latest contract demand and they seem ... very reasonable . a murmur of disbelief from all . lewis reasonable ? but , lj ... larry in fact I be prepare to agree to all of they ... on one condition ... ( peat ) that Mrs. Robertson and I meet alone toa go over the final detail ... a uproar in the background . ellen ' 's eye widen . larry perhaps tonight over dinner . nile lj , I do not think we should be so hasty ... ellen dinner ? but I do not see why we can not do it ... larry it would be strictly business , Mrs. Robertson . you want to bring this dispute to a end , do not you ? ellen well , yes ... of course I do . ( continued ) 73 74 ~88~ continued : 73 nile there be a few thing you seem to be forget , lj ! larry I ' will pick you up at seven . how 's that ? ellen well , okay ... I guess . larry ( smile } good . then it 's a date . he extend he hand . ' ellen hesitates a moment , then take it and they shake on the deal . the uproar continue . fade through to : int . board room - later day 74 Larry be at one end of the table , make some note . the other board member file out past nile and Lewis . when the last have go , nile close the door . nile how could you do that , li ? larry Real easy once you get the hang of it , nile . lewis do you realize what a big union contract do to the nakamura deal ? larry no I do not . and just who the hell 's this nakamura guy anyway and what 's he deal ? nile and Lewis appear puzzle . lewis be you kid , lj ? ( continued ) 74 -39 - continued : '' 74 larry do I look like I be kid ? nile what about this ? nile open a file folder and hand Larry a memo . it read : leveraged buy-out via metasport . larry metasport . where have I see this ... ch , I remember now . this be the paper that be in you desk ... he read the memo quickly , eye widen with shock . nile ' as you can see , a union contract will drop the price by about 5 dollar a share . . larry you be go to sell this company to the japanese ! that 's what this be all about ? ( stop ) wait a minute . what 's my name do down here at the bottom ? 0h my God ! do not tell I this be my idea ! nile of course it be , lj . and it be my idea to buy up steck in a dummy corporation call metasport so when the company sell , most of the profit would go to we . lewis this be a deal worth 120 million dollar , li ! larry ( stunne ) 120 million dollar !? nile profit . to we . Larry think a moment . ( continued ) 74 75 -90 - continued : ( 2 ) ' 74 larry yeah ? well , that be then . this be now . the deal 's finish . we do not sell to anybody and from here on , this company 's gonna be run on the square . he start out , then stop at the door and turn back . larry ( smile ) oh by the way , I hope you two have be keep up you unemployment payment . because this company and you company ... be parting company . have a nice day . he leave . Lewis immediately start pace , wring he hand , lewis oh , I know it ! I just know it ! he 's go to go to the authority ... nile stop whining , you fat twerp ! he 's not go to the authority . lj Burrows be too crooked for that . I know what he 's up to . he 's decide to take it all for himself . int . larry office day 75 Larry be at he desk . he press the intercom . larry could you step in here a moment , jewel ? jewel yes , sir . Larry sit , wait . larry ( to himself ) she 's a adult , she 'il understand . he see the letter opener on he desk and quickly slip it into a drawer . jewel enter and come over to the desk . ( continued ) 75 =-91 - continued : 75 jewel yes , lu ? larry jewel , honey , I realize I '' probably the fulfillment of all you sexual desire , but I be afraid we little affair have to end . jewel stand look at he impassionately . jewel yes , lj. larry I be sorry , but that 's the way I feel . we should never have let it happen . : jewel : yes , lj. larry under the circumstance , I think it might be better for both of we , if you find employment elsewhere . I will give you a glow letter of recommendation , of course . jewel yes , lj. larry ( relieved ) well , I '' glad you be take this so well . jewel I guess some thing just be not mean to be , lj. larry that 's the spirit . he come around the desk and kiss she on the forehead . larry I know you have understand . he go out . jewel calmly pick up a frame photo of Larry , look at it , then smashes it on the corner of the desk . 76 -92 - int . mansion - dressing room night 76 Larry be whistling as he get ready for he date with ellen ; tie he tie in the mirror . suddenly , Mike appear in the mirror , stare back at he . larry geezuz ! do not do that , Mike ! mike congratulation , Larry . it 's a brave man who take command of he own destiny . larry yeah , well , thanks . I feel pretty good about it myself . mike . and you do not feel guilty run . around with ellen behind Cindy jo 's 2 back ? larry guilty ? why should I feel guilty ? I just get here , remember ? it 's not like I have a history with Cindy jo or anything ... I mean I hardly even know she ... mike well , okay fine . say , what do you think of this tie ? I find a wonderful little shop ... larry wait a sec , wait a sec . what do you mean ... " well , okay fine " ? mike oh , nothing really . it 's just that Cindy jo 's be a loyal and loving wife for the last 10 year and the mother to a pair of ador child , the fruit of you personal loin . larry what be you get at , Mike ? ( continued ) 76 continued : ~93~ 76 mike you destiny have be change , Larry ..- by request I might add , and you have to respect the circumstance of you new life . they be of you own make , after all . larry if I make ‘em , I can unmake ‘em . Harry Burrows storm in and Mike fade from the mirror . harry goddammit , kid ! Lewis flick just tell I you torpedoed the jap deal ! larry ' you know about that ? harry do not play dumb with I . you bring I in on this for a big slice . how d'ya expect I to keep a babe like gina happy without a shitload of money ? larry she 's not important , dad . neither be the money . I get it all work out . look at this . he hand he a telegram . Harry read it . harry what ? you mother 's come back ? but she tell I I be a ridiculous old lecher who should rot in hell . Larry put he arm around Harry 's shoulder . larry everything 's gonna go back the way . it be , dad . we will all be together and you can stop wear that . ridiculous toupee . we will be a family again . harry you really think this be a good idea ? larry it 's a great idea . you will see . - 94 - @ 77 int . bedroom night a7 Larry be put the finish touch on he outfit . Cindy jo come in , dress in workout gear . Larry look cindy jo where be you go ? larry oh , it 's just a business thing . do not wait up for I , it might go late . cindy jo as late as last night ? larry i last night , sweetheart ? : . cindy jo you do not come home at all last y night , Larry . at she a moment , try to think up a excuse . larry oh , uh ...0h , geez ! Cindy ! do not my secretary call you ? she be suppose to call you . it be incredible what happen . you would not believe it if I tell you . cindy jo try I . larry well , I have to go out . cindy jo what for ? larry for glue ! for the model car I be . work on , remember ? I run out , so I figure I would go to a 7 - 11 . which I dia . cindy jo that would not take you more than fifteen minute . ( continued ) 77 continued : -95 - 77 larry ordinarily , yes . but just as I be about to pay for the glue ... this two guy come in . Big , mean guy with this big huge gun and start robbing the place ! I could not believe it ! he stop and look around . larry have you see my car key anywhere ? cindy jo and ? larry 5 oh ... so then ... after they tie up the iranian guy , they take I hostage . we drive all the way to . the Illinois border , but then they let I go because I remind they it 's a federal offence to take someone across a state line against they will . cindy jo why do not you come home after that ? larry I be go to come home after that ... but by then it be about seven o'clock and I remember I have a breakfast meeting at eight . so I go right to it . I tell my secretary to call you because I know you would be worried . be you sure she - do not call ? she be suppose to call you . do you check for message ? I can not believe it . she 's really incompetent . that 's it , I be go to fire she . she 's history . . how do I look ? cindy jo Larry , be you see another woman ? larry who I ? of course not . honest , honey , I be kidnap at the 7~i1 . e = 79 -96 ~ int . garage night 78 Larry enter , let out a deep sigh of relief . larry whew . that be close . he sees Mike sit in the ' '5 porsche spyder . larry oh no , not again . mike James Dean use to drive one of this . I try to talk he out of it but he would not listen . great actor , though . remember that drunk scene in " giant " ? larry , listen , Mike , I know what you be try to do , but I will not feel . guilty about this . mike you can not just run around mixing and match the circumstance of you destiny in any way that suit you whim . there be other people involved . larry let I do it my way , okay ? Mike eye Larry a moment , then nod . mike Fine . you make the choice , I onl . make the suggestion . would you mind drop I off downtown ? I have to save a accountant from be erush by a load of brick . and off they go . S ext . ellen 's house night 793 off - camera , we hear a dog barking . ellen open the front door . she look fabulous . she smile as she sees : Larry lie on he back on the sidewalk . hercules , the St. Bernard , have he pin down with he front paw . ( continued ) 73 -97 - continued : 79 ellen come over , still smile , try not to laugh . ellen good evening , Mr. Burrows . any trouble find the place ? larry no , no . no trouble at ali . hercules be still get Larry pin to the ground . ellen make no move to call he off ; she 's clearly enjoy this . ellen that 's good , that 's good . larry uh , this be for you . he hold up a bouquet of flower . she take they . ellen oh , they be lovely . thank you . larry I be afraid hercules get dog drool all over then . . ellen how do you know he name be hercules ? larry uh , it 's right here on he tag . which I have be stare at for the past five minute . ellen okay , hercules . c’mere boy . hercules climb off and Larry get to he foot . larry . I do not think he like I . ellen well , he 's a exceptional judge of character . they start toward the porsche . larry we be not start off very well , be we ? ( continued ) a a a - - 98 - 79 continued : ( 2 ) 73 ellen there be only so far I will go for my union brother and sister , Mr. Burrows . larry please . call I lare . ellen we agree to keep this evening strictly on a business level . correct ? larry absolutely . Larry come around and open the car door for she . as he do , they get very close . larry 2 God , I have forget how beautiful you be . ellen stop . . ellen Mr. Burrows ! if this be you attempt to soften I up so you can get concession from the union ... larry I do not want any concession . honest . the contract be as good as sign . ellen we could have do that at the meeting . what be you up to ? larry nothing . really . I just think we should get to know each other . again ... I mean better . as he hurry around to the driver side , he glance over at the tree where he spend the night . larry hey , nice tree . Pov : long shot - Larry and ellen pull away from the curb . we hear the SOUND of a carphone be dial . ( continued ) 79 80 81 82 -99 — continued : ( 3 ) 79 pull back to reveal they be be observe by nile pender from a car park down the street . nile raise the carphone to he ear . nile ( disguise voice ) Mrs. Burrows , please ... ext . " LA scala " restaurant ~ establishing night 80 a fancy french restaurant with plenty of expensive foreign car in the parking lot . int . " LA scala " night , 82 Larry and ellen enter , both look around , impressed . larry say , this look alright . ellen you sound like this be you first time . larry it be , it be . I be strictly a pizza and burger man myself . the maitre d' come up . maitre d' bonsoir , monsieur Burrows . comment $ a va ? you tay - bull be ready . Rat zis way . the maitre do start off . ellen strictly a pizza and burger man . ~ right . Larry smile awkwardly . int . " LA scala " ~ booth night 82 Larry and ellen be seat in the booth . . maitre d' enjuh yer mill , monsieur Burrows . madan . ( continued ) 82 - 100 - continued : 82 he leave . ellen be still lock at Larry suspiciously . larry ( cover ) he musta see my picture in the newspaper or something . they be always do storey on I . a waiter come over and begin speak rapidly in french . Larry look at he , uncomprehend . he look at ellen then back at the waiter . the waiter speak rapidly in french again . i Larry take a deep breath then : . larry . sound great . bring it on . the waiter neds and move away . larry I hope you do not mind . I order for both of we . the wine steward come over . wine steward May I bring for you some wine ? larry you want some wine ? I understand the french make it pretty good . ellen no thank you . i’1l just have ... larry +..a virgin Mary . tabasco sauce and ~ lime , no ground pepper . right ? ellen I be very impressed . you must have have you people work overtime . larry ( to steward ) and I / 1l have a light beer , no glass . fhe wine steward nod and walk away . ( continued ) 82 83 ~101 - continued : ( 2 ) 82 larry maybe I know more about you than you think . ellen would not surprise I . I have hear a few thing about you too . larry oh yeah , like what ? ellen nothing I have want to repeat . larry that bad , huh ? ; ellen ' I know what you be all about , more or less . the only thing I can not x figure , be what you do for clip this afternoon . larry you would not believe I if I tell you . ellen try I . he take a deep breath . larry how well do you remember 1970 ? ext . " LA scala " night 83 Pov : long shot - Larry and ellen through the window of the restaurant . pull back to reveal they be be observed by Cindy jo from a doorway across the street . she be cry and dab she eye with a kleenex . cindy jo ( tearfully ) you bastard . she drop the kleenex to the pavement . pan across the pavement to a glowing cigarette butt . a shoe come into frame and crush it out violentiy . ( continued ) ~ 102 ~ 33 continued : 83 pan up to find jewel Jagger stand in another doorway . she glare and take a swig from a hip flask . jewel ( hiss ) you bastard . b84 int . " LA scala " = booth night 84 larry -..and then I find myself President of the very company I use to work for ! ellen be stare at he in disbelief . ellen I be amaze . larry and that 's why I do what I do for clip . and that 's how I know so much about you ! . ellen who would have imagine it ? lt Burrows , certified loon . larry but a really nice loon , right ? ellen the jury 's still out on that one . the waiter place they food in front of they . larry Boy ... this sure look ...uh , different . ellen ~ mum-hmmm . do we know what it be ? she look up at the waiter . waiter Pan de veau , madam . calf brain . Larry and ellen look across the table at one another . 8s - 103 - int . " mr. pizza " restaurant night 85 Larry and ellen be stand in front of the counter at a '' Mr. pizza " fast - food style restaurant . a pimply teenager be take they order . larry large , double cheese , pepperoni , mushroom , and anchovy . but only on half the pizza because anchovy give she heartburn . ( turn to ellen ) right ? ellen smile and shake she head in amazement . larry ( to teenager ) get it ? , teenager be about twenty minute . . he lead ellen toward a table . . ellen come on , tell I the truth . how do you really know so much about I ? and do not gimme that destiny stuff . larry ( sighing ) well , if you insist . they sit down . larry when I be a kid , I have a chemistry set . and one day , I be conduct a experiment , when a beaker of hot radium explode in my face . and ever since , I have have the ability to become invisible . so whenever I feel like it , I sneak over to you house . and watch you sleep in that fade eld flannel shirt you dad give you . or eat cheez - whiz and bumble bee honey on Thomas 's English muffins . or brush you hair exactly 86 time a night , 43 forward and 43 back . ellen if I do not know better , I have think you be a peeping tom. ( continued ) '' a 85 86 87 -i04 - continued : 85 larry please , call I Larry . you favorite part of the body be the earlobe ; you favorite section of the newspaper be the word jumble ; you favorite tv show be celebrity password ; and you favorite letter ef the alphabet be " R " , which I think be really stupid because " k " be way better . ellen okay , okay , but I bet you do not know my favorite song . larry a I know everything . he lean over to a jukebox , drop in a quarter , and punch a selection . " louie louie " by the kingsman begin to play . ellen laugh . that 's it . montage begins / music . continue . ext . '' golf of mexico " night 86 Larry position ellen , she eye close , in front of the porsche . then he run off ~ camera . a moment later , light come on , off ~ camera , bathing ellen in the glow . she open she eye to see : Larry stand in front of the run-down " golf of Mexico " miniature golf park , now lit up like the old day . ellen laugh and shake she head in amazement . a old caretaker guy be stand next to Larry . Larry hand he some money and then pat he gratefully on the back . Larry come over to ellen and graciously offer he arn . int . " golf of mexico " night 87 Inside , they pick up they club and ball from a booth that have a sign that read " Viva zaputter " . it 's clear that ellen be warming up and have fun . she put a musty sombrero on Larry 's head that flop down over he eye . she put another big , floppy moth - eat sombrero on she own head . 838 89 90 ~105 - int . " golf of mexico " - elsewhere night 88 Larry approach he ball carefully and get set to putt . as he do the brim of the sombrero flop in he eye . he push it back ; it flop forward . he push it back ; it flop forward . exasperate , he try to pull it off . the entire brim lift free , leave only the crown . Larry look like a conehead . ellen laugh . Larry realize he look stupid , so he try to put the brim back on . but this time , it go all the way down around he neck . so he look like a conehead wearing a Big straw bib . ellen laugh harder . now really annoyed , but try to be cool , Larry try , to make he shot . he swing . but as he make contact , the’ ball do not move but the head of the putter fall off . ellen sink to she knee , laugh . . . int . " golf of mexico " - elsewhere night 89 ellen putt into the mouth of a large adobe '' case Grande " mock -up . but she ball do not come out the other side , Larry get on he knee to look into the case Grande . suddenly he leap back as a rat come scurrying out . Larry do a dance of terror , throw what 's leave of he sombrero and he putter at the panicked rat . ellen also go into a terrify jitterbug at the sight of the rat . then Larry trip over a " grinning bandito " whose moustache go around like a windmill . ext . ellen 's house night 90 " louie , louie " end . Larry and ellen walk up to the house and stop at the door . larry be not you go to ask I in for a nightcap ? you know , to celebrate the end of the negotiation . ellen well , I do not think that 's such a good idea . maybe after the contract have be sign . ( continued ) 90 - 106 - continued : 90 larry of course . I understand . I x11 just have to get that contract sign real fast then , will not I ? ' ellen smile . ellen geodnight ... Mr. Burrows . larry : Larry . ellen I have a fun evening , Larry . thanks - larry . I do too . bring back a lot of good memory . it seem they might kiss , but they do not . larry well ...goodnight ... Larry begin to walk down the pathway . ellen by the way , Larry ... larry ( turn ) - yes. ellen if we have such a great life together +.. why do you want it change ? Larry think a moment . it look like she 's cornere hin . larry I guess I just do not know what I . have . ellen smile . ellen Nice recovery . very nice recovery . she close the door . Larry smile to himself , shaking he head . larry Boy , be she tough ? - 107 - e 91 int . larry car night 92 driving home , he see Mike hitchhike and pick he up . Mike be cover with dust . larry what happen to you ? mike the accountant . he come this close to be squash by a ton of brick . but I stop he to ask for direction and now he 's safe to revolutionize book - keep as we know it . how be you evening ? larry great ! could not be better , I have i fall in love with my wife all over again . mike 2 would that be Cindy jo? larry no , that would be ellen . @ mike that 's wonderful , Larry . if you ‘’re happy , I be happy . larry what 's that suppose to mean ? mike it mean what it mean . larry nothing mean what it mean with you . what 's the catch ? mike no catch . if you have find happiness at last , I be ecstatic . really . I - could not be more pleased . ~ larry oh. okay . beat . mike just be careful . larry I know it ! ( continued ) - 108 - e 91 continued : 91 mike I be only say it for you own good . larry look , Mike , I have think it through . I know exactly what I be do , okay ? mike Fine . larry ya know , for a all - know , all - see type , you be a awful worry - wart . I think maybe you should cut I some slack . mike . you ‘’re right . I can see you know what you be do . larry right ! - mike then I guess my job be do . would you mind pull over here ? Larry stop the car . larry where be you go ? mike I have get to save a promise young physician from be kill in a car accident at the next intersection . larry listen , Mike . I do not mean to yell at you back there . I do not want - you to think I do not appreciate everything you have do , because I really do . mike I know , Larry . take care of yourself . they shake hand and Mike get out . : ( continued ) ~ 109 ~ 91 continued : ( 2 ) 91 Larry drive away . Mike stand watch a moment ; then another car pull to a stop beside he . the driver be a young man of 27 . driver I would be glad to give you a lift , but I be just go as far as the hospital . mike ( get in ) that would be fine . say , if you do not mind a suggestion , make a right at the next corner . I know a little shortcut . 92 int . mansion - bedroom night . 92 Larry enter the bedroon . . Cindy jo be sit on the bed . she 's be cry . - larry you do not have to wait up for I , honey . cindy jo who be she , Larry ? larry who be who ? cindy jo * the bimbo you have dinner with at La scala . larry that be no bimbo , that be my wi ... I mean that be a ... detective . from the police force . she have some mug Shots of well - know 7~11 ~ bandit ... remember ? cindy jo oh , stop lie , Larry ! Larry heave a big sigh . larry alright . no more lie . her name be ellen ripley . she 's the head of the labor union at the plant . and ... ( continued ) 92 93 94 95 ~110 - continued : 92 cindy jo and what ? larry and ... I be in love with she . Cindy jo sob even harder and throw herself on a pillow . larry you nre upset . I understand , believe I . but everything will be fine if we deal with this in a mature manner . ext . mansion night 93 4 Larry be stand on the lawn as he clothing rain down around he . larry but Cindy , can not we ... a shoe hit he on the head with a thud . larry oww ! int . mansion ~- bedroom night 94 a tearful Cindy be on the phone to she father . cindy jo . daddy , Larry 's fall in love with someone else ... int . penthouse apartment night 95 Leo be listen to Cindy jo. leo yes dear ... I know I own the company but ... alright ... I will ... yes dear ... now take a valium and go to bed ... okay , bye ... Leo hang up . he start pace . ( continued ) 95 96 7111i - continued : 35 leo Fire lj Burrows ? how do I fire lt Burrows ? ( rehearse ) lj , you be fire . lj , you be fire ! lj , you rotten sonuvabitch , you can not do that to my baby girl and get away with it ! you be fire ! ( smile ) that 's not bad . then he think better of it and stop . the smile fade . leo maybe i’1ll just write he a letter and leave it in he office . ( smile ) yeah . that 's better . Leo sit at a desk and begin to write . . leo ( as he write ) dear lj , you rotten sonofa ... ext . larry mansion night 96 Larry be stuff he thing into the trunk of the spyder when he sees Harry run across the front lawn . larry dad ? dad ! Harry keep move . Larry catch up to he just as a cab pull up to the curb . larry what 's wrong ? where be you go ? harry ~ Switzerland . I be not go to tell ya , kid but I promise gina I 'q take she ski . larry but Mom 's fly in from New York tomorrow . ( continued ) 96 97 -112 ~ continued : 96 harry look , I know you think this be a great idea , you mom and I , but I have be think it over , and it 's not so hot . larry it will work out , dad , trust I . harry no , it will not , Larry . I be not the same guy anymore . I be young , I be today , I be happen . larry you be " happen " ? ; harry I get everything I ever want in life . a gold rolex , a gorgeous : girlfriend , a great toupee ... I just can not go back to be plain old Harry Burrows , regular guy . it have kill I . Harry climb into the cab . harry do not take it so hard , Larry , you do you best . it just be not mean to be . the cab race away . larry but dad ... int . office / apartment night 97 nile and Lewis be in Larry 's office / apartment . Furniture be overturn , lamp break , papers scattered about . nile the police will think he happen into the wrong place at the wrong time and become the poor innocent victim of murderous thief ... the little prick . and with he out of the way , the nakamura merger can proceed as plan . Lewis carefully tip over a chair . ( continued ) ' sn 97 98 99 -113 - continued : 97 lewis do we have to do this , nile ? nile be throw stuff all over , really get into it . nile nobody double - cross nile pender out of 120 million buck . lewis but what if he do not show up ? nile stop be a pussy ! he will show up . after he wife throw he out , where else would he go ? : he watch Lewis carefully place a lamp ' on the floor . nile 8 oh , for chrissake , do not just put that on the floor . throw it on the floor ! and then step on it ! Lewis try , but he heart and he nerve be not in it . he nudge the lamp with he shoe . nile take out one of Larry 's golf club and take a vicious swing . nile ( {sing - song ) play through . ext . librep - parking lot night 98 Larry pull the spyder into the parking lot . int . office / apartment night 99 from Larry 's window , nile see he arrive . nile what have I tell you ? Lewis dart into the bathroom . lewis I can not watch this . nile flick off the light and duck into the closet . 100 101 ~1ll4 - int . admin build ~ hallway night 100 Leo hanson come down the hall , carry a envelope and enter Larry 's office . camera hold as we hear a smack , then the thud of a body hit the floor . under the door , we see the light come on . a beat . nile ( o.s. ) shiti ! ext . parking lot night 101 Larry be walk toward the administration Tower . suddenly , he hear a thud and a groan from behind some bush . curious , he go over to find : . clip splay out on the ground . a cardboard box full of office item be overturn on the ground . . larry clipper ? be you alright ? clip ( look up ) I fall down . I fall down alot , Mr. Burrows . I think I trip over a sprinkler head . I / 11 pay for it if I break it . Larry help he to he foot . larry what be you do here so late ? clip uh ... I be clean out my desk . larry good idea . we will move you into nile pender 's office tomorrow . I fire the bastard . clip you do not understand , Mr. Burrows . I can not take the job you offer I . if I do , I x11 just screw it up . ( continued ) e = 102 103 -115 - continued : 101 larry no you will not , you will be great . trust I . I know what you be capable of . clip quickly gather up he belonging . clip everything I touch turn to shit . I will run this company right into the toilet . so , if you do not mind , I have rather not even try . I have to go now , sir , I lock the key in my car and the engine 's run . thanks anyway , Mr. Burrows . sorry if I let you down , but that 's the only thing I be really any good at . larry . clip. listen to I . go home . get a good night 's sleep . you will feel . better about this in the morning . clip well , okay . but it 's not go to ~ do any good . Larry watch as clip turn and walk away . larry ( to himself ) he will be alright . then we hear a thud off -camera . Larry wince . clip ( 9o.s . ) another sprinkler head , sir ! I / 11 pay for it if I break it . int . office / apt night 102 nile be bend over the crumpled body of Leo , read the letter . his begin to smile fiendishly . inp . admin build - hallway night 103 Larry come down the hallway outside he office . he open the door and go in . 104 105 ~116 - int . office / apt night 104 Larry flip on the light and sees Leo lie on the carpet . he rush across and bend down beside he . larry ' oh God ! leo! Leo ! he feel for a pulse . larry oh , no ... Leo . he pick up the bloody golf club and siowly rise . suddenly , the door burst open . it 's nile and three heavily - armed security guy . nile cover he ! he 's get a weapon ! the Security guy aim they weapon at a stunne Larry . ext . admin build night 105 two detective and two cop be lead Larry through the™ parking lot toward the police car . larry nile pender be the one you should be arrest , not I . suddenly , there be a loud pop . a car window shatter . there be shout as everybody drop to the ground . there be another pop . a tire explode . another pop . a bullet slam into the car beside Larry . he look around wildly and sees a drunken jewel Jagger weaving toward hin , aim a large automatic pistol . jewel think you can just toss I aside like a use piece of kleenex , huh ? she fire again and again and again . Larry leap to he foot and start run . jewel ° think you can just write I off like a bad debt , huh ? jewel take a swig from she hip flask . ( continued ) 105 106 -117 - continued : 105 jewel well , it 's time to pay up . she continue firing . bullet slam into the car around Larry as he run , blasting out window , shatter headlight . jewel continue shoot until the gun be empty . jewel stupid gun . the cop leap all over she . she scream and claw at they . 1st detective someone get Burrows ! Larry leap into he spyder . jewel yank a cop 's gun from its holster and start blasting at Larry again . five time . the cop dive for cover again . Larry 's spyder race across the parking lot . jewel take very careful aim . it look like she can not miss . jewel suck on this , you two -time son of a bitch . - she squeeze the trigger . click , no bullet . jewel shit ! Larry race away .. a second later , the cop peer out from behind they cover . ewel of well , do not just stand there . go after the bastard and shoot he ! ext . ellen 's house night 106 the spyder careen up onto the lawn in front of ellen 's house . Larry race up to the door and pound on it . larry elien ! ellen ! ( continued ) ~ 118 - e@ 106 continued : 106 a moment later , ellen open the door . ellen Larry ? what be it ..? larry something 's happen . I have gotta get out of here and you have get to come with I . ellen come with you where ? larry it do not matter . Jamaica , Mexico , Canada ... as long as we be together . ellen but what 's happen ? larry . I all explain on the way . we have get to hurry ! in the distance , we hear police siren . @ larry we can start over again . just like it be before . and I know you think it will not work , but it will because we have already do it ! ellen be you talk about that previous life thing again , Larry ? larry yes ! exactly ! we will have Thanksgiving and Christmas and birthdays and breakfast and all that stuff , just like before . do not you see ? we belong together . c’mon , rail help you pack . ellen be hesitant , tear but gentle . ellen wait a minute , Larry . that all sound wonderful . it really do . it 's just that ... after we dinner , I start think about a lot of thing ... about where I be in my e@ life ... about what have real importance to I ... ( continued ) 106 ~119 - continued : ( 2 ) 106 larry that 's my point ! I have be think about what ' 's important too , and that 's why I think we should ... voice ( o.s. ) ellen ? ellen 's husband Tom come up behind she . tom what 's the matter ? he put a protective arm around a uncomfortable ellen . tom 4 hello ... ellen Tom , this be my boss , Larry Burrows . Larry , this be my husband , Tom . Larry 's elation dissipate . he size up the situation in a instant : they have reconcile . larry hi Tom . tom Nice to meet you Mr. Burrows ... what 's go on , ellen ? ellen look down , embarrassed . larry uh...nothing . nothing 's go on , Tom . I be , uh , I have to leave town and I just stop by to say so long . well , .. so long . he start to walk back to he car . just as he 's about to get in , ellen come up behind he . ellen Larry ... Larry turn . ( continued ) 106 107 108 109 i190 ~120 - continued : ( 3 ) 106 ellen I be very wrong about you . I think you be a wonderful man ... I wish it could have be different between we ... but I guess it just be not mean to be . I be sorry . she touch he face gently , then turn and walk back to the house . Larry watch , he heart break , as he wife go inside with another man and close the door . larry «-- be not mean to be ... ext . STREET night : 107 Larry be drive down the street , lose in think . suddenly a Police car , light flashing , siren scream come fly around the corner up ahead . Larry jam on the brake , spin the porsche around and take off in the other direction . . the Police car accelerate after he . ext . another STREET night 108 the porsche screech around a corner and accelerate down the street like a bullet . int , porsche night 109 Larry look back and sees no Police car in sight . he turn back just as something dart in front of the car . larry geezuz ! Larry jam on the brake . there be a thud . 110 ext . STREET night the porsche slew wildly across the street and slam into a light standard . a moment , then the door slowly open . Larry climb out , painfully . he sees a object lie in the street . ( continued ) 110 1121 i112 -121 - continued : 110 he start walk . then break into a run when he realize . larry oh no ! it 's he dog , sammy , dead . Larry drop to he knee and cradle the dog in he arm . larry oh God ! not sammy ... siren can be heard a short distance away . larry it 's all my fault . I be so stupid , so stupid ... the Police car careen into the street and start toward he , siren scream . . Larry gently lay sammy down , then sprint off down the street . the Police car be gain on hin . Larry dart down a alley . the Police car pull in after he . ext . alleyway night 111 the Police car be gain on he . a cop lean out the window , pistol draw , and fire a shot at Larry . Larry leap onto a dumpster and vault over a fence . ext . yard night 112 Larry land with a crash in a pile of garbage . he climb out , groaning and brush himself off . he look up , startle to see : a bag man , mid-30s , stand there , dress in filthy clothes . next to he be a shopping cart , full of junk . larry hiya doin 's ? be there a way out of here ? I '' in a bit of a jam ... ( continued ) - 122 - @ 112 continued : 112 bag man hey , I know you . you be ... what 's he name ... Burrows , right ? the guy who hit the home run ... larry gee-zuz pal , do not remind I . the man put a filthy hand on Larry 's chest . bag man Bet you do not remember I , do ya ? larry no , sorry ... should I ? bag man haskins ! Jerry haskins ! I be the guy who throw the pitch ! remember now ?! thanks to you , I have spend the last : twenty year tryin' to live that game down ! larry oh , shit . listen , if it make you e feel any better , I do not get real good wood on it ... bag man .-- always movin 's around ... hopin’ they have forget ! but they never do . larry it be just a lucky swing ... bag man «.. always hopin 's someday I have run into you again ! the sonofabitch who ruin my life ! and now ... haskins take out a club and hold it up , threateningly . bag man ... fate have bring we together . voice ( behind they ) hey ! you ! stop right there ! they turn to see a cop come over the fence . Larry shove the guy away and dash across the yard . @ the cop disappear down behind the fence again . 113 114 ~123- ext . industrial section night 113 Larry vault over another fence and land in another alley . he run down to the end , stumbling and then collapse against a wall , out of the breath . he look both way : nothing . he look up to the heaven ; then close he eye in total exhaustion . larry I give up . a pink glow magically come up on he face . he open he eye and notice the glow . he move away from the wall and peer around the corner . to a celestial swell of music , he sees the pink neon sign of " the end of the Road bar " . his eye widen and he dash toward it . . larry : . oh my God ! Mike ! the Police car screech around the corner , three block away and start down the street . int . " end of the road " bar night 1214 Larry burst in . larry Mike ! Mike ! where be you ? the place be empty . larry Mike ! this be no time to play game ! I need you ! but there 's no answer . police siren be get closer . Larry leap over the bar and begin throw ingredient into a glass . he shake it all up , take a guip . then he spit the drink across the bar . larry that 's disgusting ! the police siren die out with a final whine . Larry frantically pour other ingredient into a glass . ( continued ) 114 ~124 - continued : 114 we hear the SOUND of a vehicle pulling up outside . revolving flashing light can be see outside the window . Larry upend the glass , drain it . he gasp and make a face : it 's worse ! we hear a car door OPEN and close and footstep approach . larry shit . Larry come out from behind the bar with he hand up . - larry okay ! I be come out ! do not shoot ! I be not armed ! the door open and a man dressed in overall peer in : '' truck driver . somebody here call for a tow-truck ? behind the driver , we see a tow truck with the revolving flashing light . larry tow truck ... suddenly the realization rush in on he . he whirl around to see Mike stand behind the bar , smile . mike do not shoot ? what be you talk about ? nobody 's gonna shoot you , Larry . Larry explode with joy . larry I be back ! Son of a bitch ! I be back ! mike back from where ? you have be here the whole time . ( continued ) 114 115 '' 125 - continued : ( 2 ) 114 larry sure I have ! you old destiny - bender , you , ( to the tow -truck driver ) I love this guy ! be not he great ? I just love he . ( to Mike ) I be really back , be not I ? mike you have always be here , Larry . larry ( knowingly ) okay , Mike . whatever you say . 5 Larry come over and shake Mike 's hand . larry thanks for everything . the good and the bad . you sure know how to make a point . he head for the door and then turn back . ° larry oh , and listen , whatever you have get plan for the rest 'of my life ... it 's perfect ! Mike smile and raise a glass in a toast . _ mike happy birthday , Larry . 115 ext . LIBERTY republic parking lot the tow truck , pull Larry 's car , stop in front of the administration Building . Larry climb out . driver where do I take the car ? larry to the best shop in the city . money 's no object ! ( proudly ) . that 's my car , goddamit ! he run toward the building entrance . ( continued ) - 126 ~ 115 continued : 115 larry ( to himself ) I all figure out how to pay for it later . 116 int . board room night 116 nile be in the middle of he report . Leo , Jackie earle , Lewis , and other board member be listen . nile as you can see , sale during the past two quarter have be decline and therefore I recommend we take Mr. nakumura 's very generous buy - out offer of $ 35 a share . leo well , nile , I must say , I find this ' very disturbing ... what do you think , Jackie ? jackie earle . well , I do not know what to think , Leo . this come as quite a surprise . larry anybody want to know what I think ? the board turn to see Larry stand in the doorway . larry I think nile be full of shit ! this company be in perfect financial health . nile you do not work here anymore , Burrows ! get out ! larry nile and Lewis have be buy up stock through a dummy corporation and doctore the book to make it seem as if the company be fail so this board would be motivate to sell . leo nile , what 's he talk about ? ( continued ) 116 -127 - continued : 116 nile gibberish ! Burrows be responsible for this entire fiasco ! his mismanagement be solely to blame for the record loss we show in this quarter . Lewis , call security ! Lewis reach for a phone . Larry grab it out of he hand . Lewis try to grab it back . Larry twist away and rip the cord out of the phone . jackie earle gentlemen , please ! we be all on the same team here . there 's no need for this kind of behavior ! nile Burrows be a thief and a liar ! he ali say anything to regain he position with this company ! I move that the x entire board vote to censure he and file criminal charge ... larry . and I move you shut you face ! and with that , Larry land a fist right in nile 's face . nile drop backward in he chair , unconscious . larry sorry , Jackie . this guy 's never be part of the team . so I bench he . _ leo Larry , be any of this true ? larry I suggest you check on a certain metasport Corporation af delaware and pay particular attention to who its executive officer be . yes , Lewis ? Larry turn to Lewis , who be now sweat prefusely . he lean down and whisper . larry i_ know everything , you snivelling piece of shit ! everyone else also turn to look at Lewis , who squirm for a moment in he chair , and then bolt for the door . ( continued ) 116 117 118 119 120 221 -128- continued : ( 2 ) 116 larry that answer you question , Mr. hansen ? Leo get up and come around to Larry , beam . leo Larry , I do not know what to say . I do not know how to thank you . be there anything I can do for you ? Larry think a moment . larry yeah , there be . ext . STREET night m 117 a limousine race down a street . . int . limousine night . 118 Larry be drive . pan over : ludwig be sit in the passenger seat , he face the color of chalk . larry I tell you we could beat that train through the crossing . ludwig so you do , sir . ext . larry STREET night 119 the limousine pull into the subdivision . int . limousine night 120 as he drive up , Larry can hardly contain he excitement . larry look at this place ! what a mess ! it 's great , be not it ? as he pull up to he house , he smile fade . ext . larry house night 121 the house be dark . ( continued ) 121 122 -129 - continued : 121 larry damn ! I forget . ellen 's at the strike meeting . just when I want to see she more than anything else in life , she 's not here . he get out of the limousine , he spirit dampen . int . larry 's house night 122 Larry let himself in . suddenly , every light in the house come on . voice surprise ! Larry jump back a step , startle , as the crowd surge toward he , bear gift and huge smile . : various happy birthday , Larry ! many happy return , lare ! be ya surprised ? arf! arf ! . everyone be there : clip and jewel , Harry , sammy . and ellen , look radiant , much like she do in Act 2 . Larry be so happy , he throw he arm wide and wade into they , hugging everyone . larry . ellen ! sammy ! I miss you guy so much ! he scoops ellen up in he arm and swing she around . ellen since this morning ? larry God , I have forget how beautiful you be . he kiss she . sammy leap up , want to be hugge . larry sammy ! sammy ! Larry lift he up . sammy lick he all over he face . ( continued ) - 130 - @ 122 continued : 122 larry ( baby -talk ) yes , and I love you too . ( to the other ) geezuz , I never think I have see any of you again . ever ! you ‘’re not go to believe what happen ... ellen clip tell we . but do not worry about it , we will manage okay . larry oh that ... who care about that ? i’1l get another job somewhere else . clip approach . clip happy birthday , buddy . > larry clipper ! Boy be I glad to see you . Larry give clip a big hug . @ clip here 's you real present . I give you the vomit just to throw off suspicion . it work , do not it ? larry like a charm . Larry open the box to find a model of the gull-w mercede . clip do you like it ? larry I love it . I always want one of this . thanks clip . clip come on , I want you to meet my date . larry you have a date ?! clip yeah . come on , let I introduce you . be clip lead Larry over to he date : it 's jewel ! ( continued ) 122 continued : -131 - ( 2 ) 122 clip Larry , I want you to meet jewel Jagger . she work down in the stock room . larry hi jewel . jewel happy birthday , Larry . larry thanks . - clip I 'il be back in a moment , sweetheart . . Larry and clip move away . we hear the Larry open clip ( whisper to Larry ) what do ya think ? be she a killer ... or what ? larry ( whisper ) definitely a killer . doorbell ring . the door . it 's Jackie earle and Cindy jo . ; larry Jackie earle ! Cindy ! jackie earle we do not want to interrupt ... larry nonsense . come on in ... jackie earle I just stop by to thank you again for what you do . you run out of there so fast ... larry I hadda get home . it 's my birthday . ( continued ) 122 -132- continued : ( 3 ) 122 jackie earle well , then I have a little present for you . the board vote unanimously to offer you nile pender 's job . executive vice president ... Larry be stunne . jackie earle well ? be you interested ? larry gee , I all have to think about it . okay , I think about it ... yes ! they shake hand . jackie earle wonderful . : larry c’mon in . have a drink ! Jackie earle go on in . clip slap he on the back and steer he toward the bar . cindy jo gee , Larry , I wish I have know it be you birthday , I would have get you something ... larry what do you get for a guy who have everything ? she give he a kiss on the cheek , then go on in . doorbell ring again . ellen Larry , can you get that ? it 's probably the guy with the pizza . Larry open the door . a guy be stand on the front step hold a half - dozen pizza box . guy " Mr. pizza " . sorry I be late , the regular kid 's sick , I hadda deliver myself ... larry Jerry ! sonofabitch , Jerry haskins ! ( continued ) 122 ~133 - continued : ( 4 ) 122 it 's the club-wield bum from the alley ; the pitcher who strike Larry out . he leok at Larry try to place the face . larry it 's I ! Larry Burrows ! jerry Larry Burrows ? gee-zuz , Larry . you remember I ? larry the bastard who ruin my life !? course I remember you ! C ’mon in , have a drink ! it 's my birthday ! jerry gee , can not . I get a million delivery . but , listen ... here. _ ( hand he the pizza ) : this be on I . happy birthday , Larry . larry oh , come on , Jerry ... I can not ... - jerry De not worry about it . I own the company . I / m " Mr. pizza " . he start back down the step then turn back . jerry oh , Larry ... I know I be twenty year too late , but ... sorry about the baligame . Larry smile . larry forget about it . he close the door . camera pull back to show the exterior of the house , window lit . then we hear " louie louie " begin to play . SOUND echoes out . ( continued ) 122 123 124 ~134 - continued : ( 5 ) 122 dissolve to : int . stadium locker room day ( 1970 ) 123 Larry close he locker , despondent . a teammate walk by , grumble . teammate Way to go , dipshit . ext . playing field day 124 Larry leave the ball park , alone : a loser full of shame . everyone 's go , the stand be empty . it 's sunset . : as he walk across the field , he pass a man sit in the stand . : voice I see the game , kid . tough break . Larry turn : it 's Mike , smile at he . larry you say it mister . I blow it good . mike do not worry too much about it . it 's not the end of the world . you only think it be . remember , you have get you whole life to look forward to . trust I . Mike smile . Larry nod doubtfully and start to walk out of the park again , mutter as he go . larry Old fart , what the hell do he know ? credit roll to '' everybody be a Star " by sly and the family Stone . the end