mr deed goe to town written by Robert previous hit riskin base on a story by clarence budington kelland fade in exterior - montage 1 . Quick shot of a car speed around curve in a mountainous region . the car jump a bridge , hurtle into space , crash in a fireball . follow by newsboy hawk special edition , people on streetcorner buy and read newspaper with a succession of banner headline : " martin W. semple , financier , die in italy , " " civic leader kill in auto accident , " " disclosure of banker' will awaited " and finally " semple heir as yet unknown " dissolve to : interior - editor' office , DAILY mail 2 . close shot of Mac , the editor , at he desk , bark into the telephone . mac say listen , corny , who do you think you be talk to ? if the semple attorney do not know who the heir be , who do ? ( listen ) aw , come on corny , I have do you a lot of favor . what do you say - who 's get the semple dough ? CUT to : interior - cedar' private office 3 . close shot of cornelius cobb - a harden ex - newspaperman , customarily impatient , grouchy and nervous - victim of the New York tempo . his friend call he " corny . " cobb ( on the phone ) you be ask the wrong guy , Mac . I be only a press agent . the camera pull back gradually to reveal a plush law office , leather chair and shelf of book . Arthur Cedar , attorney , briskly enter scene and seat himself at he desk . Cedar be in the neighborhood of fifty - grey-temple - dignify - sharp . cobb be use the phone on he desk . Cedar glance at he . cedar newspaperman ? cobb ( cover mouthpiece - confidentially ) want to know who the heir be . cedar ( firmly ) hang up . cobb ( return to the phone ) sorry , Mac , I can not . yeah , mac. sure , but I be not the attorney '' ? 336 ? cedar ( more firmly ) hang up . the camera pull back further to reveal another attorney at one end of the desk , review a pile of papers . cobb ( continue ) Mr. Cedar be , and I have not see he in two day . ( hang up the phone ) listen , Cedar , we have get to do something about the newspaper . cedar ( barely glance up ) I be not interested in the newspaper . cobb but it 's a great story . somewhere in this country a guy be walk into twenty million buck . cedar yes , I know . my first concern be to locate the lucky man . when I do , it 's you job to keep the newspaper away from he . cobb ( resignedly ) it 's okay with I as long as my weekly stipend keep come in . the camera pull back to a full shot as two man rush in with a flurry of excitement . one of they be Anderson , a obsequious employee of Cedar 's . with he be another lawyer , one of the Cedar brother . anderson we locate he , Mr. Cedar ! we find out where he be . cedar good ! first brother yes , John , we get he . anderson here 's the report : longfellow deed , single , 28 , life in mandrake Falls , vermont . cedar ( glance at the report ) thank heaven . first brother better wire he right away , John . cedar I will do no such thing . I be go there myself . you be go with I too , Anderson - and you too , cobb . ? 337 ? he push a button on the intercom . voice yes ? cedar make three reservation on the first train out to mandrake Falls , vermont . voice ( skeptically ) where ? cedar mandrake Falls . ( begin to spell as scene fade ) m-a- n— CUT to : ext . a station 4 . medium shot it be a pleasantly rural scene - with just a handful of local character scattered about . at one end of the platform - some mail - newspaper - and a few piece of freight be be load . Cedar , cobb and Anderson stand in front of a welcome sign . the three obviously be out of they element here - obviously " City folk . " over they shoulder . we hear cobb 's voice as he read : cobb' voice welcome to mandrake Falls - where the scenery enthrall - where no hardship e'er befall - welcome to mandrake Falls . 5 . medium shot cobb and Cedar exchange glance . cobb that 's pretty . cedar be you sure this be the town he life in ? anderson yes sir , Mr. Cedar . this be the town all right . cedar well , I drop everything at the office - I hope it 's not a wild goose chase . anderson no , sir . we check it thoroughly . he life here all right . cobb ah ! I spy a native . let 's ask he . camera move with they as they cross to a small , one - story old brick building , cover with ivy . this be the ticket and freight office combine . in front of it be a very old man , a stoop - ? 338 ? shoulder rail agent with a face of a million wrinkle - putter around some package . cedar ( as they approach ) good morning . agent ( glance up ) Morning , neighbor . Morning . he pick up a package and disappear into the building . Cedar and cobb look at each other . cobb that 's a excellent start . at least we have break the ice . the old man return to he pile of package . cedar I say , my friend , do you know a fellow by the name of longfellow deed ? agent deed ? cedar yes . agent yes , sir . yes , indeedy . everyone know deed . cedar yes , i— he again disappear . cobb must be a game he 's play . the old man show up again . cedar we would like to get in touch with he . it 's very important . agent who 's that ? cedar deed ! who do you think I be talk about ? agent oh , yes - deed . Fine fellow . very democratic . you will not have no trouble at all . talk to anybody . whereupon the old man carry another package inside . cobb be properly exasperate now . ? 339 ? cedar I guess we would better try somebody else . cobb no , we will not ! the next time that jump jack come out , I will straddle he while you ask he you question . the old man emerge from the building and look up at they as if he 's never see they before . agent Morning , neighbor . 6 . two shot - cobb and agent ( featuring cobb ) cobb grab the old man as he turn to head back into the building . cobb remember we ? we be the fellow who be here a minute ago . agent oh , yes . yes , indeedy . I never forget a face . he turn again - but cobb hold he by the arm and set he down on a small pack case . cobb listen , pop , we have come all the way from New York to look up a fellow by the name of deed . it 's important - very important ! agent ( release he arm ) you do not have to get rough , neighbor . all you get to do be ask . cobb then please pretend , for just one fleeting moment , that I be ask . where do he reside ? agent who ? cobb turn away in disgust . Anderson step forward . 7 . close shot - the three anderson longfellow deed - where do he live ? agent oh , that 's what you want ! well , why do not you say so in the first place instead of beat around the bush ? that other fellow do not know what they be talk about . ( as he exit scene ) come on , I will take you there in my car . if they would only explain to I what they want , there would be no trouble . he leave cobb and Cedar stare after he killingly . ? 340 ? dissolve to : int . longfellow's live room 8 . medium shot a little old lady , Mrs. meredith , answer a knock at the door . Cedar , cobb and Anderson stand there , with the old man at they heel . Mrs. meredith be a sweet , soft-voice , timid and fluttery little creature . mrs . meredith oh , will you come in please , gentleman ? cedar be Mr. deed in ? mrs . meredith no - he 's over to the park arrange for the bazaar , so 's to raise money for the fire engine . ( to old man ) mal , you shoulda know he be in the park . agent knew it all the time . but this man say they want to see the house . ( mumble as he exit ) can not read they mind if they do not say what they want . 9 . group shot cobb glare after he exasperatedly . Mrs. meredith turn to cobb and Cedar . mrs . meredith come in , please . come in . can I get you a cup of tea ? cedar no , thanks . mrs . meredith sit down . sure I could not get you a glass of lemonade or something ? cedar that 's very kind of you . be you related to he ? mrs . meredith no , I be he housekeeper . cedar well , we would like to find out something about he . what do he do for a live ? mrs . meredith he and Jim mason own the tallow Works . but that 's not where he make he money . he make most of it from he poetry . 10 . close shot - the three feature cobb . cobb ( skeptically ) he write poetry ? ? 341 ? mrs . meredith oh , my goodness , yes . longfellow 's famous . he write all that thing on postcard . you know , for Christmas - and Easter - and birthdays . sit down , please . she reach over to a desk and pick one up . mrs . meredith here 's one - he get $ 25 for this one . 11 . closeup - mrs . meredith as she read - with feel : mrs . meredith " when you have nowhere to turn - and you be fill with doubt - do not stand in midstream , hesitate , for you know that you mother 's heart cry out - ' I be wait , my boy , I be wait . ' " ( she look up ) be not that beautiful ? 12 . closeup - cobb his eye open unbelievingly . mrs . meredith voice be not it a lovely sentiment ? cobb ( flatly ) yeah . a dog enter , racing toward the door , scratch at it and whining . mrs . meredith ( as she head toward the door ) here he be now . she open the door and go out , with the dog racing ahead . cobb ( to Cedar - sotto voce ) I suggest you break it to he gently . he 's liable to keel over from the shock . Mrs. meredith re-appear . we hear she voice as she come through the doorway . mrs . meredith they have be wait a long while . longfellow deed trail behind she . longfellow who be they ? mrs . meredith I do not know . ? 342 ? cedar ( stand - formally ) Mr. longfellow deed ? longfellow yes . cedar how do you do . longfellow ( shaking hand ) how do you do . cedar ( extend card ) I be John Cedar - of the New York firm of Cedar , Cedar , Cedar and budington . 13 . close shot - group feature cobb . he watch longfellow who be glance at the card . longfellow ( read to himself ) Cedar , Cedar , Cedar and budington . ( look up ; smile ) budington must feel like a awful stranger , hmm ? cobb 's eye pop at the nifty . [ 1 ] cedar Mr. cornelius cobb and Mr. Anderson . they exchange greeting . longfellow gesture to chair . longfellow you gentleman make yourselves comfortable . cobb and anderson thanks . 14 . medium shot longfellow cross to he tuba near a chair . he take a mouthpiece out of he pocket . longfellow New mouthpiece . be wait two week for this . kid keep swiping they all the time . they use them for bean shooter . ( he blow a note ) what can I do for you gentleman ? mrs . meredith you gentleman go to stay for lunch ? cedar ( right to the point ; ignore she ) I would like to ask you a few question . longfellow all right . longfellow look at they strangely and sit down beside he tuba . ? 343 ? cedar Mr. deed , be you the son of Dr. Joseph and Mary deed ? longfellow yes . cedar be you parent live ? longfellow why , no . cedar Mr. deed , do the name of Martin W. semple mean anything to you ? longfellow not much . he 's a uncle of mine , I think . I never see he , but my mother 's name be semple , you know . cedar well , he pass on . he be kill in a motor accident in Italy . longfellow he be ? gee , that 's too bad . if there 's anything I can do to— while he speak , he have be adjust the tuba between he leg and now suck on the mouthpiece , preparatory to play . cedar I have good news for you , sir . Mr. semple leave a large fortune when he die . he leave it all to you , Mr. deed . deduct the tax , it amount to something in the neighborhood of $ 20,000,000 . 15 . closeup - longfellow his lip be over the mouthpiece of the tuba . his only reaction to the startling news be to lift he eye in Cedar 's direction . 16 . group shot mrs . meredith how about lunch ? be the gentleman go to stay - or not ? longfellow of course they be go to stay . ( to the gentleman ) she 's get some fresh orange layer cake . you know , with the thick stuff on the top ? ( to Mrs. meredith ) sure , they do not want to go to the hotel . Mrs. meredith leave . cobb and Cedar have watch this by -play , open-mouthed , and be now even more astound to see longfellow blow into he tuba . ? 344 ? 17 . closer shot - the three cedar ( over the noise of the tuba ) perhaps you do not hear what I say , Mr. deed ! the whole semple fortune go to you ! $ 20,000,000 ! longfellow oh , yes , I hear you all right . $ 20,000,000 . that 's quite a lot , be not it ? cobb oh , it will do in a pinch . longfellow ( impressed ) yes , indeed . I wonder why he leave I all that money ? I do not need it . he resume he ' oom -pah . ' 18 . close shot - cedar and cobb stare , unbelievingly . dissolve to : int . a alcove 19 . full shot the three man sit around a table , have lunch . by longfellow 's side be , as expect , the tuba . cedar Mr. cobb here be a ex-newspaperman associate with you uncle for many year - as a sort of buffer . longfellow buffer ? cobb yeah . a glorify doormat . cedar yes . you see , rich people need someone to keep the crowd away . the world 's full of pest . then there 's the newspaper to handle . one must know when to seek publicity - and when to avoid it . during Cedar 's speech , longfellow seem to have be lose in he own thought . 20 . close shot - longfellow and cobb favore longfellow . longfellow Cedar , Cedar , Cedar and budington . funny , I can not think of a rhyme for budington . cobb why should you ? ? 345 ? longfellow well , whenever I run across a funny name , I always like to poke around for a rhyme . do not you ? cobb Nah . longfellow I have get one for cobb— 21 . close shot - the group longfellow " there once be a man name cobb , who keep semple away from the mob . come the turn of the tide and semple - he die - and now poor cobb 's out of a job ! " cobb sound like a two week ' notice to I . longfellow huh ? cobb I have get the ' sackaroo ' in many way - but never in rhyme . longfellow oh , I do not mean that . I be sure I be go to need you help . cobb oh , that 's different if it 's just poetry . 22 . wider angle as Mrs. meredith enter with coffee which she pour . cedar be you a marry man , Mr. deed ? longfellow who - I ? no. mrs . meredith no , he 's too fussy for that . that 's what 's the matter with he . there be lot of nice girl right here in mandrake Falls who be die to be marry '' longfellow do not pay any attention to she . mrs . meredith he 's get a lot of foolish notion - about save a lady in distress . longfellow now you keep out of this ! ? 346 ? cedar ( diplomatically ) save a lady in distress , eh ? well , I suppose we all have dream like that when we be young . ( rise ) incidentally , we would better get start . you will have to pack . longfellow what for ? cedar you be go to New York with we . longfellow when ? cobb this afternoon - at four o'clock . longfellow I do not think we have get any suitcase . mrs . meredith well , we could borrow a couple from Mrs. Simpson . you know , she go to Niagara Falls last year . longfellow I be kind of nervous . I have never be away from mandrake Falls in my life . kind of like to see grant 's tomb , though . cedar ( all business ) I can understand that . ( rise to go ) we will take a walk around town , meet you at the train at four o'clock . ( shake he hand ) congratulation , Mr. deed . you be one of the richest man in the country . we will see you later . ( to Mrs. meredith ) Goodbye and thank you . cobb see you later , kid . anderson's voice ( as he too exit ) good day , sir . they exit . 23 . two shot - longfellow and mrs . meredith longfellow hear what he say ? you know how much twenty million be ? mrs . meredith I do not care how much it be . you sit right there and eat you lunch . you have not touch a thing . ? 347 ? longfellow nibble at some food , stare into space thoughtfully . dissolve to : ext . station 24 . long shot the whole town be out . the band be play " he 's a jolly good fellow " - the crowd sing . it 's a festive occasion . a large , awkwardly paint sign loom over everyone 's head . it read : farewell longfellow deed the pride of mandrake fall 25 . medium shot - cedar and anderson they peer anxiously around , look for someone , when cobb dash in . cobb ( breathlessly ) I can not find he . cedar you can not ? cobb I look everywhere . I even go to he house . it 's lock up . anderson he probably have a change of heart . cedar he be not very anxious to come in the first place . cobb ( look on ) here come the train . Cedar glance off . 26 . long shot ( stock ) of train approach . 27 . close shot - cedar and cobb the band have already begin and be now in the midst of " for he 's a jolly good fellow . " at this moment , as he look off , a startle expression come into cobb 's eye . he grab Cedar by the arm - who glance in the direction he point . cobb look ! cedar what ? cobb that tuba player ! ? 348 ? 28 . medium shot - the band with longfellow , in he customary position , blow on he tuba . continuation scene 27 Cedar and cobb stare , wide - eye , as the song be finish . cobb well , now I have see everything . dissolve to : ext . station 29 . long shot in the b.g. be the train with longfellow stand on the observation platform , clutching he tuba . on either side of he be Cedar and cobb . in the f.g. the crowd yell its farewell . several of they stuff basket of fruit into he hand . the band play " auld lang syne . " 30 . close shot over longfellow and cobb 's shoulder . as the train begin pull out . longfellow smile wanly and wave . longfellow Goodbye , Mrs. meredith ! Goodbye , Jim ! bye , buddy ! Goodbye , everybody ! ( a pause ) gosh , I have get a lot of friend . cobb look up into longfellow 's face - affect by the scene . dissolve to : int . train drawing room 31 . full shot longfellow be slump in he seat , he leg sprawle out , he eye ceilingward - in deep think . cobb sit across from he . Cedar enter , hang up he coat , hat and cane . cobb ( open a snifter - generously ) have a drink ? longfellow ( distractedly ) no , thanks . cobb and Cedar exchange a look . cedar will you have a cigar ? longfellow no , thank you . Cedar sit down . cedar ( break the silence ) I would not worry if I be you . of course , a large fortune like this entail a great responsibility - but you will have a good deal of help . so do not worry . leave everything to I . ? 349 ? longfellow oh , I be not worried about that . cedar no ? longfellow I be wonder where they be go to get another tuba player for the band . cobb have just finish take a drink and can not help but nearly spit it out . fade out : fade in 32 . long shot ( stock ) the 20th century crossing the harlem River . dissolve to : 33 . another stock shot of the 20th century go under the street level on Park Avenue . dissolve to : 34 . close shot of office door upon which we read : " cedar , cedar &amp ; budington - entrance . " camera pull back to take in Cedar , who open the door and walk through . int . general office 35 . close trucking shot with Cedar as he stride across the room - in business - like fashion . he come to a door mark " private office . " he push this door open and disappear . man' voice ( as Cedar pass by ) hello , John . where have you be ? cedar ( as he walk briskly ) I have be fishing . in the background be typical office hub-bub . cedar ( to a secretary as he pass ) good morning , celia . secretary good morning , Mr. Cedar . a chorus of " good Morning , Mr. Cedar ! " issue from the clerk . a secretary look up . int . private office 36 . close trucking shot with Cedar - as he pass through the room - arrive at a door mark " JOHN cedar , private . " he go through the door . ? 350 ? int . cedar' private office - anteroom 37 . full shot Cedar breeze in and speak to a secretary . cedar good morning . where be they ? secretary wait for you in the other office . he stride across the room to still another door mark " private " and he disappear . dissolve to : int . cedar' private office 38 . full shot a group of associate sit around in large leather chair , as Cedar barge in . cedar ( beam ) good morning . hello , boy . the man come to life . some rise - other lean forward . two of they be brother of Cedar - tall and athletic . the third be a small , frighten - look man . he be budington . men ( ad lib ) hello , John . what happen ? well , what 's he like ? cedar we have get nothing to worry about . he 's as naive as a child . budington john— cedar Close that door . ( into dictograph ) will you get Mrs. Cedar on the phone , please ? first brother come on , John . what happen ? cedar ( to associate ) the smartest thing I ever do be to make that trip . budington ( anxiously ) John , do you get the - uh— ? 351 ? 39 . mo . shot - group favore Cedar . cedar ( interrupt ) no , budington , I do not get the power of Attorney . but do not worry , I will . ( beam to he brother ) I ask he last night what he be go to do with the money , and what do you suppose he say ? the two brother ( gather around he ) what ? I can not imagine . cedar he say he guess he would give it away . the two brother ( laugh ) give it away !? the boy must be a nit-wit ! budington have not enjoy the joke - he mind still on they problem . one of the brother well , John , you have the right hunch ! budington John , if you do not mind my say so - we can not afford to— cedar ( irascibly ) I know , budington . we can not afford to have the book investigate right now . you must have say that a thousand time already . budington but what if they fall into somebody else 's hand , why - uh— cedar well , it have not happen yet - have it ? budington ( wail ) but a half million dollar ! my goodness , where be we go to get— cedar ( explode ) will you stop worry ! it be I who get old man semple to turn everything over to we , be not it ? and who get the power of Attorney from he ! all right , and I will get it again ! ( pause - change of tone ) I will take it easy . that book will never leave this office . ? 352 ? dissolve to : int . a apartment 40 . medium shot George semple , a ne'er- do - well , prominent for the pouch under he eye and a perpetual nose -twitch , be sprawle out in a chair read a newspaper . a nag wife walk around he . wife a yokel ! nothing but a yokel ! you uncle must have be mad to leave all that money to he ! you be as closely related to he as he be , and what do you get ? she storm around the room . George merely twitches he nose but say nothing . wife ( slap the paper George be read ) I say , what do you get ? GEORGE stop yell . can I help it if my uncle do not like I ? wife I tell you to be nice to he . ten year we have be wait for that old man to kick off . and then we be go to be on easy Street . yeah - on easy Street ! GEORGE oh , shut up ! it 's too late now , and you be a nuisance ! wife that 's just what I be go to be - a nuisance . I be go to be a nuisance until I get hold of some of that money ! dissolve to : int . editor' office , DAILY mail 41 . full shot the editor stand in front of he desk . four of five reporter in front of he - several photographer . in the b.g. , lean against the wall near the door , apparently indifferent , be Babe bennett . the editor , Mac , be harangue they . mac ( as he blow he nose ) he 's news ! every time he blow he nose , it 's news . a corn -fed bohunk like that fall into the semple fortune be hot copy . . . but it 's get to be personal . it 's get to have a angle . what do he think about ? how do it feel to be a millionaire ! be he go to get marry ! what do he think of New York ! be he smart ? be he dumb ? . . . a million angle ! 42 . close shot - babe she have a string in she hand which she keep flick , try to get a knot into it - in the manner of cowboy with a rope . Mac 's voice continue over scene : ? 353 ? 43 . medium shot of they all , as Mac continue : mac he 's be here three day , and what have you numbskulls bring in ! any halfwit novice could have do better ! reporter' voice yeah , we try too mac be I talk too loud ? or annoying anybody ? reporter you know corny cobb . he 's keep he under lock and key . mac cobb , cobb ! never mind about cobb . use what little brain you have get ! find out something yourselves , you imbecilic stupe ! now get out of here before I really tell you what I think of you . come on , get out ! they scramble to they foot . one of the reporter mumble something as he pass Mac on the way to the door . reporter ( mumble . ) mac ( alert ) what be that ? reporter ( think fast - cover up ) huh ? I say you have dirty plaster . 44 . mo . close shot at door as Babe be still flick she string , try to get a knot . the reporter file past she on they way out . just as the last one be approach , she succeed in do the trick . 45 . medium shot as Mac turn to Babe . mac you too ! think I could depend on you , but you be get as bad as the rest of they . he grab up a handful of papers and start out . babe ( flick the string ) look , I can do it ! mac what 's get into you , Babe ? I remember the time when you would blast this town wide open before you would let cobb get away with a thing like this . ? 354 ? 46 . close two shot babe oh , he 's not get away with anything . mac ( excited ) listen , Babe - get I some stuff on this guy , and you can have '' babe can I have a month 's vacation ? mac with pay ! babe with pay ! mac uh-huh . babe ( casually , as she start away ) leave four column open on the front page tomorrow . 47 . medium shot as Babe cross to door . mac now you be talk , Babe . I will keep the whole front page open . what be you go to do ? babe ( at door ) have lunch . she exit . Mac 's face light up happily . dissolve to : ext . residence 48 . long shot of a large , impose - look residence . int . longfellow's bedroom 49 . medium shot longfellow stand awkwardly between two tailor - who chalk and pin a suit on he . after a few second of silence : longfellow it 's the first time I ever have a suit make on purpose . the tailor smile accommodatingly as camera pull back and we discover that both Cedar and cobb be present . cobb be slump in a chair , and Cedar be carefully put some papers away in a portfolio . ? 355 ? cedar it 's merely a suggestion . I do not wish to press the point , Mr. deed , but if you will give I you power of Attorney we will take care of everything . it will save you a lot of petty annoyance . every shark in town will be try to sell you something . longfellow oh , yes , there have be a lot of they around here already . strangest kind of people . salesmen - politician - moocher - all want something . I have not have a minute to myself . have not see grant 's tomb yet . cedar well , you see , you uncle do not bother with that sort of thing . he leave everything to we . he travel most of the time , and enjoy himself . you should do the same thing , Mr. deed . longfellow besides want to be my lawyer , you also want to handle my investment too ? cedar yes . that be to say— longfellow well , outside of you regular fee , how much extra will it cost ? cedar ( too quickly ) oh - nothing . no extra charge . longfellow that involve a lot of extra work , do not it ? cedar ( generously ) yes , but that 's a add service a firm like Cedar , Cedar , Cedar and budington usually donate . longfellow budington . funny , I can not think of a rhyme for budington yet . 50 . wider angle as a butler stand in the doorway . butler the gentleman from the opera be still wait in the board room , sir . they be get a trifle impatient , sir . longfellow they be ? I forget all about they . ( to cobb ) what do you think they want ? ? 356 ? cedar well , you uncle be Chairman of the board of director . they probably expect you to carry on . cobb ( rise ) I will tell that mug to keep they shirt on , that you will be right down . longfellow thanks ( suddenly ) oh , do you send that telegram to Jim mason ? cobb Jim mason ? oh , yeah . yeah . no , I do not send it . I have get it write out , though . here it be . ( reach into he pocket and read ) " Arthur 's be with the tallow Works too long . stop . do not think we should fire he . longfellow . " longfellow Fine . send it right away . I do not want he to fire Arthur . cobb oh , sure . sure . we do not want to fire Arthur . longfellow he be the last baby my father deliver , Arthur be . cedar I think you ought to give this matter some think , Mr. deed . longfellow huh ? cedar I mean , about the power of Attorney . longfellow oh , yes . yes , I will . cobb have stall long enough to hear longfellow 's decision before he go out of the room . longfellow I will give it a lot of think . there be a fellow name winslow here a little while ago , want to handle my affair for nothing too . it puzzle I why this people all want to work for nothing . it be not natural . so I guess I would better think about it some more . 51 . medium shot longfellow , Cedar and the two tailor . tailor that 's that . ? 357 ? longfellow you go to a awful lot of work to keep a fellow warm , do not you ? tailor yes , sir . a butler enter again . butler a Mr. hallor to see you sir . cedar ( quickly ) do you say hallor ? butler yes , sir . cedar well , do not let he in . longfellow why not ? who be he ? cedar a lawyer represent some woman with a claim against the estate . ( to butler ) tell he to see I at my office . longfellow well , if he have a claim , we would better see he . ( to butler ) send he in . the butler disappear . cedar he 's capable of cause you a lot of trouble , Mr. deed . longfellow how can he make any trouble for I ? I have not do anything . the butler reappear , follow by hallor . the minute he appear , Cedar speak up belligerently . cedar I think I tell you to take up this matter with I , hallor . 52 . mo . close group shot hallor I be a little tired of be push around by you , Mr. Cedar - I do not care how important you be . ( to longfellow ) Mr. deed , I represent Mrs. semple . ? 358 ? longfellow ( eyebrow raise ) Mrs. semple ? hallor yes . you uncle 's common - law wife . she have a legal claim on the estate . cedar we will let the court decide what she legal position be . hallor you would not dare go into court with a case like this - and you know it ! he turn to longfellow , who have listen to they studyingly . hallor I leave it to you , Mr. deed . can you conceive of any court not be in sympathy with any woman who give up the best year of she life for a old man like you uncle ? longfellow what kind of wife do you say she be ? hallor common - law wife . on top of that , there 's a child . longfellow a child ? my uncle 's ? hallor yes , sir . longfellow that 's awful . the poor woman should be take care of immediately . hallor ( pleased ) I be glad to see you be willing to be reasonable , Mr. deed . longfellow if she be he wife , she should have all the money . that 's only fair . I do not want a penny of it . he yank he trousers off and hand they to the tailor . cedar do not make any rash promise '' as the tailor exit , cobb return . cobb you would better get right down there . that opera mob be about to break into the mad song from " Lucia . " [ 2 ] ? 359 ? longfellow ( to hallor ) oh , I do not want to keep they wait any longer . they be important people . ( to cobb ) I wish you would go along with I , cobb . they be all stranger to I . hallor well , what about it , Mr. deed ? longfellow ( get into robe - to hallor ) you will excuse I , will not you ? I will be right back . he exit with cobb . int . corridor 53 . mo . trucking shot as longfellow and cobb come out and start down corridor . longfellow gee , I be busy . do the opera people always come here for they meeting ? cobb uh-huh . longfellow that 's funny . why be that ? cobb ( wisely ) why do mouse go where there 's cheese ? [ 3 ] int . board room 54 . full shot a group of eight distinguished - look man sit around a long table , await longfellow 's arrival . at the head of the table be a Mr. Douglas . douglas from what I be lead to believe , the young man 's quite childish . I do not think we will have any difficulty in get he to put up the entire amount . after all , it 's only a matter of $ 180,000 . chorus of voice a drop in the bucket for he . a excellent idea ! why not ? . . . douglas ( slyly ) you know , gentleman , we be really very fortunate the young man be so sympathetic toward music . ( winking ) he play the tuba in the town band . man ( who have be watch at door ) here he come . ? 360 ? douglas good . there be a shuffle of preparation . dissolve to : int . director' room 55 . same scene with longfellow and cobb present . longfellow look around , completely awed . douglas now , gentleman , the first order of business will be the election of a new Chairman of the board . a man ( rise ) as a sentimental gesture toward the best friend opera ever have , the late Mr. semple , I think it only fitting that he nephew , Mr. longfellow deed , should be make we next Chairman . I therefore nominate he . a voice second . douglas all that in favor . . . everybody aye . douglas carry . ( rise ) my congratulation , Mr. deed . 56 . closer shot feature longfellow . longfellow ( self - consciously ) I be Chairman ? douglas ( humoring a child ) oh yes , of course - you have just be elect . longfellow ( to cobb ) I be Chairman . cobb ( dryly ) happy voyage . douglas right here , Mr. deed . ? 361 ? 57 . wider angle as longfellow be lead to the president 's chair . Douglas sit next to he . douglas now , the next order of business be the read of the Secretary 's minute . . . a voice move we dispense with it . another voice second . douglas all in favor ? chorus of voice aye ! longfellow look he surprise . douglas I think they can be dispense with . we be ready now for the read of the treasurer 's report . a voice move we dispense with it . another voice second . douglas all in favor ? chorus of voice aye ! douglas quite right ! now , gentleman , the next business will be— 58 . mo . close shot feature longfellow , as he interrupt : longfellow wait a minute . what do the Chairman do ? douglas why , the Chairman preside at the meeting . longfellow that 's what I think . if you do not mind , I be rather interested in the treasurer 's report . I would like to hear it . there be a uncomfortable shuffle . for a few minute , no one speak . from the rear , a tall man rise . ? 362 ? 59 . close shot feature treasurer . treasurer the treasurer report a deficit of $ 180,000 for the current year . 60 . close shot - longfellow he be stunne . longfellow a deficit ! you mean we have lose that much ? 61 . wider angle to include all at table . douglas you see , Mr. deed , the opera be not conduct for profit . longfellow it be not ? what be it conduct for ? douglas why , it 's a artistic institution longfellow we own a opera house , do not we ? a voice we do . longfellow and we give show ? douglas we provide opera . longfellow but you charge . I mean , you sell ticket ? voice of course . longfellow and it do not pay ? douglas that 's impossible . the opera have never pay . longfellow ( conclusively ) well , then , we must give the wrong kind of show . cobb smile . the director be stump . 62 . mo . close shot feature Douglas and longfellow . douglas the wrong kind ! there be not any wrong or right kind . Opera be opera ! ? 363 ? longfellow I guess it be . but I personally would not care to be head of a business that keep lose money . that would not be common sense . incidentally , where be the $ 180,000 come from ? douglas well , we be rather expect it to come from you . longfellow I ?! douglas naturally . longfellow Excuse I , gentleman , there 's nothing natural about that . he be suddenly startle . his ear prick up . 63 . shot of director they all stare at longfellow . over scene come the low wail cry of a siren , which increase in volume as it get closer to the building . 64 . medium shot longfellow jump up . longfellow hey , a fire engine ! he rush to the window and peer out . the other stare unbelievably . the shriek of the siren finally die down . longfellow turn back . longfellow ( admiringly ) gee , that be a pip ! [ 4 ] ( as he go back to he seat ) we expect we be go to have one like that in mandrake Falls pretty soon '' with a siren , too . there be a pause while he get seat . longfellow now , where be we ? 65 . mo . close shot at table douglas you see , Mr. deed , the opera be not conduct like any ordinary business . longfellow why not ? douglas because it just be not a business , that 's all ! ? 364 ? longfellow well , maybe it be not to you , but it certainly be a business to I , if I have to make up a loss of $ 180,000 . if it 's lose that much money , there must be something wrong . maybe you charge too much . maybe you be sell bad merchandise . maybe lot of thing . I do not know . you see , I expect to do a lot of good with that money . and I can not afford to put it into anything that I do not look into . that 's my decision for the time be , gentleman . Goodbye , and thank you for make I Chairman . 66 . mo . shot - different angle he exit , follow by cobb , whose eye shriek he admiration . the director watch they leave , flabbergasted . cobb 's head reappear in doorway . cobb gentlemen , you will find the smell salt in the medicine chest . he disappear . the board of director stare in dumb stupefaction at the door . wipe off to : int . longfellow's bedroom 67 . mo . shot as longfellow enter . hallor and Cedar rise . longfellow sorry to keep you wait so long . that opera people be funny . they want I to put up $ 180,000 . hallor what about it , Mr. deed ? longfellow why , I turn they down , naturally . hallor no , I mean - about my client . longfellow oh - we will have to do something about the common wife . longfellow 's valet , walter , enter and hold up a full dress suit . walter tail tonight , sir ? longfellow what - tail ? ( turn and see it ) why , that 's a monkey suit ! [ 5 ] do you want people to laugh at I ? I never wear one of that thing in my life . walter yes , sir . ? 365 ? the tailor be leave . tailor ( shaking hand with longfellow ) Goodbye , and thank you sir . longfellow Goodbye . ( turn to the other ) want I to wear a monkey suit . Cedar and hallor smile accommodatingly . walter hand he a pair of trousers . 68 . closer shot of group as longfellow start get into the trousers . hallor of course , we do not want to appear greedy , Mr. deed . longfellow huh ? hallor I say we do not want to appear greedy . longfellow oh. that . walter have get down on he knee and hold the end of the pants . longfellow what do you think you be do ? walter why , I be assist you , sir . longfellow get up from there . I do not want anybody hold the end of my pants . get up from there ! walter ( rise ) yes , sir . longfellow ( to other ) imagine that - hold the end of my pants ! hallor smile feebly - he impatience grow . hallor Mrs. semple be entitle by law to one - third of the estate . longfellow ( to walter ) and do not ever get down on you knee again , understand ? ? 366 ? walter no , sir . longfellow ( to hallor ) Excuse I . what do you say ? hallor Mrs. semple be entitle to one- third of the estate . longfellow one-third ? that 's about $ 7,000,000 be not it ? hallor ( quietly ) well , we do not expect that much . I be sure I can get she to settle quietly for one million . cedar if there 's any talk of settlement , hallor , take it up with I at the office . hallor I will do no such thing— longfellow that 's right . do not you go to he office . there 's only one place you be go , and that 's out the door . hallor look up , surprised . hallor you be make a mistake , Mr. deed . longfellow oh no , I be not . I do not like you face . besides , there 's something fishy about a person who would settle for a million dollar when they can get seven million . I be surprised that Mr. Cedar , who 's suppose to be a smart man , could not see through that . hallor now wait a minute , buddy '' 69 . mo . shot longfellow cross to bell cord and pull it . longfellow there 's one nice thing about be rich - you ring a bell and thing happen . when the servant come in , Mr. hallor , I be go to ask he to show you to the door . many people do not know where it be . hallor no use in get tough . that will get you nowhere , Mr. deed . ( strongly ) you know , we have get letter . ? 367 ? as a butler enter , longfellow turn to he . longfellow will you show Mr. hallor to the front door ? butler yes , sir . 70 . close shot at door as hallor get to it . longfellow grab he by the shirt front and half lift he off the floor . longfellow and listen , there be not any wife - there be not any letter - and I think you be a crook . so you better watch you step . he shove hallor violently and he stumble out of scene . cobb enter to longfellow , he hand extend . cobb I can not hold out on you any longer . Lamb bite wolf . ( shake he head ) beautiful . longfellow only common sense . 71 . mo . shot Cedar have be most uncomfortable through the scene , but now suavely assume a admire attitude . cedar ( a force smile ) I can not hold out any longer either , Mr. deed . ( hold out he hand ) be a attorney for you will be a very simple affair . longfellow you be not my attorney yet , Mr. Cedar . not till I find out what 's on you mind . suppose you get the book straighten out quick so I can have a look at they . cedar yes , of course , if you wish . but you must be prepare . this sort of thing will be daily routine . ( pick up he hat ) if it become annoying , you let I know . Goodbye , Mr. deed . Goodbye , sir . longfellow shake he hand . Cedar exit . longfellow stare after he disgustedly , wiping he hand with he handkerchief . longfellow even he hand be oily . walter have enter and hold up a coat for longfellow . ? 368 ? cobb well , how about tonight ? what would you like in the way of entertainment ? longfellow entertainment ? 72 . close two shot cobb you uncle have a weakness for dark one , tall and stately . how would you like yours ? Dark or fair , tall or short , fat or thin , tough or tender ? longfellow what be you talk about ? cobb woman ! ever hear of them ? longfellow oh. cobb name you poison and I will supply it . longfellow some other time , cobb . some other time . cobb okay , you be the boss . ( as he go ) when you blood begin to boil , yell out . I will be see you ! 73 . mo . shot as cobb exit . longfellow turn to walter , the valet . longfellow he talk about woman as if they be cattle . walter every man to he taste , sir . longfellow tell I , walter , be all that storey I hear about my uncle true ? walter well , sir , he sometimes have as many as twenty in the house at the same time . longfellow twenty ! what do he do with they ? walter that be something I be never able to find out , sir . wipe off to : ? 369 ? ext . corridor 74 . mo . shot longfellow , exite he bedroom , wear a coat and hat . he come to the top of a grand staircase , look around slyly and see that no one be watch . he slide down the bannister and touch the statue at the bottom for good luck . he start for the door . when he get there he find he way bar by two husky - look mug . he look up surprised . first bodyguard hey , you go out ? longfellow why yes . be not that all right ? 2 nd bodyguard no . do not ever want to go out without tell we . longfellow who be you ? bodyguard we be you bodyguard . longfellow oh , yeah . 2 nd bodyguard yeah , Mr. cobb say stick to you tail no matter what . longfellow that 's very nice of Mr. cobb - but I do not want anybody stick to my tail no matter what . first bodyguard sorry , mister . order be order . longfellow be that so ? 2 nd bodyguard yes , sir . we gotta get you up in the morning - and we gotta put you to bed at night . first bodyguard only it 's all right . no matter what we see - we do not see nuttin' , see ? longfellow ( smile ) that 's go to be fun . 2 nd bodyguard some people like it . longfellow glance around the room thoughtfully , then continue : longfellow uh , will you do something for I before we go out ? ? 370 ? first bodyguard sure ! the first bodyguard eagerly take out a pistol . the second bodyguard slap it away . 2 nd bodyguard ( to first bodyguard ) put that away , slug ! ( to longfellow ) at you service ! longfellow I get a trunk in that room . will you get it out for I ? 2 nd bodyguard certainly . first bodyguard with pleasure . the two bodyguard accommodatingly enter a closet . the moment they be go , longfellow close the door calmly and turn the key . bodyguard ( ad - lib ) hey , hey ! we be you bodyguard . you can not do this ! longfellow whistle as he exit . dissolve to : ext . front of house 75 . mo . close shot longfellow come out , glance over the horizon . the air be fill with a slight drizzle and he sigh happily . CUT to : int . taxi cab 76 . close shot Babe and two photographer , Bob and Frank , be huddle conspiratorially in the back seat of a taxi cab . babe ( point ) there he be . yep , that 's he . bob that 's who ? babe get the camera ready and follow I . frank what be you go to do ? babe never mind . follow I and grab whatever you can get . ? 371 ? bob I suppose it 's go to be the same old thing . frank I tell you that dame 's nut . bob right . CUT to : ext . front of house 77 . mo . close shot longfellow be exite front gate . 78 . mo . shot from he angle . out of the shadow a girl come into view and stagger forward . she reach a tree and clutches it weakly . then she strength fail , she crumple to the ground . 79 . mo . close shot longfellow 's eye widen in apprehension as he start forward - camera following he . he reach the girl and bend down , lift she head . we see it be Babe bennett . her eye be close , apparently in a dead faint . 80 . close shot - longfellow and babe - low angle longfellow study she face for a moment , then start to lift she . as he do so , she eye open and she look up at he , feign bewilderment . longfellow you faint . babe ( feebly ) oh , do I ? I be sorry . . . she struggle to get to she foot . 81 . wider angle longfellow try to assist she . longfellow can I help you ? babe no , thank you . I will be all right . longfellow look , this be my house . I would like to— babe oh , no , really - I will be all right . longfellow what happen ? babe well , I guess I walk too much . I have be look for a job all day . I find one , too . I start tomorrow . ? 372 ? ( back away ) you have be awfully kind . thank you very much . as she leave he , longfellow watch she , full of sympathy . she take a few step and , again feign weakness , fall against the iron fence , clutching it . longfellow rush to she assistance . 82 . close two shot longfellow ( look around ) hey , taxi ! CUT to : int . taxi cab 83 . close shot bob ( to driver ) hey , stupe ! follow that cab they just get into , will you ? hurry up ! step on it ! frank come on , come on ! bob hurry up ! dissolve to : insert : a electric sign : " tullio be '' eat with the literati " dissolve to : int . tullio be 84 . mo . close shot a corner table , surround by fern , at which longfellow and Babe sit . she 's still eat . longfellow feel better now ? babe mmm , it taste so good . Mr. deed , I do not know how I can ever thank you . longfellow tell I more about yourself . babe well , I guess I have tell you almost everything there be to tell . my folk live in a small town near hartford . I be down here alone try to make a live . ( hang she head ) oh , I be really just a nobody . longfellow spot a strolling violinist . he furtively beckon the fellow over . the musician lean into they with romantic strain . ? 373 ? babe ( as the musician finish and stroll away ) oh , that be so lovely . thank you . longfellow you be a lady in distress , be not you ? babe ( look up ) what ? longfellow oh - uh - nothing . 85 . wider angle as a waiter enter the scene and begin remove dish . longfellow waiter ! have anybody come in yet ? waiter huh ? on , no . nobody important . longfellow be sure and point them out to I , will not you ? waiter uh-huh . longfellow I be a writer myself , you know . the waiter throw longfellow a sidelong glance of complete boredom . waiter uh-huh . longfellow I write poetry . waiter uh-huh . he exit . 86 . close two shot - babe and longfellow babe you have be have quite a exciting time here , have not you ? all that meeting and business deal and society people - have not you be have fun ? longfellow no . that be , I do n't— ( pause - while he look at she ) until I meet you . I like talk to you , though ( moodily ) imagine my find you right on my doorstep . ? 374 ? 87 . wider angle the waiter enter again . waiter brookfield just come in . longfellow oh , the poet ? where ? waiter over at that big round table . the one that look like a poodle . longfellow stare off scene - he eye full of worship . longfellow ( to Babe ) look - there 's brookfield , the poet . babe ( look also ) really ? 88 . mo . shot from they angle , to show people at a table , engage in conversation . 89 . mo . close shot at longfellow 's table . he stare off at they , awed . Babe watch he face . 90 . mo . shot - author' table a group of five man , drink - as the waiter enter . waiter ( confidentially - indicate longfellow ) pardon . longfellow deed , who just inherite the semple fortune , want to meet you . brookfield oh , yes . I read about he . he write poetry on postcard . henaberry let 's invite he over . might get a couple of laugh . get rather dull around here . morrow it 's always dull here . brookfield ( rise ) I will get he . henaberry good . ? 375 ? dissolve to : 91 . mo . shot - round table at which they be all seat now . Babe sit next to longfellow , who be the center of attraction . brookfield be just finish introduction . brookfield henaberry , Mr. morrow , Bill - this be Mr. deed and he fiancée from mandrake Falls . the group ( ad - lib ) how do ! hello ! Nice to meet you ! longfellow Nice of you to ask we to come and sit with you . back home we never get a chance to meet famous people . bill ( call waiter ) waiter ! a little service here . the group ( ad - lib ) yes ! Mr. deed be a distinguished poet . a drink for Mr. deed ! henaberry he 's a poet . have a drink . longfellow no - I do not want it , thank you . henaberry why , you must drink ! all poet drink ! 92 . mo . close shot - the group bill tell we , Mr. deed . how do you go about write you poem ? we craftsman be very interested in one another 's method . henaberry yes . do you have to wait for a inspiration , or do you just dash it off ? longfellow ( self - consciously ) well , I do not know . i— henaberry Mr. morrow , over there , for instance , just dash they off . ? 376 ? morrow yes . that 's what my publisher have be complain about . they all laugh superficially . 93 . close shot group - babe and longfellow Babe glance up at longfellow , to see if he 's aware that he be be laugh at . but he apparently be not . longfellow ( laugh feebly ) you reader do not complain , Mr. morrow . morrow' voice oh , thanks . thanks . brookfield how about you , Mr. deed ? longfellow well , I write mine on order . the people I work for just tell I what they want and then I go to work and write it . brookfield amazing ! why , that 's true genius ! henaberry yes . have you any peculiar characteristic when you be create ? longfellow well , I play the tuba . they all laugh . morrow I have be play the harmonica for forty year - do not do I a bit of good . 94 . close shot - group brookfield you would not have one in you pocket , would you , Mr. deed ? longfellow ( smile ) what ? a tuba ? they all laugh . brookfield no , a postcard - with one of you poem on it . longfellow be beginning to sense he be be kidd . longfellow ( he face sober ) no . ? 377 ? henaberry you mean to tell I you do not carry a pocketful around with you ? brookfield too bad ! I be hope you would autograph one for I . henaberry I be too . bill quite right . 95 . mo . group shot as they keep on . longfellow have he eye levell on each speaker in turn , obviously cognizant of they ill-conceale jibe . henaberry wait a minute , boy . perhaps Mr. deed would recite one for we . the other' voice ( ad - lib ) yes ! brookfield that 's a very good idea . nothing like a poet recite he own stuff . one of the other how about a mother 's Day poem , Mr. deed ? henaberry exactly ! give we one that wring the great american heart . the group ( ad - lib ) yes . Babe have be watch longfellow , interested . now , when they voice die down - and they wait expectantly - he speak quietly . longfellow ( deeply hurt ) I guess I get the idea . I guess I know why I be invite here . to make fun of I . 96 . mo . shot - group several voice ( ad - lib ) oh , come now . I would not say that . henaberry look , he 's temperamental . ? 378 ? longfellow ( levelling off at he ) yeah , what if I be ? what about it ? henaberry 's face sober . longfellow ( simply ) it 's easy to make fun of somebody if you do not care how much you hurt them . ( to brookfield ) I think you poem be swell , Mr. brookfield , but I be disappointed in you . I know I must look funny to you , but maybe if you go to mandrake Falls you would look just as funny to we . only nobody would laugh at you and make you feel ridiculous - ' cause that would not be good manners . 97 . close shot - longfellow as he rise , continue : longfellow I guess maybe it be comical to write poem for postcard , but a lot of people think they be good . anyway , it 's the best I can do . so if you will excuse I , we will be leave . I guess I find out that all famous people - be not big people . . . 98 . mo . shot the group watch he silently as he leave the table accompany by Babe . for a moment they be nonpluss - then they break into raucous laughter - all but morrow . 99 . close trucking shot with longfellow and Babe as they take several step . then he abruptly stop . longfellow ( turn to they ) there 's just one thing more . if it be not for miss Dawson be here with I , I would probably bump you head together . babe ( quickly ) oh , I do not mind . longfellow stare at she for a moment . longfellow then I guess maybe I will . he start back toward the table . 100 . mo . shot at table protectively , brookfield and henaberry rise from they chair . but they be too late , for longfellow clip brookfield on the chin first with he leave fist - and with he right catch henaberry on the jaw . the punch be almost simultaneous . the surprise attack catch the man off -guard and they fall backward . a waiter rush forward to escort longfellow and Babe out . ? 379 ? waiter ( call out ) manager ! morrow , who never budge from he chair , and who have watch longfellow with great admiration , now rise to catch up to he . morrow ( a outcry ) Eureka ! int . foyer of tullio be 101 . mo . shot as morrow catch up to longfellow and Babe , who be on they way out . the waiter be shooing people away . waiter step aside , step aside ! morrow barge forward . longfellow and Babe turn . morrow ( obviously groggy with drink ) say fellow , you neglect I - and I feel very put out . ( point to he chin ) look , sock it right there , will you ? Lay one right on the button , [ 6 ] but sock it hard . 102 . close shot - the three longfellow that 's all right . I get it off my chest . morrow the difference between they and I be I know when I have be a skunk . you take I to the nearest news -stand and I will eat a pack of you postcard raw . Raw ! longfellow and Babe smile . as morrow continue to speak , he sway drunkenly and would fall over backwards a couple of time in midsentence if the alert longfellow do not have a clutch on he collar . morrow oh , what a magnificent deflation of smugness . pal , you have add ten year to my life ! a poet with a straight leave and a right hook - delicious ! delicious ! you be my guest from now on - forever and a day - even unto eternity ! longfellow thanks , but miss Dawson and I be go out to see the sight . morrow Fine , fine . swell , you just show I a sight lovely to behold , and I would like to reciprocate . listen , you hop aboard my magic carpet '' ( longfellow catch he before he fall backward in he enthusiasm ) sthanks - and I will show you sight that you have never see before . ? 380 ? longfellow I would kind of like to see grant 's tomb - and the statue of Liberty . 103 . close shot - group favore morrow . morrow well , you will not only see that , but before the evening 's half through , you will be lean against the lean Tower of Pisa - you will mount mt. everest . I will show you the pyramid and all the little pyramidde , leaping from sphinx to sphinx . pal , how would you like to go on a real , old - fashioned binge ? longfellow ( puzzle ) binge ? morrow yes . I mean the real mccoy . listen , you play saloon with I , and I will introduce you to every wit , every nit -wit , and every half - wit in New York . we will go on a twister that will make Omar the souse philosopher of persia [ 7 ] look like a anemic on a goat 's milk diet . longfellow save he - once again - from crash over . 104 . close shot - group feature longfellow . longfellow ( vaguely ) that ought to be fun . morrow fun ? say , listen , I will take you on a bender that will live in you memory as a thing of beauty and joy forever . ( to someone off ) Boy ! Boy ! my headpiece ! he exit from the scene . camera following he . morrow ( to the world in general ) oh , tempora ! oh , moerae ! oh , bacchus ! [ 8 ] he bump into a woman , who glare at he . woman oh , you be drunk . morrow ( unmindful ) oh , you be right . 105 . closeup - babe and longfellow longfellow ( to Babe ) I guess if we go with he , we will see thing , huh ? ? 381 ? she look up at he face , amaze at he innocence . babe yes , I guess we will . fade out : int . mac' office 106 . mo . shot Mac be read the story , eye sparkling . Babe be sprawle in a chair , do trick with a coin . mac ( read ) " 'I play the tuba to help I think . ' this be one of the many startling statement make by longfellow deed - New York 's new cinderella man - who go out last night to prove that he uncle , the late m.w. semple - from whom he inherite $ 20,000,000 - be a rank amateur in the art of ' stand the town on its cauliflower ear ' . . . " [ 9 ] he look up . mac cinderella man ! that 's sensational , Babe ! sensational ! babe it take some high - power act , believe I . mac do it ? babe I be the world 's sweetest ingenue . mac be he really that big a sap ? 107 . close shot - the two favore Babe . babe he 's the original . there be no carbon copy of that one . mac cinderella man ! Babe , you stick a tag on that hick that will stick to he the rest of he life . can you imagine cobb 's face when he read this ? babe if we could sell ticket , we would make a fortune . she cover the coin with palm of other hand , and the coin disappear . but Mac be too excited to pay any attention . mac how would you get the picture ? ? 382 ? babe have the boy follow we . mac marvelous ! ( read again ) " at two o'clock this morning , Mr. deed tie up traffic while he feed a bagful of doughnut to a horse . when ask why he be do it , he reply : ' I just want to see how many doughnut this horse would eat before he would ask for a cup of coffee . ' " ( laugh ) beautiful ! what happen after that ? babe I do not know . I have to duck to get the story out . he be so far along he never even miss I . mac whe n're you go to see he again ? babe tonight , maybe . ( look at she watch ) I will phone he at noon . ( explain ) oh , my lunch hour . I be a stenographer , you know . Mary Dawson . 108 . mo . shot - the two favore mac. mac ( laugh ) you be a genius , Babe - a genius ! babe I even move into mabel Dawson 's apartment - in case old snoopy cobb might start look around . mac ( all excited ) good ! good ! stay there . do not show you face down here . I will tell everybody you be on you vacation . they will never know where the storey be come from . stick close to he , Babe - you can get a exclusive story out of he every day for a month . we will have the other papers crazy . ( start for she ) Babe , I could kiss you ! 109 . wider angle babe ( sidestepping ) oh , no . no . we deal be for a month 's vacation - with pay . mac sure . ? 383 ? babe with pay ! she be out the door . mac ( yell after she ) you will get it , Babe . you will get it . dissolve to : int . longfellow's bedroom 110 . close shot walter lean over the bed violently , shaking longfellow , who be lose in drunken sleep . walter Mr. deed - Mr. deed , sir - you really must get up . it 's late ! longfellow ( without budging - without open he eye ) you be walter , be not you ? walter yes , sir . longfellow I just want to make sure . 111 . close shot - walter he smile . walter if you will permit I to say so , sir , you be out on quite a bender last night , sir . 112 . close shot - longfellow longfellow open one eye - and then the other , blink . as consciousness return to he , he glance around the room as if to get he bearing . longfellow Bender ? you be wrong , walter . we start out to a binge but we never get to it . 113 . mo . close shot - the two walter offer he a drink on a tray . walter ( humoring he ) yes , sir . longfellow what 's that ? walter a prairie oyster , sir . [ 10 ] longfellow ( slow to comprehend anything ) prairie ? oyster ? ? 384 ? walter yes , sir . it make the head feel smaller . longfellow take it and downs it in one swig . longfellow ( he face finally reacting ) oh. oh ! ( remember ) have miss Dawson call yet ? walter miss Dawson , sir ? no , sir . no miss Dawson have call , sir . longfellow she be a lady in distress . she would not let I help she . get a lot of pride . I like that . walter oh , I do too , sir . longfellow I would better call she up and apologize . I do not remember take she home last night . walter I would venture to say , sir , you do not remember much of anything that happen last night , sir . 114 . close shot - the two favore longfellow . longfellow what do you mean ? I remember everything ! Hand I my pants - I write she phone number on a piece of paper . walter you have no pants , sir . longfellow look up slowly . walter go on : walter you come home last night - without they . longfellow ( after a double take ) I do what ! walter as a matter of fact , you come home without any clothes . you be in you - uh - short . yes , sir . longfellow oh , do not be silly , walter . I could not walk around in the street without any clothes . I would be arrest . walter that 's what the two policemén say , sir . ? 385 ? longfellow what two policeman ? walter the one who bring you home , sir . they say you and another gentleman keep walk up and down the street , shouting : " back to nature ! clothes be a blight on civilization ! back to nature ! " longfellow watch he face , fascinate . slowly it be all come back to he . longfellow listen , walter , if a man name morrow call up , tell he I be not in . he may be a great author , but I think he 's crazy . the man 's crazy , walter . 115 . reverse angle favore walter . walter yes , sir . by the way , do you— longfellow slowly swing out of bed into a sit position . walter kneel to put on longfellow 's slipper . longfellow balk , point , silently remind walter that he have break he promise not to kneel down in front of he . longfellow ( point ) please ! walter but how will I put on the slipper , sir ? longfellow 's expression beg no disagreement . walter stand , fumble with the shoe from a stoop posture . walter ( continue ) yes , sir . I beg pardon , sir , but do you ever find what you be look for , sir ? longfellow look for ? walter you keep search I last night , sir . go through my pocket . you say you be look for a rhyme for budington . longfellow ( flatly ) better bring I some coffee , walter . walter very good , sir . ( remember ) oh , I beg pardon . a telegram come for you , sir . ( he hand the telegram to longfellow ) I will get you some black coffee , sir . ? 386 ? 116 . medium shot follow walter 's exit . longfellow quickly open the telegram . his face cloud . at this moment , cobb come burst into the room - a newspaper in he hand . cobb ( wildly ) do you see all this stuff in the papers ? longfellow ( hold out telegram ) Arthur want to quit ! cobb Arthur ! who 's Arthur ? longfellow he 's the shipping clerk at the tallow Works . want a $ 2 raise - or he will quit . cobb ( he go crazy ) what do I care about Arthur ! do you see this stuff in the paper ? how would it get in there ? what would you do last night ? who be you talk to ? he fling the paper on the bed . longfellow glance at it , and he face cloud . cobb ( while longfellow read ) and what would you do to that bodyguard ? they quit this morning . Said you lock they up . longfellow oh , they insisted on follow I . 117 . two shot cobb ( wildly ) what do you think bodyguard be for ? longfellow ( glance up ) what do they mean by this - " cinderella man ! " cobb be that storey true ? 118 . close shot - longfellow and cobb longfellow have he eye glue on the paper . longfellow I do not remember . " cinderella man ! " what do they mean by that ? cobb they would call you anything if you give they half a chance . they have get you down as a sap . ? 387 ? longfellow ( calmly ) I think I will go down and punch this editor on the nose . cobb ( quickly ) no , you do not ! get this clear : sock people be no solution for anything . 119 . two shot longfellow sometimes it 's the only solution . cobb not editor . take my word for it . not editor ! longfellow if they be go to poke fun at I , I be go to— cobb ( bend over , earnestly ) listen . listen , longfellow . you have get brain , kid . you will get along swell if you will only curb you homicidal instinct - and keep you trap shut . do not talk to anybody ! this newshound be out gun for you . longfellow ( refer to paper ) but what about this " cinderella man " ? cobb that 's my job . I will take care of that . I will keep that stuff out of the papers - if you will help I . but I can not do anything if you go around talk to people . will you promise I to be careful from now on ? longfellow yes , I guess I will have to . cobb ( mop he brow ) thank you . ( as he go ) if you feel the building rock , it will be I blast into this editor . 120 . mo . shot he exit . during the scene walter have enter with a tray , which he have adjust on longfellow 's knee . longfellow cobb 's right . I must not talk to anybody . butler ( enter ) miss Dawson on the phone , sir . ? 388 ? longfellow ( alertly ) who ? miss Dawson ? butler yes , sir . longfellow Fine . I will talk to she . give I the phone , quick . she 's the only one I be go to talk to from now on . as the butler scurries around for the phone , dissolve to : ext . top of fifth avenue bus - night - ( process ) 121 . close shot - babe and longfellow longfellow look around , absorb . Babe watch he . longfellow it 's awfully nice of you to show I around like this . babe I enjoy it . longfellow the Aquarium be swell . if I live in New York , I would go there every day . I will bet you do . babe well , I would like to - but I have a job to think of . ext . STREET 122 . mo . close shot - a taxi directly behind the bus . a man 's head be stick out of taxi window . we recognize it as one of the photographer , Bob . bob ( to driver ) hey , flap -ear ! [ 11 ] you better keep follow that bus ! driver' voice keep you shirt on ! int . the taxi - process 123 . close shot - bob and frank two photographer , with they equipment . they keep they eye glue on the bus in front . they return to they seat . bob it do not look as though we be gonna get any picture tonight . frank Babe ought to get he drunk again . ? 389 ? ext . top of bus 124 . close shot - babe and longfellow babe get any news— ( catch herself ) I mean , have anything exciting be happen lately ? longfellow sure . I meet you . babe ( laugh ) oh . what 's happen about the opera ? longfellow oh , that - well , we have another meeting . I tell they I would go on be Chairman if '' ( explain ) I be Chairman , you know . babe yes , I know . longfellow I tell them I would play along with they if they lower they price - and cut down expense - and broadcast . babe what do they say ? longfellow gosh , you look pretty tonight . babe what do they say ? longfellow huh ? oh . they say I be crazy . Said I want to run it like a grocery store . babe what be they go to do ? longfellow ( lean over close to she ) do you always wear you hair like that ? 125 . wider shot at this point , two girl pass by , chatter . one girl have a paper open . first girl be not it a scream - " cinderella man ! " the dope ! 2 nd girl I would like to get my hook into that guy . ? 390 ? first girl do not worry . somebody 's probably take he for plenty . they be go . longfellow glare after they . Babe be afraid to look up . longfellow ( quietly ) if they be man , I would knock they head together . Babe be silent . longfellow watch she for a moment . 126 . close shot - the two favore longfellow . longfellow have you see the papers ? babe uh-huh . longfellow that 's what I like about you . you think about a man 's feeling . I would like to go down to that newspaper and punch the fellow in the nose that 's write that stuff '' 127 . mo . close shot - the two she look up , startle . longfellow '' " cinderella man ! " I guess pretty soon everybody will be call I " cinderella man . " Babe have have a uncomfortable time of it - and quickly change the subject . babe would you like to walk the rest of the way ? it 's so nice out . longfellow yes . babe yeah , let 's . she jump up from she seat , and longfellow follow . int . the taxi 128 . mo . close shot favore the taxi driver . driver hey , wise guy . he 's get off . this set off a mad scramble . bob and frank ( ad - lib ) hey , come on ! ? 391 ? pull over to the curb ! dissolve to : ext . riverside drive - granth tomb 129 . mo . close shot - longfellow and babe he stand across the street from grant 's tomb , look solemn . his eye moist . she be unaware of he emotion . babe come on , do not you want to see it ? int . the taxi 130 . mo . shot - bob and frank frank feast you eye . grant 's tomb ! bob be that it ? ( to driver ) hey , beetle -puss ! the tomb ! 131 . mo . close shot - longfellow and babe as they approach the monument . babe there you be . grant 's tomb . I hope you be not disappointed . longfellow ( throatily ) it 's wonderful . babe to most people , it 's a awful letdown . longfellow ( in awe ) huh ? babe I say , to most people it 's a washout . longfellow that depend on what they see . babe ( look up at he ) now , what do you see ? 132 . closeup - longfellow longfellow I ? oh , I see a small Ohio farm boy become a great soldier . I see thousand of march man . I see General Lee with a break heart , surrender , and I can see the beginning of a new nation , like abraham lincoln say . and I can see that Ohio boy be inaugurated as President '' ( dreamily ) thing like that can only happen in a country like America . ? 392 ? 133 . closeup - babe to intercut with above speech . during he recital , she watch he face , fascinate . her impulse be to laugh , but she find that she can not . longfellow ( overcome - he almost choke on he final word ) Excuse I ! fade out : int . private office 134 . mo . close shot a switchboard operator field call . switchboard operator sorry , Mr. Hopper . Mr. Cedar will not answer he phone . sorry . office clerk ( pass by ) say , what 's go on in the boss 's office ? switchboard operator search I . the three ' cs ' and little ' B ' have be in there for over a hour . int . cedar' private office 135 . full shot Cedar pace the floor . his brother look worried . budington be enthrone at Cedar 's desk . budington I do not want to be critical , John , but here it be '' cedar ( pounce on he ) yes , I know . a week 's go by and we have not get the power of Attorney yet ! budington yes , but you said— cedar ( walk way from he ) I do not care what I say . I can not strangle he , can I ! first brother it 's ridiculous for we to have to worry about a boy like that . ( cross to desk ) look at this article about he ! " cinderella man ! " why , he 's carry on like a idiot . budington exactly what I be say to my wife when this '' first brother who care what you be say to you wife ? ? 393 ? there be a moment 's awkward silence . the silence be break by the buzzing of the dictograph . Cedar cross to it and snap the button . 136 . close shot at desk as secretary 's voice come over dictograph : cedar yes ? secretary's voice Mr. and Mrs. semple be still wait . cedar ( irritate ) I can not help it . let they wait ! he snap the dictograph off . 137 . mo . shot group first brother that people have be in to see I every day this week . 2 nd brother who be they ? cedar ( dismiss it ) relative of old man semple . first brother they keep insist they should have some nuisance value . cedar nuisance value ? first brother they say if it have not be for deed , they would have get all the money . cedar ( suddenly ) nuisance value . ( think a minute - cross to door ) maybe they have ! maybe they have ! maybe they have ! ( open door ) Mr. and Mrs. semple , please . how do you do ? the other all stand around - as the semple enter . mrs . semple we have be try to— 138 . mo . close shot - cedar and the semple cedar ( smoothly cut she off ) I be so sorry to have keep you wait . how be you , sir ? I do not know what my secretary could ? 394 ? have be think to keep you wait this long . ( to one of he brother ) will you bring the chair ? quickly . will you have a cigar , Mr. semple ? mr. semple thanks . semple take the cigar - rather flabbergasted at all the sudden attention shower upon he . dissolve to : ext . roof of tall build - night 139 . mo . shot - longfellow and babe from over they shoulder , look down on the light and teeming activity of Times Square . babe there 's Times Square . longfellow you can almost spit on it , can not you ? babe why do not you try ? he do try . the wind blow it back on he . she laugh , take out a handkerchief and wipe it off he coat . babe ( as she wipe ) oh ! it 's breezy up here . he do not say anything right away . babe you be worried about that article they be write about you , be not you ? longfellow I be not worry any more . I suppose they will go on write they till they get tired . you do not believe all that stuff , do you ? a guilty look spread over Babe 's face . babe oh , they just do it to sell the newspaper , you know . longfellow yeah , I guess so . what puzzle I be why people seem to get so much pleasure out of hurt each other . why do not they try like each other once in a while ? a awkward pause . babe shall we go ? ? 395 ? dissolve to : ext . central park - night 140 . mo . trucking shot as Babe and longfellow walk . babe ( spot a park bench ) here 's a nice place . longfellow yeah . anyway , there be not any photographer around . ext . park - behind some bushes 141 . medium shot Bob and Frank , sneaking around in the bush . 142 . close shot - longfellow and babe babe you know , you say something to I when you first meet I that I have think about a great deal . longfellow what 's that ? babe you say I be a lady in distress . longfellow oh , that '' babe what do you mean by that ? longfellow nothing— there be a pause . longfellow have you get a - be you - uh - engage or anything ? 143 . closeup - babe the corner of she mouth go up in sympathetic amusement . babe no . be you ? longfellow's voice no . babe you do not go out with girl very much , do you ? longfellow's voice I have not . babe why not ? ? 396 ? 144 . close shot - the two favore longfellow . longfellow oh , I do not know . babe you must have meet a lot of swell society girl since you have be here . do not you like they ? longfellow I have not meet anybody here that I like , particularly . they all seem to have the St. vitus dance . [ 12 ] ( awkwardly ) except you , of course . ( a pause ) people here be funny . they work so hard at live - they forget how to live ( thoughtfully ; lean back ) last night , after I leave you , I be walk along and look at the tall building and I get to think about what thoreau say . they create a lot of grand palace here - but they forget to create the noblemen to put in they . 145 . reverse angle favore Babe . she stare at he curiously . longfellow I would rather have mandrake Falls . babe I be from a small town too , you know . longfellow ( interested ) really ? babe probably as small as mandrake Falls . longfellow ( find a kindre soul ) gosh ! what do you know about that ! Babe lean she head back in a reminiscent mood . we get a feel that , for the moment , she have forget she be Babe bennett , out on a story . babe ah , it 's a beautiful little town , too . a row of poplar tree right along Main Street . always smell as if it just have a bath . 146 . mo . close shot - the two longfellow watch she face intently . babe I have often think about go back . ? 397 ? longfellow you have ? babe oh , yes . I use to have a lot of fun there when I be a little girl . I use to love to go fishing with my father . that 's funny . he be a lot like you , my father be . talk like you , too . sometimes he would let I hold the line while he smoke - and we would just sit there for hour . and after awhile , for no reason , I would go over and kiss he and sit in he lap . he never say very much but once I remember he say : " no matter what happen , honey , do not complain . " longfellow he sound like a person worth while know . there be a pause while longfellow watch she , and she be lose in think . babe ( continue ) he play in the town band , too . longfellow he do ? I play the tuba— babe yeah , I know . longfellow what do he play ? babe the drum . he teach I to play some . longfellow he do ? babe yes . I can do " swanee River . " would you like to hear I ? longfellow ( enthusiastically ) sure ! 147 . medium shot she pick up a couple of branch . with the two stick she drum on the bench seat - and sing " swanee River . " when she be finish , though clearly delighted , he show she a long face of mock -disappointment . babe oh , I suppose you could do better . longfellow sure . I can sing " humoresque . " ? 398 ? babe " humoresque " ? I will bet you do not even know how it go . longfellow sure. look ! you sing it over again , and I will do " humoresque " with you . babe it have better be good . she start again , and he sing " humoresque " in counterpoint to she drum . CUT to : ext . park - behind some bushes 148 . close shot - bob and frank they wait with they camera . when they hear the sing , they look up , and then at each other in surprise . bob I wonder if they would want to make it a quartet . frank shhh ! 149 . medium shot longfellow and Babe . they be have a grand time with they sing . a policeman saunter into the scene and stand watch they for a few second , without they be conscious of he presence . he smile , shake he head and pass on out of scene . over the shot we hear the low moan of a siren in the distance . 150 . close shot - the two they reach the climax of they song - and laugh joyously . at this moment , the shriek of the siren be nearer and louder . longfellow look up quickly . excite , he jump up and run toward street . Babe look up , surprised . longfellow ( as he run off ) Fire engine ! Fire engine ! I want to see how they do it . wait for I , will you ? 151 . close shot - bob and frank behind bushes Frank grab the camera . frank look like the evening be not go to be waste ! 152 . medium shot they dash by the policeman , who look up , startle . 153 . long shot as the fire engine slow down - and people be beginning to gather . we see longfellow run toward the truck and hopping aboard . 154 . mo . shot at FIRE truck as longfellow jump on . ? 399 ? frank hello - what do you want ? longfellow ( short salute ) Captain deed - fire volunteer - mandrake Falls . fireman ( amused ) hi , cap ! boy , meet the Captain ! 155 . long shot - reverse angle Bob and Frank run with they camera toward longfellow . dissolve to : int . live room of mabel dawson's studio 156 . closeup of typewriter carriage . it contain a paper upon which the follow be type : " cinderella man FIRE - eating demon " " longfellow deed , ' the cinderella man , ' last night throw a ' defy ' into the tooth of the New York Fire Department , that when it come to extinguish conflagration - they have better look to they laurel '' " camera pull back and we find Babe , stare at the sheet of paper in front of she . her eye have a distant look . 157 . full shot several foot away from she mabel Dawson stand in front of a easel , work silently on a painting . she dab at it and turn , pause a moment to watch Babe , who at the moment rest she forehead on the typewriter carriage . mabel ( softly ) what 's the matter , hon ? babe ( quickly ) nothing . Babe be too much absorb to hear this . get no response , mabel turn and study she for a few second . mabel what 's up , Babe ? something 's eat you . babe no . it 's nothing . mabel my unfail instinct tell I something 's go wrong with the stew . babe ( murmure ) do not be ridiculous . ? 400 ? she again resume she type . mabel cross to she and look over she shoulder . mabel you have not get very far , have you ? that 's where you be a hour ago . come on , let 's knock off and go down to Joe 's . the gang 's wait for we . babe ( jump up ) I can not write it , mabel ! I do not know what 's the matter with I . Babe light a cigarette . mabel study she . mabel ( quietly ) uh-huh . I think I can tell you . the phone bell ring . mabel pick it up . 158 . close shot at phone mabel ( into phone ) hello . . . ( listen ) yes , she 's here . who want she ? ( listen ) who ? ( listen ) oh , yes . yes , just a moment . ( she hand over the mouthpiece ) it 's he - whatcha- ma-call -him - the " cinderella man . " the " cinderella man " ! Babe grab the phone . babe hello . int . longfellow's bedroom 159 . close shot - longfellow who lie dress in bed , phone in hand . longfellow ( into phone ) could not sleep . kinda want to talk to you . do you mind ? int . mabel' live room 160 . close shot - babe at phone babe ( sincerely ) no - not at all . I could not sleep either . int . longfellow's bedroom 161 . close shot - longfellow at phone . ? 401 ? longfellow I want to thank you again for go out with I . ( listen ) huh ? well , I do not know what I would do without you . you have make up for all the fake that I have meet . continuation scene 160 babe well , that 's very nice . thank you . continuation scene 161 longfellow you know what I have be do since I get home ? be work on a poem . ( listen ) it 's about you . ( listen ) sometimes it 's kinda hard for I to say thing - so I write them . continuation scene 160 babe ( touch ) I would like to read it some time . she listen for a moment , apparently move by he sweetness . continuation scene 161 longfellow maybe I will have it finish next time I see you . ( listen ) will I see you soon ? ( listen ) gosh , that 's swell , Mary . ( listen ) good night . he hang up , and lie back - enthralled . continuation scene 160 babe good night . int . apt . live room 162 . mo . close shot - at phone babe mabel , that guy 's either the dumbest , the stupidest , the most imbecilic idiot in the world - or he 's the grandest thing alive . I can not make he out . 163 . mo . close shot - the two mabel ( knowingly ) uh-huh . ? 402 ? babe I be crucify he . mabel people have be crucify before . babe why ? why do we have to do it ? mabel you start out to be a successful newspaper woman , do not you ? babe yeah , then what ? mabel ( shrugging ) search I . ask the gypsy . babe here 's a guy that 's wholesome and fresh . to we he look like a freak . you know what he tell I tonight ? he say when he get marry he want to carry he bride over the threshold in he arm . mabel the guy 's balmy . babe be he ? yeah , I think so , too . I try to laugh , but I could not . it stick in my throat . mabel aw , cut it out , will you ? you will get I think about Charlie again . babe he 's get goodness , mabel . do you know what that be ? mabel huh ? babe no - of course you do not . we have forget . we be too busy be smart -aleck . ( sit at she typewriter ) too busy in a crazy competition for nothing . fade out : fade in series of insert : " cinderella man Fire - eat demon— punch photographer . " dissolve to : " cinderella man to Reform opera— ? 403 ? must be put on pay basis - or else - say post - card poet . " dissolve to : " Madame pomponi , famous Opera Singer , to Launch deed on Social career " dissolve to : int . longfellow's bedroom 164 . medium shot longfellow be in bed in he pajamas , play the tuba . walter enter . walter I beg pardon , sir . I beg pardon , sir . longfellow stop , look dagger at he . walter Madame pomponi be on the telephone , sir . longfellow who ? walter Madame pomponi . she say everything be all set for the reception . longfellow what do you mean by come in here when I be play ? walter but she 's on the telephone longfellow get out . ( point ) the evil finger 's on you . get out ! walter hurry out . longfellow jump up and chase he down the grand staircase . longfellow stop at the top of the stair , strike by a idea . int . grand staircase 165 . wide angle show walter at the bottom of the stair and longfellow at the top . longfellow stop ! walter halt . longfellow give a shout from the top of the stair . there be a discernible echo . longfellow hey , do you hear that ? walter what , sir ? ? 404 ? longfellow give another shout . there be another echo . he try it again - louder . another echo . it be all very satisfactory . walter ( pleased ) why , that 's a echo , sir ! longfellow you try it . walter ( timidly ) I , sir ? longfellow ( a order ) yeah . walter give a bird- like hoot . there be a echo . longfellow ( firmly ) louder . walter give a louder hoot . and louder . each time , a echo . a butler in a bathrobe emerge to see what all the hullabaloo be about . longfellow spot he . longfellow ( to butler ) you try it . butler I , sir ? but the butler clearly relish the opportunity . he give a little high - pitch squeak . longfellow louder ! the butler try it again - much better . another man-servant have emerge . longfellow point to he . longfellow you try it ! the man-servant try it - very raspy , another tone altogether . longfellow ( wave like a conductor ) all together ! a symphony of hoot , shriek , bark and echoe . longfellow again ! the household staff do it again . ? 405 ? longfellow ( surveying the scene - then , dramatically ) let that be a lesson to you . with that , longfellow spin on he heel and return to he bedroom . there be a pause . the butler take command of the other two . butler ( gesture imperiously ) go back to you room , both of you ! walter and the man-servant hasten to exit . the butler wait until nobody be look , then give one , final hoot . he murmur to himself with satisfaction as he exit . dissolve to : ext . longfellow's home - night 166 . long shot limousine arrive - from which guest emerge - in full evening dress . int . drawing room - night 167 . mo . shot at door Madame pomponi greet a group of guest . ad - lib chatter be hear . from inside music emanate . ad - lib chatter oh , hello darling . so good of you to come . sweet of you to ask I . where be he ? I be just die to see the " cinderella man . " camera move swiftly among group of people pick out vignettes of conversation . longfellow be the hot topic . a husband and a wife whisper : a husband shh ! - he may hear you . a wife even if he hear you , he would not understand . a man and a woman gossipe : a man I hear he still believe in Santa Claus . a woman will he be Santa Claus ? that 's what I want to know . another man hold forth to two elegantly - dress woman : another man have you all get you slipper ready for the " cinderella man " ? ? 406 ? women ( ad - lib ) yes , I have . everybody laugh . first woman with $ 20,000,000 , he do not have to have look ! 2 nd woman he will not have it long with that pomponi woman hang around he . two woman in evening dress twitter like bird : first woman ( to other woman ) my dear , I hear he can not think unless he play he tuba ! dissolve to : int . mabel' bedroom 168 . full shot Babe be listlessly pack she few thing in a small handbag . she slowly and meticulously fold a silken undergarment , wrapping it in tissue . her eye have a distant look . mabel watch she , concerned . there be a long pause before either of they speak . mabel ( break the silence ) you be a fool , Babe . babe I just could not stand see he again . mabel running away be no solution . 169 . mo . close shot - the two Babe be unresponsive . mabel ( after a pause ) what will I tell he if he call up ? babe tell he I have to leave suddenly . I get a job in China - some place . mabel you be act like a school girl . babe ( suddenly - tensely ) what else can I do ? keeping this up be no good . he 's bound to find out sometime . ( softly ) at least I can save he that . they be suddenly startle by the boisterous entrance of Bob and Frank , whose voice be hear as they barge in . ? 407 ? 170 . medium shot Babe , not wishing to explain to they , hide she bag - and follow mabel to greet they in the live room . int . live room 171 . mo . full shot the boy cross to a table and drop they camera . bob and frank say , where be everybody ? come on , Babe - the artillery 's ready . mabel enter . Babe stand in doorway . mabel ( by way of greeting ) it 's that two sore spot again . bob you shoulda be down to the office today , Babe . frank yeah . Mac throw cobb out again . bob Boy , be he burn . frank ( reach for a bottle ) just one little drink - and then we be ready to shoot . mabel ( grab it away ) just a minute . no , you do not . babe we be not go out tonight . bob think you have a date with he . 172 . close shot - babe babe it 's off . he 's have a party at he house . 173 . mo . close shot Frank , Bob and mabel . frank say , what 's the matter with she now ! mabel you would not know if I draw you a diagram . now , run along and pedal you little tin-types . bob what be this ? throw we out of here 's get to be a regular habit . there be a knock on the door . they all look up . ? 408 ? 174 . close shot at door as mabel open the door slightly . we see longfellow . mabel 's eye open in surprise . longfellow be Mary Dawson here ? I be longfellow deed . 175 . close shot - bob and frank they stand - stupefy . 176 . close shot - mabel she wave she hand back of she , for they to hide . mabel ( loud - for the boy ) oh ! oh , yes , of course . longfellow deed . come in . step in , please . 177 . close shot - bob and frank they duck behind the sofa , camera panning with they . 178 . full shot longfellow enter . mabel close the door behind he , watch he speculatively . longfellow turn to mabel . longfellow you be mabel - she sister - be not you ? mabel ( flustered ) huh ? oh , yes - yes , of course . her sister . yes , I have be she sister for a long time . longfellow be she home ? mabel yeah . what ? longfellow be Mary home ? they look at each other stupidly - smile feebly . 179 . close shot on table feature the camera . a hand come in from behind the sofa and yank the camera out of sight . 180 . medium shot mabel and longfellow still stand , look at each other . mabel oh , Mary ? yes , of course . well , I do not know whether she 's home or not . I will see . as she turn , Babe appear in doorway . mabel why there she be ! of course she 's home . ( feebly ) stupid of I . . . ? 409 ? babe hello . longfellow hello , Mary . I wait in the park for you over a hour . I think maybe you would forget . 181 . mo . close shot - longfellow and babe mabel in b.g. babe I do not think you could come with the party and everything . longfellow oh , I would not let they stop I from see you . so I throw they out ! babe you throw they out ! 182 . closer shot mabel you mean ( gesture with hand ) —by the neck or something ? longfellow sure . they get on my nerve , so I throw them out . mabel raise she eyebrow . longfellow I guess that will be in the papers tomorrow . it will give them something else to laugh at . 183 . closeup - babe her face cloud - miserably . longfellow's voice ( lightly ) I do not mind though . I have a lot of fun do it . babe ( quickly ) would you like to go for a walk ? 184 . mo . close shot longfellow yes , if it be not too late . babe ( go to bedroom ) I will get my hat . she disappear , leave mabel and longfellow again stare at each other , self - consciously . mabel smile , ill - at-ease . ? 410 ? longfellow Nice day out - er , nice night - be not it ? - be not it ? mabel ( tremulously ) yes , lovely . we have have a lot of nice weather lately . longfellow ( after a pause ) it would be a nice night to go for a walk , do not you think ? mabel oh yes , I think it would be a swell night to go for a walk . a nice long one . 185 . close shot - behind sofa Bob and Frank , hold they breath . 186 . medium shot Babe come out of bedroom . babe ready ? longfellow gosh , she look better every time I see she . babe ( vaguely ) thank you . she cross to the door . longfellow ( to mabel ) goodnight . do not worry . I will not keep she out late . mabel thank you so much . good night . they exit . mabel sigh relievedly . the boy jump from they crouching position . frank ( wobble forward ) ow ! my foot 's asleep ! bob ( grab camera ) come on - let 's go ! Frank grab he camera and both bolt toward the door . mabel get there one step ahead of they , and block they path . mabel no , you do not . just a minute . no more photograph . ? 411 ? dissolve to : ext . front of babe home 187 . close trucking shot as they walk slowly down the front step . longfellow the reason why I want to take a walk , Mary , be ' cause I want to talk to you . babe let 's just walk , okay ? longfellow all right . 188 . close trucking shot as they walk along a foggy street , on they face . longfellow Mary , I be go home . babe be you ? when ? longfellow in a day or so , I think . babe I do not blame you . 189 . close two shot continue on they , as they slowly walk around the block . longfellow a man ought to know where he fit in . I just do not fit in around here . I once have a idea I could do something with the money , but they keep I so busy here , I have not have time to figure it out . I guess I will wait till I get back home . there be a long pause . both lose in they own thought . longfellow do you mind if I talk to you , Mary ? you do not have to pay any attention to I . babe no , I do not mind . longfellow all my life , I have want somebody to talk to . back in mandrake Falls , I always use to talk to a girl . babe a girl ? longfellow oh , a imaginary one . I use to hike a lot through the wood and I would always take this girl ? 412 ? with I so I could talk to she . I would show she my pet tree and thing . sound kind of silly but we have a lot of fun do it . ( smile ) she be beautiful . ( then moodily ) I have not marry ' cause I have be kinda wait . you know , my mother and father be a great couple . I think I might have the same kind of luck . I have always hope that some day that imaginary girl would turn out to be real . they have arrive back at the front step of Babe 's home . longfellow well , here we be again . babe yes , here we be again . ( after a pause ) good night . longfellow ( then , quickly - he voice falter ) Mary - I - excuse mak 190 . close two shot favore Babe . she cut he off , she voice shaking . babe Goodbye , darling . do not let anybody hurt you again - ever . they can not anyway . you be much too real . you go back to mandrake Falls . that 's where you belong - goodbye ! 191 . wider angle she run up the step . longfellow mary— she stop and turn . he walk up close to she . 192 . closer shot - the two longfellow you know the poem I tell you about ? it 's finish . his hand go to he breast pocket - and then slowly be withdraw - without bring out the poem . longfellow would you like to read it ? it 's to you . babe ( scarcely audible ) yes , of course . he now take the poem out . the paper be fold . he hand it to she and she slowly unfold it . just as she be about to read longfellow lay a hand on she arm . ? 413 ? longfellow ( a little frighten ) you do not have to say anything , Mary . you can tell I tomorrow what you think . she look into he eye , but do not respond . then she hold the paper up and begin read . longfellow watch she anxiously . 193 . closeup - babe reading softly : babe " I tramped the earth with hopeless beat - search in vain for a glimpse of you . then heaven thrust you at my very foot , a lovely angel - too lovely to woo . " the last word come with difficulty . Babe 's eye be slowly welling up . 194 . close shot - the two Babe continue read : babe " my dream have be answer , but my life 's just as bleak , I be handcuff and speechless in you presence divine - for my heart long to cry out , if it only would speak , ' I love you , my angel - be mine , be mine . ' " her voice be choke when she finish . she do not look up until she refold the paper . he stand close to she , wait expectantly . finally , she glance up . her cheek be moist , and she face cloud . impulsively , she throw she arm around he neck , kissing he . babe oh , darling ! longfellow 's arm encircle she and for a few moment they remain in a emotional embrace . longfellow ( huskily ) you do not have to say anything now . I will wait till tomorrow - till I hear from you . 195 . closeup - babe her eye be beset with fear . she love he - but know how hopeless it all be . she slowly start freeing herself from he embrace . 196 . mo . close shot - the two as Babe , weep softly , frees herself from he embrace . longfellow give a yelp of joy and leap down the step . he trip over a garbage pail and bump into passersby , make a racket as he zigzag down the street and out of scene . ? 414 ? a voice ( shouting ) hey , what 's the big idea ? fade out : fade in int . newspaper office - day 197 . close shot - mac behind he desk . mac stop it , Babe ! stop it ! what do you mean , you be quit ! you might as well tell I I be quit . as he speak , camera draw back to reveal Babe near a window , peer out moodily . Mac cross over to she side . mac what 's bother you , huh ? babe ( after a pause ) last night he propose to I . mac proposed to you ! you mean he ask you to marry he ? babe yes . mac ( alert ) why , Babe - that 's terrific ! ( see it in print ) " cinderella man woos mystery girl ! who be the mysterious girl that '' " babe print one line of that , and I will blow you place up ! 198 . mo . close shot - the two mac sorry , Babe . sorry . it would have make a swell story . I just get carry away . that 's too bad . so he propose to you , huh ? ( intrigue ) what a twist ! you set out to nail he - and he— babe ( bitterly ) yeah . funny twist , be not it ? mac ( suddenly ) say , you have not go and fall for that mug , have you ? ? 415 ? Babe 's silence be eloquent . mac well , I will be— he place a arm tenderly around she shoulder . mac that 's tough , Babe . Babe smile wryly . mac ( interested ) what be you go to do ? babe ( walk away ) I be go to tell he the truth . mac tell he you be Babe bennett ? tell he you have be make a stooge out of he ? babe I be have lunch with he today . he expect a answer . it 's go to be pretty . mac you be crazy ! you can not do that ! 199 . mo . close shot - the two over they shoulder , from behind , as Mac comfort she . babe he will probably kick I right down the stair . I only hope he do . mac I will put you on another job . you need never see he again , eh ? babe that 's the rub . mac oh , as bad as that , huh ? babe ( far-away ) telling he be the long shot - I be go to take it . he watch she sympathetically . Babe sigh resignedly . babe ( look around ) well , it be fun while it last , Mac . I will clean out my desk . she leave he . Mac be deeply move by she problem . ? 416 ? dissolve to : int . grand staircase 200 . wide shot as longfellow , in a buoyant mood , emerge from he room and slide down the bannister of the grand staircase . int . intimate dine room 201 . medium shot table be set for two . two butler putter around . longfellow enter full of expectant enthusiasm . he be in he shirt sleeve . he hover over they , check they preparation . longfellow how 's it go ? okay ? butler yes , quite all right . thank you , sir . longfellow ( pick up a salt shaker and examine it ) gold , eh ? butler ( as he continue he putter ) yes , sir . longfellow fourteen carat ? butler yes , sir . longfellow be that the best you have get ? butler oh , yes sir . longfellow ( seize on another detail ) that flower be too high . wo not be able to see she . ( lift a bowl of flower off ) get a smaller bowl , will you ? butler ( repeat he command as he hand the bowl to the other butler ) a smaller bowl of flower . 2 nd butler ( exite with flower ) yes , sir . a smaller bowl of flower . longfellow ( to butler ) do you get that stuff I be tell you about ? butler stuff , sir ? ? 417 ? longfellow that goo . that stuff that taste like soap . butler oh , yes , sir . here it be , sir . the pate de fois gras , sir . longfellow yeah , that 's fine . have a lot of it because she like it . butler yes , sir . the other butler return with a small bowl of flower which he place in the center of the table . longfellow now you get the idea . Fine . he sit in one of the chair and lean forward in a imaginary conversation with Babe - he lip move but we hear nothing . longfellow ( motion to butler ) sit over there , will you ? butler I sir ? longfellow yes . the butler sit . longfellow yes . you be too tall . slink lower , will you ? the butler do it . longfellow more . now forward . they be practically nose to nose over the flower . butler ( seriously ) how be this , sir ? longfellow ( rise ) perfect ! perfect ! butler I wish you luck , sir . longfellow thank you . now do not touch a thing . leave everything as it be . he hurry toward he bedroom . ? 418 ? dissolve to : int . bedroom 202 . full shot longfellow enter . longfellow ( yell ) walter ! walter ! walter , where be you ? walter enter , panic-stricken . walter yes , sir . what be it , sir ? anything happen 3 203 . mo . close shot longfellow anything happen ? I have get to get dress ! I can not meet she like this ! walter but she be not due for a hour , sir . longfellow a hour ? what 's a hour ! you know how time fly , walter . my tie ? get it . walter yes , sir . very good , sir . here it be right here , sir . there , sir . while put it on , he sing " humoresque " loudly and gaily . 204 . medium shot at this moment , cobb burst in - he face grim : cobb just as I suspect , wise guy ! I do not mind you make a sap out of yourself - but you make one out of I , too . longfellow ( to walter - merrily ) will you tell the gentleman I be not in ? cobb Mary Dawson , huh ? Mary Dawson , my eye . that dame take you for a sleigh ride that New York will laugh about for year . she 's the slickest , two -time , double -crossing '' at the mention of the name , longfellow turn for the first time . 205 . closeup - longfellow his face go livid , as cobb 's voice continue : longfellow ( between clench tooth ) what be you talk about ? ? 419 ? 206 . medium shot longfellow have start out toward he . in two long stride , longfellow have grab cobb by the shirt - front , ready to strangle he . cobb all right . go ahead . sock away , and then try to laugh this off . with he free hand , he reach into he coat pocket . he unroll a newspaper . longfellow shift he glance over to the photograph in the newspaper cobb hold up , and slowly he grip on cobb relax . he take the newspaper . 207 . closeup - longfellow as he look at the picture . insert : picture of babe bennett under which be the follow : " Louise ( Babe ) bennett - win pulitzer Prize for reportorial job on macklyn love triange . " back to scene longfellow stare long and unbelievingly at the picture . 208 . mo . close shot - cobb and longfellow cobb ( adjust he clothes ) she 's the star reporter on the mail . every time you open you kisser , you give she another story . she 's the dame who slap that monicker on you - " cinderella man . " you have be make love to a double dose of cyanide ! longfellow ( a outcry ) shut up ! longfellow , stunne , cross to the bed - camera panning with he . he slump down and continue stare at picture . 209 . medium shot cobb cross to phone and pick up receiver . CUT to : int . newspaper outer office 210 . mo . close shot Babe be at she desk . she have just finish rummage through she desk . many article be on top . Mac be by she side . Babe flick the page of a small loose - leaf book , and hand it to Mac . babe this be for you , Mac . the name of all the headwaiter in town . you can always buy a bit of choice scandal from they at reasonable price . mac aw , listen Babe , I can not let you quit now . you be not go through with this thing , be you ? ? 420 ? Babe shake she head with finality , as the phone bell ring . mac ( pick up receiver ) I have see them get in a rut like you before - but they always come back . ( into phone ) hello . . . yes . just a minute . he hold the receiver out to she . mac it 's for you . in a couple week you will get the itch so bad , you will be work for nothing . babe ( into phone ) hello . . . int . longfellow's bedroom 211 . medium shot cobb be at the phone . cobb Babe bennett ? just a minute . he listen and hand phone to longfellow . longfellow ( into phone ) hello , Mary ? int . newspaper outer office 212 . close shot - babe babe ( at phone ) oh , hello darling . her face go dead as she realize she be speak to longfellow . int . longfellow's bedroom 213 . close shot - longfellow longfellow ( at phone ; strain ) be it you who 's be write that article about I ? int . newspaper outer office 214 . close shot - babe at phone . babe why - uh - I be just leave - I will be up there in a minute ( listen ) look - uh , yes , I do - but I be just come up to explain the word die in she throat . she look dully at the receiver . ? 421 ? int . longfellow's bedroom 215 . closeup - longfellow babe voice ( come over phone ) oh listen , darling , wait a minute ! please ! listen— he hang up . his face be a dead mask , every illusion shattered . slowly , a wry smile appear on he face and , rise , he wander around the room in deep abstraction . cobb and walter watch he sympathetically . longfellow be silent a long time . 216 . medium shot as a butler enter . butler I beg pardon , sir . shall I serve the wine with the squab , sir ? longfellow do not hear he . butler ( try again ) I beg pardon , sir . 217 . closeup - cobb his face soften . cobb if I know you be go to take it so hard , I woulda keep my mouth shut . sorry . 218 . medium shot as finally longfellow speak , without turn . longfellow ( quietly ) pack my thing , walter . I be go home . walter yes , sir . he immediately busy himself . dissolve to : int . corridor 219 . wide shot longfellow emerge from he bedroom , walk briskly toward the staircase , immediately follow by cobb and walter . walter be load down with suitcase . longfellow be wear coat and hat . cobb ( try to keep up with longfellow ) you should not be run away like this . what 's go to happen to the estate ? longfellow they can have the estate . ? 422 ? as they approach the staircase , a commotion be hear from stair . cobb hurry ahead to see what be go on . int . grand foyer 220 . medium shot two butler be struggle with a wild - eye man of middle age . they shout in unison . butler ( simultaneously ) farmer you can not come up here ! let I go ! I wanna see he ! he 's not home , I tell you ! I wanna see that guy ! we will send for the police ! let I go ! they continue to struggle as cobb reach they . cobb what 's go on here ? the man yank himself free . farmer there he be ! I just want to get a look at he . he see longfellow over cobb 's shoulder . farmer there you be ! I just want to see what kind of a man you be ! he struggle to thrust cobb aside . 221 . full shot favore longfellow , who have reach the bottom of the staircase and watch the man warily . farmer ( wildly ) I just want to see what a man look like that can spend thousand of dollar on a party - while people around he be hungry ! the " cinderella man , " huh ? do you ever stop to think how many family could have be feed on the money you pay out to get on the front page ? cobb forcibly restrain the man . cobb come on ! take he out of here ! farmer let I go ! longfellow ( a order ) let he alone . farmer let I alone ! ( threateningly ) if you know what 's good for you - you will let I get this off my chest ! ? 423 ? ( to longfellow ) how do you feel feed doughnut to a horse ? get a kick out of it , huh ? get a big laugh ? ( sarcastically ) do you ever think of feed doughnut to human being ! no ! longfellow stare at he . walter ( quietly ) shall I call the police , sir ? longfellow no ! ( to man ) what do you want !! farmer yeah - that 's all that 's worry you . what do I want ? a chance to feed a wife and kid ! I be a farmer . a job ! that 's what I want ! longfellow a farmer , eh ! you be a moocher , that 's what you be ! I would not believe you or anybody else on a stack of bible ! you be a moocher like all the rest of they around here , so get out of here ! farmer sure - everybody 's a moocher to you . a mongrel dog eat out of a garbage pail be a moocher to you ! cobb ( start to push he towards the door ) this will not do you any good— the man shove he away , suddenly whip out a gun and level it at he . farmer stay where you be , young feller . get over there . cobb back away and the man point the gun at longfellow , who remain stare at he , immobilely . farmer ( tensely ) you be about to get some more publicity , Mr. deed ! you be about to get on the front page again ! see how you be go to like it this time ! ( voice rise ) see what good you money 's go to do when you be six foot under ground . you never think of that , do you ? no ! all you ever think of be pinching penny - you money - grab hick ! you never give a think to all of that starve people '' ? 424 ? ( he voice waver ) ustand in the bread lines— ( huskily ) —not know where they next meal be come from ! not able to feed they wife and kid . ( voice break ) not able to— he can not go on . a sob escape . he reach up and brushes away a tear with a rough hand . it seem to bring he to he sense . he glance down and see the gun in he hand - stare at it in surprise . he realize what he be about to do . farmer ( scarcely audible ) oh ! 222 . mo . shot - the group the man slump into a chair and the gun drop to the floor . cobb bend quickly and pick it up . longfellow never move . farmer ( dead voice - stare into space ) I be glad I do not hurt nobody . Excuse I . he turn he head slowly and peer at they with non-see eye , then suddenly he hide he face in he hand and sob . farmer ( muffle ) crazy . you get all kind of crazy idea . longfellow watch he pityingly . farmer sorry . I do not know what I be do . the rest of it seem to come out of he effortfully - he voice break . farmer lose you farm after twenty year ' work - see you kid go hungry - a game little wife say " everything 's go to be all right . " ( stridently ) stand there in the bread line . it kill I to take a handout . ( pathetically ) I be not use to it . ( resign ) go ahead and do what you want with I , mister . ( scarcely audible ) I guess I be at the end of my rope . he sob openly . while he be speak , longfellow be peer into the man 's face intently . as the man finish dissolve to : ext . intimate dine room 223 . close shot at the table that be all set for Babe . the man sit , eat . he seriously bend over he food . longfellow sit opposite he - he eye glue on the man , absorb in profound think . ? 425 ? man ( tentatively ) can I take some of this home with I ? longfellow nod . dissolve to : insert : newspaper headline " longfellow deed to give fortune away huge farming district to be divide into ten acre farm - fully equip - at a cost of eighteen million dollar . " wipe off to : insert : second newspaper headline " deed ' plan startle financial world " wipe off to : insert : third newspaper headline " staff of worker investigate applicant " wipe off to : insert : FOURTH newspaper headline " thousand of unemployed STORM deed home for farm donation " wipe off to : ext . longfellow deed ' home 224 . long shot a mob of shouting man and woman clamor at the gate , be jostle around by the police . int . longfellow's drawing room 225 . full shot it have be transformed into a office . longfellow sit at one end of the room . clerk be at several desk . on one side and lead out into the hall , be a long line of man wait to be interview . voice go on . step lively . 226 . mo . shot at longfellow 's desk . he have a two day ' growth of beard and look wear . next to he be a clerk . in front of he be a applicant . longfellow ( as the camera move in on he ) be you marry ? applicant yes , sir . longfellow any child ? ? 426 ? applicant no , no child . longfellow all right , Mr. dodsworth . I think you will qualify . ( he hand he a form ) take this to that desk over there for further instruction . applicant ( gratefully - exite ) thank you very much . longfellow next , please . a man step forward and stand in front of he desk . 227 . mo . close shot at desk longfellow , clerk and applicant . longfellow ( to clerk ) how many do that make ? clerk you have okay 819 . longfellow ( wearily ) be that all ? clerk that 's all . longfellow it 's go awfully slow . we need 1100 more . ( phone ring ) hello . . . oh , yes . yes . the water development seem okay - but I do not like the road layout yet . come up tonight about ten and bring the map . right . he hang up . 228 . wider angle as the farmer in previous sequence approach . farmer here 's the order for the plow . we get a good price on they . longfellow that 's fine . thanks . I will look them over later . farmer oh , Mr. deeds— longfellow look up . Farmer go on : ? 427 ? farmer —my wife want I to tell you she— ( hesitates ) —she pray for you every night . longfellow ( embarrassed ) well , thanks , I - uh— ( to applicant in front of he ) how do you do ? what be you name ? rankin George rankin , sir . while longfellow writes— 229 . close shot at a desk cobb be on the phone . cobb ( into phone ) no ! no ! we be not buy any bull . what 's that ? listen , fellow , bull 's what I have be sell all my life ! he slam down the receiver . int . cedar' office 230 . medium shot Cedar behind he desk . in front of he be Henry semple and he nag wife . Cedar shove a paper in front of semple . cedar we have very little time . he 's order I to turn everything over to he immediately . we have to work fast before he dispose of every penny . wife see ! I tell you something could be do . I know it all the time . sign it , dear . semple ( hesitate ) we may get into trouble . wife oh , do not be so squeamish . cedar there be million involved . after all , you have you legal rights . you be he only live relative . 231 . close shot at desk as semple pick up the paper . semple what 's it say ? wife that 's you agreement with Mr. Cedar , if we win . ? 428 ? cedar you see , my end be go to be rather expensive . I have a lot of important people to take care of . I have the legal machinery all set and ready to go . I have be work on nothing else for the last week . you say the word , and we will stop this yokel dead in he track . wife sign it ! semple oh , all right . with the perturb expression still on he face , semple reach over to sign the document . simultaneously , Cedar flick a button on he dictagraph . cedar ( into dictagraph ) Charlie , we be off ! paper all set ? voice all set . cedar okay , then . go to it . ( afterthought ) and , charlie— voice yeah ? cedar find out who write that newspaper article and subpoena they right away . voice okay . dissolve to : int . longfellow's drawing room 232 . medium shot a large , raw - bone swede stand before longfellow . longfellow what be you name ? svenson Christian svenson . longfellow Farmer ? svenson yes , mar 'am . longfellow where be you farm ? svenson South dakota north . ? 429 ? longfellow South dakota - north ? svenson South dakota - but on the top . longfellow oh. oh ! 233 . wider angle cobb enter , very businesslike . cobb what about you knock off for lunch ? longfellow not hungry . I want to get through this work in a hurry , and then I want to go home . what price do you get on that truck ? cobb come on , come on . what be you try to do , kid ? keel over ? you have not be out of this house in two week . longfellow ( tired ) well , maybe I will have a sandwich . ( to swede ) do you mind wait a few minute ? svenson ( undoing paper package ) oh , sure , sure . if you like to have a sandwich , I can give you one , please . he bring out two huge sandwich , and hand one to longfellow . longfellow ( smile ) thanks . thank you . never mind , cobb . he take it , and he and the swede silently eat . longfellow look up . longfellow good . the swede smile . longfellow nibble he sandwich , then glance around the room . his gaze rest on : 234 . long shot of the long line of applicant wait for a audience . 235 . medium shot longfellow ( call to cobb ) cobb ! get lunch for the rest of they . ? 430 ? cobb ( enter ) what ? there must be 2000 of they out there . longfellow well , that do not make them any less hungry . cobb okay , Santa claus. 2000 lunch . he exit . longfellow glance over at the line , smile . 236 . full shot in front of the line there be a slight scuffle , as a man be be push forward by some other . he mumble a protest , try to get back into position , but the man push he forward again . group ( ad - lib ) go on , say something . say something ! 237 . closeup - longfellow he look up inquiringly . 238 . mo . close shot - men in line the man finally be resign , and stand shifting , ill - at -ease , he head hang bashfully . man Mr. deed , the boy here want I to say a little something . they just want I to say that '' ( clear he throat ) well , they want I to say that '' ( quickly get it out ) we think you be swell - and that 's no baloney . man' voice say something more ! 239 . close shot - longfellow he smile self - consciously . 240 . mo . close shot of men the spokesman apparently have not finish yet . directly behind the line , three officious - look man have make they appearance and wait for he to conclude . man give I a chance , fella . we be all down and out - but when a fellow like you come along , kinda give we a little hope - and they just want I to say '' it 's as far as he get - as the three stranger break they way through the line and approach longfellow 's desk . one of the sheriff ( ad - lib ) break it up . 241 . mo . shot at desk first deputy sheriff ( point to longfellow ) that 's he . ? 431 ? 2 nd deputy sheriff be you longfellow deed ? longfellow ( look up ) yes ? first deputy sheriff sheriff 's office . ( show paper ) we have get a warrant to take you into custody . longfellow ( without move ) a what ? first deputy sheriff a warrant for you arrest . you will have to come along with we . cobb enter . cobb what 's up ? what do you mug want ? first deputy sheriff I do not know nothing , buddy . all I know be the sheriff give I a insanity warrant to execute . cobb insanity ! who 's say he 's insane ? they all turn to Charlie , who come forward . charlie the complainant be a relative of the late Martin semple . the charge be that Mr. deed be insane and incapable of handle the estate . cobb oh , somebody get panic-stricken about he give he dough away , eh ? ( to sheriff ) where do you think you be go to take he ? first deputy sheriff to the County Hospital . charlie of course , that 's only temporary . a hearing will follow immediately . 242 . closeup - longfellow as he speak quietly . longfellow that 's fine . just because I want to give this money to people who need it , they think I be crazy . ( cynically ) that 's marvelous . that make everything complete . ? 432 ? 243 . wider angle to include group . first deputy sheriff let 's get go ! cobb wait a minute ! not so fast . we be go to get a lawyer . I will call Cedar . longfellow ( thoroughly disillusion ) no , do not bother . charlie as a matter of fact , I be from Mr. Cedar 's office . he represent the complainant . cobb oh. longfellow glance up at he and smile bitterly . first deputy sheriff well , let 's go . we be waste a lot of time . he go to one side of longfellow , and he partner to the other . they take longfellow by the arm . he glance down casually and , suddenly , violently push the deputy away from he . they be throw backward ; they eye widen in surprise . longfellow ( calmly rise ) all right , I will go . but get you hand off I ! 244 . medium shot longfellow start to walk forward , accompany by cobb - and the two deputy and Charlie fall in behind they . the sheriff ( ad - lib ) make way ! make way ! 245 . close shot of clerk to be intercut with above scene . they stare , petrify , and mumble to each other . 246 . medium shot of the farmer and other applicant . the line have fall out and they stand in a bunch , stare pathetically and hopelessly at the depart group . 247 . closeup of the farmer who stand in f.g. of bunch . what be take place have slowly penetrate he befuddle brain . the disappointment he fear be here . his body imperceptibly sag , he eye dim - all hope have go out of they . fade out : fade in insert : sign read : " county hospital " ? 433 ? dissolve thru to : int . corridor of hospital 248 . medium shot a guard sit at a desk near a door , talk on the telephone . guard ( on phone ) yes , most everybody in town have be here to see he . yes , sir . I will not . goodbye— Babe round the corner quickly , head for the door . the guard hurriedly hang up and stand to block she . guard sorry , lady '' ( recognize she ) oh , it 's you again . babe oh , please ! I have get to see he . guard now listen , sister , for the fourteenth and last time he do not want to see nobody . babe ( plead ) will you just give he my name ? guard ( confidentially ) listen , toot , just between we , there be not a thing in the world the matter with that guy till I mention you name , then he go haywire ! Babe wince under the blow . int . hospital room 249 . medium shot longfellow be seat by the far wall , peer moodily out the window . cobb pace about . suddenly , he wheel on longfellow . cobb what be you go to do - just sit back and let they railroad you ? it 's as pretty a frameup as ever hit this rotten town ! if you would just let I get you a lawyer ! longfellow pay no attention to he . 250 . mo . close shot as cobb continue . cobb ( raise he voice ) you can not walk into that courtroom without be ready to protect yourself in the clinch . Cedar 's too smart . with the array of talent he 's get line up against you - you be cook ! ? 434 ? longfellow be still unresponsive . cobb think a moment , watch he studiously ; then plead tenderly : cobb listen , pal - I know just how you feel . a blonde in syracuse put I through the same pace . I come out with a sour puss - but full of fight . come on , you do not want to lay down now . longfellow be still unresponsive . cobb do you realize what 's happen ? they be try to prove that you be nut ! if they win the case , they will shove you in the bughouse . the moment they accuse you of it , they have you half lick . you have get to fight ! longfellow disregard he and cobb sigh , resignedly . int . corridor outside door 251 . mo . close shot the guard be read he paper . Babe be still wait , pace . guard go on , sit down , will not you ? 252 . mo . close shot at door as cobb come out . the guard get up to check the door be lock . guard so long , Mr. cobb. cobb , in a troubled frame of mind , do not respond and start down corridor - camera truck with he . Babe catch up with he . babe corny ! cobb do not stop . Babe grab he arm : babe corny ! cobb stop . 253 . close two shot cobb glare at Babe belligerently . babe I have get to see he ! I have get to talk to he ! cobb have not you do enough damage already ? babe ( ignore he attack ) somebody 's get to help he ! he have not get a chance against Cedar . look , I have be all over town talk to everybody . I have get Mac all line up - and the paper 's behind he . and I can get he Livingston , too . with a lawyer like Livingston , he 's get a fight chance . ? 435 ? cobb ( coldly ) you be waste you time . he do not want any lawyer . he 's sink so low , he do not want help from anybody . ( bitterly ) you can take a bow for that . ( huskily ) as swell a guy as ever hit this town , and you crucify he ! for a couple of stinking headline ! you have do you bit - now stay out of he way ! he exit abruptly , leave Babe stare despairingly at he disappear back , he brutal diatribe ringing harshly in she ear . fade out : fade in insert : newspaper headline " deed sanity hearing today ! semple heir charge with incompetency ! ' should be confine to a institution , ' declare Cedar . " longfellow deed refuse counsel ; remains incommunicado . " " farmer arouse at effort to balk they benefactor . " " Police surround courthouse in anticipation of outbreak . " dissolve to : ext . courthouse 254 . long shot of a unruly mob - be jostle by the police . int . corridor of courthouse 255 . long shot the corridor be jamme with curious public endeavor to gain entrance . perspire police fight to keep they back . int . courtroom 256 . full shot it be practically full . the few empty seat be be quickly fill . people stumble over each other to find a seat . the judge be not yet at he bench . there be a general chatter of excitement and anticipation . 257 . mo . shot - front of courtroom among the spectator Babe sit beside Mac . she stare , expression - less . Mac glance at she sympathetically . 258 . mo . shot feature the farmer who break into longfellow 's house . near he be the swede we see - and other . ? 436 ? 259 . shot inside railing Cedar and he assistant arrange they papers . two dignify gentleman , psychiatrist , await action , arm fold . near they be Henry semple , the complainant , he nose twitching nervously . by he side be he wife , sparkling expectantly . 260 . shot at long table at which sit a dozen newspaper reporter . 261 . mo . close shot from a side door longfellow enter , accompany by he guard . immediately the place be astir . as he advance to a chair in front of a table— 262 . mo . full shot - courtroom neck crane for a glimpse . whisper conversation take place . 263 . close shot - henry semple he look guilty , nose twitching more violently than ever . semple ( to Cedar ) here he be ! 264 . close shot - babe and mac Babe sit up , she eye rivete on longfellow . impulsively she start to rise , but Mac put a restrain hand on she . 265 . mo . close shot longfellow turn neither to leave nor right . he be slump low in he chair , stare solemnly into space . cobb break into scene and sit down beside he . cobb ( full of excitement ) Cedar just send for I . want to make a settlement . here 's you chance to get out of the whole mess . what do you say ? he get no response from longfellow . there be a stir in the courtroom . 266 . mo . long shot the bailiff call out as the judge proceed to he bench . bailiff quiet , please ! the Supreme Court of the State of New York , County of New York , be now in session , the honorable John May , judge , preside . be seat . 267 . mo . close shot to include judge and longfellow . judge the court wish to warn that present that it will tolerate no disturbance . ( to longfellow ) regard the sanity hearing of longfellow deed , be you represent by counsel , Mr. deed ? ? 437 ? almost imperceptibly , longfellow shake he head no . the judge look troubled . there be a stir in the courtroom . judge I understand that you have no counsel , Mr. deed . in fact , that you have no intention of defend any of this charge . now , if you wish to change you mind , the hearing can be postpone . get no response from longfellow , the judge shrug he shoulder . judge proceed . dissolve to : int . courtroom 268 . medium shot Cedar be on he foot . cedar ( address the court ) —and in the interest of my client , the only other live relative of the late Martin W. semple , we cannot permit a fortune so huge to be dissipate by a person whose incompetency and abnormality we shall prove beyond any reasonable doubt . 269 . panning shot of spectator cedar' voice I have before I a series of article write by a newspaper woman who be a eye-witness to he conduct ever since he come to New York . camera stop on Babe and Mac . Cedar 's voice go on : cedar she tell how , in the midst of a normal conversation , he would suddenly begin play he tuba . she tell of he attack upon several of we eminent writer - for no apparent reason . in fact , there be many instance not record in this article in which Mr. deed satisfied a unnatural desire to smash people up without provocation . 270 . mo . shot - front of courtroom cedar I , myself , unable to keep pace with he mental quirk , and constantly fearful of assault , turn down a opportunity to represent he as he attorney . this newspaper woman , whom we have subpoena to testify , tell how he tie up traffic for a hour feed doughnut to a poor horse . and by he own statement , wait for that horse to ask for a cup of coffee . ? 438 ? there be laughter in the courtroom - which quickly subside when the judge pound he gavel . cedar we have photograph to substantiate this little episode , and other photograph show Mr. deed jump upon a fire engine . this scarcely sound like the action of a man in whom the disposition of twenty million dollar may safely be entrust . this writer of this article - a woman whose intelligence and integrity in the newspaper world be unquestion - hold he in such contempt that she quite aptly name he " the cinderella man . " 271 . closeup - longfellow cedar' voice we have witness here from mandrake Falls , he own home town , who will tell of he conduct throughout he lifetime , prove that he derangement be neither recent nor a temporary one . longfellow 's interest be only slightly arouse . he lift he eye in a casual glance around he . 272 . mo . close shot feature Cedar . cedar we have other who will tell of he unusual behavior when he invite the great leader of the musical world to he home , and then proceed to forcibly eject they . only recently when he be in the County Hospital for observation , he not only refuse to be examine by this gentleman , the state psychiatrist , but he actually make a violent attack upon they . 273 . close shot - the judge as Cedar continue talk , camera pull back to wider shot . cedar in this time , with the country incapacitate by economic ailment , and endangered with a undercurrent of social unrest , the promulgation of such a weird , fantastic and impractical plan as contemplate by the defendant , be capable of foment a disturbance from which the country may not soon recover . it be we duty to stop it ! we government be fully aware of its difficulty and can pull itself out of its economic rut without the assistance of Mr. deed , or any other crackpot . 274 . mo . panning shot of farmer , the swede and other . cedar' voice his attempt action must therefore be attribute to a disease mind afflict with hallucination of grandeur , and obsessed with a insane desire to become a public benefactor . ? 439 ? 275 . close shot at front of courtroom feature Cedar . cedar ( suddenly ) you honor , at this time , we would like to call we first witness : miss Louise - Babe - bennett . 276 . full shot there be a mild stir , and all wait expectantly for Babe to appear . clerk miss bennett , please . Babe , eye on longfellow , slowly walk to the stand . 277 . closeup - longfellow he have he face avert and do not look at she . 278 . medium shot Babe continue to rivet she eye on longfellow , as she be swear in . clerk raise you right hand , please . she do so . clerk do you solemnly swear the testimony you may give before this court to be the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? babe I do . clerk State you right name , please . babe Louise bennett . clerk take the stand . 279 . mo . close shot at witness stand as Cedar step up to question Babe . judge in f.g. cedar miss bennett , be you employ by the Morning mail ? there be no answer . Babe continue to stare off at longfellow , hope he will look up . Cedar speak to she again : cedar I must ask you to direct you attention to I . but Babe 's attention remain focus on longfellow . babe ( appeal to judge ) you honor , this be ridiculous ! ? 440 ? judge please answer the question . babe ( wildly ) the whole hearing 's ridiculous ! that man 's no more insane than you be . the suddenness of she outbreak be startling . the judge pound he gavel . 280 . wider angle - front of courtroom the judge pound he gavel . judge miss bennett please ! cedar this be outrageous ! babe ( rise to stand ) it 's obviously a frameup ! they be try to railroad this man for the money they can get out of he ! cedar you honor ! the judge pound he gavel throughout she speech . judge ( highly ) Young lady , another outburst like that and I shall hold you in contempt ! we be not interested in you opinion of the merit of this case . you be here to testify . sit down and answer the question . proceed . Cedar beam victoriously . cedar thank you , you honor . be you employ by the Morning mail ? babe ( sharply ) no ! Cedar 's eye widen in surprise . there be a light stir . cedar ( threateningly ) you be under oath , miss bennett . I ask you again - be you employ by the Morning mail ? babe ( irritably ) no ! I resign last week ! 281 . close shot - longfellow as Cedar proceed without interruption . ? 441 ? cedar' voice well , prior to that time - be you employ by the Morning mail ? babe voice ( laconically ) yes . 282 . close shot at witness stand - babe and cedar cedar be you give a assignment to follow the activity of longfellow deed ? babe yes . cedar do you subsequently write a series of article about he ? babe yes ! cedar ( hold they up ) be this the article ? babe yes ! cedar be you present when all this thing take place ? babe yes ! cedar be they true ! babe no !! cedar but they do take place ? babe they be color ! just to make he look silly ! cedar and you see they happen ? babe yes , but i— cedar ( preemptorily ) that 's all , miss bennett . babe ( half shriek ) it be not all ! I would like to explain ? 442 ? cedar ( brusquely ) that 's all , miss bennett . that 's all . 283 . medium shot a bailiff take Babe by the arm . bailiff come on , miss - come on ! cedar ( simultaneously , to judge ) you honor , I would like to submit this article as evidence . Babe struggle away from the bailiff . babe ( frantically ) let go of I ! ( step up to judge ; wildly ) what kind of hearing be this ? what be you try to do - persecute the man ? he 's not defend himself . somebody 's get to do it ! throughout she tirade , the judge have be angrily pound he gavel . judge miss bennett , please ! 284 . closer shot feature Babe and judge . babe I have get a right to be hear ! I have attend dozen of case like this . they be usually conduct without any formality at all . anybody can be hear ! my opinion be as good as this quack psychiatrist . I know he better than they do . judge miss bennett , if you have quite finish , I should like to inform you that one more utterance from you and I shall place you under arrest . ( lean back ) I be willing to hear anything anyone have to say - but I insist on it be do in a orderly fashion . when you have learn to show some respect for this court , you may return . ( dismiss she ) until then , you would better go back to you seat and calm down . bailiff this way , miss . 285 . wider angle as Babe be lead away , there be another courtroom stir . bailiff voice order in the court ! ? 443 ? when Babe be out of sight , the judge turn to longfellow . judge Mr. deed , have you anything to say in defense of this article ? 286 . close shot - longfellow and cobb longfellow shake he head . cobb glance to he helplessly . 287 . close shot - judge he shrug . judge Mr. deed ? ( again no reply ) Mark this exhibit a for the plaintiff . clerk yes , you honor . judge proceed . 288 . close shot - babe as she sit down beside Mac - who place a affectionate arm around she shoulder . dissolve to : 289 . mo . shot - front of courtroom two old lady be be lead to the witness stand . they eyelid flutter excitedly as they go . 290 . close shot - longfellow he look up , see the old lady and smile at they friendily . 291 . mo . close shot at judge's bench against the drine of the clerk , who swear witness in : cedar the falkner sister be rather timid , you honor , and wish to be together . if the court please , I will only have one of they testify . judge ( impatiently ) yes ! yes ! let 's get on with it . Cedar turn to they . 292 . mo . close shot at witness stand as Cedar address one of the old lady . cedar what be you name , please ? jane Jane falkner . this be my sister , Amy . amy ( agree ) yes - Amy . ? 444 ? cedar I will direct my question to you , miss Jane . you can answer for both . do you know the defendant , Mr. longfellow deed ? the two old lady look at each other , then in the direction in which Cedar point . jane oh yes , yes - of course we know he . cedar ( a little nervously ) how long have you know he ? Jane turn to she sister , and they whisper to each other . jane ( turn to Cedar ) since he be bear . amy yes. elsie taggart be the midwife . jane he be a seven-months baby . cedar thank you , that 's fine . do you see he very often ? the two old lady have they whisper conference again . jane most every day . amy sometimes twice . judge ( irascibly ) must we have the echo ? cedar suppose you just answer , miss Jane . now , will you tell the Court what everybody at home think of longfellow deed ? the two old lady consult each other once more . jane they think he 's pixilate . amy oh yes , pixilate . judge ( lean forward ) he 's what ? cedar ( concerned ) what be that you say he be ? ? 445 ? jane pixilate . amy uh-huh . cedar ( patiently ) now , that 's a rather strange word to use , miss Jane . can you tell the court exactly what it mean ? while the two lady go into a huddle : 293 . close shot - psychiatrist as one of they speak up . psychiatrist perhaps I can explain , you honor . the word pixilate be a early american expression - derive from the word ' pixie , ' meaning elve . they would say , ' the pixie have get he , ' as we nowadays would say a man be ' balmy . ' 294 . medium shot the judge nod he understanding . the falkner sister nod in pleasant agreement . Cedar sigh victoriously . cedar be that correct ? jane uh-huh . amy uh-huh . judge now tell I , why do everyone think he 's - uh - pixilate ? do he do peculiar thing ? 295 . mo . shot toward witness stand jane ( after confer with Amy ) he walk in the rain , without he hat , and talk to himself . amy sometimes he whistle . jane and sing . cedar anything else ? jane recently he give Chuck dillon a thumping . amy black he eye . ? 446 ? cedar and why ? jane for no reason , I guess . he always do it . we always run into the house when we see he come . amy never can tell what he 's go to do . jane he sure be pixilate . amy oh , yes - he 's pixilate all right . cedar thank you , lady . that 's all . Cedar beam . the old lady leave to resume they seat . dissolve to : 296 . close shot in witness stand a policeman in uniform . policeman they keep holler : " back to nature ! back to nature ! " I think they look harmless enough so I take they home . I never think he be crack . wipe off to : 297 . close shot in witness stand the waiter at " tullio 's . " waiter I be a waiter . he keep press I to point out the celebrity , and so help I Hannah I be come out of the kitchen a coupla minute later and there he be moppin ' up the floor with they . I never figure he be a guy look for trouble . wipe off to : 298 . close shot in witness stand mme. pomponi. mme . pomponi ( expostulate ) he throw we out bodily ! but bodily ! wipe off to : 299 . mo . close shot in witness stand of one of the bodyguard on witness stand . bodyguard we be hire as he bodyguard , see ? well , the first crack out of the box , he throw we in a room and lock the door , see ? now , if a thing like that get around in we profession , we would get the bird - see ? so I say to my partner , " let 's quit this guy , he 's nut ! " ? 447 ? wipe off to : 300 . close shot in witness stand a cockney cabman . cabman I be very fond of Clara , sir . she 's a nice ' orse . and when this bloke ' ere start feedin ' 'er doughnut , I yell down to he , " mind what you be doin ' down there ! mind what you be do ' ! " of course I would not mind , sir , but Clara will not eat nothin ' but doughnut , now . wipe off to : 301 . wide shot [ 13 ] of one of the photographer ( Bob ) and enlarge photograph of longfellow 's antic . bailiff voice come to order . cedar you honor , I wish to call you attention to this exhibit . Mr. Davis , do you recognize this reproduction ? bob sure , they be good enlargement . where would you have they make ? cedar do you make the original of they ? bob sure . I take the original . take picture be my business . I photograph a lot of nut . wipe off to : as Cedar speak . cedar and now , you honor , if the court please , I shall call upon Dr. emil von holler , if he will be good enough to give we he opinion . Dr. von holler , as you know , be the eminent austrian psychiatrist - probably the great authority on the subject in the world . at present he be in this country on a lecture tour , and have graciously volunteer he service . Dr. von holler ? while he be still speak , voice of bailiff Dr. von holler ! ? 448 ? dissolve to : 302 . wider angle as the clerk finish swear Dr. von holler in . clerk do you solemnly swear the testimony you be about to give in the cause now pend before this court shall be the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? State you right name , please . von holler ( a slight austrian accent ) emil von holler . clerk take the stand . 303 . mo . close shot at witness stand on von holler and Cedar . cedar now Dr. von holler , will you kindly tell the court what you opinion be on this case ? von holler this be purely a case of manic depression . in case of this kind , patient sometimes go on for year before be detect . he turn to one of the psychiatrist , sit with the judge . von holler you remember , Dr. fosdick , in my last book there be some very fine example . dr . fosdick ( nodd ) uh-huh . von holler especially , the one of the young nobleman , you remember ? dr . fosdick oh , yes . yes , of course Dr. von holler . very interesting . von holler it remind I very much of this one . nicht wahr ? dr . fosdick ja. von holler it take so long to detect they '' ( to judge ) —because they mood change so often and so quickly . now , you honor , may I show you ? May I use the chart ? ? 449 ? judge by all mean . he move to a blackboard . there be chalk mark on it . a straight line run diagonally across the center . other line run zig - zag over and below this center line . von holler ( indicate chart ) below here , they be extremely depressed , melancholy , impossible to live with , and often become violent . ( run a line up ) from this mood the manic depressive might gradually change until they reach this state . ( he reach the center line ) here be lucidity . here they be perfectly normal . as normal as you or i— ( smile ) uassume , of course , that we be normal . ( he start up with chalk ) then , the mood change again until— ( chalk reach top ) —they reach this state , a state of high exaltation . here everything be fine . here the world be beautiful . here they be so elate - how do you express it ? ( quickly , as it come to he ) —they would give you the shirt off they back ! cedar Dr. von holler , how would you say that apply to Mr. deed 's case ? von holler the symptom be obvious . ( point to top line ) when he be here , on top of the wave , he feel nothing but kindliness and warmth toward he fellow - man . he want they around he . so he decide he would give a big reception . but in the meantime , he mood have change . ( chalk go down ) he be now at the bottom of the wave - depressed - melancholy . so , when he guest arrive , he throw they out . they be now he imaginary enemy . 304 . close shot - longfellow as von holler 's voice continue : von holler' voice other instance of high elation be when he play he tuba , when he write he poetry , when he chase fire engine in he desire to help humanity . this be contrast with he present mood , which be so low that even the instinct for self - preservation be lack . 305 . mo . shot front of courtroom von holler still continue : von holler oh , the man be verrukt . you honor , this be decidedly a case of a manic depressive . ? 450 ? cedar thank you , Dr. von holler . Dr. von holler return to he seat . cedar you honor , we rest . 306 . full shot - courtroom there be a shifting of body , and a renew interest , as they wait for the next move . the judge and he own two expert go into a inaudible huddle . 307 . close shot - cobb and longfellow longfellow be slump in he seat , head down . cobb come on , what be you go to do ? let they get away with it ? they get you cook . longfellow do not budge . there be a expectant stir in the courtroom among the spectator and row of reporter . 308 . mo . close shot - the judge and he exhibit judge come out of he huddle and glance at longfellow . judge ( lean forward ) Mr. deed , before the court arrive at a decision , be not there anything you wish to say ? 309 . close shot - longfellow and cobb longfellow shake he head slightly . cobb ( whisper ) come on - do not be a sap ! continuation scene 308 the judge watch he a few moment , hesitatingly , and then turn to he expert . 310 . mo . shot - newspaper reporter a reporter he 's sink . 311 . close shot - cedar and he client , assistant etc . they smirk confidently . 312 . close shot - babe and mac she stare , panic-stricken . 313 . mo . shot of the swede , the farmer , and other . they face show they resentment . 314 . mo . shot front of courtroom judge ( to the two expert ) you both concur ? ? 451 ? expert ( ad - lib ) oh , positively . the judge emerge from he consultation with he expert and address longfellow . judge Mr. deed , in view of the extensive testimony and you continue silence and upon recommendation of the doctor , the Court consider it advisable for you own safety that you be commit to a institution as prescribe by law . you need medical attention , Mr. deed . ( shrug ) perhaps in a little while '' suddenly the air be rent with the shrill voice of Babe . babe no ! no ! no ! wait a minute ! all be startle and look up . Babe run right to the judge . babe you can not do it ! you have get to make he talk . cedar' voice you honor , I object ! she turn directly to longfellow - lean over close to he . 315 . close shot - babe and longfellow babe ( plead softly ) oh , darling , please . I know everything I have do . I know how horrible I have be . no matter what happen , if you never see I again , do this for I . judge's voice miss bennett , please ! babe ( frantically ) you say I could speak ! you say I could have my say if I be rational . I be rational . please , let I take the witness chair . 316 . wider angle babe he must be make to defend himself before you arrive at a decision . judge very well . take the stand . Babe go up to the witness stand and sit down . babe oh , thank you ! ? 452 ? cedar ( shouting ) you honor , what she be say have no bear on the case . I object . judge let she speak . babe I know why he will not defend himself ! that have a bear on the case , have not it ? he 's be hurt ! he 's be hurt by everybody 's he meet since he come here , principally by I . he 's be the victim of every connive crook in town . the newspaper pounce on he - make he a target for they feeble humor . 317 . close shot - babe babe I be smarter than the rest of they ! I get closer to he so I could laugh louder . why should not he keep quiet ? every time he say anything it be twisted around to sound imbecilic . 318 . closeup - babe as she continue . babe he can thank I for it ! I hand the gang a grand laugh . this be a fitting climax to my sense of humor . 319 . wider angle as Cedar protest . cedar but you honor - this be preposterous ! the judge wave he down with a dismiss gesture of he hand . babe certainly I write that article . I be go to get a raise - and a month 's vacation ! but I stop write they when I find out what he be all about ! when I realize how real he be . 320 . close shot - longfellow as Babe 's voice continue : babe voice he could never fit in with we distort viewpoint because he 's honest and sincere - and good . if that man be crazy , you honor , the rest of we belong in straight - jacket . 321 . mo . shot Cedar jump up . cedar you honor , this be absurd . the woman 's obviously in love with he . ? 453 ? babe what 's that get to do with it ? cedar ( shouting ) well , you be in love with he , be not you ? babe ( shouting back ) what 's that get to do with it ? cedar ( louder ) you be , be not you ? babe ( just as loud ) yes !!! 322 . closeup - longfellow to be intercut during she speech . at first he merely glance up at she speculatively . finally , he begin to show some interest . 323 . mo . shot front of courtroom Cedar turn to the judge . cedar you honor , she testimony be of no value . why should not she defend he ? it 's a tribute to american womanhood - the instinct to protect the weak . I be not say that nobody like the boy . I cherish a fond affection for he myself . but that do not mean to say '' in the middle of he speech , Mac - the editor - appear at he elbow . mac when the windbag here get through , you honor , I would like to verify what miss bennett say . I be she editor . when she quit she job , she tell I what a swell fellow this man be . and anything Babe bennett say be okay with I . judge if you have anything to say , you will take the stand . mac I have already say it , you honor . I just think I would like to get my two cent in . as he start to go , camera panning with he , he pass longfellow . he nudge he . mac do not be a sucker , pal . stand up and speak you piece . he disappear to he seat . cobb you honor , I have get a couple of cent I would like to put in '' ? 454 ? judge sit down ! cobb I have be with this man ever since he come to New york— 324 . mo . shot shoot toward the judge . he pound he gavel , interrupt cobb . judge sit down ! there will be no further interruption . almost simultaneously with the judge 's speech , the farmer , somewhere in the audience , rise to he foot . farmer how about we , Mr. deed ! 325 . mo . shot shoot toward audience . as the farmer finish , a dozen other be on they foot . crowd ( ad - lib ) yes ! what about we , Mr. deed ! you be not go to leave we out in the cold ! they be try to frame you , Mr. deed ! the turmoil be general , with bailiff run to quiet they . the judge pound he gavel , incense . bailiff voice order ! order ! judge ( when quiet reign ) in the interest of Mr. deed , I have tolerate a great deal of informality . but if there be one more outburst , I shall have the courtroom clear . longfellow you honor— judge ( surprised ) yes ? longfellow I would like to get in my two cent ' worth . judge take the stand ! there be a general stir of excitement - and whisper . 326 . close shot - babe her eye sparkle happily . ? 455 ? 327 . close shot - cedar and client the client look up at Cedar , concerned . Cedar comfort they with a confident grimace . 328 . mo . shot to include longfellow , judge , and other around they . longfellow hesitates . judge proceed . longfellow well , I do not know where to begin . there 's be so many thing say about I that i— 329 . close shot at witness stand longfellow continue : longfellow about my play the tuba . seem like a lot of fuss have be make about that . if a man 's crazy just ' cause he play the tuba , then somebody better look into it , ' cause there be a lot of tuba player run around loose . of course , I do not see any harm in it . I play mine whenever I want to concentrate . that may sound funny to some people - but everybody do something silly when they be think . for instance , the judge here be a o-filler . . . 330 . wider angle Front of courtroom . judge a what ? longfellow a o-filler . you fill in all the space in the o 's , with you pencil . ( point to desk ) I be watch you . the judge look down at a paper in front of he . insert : of a printed document of some sort . all the o 's and p 's and R 's have the white space pencill in . 331 . closeup - judge as he look up from the document . he be a trifle self - conscious . laughter come from the courtroom . longfellow's voice that may make you look a little crazy , you honor , just sit around fill in o 's - but I do not see anything wrong ' cause that help you to think . other people be doodler . judge doodler ? ? 456 ? 332 . mo . shot - front of courtroom longfellow that 's a name we make up back home for people who make foolish design on paper when they be think . it 's call doodling . almost everybody 's a doodler . do you ever see a scratch pad in a telephone booth ? people draw the most idiotic picture when they be think . Dr. von holler , here , could probably think up a long name for it , because he doodle all the time . Dr. von holler , who be in the middle of some doodling , flinch . a roar of laughter come from the spectator . longfellow reach over to where Dr. von holler sit and pick up a piece of paper . longfellow ( to Dr. von holler ) thank you . ( return to the stand ) this be a piece of paper he be scribbling on . ( scrutinize it ) I can not figure it out . one minute it look like a chimpanzee - and the next minute it look like a picture of Mr. Cedar . ( hand it to he ) you look at it , judge . the judge , with a serious mien , take the paper . insert : of paper it be a doodle face . back to scene : Dr. von holler be somewhat uncomfortable . longfellow exhibit a - for the defense . ( after a pause ) look kind of stupid , do not it , you honor ? but I guess that 's all right if Dr. von holler have to doodle to help he think . that 's he business . everybody do something different . some people be '' ( demonstrate ) ear - puller - some be nail - biter '' ( point ) that Mr. semple over there be a nose-twitcher . 333 . close shot - semple and he wife he look up , startle , he nose twitching more violently than ever . the courtroom rock with laughter . his wife , in she nervousness , pull at she finger . longfellow's voice and the lady next to he be a knuckle - cracker . Mrs. semple quickly drop she hand in she lap , as the courtroom again fill with laughter . ? 457 ? 334 . close shot - cobb he swing a key-re around he forefinger . suddenly he realize longfellow might get to he , and he hastily palm the key and shove they in he pocket . 335 . mo . close shot - newspaper reporter one be lean forward , listen intently - bite the end of he pencil . the one next to he nudge he and silently point to the pencil in he mouth . the reporter get the idea and , smile sheepishly , yank it out of he mouth . 336 . mo . close shot - front of courtroom longfellow so you see , everybody do silly thing to help they think . ( in conclusion ) well , I play the tuba . 337 . close shot - mac as he burst forth . mac Nice work , toot ! the crowd echoe he with shout and laughter . 338 . close shot - judge he glare off scene at Mac , reprimandingly . 339 . close shot - babe she be amused at the embarassment longfellow have cause they all . 340 . close shot - cedar and he client they squirm uncomfortably . 341 . mo . close shot at witness stand longfellow in chair - judge at bench , b.g. judge Mr. deed , do you recall forcibly eject people from you home ? longfellow oh , yes . yes . about my throw that people out of my house . Mrs. pomponi tell the truth . I do throw they out because I do not want the party in the first place . I do not invite anybody . Mrs. pomponi do all that . they just come to see what kind of a freak the " cinderella man " be . I do not know how people like that be suppose to act , you honor , but if that pomponi woman be a example , I will stick to simple folk . she just come in , talk my ear off , and take charge of everything . if I be a friend of hers , I would have she examine . 342 . mo . shot of courtroom feature longfellow . Cedar , who cannot stand it any longer , jump to he foot . ? 458 ? cedar you honor , this be become farcical . I demand that Mr. deed dispense with side remark and confine himself to fact ! let he explain he wanderings around the street in underclothes , he feed doughnut to horse ! judge's voice proceed . longfellow Mr. Cedar 's right . that thing do look kind of bad , do not they ? but to tell the truth , you honor , I do not remember they . I guess they happen , all right , because I do not think a policeman would lie about a thing like that , but I be drunk . it be the first time I be ever drunk in my life . it 's probably happen to you , some time . I mean , when you be young , of course . the judge clear he throat in embarrassment . several woman giggle . the judge sternly pound he gavel . 343 . close shot - longfellow longfellow it 's likely to happen to anybody . just the other morning I read in the paper about Mr. Cedar 's own son - about how he get drunk and insisted on drive a taxi-cab , while the driver sit inside . be not that so , Mr. Cedar ? be not that so , Mr. Cedar ? 344 . mo . shot of courtroom all eye have turn to Cedar . 345 . close shot - cedar his eye be beginning to blaze angrily . cedar you honor , I object . judge proceed . 346 . medium shot longfellow now about the falkner sister . that 's kind of funny . I mean about Mr. Cedar go all the way to mandrake Falls to bring they here . do you mind if I talk to they ? judge not at all . longfellow turn . everybody stretch to get a better look at they . longfellow Jane , who own the house you live in ? ? 459 ? 347 . close shot - the sister the girl consult with each other . jane why , you own it , longfellow . amy yes , you own it . longfellow's voice do you pay any rent ? jane ( after confer with Amy ) no , we do not pay any rent . amy good heaven , no ! we never pay rent . 348 . wider angle as longfellow continue question : longfellow be you happy there ? jane oh , yes . amy yes , indeed . longfellow now , Jane , a little while ago you say I be pixilate . do you still think so ? jane ( after the usual conference ) why , you have always be pixilate , longfellow . amy always . longfellow ( smile ) that 's fine . I guess maybe I be . ( seriously ) now tell I something , Jane . who else in mandrake Falls be pixilate ? Jane turn to she sister and this time they go into a prolong huddle . it be apparently a difficult thing to figure out . finally they come out of it . jane why , everybody in mandrake Falls in pixilate - except we . amy uh-huh . 349 . mo . shot of spectator there be a outburst of laughter which the judge quickly quell with he gavel . ? 460 ? 350 . mo . shot - different angle longfellow now , just one more question . do you see the judge here ? he 's a nice man , be not he ? jane &amp ; amy uh-huh . longfellow do you think he 's pixilate ? jane ( quickly ) oh , yes . amy yes , indeedy . there be more laughter . more pound of the judiciary gavel . 351 . close shot - cedar he feel he case slowly crumble . 352 . close shot - babe she can scarcely conceal she elation . 353 . mo . shot - front of courtroom judge Mr. deed , you have not yet touch upon a most important thing . this rather fantastic idea of yours to want to give away you entire fortune . it be , to say the least , most uncommon . longfellow oh yes , I be get to that , you honor . camera move to closer shot , feature longfellow and judge , as former continue : longfellow suppose you be live in a small town and get along fine , and suddenly somebody drop $ 20,000,000 in you lap . suppose you discover that all that money be mess up you life , be bring a lot of vulture around you neck , and make you lose faith in everybody . you would be a little worried , would not you ? you would feel that you have a hot potato in you hand , and you would want to drop it . I guess Dr. von holler would say you be riding on '' ( point to chart ) —those bottom wave , ' cause you want to drop something that be burn you finger . 354 . medium shot Cedar spring to he foot . cedar ( shouting ) if this man be permit to carry out he plan , repercussion will be feel that will rock the foundation of we entire governmental system ! ? 461 ? the judge have pound he into silence . judge please , Mr. Cedar ! ( to longfellow ) proceed . 355 . mo . close shot at witness stand longfellow personally , I do not know what Mr. Cedar 's rave about . from what I can see , no matter what system of government we have , there will always be leader and always be follower . 356 . mo . close shot farmer in audience , as longfellow 's voice continue : longfellow's voice it 's like the road out in front of my house . it 's on a steep hill . every day I watch the car climb up . some go lickety - split up that hill on high— 357 . full shot longfellow —some have to shift into second - and some sputter and shake and slip back to the bottom again . same car - same gasoline - yet some make it and some do not . and I say the fellow who can make the hill on high should stop once in a while and help that who can not . 358 . medium shot longfellow ( make he point ) that 's all I be try to do with this money . help the fellow who can not make the hill on high . 359 . close shot - longfellow longfellow ( hotly ) what do Mr. Cedar expect I to do with it ? give it to he - and a lot of other people who do not need it ? ( rise ; sarcastically ) if you do not mind , you honor , I will ride on that top wave for a minute . ( call out ) hey , all you fellow out there ! all that who apply for a farm , stand up ! 360 . reverse angle show most of the audience struggle to they foot . ? 462 ? 361 . mo . close shot - witness chair longfellow see all that fellow ? they be the one I be try to help . they need it ! ( point ) Mr. Cedar and that Mr. semple do not need anything . they have get plenty ! it 's like I be out in a big boat and I see one fellow in a rowboat who 's tired of row and want a free ride - and another fellow who 's drown . who would you expect I to rescue ? Mr. Cedar , who just get tired of row and want a free ride ? or that man out there who be drown ? any ten - year- old child will give you the answer to that . ( to farmer etc. in courtroom ) all right , fellow . thank you . sit down . 362 . medium shot - front of courtroom longfellow now , my plan be very simple . I be go to give each family ten acre - a horse , a cow and some seed . and if they work the farm for three year , it 's theirs . now , if that 's crazy , maybe I ought to be send to a institution . but I do not think it be . and what 's more , Mr. Cedar do not either . ( vehemently ) just before the hearing start , he offer to call the whole thing off if I make a settlement with he . so you see , he would not think I be crazy if he get pay off . 363 . close shot - cedar he jump to he foot , highly incense . cedar it 's a lie ! judge Mr. Cedar ! cedar Mr. deed be draw on he warpe imagination ! 364 . close shot - longfellow as he listen to Cedar , watch he antagonistically . cedar' voice I have never hear anything so colossally stupid in my life ! longfellow 's eye narrow resentfully . 365 . wider angle to include longfellow , Cedar and judge . cedar it 's a insult to we intelligence to sit here and listen to he childish raving . ? 463 ? throughout he speech the judge have be pound he gavel . longfellow have he eye levell off on Cedar . judge ( when quiet reign ) you will please permit Mr. deed to finish . cedar but you honor— judge Mr. Cedar ! Cedar , grumblingly , remain stand . judge ask longfellow : judge anything else , Mr. deed ? longfellow ( eye still on Cedar ) no . ( change he mind ; turn to judge ) yes . there 's just one more thing I would like to get off my chest before I finish . judge proceed . longfellow thank you , you honor . he rise to he foot , take one step forward , and clout Cedar flush on the jaw . as Cedar fall into the arm of a associate , pandemonium break loose . bailiff voice order ! order ! order in the court ! 366 . full shot of courtroom the judge pound he gavel . there be cry of approval from the spectator . in the midst of the commotion '' dissolve to : int . courtroom 367 . mo . panning shot show spectator , wait breathlessly for a decision . all eye be on the judge . 368 . close shot at bench the judge hold a whisper conversation with he expert . 369 . close shot - babe she be apprehensive . 370 . close shot - longfellow he glance furtively at Babe , off scene . 371 . mo . shot of farmer lean forward . they entire future hang in the balance . 372 . mo . close shot at bench the judge come out of the huddle ; he face be very stern . ? 464 ? bailiff voice remain seat and come to order . the Court be again in session . judge before the Court announce its decision , I want to warn all who be here that the police have order to arrest anyone create a disturbance . 373 . quick flash of Babe - cobb - longfellow - Mac - the farmer . 374 . insert : close shot - judge the judge 's preface augur ill . 375 . closeup - cedar his mouth curl up in a content grimace . 376 . full shot - courtroom all eye be upon the judge , who clear he throat . judge ( serious mien ) Mr. deed , there have be a great deal of damaging testimony against you . you behavior , to say the least , have be most strange . a audible gasp be hear from audience . judge go on : judge but in the opinion of the Court , you be not only sane , but you be the sanest man that ever walk into this courtroom . case dismiss ! the shout that greet this be tumultuous . the judge smile warmly , and clasp longfellow 's hand . immediately , longfellow be surround by a crowd of people who come run down the aisle . 377 . close shot - cedar and group they sit , stunne , disappointed . Mrs. semple turn to she husband and slap he . mrs . semple you nose-twitcher ! budington rise to confront Cedar . budington oh , I know it ! I know it ! you , you— Cedar disgustedly push he in the face , aside . 378 . close shot - babe she smile ecstatically , too excited to move . suddenly she rise . 379 . medium shot as Babe try to get to longfellow , but find herself on the fringe of a jubilant crowd in the center of which be longfellow . she try to break through , but find it impossible . desperately , she jump on a chair and try frantically to get a glimpse of he . at that moment , several farmer have lift longfellow on they shoulder . 380 . full shot - courtroom as jubilantly , longfellow be carry out on the shoulder of the excited crowd . ? 465 ? 381 . medium close shot as Babe frantically try to reach longfellow , but be jostle aside . the parade envelop she . 382 . long shot from rear the shouting mob be head for the door at end of courtroom . everyone crowd forward . 383 . close shot in rear Babe be leave helplessly out . dissolve to : 384 . full shot of courtroom empty - except for the falkner sister , still whisper to each other , and Babe , sit helpless and forlorn . 385 . close shot - babe her eye be fill . dismally she start forward . we hear a rise commotion from the outside , at this moment . 386 . wider angle longfellow run toward camera with the mob , shouting , back of he . he reach courtroom , slam the door shut behind he . Babe , attract by the noise , look up . he run toward she , and swoops she up in he arm . 387 . close shot - jane &amp ; amy jane he 's still pixilate . amy he sure be . 388 . close shot - babe and longfellow she kiss he over and over again . he look around and over he shoulder at the mob , a little daze . finally , he notice she effort , and give she one passionately back . all that be hear be the cheer of the crowd outside and the Columbia music . fade out . the end