2 = EB interscope _~ = b® communications , inc . ~ mr. holland opus written by Patrick sheane Duncan ~*~ revision by Stephen Metcalfe director : Stephen herek 10900 wilshire Blvd . suite 1400 Los Angeles California 90024 tel*310¢208-8525 faxe 310 ° 208-1764 8/10/94 - Tan '' 8/9/94 - orchid 7/26/94 - Green 7122194 - yellow 7/18/94 - pink 716/94 - Blue 6/30/94 - Gray 6/28/94 - Tan 6/10/94 - orchid 's * , 6/9/94 - Green | '' 6/4/94 - yellow : 6/3/94 - pink 6/2/94 - Blue 5/28/94 - White Al b1 el revise 6/2/94 1 . - bxt . kennedy high - day a' chevy station wagon come up the drive . Parks . there be a few car in the lot . School be out . glenn holland , around 60 , get out of the car and stand a moment . the marquee in front of the school say - good luck , CLASS of 94 . the rope on the flagpole clang against tha pole - a lonely desolate sound . Holland grab he old , batter briefcase and some fold file box from the car and head towards the building . int . school - day locker hang open and empty . Holland walk down the hallway . the locker be open . at the end of the hall a janitor sweep . Holland stop in front of the trophy case .... stare at the photo and trophy for a moment . he continue on down che ampty hall . int . music room - day Holland stand in the doorway , take in the classroom - the piano , the record player , cassettes and record . there be photo on the wall . Bob seger , elton John , chrissie hynde , the ramone , the clagh , U -2 , springsteen . Holland walk over to he desk and puta down he briefcase . he beging to put together a fold box . a sound , he look up . the janitor , jay , poke he head in . jay heya , Mr. Holland , I think that be you . holland hi , jay . jay clearin 's out , huh ? holland yeah . jay Mr. Holland , I want you to know . I think it stink , what they do . Holland be silent . ( continurd ) Al bl cl revise yellow 6/4/94 2. c1 continued : ch -_ . jay — _ you need anything , more box ? , . holland T be all set , jay take care , Mr. Holland . jay exit . Holland go back to he box . he suddenly stop . he move to the piano and run a finger distractedly down the key . stack of sheet music on the piano . he glance through they . he sit at the piano . after a moment , he begina to softly play . credit start to roll over black as we close on he hand . 1,2 . int , apartment - night 1,2 Close on piano hammer hit piano wire . close up over sheet music title " the road* , to hand and pencil write musical note on sheet music paper . the finger play . we hear what sound like a sour note . Close on note erase then replace by another note in the string section of the sheet music . holland , now early thirty , sit at the piano , play . in the background , blind suddenly open , revealing he ~~ wife , Iris holland , thirty , work in she kitchen / darkroom . Iris have finish develop some picture of Holland play in a club . the finger play . slowly the piano sound give way to violin play the same note that be play on the piano . the other instrument of the orchestra join in , one after another . Holland now stand in the middle of a cluttere room excitedly conduct a imaginary orchestra comprise of poster board sit in chair with word like violin , woodwind , percussion , etc . his mouth ag he sound out the note . softer ... louder . . Holland be the music . he drop he hand and move back to the piano . credit end as : 2a ext . apt . - night 2a * establish apartment building . it ie dark e@xcept for a light . shine in the Holland apartment where Glenn be conduct a imaginary orchestra . ' . 3 revise yellow 6/4/94 3. int . apartment - bedroom morning Holland be asleep in bed fully dress with sheet music ssplay all over he . his glass rest on the nighttable behind he , his wife , Iris , around 30 , walk into the room . Iris Glenn . it 's time ! holland ( still asleep ) just a little while longer . Iris tf you do not get up r‘ll cut one of you piano wire , Holland slowly raise he head . his eye focus . realization hit . he leap up - ! he start to move around the room . he look out a window . holland what time be it ? Iris Seven a.m. holland good , God . the sun be out this early ? Iris it be a surprise to I , too . I take a picture of it in case it never happen again . holland nobody get up this early . in the bathroom - the bathroom be a photographer 's supply room . Film hang from the shower rod . negatives be on the mirror . Glenn ig rapidly shave . Iris be in the other room . holland what time be I suppose to be there ? ( continued ) . ee ee . 4 revise yellow 6/4/94 3a . continued : Iris ( 0.c. ) seven-thirty . ; holland seven-thirty . why would anybody want to start work at seven-thirty in the morning . I be not sure body function kick in until noon . Iris rush in with a piece of toast and a glasa of orange juice for he . . Iris Breakfast . holland when do you learn to cook ? Iris this morning . I mean how hard can it be ? Holland grab the juice and swiga it down . he exit the room . Iris follow . in the bedroom - Holland have a shirt and pants on . he be rapidly move thing around , search for something . holland where be it . iris what be you look for ? he find a tie . holland my tie , Holland look at he watch and start to put he tie on . holland I can not believe it . I be go to be late on my first day . I will be aire in my firet thirty second . that 's probably some kind of a record , flash ! holland what be you do ? ( continued ) ee ews 8 continued : she take flash ! revise yellow 6/4/94 38 . Iris : you look cute when you get like this . another picture . holland cut it out , Iris . Iris this be the moment that we will cherish when we get older . holland you be not gonna have that pleasure if you do not stop take picture of I . how do I look ? Iris like you father . holland I quit . Iris approach Holland . tris not yet . I like a guy ina suit . she kiss he , omit holland really , let 's get back to bad , I will call in sick . Iris uh-uh . be late be not go to be my fault . holland ( a sigh ) well ... hello , middle clase . CUT to : revise 6/2/94 4-5. -~ . . 7- 10 omit 7 - 10 11 ext . kenneoy high school - Day 1 music - surfin Bird by the trashman . September , 1964 . Portland , Oregon . School bus pull up in front of a high school and discharge student . Cars pull in - teacher and student go into they respeccive lot . a corvair convertible come past the front of the school and slow . Holland stare out . the magic be play on hia car radio . above the entrance the nama of the school be be change . ' James A. garfield " be now just a shadow on the unfade brick . the maintenance man ts on a ladder scrubbing away the dirt with a wire brush . on the grass below , the new letter be laid out - ' John P. Kennedy " . Holland tug ac the collar of he shirt - he 's not use to wear a necktie . fle drive on towards the teacher lor . 12 in the teachers lot - 12 Holland park . he sit a moment . he look pensive . he turn and look at the gift wrap box on the geat next to ( continued ) 12 revise yellow 6/4/94 continued : he . there 's a note on it - OPEN upon arrival . Glenn unwrap and open the box . there 's a photo with a lipstick kiss on it . there 's also a new leather briefcase . glenn get out of he car and be lock ic when a another car pull in next to he . a humorless look man , Glenn 's age get out . Holland hesitates ... and then : holland Morning ! the guy . eugene wolter , turn as if startle . holland Glenn Holland . I be the new music teacher . 5 wolter sort of nod and turn away to lock he car . holland - and you name ... be ...? wolter vice principal wolter . holland ah. vice principal wolter . 1 like a man who 's idencity be intrinsically link to he job description . wolter turn to stare at he . wolter corvair . I take it you do not hear about Ralph nader 's book . ' Holland have - too ' many time now . he force a grin , holland yeah , well , unless Ralph want to buy I a new car , I guess I will be keep this baby till the wheel fall off . wolter which might not be too far off . have a good day . wolter turn and walk away . Holland sigh to himself . 6 . 12 14 int . kennedy high - day 13 Holland get a few curious look from the student as he walk down the crowded , noisy hall . he almose dump into people as he check room number , check the slip of paper in he hand . he 's .... jacob ( 0.c . ) you look jost , Mr. Holland . Holland turn . helen jacob be in she early fifty with a rather severe exterior . jacob helen Jacobs . remember I ? I hire you . holland yes ! of course you do . actually I be just ... I be look for ... actually , yes iam . lose . jacob what a auspicious beginning . this way . she turn and walk . Holland hurry after she . int . hallway - day 14 Jacobs seem to glide down the crowded hall like a icebreaker . Holland have to move and dodge to even barely keep up . jacob you first day as a teacher , Mr. Holland . excite ? holland nervous . ( lightly ) never think I would be here . jacob no ?- why not ? holland uh , well , I guess like a lot of people , I only get the teach certificate so I would have something to fall back on and ... well , now I have . a student couple be get amorous by a locker . ( continued ) 14 continued : revise 6/2/94 a. . jacob ( without break stride ) this be not che drive - in , Mr. claridge , hand off ! - ( a beat ) Mr. Holland , '' do not think of teach as a fall back position and I grow nervous around people who do . holland I do not mean - ( dodging a student ) I be happy to be here , really . jacob good . if you will stop by my office later , T have a list of the student you will be advise . holland advise ? I ? when be I suppose do all this ... advise ? jacob that be up to you and the student to arrange . you meet you orchestra , wae ? holland ( fumble ; check hig schedule ) uh ... fifth period . they any good ? jacob they try hard . by the way , I will want a prepare lesgon plan from you by Friday . ( continued ) 14 14 15 continued : : holland right . jacob for September and October . holland righc . jacob ( suddenly stop ) here we be . holland what do I do here ? jacob you teach . have a good day , Mr. Holland . and she turn and move off . holland people keep say that . he enter the classroom . int . music room - day . 15 Holland enter . he set he briefcase on the desk . he look around the room . a piano . a record player . a white faux marble bust of Beethoven . a scale of note . above the blackboard - the rest of the room undecorate . Holland open a desk drawer - look in - find it empty except for a stray pencil stub or paper clip . student begin to enter . Holland turn , nod at they nervously . try to look busy , he take a music textbook from he briefcase and plop it down on the desk . he stare ac it with the same enthusiasm the student probably will . . the class be beginning to fill . holland let 's all ... take a seat , please . turn to the blackboard , he look for some chalk ... and can not find it . he hear giggle behind he . he pick up a stub of chalk . and print he name . the bell ring as he finish . the student grow silent . Glenn take a breath . he turn - he mind go blank . holland good morning . this be , uh ... Music appreciation . my name - ahem - that be , what I prefer to be call under this , uh , circumstance - be Holland . Mr. ( more ) ( continued ) ro ui 16 17 continued : a ul holland ( conz would ) Holland . ahem , it be , of course , a title of courtesy and I will , of course , extend that same courtesy co each and every one of you , miscer or miss , as the ... situation ... present itself . ( silence ) thank you . ( silence ) well ! let 's talk about music . what be music ? what do you think ? anyone ? the kid just stare at he . wait . expectant . holland okay ! ( move quickly to the desk ) let 's open we textbooks to page one .... shall we ? ( read ) Music ... be sound in melodic or harmonic combination , whether produce by voice or instrument , ( look up ) question ? none. holland good. so. move on ... he read . int . cafeteria - day 16 lunch time . the cafeteria be crowded . wolter patrol the room , zeroing in on a group of teenage girl gossipe and giggle at a corner table . in the kitchen 17 Holland be in the food line with the student . he pick up a tray . bill meister , thirty year old , in a gym teacher 's slack and sport shirt , cut into line and grab a tray , join he . Bill 's a big guy - thoughtful , soft -spoken . meister hi. holland hi. ( continued ) revise orchid 6/10/94 - 11 . 17 continued : 17 ~ meister - . , teacher do not wait . holland huh ? meister High school be not a democracy . teacher do not wait . - come on , comé on . Bill meister , phy . ed. holland : Glenn Holland , Music . . they shake . , holland ' my god , what be this ? meister what be today ? holland Tuesday . , meister it 's green . Turkey spam surprise . you can mortar wall with it . ( to the heavyset serve woman ) sylvie , can I have extra ? blop ! extra it be . 18 holland and meister , 18 come out of the kitchen into the cafeteria . : holland anything else I should know ? meister yeah , keep you hand off the girl 's gym teacher . holland pardon I ? meister you predecessor , Mr. bunte ? wolter catch '' give the girl 's gym teacher , miss esparza , the slide trombone on the home ec sofa . ( continued ) * revise orchid 6/10/94 12 . 18 continued : 18 across the cafeteria wolter be make some girlg kneel on : the floor so he can measure they skirt . the skirt do not oo touch the floor . : holland so they fire the guy ? bunte , I mean . wolter bark and point and the girl , they face red , head towards the principal office . meister they fire both of be . which I gotta tell you , break my heart . esparza be a dish . . I still do not know how bunte do it ; I never even get to second base with she . that 's she replacement over there . the volkswagon with breast . ' a squat , muscular woman in short and a garfield High School t-shirt be at a far table . meister teacher 's dining room be this way . 18a int . teacher's dine room - . 18a Holland and meister sit at a table eat . a holland I have be play music . club , wedding , bar mitzvah . be on the road alot . that sort of thing . meister Boy , I bet you meet a lot of girl do that . holland ( laugh , imply that , that could be true ) versus actually , I be a composer and teach , I hope be gonna give I the chance to do that in my free time . compose , I mean . ct ( continued ) * eee ae 18a 19 20 revise orchid 6/10/94 13 . continued : 18a meister laugh out loud . . holland I say something funny ? meister Nah , I be just try to remember the last time I have that be free . ( then imploringly ) let 's hear about the chick , come on . Holland do not respond . meister ( distract already ) hey , you want that tapioca ? int . band room - afternoon 19 the orchestra student sit in front of Holland with they instrument . Holland pick up he baton and face the kid . holland I want everyone to relax . we be not here to impress each other . so. ready ? the student ready themselves . holland one ... two ... Three ... and ! the kid start play . they be horrible . Holland have a stricken look on he face . int . high school study hall ~ afternoon 20 the hall be full of student . they be chat . nothing out of hand . Holland be at the front , oblivious to the buzz . he be hum to himself , then transcribe what he 's hum into note on the page of a music composition book . student 1 what 's he doin ' , talkin ' to himself ? student 2 he 's sgingin ' to himself . student 1 bunte never sing to himself . ( continued ) revise orchid 6/10/94 13a . - 20 continued : 20 - student 2 _ maybe he 's loonie . student 3 hey , will ya shut up , I be try to ' study . {continued ) 20 continued : tudent L you shut - up , geek face , student 2 hey ! shut-up ! Holland look up , puzzle . the boy be yell at one another . holland uh ... lec 's have it quiet , please . right . Student 3 be now climb over a desk to get at Student 1 . alarm , Holland rise . holland I be sure you have something better to do ... they do not . they ignore he . holland aw , come on , guy ... the place be chaos . Holland be helpless . wolter this be a study hall , people ! the boy leap for they seat . student grab for they work . wolter I want to be able to hear a pin drop in here ! he can . wolter advance on Holland , eye full of disapproval . Holland feel like he 's go to be send to detention . suddenly : wolter what 's that ? startle , Holland cover he comp book . holland what ? there be the sound of faint music in the air . ( continued ) 20 21 22 continued : a5 wolter that sound . Holland smile in recognition . . . holland '' louie , louie " , by the kingsman . wolter thac better not be a radio , people ! the radio be immediately turn off . silence . wolter radios be not permit on school grounds . ( a beat ; contempruously ) try to keep it a litcle under control , Mr. Holland . the rest be leave unsaid . wolter exit . Holland close he comp book . someone giggle . holland I want it quiet in here ! ext . apartment build - day 21 Holland park he car and get out . it 's be a long day . int . apartment - day 22 a baby be wail , tear stream down its red face . it 's on the floor , sit on a colorful cushion . the mother be kneel , wave a doll at they . mother I do not understand this . he 's usually such a happy baby . Iris holland be behind a tripod - mount camera . Iris ba~ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba ! look at the funny - bunny face I can make ! and Iris cross she eye and stick out she tongue . the baby shriek in horror . the live room of the apartment have be turn into a photography studio , light be set up , a large paper backdrop hang from one wall - everything crowded against the huge record collection and the piano . Holland enter , put down he briefcase and stare at the bawling kid . ( continued ) 22 23 24 25 continued : a+ Iris ( lock up ; smile ) hi ! be with you in a minuce . Holland nod . he turn and go into the kitchen . in the kitchen - 23 a black drape have be hang over the window to keep we light . there be a pan of developer in the sink . a enlarger occupy the kitchen table . drying 8 X 10 's hang from wail to wall . Holland duck to gec under it . holland Iris !? how 's a guy suppose to make a cup of coffee around here ? in the live room - 24 Iris back in a second . in the kitchen - 25 Holland be fill the tea kettle . Iris enter . Iris we will be finish up in a little while . ( a moment ) so , come on . how would it go ? holland Fine . Holland take the kettle to the stove . he move to the cupboard to forage for instant coffee . Iris kid give you grief ? holland no more than I give they . Iris yeah , well , at least you kid do not pee on you . of course , it be only you first day . holland ooh ! something to look forward to . look , the deal be , you be suppose to be finish by the time I get home . ( continued ) 25 26 27 continued : 2 a Iris Glenn , I work here , rememcer ? now if you chink you can get a smile ouc of chat kid so I can take he piccure and getin ouc of here , you be my guesc . holland {a moment ) Bet ? Iris the usual ? holland you be on . Holland head into the live room . in the live room - 26 Glenn enter . the baby be wail . the mom look like she 's give up . Glenn head right to the piano . he sit . he slide he hand down the key and turn to the child , begin play a up - tempo boogie . holland hey , baaay - be ! the child stare at he , shocked to silence . Glenn sing - holland chantilly lace with the pretty face , a wiggle in she walk , a cute way a talk ! and he continue . the mom get up off the floor and move to join Iris who 's now watch . Iris he 's always have a way with kid . the baby be now clap it 's hand and giggle . holland oh , baby , that 's a what I like ! int . bedroom - night 27 Holland and Iris be on the bed . Iris be give Holland a back massage . ( continued ) 27 continued : she move I have goc it ail figure , wich you salary , plus whac I can take in with the photography , in four year we should have enough save for you to quic . holland T will never make ic . Iris - and do nothing but compose and become famous and make we rich . I start . I make we thirty - two dollar today . holland Big deal , I make thirty - cwo kid sleep with they eye open . oh , righc there . you know , I remember when I be in school . I want to be someplace , anyplace else . it never occur to I the teacher feel the same way . Iris you can sctill quit . holland we have be over this . and do what ? Iris I think the band be get pretty good . glenn yeah , we probably could of play the holiday Inn for the rest of we life . Iris Los Angeles . glenn I do not want to be a studio musician . tris so it 's two year teach then . holland yeah. ( curn ) come here . into he arm . he put he arm around she . she snuggle close . they kiss . ( continued ) revise orchid 6/10/94 19 . 27 continued : ~ Iris Glenn ? when you be in high school , ever wonder if you teacher go home and get it on at night ? holland at St. Joe of the Holy sweatsock , all of my teacher be priest and nun . tris I have such a crush on Mr. griffith . he coulda take I home any time . holland who be Mr , griffith ? Iris the music teacher . they kiss . 28 omit 29 int . music room - day the blackboard be a fill with complex diagram of music notation and chord progression . Holland , open textbook in hand , be add to the mess , still write madly away . holland - when a flat precede a note - like this - it indicate that the note should be play a half step lower . a piece base on the F major scale have a flat sign at the beginning of each stave . this be the key signature and tell we which note have to be alter throughout the piece ... now - a boy raise he hand . holland ( pleasantly surprised ) yes. mr... ( consulting he seating chart ) mim . mim what 's a scale ? and Holland realize they have not understand a word . 27 28 29 29a , int . rehearsal room - day 29 a Holland be rehearse the woodwind through ' stranger on the shore " . not half bad . except someone 's reed keep squeaking on the break . they come to a finish . : holland okay ... not bad act all . he turn to a girl , a clarinet player . holland miss , uh ...? she look at he , startle . she look away . lang lang . holland I be sorry ? lang gertrude lang . holland would you play the last bar for I , miss lang . she blushes . she begin to play . she get to the break and she reed squeak . she stop . her cheek glow red . holland again .... relax ... she concentrate even harder . her eye be fix on she sheet music . she get to the break and - honk !! she stop , stare at the floor . holland okay , thanks . well , that 's all for today . in 1ll see you all tomorrow . the student rise , gather there thing . holland miss lang , hang a minute . she wait as the other leave . {continued ) 29a continued : holland how long you be play , miss lang ? : lang Three year . holland ( surprised ) really ? and you .. that be , you be able to get in as much practice time as you would like ? lang I praccice constantly . holland isee . you , uh , seem to have a little trouble get through the break . lang I know . holland well , uh ... I think you need to relax a little bit and , uh ... I think you and I should try to ... ( stifling a sigh ) - meet on a individual basis . lang ~ that would be great . holland I do not have much time ... lang whatever you can spare , mister Holland . I really want to do well at this . holland I be sure you do . be here tomorrow , half hour before first period . we will start . lang thank you , Mr. Holland ! she exit happily . Holland sigh to himself - how do you tell someone they stink ? 30 int . apartment ~ night 30 Music begin and continue as : Holland sit at the piano , try to compose . thing be not go so well for he . he ( continued ) revise blue //o/94 22. 30 continued : erase more than he write . Iris be in the background work on she photo . Holland put he head in he hand . Iris pick up she camera and take he picture . Holland , with out look up , flip she the bird . she take another . 31 , int . music room - day the kid be take a test . Holland sit at he desk , try to keep he eye open . 32 int . apartment - night Holland sit at the piano , try to compose . he can not help but stare at the pile of test papers he have to correct . he sigh . he close the piano and move to the pile of test . later - Holland be correct quizze . another " F " . he sigh . gaze longingly at he piano . 33 int . rehearsal room - day gertrude lang play the clarinet , she eye glue to the music . the break come and - squeak ! Holland be numb . he glance at the clock . music end as : 34 int . classroom ~ day the stack of quizze be on Holland 's desk . Holland sit stare at they in silence . the student sit at they desk stare at Holland in silence . Holland slowly rise . he pick up a test at random . he read . holland this test be pathetic . '' name a american composer . " ' miss swedlin , you ' answer be ...? a girl ( small voice ) bach ? holland ( look through she ) Johann sebastin bach . right the student be silent . Holland sort through the quizze , find another ; read . holland oh my favorite . Mr. mim ! ' how do you know what key a concerto be in ?* ( continued ) 30 31 32 33 34 +e ee se ee 34 continued : revise Blue 7/6/94 22a. mim be silent . holland ( read out loud ) '' look on the front page " ... question mark . be the question mark because you be not sure , Mr. mim or because you punctuation be on the same level as you music theory ? ( throw the quizze down ) this be ... this be ... this be a waste of my time and yours ! mim ( a murmur ) ' this be really , really boring . giggles . Holland blow . holland ' Mr. mim , pay a visit to Mr. wolter . mim get up to leave . holland get you textbooks out . we be go to go over this question one by one until you get they right ! '' . Holland pick up the pile of quizze and dump they unceremoniously in the trash . ( continued ) 34 ee ee ee ee ae eee * c7 34 35 36 revi see csbe ff ole ed . continued : 34 int . hallway - day 35 end of the day . kid grab they jacket , slamm locker . goor , head for the exit . . holland pass the rehearsal room . he hear the pain note of a clarinet . he look in through a half - open door . it 's gertrude , int . rehearsal room - continuous 36 Holland enter . gertrude look up , startle . holland give it up , miss lang . he turn away . he have not go two step when he hear a choke back sob . he turn back . gertrude be cry . he stare , shocked and confuse . holland I mean for the day , school out , give it up for the day . lang I know what you mean . . 's holland then what - why be you '- ? lang I be terrible , Mr. Holland . I practice till my lip swell but I do not get any better . holland oo miss lang ... it take a lot of time to master a musical instrument . lang but I want to be good at something . my older sister have a ballet scholarship to - julliard , my brother go to Notre Dame . on a football scholarship , my mom have win the blue ribbon for watercolor at the state fair so many time they have retire . the category ... and my dad ? he 's sung the National anthem at beaver Stadium four time . I be the only one in my family who 's ... who can not ... oh , what difference do it make anyway . ( continued ) 36 37 continued : and weep she run out of the rocm leave the clarinet behind . Holland feel about a fooc call . ext . hallway 's - day Holland come out of the rehearsal room and proceed down the hall . mrs . jacob come around a far corner . Holland start to turn in another direction before she see he - jacob Mr. Holland ! too late . Holland turn back . jacob just the man I be look for . we be form a textbook committee for next year 's curriculum and I be hope for you idea and suggestion . we meec tonight at the library . holland sorry , Mrs. Jacobs , but I be busy . jacob I see . you know , for a good four or five month now , I have be watch you , Mr. Holland . I do not think I have ever see a teacher who sprint for the parking lot after last period with more speed and enthusiasm than he student . perhaps you should be we track coach . holland Mrs. Jacobs , I get here on time in the morning and I do my job as best I can . jacob and a teacher have two job . fill young , mind with knowledge , yes , but more important , give that mind a compass so the knowledge do not go to waste . I do not know how you be do with the knowledge , Mr. Holland , but as a compass you be stick . holland be I dismiss yet ? jacob I would say that 's only a matter of time . ( continued ) tw on 37 37 38 continued : she turn and walk away . int . holland apt . - night Holland furiously make meatloaf while Iris work with che enlarger . Iris seem distract . holland I hate that woman ... I hate she school ... and I hare - I repeat - hate ! - teach . Iris look like you hate meatloaf . holland I mean , what do she want from I . no one can teach this kid . they sit , they stare , there 's no there , there . Iris ( distract ) I do not know ... high school be such a crazy time , all that hormone raging , so many question to answer . holland yeah , right . like what 's more boss , ford or chevies . Iris oh , come on , Glenn . holland whac. Iris you play you share of tough house . when they do not listen , do you quit and go home or do you keep play until you find something that get they on they foot and dance ? holland Excuse I , you be suppose to be on my side . Iris well , I be noc , okay , I be ... I be ... ( continued ) 38 continued : a moment . Holland 's silence . revise Green 6/9/34 20 . . holland what . Iris take a breath and try to put on a smile . Iris I be pregnant . jaw drop . Iris I think I might be but I be not sure and so I go and see the doctor and ... ( again , try to smile ) iam . we be . say something ? Iris I dunno ... I mean , I know you would not be but ... I guess I hope ... you would be happy . ( continued ) 38 38 39 continue : she curn and hurry from the xi whac he 's jusc do . in the bedroom - ' Iris be on the bed , cry when Holland enter . '' holland Iris ... Iris no . do not say anything . you have every right to be angry . holland I be not . it just take I by surprise , that 's all . Iris I too . holland ( come onto the bed ) listen . I be gonna tell you a story . I be fifteen . I be down at the local record store - I mean , I just about live there , right ? Iris Glenn , what 's this have to do with - holland listen . the guy behind the counter , he push this new record on I . John coltrane . tell I it 's gonna knock I out . so I be excited . I take it home , play it . guess what ? I hate it . Iris but you worship coltrane . holland I do now . but that firse time ... I do not get it , Iris . I have to play it again . and then again . pretty soon , I could not stop play ic . I would listen to that horn and I would think ... this be what I want to do with my life ... make music. {a momenc ) Iris , what I be try to say be ... have a baby with you ? it 's gonna be like fall in love with coltrane all over again . ( continued ) mn . and ic hit Holland , ws with 39 y' if that be a lie , ic 's ever hear . not sweetest lie I " they kiss . int . music room - day Holland sit at the piano , try to get in a litle compose time . lang ( 0.c. ) Mr. Holland ? Holland look up . gertrude be stand in the doorway . lang hi , Mr. Holland . holland you be late . her clarinet case be on the desk . holland and you leave this yesterday . gertrude quietly move to the desk and take it . lang if you know anyone who want it ... I be quit che orchestra , Mr. Holland . I be just screwing everybody else up . I want to say thanks . for try . not look at Holland , she turn to leave . holland be it fun ? lang sorry ? holland the clarinet , be it fun ? lang do not make fun of I . holland I be serious . answer the question . ( continued ) * ue '' oo 40 continued : 4c lang no ! . holland and that 's che problem : Holland turn and quickly move to the pile of record he 's bring to class . holland miss lang ... you want to know what we have be do wrong ? we have be play the note on the page . lang what else be you suppose to play ? he sort through some 45' , put one on the record player . holland believe I , there be more to music than note on a page . he lower the needle and the unmistakable sound of " the kingsman '' belting out '' louie -louie " fill the room . holland this guy can not sing , they have no harmonic sense , it 's the same three chord over and over again - I love it ! do you love it ? gertrude nod . holland yes ! why ? lang I do not know . holland yeah , you do , come on . lang it 's ... fun . holland yes ! Music be suppose to be fun , miss lang ! it 's about heart and feeling and move people . not note on a page . the note I can teach you but heart ... do I a favor ? ( continued ) revise orchid 6/10/54 3u. 40 continued : 40 gertrude hesitates ... nod . ~~ ~ holland pick up you clarinet and play with I . ' gertrude hesitates . she sit . adjust she sheet music . holland uh-uh . no music . lang but - holland you know it . hear it in you head . play it . prom here . Close you eye . ready ? she nod . and they begin to play " stranger on a shore " . and it start off pretty good but then they hit the break and - squeak ! gertrude look away . holland when you look in the mirror , miss lang , what do you like best about yourself ? lang my hair ? an holland .. why ? lang my father once say it 's the color of a sunset . holland play a sunset for I , miss lang . they begin to play again . gertrude 's eye be close . they get to the break and - through it , . smooth as silk . gertrude almost cry out in surprise and delight . : holland do not stop . they play . she get better and better . gertrude , eye close , be smile now as she play . and for the first time Holland feel the glow of help someone , teach someone , of watch someone fall in love with music . y 41 - asv soe we we ne a ee '' ws int . classroom - day 41 the bell ring . a moment . Holland rise from he desk , stand in front of the classroom of dull face . . . holland who know the difference between the ionian and the dorian scale ? {not a peep ) Fine . I just want to confirm that I ( more ) ( continued ) revise 6/2/94 31 .. 4 . continued : holland ( ¢onc would ) have make no impression on any of you for a over the last five month . how many of ao you even like music anymore ? a couple of hesitant hand be raise . holland Mr. Sullivan , what kind you listen to ? boy rock and Roll . holland you , miss godfrey ? girl rock and Roll . holland Mr. Shapiro ? boy classical . holland Brown noser . there be some giggle . Holland and gertrude make eye — _ contact . holland how many like Johann sebastian bach ? shapire start to put up he hand . . holland other than you , Mr. Shapiro . no hand . holland uh-uh . all of you , whether you know it or not . like J. .. bach. nmove to the piano ) how mary of you like this song ? he sit and begin to play . the kid grin , some giggle , some sing the lyrica , all of they raise they hand . holland what 's it call ? misa reeves . ( continued ) revise grey 6/30/94 41 continued : a girl lover 's concerto . holland . who write it ? Mr. o'donnell . a boy the toy . Holland stop . holland wrong ! what you just hear , sportsfan , be bach 's minuet in G , write by the master in 1725 . and ... both piece be prime example of the ionian , or major scale . now bach do not think of it all by himself either . hundred of year before that a anonymous monk write ' this ... . Holland begin to play a gregorian chant - like piece . holland _ see if you can hear the connective tissue to this ... Holland play a coltraine - like tune . holland and by the way that two be in another scale ... anybody ? several hand go up . holland miss schumaker . girl the dorian scale ? holland bingo . I hope you be ready for this . ow ! and he begin to play a Chuck Berry -like song . the class : break into giggle . Holland smile . this could be fun . 42 in the hallway - wolter be come down the hall . he stop . he frown . that a radio ? 32 . be 41 42 ee eee 43 44 revise grey 6/30/94 32a. omit 43 int . bedroom - night 44 , Holland be on he back , wrench in hand , twist the bolt on something . Iris be on the floor , next to he , - watch . holland . - and they hand be go up and they be smile . and answer question . I mean , it be fun , it be rowdy ... it be .. it be great . ( more ) ( continued ) 44 continuec : hclland ( cont would ) ( finish ) there . whac a ya think ? they stare at the crib he 's put together . there hardly seem room for it in the cramped bedroom . they kiss . to stand . holland can not believe you marry such a handy man , huh ? Iris and it only take two try and three hour . and get up . it be not easy . there 's hardly room Iris I do n'c know what we be go to do for space . holland {a momenc ) what would you think about move into a house ? Iris you be kid . how could we afford it ? glenn I could teach driver 's - ed this summer . Iris you be go to compose this summer . holland it would only be this one time . Iris it would mean take the crib apart . holland we could take the wall down . Iris up to you . holland maybe I will then . she lean against he . he put a arm around she . ( continued ) revise Tan 5/28/94 34 , 44 continued : 44 holland '' tire ? on Iris ' mmm. you ? holland mm-mm . mind if I ...? the live room . the piano . Iris mm-mm . Glenn ? play the song that make I fall in love with you . he smile . he exit . Iris begin to get ready for bed . suddenly the sound of Glenn play '' ' stouthearted men " resound from the live room . Iris laugh . Iris Glenn ! a pause . Holland begin to play Iris 's theme . Iris smile to herself . 45 int . jacob office - day 45 o~ Jacobs look across she desk at Holland and wolter . jacob it have come to my attention Mr. Holland * that you be teach the student rock and roll . holland be this a problem ? * wolter a '' * problem " ? yes , it 's a problem . we only job be to teach . we cannot teach * and they can not learn if there be no discipline . * holland what 's you point , gene ? * ( 7 ( continued ) 45 continued : revise Tan 6/28/94 35 . wolter my point be thac rock and roll by the very nature lead to a breakdown in discipline . holland so what be you say ? we should deny it exist ? wolter : what I be - we be say be you should be emphasize the great . braum . mozart . stravinsky . holland stravinsky ? stravinsky be the music of the Russian revolution . talk about a breakdown in discipline . wolter you be deliberately exaggerate . holland how about the Kingston Trio , gene . they be nice and safe . how about sing along with Mitch ? wolter {to Jacobs ) you tell he . jacob ( dryly ) thank you , Mr. wolter , I have be want to . Mr. Holland , no one wish to interfere with you curriculum , but I have a meeting with a School board next week - so stick in the dark age , they think rock and roll be a message from the devil himself . what do I tell they ? holland tell they I be teach music and I will use any music I can from rock and roll to tribal chant from Africa , if it get a student to listen . jacob that ... be a reasonable answer , Mr. Holland . I can tell they that . ( continued ) 45 * a8 * teat eee at the ee eet op 45 46 revise Tan 6/28/94 35a . continued : holland well , then ... anything else ? jacob ' as -a matter of fact , yes . she look at wolter expectantly . wolter yes ... Mr. Holland , have you attend any of the season 's football game ? holland can not say I have . wolter Mrs. Jacobs - and I - feel that something 's miss . holland touchdown ? jacob Music . Mr. Holland , what do you know about march band ? int . holland apt . - kitchen ~ day Iris be put some finish photo of a child into a packet . she be try not to laugh . Iris she want what ? Holland be once again furiously make a meatloaf . holland a band ! a march band ! for next fall . I be suppose to take some musician chat can barely play a full . piece sit down and parade they around a football field . ( continued ) 45 46 46 47 48 49 revise yellow 7/22/94 36 . continued : 46 Iris be this part of the job description ? holland ' she 's the principal , she can make this stuff up as she go along ! why be you laugh !? Iris I be sorry ! it 's just ... you do not know anything about march band . do you ? no ! you do everything possible to avoid march . holland ( pound the meatloaf ) sure . ha-ha . it be to laugh . I wonder if it 's too late for I to start a rock Group . Iris begin to play a imaginary trombone . int . gymnasium - day 47 a banner hang above the stage -- '' good luck class of ' 65 " . the graduate class in they cap and gowns , the parent in they Sunday best in chair arrange on the floor in front of the stage . on the stage with the orchestra , be the teacher and speaker . principal Jacobs be at the podium . jacob before the ceremony Mr. Holland will lead the Kennedy High School orchestra in a rendition of the class of 65 's song , stranger on the shore . Mr. Holland if you please . in the audience , Iris watch Holland take he position in front of the orchestra , lift he baton and conduct the song . not bad , not bad at all . principal Jacobs catch Holland 's eye and smile . the woodwind section stand . gertrude lang be with they . she play it - from the heart . ext . country road , day 48 music begins : " Little gto " by the Beach boy as : a ' 65 plymouth with a '' Student Driver " sign attach to the trunk hop down the street . Gas ! brake ! Gas ! brake ! omit 49 * 30 sl - 52 53 34 55 revise 6/2/94 37 . ext . parking lot - day a student lose control - and pile a hedge under the nose of the car . ext . a house - day a truck be park in front of a modest suburban home . Iris , 8 1 / 2 month pregnant , be direct the mover . Holland do not trust they with he record collection . ext . a STREET - day the driver 's ed car pull out of a driveway - right path of a semi . Holland try to hit the gas pedal be not there . the huge truck slide to a stop , just into the that kissing the fender of the plymouth . Holland sag in he seat . inp . house - day the live room be empty except for a unpack box , stereo , couch and piano . Holland have the stereo speaker aim at Iris ' pregnant stomach . he 's conduct . ext . county road . day music end as : the driver #d car careen down the road . it speed through a stop sign . int . plymouth , day Holland be drive . oaryl hosta be the student in the passenger seat . two more scudent be in the back , terrify , one get off on the trip . daryl that be a stop sign you go through back there , Mr. Holland . ( pause ) you be definitely speed . Mr. Holland , definitely . ( pause ) and I do not think you be allow to pass on che right like that , Mr. Holland . the car do a screeching turn . onto : daryl ( eye widen } this a one - way street , Mr. Holland ! one ( continued ) so $ 1 52 53 54 $ 5 $ 5 56 57 58 continued : holland Mr. hosca !? shuc up ! - Holland turn into a driveway . '' ext . haviland CITY hospital , day Holland pull to a stop and run inside . int . hospital - day Holland run into the corridor , past the nursery - skid to a stop , back up , look at the baby , realize he will not be able to recognize he - and run to the nurse ' station . int . hospital room - day Holland burst into the room , try to be calm . holland Iris ? I come as fast as I could , I - he stop . Iris be propped up in bed , a baby in she arm . Iris come meet you son ... coletrane Holland Holland move to the bed . he stare , rapt . holland can I ...? she hand he the baby . holland he 's beautiful . there be a noise at the door . daryl and the other two student . daryl coal train ? what kind of name be that ? malone what 's he middle name - caboose ? holland you be on thin ice , Mr. malone . the kid take a look at the baby . the baby yawn and cry . ( continued } you ut 56 37 538 58 89 revise 6/2/94 39 .- cont inued : daryl hey , Mr. Holland ! perfect pitch ! int . classroom - day the Student orchestra sit with they instrupent raady . Holland point to a chellist . holland play I something happy . the cello player play a few note but if come out very sad sounding , the class begin to ad lib , ' no way ' , ' give I a break ' , eat . Holland point to a piccolo player , holland play something happy . the piccolo player play a few very happy sounding note , holland good ! Holland point to a saxophonist . holland play I something sad . the gax player play something gut wrenching sad . holland no wonder sax player get all the girl . the kide laugh . Holland sit at the piano . holland tell I how this make you feel . he play . the student begin call oue ideag - happy , gat , noble , triumphant . holland bxactly ! it ig all that thing . that be how my new bear son make I feel . cheer . the sax player sound he approval by blast out gome John coltrane . Holland grin . 58 59 60° revise orchid 6/10/94 40 . ext . football field - day 60 the band member , tote instrument , be stand at the end of the field . Holland be try to line they up accord to a book he keep refer to . in the distance , the football '' team practice . holland okay , okay , trombone in the next row and drum - where be the drum ? - drum at the back , behind they . good , good and ... we be not even ... we be suppose to be ... he look at the book . he give up on that . holland okay , we will fix it later ... okay ! let 's put we instrument down for a moment . be we ready !? he take he position at the front , raise the baton . holland let 's ... march ! and he give the signal to march . the kid start walk . holland Left - right , leave - right ! it look like hell . some be leave foot , some right . holland in unison ! unison ! right - leave - right - leave - leave ! the football player have stop to watch . some laugh . holland . ignore they ! they will be come to you for job one day ! Left - right - leave - do you people know leave from right ? okay , we be gonna do a leave turn , people ! ready ? and ... turn ! meister have be watch the chaos from the football field . he approach Glenn shaking he head . meister Glenn , stop this . this be really bad . ( continued ) '' 60 revise orchid 6/10/94 40a. continued : Glenn ignore he still try to establish order . meister Glenn stop they . Glenn turn and scream . holland I can 't !!! meister ominiously blow a whistle and scream . meister stop !! the band stop . he turn to he player . meister run ! the football player begin to de lap around the field . ( continued ) 60 60 revise orchid 6/10/94 41 . continued : . meister take it you be never in the army ? holland that be a stupid question . meister iwas . I march my keester of€ . holland any suggestion ? meister maybe . see that kid sit over there in the stand ? Holland turn . a boy , louis russ , be glumly sit in the bleacher watch the football team practice . meister that 's Lou Russ . he be the great halfback I ever have and I have to toss he off the team because of he grade . I be gonna lose he for wrestle too unless he get be up . holland what do you want I to do , take he test for he ? meister no . tell you what though . I bet if he play in the band , I could talk Jacobs into give he a academic credit and then I could help you here . holland what instrument 's he play ? meister he do not . holland come on , Bill , get serious . meister I be serious . you get he to play , I will get they to march , 60 61 - revise orchid 6/10/94 41a. int . rehearsal room - day Holland sit with Russ . to some extent , Glenn have already write the boy off . ( continued ) 61 61 continued : 's bt holland oe know anything act all about music , mr. mar Russ ? russ no , sir , coach . holland you do not have to call I sir and I be noc acoach . Mr. Holland be fine . russ sorry . holland do not be . it waste time . now . you will at least need to learn some fundamentals before you can join the band , Mr. Russ . russ T will work hard , Mr. Holland . I know how to work , I be just not a school kind of person . holland obviously not . o™ ! Russ look away . Holland realize he 's insulted the hoy . holland but ... hard work make up for a lor . what would you like to play ? russ how about a electric guitar . holland we march , Mr. Russ , the extention cord would be murder . how about a tuba ? russ tuba 's be for fac guy with pimple . : holland I would hace to hear what you think of the piccolo . russ huh ? ( continued ) 61 62 63 continued : at holland nevermind . uh ... give '' we cime constraint perhaps a drum 's not a bad idea . russ yeah ! that 's cool ! something I can bang ont I will work hard , Mr. Holland . you bec I will . holland -..@ bass drum . int . holland house - day 62 Holland be at the piano with baby Cole on he lap . holland I know a old lady who swallow a fly ; I do not know why she swallow a fly ; I guess she will die . I know a old lady who swallow a spider that wriggle and wriggle and tickle inside she . Cole laugh as Holland tickle he during the last phrase . Cole pound on the key with he little hand . holland look , honey , the kid 's a natural . Iris all the music you aim at my belly while I be pregnant , I should hope so . holland ( play a intro ) and now ...! appear at Radio City Music Hall , coltrane gershwin Holland ! Holland play a boogie-woogie . he bounce Cole up and down on he knee as he play . Cole giggle . Iris smile . int . rehearsal room - day 63 the school band be assemble with Lou Russ on the bass drum . they be play a march . holland you be early , Mr. Russ . Russ wince ; keep go . ( continued ) 63 . continued : at holland get on the beat , Mr. Russ ! the cacophony concinue . suddenly Russ be not play ac all . holland stcp , stop , stop ! where would you go , mr. Russ ? russ I lose my place . holland well , find it , please . most of we here already think time be a magazine . wwe do not need you confusing we further . and as long as we be stop - Mr. barr ! barr , a trumpet player look up . holland it be not , shall we say , '' couth " to empty you spit valve during performance and especially not on the foot of che person sit next to you . barr blushes . the red haire girl next to he , check she shoe , grimace and glare at he . holland alright , let 's pick it up at bar cwenty - four . and - he wave the baton and they play . the first few bar go well . but then the music shift gear and Lou Russ , baffle , be just beat away . boom ! boom ! boom ! holland stop ! stop ! stop ! they stop . the bell ring . holland save ! by the bell . tomorrow , sportsfan , same time , same station . the student gather they thing . Russ leave he drum and walk over to Holland . . { continued ) 63 64 continued : 52 russ Mr. Holland , I want you to know - . holland you will work harder . ( it 's hopeless ) you do that , Mr. Russ . Holland curn and exit . int . house - live room - night 64 meister have be over for dinner . he now sit on the couch . Holland be play . he and Iris be sing . the song be bouncy and fun . they " performance " be not all that serious . they come to a finish . meister applaud . meister you write thac ?! I can not believe you write that ! I mean , I have see you wander around the hallway , hum to yourself but ... Iris Glenn 's work on a symphony . holland come on , Iris . tris he be . he 's go to be the gershwin of we generation . holland I be no gershwin . Iris he be . holland I be not . Iris you be . holland anyway . Cole cry from another room . Iris get up . ( continued ) 64 continue : ay be Iris Cole 's cry . | '' meister _ you need some help ? tris ( amused ) what do you know about baby , meister . meister uh , they be about the size of football ? tris I think I can handle it . she exit . meister whew . that be close . Holland smile . meister not that I would not mind have kid someday . holland '' ~~ maybe you ought to find a wife first . meister you think ? ( and then : ) in a way , the kid at school be my kid . you wanna smack be sometimes , but mosrly you wanna see 'mm do good . holland I agree with the smack part . meister Lou Russ . he gonna make it ? holland I do not think so . a moment . meister sigh . meister you know , I want to play for the Rams ? too small . everybody say . too small . I try out anyway . ( continued ) 64 continued : revise 6/2/94 a7 ... holland what happen ? meister I get kill . TI wag too small . but at leaat I get to try . dammit , Glenn , I be count on you , holland Bill , come on . it 's not like a kid do not wrestle it 's che end of the world . mbister I do not care about he wrestle . I care about he . holland look ... how be I suppose co keep a kid who can not play a instrument in the band ? meister . you teach he , that 's how ! ' you gonna tell I you can not get a kid to bang a drum ? teach himt holland I can not ! meister than you be a lousy teacher ! Holland glare at meister . 's om 65-66 omit 67 omit 64 65-66 67 * ( continued ) oa 67 gta 68 68a 68b 6ec 68e 69 revise 6/2/94 48. continued : bxt . music room - day the camera move slowly toward the music room as we hear a ‘up beat rock tune play . holland ( 0.c . ) you be go to fast , Mr. Russ . slow .+. now you be go to slow , mr. Russ . the camera move in the open door and we see Holland and Russ snap they finger , groove to the beat . holland watch my finger . russ I be watch , Mr. Holland . holland you be try too hard . listen to the drum ... follow the drum ... feel the drum . omit int . music room - day in a series of cut - russ. music in front of he , ia bang on the bag drum . Holland be right next to he , hand lightly strike he shoulder with he , keep time . Russ be bang away . Holland sit next to he , he foot tapping against Russ 's , again keep time with he . Russ bang away . he 's wear a football helmet . Holland ia behind he , keep time with a mallet on rues ' 's head . Russ bang on . a metronome be in front of he . Holland be snap he finger . better . the snare drummer be in a line , stick fly . Russ be with they on the bass drum . Holland be conduct he . better arill . add the glockenspial . the fife . the brasa . and finally : int . rehearsal room - day the entire band be play the MARCH we have be hearing . Holland be conduct . Lou Russ 's brow be furrow with concentration . suddenly : ( continued ) 67 67a° teee . ee 68 * 68a 688 68c 66d 68z 69 69 70 71 revise 6/2/94 49 . continued : 69 holland Mr. Russ ! congratulation . you have find the beac . everyone applaud . Russ be all grin . he beat out @ celebratory riff on the bass drum . omit ? 70 omit , 1 ° ( continued ) oan 71 72-74 75 . 76 revise 6/2/94 50 . " continued : omit sxt . MAIN STREET , day a Easter parade . the sidewalk be line with spectator . a float pass carry the sugarbeet Easter bunny . Iris , with Cole in she lap , sit in a lounge chair at the curb watch . meister sit next to she . and now 4 band march down the street play " seventy - six trombone " . the musician be high -stepping , all - american kid , they weaving in and out of each other , pause , cake deep bow , twirling they instrument in precision . the people applaud enthusiastically . Iris what high school be this ? meister bast larchmont . last year they do macy 's . how 's Glenn hold up ? Iris and meister glance at one another , expressionless . and then , force a smile : Iris he 's hold . ext . side STREET , day Holland , in full band uniporm , run around madly , try to get the band together . holland strull ! where be Mr. strull ?! have anybody see - Mr. dole , whera do that brown shoe come from ? the uniform be ( more ) 71 72-74 75 76 ( continued ) 74 cont ing riack shoe , you be give Black shce , . wnere do - have anyone see Mr. strull ? -~ a student . he hadda go to the bathroom . holland Mr. mcmartin , go and extricate Mr. strull from che port-o-potrie . all right , listen up ! do everyone have they music - ? behind the band , a decorate fire engine let 's loose a deafen blast on the air horn . 77 ext . MAIN STREET , day 7 a fife and drum corp follow by another float pull by a John deere tractor - the National Pickle harvesters Association . 78 ext . side STREET , day 78 Holland have the kid in formation . holland ; remember ! keep you eye on the foot of '' - the person in front of you ! ready ...! March ! instant chaos . wait member of the local elk club look at one another . holland hold iti , hold it ! hold it ! back in formation ! let 's all take a deep breath , get back in formation . a parade official be wave they urgently onto the parade route - let 's go , let 's let 's go , let 's go ! holland we're do the best we can , damnit ! the band stare act he in surprise . he smile weakly . 79 ext . MAIN STREET , day 79 down the street come a majoretce and two standard - bearer carry a big cloth banner . ( a ( continued ) 80 81 continue : > u John f. Kennedy High School march Band haviland , oregen the band be not play , they be concentrate on they march . Holland nod to the majorarcce . she raise she baton . bah ! bah ! bahm ?! - sahmp ! bahmp ! - bah ! bah ! bahmp ! - bahmp ! bahmp ! it 's '' louie , louie 's ! the crowd go nut , applaud , cheer , yell . mr . russ that 's my boy ! bang on that drum ! that 's my boy ! hey , Louis ! Louis ! Louis Russ be proud of himself , and rightly so . but Holland too be swell up like a macy 's Thanksgiving Day parade balloon . he wink at Iris as he pass . Iris wave Cole 's little hand . the band move by . suddenly the fire engine that follow the band let 's loose on the air horn . frightened baby start to cry . the fire engine hit the horn again . the baby wail . Iris stare down at Cole , concern in she face . nor because Cole be cry buc because he be not . the fire engine be right in front of they and Cole do not seem to hear a thing . ext . holland house - day 80 Holland , band uniform still on , get out of the corvair . carry he plumm hat , he head for the house . neighbor be water they lawn . it 's a lovely spring day . int . house - day 81 Holland enter the kitchen , set he band hat down . holland Iris ! Cole ? I be home . Holland check the fridge , pull out something to drink . as he turn , Iris enter . she be near tear . Iris there 's something wrong with Cole . holland ... what ....? Iris ( try to control she emotion ) I have try different thing . sneak up behind he , bang pot , scream he name , stomping the floor . he turn when ( more } ( continued ) revise with : ~ 219794 53 , 81 continued : Iris ( cont would } I do that . Big smile - he think I be play a game - . she start to cry . she try to stop . . holland Iris ... iris I do not think he can hear . 82 in the live room Holland rush in . Cole be on the floor , play , he back to he father . Holland move to the piano and sit . he begin to play loudly . holland I know a old lady who swallowd a fly , I do not why she swallow the fly , I guess she will die ... Cole continue to play , ignore Holland . tris enter , in tear . Holland play louder . holland she swallow a dog to catch the cat , she swallow the cat to catch mouse - o~ Holland jump up , approach Cole from behind . holland Cole ! ( get closer ) Cole ! Holland kneel ... reach out ... touch Cole on the shoulder . Cole turn . smile warmly at he father . Holland sweep the boy into he arm , hugging he tight . 83 int . doctor' office - day the doctor , sorenson , be at he desk . Holland and Iris sit across from he ; daze pain in both they face . Cole sit in Iris ' lap . doctor do either of you have any deaf relative ? Holland and Iris shake they head . ( continued ) 83 continued : revise 6/2/94 53a. doctor ( to Iris ) be you sick during pregnancy ? Iris ( confuse , try to be strong ) . . no ...yes ... maybe . I 'mo not sure . I have a vagsh . , . but it go away . holland what about , Cole ? doctor everyone have a little hearing , even the most profoundly deaf . with training , Cole will learn to use what hearing he have leave . treat he a if he 's normal . talk to he as if he can hear you . notice Cole use gasture to help hiaselé ( morb ) ( continued ) 83 ane ee ane 83 84 85 85 a 86 revise yellow 7/22/94 54 . continued : 83 doctor ( cont would ) be understand . let I caution you , do not use they back . gesture will not help he find he place in a hearing world . when he 's older , there be school that will help he and you to find he voice . Holland and Iris sit there , numb ... the word have seem like gibberish . omit 84 * omit 85 * int . holland house - cole's room - night 85a Cole sleep soundly in he bed as the camera find Holland with he arm around Iris , tear in they eye , watch Cole sleep . int . classroom ~ day 86 Holland stand at the front of the classroom . a piece of music write by Beethoven play on he record player . holland because Beethoven could not hear , the think of he compose , let alone conduct be anethma to he critic . to answer they he compose and conduct the 7th . ( Holland start to conduct ) imagine he , on the podium , baton in hand move gracefully through the air . the orchestra in he head play beautifully , but the orchestra in front of he furiously try to stay with he . Holland pause , he voice grow heavy with emotion . holland there be a school of think that say that in order to write he music , he saw off the leg on he piano so that the body lay flat on the ground . he would then lie down ... next to the piano , put he ear to the ground and pound out the note ... try to feel they through the vibration from the floor . ( continued ) 86 revise Tan 8/10/94 55 . continued : 86 Holland stand there and look at Ralph . holland ( softly ) Beethoven be not bear deaf . Holland turn and put a record on the phonograph . the Beatles ' " a Day in the life " begin - 86a int . house - night 86a Holland , Iris and meister sit in the live room listen as a day in the life come to a end . Holland and Iris sigh with satisfaction . meister I do not get it . I mean ...‘* now we know how many hole it take to fill the Albert Hall " . what do that mean ? Iris it 's poetry , meister . holland it 's genius . musically the album reference everything from classical to English music hall . when I listen to this I know I can not aspire to anything less . meister yeah , well ... I like it . but I do not get it . Holland and Iris look at one another . they be both try to keep straight face . 87 int . classroom - morning 87 Holland put a photo of the Beatles on the Wall . Holland look closely at Lennon . Holland and Lennon be wear the same kind of glass . 88-92 omit 88-92 93 int . kitchen - day 93 Iris and three year old Cole sit on the kitchen floor surround by everyday object . she be point to a ball . Color seep back in and the world come to life . Holland be stick three by five card on different household item in the kitchen , i.e. , refrigerator , toaster , etc . ( continued ) * ee + eee + + ee ee * revise Tan 8/10/94 ssa , 93 continued : 93 Iris this be the stove . ( enunciate clearly ) stove . + Iris take he hand and place it on she throat . Iris stove ... stove . Holland quickly write on another card . he tap Cole on the shoulder . ( continued ) 93 93a 93b 93¢ 94 , ravise 6/2/94 56 .- {cont inued ) continued : 93 holland . dad . . Holland stick a card on he forehead and point to himself . holland dad . Cole clap he hand with excitement . 's soth Cole and Iris anile and giggle . int . ' the house - night 93a Holland sit at the piano , quietly work . ext . road - day 93b '' a '70 plymouth with a " studenc Driver 's sign fly around the * corner . * ext . road - day 93c * a ' 71 plymouth back through frame . we hear a off stage * crash . * 9s omit 94 , 95 ° a 94 . 96 continued : 96 , 97 become 106c and 106d move ede flin nie ( continued ) 94 , 95 96 , 97 o~ '' revise orchid 6/10/94 98~101 omit 102 . ext . the high school - day ' scene tbd . will indicate that it be April 1972 . 103 . int : the classroom - day 98-101 102 103 we start on a poster of John Lennon which be include in wall of fame of other poster , Beethoven , gershwin , coltrane and impressionist painting ( Monet and cezanne - like ) . camera pull out to see : holland blindfolds on ! giggle , the class put on blindfold . Holland move to a record player . he put down the needle . debussy ( image ) fill the room . holland tell I what you hear . miss Wayne . girl # 1 ...boat . boat on the water . a sloppily dress boy , richard stadler , have he blindfold cover just one eye . stadler or in a bathtub . depth -charge ! boeosch ! holland do not even start , Mr. stadler . ( a moment ) time of day . Mr. McKenzie ? boy # 1 sunset . stadler lunchtime . shush from the other student . holland what 's in the boat . ( continued ) 103 revise orchid 6/10/94 63 . continued : boy # 2 fisherman . holland where be they ? boy # 3 adrift . holland what do they see ? girl # 2 billow cloud . girl # 3 huge wave . boy # 3 a storm be come . holland what be they think about ? girl # 3 they family . boy # 2 be ft gonna. die ? girl # 1 I be alone . I be surround by other people but I be alone . and there 's only this moment . . stadler listen to yourself . no wonder you be alone . Holland 's jaw tighten in anger . the bell ring , end class . Holland lift the needle from the record . . holland see you all tomorrow . ( and then : ) Mr. stadler , I would like a word with you . yet again . stadler stop , startle . as if to show he 's not worried , he make a goofy face at a girl . {continued} 103 104 105 105 a leave . hclland what 's you problem , Mr. stadlin ? stadlid Problem ? last time I look = have a a in this class . holland I be not talk about you grade , I '' talk about you attitude . stadlin gimme a break . holland no . you give I one . from now on , you shut the hell up in my class unless I ask you a question . get it ? stadlin half neds and turn to exit . omit 104 ext . child be zoo - day 105 Iris be sit on a bench . Cole be play with a couple of other kid . [ Iris watch as a new kid come up to Cole . Cole ignore he . one of the other kid cell the boy that Cole can not hear or talk . Iris glance away . she suddenly freeze ; see something . a young woman have bring she little girl to the zoo . the little girl have heavy hea'ring aid in she ear , they be talk to one another - the little girl signing - the mother speak and signing . each gesture fill with word . Iris rise . in front of a exhibit - 105 a the woman be describe the exhibit to she daughter when Iris approach . Iris Excuse I ? the woman turn . ( continued ) lisa continue : Iris Zo couldn' help suc ... 2s you child deat ? the wcman ( coolly polize ) yes. why ? the woman continue to sign every word for ner daughcar . tris I don ‘c mean to , uh ... my son ... be too . Iris gesture . the woman look over to where Cole be play with - buc apart from - the other kid . Iris uhm ... could I ... buy you a cup of coffee .. or something ? the woman be now all sympachy . 106 ° int . holland home - evening 106 Iris make dinner . Holland be set the table . Cole be play on the floor with a toy car . holland a private school ? Iris she say it 's the best , that they be ten year ahead of any place else in the state . holland they be probably more expensive than any place else in the state . Cole rise , move to the fridge . he open it , be look for something . Iris but if it 's the bese - holland I be just worried about where we be go to find the money , that 's all . Iris be silent . Holland can tell she 's get upset . ( continued ) y 106 revise vechhig of 7/94 66 continued : holland I mean , I be sure the place be great but I worry , okay ? Cole turn to Iris , seem to be ask for something . she move to the : fridge , Iris what be it , honey ? juice ? she get a bottle of juice . Cole shake he head . he want something else - he 's try to say something . Iris what be it ? show I . '' holland they be ... signing , huh ? Iris * yes . the school emphasize it . for the parent too . Cole can not find what he want . he ask for it again - louder . Iris I do not know what you want , sweetheart . applesauce ? . holland Dr. sorenson say gesture mean - Iris it 's not just gesture - holland - Cole would never learn to lip read or talk . Cole begin to cry - he want something . Iris but he be not ! after four year with sorenson , he know four or fives word - barely ! Cole begin to kick at Iris . Iris be on the verge of tear . Iris honey , I do not know what you - ( continued ) . 106 revise yellow 7/22/94 67 . 106 continued : 106 . holland a . the guy 's a specialist , Iris . Iris who. treat deaf people like they be retarded ! and he 's not , he 's - Cole throw himself on the floor , howling now , angry and frustrated . irt Cole ! holland what 's he want , give he what he want ! Iris I do not know what he want ! I do not understand what he 's try to tell I ! holland Iris - Iris shut up , just - ! do not you get it ? no , you go off to school every day where all the child be normal . I can not talk to oo my child ! TI do not what he want or feel or think ! I can not tell he I love he , I can not even tell who I be ! I want to talk to my son ! I do not care what it cost or if some stupid doctor think it 's right or wrong ! I want to talk to my son ! she kneel and gently stroke the sobbing Cole . Iris it 's okay , honey . it 's okay , Cole -man . momma 's here . there 's hurt in Holland 's eye . he blink it away . 106a omit 106a * 106b omit 106b * 106c omit 106d omit cz revise yellow 7/22/94 68. 106c * 106d * ~ 106 106d wo co revise 6/2/94 68a . int . hallway - day 106cr Holland approach a classroom . anxious student line the :halla . loud voice from inside . Holland hurry in . wolter ( v.0 . ) if the President say the Ho chi Minh trail go through Cambodia - pierce ( v.0 . ) he 's lie . int . classroom - continuous 106d * the claas be pack with scudent . two student , jon pierce , 18 , wild hair , and debra morton , 17 , birkenstock to the core . represent the Student Strike Council . wolter and helen Jacobs and other faculty member sit at the front of the room . Holland make he way to the front and sit in the chair meiscer 's be save for he . wolter he 's get the picture , how can you dispute the evidence - morton he 's annihilate thousand of people everyday - wolter you do not know that - morton = and we school have to make a stand ! shout of agreement . wolter people ... wolter be shour down . mbistbr ( to holland} you be late . . wolter let 's have some order here ! {to Jacobs ) that be absurd . we job be to educate this people , not debate foreign policy with they . ( continued ) 106d continued : revise 6/2/94 jacob gene - : morton : there will not be any education , not if we do not go to class ! the student roar with approval . wolter do not threaten I , miss Morton , not if you want co get into Stanford . booa for wolter . applause . morton we demand that you address we bill of xvighes ! wolter rideg over ic , wolter ( hold up a paper ) and I would like to remind all of you , you do not have a ' right * to any of this . ( refer to the document ) censure Nixon , abolish junior rotc because it 's fascistic . stop play we school go at graduation ... morton none of we want to sing about die for Kennedy High . meister ( mutter to Holland ) I do not blame be . lousy song . holland wait , wait a minute ... what 's this ? wolter the student wish to sing - ( look at the paper ; with distaste ) revolucion ... by ' Lennon " - how appropriate - at thia year 's graduation ceremony . xennedy forever be bage on mozart . morgan Lennon ia we mozart ! 68b . ( continued ) 106d revise 6/2/94 68c. 106d continued : cheer . . wolter be that what you teach they ? holland maybe to they , he be . pierce right on . wolter five year from now , no one will remember jonn lenrion or the Beatles . holland fifty year from now they will . the student all loudly agree . wolter call for silence to no avail . jacob all right , that 's enough . she get up . now fully in charge . jacob I say that 's enough ! silence . jacob we be go to work this out . the faculty be go to give you student a great voice in school policy . 's wolter helen - ° jacob but you be not go to force we to abandon we tradition . ( pause ) T propoge that Mr. Holland be the arbiter on all isaueg on you bill of rights . cheer of approval . Holland look horrify . holland wait. what ? no - ( continued ) 106d revise 6/2/94 6an. 106d continued : 1060 pierce we accept chat ! holland mra. Jacobs , excuse mar , I - jacob then it 's decide . with we will - meet in my office after school this afternoon and we will begin . holland I really do not have - jacob in the mean time , let 's get to class ! holland I do not have che time ! too late . the student be already exite . jacob thank you very much for you help , Mr. Holland . Holland look after she in amazement . she 's do it again , revise 6/2/94 69 . 107 int . music room = day 107 - Holland be conduct the orchestra as they play ' sleepers wake 's . Holland seem to be transport with the music as he ' fluidly guide the orchestra . tris enter , quietly , with Cole . Holland turn to see she . she mouth the word , ' we be go to be late 's . Holland nod then turn back to the orchestra . he conduct with great sweep motion of hig armg . Cole watch he father . he be fascinate with he arm movement . he begin to imitate they . Holland close he eye for the last few bar . Cole do the same . the music end , but Cole continue to conduct , he eye still close . he have not hear the music stop . tha student break into amused giggle . nothing cruel about the laughter but Holland watch he son and hide the hurt . 108 int . school for the deaf - classroom - day 108 Cole , Iris , Holland and mrs . tatenhove , Dean of the Turner School for the deaf , sit in the back of class of five and six year old watch a teacher conduct a show and tell . the teacher sign as he speak . the child be attentive ; they react with enthusiasm and excitement - they finger fly as they sign with one another . Holland can not help bue notice that Cole watch in rape attention . at a signal from tacenhove , they all rise and exit the class . *™ _ 109 int . school build - day 109 they come out of the class and walk down a long hallway together . Mrs. tatenhove sign as she speak . mrs . tatenhove I be pleased to say that Cole have pass all of we test with fly color . Iris so 's you school , Mrs. tatenhove . he like it . mrs . tatenhove then we all have reason to be pleased . . holland let 's discuss tuition . ia there some government assistance ? mrs . tatenhove I be afraid not . Holland Iris look at one another . c7 " ( continued ) om 109 continued : revise 6/2/94 tris we will take care of it . ( eagerly ) how long will it be before we can speak to Cole . how long will it take he to sign ? tatenhove not as long as it will take the two of you . Children learn quickly . but adult , well ... so much depend on what they put inco it . tris when can we begin ? tatenhove ( move on ) we next intensive program - we gear it toward parent - start in June . it 's three month , gix hour a day . Glenn groan ingide . where do he find the time ? tatenhove we encourage it . the most important teacher you child will have be you . Iris Mrs. tatenhove ? how do you say mother ? tatenhove like this . Iris kneel to face Cole . 110-11 omit Iris Cole ? mother . I be you mother , Cole . 70 .. 109 110-11 112 revise yellow 6/4/94 71 . int . music classroom - day . 112 Holland be at the record player . some bach harpsichord music be play . holland alright , who do we think bach be write this for ? hand go up . Holland choose someone who have not raise a hand . bobby tidd be a big , clean - cut lock kid . holland Mr. tidd , join in . tidd uh ... lurch on the Adams family ? laughter . tidd grin . so do Holland , stadler . lurch !? hah ! you be the lurch ! lurch of the brain . more laughter . tidd turn on stadler angrily . * tidd how about I lurch you face , freak ! stadler any time you want to try - tidd start out of hig desk . holland Mr. tidd , one more step and you will think you be bear in detention . tidd stop ; settles back into he seat . holland thank you , Mr. tidd . sometimes the only way to deal with pest be to ignore they . laughter . but this time it 's direct at stadler . he * do not like it . the bell ring . the atudenta rise , holland page 280 to 314 for tomorrow . Mr , stadler , front and center , . stadler stop . he stand there . Holland wait until the . other have leave . {continued} co revise yellow 6/4/94 72 , 4112 continued : 112 holland stone again , Mr. stadler ? * stadler * look , I do not even nead this class . I ace the final on this stuff tomorrow . I can give you the name , the date . I know all about you scale , mode , counterpoint - holland you know what my answer to that be ? so what . the class be music apreciation . you do not seem to appreciate much of anything . stadler '' aw , this be such lame bullshit ... he turn to leave . holland I be about this close to suspending you , kid - ait down ! stadler sit . * holland all right , you think you be so smart ? pine , prove it . I want a sixty page Paper . typewritten , double -space , on my desk by the end of the term . the subject : Music - the Language of emotion . stadler . you can not make I do that ! holland you do not do this paper , I ' 11 flunk you . stadler + that 's not fair . holland welcome to the real world , kid . a student pokea she head in the door . holland yes ? ( continued ) revise 6/2/94 73.. 112 . continued : 113 cm the girl enter , hand Holland a note . he read it . the energy seem to drain out of he . he look at che girl . holland thank you . tall Mrs. Jacobs 1'11 take care of it . the girl leave . Holland turna away , close he briefcase . stadler be I release yet ? holland ( a moment ) not quite . meet I here , Saturday , ten a.m , stadler why ? holland --- tasearch , Holland exit without a backward glance . ext . haviland cemetery - day Iris , Cole , Holland and stadler be at a military funeral : flag-drape coffin , color guard . family and friend be gather around the grave . the minister speak in a low voice , the service already in progress . stadlin stare in uncertainty . stadler T do not get it , what be we do here , what 's go on ? Holland lead stadler to within a few yard . the minister €inishea speak . meister , in a ill-fitting suit , step forward . his hairline be start to recede . he begin to read from a poem - ' in flander field 's , by John mccrae . stadler who 's the guy ? the one ... you know . holland just some boy I teach to bang a drun . his name be Lou Russ . he be a achlete . he make the atate wrestle final three year run . he be not as amart ag you be . he have to work to aven Graduate . maybe that 's why it meane so much co hin . ( continued ) 112 113 eneea ~ , 123 114 continued : + gunshet ! the noise startles stadlin . it 's the saluce from the honor guard . '' tap " play . stadlin turn . it 's booby tidd on a rise a short distance away . everyone cry . the stolid father , the drain mother , the brother . '' tap '' die away . holland Bobby tidd - '' lurch '' - isn 's a good horn player . he 's lucky the bugle nas only one key . buc he 's play well for today . you can go now . stadlin hesicates , chen turn and walk away . Holland move forward . family and friend be leave the grave . meister remain . Holland walk across the grass and stand next to he . they do not need to look at one another . meister hi , Glenn . holland you okay ? meister shrug . they stand in silence . Holland find himself look at the sea of headstone that surround they . many of they have a common thread - a metallic american and vietnamese flag cross in the ground in front of the marker . holland what a waste . meister begin to sob . meister we know too many of this kid . Holland throw a comforting arm around meister shoulder . holland come on , let 's get out of here . they turn away . they walk towards the car . upahead Holland see stadlin approach Bobby tidd . he say something . they shake hand . int . gymnasium , day 114 '' good. luck class of 1972 " . the orchestra play where have all the flowers gone , Holland conduct . Iris and Cole sit together ; Cole pay no attention . a good number of the ( continued ) ( 114 ccntinued : _ student wear black armband over they graduation gowns , and button that say , " stop the War '' . 115 ext . the high schcol - day the ceremony be over and everyone be milling around . back slapping , hug . tear , handshake , and kiss . flashbulb pop . Holland be grab by one student afcer the other to pose for a pnoto . tidd and two ocher graduate run over . tidd hey , Mr. Holland ! they lift they robe to they thigh . tidd / other student we do not have pants on ! and they run off look for someone else to shock . meister approach . meister they have gym short on , I check . holland you be a brave man than I be , gunga Din . meister dinner tonight ? holland why should tonight be different than any other Saturday night ? meister : I will bring the beer and ice cream . and now Mrs. Jacobs be approach . jacob Mr. Holland ! a word ! holland Mrs. Jacobs ! from you , it 's never just a word ! they smile warmly at one another . and she take he arm . they walk . {cont inued ) wo CA 115 115a revise 6/2/94 76 .- cont inued : 115 mrs . jacob ~- everytime a class graduate , I feel like I be loge family . the agree ; a moment } what be you plan for the gummer ? holland the usual . the clyde crashcup School of Driver 's - Ed await . how about you ? jacob I '' go to be very busy . holland really ? jacob I have garden to plant , grandchildran to visit . I be retire , mc. Holland . holland ( stop ) you be what . jacob I have bean promise my husband I would for several year now . it 's time . 1 have something for you . a momento , if you will . she hand he a small box . Holland open it - it 's a small , gold compass . I be honore . jacob Mr. Holland , of all the teacher at Kennedy High , you be my favorite . sha lean forward and kiss he cheek . and then she turn and melt away into the crowd . and Holland 's attention be draw to something . gene wolter . people seem to be congratulate he , ext . road ~ oay l1 sa * a succesgion of car , gremlin , pacer , etc. hop , spin , glide . through frame . they all have the ' Student priver * sign on * o~ con revise 6/2/94 76a. 116 xt . kennedy high - day 116 kid throw a frisbee in front of the school . student be go into the school . in the background a \sign read " welcome back CLASS of 1980 " 117 revise pink 7/18/94 77 . int . faculty dine lounge - day a group of teacher sit around a cafeteria table . Mr. wolter sit at the head . the beam , chubby , overly make - up ms. olmstead , ( about 35 ) be the senior class advisor . wolter all right then ... next on we agenda ... the senior class play . olmstead yes . after we critical success with '' the Scottish play " last year - meister make a moo- sound . olmstead glare at he . olmstead - Mr. Holland and I have come up with the most wonderful idea for this year 's production . we be go to do | a George and ira gershwin review . wolter I know this will bother some of you but I think we should eliminate the senior play altogether this year . the teacher all react with alarm . holland do this bother anyone ? be you nut ? wolter the purpose of this meeting , people , be to discuss thing that will keep money in the school coffer , not take it away . holland at the expense of what ? this show be part of they education and it be we responsibility to provide that education . ( continued ) 117 eee se * vo 117 continued : revise pink 7/18/94 wolter I have a responsibility too . to the board of education and the taxpayer . there just be not enough money to fund thing like this . not anymore . now , move to the next item on we agenda - meister Excuse I , gene ? wolter yes , ahem , Bill . meister : I think I could guarantee that the show would make we money . wolter I be listen . meister if I get some of my football player to be dancer in the play , I bet people would come out in drove just to see they fall on they ass . olmstead I do not want to turn this into a farce . meister it would not . we would make sure they be as good as the June Taylor dancer . surprise the hell out of everyone . ' wolter and who. would teach they ? meister me. wolter you ? meister gene , I minore in modern dance . holland : he minore in modern dance , gene . meister football coach insisted . it make we - ( a graceful gesture ) - graceful . 78. 117 * et ee CA 118 omit '' revise pink 7/18/94 tba . ( continued ) 118 revise grey 6/30/94 79 . 118 continued : 118 119 int . rehearsal room ~ day 119 audition . meister , olmstead and Holland sic at a table together . intercut they reaction as : a girl ( off key ) the way you sip you tea . cur to a girl . ( even more off - key ) the memory of all that . CUT to : a fun boy ( ethel merman -esque ) no , no ! they can not take that away from I ! . ( continued ) 119 revise grey 6/30/94 continued : a girl {pretty good ) the way you smile just beam . a girl ( incredibly off - key ) the way you sing off key . a boy the way you haunt my dream . a fun girl ( ethel merman -esque ) no , no ! they can not take that away from I . they finish together . sort of . holland - Nice .. thanks . ( quietly ; to olmstead ) we have no juliette . . 80 . CUT to : CuT to : CUT to : CUT to : ( continued ) 119 at se ee 119 revise grey 6/30/94 a1. continued : olmstead ( with quiet confidence ) we still have one or two other people to see , . holland billy faraday can pull off gershwin but the close thing we have to juliette so far be Todd markham and I really do not think the parent , the board of Ed or billy faraday be ready for juliette to be do in - > and then rowena morgan begin to sing '' someone to watch over I '' . Holland turn and stare . rowena look as pretty as she voice - young , confident . olmstead ( she know this be come ) juliette ? meister yeah , but can she move . olmstead give he a look . Holland just stare . rowena finish . holland very nice , miss , uh ... rowena Morgan . rowena Morgan . holland mery nice . Morgan ... ? do I have you young sister in in my class a couple of year ago ? rowena that be I . holland you have ... get older . rowena 's friend all giggle . rowena grin .. holland let 's , uh ... get billy faraday back in here .... 119 cr 120 revise grey 6/30/94 81a. int . holland house , night Holland be at the piano transpose music for '' a even with gershwin " . Iris and 14 year old Cole come into the house . holland ( he mind on he work ) hi ... ( more ) ( continued ) 120 revise grey 6/30/94 82. 120 continued : 120 holland ( cont would ) . ( a moment ) how be the Science Fair ? ”™ Iris Fine . we miss you . Cole start signing quickly . Holland try to follow . holland ( confuse ) huh ? you want to go to the - what ? Iris ( Iris now sign as she speak ) star . you son discover astronomy tonight . Cole continue signing . holland whoa . you be like a rocket here . slow down . Iris he want to be a astronaut . holland o~ oh ... well , good .... Cole grin and run off towards the kitchen . holland ( concerned ) who put that stuff in he head . rtris as a matter of fact , he teacher . Holland turn back to he work . Iris / I think you be go to meet we . : holland I want to bur ... I have to have this orchestration ready for the kid by the end of the week . a gershwin revue . maybe you and Cole will come see it . Iris . ( a moment ; quietly ) . it 's always something , be not it . cm ( continued ) 120 continued : 122 Holland stop : be very quiec . Iris if ‘it be not a school play , it 's grade papers or band practice or some student committee that need a advisor ... holland ... miss a science fair be not the end of the world . Cole watch now through a crack in the door . tris maybe you do not hear I this morning - holland T hear you . I always hear you . Iris - he want you to be there tonight . holland you know what 's amazing ? no matter what I do , no matter how hard I try , I always end up be wrong - Iris why be every other other child more important than we child ? holland I be a teacher , Iris - Iris you be he father - holland I be both ! I do one thing , I let he down , I do another thing , I let the school down . where the hell be I suppose to find the time to be everything to everybody , huh ? Iris you make priority - holland I make be ! he 's my son , I love he , I do the best I goddamn can , okay ? ( continued ) c7 120 121 revise Green 7/26/94 84 , continued : Iris at this minute , I do not happen to think you best be good enough . so go on , write you music . she exit . holland my music !? I would love to ! who have the time ! ( softly ; to himself ) who have the time ... int . auditorium - late afternoon student sit in the auditorium watch as Mrs. olmstead stage rowena through " someone to watch over I " . rowena be sing it beautifully but without a certain * something " . she finish . olmstead that be perfect , dear . Mr. Holland ? holland that be ... okay . rowena 's face fall . holland let 's talk a minute . he take she off to one side . rowena I be try to sing my best ... holland you have already do that ; I want you to go past that . what do you think the singer be feel here ? rowena I do not know . holland well , you have to know or you can not sing it . the song be wistful . the song be about the fact of love in you gut . this girl be alone in the cold world and what she would like more than anything be for someone to hold she close and tell she everything be go to be alright . to ( more ) ( continued ) '' 120 121 eee ee 121 continued : revise Green 7/26/94 holland ( cont would ) love someone , miss Morgan , to turn , to unexpectedly see he . it 's a sharp pain in you heart , you have no breath , you blood pound . have you ever love anyone like that ? 84a . ( continued ) 121 eee eh 121 122 revise orcnla o/ 9/74 continued : 121 rowena shake she head . holland liar . sing this song to that person , miss Morgan . ( turn away ) let 's take it from the top ! he jump off the stage as the song begin again . he sit next to meister . meister she as good as I think she be ? holland better . she 's a natural . rowena see Holland watch she . she smile . omit 122 * on revise grey 6/30/94 122 continued : she move around the car and get in . 85a. ( continued ) 122 revise orchid 8/9/94 86 . 123 . int . coffee shop - late afternoon Holland sit in a quiet booth , work on he music . his coffee cup be empty . he look for a waitress . his attention be draw across the restaurant . at a far table , a group of kid be just leave . rowena be among they . Holland go back to work . rowena come back inside . she be alone . rowena hi , Mr. Holland . holland hello , miss Morgan . rowena what be you work on ? holland ( hesitant ) nothing important . he move the papers aside . holland sometimes I work better here than at home . . rowena would you mind if I join you ? rowena sit . holland . not at all . would you like some coffee , tea , yak milk ... rowena laugh . rowena that 's one of the thing I remember about you class , Mr. Holland . you have this very highly develop sense of humor . holland thank you . rowena I love you class . the way you teach . really . I always want to tell you that . { continued ) 123* ete eet +t ee the on 123 continued : silence . revise orchid 8/9/94 87 . holland I be glad you do . and then : holland so ... a senior . any thought on where you want to go to college yet ? rowena no , my Mom and dad own a little restaurant downtown . my dad 's dream . he want I to stay and help he with it . holland what would you like to do ? rowena what do you mean ? holland if a genie come to you right now and grant you one wish , what would it be ? rowena sing . I think I would rather sing than do anything . sometimes I dream about go to New York , be on stage in front of thousand of people . that 's what I would wish for . holland do it . rowena what ? holland go to New York . sing . I would not say this to anyone if it be not true . you have talent , miss Morgan . if you have the passion , the hunger for something , then you should do it . rowena . no one 's ever say anything like that to I . holland - have I make you feel uncomfortable . ( continued} 123 * the ee cad * tee eee + +e the the + af revise orchid 8/9/94 87a , 123 . continued : 123 rowena be you kid ? it 's nice to be able to talk about the thing that you want and not have people laugh at you . tf can not do that with a lot of people . holland now you know you have somebody you can talk to . . rowena can I ask you something . be teach you be passion . holland sometimes .... a waitress come up and ask if they want anything . rowena no ... I should get go . see you Monday , Mr. Holland . holland good-night , miss Morgan . ee eee eat revise orchid 8/9/94 8b . 124 omit 124 125 ° omit 125 * 126 int . holland house - day 126 a week end afternoon . Holland be doodling at the piano . he stop , think . he rise . he move to he desk and open a drawer . he take out a sheaf of papers . the opus . he look at it a moment . he suddenly stop , smell something . 127 . in the kitchen ~ 127 Cole be work at the kitchen table on a huge model car . Iris be baking . 128 in the live room - . 128 ' holland could you take that outside ? I be get high in here . 128a in the kitchen - 223a a . Iris go open the window for he . cole why do not he ? Iris hey . do not bust my butc . Cole grin and leave the kitchen . 128b in the live room 128b Holland have return to the piano and set down the opus . Cole enter . pause a moment . smile mischievously to himself . and start throw open window . a blast of air sweep Holland 's papers off the piano . Music sheet blow around the room . holland ( yell ) hey ! stop ! Cole yank open the front door ~~ holland Cole ! Holland try to stop he papers as Iris enter to see what 's go on . the papers be fly everywhere . holland Close the window ! Close the window ! Iris hurry to close the front door . paper be everywhere . holland I do not believe this ! Cole !? Cole be look innocently away from Holland . holland Cole , look at I . Iris he do not do it on purporse . ( continued ) 128b continued : 222 hclland a be you kid ? you bec he do . '' Iris ( speak and signing ) help clean up . Cole grab some papers , wadding they . holland careful , Cole ! Cole ignore he . he reach for more papers . Holland grab he . holland wait ! ( signing ) I will do it myself ! Cole sign very quickly - too quick for Holland . holland . what ? aw , for - help I here . Iris . he say he 's only try to help . ~~ holland I know , but he 's make a bigger mess than there already be . Iris do not tell I , tell - holland how can I , when he 's ignore I !? Iris Cole ! you father 's talk to you . Cole turn to Holland - reluctancly . holland ( speak and signing ) off limit . understand ? do not touch . Iris that be '' do not sit " 'a ( continued ) revise grey 5/30/94 91 . 128b continued : 128b holland do not touch ! Cole and Iris leave a mutter Holland and return to the kitchen . 128c in the kitchen - 128 '' Iris do you do it on purpose ? Cole shrug and look away . and then he sign something . tris it be not a joke to he . Cole sign again . Iris he 's angry because the papers be very , very important to he . 128d in the live room 128d Holland pick up the last of the opus . he look at the stack of paper a moment . he stuff it in he briefcase . o~ 129 int . rehearsal hall - evening 129 rowena be sing '' you can not take ' that away from me*. Holland be accompany she on the piano . rowena the way you hold you knife , the way you dance ' till three , the way you change my life ... holland do not push it now ... let I hear she strength ... rowena no , no ! they can not take that away from I . no! they ... and she run out of breath . holland do not forget to breathe , miss Morgan . we do not want you fainting on stage . cm ( continued ) '' revise grey 6/30/94 gla . 129 continued : 129 rowena - you would rush up out of the orchestra and on revive I , Mr. Holland . c= ( continued ) on , i revise grey 6/30/94 $ 2. 129 continued : Holland smile . rowena never take she eye off he . Holland glance ac he watch . holland . well ... I think it 's time to call ita night . rowena can not we do ' someone to watch over I " ? what you say ... about not be innocent , I have be ... work on it . Holland hesitates ... talk about suddenly feel confuse ... holland it 's late . rowena next time then . he begin to gather he thing . rowena move to the piano to gather she music . there 's some other music behind it . she look at it . it 's the music papers Holland stuff in he briefcase . rowena what 's this ? holland hmm ? ( embarrassed ) oh , just ... nothing , something I work on occasionally . '' rowena you write this ? holland I pick at it once in a while . . rowena play some for I ? Holland hesitates , then sit and begin to play . rowena move to Holland 's shoulder to look at the sheet music . she begin to sing . Holland listen , mezmerize at the sound of he music sung by this lovely voice . rowena it 's wonderful . be there more ? ( continued ) 129 * 129 129a 129b 130 revise yellow 7/22/94 93 . continued : 129 holland it 's not finish ... rowena can . I see it when it be ? holland ..- I would like you to . they be stare at one another . he feel like he 's go to start drown in that eye . Toby klein appear in the doorway . toby ro , you do yet ? Holland look up . so do rowena . the moment be break . rowena be we ? Holland nod . rowena exit . holland see you at rehearsal tomorrow ... rowena . a look back - and then she 's go . Holland turn back to the sheet music . he begin to read it through again . he sit and begin to play . the music continue as : int . holland house , night 129a Holland work at the piano , inspire . omit 129b * omit 130 * revise yellow 7/22/94 94 . 131 ° omit 131 cps 4310 omrr 131a * 132 omit 132 * 132a omit 132a * 133 . int . holland house - night 133 Holland work on he symphony . the manuscript paper be title '' rowena 's theme " . the music end as : Iris who 's rowena ? Holland jerk around , startle . Iris be right behind he . 5 holland huh ? Iris rowena ... who 's rowena ? holland uh , from a legend a ... heroine . you know , norse mythology ... I have the book around here somewhere ... Iris listen , Cole and I would like to come . to the show . if you still want we to . holland sure . open night ? Iris Friday ? I ... have a meeting with one of Cole 's teacher . holland Saturday then . ( continued ) ( 7s 133 134 135 revise yellow 7/22/94 95 . continued : 133 Iris great . and to Holland 's pleasant surprise , Iris kiss he on the cheek . she exit . omit 134 * int . backstage - night 135 the cast be assemble . miss olmstead be a nervous wreck . olmstead it 's just like dress rehearsal , only people ! you know you line , you know you music , please try to remember you step ! and remember , if you make a mistake , keep go ! rowena have a dozen rose she display for the other girl . girl 1 from Toby ? rowena my parent . rowena peek through the curtain . Holland be in the front , go over last minute thing with the orchestra . rowena pssst . Mr. Holland ! Holland look up . rowena part the curtain and throw he a rise . he catch it . and then she 's go . ao 136-37 omit revise grey 6/30/94 96 . 136-37 138 int . stage ~ night 138 the light go down . Holland conduct the orchestra in a overture medley ( make up from three gershwin song we have license ) . the curtain go up revealing a theatre set . a student narrator appear center stage narrator . George gershwin be bear Sept. 26 , 1898 . he be one of the most original voice in american music . his music have dominate Broadway , the pop chart , and the very heart of America . tonight George . gershwin visit Kennedy High hope to discover a new star ... 139 140 141 142 during the narrator 's introduction , stage light come up revealing a student actor play George gershwin in a box seat . he wave to the audience . they applaud . a flurry of activity and the stage light reveal the football player do a very athletic version of '' I get Rhythm " . what they lack in technique they make up for in enthusiasm . when they be do the audience burst out in applause . from the orchestra , Holland look up and share a smile with meister who be sit in the first row . int . stage - night rowena sing '' they can not take that away from I " . she play it to Holland , sing she heart out . Holland have the rise in he lapel . . omit int . stage - night the entire cast be on stage sing '' I get Rhythm " . George gershwin come down from he box seat to welcome he newest star , juliette . int . backstage - night happy post -performance bedlam . hug and attaboys all around . rowena smile at some admirer , turn ... and there 's Holland . she hurry to he ... and hug he . ( continued ) 139 140 141 142 a ee eee ete * eae ee ee * * 136-37 omit revlsea urtrenla o/s/54 76 , ( continued ) 136-37 oo 1 ‘? , stage - NI ~ 38 int . stag ght 138 the light go down . Holland conduct the orchestra in a overture medley ( make up from three gershwin song we have license ) . a flurry of activity and the stage light reveal the football player do a very athletic version of '' I get Rhythm " . what they lack in technique they make up for in enthusiasm . meister and olmstead sit in the audience . olmstead be burst with pride . meister be miming all the move in he seat as he football player dance on stage . wolter be in the audience with he wife . wolter be count the audience . his wife have a calculator and be figure the gross . 139 int . stage - night 139 rowena and billy sing and dance to " they can not take that away from I " . she play it to Holland , sing she heart out . Holland . lead the orchestra . tremendous applause when rowena and billy finish . oo 140 omit 140 141 int . stage - night 142 the entire cast be on stage sing " I get Rhythm " for the finale of the show . Holland lead the orchestra with great vigor . the applause be enormous . 142 int . backstage - night 142 happy . post-performance bedlam . hug and attaboys all around . rowena smile at some admirer , turn ... and there 's Holland . she hurry to he ... and hug he . : , rowena how be I .... the truth . holland you be great . co '' * ammaseo vicnla of sis j6a , 142 continued : 142 rowena I owe it to you . holland no . * I just play the accompaniment . rowena hesitates . she pull Holland off to the side ; look to see if anyone be watch . rowena Mr. Holland , I be do what you say , I be go to New York , I be go to be a singer . ° ( continued ) 142 continued : t4z holland {a moment ) someday we will all be able to say we know you 's when . we will say - rowena no , you do not understand . I be go tomorrow night . holland ... what ? rowena there 's the party at miss olmstead 's after we close the play . I will be there - to sort of say goodbye cto my friend . they do not know that bue - the bus leave from downtown at midnight . I be go to be on it . holland rowena ... when I say you should go ... I do not mean right away . you have time . rowena i£ I wait , I will never do it . I will end up wait table or work in some store . it have to be now . a quick look to see that no one be eavesdropp . and chen : rowena come with I . Holland be too shocked to speak . rowena I know you think I 'ma kid . I know you be marry and you have a son . but the thing we bring out in each other , the thing we make each other feel ... I love you . I can make you happy . a girl suddenly approach . girl rowena ! you folk be in the dress room , they be look for you ! rowena thanks ...! I gotta go . ( continued ) bsmesesr veenlad of 7/94 ib . 142 continued : 142 holland . rowena ... “™ rowena I know . it do not give you much time think . but you have to . do not you see ? you be waste you life here . Midnight tomorrow . the bus stop 's at King 's drugstore . ( and once again : ) I love you . she turn and hurry away . 142a int . holland house - day 142a Holland be go through a album of Iris ' old photograph . they be of he - he work musician day ... the day when he think he would do it all ... hearing something , Holland rise . he move to a window . 142b in the driveway 142b Iris and Cole be wash the corvair . Cole spray water at Iris . as Holland watch they get into a waterfight that end in a affedtionate hug . a small smile . Holland turn away from the window . he close the album . a 142 '' omit 142c * 142d int . auditorium - night 142d rowena be sing " someone to watch over I " so as to break you heart . . 142e in the house - 142e Cole get Iris 's attention . Signs something . Iris ( speak and signing ) yes . she 's very good . - revise 6/2/94 99 . 142f in the orchestra pit - . to Holland , tt seem like rowena be sing to he alone , 142 pp int . lobby - later people be exite . Holland be with fris and Cole . holland the kid be have a party , I should make a appearance . ( a beac ) you want to come ? tris I should get Cole home . holland I will try not to be late . 142g int . holland house - night iris be in bed , read . she look up at the sound of a car come down the street . it do not stop ; it pass . Iris glance at the clock next to the bed . aimost midnight . she triea to go back to she book . 143 ext . king drugstore - night a corner drugstore ; close . a sign and bench in the parking lot be the bus stop . rowena sit on the bench , she suitcase at she foot . a sound . she stand , startle . holand walk out into the light . holland if you nre nervous here , wait till you get to New York . she smile - he 's here . but then she realize he 's noc carry any suitcase . a moment . rowena you pack light . holland +» yeah . rowena look creatfallen . Holland sit on the bench next to er . 142f 142fp 142g 143 ( continued ) 143 pm of 143a 1438 cm revise 6/2/94 100 . continued : 143 holland . get a place to stay ? rowena ymca . '' holland here . Holland hand she a slip of paper . holland a address and phone number . a guy I play in a band with . I call , he and he wife be expect you . silence . * rowena * this be not the way I imagine it . * holland . I know . . a bus pull into the parking lot . come to a atop . a long moment . she pick up she bag . she turn to look at he . Holland step forward . he touch rowena 's face with he finger . holland Goodbye , rowena . he kiss she on the cheek . he step back . so much in the . way he 's do this - love , regret , strength - and she answer . rowena board the bus . she look back at Holland as the door close . the bus glide out of the parking lot. int . house - night 143a Holland enter and move through the quiet house . int . bedroom - night 1438 Holland undress in the dark , then slip into bed next to . ris . * ( continued ) revise 6/2/94 100a . 143b continued : 1438 - holland ao T love you . iris I know . she offer he she hand -- he take it . ( continued ) 1438 144 144a 145 revise 6/2/94 101 . continued : £xt . kennedy high - morning winter . the tree be bare . student and teacher arrive . int . the school - continuous Holland enter the building and walk down the hall to he room . one of several student call out when he see Holland . student Mr. Holland ! you hear ? John Lennon be shot last night . kill ! by some nuc ! Holland stop in he track . the kid flow around he . int . rehearsal room - day Holland be rehearse the orchestra . they play , not bad , buc he stop they . he 's try to behave normally but it 's difficult . it 's as if he 's in a daze . holland lady and gentieman ... if I count correctly .... there be sixteen shopping day to the Christmas pageant . right now , that number ... strike terror into my heart . so . we will start again , concentrate this time . and ... they play . better . but suddenly Holland stop conduct . holland I ... class ig dismiss . surprise murmur . the kid leave . hea be leave alone . Holland site at the piano . stare a moment . then he begin ( continued ) 1438 144 144a 145 145 146 revise 6/2/94 102. continued : to play the intro to '' a Day in the life 's . he stop and cover he face with he hand . when he lock up , a dozen atudent have return . student play some more , Mr. Holland . he do . ext . holland house - day Holland pull in the driveway . Cole , now fifteen , work on the corvair . Holland get out of the car . cale look up , emile . he have a black eye . as Holland speak , Cole read he lip . holland hi , Cole . what happen to you eye . Cole sign back - very quickly . holland sorry . lose that . Cole hesitates , then speak as he sign . he 's just understandable . cole a fight . come see what I be do . holland later . Cole make a odd sign - he tap he fist to he temple , thumb extend . and then : cole when ? holland in awhile , I ... someone be kill ... Cole mime hang himeelf . holland no , Cole , do not . Cole mime shoot himself in the head . holland thact 's not funny ! ( continued ) — 145 146 146 147 continueld : 246 Cole stop . see hew upset Holland 's become . cole who be kill ? holland John Lennon . a musician . you would not understand ... Holland go in the house . Cole be very still . int . holland house , day 147 Holland enter : put down he briefcase . Iris be at the dining room table go over a proof sheet of photo . she move co he ; put she arm around he . Iris you okay ? I be so sorry . and suddenly Cole enter . he slam the door behind he . he 's very upset . Iris sweetheart , what happen ? holland Cole ? Cole , what be it ? Cole ignore Holland . he go to Iris , sign quickly . holland he want you to what ? Cole furiously sign something . Iris he want to tell you something and he want to be sure you understand . holland could not we do this later - ? Cole shake he head violently . cole now ! he sign . through the follow Iris translate Cole 's signing for Holland . Cole read Holland 's lip . ( continued ) 147 147a continued : lat tris why do you assume jonn Lennon 's death would mean nothing to I ? do you think I be stupid ? TI know wno John Lennon be . holland I never say he be - Iris {as Cole sign ) I can not read you lip if you do not look at I . holland I never say you be stupid . Iris you must think so if you think I do not know about the Beatles or any music at all . you do not think I would want to know about what you do , what you lové ? you be my father . I know what music be . you could have help I know it better but no - holland Cole - Iris you care more about teach people you hardly know than you do about I . Cole make that odd sign again - he tap he fist to he temple , thumb extend . he turn and hurry from the room . holland what 's this mean ? he make the sign - fist on temple thumb extend . Iris that mean asshole . int . house - night 147a late . Dark . Holland sit at the piano , softly play . Iris enter . Iris come to bed , Glenn . Holland just shake he head . a moment . she come and sit next to he . he stop play . ( continued ) 147a ~ 148 148a 149 om 150 151 152 im revise yellow 7/22/94 105 . continued : 147a holland I always think I be protect he , I do not want he cto be hurt or disappointed . maybe I be the one who do not want to be disappointed . she put a arm around he . he rest against she . int . house - day 148 Holland appear at a window , watch something . in the driveway - 148a Cole be work on the corvair again . he start it up . Holland watch as Cole put a screwdriver to the engine block , then press he temple against it . he adjust the gas ' feed as he " listen " . it suddenly hit Holland just what Cole be do . int . school for the deaf - day 149 Holland and Mrs. tatenhove walk down the hall . Holland talk and gesture as he describe something to she . they stop . tatenhove begin to nod enthusiastically . Holland begin to sign something . tatenhove take he hand and correct he , show he how to sign what he 's try to say . omit 150 * ext . kennedy high - night 151 " Christmas pageant 8:00 p.m. " say the marquee . Iris pull into the parking lot in the vw van , with Cole . they get out and walk toward the gymnasium with other adult and student . Cole suddenly see a friend and laugh , run ahead . Iris now allow she feeling to show - she 's concerned about the evening . int . gymnasium , night 152 a banner be hang over the stage '' welcome Turner School for the deaf * the school orchestra be play . they be set up on the ( continued ) 152 revise 6/2/94 106 . continued : stage . Holland conduct the Beethoven 's fifth . microphone have bean place in fronc of each saction . between the stage and the audience be two row of huge Marshall speaker . on cop of each speaker be a plywood platform with a chair . Cole and other deaf child be seat on the chair . the rest of the audience be seat towards the back of the gym . Iris be seat with mra. tatenhove . Cole holda onto he chair , he eye wide . he and the other deaf kid can feel the music ! some sway to the music . Holland look over he shoulder at Cole -- Cole sit there , obviously concentrate but expressionlegs . the number end . Holland turn on the podium . holland for we final selection tonight , we would like to perform a song by John Lennon ... Holland hand the baton to the student conductor . holland and , uh , for the deaf in we audience , this may be the one time you be grateful for you hearing difficulty - I be go to sing . to the hearing portion of we audience , my profound apology . a ripple of laughter run through the audience . holland and ... on a personal note ... ( signing now ) I would like to deditate thia to my son . Cole do not seam to react . in the audience Iris look uncertain . Holland nod to the student conductor . the music begin . Holland begin to sing . he sign as he go - he 's obviously be practice . holland Close you eye , hava no fear , the monster 's go . he 's on the run and you daddy 's here . beautiful , beautiful , beautiful , beauriful boy . Holland sing and signa to Cole . Cole look away ag if uncomfortable with the spotlight . ( continued ) 182 152 153 154 155 revise yellow 7/22/94 107 . continued : 152 holland before you cross the street take my hand . life be what happen to you while you be busy make other plan . beautiful , beautiful , beautiful Cole . the audience break into applause . Iris have tear in she eye . but Cole and Holland just look at each other ... perhaps the space between they be too vast to be cross . int . kennedy high gym - night 153 Holland shake hand with people as they leave the concert . lot of congratulation . Holland watch Iris and Cole signing with some other deaf child and they parent . omit 154 * omit 155 * int . holland house , night 156 Holland and Iris enter . Cole have place the stereo speaker face up on the floor . a one - by-six have be laid across the speaker and Cole sit on the board , a half - dozen album in he hand . cole nspeak and signing ) show I more . ( continued ) ry revise 6/2/94 108 . 186 continued : 156 Holland look at Iris . he could cry for joy . holland nspeak and signing ) glad to . 157 -s4 @ omit . 157-58 159 xt . kennedy high school - day 159 beginning of the day . the car , the kid , the bus . subtitle - MARCH , 1994 a chevy station wagon pull into the teacher parking lot , Holland , now almost 60 , get out of the car . he look tired . he pick up he bacrer leather briefcase and trudge towards the building . 159a int . CLASS - day 159a Holland hand out test papers . holland Mr. schiff , Mr. goodrich and Ms. grove will see I after class . the three grunger look at they test papers and grimace . 1598 int . music room - later 1598 holland ia it my imagination or be you three intent on flunk . the three , slouch in front of Holland 's desk , glance at one another , be silent . holland you do not contribute to the class , you obviously do not study - schiff what 's to study , man ? holland the last time I look , the name of the class be mugic appreciation . schiff we do not believe in you kind of music . ( continued ) revise 6/2/94 109 . 1598 continued : 1598 holland oo my kind . what kind of be chat ? ( silence ) okay , let 's rephrase the question . whac kind of music do you like ? Holland rise , move to a box of record , tape and cd 's . holland Stone Temple pilot ... metallica ...? he toss tape and cd 's down on the desk . the boy be take a back that Holland should even have they . holland nine inch Nails , Ice - T , Pearl jam. Alice in chain ... come on , Lady and gentleman , pick a place to start from ... goodrich corporate MTV music . schiff mugic to make money . ~ grove , Music should be for people , not buck . holland I happen to agree . gcodrich iomean , anybody should be able to make music . pick up a guitar , wham ! no rule , play from you gut . holland all right . do it . schiff +. do what ? holland pick a go , learn to play it - or write out the music - and you pasa . ( continued ) 7 revise 6/2/94 110 . 1598 continued : 15398 goodrich . how good we gotta play ? : holland that 's my judgmant cail . grove what song ? holland ( look for a tape} I would say ... this might best represent you particular philosophy of music . ha put a record on the record player . " louie -louie * play . it 's nasty , crude but it 's recognizable schiff cool. grove anybody can do thar ... goodrich deal . 160-61 omit 160-61 162 omit 162° ( continued ) : . it 's the fco oo : holl , they be def y more mature . maybe they pick up trays . they look at che food . holland what be that ? meister Turkey spam surprise ? holland if ic be , it 's the same batch from thirty year ago . meister sylvie , can I have extra ? blop ! extra it be . 163 int . administration office - day 163 Holland enter . wolter secretary look up from she desk . holland hi , donna , gene want to see I ? secretary ( suddenly uncomfortable ) he 's with someone . holland I will come back . . secretary Mr. Holland ? you better wait . Holland stop in surprise . and suddenly wolter office door open and olmstead come out . she 's in tear . she look at Holland , then withouc a word , hurry by he . Holland turn back . wolter be in the door to he office . wolter Mr. Holland . come in , please . Holland enter . wolter shucsthedoor . 163a int . wolter office - continuous 163a {cont inued ) revise 6/2/94 112. 163a continued : 163a - holland . of what 's wrong with Sarah ? wolter please , have a seat . holland I will stand , thanks . why be Sarah cry , gene . wolter sit ac he desk , adjust some papers . and then : wolter T will get right to the point . the board of Education meet this last Tuesday to discuss next year 's budget . the meeting wag acrimonious to say the least . be that as it may , each school in the district have be ask to submit 4 proposal as to how it can reduce cost by at lease ten percent by next fall . this 4s the preliminary list . he push a paper across the desk . Holland pick it up , read . the blood seem to drain from he face . holland -~ ... the music program ? wolter and art . and drama . and now Holland sit . he have to . holland well , congratulation , gene . you have be look to get rid of I for thirty year and they finally give you the excuse . wolter I be not as popular as you , I have never be anyone 's favorite anything but I care about this kid just ag much as you do . and lf I be force to make a choice between a student know mozart or know how to read , write and do long division , I be sorry , I come down on the side of long division , os . ( continued ) revise 6/2/94 113.. 163a continued : 162a a moment . Holland rise . . wolter if you need anything ... recommendation ... holland I be sixty year old , gene , what be you gonna recommend next , a good morgue ? {a moment ; the paper ) Jacobs would have fight this . wolter she would of lose . holland but she would of fight it . and I will too . . Holland exit . 164 int . holland house - dusk 164 * Iris and Holland sit at the piano bench together sing ' I * know and Old Lady 's but instead of Holland play the piano , * tris be . they come to a enthusiatic finish . ' they kiss . . Iris see the letter from cola ? ( continued ) revise yellow 7/22/94 114. 164 continued : 164 . holland . mmm . sound like he have some promise 4 student . I wonder if I could teach deaf kid . : Iris you teach one . holland no , you do all the teach . Iris no , you do . holland we do . Iris rise . Iris want some tea ? holland yeah . Iris start for the kitchen . im holland Iris ? she turn back . holland they be cut I . they look at one another for a beat . Iris play the song that make I fall in love with you . ext . holland house - dusk the sun cast its warm light on the Holland house as the faint strain of Iris 's theme drift into the air . 165 -67 op ; 165-67 167a omit 167a * revise yellow 6/4/94 114a. 167a continued : 168 167a voice now - Holland can tell they know what 's happen - that he 's out . in a hallway - 168 as Holland near the rehearsal room he hear voice . schiff ( v.0 . } you nre screwing we up . ( continued ) 169 continued : 53 grove ( v.0 . ) I do not see you doin : any better . he scop . int . rehearsal room , day . 169 Holland enter . the three punk be stand there with they guitar , drum and amp . they be barely speak cto one another . holland so , what 's the problem ? schiff we can not quite figure this one part out ... grove you can not . schiff hey , I do not see you doin 's - kolland gentlemen ... and lady . which part ? the three punk look at each other . grove the whole thing . all we make be noise . schiff not even good noise , goodrich yeah , this song 's hard , man . holland it 's only get three chord , Mr. goodrich . you find a song with less and I will give you a ' a . they look at one another . schiff what 's a chord , man ? and so it come to this . yet again . ( continued ) revise yellow 6/4/94 116 , 169 continued : 169 holland . {a sigh ; back to work ) on sic. down , sportsfan . 170 ) '' omit 170 171 int . town hall - night lta a board of Education meeting . open forum . a lot of concerned parent and angry tax payer . a woman how can you put a dollar value on the future of we child !? man # 1 how can you get blood from a stone !? man # 2 you ask I , we should be cut the teacher 'a salaries ! they only work nine month a year , everyone begin yell at once . the superintendent call for order . Holland , Iris and meister git together in the back , holland i and to think I teach that guy how to drive . meister he play football for I . he be a weenie , : superintendent lady and gentleman , there be no easy choice here . now the order of the evening ig to vote on what we , the school board have determine be expendable . I would like to ask the budget chairman to begin with he recommendation - | ( - '' ( continued ) revise 6/2/94 117 . 171 continued : 171 holland . Excuse I ! I gaid , excuse mee head turn . . people murmur in surprise . superintendent yes ? holland I would like to say a few word on behalf of the people you be about to cut . superintendent be there any objection ? ( silence } the floor be yours . Holland move down front to a small podium . holland I be Glenn Holland . I teach muate at Kennedy High School . ( a moment ) Times be hard . I sure fael it . every time you turn around , someone have they hand out . thank god , my kidis grow and out of the house - we can rent out he toon , eee een some laughter . * holland I understand how difficult the problem you face here tonight be . but I gota tell you something . if this be the best you can do ... do it again . that 's what I tell my student when they be up against a tough problem - do it again . ' because in thei case , you best ig not good enough . eee ethene murmur and grumble from the assembly . holland when people talk about the problem of this crazy world we live in , TI have no ready answer except one . Education . you want a better future for you child - give they the best damn education you can ! een een ( continued ) revise yellow 6/4/94 lala . 171 ° =continued : 1721 man # 2 it 's you job to provide the basic ! holland that 's say we only job in a race be to provide the building block . cut music and Art and Drama , fine . what will there be to read and write about ? word be useless with out idea , number be just number without the imagination to use they . we can survive on bread and water but it do not make for a lifa , superintendent you have fifteen second . holland cut ... be not the solution the the problem . it will add to it . rt will mean a generation of child - you child - who have less ability to think , to create with , to listen . superintendent time . Holland look out into the crowd . he step down . superintendent and now if the budget chairman will take the podium , we will here hig recommendation - the walk up the isle and out of the room . he know he 's ost . . 172 ext . gym - night 172 the school be light up for the senior prom . boy in tux and girl in gowns enter the front door . 173 . int . gymnasium , night the senior prom be in grogress . a studenc disk jockey play the latest hit of 1994 . kid dance in they formal and tux . the song end and a student take the stage . student we get a special treat tonight - I hope . we class advisor - Mr. Holland - cheer and applause - Holland , Iris and meister , the chaperone - acknowledge it . student he pursuade a local band to make they professional debut right here at Kennedy High . lady and dude , you ready ? let 's hear ic for the Dead dwarf ! and the curtain part to show schiff , goodrich , and grove in they leather best . guitar , bass , and drum . holland ( pass out : ) earplugs anyone ? and the band launch into '' louie , louie '' - particularly raucous and obnoxious , but faithful somehow to the kingsman . the kid love it and begin to dance . Holland and the adult have to shout to be hear . meister God , I hate this kind of music . holland I too . Iris I think you love everything . holland uh-uh . he watch they play . the joy , the fun . holland it 's the kid I love . 173a=b omit 173a - B 173c become 171 173c '' mm 174-75 omit ; 174-75 176 int . classroom - the present - day 176 : meister hey . holland what be you do here ? meister ah , y'know . some jock to wash down in the locker room . need some help ? holland no. a moment . meister decide what you be go to do ? holland ~~ I do not know . I be too young to go fishing and too old to start a rock band . maybe I will just hang out a shingle and teach a few piano lesson . meister wish I could retire . man , I would - holland ( sharply ) I be not retire , Bill . I get dumped . ( a moment ) ; and I do not think you have to worry . the day they cut anything from a football . program in this state it will be the death of civilization as we know it . meister they do not know how much they be gonna miss you around here . holland you think so ? ( continued ) 176 l76a 176b continue : meister huh ? holland you really think ? meister you doube it ? holland as a matter of fact , yeah . you work you whole damn life , thirty year , you give up thing , you ... you do , cause you think you be make a difference , you think what you be do matter to people . only to find out it do not . you be expendable . you know , it 's almost funny ? < I go into this gig kick and scream and now that it 's the only thing I want to do - I love it so damn much I would do it for free , Bill - now they be throw I out . God .... I should be laugh . meister sure you do not need any help ? Holland shake he head . meister exit . ext . the school - day , 176a the rope bang against the flagpole . in the classroom - 176b the wall and shelf be bare . Holland be almost finish . he hear the sound of a car horn . he move to the window . his old corvair be outside . the car have be restore perfectly . Iris and a twenty - eight year - old Cole get out . Cole wave . Holland call out the window . holland nspeak and signing ) what be you do here !? cole ( speak and signing ) School 's out for I too ! holland ( speak and signing ) the old car look pretty good . ( continued ) 1763 continued : 1753 177 178 ccle ( speak and signing ) it 's a classic . and you can not have it back . int . classroom - later '' 4 '' a rarr the last of Holland thing be throw in the now full bex . holland ( speak and signing ) you do not have to do this . cole nspeak and signing ) do not want a old fart like you to strain yourself . Holland sign asshole . Cole sign it back . Iris that 's enough , you two , there be lady present . they grin . Cole pick up a box , Holland the briefcase . and they all head out . holland what 's that ? Iris something for you . do not ask . cole a surprise . Holland pause at the door . he look back once . the wall be empty . the room be . bare . he leave , feel like he be never there . int . hallway - continuous 178 they footstep echo in the empty hall . Holland suddenly hear something . bomp ! bomp ! bomp ! holland what be that ? bomp ! bomp ! somebody be pound on a piano . ( continued ) 178 179 revise 6/2/94 continued : holland somebody 's in the gym . Iris ( glance at Cole ) I do not think anyone be suppose to be here . bomp ! bomp ! bomp ! holland they be not . bomp ! bomp ! Holland walk toward the gymnasium . holland and that piano be one step away from firewood ag it be . Cole and iria follow Holland to the gym . he enter . int , gymnasium bomp ! bomp ! bomp ! - bomp ! bomp ! - bomp ! bomp ! somp ! 122. * loule , loule * fill the air , play by the school band . the gymnasium be full , cramme to the rafter with student and townsfolk . there be a banner over the stage - " Goodbye . Mr. Holland * . Holland be stunne . Iris take he briefcase and escort he towards the stage . as he pass , people raach out of the audience to shake he hand . we begin to recognize older version of Holland 's student . tidd - auss 's parent - a conservative look guy in a suit - holland Mr. stadler ? stadler would not have miss it , Mr. Holland . Holland move on . he be on the verge of teare . Iris lead Holland up the step to the stage , to the podium in front of the orchestra . Holland look back for Cole . he 's stand with meister and olmstead . they all smile . Iris be look at she watch as if expect someone . she finally stepa to the podium . the music and applause die . tris we master of ceremony seem to be run a little late so I guess it 's up to I . my name be Iris Holland . ( continued ) 178 179 179 continued : rno scatcer applause and whistle . Iris smile . . Iris uh ... when word get ouc that the Music Program be cut , and about the retirement of my husband , Glenn Holland ... well , I have never see such a response from this community - meister ( shouting out ) at least not for football ! laughter . Iris anyway , some people come to I and say they want to throw a little send -off . there be a sudden murmur in the audience . Iris stop . Holland look around . two highway patrolmen can be see in the back of the gymnasium . tris look like my watch be fast . the murmur in the audience increase . a few word be audible . " the Governor ... '' it 's the Governor ! " '' here !* " where ? " '' I can not see ... " " look , over there ! " the two highway patrolmen walk down the aisle ahead of a distinguished look woman in glass . she be follow by two more highway patrolmen and a couple of staff member . she stride up the stage . Iris lady and gentleman , may I present we Governor - and former Kennedy High School alumna , the most honorable - ! holland {to himself ) gertrude . Iris ( at the same time ) - gertrude lang ! Iris turn and kiss Holland on the cheek . she step aside _as gertrude step up onto the stage . ( continued ) 179 continued : roy NI with gertrude it 's be a long time , Mr. Holland . gertrude take the mike , wait for the applause to die . gertrude thank you , Mrs. Holland . my apology to everyone for my tardiness . and principal wolter , I would like you to know , yes , I bring a note from my mother . wolter smile , chagrine . gertrude I come here today to say thanks to Mr. Glenn Holland . first thing first . Mr. Holland , I want you to know as soon as I get back to my office , I be go to start pound away at the legislature to restore state funding for all High School music program in this state . for the applause to die down . gertrude Mr. Holland have a profound influence on my life . on a lot of life , I know . and yet , I have the feel that Mr. Holland consider a great part of he life misspent . rumor have it he be always work on this symphony of he , he opus . someday it would make he famous , rich , probably both . but Mr. Holland be not rich . or famous , at least not outside we little town . and so perhaps it : would be easy for Mr. Holland to think himself a failure . and he would be wrong . for li think he have achieve a success beyond rich and fame . look around you , Mr. Holland . there be not a life in this room that you have not touch . and each of we be a better person because of you . this be you symphony , Mr. Holland . this people be the note and melody of you opus . and this be the music of you life . the audience rise and give Holland a stand ovation . he leek out at the audience , each face a memory , a moment of ‘on laughter . she wait on he life . ( continued ) 179 continued : 173 gertrude and now we would like to give you something back . Mr. Holland , if you would , take this bacon and begin the first public performance of '' the american Opus '' by Glenn Holland . she hand he the baton . Holland turn to the orchestra . the instrument be poise and ready . he look down at the music stand . the sheet music be a copy of the original , in he handwrite . '' the american Opus " by Glenn Holland . he turn , look at Iris . she nod as if tell he it 's cime to begin . he turn back , raise the baton , tap it once on the music stand and ... the orchestra play . the open strain of the music fill the gym . Holland 's face glow and he chest fill with pride . it be a symphony with element of jazz , rock , country , tin pan alley , and classical . a woman enter at the back of the auditorium . expensively dress . beautiful . the people there stare at she in surprise and recognition . they whisper among themselves . rowena . gertrude go over to one of the boy play the clarinec and whisper in he ear . and she take che clarinet , take the student 's seat , and play . then , out of the audience , one or two at a time , other adult approach the stage and - one by one - they replace the student in the orchestra . Holland look at one of the man in the orchestra . holland {softly ) spit valve . the man blushes and glance at the red haire woman next to hin . eventually the orchestra be compose completely of adult . tear stream openly down Holland 's face as he lead they . the various theme become clear - Cole 's theme , the music for Louis Russ , a ode to coltrane , rowena 's theme . it 's all there and as it reach it 's climax , we freeze ... on glernn Holland who create it all ... the end