MARK felt - the man who bring down the white house by Peter landesman over black : title : WASHINGTON , D.C. , 1972 1 now a rhythmic , accelerate anthology -- footage , still -- President Richard Nixon at re-election whistle -stop - as Pennsylvania Ave roil with protest -- scrimmage line of National Guard and Police -- Washington monument carpete in tent -- flame spitting out of Pentagon window -- placard of jungle trench full of american army dead -- lapd squad car pour smoke and flame -- accelerate now to a torrent of campaign bunt and bumpersticker and the signage and news feed of palestinian Liberation Organization -- Black Liberation Army -- klan -- Black September -- Red Army -- irish Republican Army -- weather Underground . the alphabet of rage . until we cut to black , and hold there on black . title : base on the actual event then -- a alarm clock beeping . 5.15 a.m . a man 's hand enter frame . 2 shut the alarm , and now -- hand in a mirror . perfect a tie , and now -- 3 the hand lay a dress on a bed , across the foot of a woman 4 still asleep , and now -- hot water be poured into a cup of folger 's instant . we be 5 in a immaculate kitchen , circa early - 70 's , and now to -- a antiseptic live room . legion of obsessively align 6 glass animal . picture of two kide : young man , around 20 , in airman 's uniform ; a young pretty woman . Furniture shrink - wrap in plastic . a pool out back , vodka-clean . grass manicure . now out to -- ext . street - fairfax , VA . - morning 7 a subdivision of modest split- level lookalike . the pierce heart of the american middle . one garage door rise . MARK felt - immaculate suit , 50ish - stride to the curb , trash in one hand , coffee in the other . move with a kind of imperious grace . 2 . the paperboy hook -shot the paper onto the lawn . jump to the back yard . he have a smoke . he take a moment with the brighten sky . and as we hold on he , we -- ext . WASHINGTON , DC . - morning - felt 's buick ( moving ) - aerial cross the potomac . past the lincoln Memorial . while -- int . office - white house - day felt enter on asst. to the President JOHN ehrlichman , 45 , stare out he window at the bedlam ; and special counsel JOHN dean , 33 and boyish . and Attorney General JOHN mitchell , 59 . felt ehrlichman gentlemen . have a seat , felt. ( as felt sit - -) close in in on felt 's eye . which have a rare and train hyper-awareness . capture the smallest detail like a camera : a patch of perspiration on ehrlichman 's forehead ; a smudge on Dean 's shoe . ehrlichman ( cont 'd ) goddamn Russian Revolution out there . why be not we arrest anybody ? felt because that -- ( out there ) be not a crime . ( which turn he ) mitchell we know why you be here , felt . but before all that . the President need you advice . Dean move to the side for a better angle . ehrlichman mitchell ( cont 'd ) Hoover 's run the FBI , what , fifty . forty year ? ehrlichman fifty goddamn year ! you know Johnson and Kennedy want to fire he , do not you ? but they do not have the ball . ( more ) ehrlichman ( cont 'd ) ( and he look and wait , but --) felt be say nothing . and after a uncomfortable pause -- mitchell do you know the President want to be a FBI G - man , just like you ? Hoover write he personally what a damn fine candidate he be , but with budget cut the FBI could not afford he . ehrlichman how 's that for a lesson in fate ? now he 's President of the United States . pause . dean if the President be go to ask Mr. Hoover to step aside , how would you suggest he do it ? and felt go still , as a dog will at a sign of danger . dean ( cont 'd ) we know you to be a friend to this administration . and we like to see we friend get what they deserve -- mitchell you be next in line . felt there be no line . dean the President be ask . pause . a hesitation . exasperation . felt Mr. Hoover would want to keep he bullet - proof car . and he secretary . I have offer he that . ehrlichman you be a real politician , felt . felt I be a law man . polite smile . maybe a chuckle . ehrlichman as the President like to say , there be two kind of people in politics - winner and loser . I know a loser once and he be a queer . ( intone ) gentlemen , Mark felt be no loser ! ( as felt stay stoic , patient ) so okay , felt , go ahead , fire away . felt 's errand -- felt as you know Mr. Hoover have hear rumor of the presence of homosexual at the high level of the White House . mitchell who 's the fag suppose to be ? ehrlichman mitchell ( cont 'd ) be he here in this room ? you want to polygraph we ? ( and they laugh ) except Dean . the lawyer . unamuse . dean do the FBI really need to spend resource on this ? ( laughter die ) do we ? felt I can take it from here . dean then thanks for pop by . ( and as the show be over , and they start to focus on other thing --) felt if I may -- ( they be annoyed ) there be one thing Mr. Hoover know have be on all you mind . ( and just like that he have they attention again ) ( more ) felt ( cont 'd ) whenever the FBI hear a piece of gossip , or information , such as : ' I see so- and - so out with another woman not he wife . or a man not he wife ' - ( and start a slow push in ) we be suppose to write everything down . and we do . write it all down . in memo . ( give that some air ) this memo come to I and I decide what information Mr. Hoover need to know , and send that up to Mr. Hoover . and Mr. Hoover put it all away . in he private file . ( --) to be keep safe . out of the hand of people without discretion . people who could do harm . should that information be leak , for instance . and put before the court of public opinion . tight on felt 's face until it fill the screen . to this man this face be now the still center of the universe . felt ( cont 'd ) and then sometimes Mr. Hoover will go , for instance , to the President 's close aide , and say - ' Mr. ehrlichman , I want you to know that we receive that report about you and that other woman , and I want to tell you that there be absolutely no reason for we to take any further action . there be no violation . ' you be safe . we , the FBI , all you secret be safe with we . tense silence . the threat land . then -- dean how long have you be in the FBI , felt ? felt thirty year . dean thirty year . that 's a lot of information . a lot of file . ( yes it be , and ) thank you , Mr. felt. 10 felt thank you , gentleman . int . felt home - fairfax , VA . - night 10 felt enter . the FBI uniform : trench , hat , briefcase . audrey ( 0.s. ) there he be -- audrey felt - felt 's kinetic wife , 45 , beautiful , ina flamethrower dress , sparkling in a frail crystal kind of way . put a preemptive finger to he lip -- audrey ( cont 'd ) let 's have a good time , darling ? can we do that ? ( she 's drunk , and --) kiss he . deep and sexy . then hand he a drink . he drain half . obedient . thirsty . audrey ( cont 'd ) good boy . now lead he into the live room to another couple : ed miller , 40 , lean and taut ; wife , PAT , slim and attractive . audrey ( cont 'd ) I give you the Chief Dragon slayer and guardian of the american dream - - PAT miller well crack a smile at least , Mark . ( Miller pull she back ) felt ( game ; John Wayne ) sorry , mar ’am . it 's the way they train I . PAT miller Eddie , stop it !-- ( because Miller 's yanking on she ) felt I like it . she 's the best -- and wink at Miller . audrey clutches he . her hero . all 11 12 13 audrey now I need a drink . ( and she head into ) kitchen - where we find audrey alone in the harsh all fluorescence . in that dress . back to live room , wait . until felt appear and embrace she from behind . what she want . then cut to -- live room - later 11 the room go smoggy with cigarette smoke , furniture clear . earnest tango instrumental blaring from the phonograph . the felt and the miller tango from one end of the room to the other . felt graceful and commanding , audrey sexy and liquid . fabulous dancer . now they switch . Natural and loose in new arm , then -- same - still later . they be all sauce . messy rapture . Ed andl2 Pat smoking on the sofa . audrey hang on felt at the piano . felt ( sing soft and well ) my funny valentine , sweet comic valentine , you make I smile with my heart ... felt ( cont 'd ) audrey but do not change a hair for kiss me.t I . not if you care for I ... and he do . and audrey rest she head on he shoulder . nothing in the world but you . now -- same - still later 13 now it 's Pat slink against felt at the piano . while audrey and Ed do a slow dance . like ass - clutchy high -schooler . audrey ( cont ’d ) felt kiss she , Mark . stay little valentine stay ... audrey felt ( cont 'd ) she want you to . she tell I ( shake , no ) she do . but do not change a hair for I . not if you care for I ... audrey blow a kiss at felt . Pat rest she head on he shoulder . as Ed give audrey a twirl , and -- PAT miller all the girl love you . 14 15 16 17 18 19 int . hallway - felt home - later 14 felt and audrey clop up the stair , drunk . at the top audrey topple toward a partially open door . felt pull the door shut tight -- audrey wanna go 'o there ! -- and steer she away , back down the hall . int . bathroom - felt home - later 15 audrey on the edge of the sink . felt on he knee , with great precision painting she toe-nail , then -- int . bedroom - felt home - later 16 felt guide audrey to bed . she pull he on top of she , cling to he as though afraid she will plunge . she try to shut off the light . he stop she , '' I want to see you . '' she open to he , bring he inside . they make love , passionate and forceful and present . then hear ( pre - lap ) ice cube in a glass . liquid pour over they . and cut to -- efrem zimbalist jr. freeze in a gunslinger 's crouch . 17 pull back to reveal it 's a poster on a wall , the kitsch - perfect G - man in the '' the FBI '' . pan right to a frame photo : 25 - ish Mark felt as same : hat cocked , stagy G - man gun crouch . now -- pan to we felt . twice that age . in a robe , fix a solitary drink . alone and in deep contemplation . we be in he office , and we hold on he there , then -- int . FBI hq - morning 18 felt stride purposefully down a grand deco hallway . past wpa mural and endless office . first in . title : may 2 , 1972 and into he suite . 7 a.m. on the nose . 19 felt good morning . carol tschudy , 35 , take felt 's coat and hat . felt ( cont 'd ) be the director in ? carol not yet . ( --) Mrs. felt call . felt how many time ? carol just once . felt thank you , Mrs. tschudy -- ( and -- ) felt continue to he inner office . unholster he .38 , stick it in a drawer . and pan up to find -- ed miller . by the window . he 's a agent . felt 's second - in - command . have not sleep and look it . Miller hand felt a folder stamp '' plan C - top secret '' . it 's funny . in this building the warmth have go . the familiarity and intimacy have go . it 's all business . and we pan down now to the crime - scene shot in felt 's hand : the Capitol building , facade blacken , window blow ; then the wreckage inside ... '' weather Underground Organization bombing , Capitol building '' ... felt ( cont 'd ) how many bombing now ? miller a couple dozen . felt precise number . Mr. Miller . the formality surprise we . not they . another photo . four char corpse . miller Nails and ball bearing . they blow themselves up . but this kid be not mess around . 10 . felt hold up surveillance photo of suspect . everyday american youth . then a weather Underground pamphlet -- felt they be embarrassing the FBI . ( and then , they both realize it , same time ) they be go to try to hit the White House . miller yes they be . now a FBI man enter . charlie bate , 40 . bate he 's dead . felt who ? bate the housekeeper find Mr. Hoover on the floor . he be not breathe . felt look sharply at Miller . bate ( cont 'd ) it look like a stroke . felt rise to he foot . 0.s. we hear Carol gasp . felt put everything into motion . no mistake , gentleman . not one . ( bate cross and leave , then Miller ) and felt and Carol be leave alone . holding a long look . Carol 's face say , '' you be the new director . '' 20 int . FBI hq - day 20 bate & miller keep the hall clear , while -- felt supervise secretary shuttling file box from Hoover 's office across the hall into felt 's . push in on the box : '' official & confidential . '' one BOX in particular , close : '' personal & confidential '' , as -- 21 22 23 24 25 11 . nixon / radio ( over ) all Americans today mourn the death of J. Edgar Hoover . his greatness will remain inseparable from the greatness of the organization he create and give he whole life to building , the Federal Bureau of investigation . ( and cut to --) a man busting into the hq entrance : small , bald , 21 accountant - like . this be L. patrick gray , 56 . trailed by three young justice dept lawyer . as Nixon continue : nixon / radio ( over ) ( cont 'd ) he make the FBI the finest law enforcement agency on the earth , the invincible and incorruptible defender of every american 's precious right to be free from fear . ( and cut to --) a series of shot elsewhere in FBI hq : file , film and 22 recording be pull , shred , shove in burn bag . and cut back to -- gray and minion head down a endless hallway through prim23 secretary and sober agent . past the stack and stack of file and papers on the move , the hushed kafkaesque bureaucratic constipation . then back to -- felt . watch the last box go . 24 carol they be here . felt ( mark the time ) nine-oh -five . ( and as Carol jot that down , we cut back to --) gray . Dead -end , double back , disorient . no one 25 offer direction . fuming . finally find -- felt , bate and miller wait for he outside Hoover 's lock office . Gray shake felt 's hand . gray good morning , felt . felt the Assistant Attorney General -- 12 . gray Pat Gray . a complicated morning for all of we . felt Mr. Miller be make the funeral arrangement . gray I have the Attorney General 's instruction on seating and protocol -- miller the funeral will be handle by the FBI . gray -- the Attorney General will sit beside the vice President - felt handled by the FBI in its own way , Mr. Gray . stop. FBI agent start to collect around they . gray ( less confident now ) I also have instruction on Mr. Hoover 's file . I be to take possession of they . and bring they to the White House . felt what file ? Gray turn to one of he flack . who shrug . gray Mr. Hoover 's secret file . the ' personal and confidential 's . ( flack whisper something to he ) ' official and confidential 's . miller there be no secret file . Gray turn to felt , felt level at he a look we will come to know : a poker - face imperiousness that mean ' I do not know 's and ' I be not go to tell you 's , both and neither . 26 27 13 . int . hoover's office - FBI - day 26 empty , hushed , chapel - like . the desk throne - like on its infamous three - inch platform . behind , dillinger 's death mask , frame gesture of gratitude from the world 's king . this be one of two cockpit that fly America . felt enter . shut the door . alone . then the unthinkable : he sit in the chair . we hold , stay with he . rightfully he . and start to hear : reverend edward elson ( pre - lap ) we thank thee this day for thy servant , J. Edgar Hoover , for he lifelong trust in thee , he steadfast devotion to the nation -- ( and then we -- ) int . capitol rotunda - WASHINGTON - day 27 Hoover 's casket sit flag-drape under the cavernous dome . surrounded by nixon's cabinet . ehrlichman , Dean . stand through a long quakerish silence . Hoover 's lieutenant to the side , the grieve FBI family . felt they leader . reverend edward elson --his elevate patriotism , he commitment to justice and peace in the nation . push in on felt : sense every face in the room . take each in . and they he . the heir apparent . the target . reverend edward elson ( cont ’d ) we ask that we may be as strong as he be strong ; brave as he be brave , loyal as he be loyal , serve as he serve , love the nation as he love it -- ( and now we -- ) find a face in the crowd : bill sullivan , 50 . short and unkempt , suit not black but blue , in protest . and now -- 28 14 . ext . capitol - day 28 [ it 's raining . a sea of umbrella slide down the step to wait limo . ] felt with bate and Miller san umbrella . [ * rain optional ] sullivan ( 0.s. ) Mark ! bate and Miller see Sullivan approach , peel off . sullivan ( cont ’d ) ( offer he umbrella ) share mine . rain pop hard overhead . walk and talk : sullivan ( cont 'd ) Bill Sullivan and Mark felt - together again . who would have think ? ( -- ) you know , I think I might be the one who recommend you to the old man for you first big promotion . felt you know you be . sullivan that 's right . Mark felt do not forget . that 's why everyone like you . Hell , I even like you , and I do not like anybody . they stop . face each other . felt what do you want ? sullivan you do not even let I keep my badge . felt at least it be not the gold watch and handshake . sullivan no , you just change the lock on the door . ( beat ; then ) I have thirty year in the Bureau . same as you . felt you be the director 's bag man . you tape King with other woman and send the picture to he wife . do you want I to go on ? sullivan that will not be necessary . felt it be necessary . that day be over . you have to go . Sullivan finger the edge of felt 's suit . sullivan immaculate . perfect -- ( -- ) you could be you , Mark , only because I be who I be . you and I be a ecosystem . that 's how nature work . everything in a balance . ( now ) now the king be dead . Long live the king . ( --) you the new king ? felt you tell I . Sullivan take felt in . sullivan Mark felt : integrity -- bravery -- fidelity . lady and gentleman : the G -man 's G-Man . ( and tip he head back for a better view ) wanna know what everyone really think of you ? ( then ) competent , reliable , loyal -- felt what 's wrong with that ? sullivan nothing . if you be a Golden retriever . ( then ) Hoover 's go . you be all alone . ( more ) 29 16 . sullivan ( cont 'd ) holding the end of you own leash . ( and simply walk off ) leave felt stand alone . int . / ext . felt home - fairfax , VA . - that evening 29 the antiseptic kitchen a happy wreck . half - eat dinner ; sink full . o.s. , laughter , party murmur . audrey enter from the pool . bonfire of warmth and joy , look she best . we follow she back out to find felt and the miller around a table out by the pool . many drink and cigarettes in . audrey ( joyous ) do you - all remember when Mr. Hoover send Mark to the oval Office to roust out the homo --? ( she best - and fairly good - John Dean ) you be a politician , be not you felt ? ( she best - and very good - felt ) no , Mr. Mitchell , I be a law man . PAT miller c'mon ! audrey ( she best - and extremely good - ehrlichman ) two kind of people in politics , felt , winner and loser . I know a loser once and he be a queer . Mark felt 's no queer . audrey 's a social genius . they be laugh hard . as felt quietly blow smoke ring at the ceiling . audrey ( cont 'd ) hey , handsome . where have you go ? felt and Miller glance at each other . PAT miller ( to audrey ) let they protect they government secret . here it 's I and you lady . ( --) how be Mark jr.? 30 17 . felt miller he 's loving the Air Force . God . that 's wonderful -- make he first solo flight -- PAT miller miller ( cont 'd ) hear anything from Joan ? Pat , do not - PAT miller Eddie , hush . it 's fine . this be mother 's business . but audrey 's face stick in something like a smile , so -- felt nothing . it 's be a year . audrey do not do this now . felt when be a good time ? audrey just not in front of the whole world , darling -- and she 's up , arm around he . smiling , like nothing 's wrong . audrey ( cont 'd ) I do not want anything to ruin tonight . ( wriggle she finger ) c’mere . and take felt by the hand - '' ta-da ! '' - pull he up and into -- int . basement office - felt home 30 where felt 's desk have be raise on a three - inch platform . New name plate wrap in ribbon : '' director '' . audrey just like Mr. Hoover 's . there we be , my darling hero . here 's to you. ( emotional ) everything we always want . ( and embrace he ; lip to he ear ) I know you want she here for this . but I be here . ( and with a squeeze - - ) I be always here -- 31 32 18 . and leave the man to they business . felt obviously worried . miller what be it ? felt when the lion be dead the jackal come out . miller you be worried about Sullivan ? felt Sullivan be outside we fence . miller he 's with the White House now . he 's one of they . felt the White House be outside we fence . and close on felt , because it 's something else , and cut to -- int . office stairway - felt 's home 31 where audrey be loitering near the door . listen . int . felt 's office - FBI hq - day 32 felt at he desk , we think stare into the middle distance . we reverse to he Pov : hanging behind he door , in perfect sight - line from the desk ( and desk only ) , a photo of a strike , almost ethereal young woman in she early 20' . look a lot like felt . this be he daughter , joan . ( younger picture of she in the live room . ) carol / intercom the Attorney General . felt take a breath of anticipation , pick up . we hear only he end of thing : felt ( into phone ) Dick -- ( -- ) and I have enjoy every day of it . the FBI have be home and duty to I and my family for thirty year . ( more ) 19 . felt ( cont 'd ) ' _ ( stop ) es ? eye make a subtle shift , no more than the dilation of pupil . his hand clenches . unclench . fist . the disappointment be palpable . hold , and -- felt ( cont 'd ) ( cold now , neutral ) I agree . a new day -- yes , a fresh start . it 's what I would do . ( can barely get it out ) who do you have in mind ? ( then ) I be sorry , can you repeat that ? who ? ( and now smash CUT to ) 33 felt , bate & miller marching shoulder - to-shoulder through 33 the hall of hq . close in fast on a huddle of five men outside Hoover 's old office . felt ( cont 'd ) ( hand extend ) welcome to the FBI . the new director turn . it 's PAT gray . gray ( relieved ) a friendly face -- ( pump felt 's hand ) felt Excuse we , gentleman . ( and when he and Gray be alone - -) gray I know the Bureau have its closet and skeleton . you can count on I to keep that door shut . felt stop they by a window . out the window be Pennsylvania Avenue . and down Pennsylvania : the White House . gray ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l be candid with you -- ( try to connect , and felt give nothing ) I be a submarine commander in the navy . I be father , priest and friend to eighteen - year- old boy . do you know that ? ( ~) ( more ) 20 . gray ( cont ’d ) but not a suspicious man by nature , funny enough . which maybe make I a strange choice to run the FBI . ( still do not respond ) in fact , when the President call , my wife begge I to turn it down . ( and laugh , wait for a friendly sign - it do not come ) the President be not ask . if you know what I mean . ( a awkward silence , then ) felt now let I be candid with you , Mr. Gray . the FBI be the most respected institution in the world . it be one of the two cockpit that fl America . and it be what it be because no one from the outside ever get inside . Mr. Hoover 's be old a long time . gray we all know it 's be you run the FBI , felt . you reputation be stellar . felt let I finish . you have no law enforcement experience . you be a outsider . that 's you battle to fight -- ( now ) but I be go to help you . gray I appreciate that -- felt do not . it 's not a act of generosity . this be about this building and what go on in here and what it mean to the country . that 's all I care about . as long as you be for what I be for , as long as you keep the FBI first , you will be able to count on I . ( long beat ; then ) ready ? Gray , uncertain , drift away . Miller and bate cross to felt . miller do you mean it ? * 21 . felt ( turn with fealty toward Gray - - ) the acting director be ready now . int . kitchen - felt 's home - that night 34 felt enter . audrey take he dinner plate out of the oven . he stand look at the food . she pick at he tie knot . felt what do I miss ? audrey you and Mr. Hoover . you forget why he like you so much . he always say you and he have the same enemy -- that man be ugly . Ugly ugly man . assassin . [ all the assassin . ] you be good . Mark felt be too good . too good , that 's why . ( but acid , as ) she turn he slow , sensual , and we think maybe with love and give . then -- audrey ( cont 'd ) thirty year . thirteen transfer , thirteen home to leave , eleven home to make . I leave behind every friend I ever make . two child . cocktail at night . and keep my mouth shut . like the perfect little FBI wife . until one day you wake up and you be so different than you use to be you can not remember what the point be in the first place . and you be still never here . as go as she be . and then what 's leave --? now he turn to look at she . audrey ( cont 'd ) until there 's just one thing leave . in my head . the one idea leave in my head be at least Mark 's go to get that job . at least he 'il be director of the FBI . ( more ) 22 . audrey ( cont 'd ) and that will make up for everything . ( then ) they do not deserve you . they do not deserve everything I give they . I give they you . I give away we daughter . ( and ramping up here - -) and they do not know , do they ? felt audrey -- ( not again , please - -) audrey they think Mark felt be so strong . all the girl think you be so cool . they do not know you . felt what do not they know ? audrey that I be the fuel -- they do not deserve we ! ( --) you need to resign . ( he do not resist , but -- ) felt when the Bureau 's in better hand . then I 'il go . ( and after a long beat ) audrey what do you miss . you miss everything . how could you be so goddamn naive ? ( and walk out of the kitchen leave he alone ) CUT to black . a35 omitted a35 35 black screen . we hear a phone ringing . two ring , three . 35 SNAP . Light come on . revealing felt 's bedroom . pre-dawn . alarm clock read 5 a.m. title : six week later , JUNE 17 , 1972 36 23 . felt ( pick up ) what be it ? bate / phone this be get complicated . you better come down . int . room 723 , howard johnson 's - WASHINGTON - morning 36 camera pan over FBI technician dusting for print . evidence of a surveillance nest . listen equipment , binocular , notebook with scribble time sequence . felt alone at the window . stare directly across the street , into a hotel room , where we see more FBI tech . title : democratic national committee office , watergate HOTEL felt straight into the Democrat office in the watergate . who 's we spy , gentleman ? bate with ROBERT kunkel , special agent in charge of the Washington field Office ( ' captain 's of local FBI ) . kunkel baldwin , Alfred c.. checked in six week ago . he say he be more than just the look -out . he say he be suppose to listen for girlie stuff . guess the Dems be have a lot of trouble with they wife . felt he say where he get he instruction ? bate Mr. felt -- ( and as felt turn ) kunkel baldwin be one of ours . he 's ex - FBI . he have this on he . bate shake a plastic bag with more device : antennae , circuit board , transistor . felt he work under Bill Sullivan ? ( hesitation , so , direct ) ( more ) 24 . felt ( cont 'd ) when he be in the Bureau , be he in Mr. Sullivan 's group ? ( and as bate nod , yes ) what about CIA connection ? kunkel no idea . why ? felt because 30 minute ago four of that burglar tell a judge they be ex -cia . pause . that hang there . all of it . kunkel what the hell be this ? ( and we start to hear - -) nixon ( over ) ( pre - lap ) there be absolutely no White House involvement in the watergate break - in . 37 ext . 10 th and pennsylvania - day 37 kunkel and special agent angelo lano hustle from the Judiciary Building to FBI hq . lano be 35 , mop of hair , stocky , unpolish . bad tie coat in muffin crumb . nixon ( over ) ( pre - lap ) ( news conference ) surveillance have no place whatever in we electoral process or in we governmental process . 38 int . felt 's office - FBI hq - simultaneous - felt & bate 38 felt and bate watch Nixon 's news conference on a tv : nixon / tv as far as the matter now be concerned , it be under investigation by the FBI . intercut kunkel & lano slaloming through the FBI build . into felt 's office -- felt turn that down . ( bate mute the tv ) 25 . kunkel Mr. lano 's run street on this . bate ( sweep crumb off lano ) okay now go . with Nixon 's moon - face talk on mutely in b.g. : lano ( off a pile of note ) two -fifteen Sunday morning , Metro find we perp inside the Democratic National Committee office . we have i.d. have the lead . he 's a pro . five year with the FBI , nineteen with CIA . lano wait . because that 's big fuck news . but felt and bate be transfix by what they be hearing . lano ( cont 'd ) then he leave the CIA to run security for the Attorney General . then he run security for the White House . for the commmittee to re- elect the President . bate the lead burglar run security for the commmittee to re- elect the President ? be that what you say ? felt that 's what he say . keep go . lano well , it get crazier . now the lookout in here ? Three year FBI , then the Attorney General recruit he too . as he wife 's personal bodyguard . ( again wait , but -- ) felt just keep go . lano the lookout make a Howard hunt as the ringleader . ( here it come ) hunt be also ex - CIA . ( more ) 26 . lano ( cont 'd ) but get this : last year we be ask to do a background check on he for a government job . bate do we clear he ? lano yeah . bate what for ? lano for a job in the White house. ( read from note ) as a '' consultant on highly sensitive confidential matter . '' bate that 's a job title ? felt look right at Nixon on tv now . they wait for he , until - felt White House , justice and the CIA be go to want to know everything we know . but we be not go to tell they . anything . bate the Attorney General already call . felt nobody talk to the Attorney General . bate we answer to the Attorney General . felt you answer to I . bate ( a little quieter ) what about the director ? 39 27 . felt I will take care of the director . ( and we slowly push in on Nixon on the tv , until he face pixilate and the abstraction fill we screen , then - - ) int . felt 's office - FBI hq - day 39 carol / intercom I have the director on the phone . ( and we hear Gray immerse in crowd / party hubbub ) gray / phone ( over ) you pull I out of a speech . felt I need to fill you in -- gray / phone ( over ) the watergate thing . sound like some third - rate burglary . felt gray / phone ( over ) ( cont 'd ) who tell you that ? ( off phone ) be right there ! Frank , how be ya ? ( and start chat with someone back there ) felt I be have all the Democrat office sweep for bug . gray / phone uh , what ... hold off on that . I do not want this get political . felt gray / phone ( cont 'd ) it be not political . it 's a sound like something you can crime -- wrap up quickly , really gotta go -- ( and the line go dead , and --) felt tap the pen on the page . think . then : 40 Al felt ( into intercom ) Mrs. tschudy , can you find out if Mr. Gray talk to anyone else here at the Bureau today ? carol / intercom I already know . Mr. Gray do not talk to anyone at the Bureau today . felt thank you . carol / intercom they do put through a number of call from the White House , though . from the Committee to re- elect the President . felt get up and cross to Carol in the anteroom . felt who from ? carol the Chairman , Mr. John Mitchell . I mean Mr. Mitchell 's staff . I mean it could not be Mr. Mitchell himself . felt why not ? carol Mr. Mitchell be in California . he and Mr. Gray be together . int . hallway - FBI hq - day felt exite the executive washroom . pass John Dean , nodd , '' Mr. felt '' . Dean 's carry a brief case . Dean go leave into Gray 's office . felt right into -- int . felt 's office - FBI hq - day felt when do the director get back from California ? 40 4l 29 . carol ( into the phone ) hold please . ( to felt ) Fifteen minute ago . felt John Dean , the President 's counsel , just go into he office . let I know when he come out . carol yes , Mr. felt. ( and - -) Mrs. felt call . felt how many time . carol four . felt Fine . carol I have Bob on the line . felt Bob ? carol just Bob . felt send it in . and call for Mr. bate . felt close the door behind he . pick up . felt ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) we talk about call at the office . you know I do not like it . caller / phone this thing at the watergate -- felt I be very busy -- ( about to hang up when - -) caller / phone but we have do this before . a4l 30 . felt this be different . caller / phone what 's different about it ? felt I be not go to tell you that . ( and now we intercut --) int . dark room - simultaneous a4l where we find a young man , 27 , on the phone . at a desk . in a cone of light . take note . caller ( then , quickly ) Howard hunt. ( he 's get felt 's attention ) hunt work at the White House . felt good . caller good ? felt but where do you get it ? caller the name 's in the address book of one of the burglar . next to the initial '' w.h . '' ( -- ) White House ? felt and where do you get that ? caller what be this ? what do I have ? felt the hunt thing be true . he be a suspect . ( long tense silence , then ) now you give I mine , Mr. woodward . that 's how this work . who give it to you ? this be bob woodward . 31 . woodward I see it myself . felt then it be the police . they show it to you . ( --) you be go to have to do the rest by yourself . ( hang up , and cut to --) 42 JOHN dean leaving gray' office empty-handed . then back to - 42 43 felt at he desk 43 carol / intercom Mr. Dean have leave . felt cross to he door , to Mrs. tschudy . bate be wait . felt how long be that ? carol thirty - one minute , thirty second . felt be he carry anything when he leave ? carol I do not know . felt find out . ( then ) and take down this memo . Metro Police be to be shut down on watergate . no further communication . carol would you like to add a reason ? felt stuff be get out to the press . bate be they ? ( but just - - ) 44 32 . felt come with I -- ( and cross the hall to --) int . gray' office - FBI - day 44 felt and bate find Gray at he desk in golf attire . flanke by two of he young -gun lawyer . Gray hold up a finger to wait . he 's ploughing through a stack of memo . until he lean back , overwhelm : gray this be a remarkable amount of information . felt we be still gather string . it 's just the beginning -- gray okay , first of all , no more interview with White House or CIA people without permission . bate felt ( explode ) whose permission ?! what ? ! Gray look up , stunne by they reaction . felt ( cont 'd ) give we a minute , gentleman . bate - fume - leave . Gray 's lawyer do not . felt ( cont 'd ) get out ! ( Gray too weak to protest , and when they do ) the FBI be a independent body . gray I be aware of that . felt be you also aware that mean we do not need permission to do anything ? from anybody ? ( Gray look at he ) you give that up , just one time , you do not get it back . ever. 45 46 33. gray let 's not get dramatic . we do not even know what this be . felt that 's right , we do not . but we be go to find out . that 's what we do . pause . Gray just sit there . in he golf clothes . felt ( cont 'd ) you do not work for they . you be the director of the FBI now . ( wait for that to land , then turn to go ) gray forty -eight hour -- ( felt stop ) we put the investigation to bed and get on with the rest of we life in two day . ( and felt hesitates , then go , and --) felt cross the hall back to he office . 45 felt be Mr. Dean carry anything when he leave the building ? carol no , Mr. felt . felt continue inside . bate be wait . bate what the hell be go on ? felt Close the door as you leave , Mr. bate . and as bate exit , felt reach for a phone . then -- ext . WASHINGTON , d.c . - sundown - felt 's buick - aerial shot 46 the car leave the monolithic FBI hq , pass the illuminate Capitol , the lincoln Memorial ... join the river of tail light crossing the potomac into Virginia . 47 48 49 34 . ext . diner - rural virginia - night al felt 's buick pull in . int . felt 's buick - night 48 felt just sit there , engine run . stare inside the diner . at a man , 50 , sit alone in a booth . felt hold to the wheel . do not want to let go . then -- int . diner - night 4g felt slide in across from the man . time Magazine reporter sandy smith . half - way through a turkey plate . smith you look like hell . have some food . felt ( to the waitress ) just coffee . so what do this look like to you ? felt ( cont 'd ) smith or you editor --? this watergate thing ? smith ( cont ’d ) honestly ? no one at time Magazine , or any newspaper I know of , can figure it out . ex - spook get catch , but do what ? plant bug ? the place be already bugge . the White House may be a bunch of certifiable paranoid , but that stupid ? that would be a stupid world record . ( another forkful ) how ' bout you ? felt do not reply . that interest Smith . smith ( cont ’d ) do have a particular odor to it , though . ( fishing - - ) I bet you old pal Bill Sullivan sure miss the FBI . ( felt do not take the bait ; Smith cast further ) ( more ) smith ( cont 'd ) I hear the White House give he some bullshit job until Hoover kick the bucket . Gray for a little while , keep the seat warm -- felt Sullivan want back in . the President want he back in . to run the FBI they way . smith Nixon and Sullivan -- that two be make for each other . felt give Smith a long look . Smith know the look . he take out a notebook . felt shake , no . sip at he coffee . waitress wander by . Smith wave she to keep go . smith ( cont ’d ) ( exasperate ) what be we do out here , Mark ? felt I be give forty - eight hour . smith to do what ? felt wrap up the watergate investigation . smith by who ? ( no reply ; take a shot ) Gray ? ( felt 's not say no ) Pat Gray , the FBI director , order the FBI to stop its own investigation ?? felt there be call we be not allow to make , and phone and bank record we can not go near . and now felt dig at the pie . smith ( serious as a heart attack ) in all the year I have know you you never give up a single real secret . nothing but the company line . ( more ) a50 50 36 . smith ( cont 'd ) this be unchart water for you . ( then ) so one more time : what be we do ? you look for a little help ? a little payback ? felt I want the FBI leave alone to do its job . that 's all I want . smith and you want I to light a fire around the edge . with a story . ( as felt say nothing - -) now I see why they do not give you the job . they must be terrify of you . you be they worst nightmare . int . felt home a50 felt at a window . stop to look over the fence into the next yard . at he neighbor , a couple . the wife come out and hand the husband a drink . '' kid asleep ? '' the mundane normalcy of they everyday life . a he hold there , transfix , then -- int . joan 's room - felt home - night 50 felt enter . click on the light . a girl 's room freeze mid-breath , everything like it be -- pile of marijuana ash -- picture of the update Joan , the hippie version : thin , grim -- stack of militant lefty book and pamphlet . a creak 0.s. in the hallway . audrey what about play some golf on Saturday ? felt we do not play golf . audrey we will get lesson . it ’1ll be something new . ( --) I miss you . I know I be not suppose to say that . 37 . felt it 's okay to say that . audrey it 's too touchy - feely . I need you too much . ( felt say nothing ) do you eat ? felt what ? yes , I eat -- ( and after a pause ) audrey you two always eat as fast as you could . you two be always racing , always play . can not we ever sit around and have a civilized conversation ? ( long pause ) where be you ? the switchboard say they do not know where you be . felt because I do not tell they . audrey what about Mrs. tschudy ? she say she do not know either . but you teach she to always say that , do not you --? felt ( calm ) be you make the call ? audrey I call all she friend . they have not speak to she in a year . she disappear on everybody . it be not just you . ( he say nothing ) be you look for she ? be the most powerful law enforcement organization in the world look for she --? 51 52 53 38 . felt I can not do that . audrey why , be it against the rule ? felt we do not know what they have find , do we ? after a moment , she walk away , say -- audrey pack everything up . I can not take the mess anymore . ( and now cut to -- ) int . FBI WASHINGTON field office - day 51 lano read the Washington Post , foot up on a desk . we be in the sprawling WASHINGTON field office , the local FBI precinct across the street from hq . lano ( be : something in the paper ) now where the hell do they get that ? ( just as - - ) ext . 10 th and pennsylvania - simultaneous 52 felt & bate crossing Pennsylvania Ave . at a clip . felt with the Post in he hand . get a step on bate , slam into -- int . FBI WASHINGTON field office - same 53 26 agent erupt into activity at the sight of felt . hurrying to desk , slip on jacket , shove pile of mess into drawer . as -- felt and bate zig - zage through desk . kunkel and lano converge from different coordinate . lano kunkel ( arrive ) ( spot the Post in what 's go on ? felt 's hand ) let 's take this into my office . 39 . 54 int . kunkel 's office - continuous felt , bate , kunkel and lano crowd in . bate ( wave the Post ) this story say we know who the watergate ringleader be . lano what 's you point ? bate how the Post know we know . then , this morning we time Magazine pal Sandy Smith call the director and say he 's prepping a story that the FBI be plotting a whitewash . he say the director put a 48 - hour cap on the investigation . kunkel be that true ? felt ( furious ) someone in this office be talk to the press . the point , Mr. lano , be leak kill investigation . lano kunkel whoa , first of all -- ( eyeing the other Agents pretend to not listen in ) keep it down , Angie . lano if you want to conduct a leak investigation , be my guest , but two hundred field agent from here to L.A. be chase lead , so you 'il have to ask all they , too . bate tone , in front of Mr. felt . lano but I will guarantee it be not I or any of the guy in this room . stop. quiet . felt level a look at lano . cold , paralyze . 40 . felt give I that memo , Mr. bate . ( bate hand he a '' top secret '' folder ) '' Donald H. segretti . '' you pull that name from Howard hunt 's phone record ? lano he call hunt a few dozen time , yeah . felt this say segretti use to be a lawyer in the treasury Department . what about this payment ? lano we have a hundred lead we be tracking . felt this say he be pay out of the account that fund the watergate . ( wait for this to register ) a account belong to the Committee to re-elect the President . ( still wait ) who 's the head of the Committee ? kunkel John Mitchell . felt former Attorney General John Mitchell . now , pay to do what ? lano best we can make out segretti be a kind of prankster , spying on the Dems , send dirty picture to they wife . bottom - feeder frat boy stuff . kunkel indictable under election law maybe - - 41 . felt ( frustrated ) forget the plot of the story , Mr. kunkel . what 's the theme ? what 's it say ? what do it mean ? kunkel like Angie - Mr. lano - say we be still vetting the lead -- felt all the ugly politics , all the dirty money , all this sleaze - it mean the goddamn punk be run the country ! ( come undone , he catch himself , then , calm - - ) keep go . ( and turn to go , but ) lano you might want to ask the White House about that leak . ( that turn felt ) felt why ? lano ' cuz whenever I get lucky enough to get someone over there to actually talk to I , they know what I be go to ask before I ask it . it 's like they already know what I wanna know . 55 int . felt 's office - FBI hq - day 55 carol / intercom I have the White House , Mr. felt . Mr. John Dean . felt put he through . ( then ) Mr. Dean . dean / phone I have Pat Gray here with I . felt okay . 42 . dean / phone the White House be concerned about this leak . ( pause ) we think the source have to be someone in the FBI . felt why FBI ? dean / phone that 's where the information be . felt that story could have come from someone in the White House . stop . we hear Dean and Gray confer in the b.g. dean / phone we would like you to do something about it , Mr. felt . felt okay . dean / phone now . felt okay . but I do not understand . dean / phone which part ? felt the part about you call I . since the acting director be with you I be sure he 's explain that the White House have no authority over the FBI . ( --) or be not it ? dean / phone we can -- felt at all . Mr. Dean . more murmur on the other end . then -- 43 . dean / phone but we can suggest . ( felt say nothing ) thank you , Mr. felt . felt thank you , Mr. Dean . 56 int . felt office - FBI hq - day 56 Gray enter . sit heavily at felt 's desk . felt take he in . felt you know , you might want to stop go over to the White House . it could give some people the wrong idea . like they be tell you what to do . ( Gray just look at he , nervous ) gray we get a call from across the river . felt which river be that ? gray the potomac . the CIA . the CIA be tell we we need to taper off . felt ( calm , almost ironic , disbelief ) '' taper off ' ? the CIA ? gray we be get too close . felt too close to what ? gray I can not tell you . felt you can not , or you will not ? gray it 's a matter of national security . 57 44 , felt ( every syllable ) na-tion - al se-cur-i-ty ? Gray look like he want to shit , or puke . then hold up a finger , as in '' wait '' . and spin a pad on felt 's desk and draw five diamond in a circle . two more above . then connect the diamond with line . while he 's draw -- felt 's not look at the draw . he 's look at Gray . ignoring the speak word and look for the tell and tick . gray can we watergate investigation be contain to just this ? now felt 's eye fall on the diagram . hold . then they move from the folder to Gray 's eye and hold . a long beat . felt let I guess . this five here , they be the burglar ? ( Gray nod ) and that two at the top there , the ringleader , hunt and liddy ? gray ( yes yes ) John Mitchell will take responsibility for the whole miserable adventure . he 's agree . felt the former Attorney General have agree . to take the fall . ( Gray gesture , yes ) take the fall for who ? for what ? Gray just sit there . felt let he . then tap the folder . felt ( cont 'd ) this be the pawn . we want the one who move the pawn . int . executive wash room - FBI hq - day 57 bate be wash he hand . another agent take a leak . felt enter . wait in the middle of the room for the other agent to take he cue and split . felt flash bate a scrap of paper . 58 45 . felt I want you to disappear we investigation on this two name . get they off the interview list . bate ( read it ) I do not get it . they be nobody . felt just do it . then make sure you say you do it in Monday 's memo for the director . felt flush the piece of paper and leave . int . gray 's office - FBI hq - day 58 bate put a folder stamp '' confidential '' in front of Gray . gray thanks , Charlie . bate start to leave . Gray open the folder . Inside : a single piece of paper . pause . gray ( cont 'd ) how much of what we be get on watergate be I actually see ? ( bate turn at the door ) bate Mr. felt give I the headline , and I type it up , give Mr. felt the original , and bring a copy to you . ( --) Mr. felt do not want to waste you time with detail . gray okay . bate okay . Mr. Gray . ( and as he leave , we cut to - - ) 59 a60 60 46 . ext . pennsylvania ave - day 59 kunkel exit the Judiciary building on foot , head for the bus stop . voice ( 0.s. ) Mr. kunkel ! kunkel turn to find one of Gray 's accountant - like flack . gray 's flack director Gray want you to know that he understand you and you boy be do a helluva job . ( kunkel a little confuse , but -- ) kunkel tell Mr. Gray thank you . and not to worry , we will gather the whole ball of yarn . gray' flack Mr. Gray also want you to know that there be go to be a small change in procedure . in the information flow -- ( -- ) how , and , more precisely , where it flow . not just the headline , but the story itself . the detail , as it be -- kunkel do Mr. felt know ? gray' flack of course -- ( and cut hard to --) int . bedroom - felt home - night a60 audrey , deplete , open she closet . revealing a row of wig stand . head of hair . red. blonde . Falls . Bangs . one head empty . she peel back the piece on she head , revealing she own hair . place the wig on the stand , and then we -- int . bedroom - felt home - night 60 audrey 's eye pop awake in bed . she reach for felt . he 's not there . she get out of bed . 61 62 63 47 . track her as she sleepily move from bathroom to hallway in she robe , until she 's outside felt 's office . until she 's outside felt 's de . we hear the murmur of felt 's voice : felt 's voice ( over ) you be go to have to find that out , be not you ? ( and hang up , and --) audrey open the door , and go into -- int . felt 's basement office 61 felt 's seat at he raise desk , in he robe , smoking . audrey take a cigarette from he pack . he light it for she . they regard each other warily . audrey I never question anything , Mark . I never ask . in thirty year . felt what do you want to know ? ( and now ) what do you want to know ? she know he have never tell . he know she have never ask . audrey who can you talk to ? who do you talk to ? beat . he look at she . then , just -- felt I want you to put this desk back the way it be . ( and get up , and --) ext . back yard - felt home - morning 62 felt , in he swim suit , face a patch of forest behind the house . painting on a easel . felt 's picture be not genius , but it 's better than we might think . impressionistic , passionate . o.s. a phone inside start to ring . now cut to -- felt crossing he front yard to the curb , robe over he suit , 63 paint brush in hand . 64 65 48. felt climb into a government-issue sedan . bate and Miller up front . bate Angie lano call I last night . he tell I he have call the White House to schedule a round of interview . felt start tapping on the back of Miller 's seat with the brush . slow , metronome beat . bate ( cont 'd ) a half hour later the White House call back and say we can not talk to two of the guy because they be take off the list . ( pause ) it be the two name you give I . stop . felt hold the brush still . bate ( cont 'd ) how have the White House know ? felt I guess somebody tell they . bate the only people who know be I and you . miller and Mr. Gray . felt and Mr. Gray . ( and now cut to - - ) footage of rose garden news conference 64 nixon / footage we be do everything we can to investigate this watergate incident - — ( continue over - -) ext . FBI hq / pennsylvania ave - WASHINGTON - day 65 Gray exit , join the flow of federal employee on lunch break , as we be hearing - 66 49 . nixon / news conference ( over ) I be have White House legal counsel John Dean look into it , and he investigation have so far indicate that no one in the White House staff , no one in this administration , presently employ , be involved in this very bizarre incident -- ( cut to -- ) a reflection in a window . the reflection be felt 's . he 's in 66 he office , watch Gray disappear below into the crowd . nixon / news conference ( over ) ( cont 'd ) -- what really hurt in deal with wrongdo be if you try to cover it up . pan around to find Miller , bate and kunkel stand in the middle of the room . after a long and uncomfortable silence -- miller sit down , Mr. kunkel . kunkel sit , confuse . the other remain stand . felt Mr. bate tell I you have be give Mr. Gray everything we be collect on watergate . all we interview , we raw file . kunkel do I do something wrong ? felt do Mr. Gray tell you to bypass I ? kunkel he do not say it be a secret or anything . bate no , you just decide it be . kunkel but he say you know . miller how often ? do you give he we file ? 50 . kunkel every day . miller do he say why ? kunkel shake , no . felt do you ask ? kunkel he 's the director . bate acting director . felt and Miller exchange a look . felt how much have you give he ? kunkel it 's be a coupla week . bate Christ . a long silence . kunkel know he 's screw up . felt do you give the Attorney General any information about we investigation ? kunkel I do not talk to the Attorney General . felt do you , Mr. bate ? ( bate shake , no ) Mr. Miller ? ( Miller shake , no - - ) the Attorney General call I this morning . about something he could only have hear from the FBI . ( and now ) he 's put a box around watergate . we can not touch anything before the break - in . we have to stay away from all the White House corruption . ( in other word --) ( more ) 67 51 . felt ( cont 'd ) the crime that matter do not matter . ( and - - ) for the first time in its history , the FBI have be quarantine . crime it know about will go uninvestigate ( after a long pause ) thank you , Mr. kunkel . kunkel bate Mr. felt -- get out , Bob . and kunkel leave . when they be all alone . felt sit . felt with everything we have right now - if we could get indictment , in you opinion who have we get ? how high ? bate maybe Attorney General . felt what about the President ? stop . they look at he . bate what about he ? felt if the President 's lie ? bate be the President lie ? felt they be all lie . bate then yes . maybe the President . ( on the gravity of the moment , now cut to - - ) a tv 67 ABC news and jim mckay in a munich beer garden . the start of the Olympic less than a week away . while -- over , in pre - lap , a distant phone start to ring -- 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 52 . ext . WASHINGTON , DC - night - aerial 68 under the ringing phone , we begin a aerial tour of Federal power and legacy . a series of serene night - time postcard shot of the luminous Washington monument . the Capitol . then -- int . den - felt 's home - night 69 felt bath in blue tv light . special news bulletin : mask plo guerillas hold hostage israeli athlete on live tv . title : september 5 , 1972 as the phone still ringing , crescendo slightly , we cut to -- ext . WASHINGTON , DC - night - aerial 70 lincoln memorial ... jefferson Memorial ... now -- int . barn - felt family farm - iowa - day 71 under the same ringing phone : young MARK felt , age 9 , be bestow dominion over a young horse by he farmer father . family rite of passage . Young Mark 's loving pride over this animal . and now we back inside -- int . den - felt home - night 72 felt now , on the phone , eying tv coverage of the carnage of munich . Burning helicopter . burnt body . and as the ringing continue over -- ext . WASHINGTON , DC - night - aerial 73 we be over the Pentagon , slow over its majesty . then back to -- young MARK worry over the horse , which be clearly very 74 ill . felt 's father silently accuse he son . Young Mark grief-strick , fall to he knee and pray . back to -- the pentagon - now hovering overhead - 75 just hold there . then back to -- young MARK and father 76 77 78 79 80 53. stand over the horse , now collapse and struggle for breath . Mark 's face set with a expression we now know well : cage emotion . as Mark put a pistol to the horse 's temple . then -- young MARK on knee 77 scrubbing blood off the barn floor and wall . weeping silently with rage and -- CUT to black black screen . and stop . nothing . no sound . then : crack ! the gunshot . smash CUT to : felt 's eye ripping OPEN . 78 he 's lie in bed in the bedroom in the dark . woken from the memory . he look to audrey . she 's not there . the phone be ringing . ( the phone we have be hearing . ) felt ( pick up ) what be it ? ( and smash to --) that pentagon majesty ... then : 79 ka - boom ! ! a giant fireball rip through the Pentagon 's second floor . Burning glass and debris billow into the sky . now back to -- int . den - felt home - night 80 felt on the phone in he robe . at the window , look out into the back yard . gray / phone ( freak ) what about the White House ? felt it 's at the top of the Underground 's hit list . I tell you that three month ago . 54 . gray / phone ( panicked ) but can they really hit it ? felt they just hit the Pentagon . what felt be see outside : poolside , the cherry of a single cigarette surge in the night . the shape of audrey on a chaise . on the wall behind he , a portrait of Joan . gray / phone I want we to open file on every member of every counter - culture organization in the country . felt ( watch he wife ) they be mostly kid . we be look for killer , not moody teenager . gray / phone the President be fight for the White House -- felt that 's not my job . we need better intelligence , not paperwork -- gray / phone ( lose it ) the President need order ! I promise the President he have have order ! felt I will go to the Attorney General . gray / phone I already speak to the Attorney General . and there it be . beat of tense silence . gray / phone ( cont 'd ) I hear you and you wife be register Democrats , Mark . ( suddenly oddly personal ) I hope you be not go to let that get in the way . ( and Gray hang up , and -- ) felt lower into the chair . hold on he , then we find -- 81 82 83 84 55 . felt asleep . now snapping awake . Heard something . something 81 sharp . gunshot . felt audrey ? audrey ?! he 's up . running for the basement . the door open . felt bound down the stair . stopping -- felt ( cont 'd ) oh no -- oh no -- oh no ! we see what he see : audrey in a pool of her own blood . felt 's service revolver beside she . she 's blow she brain out . he 's on he knee . cradle she body , she head - the mess - in he hand . first the horse . now she . and now -- scrubbing the basement floor . scrub the mess away . as he 82 scrubbed the horse 's blood . sob . furiously . erasing the mess . now -- we hear footstep come down the stair . felt do not . audrey ( 0.s. ) Mark ? ( and now smash to -- ) omit . 83 int . basement office - felt 's home - later 84 audrey slow -step half - way down the step to the basement . she stop . then we hear why : this be the SOUND of felt sobbing . it could be that audrey 's never hear he cry before . come around on felt , awash in tear . about this and every other thing . audrey head back up . without go to he . hope he do not notice . he hear , turn to look for she just as she withdraw into the upper reach of the house . behind he now , no body . just felt on he knee in the middle of the floor . alone . and we go from that human loss to the mechanical clatter of -- a85 55a . ext . WASHINGTON park - morning a85 * pan across a dozen young protester waking from a night of sit - in protest , amid they trash and radical signage . camera find felt in he black suit step carefully among the kid . contemplate they face . felt hey ? + ( recognition ) hello ? * a pretty young woman stir . a baby boy in she arm . * young woman what the fuck , creep ! felt I be sorry . you look like my -- like someone I know . * young woman you look like a undertaker . + % felt I know what you mean . ( maybe laugh a little at himself ) what 's you name ? + of young woman you a cop ? + % felt I be just someone look for someone else . * young woman * April . felt April . pretty . how about you son ? young woman * River . felt River ? okay . River . you parent know you be out here ? 55b . young woman whoa , way early for the interrogation . but man , right now I just really wanna pee . felt maybe you can use a little help ? you and you boy there ? ( and reach for he wallet ) young woman I do not want you money . felt you parent would want someone to do this . they have want someone to take care of you . and he 's pull out a few ten . she will not take they . he put they in the baby 's little hand . they fall like leave and he pick they up and try again then just leave the girl and the money , and -- + + of + + 85 56 . int . intelligence unit - FBI hq - day 85 a giant computer spitting out a endless stream of name . Paper drift across the floor . felt watch with the young agent whose sorry job it be to keep a eye on all this . young agent ( no idea who felt be ) the radical youth list . felt now grab a handful of photo from a two - foot high stack . mug shot . surveillance photo . Year book photo . all young . some child . felt what do this people do ? young agent shoplift . cut school . wrote a angry letter to the White House . felt protestor ? young agent they too . do not take much this day . ( now felt pick up some of the print out and start to read ) felt where 's this data come from ? young agent CIA , FBI , NSA , local police , staty , time , Newsweek , speech , anonymous tip , high school yearbook . everywhere , nowhere . it 's like the machine 's out of control . no matter how much data we pour into it it 's still hungry . the photo . the name . felt this could be every kid in America . ( and grab a armful of print - out and exite ) young agent look for someone in particular ? 86 87 88 int . felt 's office - FBI hq - day felt enter with the print-out . carol ( urgent ) White House twice Attorney General three time and Mr. Gray 's wait -- felt drop the pile of paper on she desk . felt shred all this . ( then cut to - - ) int . hallway - FBI hq - day felt and Gray stride together down the hall . int . conference room - FBI hq - simultaneous bate and Miller and three other wait around a long table . felt and Gray enter . War room . felt ( nod to Miller ) go. miller the palestinian unit that slaughter the Israelis be go to try to hit we here . airport in New York , Baltimore , Los Angeles . gray this connect to the Pentagon ? miller the Palestinians be talk to the weather Underground . share information . we know that ; we just do not know what it mean . felt now we do . they be combine . they be multiply . all eye on felt . except felt 's . he 's stare at Gray . felt ( cont 'd ) Mr. Gray ? 57 . 86 87 88 58. gray ( out of he depth ) we sure about this ? ( Miller nod ) dammit . then hunt they . hunt they to exhaustion . no hold bar . felt you can tell the President the FBI will give he he order . gray I will leave you all to it then . ( and he leave , and --) miller we will never get warrant . not now . felt warrant ? we be not talk the kid sleep out there in the park . ( point out there ) we be talk about people who would burn you child alive in they bed . if people die because we stick to the letter of the law , we lose everything . include the law . ( and so now - - ) we be take off the glove . entry , tap . nothing on paper . no warrant . ( Miller and bate put down they pen ) Mr. Miller 's people report to Mr. Miller , Mr. Miller report to I -- miller just like the bad ole 's day . where 's Bill Sullivan when you really need he ? felt ( explode ) he 's over at the White House protect the nation by spying on Senators and they mistress ! here , let I give you he goddamn number , and you can go work with he ! instead of here , where we be just try to keep all this goddamn mess together ! 59 . stop . Long tense silence . felt never raise he voice . now -- all leave . miller ( voice of reason ) hey , look , we be on you side . all I be say be , that be all behind we . even Hoover know the dirty stuff be over . that 's why Bill 's go . ( -- ) all I be say be , everyone 's watch . ( and felt turn on he now ) felt how many more kid do we have to lose ? how many more do we just let vanish into eternity ? ( and they all know what he 's really talk about , what he really mean ; then ; steel ) [ I be not Bill Sullivan . ] this be still the goddamn FBI . except felt. and Miller . when they be alone -- miller I do not want to intrude -- felt then do not . miller hear anything ? from Joan ? felt ( softer than we expect ) nothing in six month . she could be anywhere . miller you think she 's involved ? in all this ? the Underground ? felt look at he . hit. internally buckle -- felt how could she . she 's just like I . exactly like I . ( and Miller nodd , yes , that 's it ) 89 90 60 . miller she worship you . you be she moon and star . ( --) she 's okay . I can feel it , Mark . and that stop he . '' Mark '' ? felt there 's a price to pay for what we do , Mr. Miller . there 's a price to pay for what we become . we all pay it , one way or another . ( and turn , and leave Miller stand there , and cut to --) int . felt 's office - FBI hq - day 89 felt shut the door , sit . take a breath . we pan around and see he 's contemplate that photo of Joan . carol / intercom ( over ) Mrs. felt on the phone . felt take a message . ( and -- ) take a stack of 50 blank envelope out of he briefcase . tap they to align edge . pull out he wallet , and out of that a fold piece of paper . push in close and we see a list of address write in felt 's impeccable calligraphy - like script . with painstake precision , felt start address envelope . each to a different address , but every one in California . int . felt 's home - later that night 90 indian summer . the air thick . felt enter in he suit , hat . felt audrey ? nothing . go deeper into the house . we pick up the SOUND of ice tumble in a glass . felt be stop in the de , by the sight of she outside , in the dark , pool light off . know what that mean . brace himself , and and he head out to -- 91 61 . ext . back yard - felt 's home 91 audrey 's smoking and drink on a chaise poolside , contemplate the night . felt approach . she hand the cigarette up . felt take a drag , hand it back . he sip at she drink . bottle of gin by she foot . audrey maybe she 's dead . maybe she just give up , do not think anyone care . or christ -- ( and wave at the wood ) maybe she never leave . maybe she 's right out there , watch we . to see what a man like you do when you daughter just vanish one night for no good reason . felt Joan have a reason for everything . audrey oh , [ here we go again ] it be my fault ? felt you hate she . audrey mother do not hate they daughter ! it 's just not always easy be one ! felt she be beautiful and smart . you dress she up like a doll . until she get old enough to look just like you . you be jealous . and you hate she for it -- audrey felt ( cont 'd ) Mark . do not -- you keep tell she to get out . until one day she listen to you . audrey felt ( cont 'd ) I be begging you listen to I . but she do -- I have no mother - audrey no. listen to I ! ( and she take he hand ) my mother be 47 when she have I . and my father just leave . ( more ) 62 . audrey ( cont 'd ) there be not many way for a woman to support herself , to survive -- ( and felt slow ; this be new ; hearing this for the first time --) -- so yes , she do , she give I up . to foster home . she do not want to lose she daughter completely . but then the orphanage . and then she just stop come back -- ( and stop herself ; this biblical realization ) felt lowering to a chair , light a cigarette . listen . always collect clue to he wife . as she go on -- audrey ( cont 'd ) and when I be eleven , I be place in that home , and I love it . they tell I to call they mom and dad . but they tell I to my face that they would keep I only until I go into puberty . as soon as I have my first period I be out , because they do not want to deal with all that . all that womanhood , and boy . so when I get my first period I do not want to leave . I hide the rag . and I have to use rag , to wash myself , after everyone go to bed so they would not know . and then they do find out . and then I be just go . ( -- ) and then I make it on my own . ( --) until you . my white knight . you be everything to I . the home we make be the only home I ever have . when you walk into a room you be the only thing I see . felt you be both mine . and now try to embrace she . mine . the phone start ringing inside the house . and just as quickly the moment be lose -- felt ( cont 'd ) audrey do not ( leave ) -- I need to get that . 63 . and he watch she cross to the kitchen and then to the phone . watch she through the window pick up the phone . chipper . like nothing have happen . audrey ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hello ? ... oh , hi , Margaret ... no I never make it , I be swamp with house work ... ( and now - - ) felt turn to the pool . stands there a beat . strip off he shirt . his pants . then slip into the water . until he 's go beneath a rash of bubbles . and we stay with -- felta Pov . look from the bottom up at a rectangle of sky . audrey in view , wavy through the interference of water . felt about to burst . but can not rise . hungry for the quiet and dark isolation . desperate for the safety of the come death . until a beat before drown we rise with he . and he explode to the surface , gasping for breath . and lift himself out of the pool . dripping and shiver . listen to audrey gossip , we begin to hear in pre - lap : attorney general richard kleindienst ( pre - lap ) Three -hundre thirty - three Agents from fifty - one field office around the country develop one- thousand eight -hundre and ninety - seven lead ... ( and we cut to --) the attorney general' tv news conference attorney general richard kleindienst / tv ... one - thousand five-hundred and fifty - one interview , spend fourteen - thousand ninety - eight man hour . watergate be the most intensive , objective and thorough investigation in the history of the U.S. Attorney 's office and the FBI . ( more ) 64 . attorney general richard the justice Department have now complete its criminal investigation without implicate any present official of either the White House or the Committee to re - elect the President . lano ( 0.s . ) complete ?? what the hell ? ( pull back to reveal --) int . FBI - WASHINGTON field office - day 92 lano and kunkel watch the tv . ten Agents crowd the door . kunkel ( 0.s. ) somebody get I felt on the phone . as the news cut to a simultaneous JOHN dean news conference kunkel ( cont 'd ) hold on -- wait a second . dean / tv tye to the White House ? two former White House people , low level , indicted , one consultant and one member of the domestic Council staff . that 's not very much of a tie . ( then ) I understand the FBI 's watergate investigation be in a state of repose and unlikely to be reopen . ( and back to --) kunkel anybody tell we this thing be over ?! news anchor / tv ( over ) meanwhile , just forty - two day before election day , President Nixon 's approval rating continue to rocket -- kunkel mute the tv . kunkel where the hell 's felt ? or bate . goddammit get felt on the phone ! 93 65 . lano I can not . kunkel why the hell not ? lano because he 's right there . they turn to the shitty little tv . and so do we : where felt be stand like a stone lion on one side of the Attorney General , Gray on the other . match bookend of authority . play he role . then cut to -- int . gray 's office - FBI hq - day 93 felt enter . disturb by what he 's just do . gray how 's home , Mark ? felt why do you ask ? gray that daughter of yours ? Jill ? felt joan. gray I hear she 's terrific . fulbright scholar ! first girl in the country ! chip off the old block . ( after a heavy silence ) have a seat . ( felt stay stand , which Gray note - '' okay '' - but just --) I want you to be the first to hear my statement to the press . ( read ) ' no pressure have be put on I or any of my special agent in the FBI 's investigation , and that it strain 's -- I think I would just nip this in the bud -- ' it strain credulity that President Nixon could have do a con job on the whole american people . 's ( look up ) what do you think ? 94 66 . felt it 's just fine . gray we job be do . tie up the loose end . then shut it all down . ( and after a beat - -) felt ( simply ) okay . int . conference room - FBI WASHINGTON field office - day 94 the daily meeting . all 27 Agents . felt and bate against the back wall . all acutely aware of - and not particularly happy with - they presence . kunkel ( grim ) the Democrats issue a statement this morning . ( read ) '' the FBI 's watergate investigation be a whitewash - - '' push in on felt while hearing the rest of this . he redden . jaw clenches . hand clench into fist ... kunkel ( over ) ( cont 'd ) -- " what be involved here be not only the political life of this nation , but the very morality of we leader at a time when the United States desperately need to revitalize its moral standard -- '' ( it 's kill felt , like nothing else could kill felt ) that 's it . despondent silence . nothing leave to say . then -- felt well , gentleman , here 's what we know . we know what we have hear out of the Department of justice the last two day be bullshit . ( he have they attention ) we know the man who break into the watergate be not the end of this thing but the beginning . ( more ) 95 96 67 . felt ( cont 'd ) we know this be the latest link in a chain of illegal covert intelligence operation by the President 's re-election campaign . we know we be face obstruction from multiple front . from the White House . from the Central Intelligence Agency . from the Attorney General of the United States . who be we boss . ( --) it be not we job to speculate on the involvement of the President . it be we job to follow the bread crumb . but that bread crumb appear to be take we on a tour of the West wing of the White House , and in the general direction of the oval Office . we also know we have be order to shut down we pursuit of all this as of today . and we know that except for the thirty man in this room no one in the entire country know any of this , and may never know any of this -- unless we tell they . ( and now ) no one can stop the drive force of a FBI investigation . not even the FBI . the agent be stunne . energize . felt outwardly calm , but as we move in tighter , we see he be vibrate with rage . felt ( cont 'd ) so what else ? ( and then we find he - -) ext . 10 th and pennsylvania - day 95 felt and bate walk briskly back to FBI hq . int . felt office - FBI hq - day 96 carol sorting felt 's mail . come on one of the envelope felt have mail . it 's stamp ' return to sender 's . she add it toa stack of five just like that . she walk the envelope to felt . 97 98 99 68. felt stare at the '' return to sender '' . he pull out the list of address , neatly check off the one that have come back . it 's almost half of they now . he unlock a bottom drawer and lift out a neat stack of twenty of the same envelope . look up . Carol have not move . she be stand in the middle of the room look at he . connect and speak with she eye . and , finally , nod . of know . and support . ext . back yard - felt home - next day 97 felt sit at he easel . Autumn leave whirlpool around he . his paint brush a inch away from the surface , freeze mid-air . his eye fix we think on the wood , contemplate maybe the lean of a tree . now cut to -- int . / ext . dance studio - simultaneous 98 through a wall of window glass let out onto the street , we see audrey in private class with a young instructor . he 's sexy , virile . she be heavily make up . we stay wide , long . they salsa excellently across the frame . sultry . Close . now intercut -— felt at he easel . pan around and see the canvas be perfectly white . and he eye fix not on a tree but a idea . and back to -- audrey and instructor , gyrate , spin . faster like a top pick up speed . head tip . drunk . in both way . then cut back to and -- push in close on the tip of felta brush . a bead of paint drop , and we follow its fall ... and as it splashes on felt 's knee -- ext./ int . laundromat / felt 's car - night 99 felt 's buick pull up . stop at a phone booth . rain drum hard against the window . felt 's not get out . he 's sit there watch the rain . on the seat beside he , and FBI memo stamp '' confidential '' . push in on the memo . tight on : '' shipley ... segretti . White House ... political espionage ... sabotage ... now up to -- felt . he 's think about he life and its consequence . 69 . this be very much like that moment in the life of a man who have not yet cheat on he wife , but who be stare at a motel room door , on the other side of which lie a woman with whom there will be no debate . once he go through that door life as he know it will never be the same . felt get out of the car . step into the booth . dime . dial . voice / phone ( pick up --) who 's this ? felt I be go to give you the name of a man who be ask to go to work for the Nixon administration in a unusual way . voice / phone what be you talk about ? felt I be talk about political sabotage , crime conceive in the White House , and run out of the White House . ( pause ) it 's all link . voice / phone to what ? felt watergate . ( now a long quiet , then - -) there be only one way to understand what watergate really mean , and this be it . ( then ) the name be Alex shipley . shipley . he life in Nashville . the man who approach he be a lawyer out of L.A. name Donald segretti . segretti . s-e-g-r-e-t-t-i . ( then ) shipley can tell you everything you need to know . voice / phone will shipley talk ? felt I guess you be go to have to find that out . ( more ) 70 . felt ( cont 'd ) ( then ) one more thing . this come from confidential FBI file . the Department of justice have it . the White House have it . and now you have it . voice / phone why do you have it ? felt you will have to find that out , too . ( --) but first I want you to give it to somebody for I . voice / phone who be I suppose to be ? felt you be a government lawyer , be not you ? just tell they that . ( and we fall back outside , past the glass ) and watch felt continue talk for a moment . then he hang up , and we smash cut to -- 100 int . / ext . felta buick ( moving ) / street - night 100 felt slow up to and stop outside the dance studio . he watch the Young instructor work a class of adult . his hand liberally on the hip of someone else 's wife . 101 int . felt office - FBI hq - day 101 felt sphinx - like at he desk with a expression of bored hostility . bate and kunkel monitoring against the wall . pan to the man lowering himself in the chair across from felt : 27 , tweed jacket , earnest , nervous : bob woodward . woodward ( flustered ) Mr. felt -- felt a pleasure to meet you . 71 . woodward ( confuse , a little panicked ) I do not have much time to prepare . bate the FBI like to extend courtesy to the press whenever it can , and Mr. felt have a sudden open . so , the usual rule . Mr. felt will only confirm or deny . nothing on the record or on background . woodward look to felt . felt be imperious and blank . felt nod . woodward ( make it up ) okay , so , regard the break - in at the watergate . we have hunt stand outside the hotel that night . felt I 'il confirm . woodward and we have two ex - CIA and two ex - FBI agent involved . woodward dutifully make a note . woodward ( cont 'd ) and this check deposit in the account of one of the burglar . ( woodward and felt hold a look ) it be a CIA account , correct ? felt that be true . but I will not confirm . woodward you just say it be true . felt that do not mean we want people to know that it 's true . so I will not confirm it . woodward I need more detail . felt get it somewhere else . 72 . pause . woodward look again to felt for a sign . nothing . bate ( surprised ) that 's it ? that 's what you want ? you know how many people get to sit in that seat ? woodward take a breath , throw what he guess be the pass he be bring here to throw . woodward just one more thing , I guess . someone identify himself as a ' government lawyer 's call my colleague at the Post , Carl bernstein , two night ago . he give we a name . ( read from note ) Alex shipley . bate and kunkel shoot each other a amaze look . felt 's face simply do not move . kunkel where have you get that ? woodward he 's the Assistant Attorney General of Tennessee . bate we know who he be . woodward but be shipley a FBI target ? kunkel bate no comment ! we be not go to comment on that . felt I be not go to comment on that . woodward shipley tell my colleague -- kunkel you already speak to shipley ?! 73. woodward shipley be recruit - they try to recruit he - to perform political espionage on behalf of the Nixon administration . he give we the name of the recruiter . ( from note ) Donald c. segretti. felt : nothing . bate no comment ! woodward segretti we know be a former treasury Department lawyer -- bate no comment ! felt no comment . stop . silence . woodward look up , bemuse . know now why felt bring he here -- woodward but I have not ask anything yet . smash CUT to : carol shove woodward out the door , then back to -- felt , bate and kunkel . bate Jesus christ who the hell 's talk to this guy ? kunkel ' government lawyer 's could be ten thousand people in this town . they be semi-hysterical . felt calm as shit . felt get Mr. lano over to the Post . find out where they be get they information . kunkel gladly . * 74 . felt and I want all we office sweep for bug . today . kunkel who would be crazy enough to bug the FBI ? ( felt and bate look at each other ) bate whoever think they need to know what we know . 102 int . kitchen - felt home - night 102 phone ring . audrey ( pick up ) hello ? felt / phone ( another extension ) I have it . ( she keep listen ; a silence , then - -) please hang up . she will not let go . then she do . and go to the sink . felt enter . audrey be you have a affair , Mark ? ( --) because I be start to wish you be . felt be you ? ( but do not mean to say it , and before she can answer ) they have unplugge the system , and the FBI system be beautiful . we all know where we fit in . ( --) we do we job and the machine get it right . ( --) there be no heroes . not now . not anymore . 103 75 . felt exit , cross to the driveway to he car in the carport . he get in , and he back out , and then we cut to -- ext . laundromat - later that night 103 felt in the phone booth . woodward / phone summon I to the FBI like that -- felt ( into phone ) it be not about you . we conversation have to be protect . ( then ) where do you get shipley ? woodward / phone the source will not give he name . felt shipley 's good information . you be on it now ... but we can not do this by phone any more . this be more dangerous than you realize . woodward / phone how dangerous ? felt when we meet you 's 1ll have to observe strict rule of counter - surveillance . how do you leave you apartment ? woodward / phone Front door . felt ( into phone ) take the alley . do not drive you own car . take a taxi but switch taxie mid-way . take the time you need . one hour , two hour . I will not care if you be late , but if you be be follow do not come near I . ( he look at he watch ) 2 a.m . ( and hang up ) 104 105 76 . omit 104 int . garage - night 105 a man stand submerge in shadow . we be in a parking garage . the man be smoking . it 's only when the cherry surge that we see it 's felt . woodward approach . they stand there in silence . both anxious , but for different reason . then : felt the story be not move . everyone stop listen to you . woodward we be lose in detail . felt that 's they plan . they want everyone confuse . confusion be control . a pause . woodward be lose . woodward this be hard . felt of course it 's hard . ( --) you talk now . woodward we find segretti . felt segretti 's important but do not fall in love with he . he connect the piece , but it run all over the map . ( --) everything be part of it . it 's a monster . ( then ) the truth could ruin the administration , and I mean ruin . ( woodward just look at he , then - - ) 77 . woodward how high . do it go ? and felt a sudden recoil of shame , regret -- felt woodward ( cont 'd ) I have to do this my way ! ( flash of anger ) there 's no go back now ! a match flare . now we really see why felt 's stretch this out . he 's nervous . afraid . he seem thin . worn . felt you still do not understand what I be give you . ( --) watergate be just a little corner of a massive conspiracy . campaign spying and sabotage . everyone and everything - and I mean everyone - be involved . ( woodward scribbling ) the FBI do its job . it 's all in the file . if you put out the right story the public will scream . the Attorney General will have to let I keep go . woodward when you do , what be you go to find ? they look at each other , think . felt this be dangerous stuff you be play with . especially if it 's know before November 7th . woodward ( realize ) Election day . 78 . felt the White House be behind everything . but if they get past the election , they be home free . the President be safe . and now he realize . woodward the President . that 's how high . felt turn away . we think for good . then stop . lean against a car . bend he knee , slowly lower . until he 's sit on the cold cement . tire . at the end of something . woodward sit on the garage floor opposite he , cross-legged . woodward ( cont 'd ) my editor know . that I be talk to somebody . ( felt look up sharply ) but not who . they do not ask . [ like they be afraid to know . ] ( felt look furious ) I be not go to tell anyone who you be . that 's the deal , I understand . ( --) but they know it 's someone deep inside . someone who can see everything . no one understand how one person know so much . felt no one can possibly know how much I know . he mean about everything , of course . not just this . a pause , then -- woodward with all this mystery , there 's a nickname for you at the paper . ( --) ' deep Throat 's . felt stare at he . as if not metabolize . as if not have hear . then he look form a shape : distaste , disgust . woodward ( cont 'd ) they do not know what else to call you . + of * 79 . felt they should not have to call I anything . ( --) take out you notebook . there 's more . ( and now we cut to - - ) 106 ext . felt home - morning 106 audrey stand barefoot on the lawn , the Washington Post in she hand . she 's scan the front page . title : october 10 , 1972 push in close on the paper - headline : '' FBI find Nixon aide sabotage Democrats '' . audrey ( pre - lap ) ( read ) '' FBI agent have establish that the watergate bugging incident stem from a massive campaign of political spying and sabotage conduct on behalf of President Nixon 's re-election ... '' 107 int . kitchen - felt home - same 107 felt stir he folger 's at the kitchen sink . reading to he from the table . audrey '' , ..and direct by official of the White House and the Committee for the re-election of the President . Nixon know that something be be do . it 's a typical deal , segretti say . it 's don 's t-ask - and - I - will not -tell . '' felt 's spoon stop . audrey ( cont 'd ) '' ' there be some very powerful information , 's say one federal official . ' especially if it 's know before November 7th . 's '' ( and look at felt ) Election day -- felt I know what day it be . a108 108 80 . audrey '' the FBI find '' ? this be you -- holding on felt 's calm mask . as he get up to face everything this day will bring , pick up he hat , briefcase , head out -- audrey ( cont 'd ) what be they go to do to we ? ( then smash to -- ) int . felt 's buick ( stationary a108 in the driveway . engine run . felt 's face all wrong . gripping the wheel . listen to -- news broadcast / radio ( over ) -- the White House be vigorously denounce the story in the Washington Post this morning accuse the administration of engage in a secret political war . White House press secretary ron Ziegler be call the story a '' pack of scurrilous lie and innuendo base on faceless cowardly source inside the Department of justice . '' ( and now smash to -- ) int . FBI hq - day 108 felt step out of a crowded elevator , have the breezy workaday exchange a man who run the FBI would have . car radio ( over ) White House be call the story a '' pack of scurrilous lie and innuendo base on faceless cowardly source inside the Department of justice . '' as felt go deeper into hq , felt 's Pov ( which be we Pov ) literally warp : hyper-aware of Agents carry copy of the Post , read the woodward / bernstein story . he imagine every face , every gesture , every set of eye accuse he . they know it be he . 109 110 111 81 . carol ( take he hat and coat ) the director want you immediately . she know it be he . int . gray 's office - FBI hq - continuous 109 felt enter . the Post sit on Gray 's desk . it 's be obsessively mark with line and question mark . gray ( pick up the paper ) he 's here , Mark , have to be . there 's a spy in the FBI . int . FBI hq - day - a close door 110 gray ( over ) ( scream ) '' , .. FBI agent have establish " ?? ( obviously read from the story ) '' one federal investigative official say ... accord to FBI report ... '' ( then ) that 's US , goddammit ! 111 int . FBI - WASHINGTON field office - day felt , Gray and bate stand at the top of a conference room . they be face kunkel , lano and the 26 field Agents of the Washington field Office . close on felt with Gray , rake cold condemnation over the man . gray ( seethe ) there be information in here that the Bureau only get 72 hour ago ! gentlemen , be you goddamn joke ?? ( then ) Mr. felt , you have something you want to say . 82 . felt the last few day I have hear various people accuse Mr. lano of leak to the press . lano ( redden ) you have get to be kid I . murmur . eye turn on lano . felt and that he and certain newspaper reporter have be see together . lano think I be gonna be sick . now bate begin what will become a long escalate stare at felt , put something together . felt I want to say to you , Mr. lano , in front of everyone here , that I know this be vicious lie by jealous agent . you be do a fine job , and no matter what the director and I will support you . felt nod it back to Gray . gray I may not be a FBI lifer like some of you . I be certainly no Mark felt . since I arrive here I have put up with paranoia , insubordination , second -guess . gentlemen , it 's come to Jesus time . whoever the leaker be , whoever be the juda among you betray I , the other good man in this room , he family , God , not to mention the Bureau and the legacy of J. Edgar Hoover , step forward . right here . right now . stop . a hugely tense and awkward moment . felt - outwardly on fire ... but closer : a trace of sweat -- eye flick face to face . who know ? which one know ? kunkel - stare at he shoe , humiliate . lano - fuck you . and back to -- 112 83. felt - stronger and safer every second that tick by . and back to -- bate - he 's stare at felt . do not want to be think what he 's think . but here he be think it . no one 's step forward . Gray stalk out . bate now absolutely can not take he eye off felt . because bate really know . the room empty . lano pull bate aside . lano ( whisper ) hey , Charlie , we get a office pool go across the street on who the leak be . my money 's on you . int . bate 's office - FBI hq - day 112 bate pack year of memorabilia , file and junk into box . kunkel wander in . bate what 's the body count ? kunkel eight so far . you , I , a few guy on my team . bate Angie ? kunkel ( shake no ) the guy 's a cockroach . he have survive a nuclear blast . bate where they send you ? kunkel St. Louis . you ? bate San Francisco . kunkel at least it 's Frisco . 84 . bate yeah ? good. ( tear up ) yeah . kunkel how many year you put in here , Charlie ? bate the whole run . my kid be bear here . a long beat , then -- kunkel do you know ? ( bate just look at he ) about felt . bate what about he ? a long pause . bate ( cont 'd ) do you ? kunkel seem to sag . implode . shrink . kunkel I do now . bate some thing be bigger than you and I , Bobby . it have to be that way . kunkel wait , but there 's nothing else to say , so he just leave . nixon in black tie on tv address a campaign dinner : crowd ( tv ) four more year !!... four more year ! ! nixon ( tv ) do I hear right , my friend ? be we not twenty point ahead ?! pull back to reveal the tv 's in 113 int . bar - night a cop-and -fireman joint . felt , Miller and bate drink at the bar . Miller bring over beer . bate I appreciate you take the time , Mr. felt . felt look at he . miller ( quietly ) Mark -- felt I always take care of my people , Mr. bate . in fact , my father always say to I , ' Mark , whatever we do , we have to make we life vector . line with force and direction . 's 85 . 113 and make some stabbing motion with he hand . forward . Force . bate and Miller exchange a glance . felt 's drunk as shit . felt ( cont 'd ) so he give I a horse . yeah , I hadda horse . when I be a boy . my daddy give it to I to teach I how to protect something , bring it along , be a man about thing . a man with vector . more stabbing . they be nodd . pretend to understand . felt ( cont 'd ) catch sick . bad sick . I get on my knee and pray to God to save that horse , and to save I . because everything I be be on the line , Mr. Miller . miller I know . felt pride , faith in God , my father 's respect . ( beat ; then ) he put the gun in my hand and say I have to shoot that horse myself . ( more ) + % + 85a . felt ( cont 'd ) and I look the horse in the eye and I shot he look he straight in the eye . ( to Miller ) I destroy that sick horse the way you have to destroy anything that be sick beyond repair . to rescue it from its agony . miller Mark -- ( and make a move to take he away , but --) felt and the agony it cause everyone else . Mr. bate . blood never really come off wood plank , you know . seep in like paint . ( then ) fail that horse ... fail my father ... fail . and so have to destroy . crowd ( over ) ( tv ) four more year !!... four more year ! ! ee + % 114 115 86 . angle - tv Nixon flash he Victory v's . bate that 's a sad story , Mr. felt . felt 's emotional . drunker than they think . vulnerable . bate ( cont 'd ) Mr. felt ? bate be go to do it , ask he straight out . Miller can feel it come . felt turn , huh ? miller ( low ) what be you do , Charlie ? ( long excruciate beat ) do not -- felt ( he imperiousness return ) what be it , Mr. bate ? bate can not do it . raise a glass : bate here 's to you . bravo . they toast . felt San Francisco , Charlie . plum assignment . they be go to send you to omaha . want you to know . I watch out for my man and they family . int . felt 's home - later that night tick-tock go the clock . the herd of china elephant keepin watch . Efrem Zimbalist Jr. wheel and fire from the wall of the de . int . basement office - same felt 's smoking at he desk , coltrane play in the b.g. a little unsteady , a little drunk . let he eye close . slowly 114 g 115 116 87 . smoke curling up he face . deeply listen to the music . the saxophone run and the control chaos of the improv . the gunfire drum . his eye open . vigilant . he take out of he briefcase two more ' return - to- sender 's letter . pull the address list out of he wallet . be refold and thumbed up a hundred time now . felt check off this last address . flatten the list on the desk . we move in on the list : just one address leave : Genesis commune , Ben lomand , California . felt pick up the phone . dial . and we cut to -- int . a dark bedroom - simultaneous 116 the phone ring . bate fumble for the receiver , turn on the bed light . his wife wake up . bate hello ? ( now intercutte - -) felt one last thing before you leave we , Mr. bate . bate of course . hold on . ( and reach for something to write on ) felt Genesis commune . Ben lomand . California . bate scratch down the name . felt ( cont 'd ) check it thoroughly . bate do we think the Underground 's there ? felt no muscle , Mr. bate . nothing in the file . I want you to handle it personally . 117 118 88. bate I do not understand . what be we look for ? felt Joan felt . my daughter . Long pause . bate be the morning okay ? or right now ? tonight ? felt bate ( cont 'd ) Morning 's fine . and Mr. yes , Mr. felt ? bate . felt you can leave what you find with Mr. Miller . bate Mr. Miller . good night , sir . felt good night . ( and hang up , and --) int . FBI hq - morning 117 felt come in . but he 's not the first one in this morning . gray 's office door be open . we push into the office . find JOHN dean talk to Gray . Dean turn , lock eye with felt . Gray close the door . int . felt 's office - FBI hq - later 118 felt enter . find Gray sit in he chair . ( internally , drive felt crazy . ) gray this leak be drive the White House crazy . ( and look up ) the White House think it know who it be . he 's here . in the FBI . ( and then ) you name come up . stop . Long beat . felt 's head have fill with a low - level hum , like static interference . 89 . felt do you have any idea what that would mean ? gray treason . for one . betrayal of everything the FBI stand for . for another . ( and then ) everything you stand for . the hum crescendo . what do he miss ? who overhear he ? now felt eye the room for a good place to plant a bug . felt so why would I do it ? gray I do not know . I can not imagine they think . felt why do not they fire I ? gray they be terrify of you . you know everything . ( --) to they , the only thing worse than keep you be fire you . the hum dominant now . felt 's pov pinball around the room now : where 's that damn bug ? gray ( cont 'd ) Dean do say something strange . apparently they know everything go on inside we shop . they have a '' source '' . felt Inside the FBI ? gray he say they hear everything . ( hold , then smash to ) al19 felt feeling under the desk . Gray 's leave the room . felt 's a119 alone . eyeball every surface , every corner . mrs . tschudy enter with a stack of folder . carol can I get you a aspirin ? 119 90 . felt have Mr. bate sweep we office for bug . carol Mr. bate be go , Mr. felt. felt have Mr. Miller do it . carol we just have you office sweep , Mr. felt. felt do it again ! and Carol bolt . felt 's stare hard at Joan 's picture on the wall . he take it down , tear the paper back . nothing . now , smash to -- felt in a sweat , bolting into the house . 119 now run he finger along the edge and corner of everything . we be in he house . he 's peer behind he poster ... under he desk ... aim a flashlight in the heating grate . audrey follow he from room to room . he unscrew the mouthpiece of the kitchen phone . she 's stand , watch . audrey do they know ?! felt do they know what --? what ?? what do you think they know ? what be there to know ? ( explode at she ) can you for once in you life just shut up , audrey !! just shut the hell up ! and as audrey freeze , felt run . we follow he to the back , edging the pool , toward the pitch dark of the wood behind , right to the edge of it . defiance . it 's he against the infinite black wall of night . felt ( cont 'd ) c'mon ! here I be ! ... c’mon ! 120 121 91 . int . gray 's office - FBI hq - day 120 felt and Miller . felt back to he compose imperious self . felt I ask Mr. Miller to join we as a witness . ( heavy silence ; then ) this be my fault . it be I . Miller and Gray stare at he , stunne . gray ( confuse ) Mark , what be you say ? felt everything that happen inside this building be my responsibility . if there be a rat , if the White House have someone inside the Bureau , I should know . so it 's on I . ( and so ) I want you permission to do a full internal investigation . i’1l bring down a inspection team from New York . I want everyone who 's be in contact with the watergate file polygraph . i’1l run it myself . gray ( and throw a glance at Miller ) they 's 11 hate you for it . felt everything be on the line . we be run out of time . ( and cut to - - ) angie lano 's face filling the screen , stuck in a sneer . 121 pull back to reveal a interrogation room . lano 's hook up to a polygraph machine , answer a polygrapher 's question . reverse angle - through a one - way mirror be a observation room . felt watch with Miller . felt ( cont 'd ) how many be that ? 122 92 . miller Fifteen total . Mr. lano 's the last . * and we do not have a thing . ( troubled ) have the FBI ever do this to its own ? felt I want Mr. lano to sign a swear affidavit that he have not pass information to woodward or bernstein or any other reporter . I want everyone in the Washington field Office to sign one . Miller look at he . miller you be humiliate they . through the glass lano be ripping off the wire and electrode . the polygrapher step out . polygrapher okay be you ready ? miller for what ? polygrapher * the polygraph . miller never . polygrapher * his own order . no exception . lano have step out . lano * I nil tell you one thing . it 'il make all this go down easier for the rest of we . lano glare . felt imperious , opaque . a long pause . felt 's cornere . nowhere to look . turn right into it . to Miller . felt ( the bluff ) do it , Mr. Miller . set it up . int . felt 's office - FBI ho - day 122 felt at he desk . 93. carol / intercom Mr. Dean at the White House . felt ( pick up ) Mr. Dean . dean / phone Pat Gray be quite take by the way you have take charge . he say you insisted on have yourself polygraph but you own man would not allow it . ( then ) lucky for you , I guess . beat . then they both laugh . dean / phone ( cont 'd ) nothing like this in the history of the FBI , I understand . they both wait for the other to blink . felt can wait all day . dean / phone ( cont 'd ) you do not have it yet . felt progress be slow . pause . tense silence . dean / phone this must be very uncomfortable for you . ( and hold on felt - - ) crowd ( pre - lap ) nixon ( pre - lap ) four more year ! four more it be a great victory , but year the great the victory , the great the responsibility , the great the opportunity ! the applause crescendoing as we cut to -- nixon on tv speechify through a confetti rain . nixon / tv ... dedicate ourselves to that great goal that I have discuss at such great length throughout this campaign -- ( and now ) 123 94 , int . den - felt 's home - night 123 felt and audrey watch tv . walter cronkite / tv ( over ) ( broadcast ) with a more than 22 % margin of victory , some be refer to this as the great victory in american political history . felt rise , shut it off . he leave the room . we follow he through the house room to room . to the phone . he pick it up but do not dial . he just listen a long beat . put it down . cross to the window and peer out . STREET - a FBI car sit out front . two Agents watch the house . we hold on this , suddenly not know - as felt suddenly do not know - who that agent really be . the phone ring . felt ( pick up ; into phone ) hello ? ( silence ) hello ? ( nothing ) hello ? o.s. a door slam . audrey have go upstairs . felt be stare at the phone . felt ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) be someone there ? now we hear what he hear : ( over ) a pattern of click and hiss . felt hang up . tap tap . felt whirl . jumpy . it 's a tree . scrape the glass . nothing . back to the window , peer through the curtain . the street be empty . 124 125 95 . fade to black . ext . 10 th and pennsylvania - day - aerial shot and up to 124 felt 's buick join the traffic past the Capitol , whirlpool past the lincoln Memorial . the car stop past a bus stop along the potomac . felt park , exit , and -- ext . bench - street - same felt sit beside a man in a trench and hat . felt the knife be out . man more than you know . felt be I safe ? man no one be . you be be watch . the White House be go to sanitize the entire town . ( then ) the director of Central Intelligence will be go by morning . felt why . man apparently , he could not smoke you out fast enough . ( felt look at he , but say nothing ) the source . of that storey . after a pause . felt where do the CIA stand ? 125 126 96 . man the CIA be building a wall . we 'il stay out of you way , but if we be force to protect ourselves we will . ( then ) the FBI will never reach the CIA on this . felt and the White House ? man the CIA 's position be , president come and go . the CIA stay . the FBI stay . we be the constant . felt up , about to walk away . man ( cont 'd ) almost forget . time Magazine 's person of the Year be go to be Richard Nixon . think you have like to know . ( --) happy holiday . int . felt home - christmas day 126 under lawrence welk 's Christmas Carol schmaltz : a norman rockwellian gingerbread happiness . a dozen stocking a- hang . crackle fire in the hearth . a Christmas tree afloat on a sea of unwrapped toy . pan across the table : felt and audrey , Ed and Pat Miller . the Miller 's three young child . all before they perfect , shiny Christmas dinner . felt , the patriarch , carve the perfect turkey . now felt be play with Miller 's littlest girl . on he back , give she a plane ride . the girl screeching with delight . audrey stand in the kitchen doorway , watch . drink . audrey Mark ! ( lose in the laughter ) do you do that on purpose ? felt what ? C ’mon , we be just have fun . audrey start to cry . Pat Miller go to audrey . 97 . PAT miller honey . what be we do wrong ? audrey he 's always play he game . PAT miller what game , honey ? audrey he know -- ( and now Ed Miller ) you know . PAT miller honey we all care so much . audrey you blame I , all of you ! he do ! ( felt ; not explode ) what do you all want from I ! to laugh and sing ? ! felt do you think you be the only one in pain ?! can not you see anything except how it affect you ?! audrey no ! I can not ! it 's just maybe I ’ma little more honest about it -- ( a awkward quiet , and Pat pull she into the foyer , the two woman ) do not you dare say anything until you know what it 's like to come home and one of that child be just go . because it ’1ll happen to you , too --! Pat , stung , lean in anyway . eye moist . stoic . PAT miller it 's easy to be great when they be baby , be not it . then they become people , and you have to deal with they . just like everyone else . ( and as she go out --) 127 int . joan 's room - felt home - night 127 felt stand in the middle of the room . the room be empty , cleaned out , all sign of human life erased . hold ... then -- 128 129 130 131 132 a_ sequence of tv news shot 128 the watergate burglars filing into a Washington DC courtroom , take the oath ... anchor ( over ) as the trial of the five man accuse of break into the watergate Hotel continue , alleged ringleader G. Gordon liddy ple guilty to six felony count . howard hunt give a press conference ... howard hunt no higher - up be involved in the break - in . the burglars now stand at a news conference podium . anchor ( over ) claim no connection whatsoever to the White House , the watergate burglar change they mind and ple guilty to all eight count ... ext . felt home - night a limo idle at the curb , in a swirl of snow . the door to felt 's home open . felt cross shrugging on a coat , and -- int . limo felt slide in next to Gray . gray the President tell I the unthinkable have happen : he actually miss Hoover . Hoover would have get the dog off he , he say . he have have everyone scared to death . felt stare out the window . into a fresh snowfall . gray ( cont 'd ) the White House be go to make I director permanently . felt congratulation . 129 130 131 132 133 134 99 . gray Bill Sullivan will be my number two. ( and wait for felt 's reaction ) that sit there . Long enough for the ramification to strike both man . felt do not so much as blink . then -- gray ( cont 'd ) you know what the President say to I today ? he say , ' the Germans have the right idea during World War ii . if they go through a town and one of they soldier get hit by a sniper , they would line up the whole goddamn town and kill everyone 's . he say it 's time to clean out the FBI . felt you know what that will mean for I . gray remember , they be afraid of you . the President say you know everything there be to know in the FBI . ( --) Mark . if you do know something , you could come to I . we have be able to work it out together . we could do something about it . nothing . pause . felt start to get out -- gray ( cont 'd ) I can not protect you any more . just give they what they want . the traitor 's head on a platter . ( and then we find -- ) ext . felt home 133 felt watch the limo 's taillight recede , then to -- int . joan 's room - felt home 134 felt enter . audrey close behind . look for a place to be alone . enter here . the one room he know audrey will not enter . close the door on she . 135 a136 136 100 . audrey Mark ? ( stare at the wood , and now intercut ) felt on the other side . they forehead connect by wood . audrey ( cont 'd ) I know you do it to save we from that lunatic . felt squeeze he eye . she feel he there , reach for where he head would be . then turn . back against the door . guarding he . then -- int . elevator - FBI hq - next morning 135 felt on he way up alone . Doors open . a half - dozen agent step on . Sullivan among they . sullivan Nice to see you . felt what bring you back ? sullivan two word . re-venge . Sullivan push out . the door close . and we find felt in -- int . hoover 's office - FBI hq - day a136 his and we first time in since he claim the throne as he . now , it be lose . as he stand there before all he have fail , we cut to -- Carol wait for he outside . until she can not wait any more . carol tschudy Mr. felt. Mr. Miller be on the phone . ( now cut to - -) int . / ext . felta car / FBI garage - that day 136 felt emerge from the elevator , crossing toward he park car . loiter around be Miller and a undercover agent , plainclothes in he 20' . + + 100a . felt pass they without so much as a nod , simply get in he car , and wait . Miller nod at the agent . they both get in with felt . Miller up front , the agent behind . miller felt this be special agent Clarke -- I do not want to know he name . miller tell he what you tell Mr. bate and I . agent nervous . felt 's imperious eye in the rear view mirror study he . 101 . agent I do not think you have anything to worry about , Mr. felt . felt you do not think ? miller specific . agent the commune where the subject , Joan felt , be -- miller do not say she name -- agent copy . where the target be . definitely some people of interest in there . maybe some weather Underground -- miller but the -- target ? felt 's eye . desperate now , almost plead : agent if you ask I , just someone 's kid look for a way home . ( and as we push in on felt ) to a stranger he give nothing . but in tighter : he eye moisten . to we , he 's hold back a flood of relief and agony . as felt nod -- miller we never speak . no paper . you do not know anything . get out now . ( and as the agent go , withdraw into the shadow of the garage ) felt and Miller sit in a long silence . both man look ahead . until felt , barely a whisper -- felt thank you . Miller pat felt 's hand on the wheel . hold a beat . the two man . the two father . then leave he . 137 102 . int . diner - rural virginia - night 137 felt wait in a booth . the booth we see he stare into earlier . a violent storm rattles the window . eye scanning every face . everyone a suspect . he Pov land on hand , expression , mouth . eye seem to come back to he . his steely glare chase they away . in slide Smith . shake the wet off . felt Bill Sullivan be pick out color for he new office . he 's go to turn the FBI into the kgb . smith so it 's over . ( waitress wander by ) felt bring coffee ( then , to Smith ) get out you notebook . ( then ) May 1969 . and February 1971 -- smith Mark . ( stop he - yes ? ) be you sure about this ? ( he 's very fuck sure of this , because - - ) felt between that date White House employee be wiretappe , many of they aide to the Secretary of State . and five reporter . include the New York Times . smith you be kid . ( but felt 's not kid ) felt some of the name of the target come down from Henry kissinger . pause . Smith look at he . smith this be hard for you . 103 . felt what part ? smith all this truth . Truth be hard for you . ( but now that he 's start felt want to just keep go ) felt the target go from kissinger to the FBI . and the FBI illegally , unconstitutionally , and reprehensibly bugge and tape and secretly photograph and memorialize every move that people make . they and they wife and they mistress and homosexual lover . smith who do the wiretaps , Mark ? felt Bill Sullivan . ( which now make perfect fuck sense ) it become a rogue FBI operation . Sullivan drive it . Sullivan and the White House . by themselves . smith what about you ? ( what about I ? ) what do you know ? felt about everything else I know every sordid little detail . but not this . they know they could not tell I about this . smith they could not count on you . felt this be when the darkness start to creep in . this be when the rot start to happen . ( and a long pause now , the Big Truth come ) the White House be pack all its crime in separate little box ... ( more ) 104 . felt ( cont 'd ) watergate , the spying , the ugliness , the rot . each thing in a different box so no one can put it together , so no one see it 's all connect ... and no one will care . but it 's all the same big thing . Smith stare . humble by all this truth himself now , so -- smith watergate be just the gateway . Smith put down a fork . or a cup . felt do you know physics , Sandy ? if you tap repeatedly on the post of a building , and the beat be relentless , it create a rhythm , a resonance - ( felt start to tap the table , slowly , repeatedly «+. tap ... tap ... tap ) if you do that long enough , and steadily enough , it will feed - back , the frequency will align ... the molecule will scramble ... and the whole thing - the whole building - will come apart from the inside and collapse in on itself . and all come tumble down . ( beat ) the molecule be beginning to scramble . the FBI be come apart . you know where that take we ? you want a country this big , this angry , this confuse , without a police department ? ( --) sometimes we have to betray the thing we love , to save the thing we love . which triggers a momentary collapse in felt . a slow eye - blink . he pat he own head . then as quickly , embarrassed -- smith this - what you be do - will bring down the whole house of card . the President 's surveillance mania . ( --) but then you already know that . 138 139 105 . felt ( tired ) the White House be a syndicate , Sandy . it 's a criminal organization . ( -- ) can you get out the story before Gray 's confirmation hearing ? smith one week . ( and felt get up , and --) int . limousine ( moving ) - WASHINGTON , d.c . - day 138 title : february 28 , 1973 felt and Gray in back . along with two of Gray 's flack . Gray pour over a legal pad of note . felt stare out the window as the Capitol come into view . gray any last - minute advice ? felt we have go over everything . they 's 11l go easy ; you be the President 's man . gray' flack what about this ? and pull out the Smith time Magazine story . we push in on the lead header : '' secret wiretapp by the FBI '' . gray I do not know what my position should be . felt it be before you time . tell the truth . no one can argue with the truth . int . senate judiciary committee - day 139 Gray be perspire . it 's go badly . he 's like a boxer in the 8th round take a serious beat . 106 . array before he , seven U.S. senator , a dozen photographer , 100 spectator at he back . camera find felt in the gallery . senator 1 ( irate ; a woodward / wash Post clipping in he hand ) and what about the assertion in this article that a White House aide slip Donald segretti , a target of the Bureau 's watergate investigation , copy of what the FBI have ? gray ( unsteady ) uh , we do not look into that . senator 1 why on earth not ? gray I 'il have to look into that . senator 1 do you know the White House have you confidential file ? Gray look to felt . felt glance away gray I do , yes , Senator . ( and pause , unfocus ; desperately want to please ) um , let I tell you how it might have happen . senator 1 please do . ( and as we continue , we quickly see - -) 140 ext . park , WASHINGTON , d.c . - day - long shot 140 Gray and Dean sit side by side on a bench . Gray carry a briefcase , Dean a big envelope . as we be hearing -- 107 . gray ( over ) White House counsel John Dean tell I the White House want everything the FBI have on watergate . to help with its own investigation . ( should stop talk , but ) it be the President 's wish . so Mr. Dean take all that FBI file Gray put the briefcase on the ground . Dean open . look through the content , close it again . now back to the hearing Close on felt as -- senator 1 I be confuse . how do Mr. Dean , a potential target of the investigation , come to possess FBI file about that investigation ? gray because I give they to he . something big be happen . the room can feel it . senator 1 ( grave ) how many Bureau report be we talk about ? how many report do you give Mr. Dean ? gray I believe it be eighty - two . senator 1 as acting director of the FBI , why on earth would you do that ? gray because I be tell to . senator 1 by who ? gray the President . that 's it . the room erupt . but we be hold on felt . 141 108 . senator 2 so , if I have this right , Mr. Dean purposely mis-le the FBI . lied to they ? gray ( before he think - -) I would have to conclude that probably be correct , yes sir . the room be electric . as we start to intercut with -- int . cabin - christmas day 141 a dozen stocking dangle over a fireplace . Gray - in cardigan with reindeer - approach with a armful of wrapping paper . toss it all onto the fire , now contemplate the flame , as we go back to -- the hearing gray I do understand , though , that the material you be talk about be keep in a safe in the White House . senator 2 and how would you know that ? gray I know because Mr. Dean give that and other file to I . ( and now back to --) the cabin . where Gray be leave stand at the fire cradling a small stack of file stamp '' top secret . eye only . '' and start to read . then wish he have not . and now simply throw all that into the flame , and now smash back to -- the hearing gray ( cont 'd ) he tell I they should never see the light of day . he tell I to ' deep six 's the file . to destroy they . ( and then ) I burn they at my vacation home . 142 143 there it be . like a bomb go off , the room explode . felt - who set this up all along - be the one still point in the room . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - morning - felt 's buick cross the potomac . title : april 30 , 1973 as we follow it past the Capitol , the White House , and into the FBI hq -- nixon ( over ) today , in one of the most difficult decision of my presidency , I accept the resignation of two of my close associate in the White House -- John ehrlichman , Bob haldeman -- two of the finest public servant it have be my privilege to know . the counsel to the president , John Dean , have also resign . int . hallway to elevator - FBI hq - continuous felt approach the elevator door . we hear footstep . sullivan ( 0.s . ) so the President ask I what he should do -- ( felt slow , feel Sullivan behind he ) and I tell he to get rid of everyone . in the interest of the nation . I do not mean I , of course . felt have reach the elevator . he press the button . sullivan ( cont ’d ) you do not have many friend leave , you know . a bunch of you FBI pal tell I I should cut you nut off . ( --) they gonna let you keep you badge ? ( felt turn now , imperious ) you get a lotta people Washington worried . they think you be go to come out and unwrap everything . ( more ) 142 143 144 110 . sullivan ( cont ’d ) everything from all the year . everything we [ you and I ] know . ( as felt step into the elevator ) felt be that what you want to know , Bill ? this you last little errand ? to help everyone sleep at night ? sullivan just say . you open that scab , there 's a lot of thing underneath . Doors finally open . and as felt step in , and door close -- sullivan ( cont ’d ) just remember . no one like informer . they only remember you as a rat . even if you be they rat . int . kitchen - felt home - day _ 144 felt enter . put down he briefcase . hang up he hat and coat . cross to audrey at the table . a day like any other . felt sit in front of a tall Manhattan . pull at the drink . he take out he list of California commune address now and spread it out on the table between they . that one address circle now : '' Genesis commune , Ben lomand . " felt I find she . ( she go still ; a long beat ; disbelief - -) audrey you find she . alive ? be she in trouble ? felt eye moisten , grateful . he shake he head , no . audrey ( cont 'd ) how long have you know ? felt a week . audrey a week ? Mark ?? you can play game with all of they -- ( more ) 145 audrey ( cont 'd ) ( point outside ) but -- ( she start to cry ) I be she mother . felt it be not safe . audrey for who ? beat . audrey 's silent . felt let 's just go get we baby . ext . genesis commune - BEN lomand , CA - day empty hill , wild flower , azure sky . lll . 145 two young beautiful women sit in a field , completely naked , nursing infant , share a joint . we know one from joan felt , 24 . friend hey look . picture . a cloud of dust on the horizon . then a car snake over the intermeshed hill . a government sedan . we make out a man at the wheel , a female passenger . joan oh my god . ( slowly to she foot ) it 's my parent . friend anti-christ ? really ?! ( squint ) how can you tell ? joan just promise I you 'il remember . no matter what : we body be beautiful . ( and ) and do not fall in love with he . all my friend fall in love with he . Joan defiant . they half - dress . car stop . felt and out . he in he FBI suit . she with white glove and pill box hat . audrey get 112 . friend that 's you dad ?? he 's gorgeous ! felt can not get to Joan fast enough . walk first . then he run . and without a word or permission he just wrap she and the baby in he arm , just like that . and start to cry . and by the sheer force of he love Joan relent and collapse into he , just like that . audrey hold onto the car door , paralyze . wide & long - three hippie men jogging out from the commune . felt & joan felt take off he jacket , trade it for the baby . felt lift the baby to the sky , laugh . they turn and walk to audrey . felt hold the baby out to she . audrey stare at the child . hand pin to she side . audrey Mark ? felt this be you grandson . felt press the baby to audrey 's breast , take one of she arm and wrap it around the child . felt ( cont 'd ) audrey , this be ludi . joan you send the FBI after I ? ( felt , smile , shake , no ) then how do you find I ? and felt take out one of the envelope he 's be address . felt one do not come back . felt open he arm and pull both he woman into he . the two woman collapse against each other . felt ( cont 'd ) whatever happen , whatever I do , whatever we do - or do not do - I be sorry - we be sorry . we need you . you mother and I need you now . 146 113. ext . genesis commune , BEN lomand , CA - day 146 felt strolling , contemplative , alone , among the shelter and play kid . jacket over he shoulder . shoulder holster visible but empty . while -- audrey on a bench . holding ludi . with she glove and pill - box hat . Joan beside she . she 's a little drunk . Joan know . Joan look at she a little sadly , then at felt -- joan I have this feel when I be little , that I could not see into he eye . that he do not approve of I . he be always hold I up to some impossible standard . audrey that be I . ( --) when you be sick , and you be little , it be you father who climb into bed with you . in he shoe . his holster . his suit . he have sit with you for hour and rock you till you fall asleep again . Joan look at felt . as if to ask , what do you do ? audrey ( cont 'd ) I use to dress you up . remember how you use to come downstairs and show off you new clothes ? ( felt - - ) he adore you . he think you could be the first female President -- ( -- ) I want you to be [ like I ] [ a movie star ] . they both watch felt stroll . Joan touch she mother 's knee . connection . and pity . audrey ( cont 'd ) he talk to I . you know how he be . I be the only one he can really talk to . ( and then - - ) 147 148 114 . ext . genesis commune - BEN lomand , CA - day 147 Joan get out of a vw van with douglas gilly : pony tail , beard . 27 but look 18 . Joan lead he toward a convert chicken coop , long and low . stop at the door . Gillies hesitates , then -- int . joan 's bunk - genesis commune - same 148 Joan and Gillies enter to find felt sit in the miniature room , a empty chair across from he . joan daddy , this be my friend . he 's a lawyer . gilly Douglas Gillies . ( and as felt take he in ) felt when do you graduate from law school ? gilly ten month ago . felt sigh , stand - have to stoop - shake Gillies 's hand . gilly ( cont ’d ) look , I do not want to come . you stand for everything I despise . I come because I admire you daughter , and she ask I . ( and felt , as if he simply choose not to hear that , say -- ) felt have a seat . ( when he 's down ) I need to consult a attorney . ( and hand he a dollar ) I be now protect by attorney - client privilege . whatever I say to you , you can never tell a live soul without my permission . gilly I know that . but why I ? felt look at Gillies . his strong , almost job-like presence . felt shift in he chair , more and more uncomfortable . 115 . felt because you be now - as my lawyer - the only person in America I can trust . ( and do not quite know how to react to that strange and terrible irony ) I have be in the FBI long than you have be alive . I live accord to a code . there be thing a FBI man do and do not do . it 's black and white . ( rambling ) but there 's loyalty . and then there 's duty . there be thing bigger than ourselves . can you understand that ? gilly yes . felt I have do something - thing - that can not be undone . but I want to know what I have do . ( and look up at he ) be I the man I think I be ? pause . Gillies take in this man in obvious pain . gilly you want to know about you soul . ( --) you want to know who be go to forgive you . felt look through the slat in the barn wall . catch fragment of audrey quietly come close , try to hear . felt ( realize ) I do not need a lawyer . I need a priest . and now we begin to hear in pre - lap : nixon ( pre - lap ) ( over ) I have never be a quitter . to leave office before my term be complete be abhorrent to every instinct in my body . ( and cut to ) 149 150 116 . ext . genesis commune - BEN lomand , CA - day 149 felt in the doorway of Joan 's coop , watch Gillies 's van disappear over the hill . his expression relaxed , unburdene . nixon ( over ) but as President , I must put the interest of America first . ( continue over ) Joan step into felt , and felt put he arm around she -- nixon ( over ) ( cont ’d ) therefore , I shall resign the presidency effective at noon tomorrow . ( continue as we go to --) int . conference room - FBI hq - day 150 felt 's retirement party , subdued and sparsely attend . nixon ( over ) vice President Ford will be swear in as President at that hour in this office . ( continue over - -) felt shaking lot of hand , smile with grace . no one make eye contact . now cut to - audrey sit in the corner by herself . then -- nixon ( over ) ( cont ’d ) but as President , I must put the interest of America first . felt be present with a plaque , a watch . now felt and new director pose for the requisite hand - shake wall photo . flash ! and hold . then to black , and , over black -- nixon ( pre - lap ) ( cont 'd ) I would say only that if some of my judgment be wrong , and some be wrong , they be make in what I believe at the time to be the best interest of the Nation . ( and up to - - ) 151 152 117 . int . live room , felt 's home - day 151 felt face the tv . casual slack , slipper . dinner and a high - ball on the tv tray . title : august 8 , 1974 on the tube be Nixon . audrey come up behind felt , hand on he shoulder . and as Nixon talk , audrey hold onto he , forehead against he back , as though to keep he from float away . hold , then cut to -- o.s. loud door knock . felt cross to the door and open on -- Angie lano . match felt 's imperiousness with he own . felt Mr. lano. lano Mr. felt. ( and then - -) ext . felt home - day 152 felt - now in a suit - follow lano across the lawn to a wait car . felt what 's this really about ? lano cock he head at the irony of the moment . lano you tell I . you be the boss . felt I will take my car . lano why do not you ride with I . ( and felt look at lano 's car ) felt I be not get in there with you . lano I would not be here if you have a choice . audrey appear in the doorway . 118. lano ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l have he back in a couple hour . audrey you have no idea what you be do ! ( she do not appreciate the irony of the moment , but felt do - -) felt sure he do . 153 int . federal courthouse , WASHINGTON DC - day 153 Beyond a rope barrier - ' restricted - Grand jury and witnesses only 's - the hallway be populate by nervous FBI agent and they lawyer . it 's quiet and tense . felt approach , march down the hall . Charlie bate , nervously smoking , intercept . bate what be you do ? you should not be here . felt they be charge you ? ( and as bate say nothing ) get out of my way , Mr. bate . felt march for three federal prosecutor huddle outside the courtroom . all hungry top gun in they early 30' . felt ( cont 'd ) which one 's pottinger ? stan pottinger , 33 , hip -smart New Yorker turn . pottinger Jesus , look who 's here . Mark felt . what be you do here ? felt I be go to testify . pottinger we do not subpoena you . 119 . felt I be aware of that . ( look over at bate and a few other ) they be follow order . why do not you go after the guy who be give they ? gardner ( prosecutor bill gardner ) and who 's that , you ? pottinger do not answer that ! ( step closer ) where 's you lawyer ? felt I be a lawyer . pottinger where be you lawyer . felt I do not need one . gardner you will now . pottinger pull felt out of earshot . pottinger I can wallpaper my house with a list of the civil rights the FBI violate . if it be up to I you and Hoover and Bill Sullivan would rot in jail . ( --) but it 's in you interest - and for some reason the Attorney General think it 's in the nation 's - to keep you out of it . felt I be keep you and you kid safe at night . but what you be do -- ( point at the agent ) -- be a witch -hunt . ( he swagger ) it happen . I make it happen . put I on the stand . i’1l take my chance with the jury . 154 120 . int . grand jury room - day 154 felt ram - rod straight in the witness chair . alone before the 23 diverse and sleepy AMERICANS of the grand jury . we be deep into felt 's testimony . pottinger counter -espionage expert , Nazi - hunter -- ( half -facetious ) you be the G - man 's G - man , Mr. felt . a patriot and a hero . and we be a grateful nation . one or two juror actually applaud . gardner stand . gardner lady and gentleman , for the last few week you have hear through testimony the sound of the bomb of the plo and weather Underground ringing in you ear . people die . we be a nation at war , at home and abroad . we do not dispute that . now we ask you to listen for the sound of the constitution . ( pause for effect ) hear that ? it do not make quite as much noise as a bomb , do it ? it just sit there silent , like we conscience , as it 's do for two hundred year . ( turn to felt ) Mr. felt , on September 8 , 1972 , do you instruct 143 FBI agent across the country to break into the home of relative of alleged member of the weather Underground , to wiretap they phone and bug they home ? felt yes . gardner felt ( cont 'd ) who else ? ( combative ) who else what ? gardner participate in give that order ? ( felt say nothing , so - - ) Assistant director Edward Miller . 121. intercut miller lean against a wall in the hallway . then -- felt I give the order . gardner acting director L. Patrick Gray iii. intercut gray sit in he barcalounger at home . then -- felt I give the order . gardner Charles bate . ( intercut bate at he desk at the FBI ) gardner ( cont 'd ) you be go to just take the bullet for everybody ? felt I give the order . pause . enough . now pottinger be up . pottinger you mention you frequently brief the Nixon White House during the case . while we be on that subject , why do not you give we a quick snapshot of how that work . felt I be in constant contact with the White House on many matter . and then this thing happen to felt . for the first time he curtain of impenetrability drop . his eye lose focus . he begin to sweat . his hand clench . slacken . clench , and -- felt ( cont 'd ) in fact , I be in the oval Office so often people use to say I have to be deep Throat . ( a hesitation - what ??- then ) pottinger what do you just say ? 122. felt I say I be with the White House - Dean and so forth - so often people think I be the Washington Post source for watergate . the guy they call deep Throat . stop . pottinger just stare . confused by what he 's hear . then , because he 's not sure what else to do -- pottinger ( to the Grand jury ) before we dismiss the witness , be there any question from the jury ? middle -aged juror raise he hand . juror well , be you ? felt be I what ? ( and who be you to ask I a thing - -) juror be you deep Throat ? ( and -- ) stop . stay on pottinger . a long silence . his hand busy with note . but felt be not answer , so now pottinger look up to - felt . who be look down . his face red . moist . as -- pottinger lean forward now , sense something -- felt ( weak ) no. pottinger wait ! ... stop ! ( and pottinger leap up , point at the steno ) off the record ! gardner pottinger ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you do ? I be not sure -- what he 's do be march straight at felt . and we be -- close on felt & pottinger . face three inch apart . a bead of sweat trace down felt 's forehead . 155 123. pottinger ( cont 'd ) ( low ; just they ) I be go to remind you that perjury be a class a felony . but I also consider the question that man just ask you outside the specific scope of this investigation . so if it be you wish that I have the question withdraw , and you answer stricken from the record , I will do so . I will make it like it never happen . no one will know . felt will not look pottinger in the eye . pottinger ( cont 'd ) ( whisper now ) I think I understand what 's at stake here now . do you ? a long excruciate beat . felt 's furious at himself . felt withdraw the question . pottinger I need you to repeat that . I need to be sure . say it again . felt withdraw the question . pottinger Jesus christ . pottinger stare at felt . he now know America 's most dangerous and valuable secret . the '' Antichrist '' be he fuck hero . felt be deep Throat . pottinger ( cont 'd ) ( to the room ) other question for this witness ? ext . federal courthouse , WASHINGTON DC - day 155 a dozen FBI agent mill about the sidewalk . bob woodward stand around with a couple of reporter . limo pull up . out step felt. then Miller . Gray . audrey and Pat Miller already there wait on the sidewalk . as we hear -- 156 157 124 . gardner ( over ) Fifteen count of conspiracy to violate the constitutional rights of Americans ... ( and now cut to --) angie lano leading they through fingerprint , as -- 156 audrey & Joan ( and Pat Miller ) behind a slab of glass . bitter disbelief . woodward behind they , do he job . audrey 's mouth be move . but we can not hear what with . she 's try to get felt 's attention . Joan try to calm she . now we make out - muffle through glass - what she 's yell : audrey tell they who you be ! tell they what you do ! felt turn straight at the camera , defiant . audrey ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) tell ! they ! who ! you ! be ! ext . federal courthouse , WASHINGTON DC - continuous 157 felt emerge first with audrey and Joan , miller next , then Gray and he wife . Long walk down a dark corridor . to meet 300 FBI agent spilling into the street . there be no noise . this be eerie . then they begin to clap , in unison , a long string of unending clap . as felt step into and through the crowd , across this tableau : end crawl * Mark felt be convict of conspiracy for order unconstitutional break - in against the weather Underground , fine , and sentence to 10 year in prison . * newly elect Ronald Reagan pardon felt in he first act as President of the United States . * shortly after , audrey felt shot herself in the head with felt 's FBI - issue revolver . * in 2005 , at the age of 92 , felt finally reveal he be the Washington Post source on watergate know as '' deep Throat '' . * felt spend he last year live with he daughter , Joan , and she child . he die December 18 , 2008 . end