mr . nobody written by jaco Van dormael version 11 " Mr. nobody " version 11 1 - int . laboratory — day science program , over the open credit : a pigeon in a lab cage be press a lever . a seed fall into its dish . the bird gobbles it down and repeat the process . the scientist then set a timer : a seed be release automatically every twenty second . the pigeon , flap its wing , observe the seed . voice of adult nemo ( off ) like most live creature , the pigeon quickly associate the press of the lever and the reward . this be pavlov 's well - know '' condition reflex . '' but when a timer release a seed automatically , every twenty second , the pigeon wonder : '' what do I do to deserve this ? '' if it * be flap its wing at the time , it will continue to flap , convinced * that its action have a decisive * influence on what happen . we call * this '' pigeon superstition . '' the pigeon flap its wing continually as the seed fall * automatically into its dish . end of open credit and title : '' mr. nobody '' * 2 - prologue 2a - a morgue . a unidentified body . it bear only one shoe , which be too small . the door of the refrigerate room close on he . adult nemo ( off ) what do I do to deserve this ? * 2b - a man of thirty - six - nemo - open he eye . he be run down train track . a train rush toward he with a deafen roar , blind he . just as he be about to be crush , he wake up ... 2c - he open he eye . he be behind the wheel of a car , he seatbelt on , underwater in a river . the windshield burst and water pour into the car ... he drown ... 2d - he wake up underwater , sit up ... he be in he bathtub . he cough , spit out water . a stranger open the door and shoot he in the chest ... " Mr. nobody " version 11 2f - he wake up . he be in a free-fall in complete darkness , in he bathrobe , turn in the void . below he , a swim pool . empty ... 2g - he wake up ... a alarm . he be at the control of a spaceship . meteorite be crash into the vessel , the wide cockpit window shatter . the vessel explode . a alarm sound . * 3 - int . hospital room - night hologram of a alarm clock go off . a old man 's hand grope around , turn it off . the old man walk clumsily in the dark bump into thing . he see he clothes on a chair , next to a pair of slipper . he go to the sink . he turn on the light and suddenly see he face in the mirror . it be nemo . he be extremely old . he be one hundred and twenty year old ... he touch he face , tremble , stunne . he panic . old nemo no ... no ... 4 - int . psychiatrist 's office — day subjective point of view . a kind -look psychiatrist , dr . feldheim , a man of about fifty , sit face we , look at we . he be take note , sit in a chair . a small video camera be recording the interview . word from the exchange write themselves on what look like a computer . doctor how 's it be go since last * week ? nemo ( off ) ?! ... we know each other ? doctor we see each other every week . nemo ( off ) since when ? doctor since I start work here . I be * Dr. feldheim . and who be you ? * nemo ( off ) nobody . nemo nobody . doctor that 's a unusual name . do not you * think ? * " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo ( off ) sometimes people call I Mr. * craft ... c.r.a.f.t ... * doctor * uh ?... * nemo ( off ) * '' can not remember a Fucking thing . '' * the doctor smile , amused . doctor what be the first question I ask you ? nemo ( off ) I do not know . * doctor can you tell I how old you be ? nemo ( off ) thirty -six . I be bear in 1972 . doctor would you mind look at you hand ? you do not have to if you do not want to . nemo 's hand come into the frame , into the subjective point of view . his hand be old and wrinkle . they be shaking . doctor ( cont . ) there 's a mirror in front of you , if you have like to use it . nemo do not want to look . he hide he eye . doctor ( cont . ) what year be this ? nemo this be 2008 ... I be thirty -six , I be bear February 9 , 1972 ... doctor so I guess it 's you birthday . * the doctor hand he a newspaper : it be a slim , lightweight liquid crystal screen ... nemo look at the date on the '' newspaper '' on which text and animated image mingle . at the top we read '' February 9 , 2092 . '' there be a picture of old nemo on the front page , above a headline that read : '' the last mortal . '' " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo I be thirty - six ! ... I have get to wake up ! ... to wake up ! * we hear a alarm clock go off . 5 - int . adult nemo 's bedroom — day nemo wake with a start . his alarm clock be ringing . nemo be thirty - six . he catch he breath . his wife , elise , be sleep next to he . he part the curtain . elise do not , nemo ... the sun hurt my eye . he close the curtain and go into the bathroom . he turn on the light . he look at himself in the mirror , reassure . continue credit run over : 6 - int . nemo and elise 's house — day Music . nemo be set the breakfast table for five , he gesture smooth and confident . he squeeze fresh orange juice , cook some egg . he be in a good mood . 6a - he wake he three child , joyce , age twelve , eve , age eight , and noah , age six . he get they dress , full of gusto . he have they laugh . nemo ( yell up the stair I be drive the kid to school . noah , put on you coat . 6b - nemo grab the day 's mail as he go out and look through it distractedly . 7 - ext . STREET in front of the school — day nemo drop he child off at school . they kiss good - bye . he drive away . 8 - ext . town intersection — day he look at he watch . it be bizarrely divide into seven hour instead of twelve . he look at the clock on the church tower . it also have a seven-hour face . nemo be puzzle . in the sky be two sun . " Mr. nobody " version 11 8a - nemo turn a corner onto a wide avenue line with tall building . the end of the avenue be under construction . the workmen look at he . the few car on the road be all stop . nemo get out of he car . a electric billboard on a building display run text between flash ad . the giant letter spell out : '' n...e ... m...0... 22-t...u...r... N -.. .. a...r...0... u... n...d... '' nemo watch the letter go by , puzzle . passersby stare at he . they walk strangely ( backwards ) . nemo turn around and see a tramp on the other side of the street . the tramp 's face be nemo 's . nemo can not believe he eye . nemo hey ! the tramp continue on he way , drag he thing behind he . he go into a building under construction . nemo cross the street and enter the same building . 8b - a security guard try to keep he out , but nemo push past he and go inside . there be nothing on the other side of the building . the facade be a set , panel and plank hold up by buttress . behind it lie a beach , and then the sea . nemo 's footstep in the sand precede he . he erase they as he walk . there be two sun . 8c - the sea be cut up into enormous block carry by helicopter . the latter be assemble the sea . a alarm clock go off in the distance . 9 - int . adult nemo 's bedroom — day nemo wake with a start . his alarm clock be go off . the scene be identical . elise be sleep next to he . nemo go through the same motion . he open the curtain . elise do not , nemo ... the sun hurt my eye . nemo close the curtain . we stay with elise , who turn she back to he . her eye be open . tear run down she cheek . nemo do not see she cry . he want to turn on the light in the bathroom , but bizarrely , the switch be no longer to the leave of the door , but to the right . he look at himself in the mirror . 10 - int . nemo and elise 's house — day nemo be squeezing orange . he be less lively than the previous time . he drop a eggshell in the omelet . 10a - he wake the three child . he get they dress . " Mr. nobody " version 11 just as nemo reach the door to pick up the mail , he see a big envelope slip inside under it . nemo look at it , puzzle . he glance through the window . 10b - nemo just catch a glimpse of a old man dress as a mailman . the man look like old nemo . he be walk backwards , '' back through time . '' nemo open the envelope . he remove a photograph of himself with a different haircut and different clothes , in a big garden with two child and a unknown woman ... nemo do not understand . his child be run around he , yell and play . nemo can not take he eye off the picture . nemo Paul , keep it down ! * the little boy , on whose T-shirt we read '' noah , '' stop and look at he father . noah my name 's not Paul ! nemo Paul ? nemo close he eye ... 11 - ext . nemo and jean 's garden — day paul ( off ) daddy ? ... daddy ? * jean ( off ) Paul , do not wake you father ! nemo open he eye . a little boy of seven , paul , be look at he . nemo be asleep on a chaise lounge , beside a swim pool in a vast property , a glass of fruit juice in he hand . nemo see the woman from the picture , jean , approach . nemo Anna ? nemo be terrify . the woman look surprised . jean it 's I , Jean ... nemo Jean ? ... be I dead ? " Mr. nobody " version 11 jean go back and play , Paul . ( Paul wander off ) who 's Anna ? nemo Anna ? wee I do not know anyone call Anna ... jean you be still tired , nemo . you need to rest . she look at he , a moment of silence . jean ( cont . ) I will turn the television on for you . call I if you need anything . I be go inside , the sun hurt my eye . nemo what ? jean the sun hurt my eye . she turn on a television sit on a garden table . she turn it to the stock market news and walk away . nemo surf . 11a - image of a huge accident . dozen of car be burn on a bridge . nemo channel hop . he stop on a nature program . lioness be circle a gazelle . the lioness move in closer , threaten . in the background , to the same rhythm , dark silhouett figure approach nemo . jean ( cont . ) nemo , you friend be here , and my father , too ... ( she kiss she father hello ) hello dad . he have not say a thing . the silhouett figure circle nemo . nemo do not look at they . one of the man kneel down and position himself in nemo 's field of vision . man in black hello nemo . how be you feel today ? nemo man in black do you know who I be ? * " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo do not answer . he try to keep watch the television . man in black ( cont . ) we be all very worried about you , nemo . everyone hope you 'il be back in the office soon . a older man , jean 's father , lean toward nemo with a serious air . jean 's father it 's collapse . we have get to sell , nemo . you be the one who have the signature . we need the secret code . nemo do not move a muscle . jean' father ( cont . ) ( aggravate ) the code , nemo ... do you remember the code ? 12 - flash — ext . STREET , adult anna — day bit of number . then the number '' 12358 '' on the facade of a house . 13 - int . hospital room — day Old nemo be sleep . sensor be hook up to he forehead and connect to a machine . number run by . Needles be move back and forth , draw peak on the paper . two white shadow approach he . doctor ( off ) he 's dream . nemo 's eyeball be agitate . 14 - ext . train station platform — day the foot of a run child . child nemo be seven . he be run down the platform , try to catch a depart train . 15 - int . CITY / misc . — day the image be broadcast on television . client in a café watch the screen . some hold they pet pig on leash . 15a - people on a train station platform watch the same image on tv . " Mr. nobody " version 11 15b - a overly make - up presenter dress to the nine be smile above a multicolor flash headline . he have a small pig on he lap , a pink ribbon around its neck . 15 b1 - commercial run simultaneously in the corner of the screen . the hospital be in the background . presenter this be Julian Marshall , live from New - New - York Hospital . we be about to see the final episode in we series '' the last mortal . '' Mr. nobody be almost 120 year old , and have never be telomerize . nor do he have a marvelous stem - cell compatible pig . live on wwb : Mr. nobody will be the last man on earth to die of old age . mr. nobody , the last mortal ! boom jingle . color light . 15c - a telephoto shot through a window of old nemo on he hospital bed . the glass undulate in the wind . 16 - int . misc . — day a young couple watch tv ... 16a - Police in a station watch the show ... 16b - a old woman with she pig ... 16c - a giant screen on top of a building transmit the show ... 17 - ext . facade of the hospital — day the presenter turn towards the psychiatrist . presenter no trace of he identity have be find in the national record . nothing about he past . doctor we do not know who Mr. nobody be . neither do he . we patient 's memory be confuse . but it be not unusual , at a certain stage of illness , for very old memory to reemerge in great detail . + + of * " Mr. nobody " version 18 - int . old nemo 's hospital room — day Old nemo be watch television , stunne . he see he own image through the window . on the other side of the window , several miniaturized camera float in the air . nemo press a button . the window become opaque , display a repeat image of the bottom of the sea , like a screen-saver . 19 - ext . tv image — day presenter should Mr. nobody be allow to die a natural death ? should he existence be artificially prolong ? make you vote now . Press '' xx '' for artificial prolongation , '' 0 '' to let nature run its course . we will be back - after this . the presenter be replace by a ad for holiday on Mars . 19a - we see a smile family racing across a red desert in a futuristic vehicle . bicycles be attach to the roof . they be amaze by the landscape . voice over you , too , can take a family vacation on Mars , a treat for the young and the old . Book before Union Day and save up to sixty thousand unit ! 20 - int . tv news editorial room — night the room be in a semi-darkness . several silhouettes stand out against big window . we do not see they face . editor-in-chief the guy 's pull maximum rating ! and we have get nothing on he ! I need a profile . I need a background . young journalist he 's be in that hospital practically forever . no one know who he be . I have check it out . never have a driver 's license . never have a phone line or electrical hook - up . officially , he do not exist . so they call he Mr. nobody . - 10 - 11 + eh of * " Mr. nobody " version 11 editor-in-chief look harder , dammit ! this guy do not just come out of nowhere . 21 - int . doctor 's office — day Old nemo be once again sit across from he doctor . doctor let 's try something new . I be think of a old technique . I can not promise anything . maybe snatch of memory will come back , maybe nothing will happen . be you willing to try ? nemo agree with a nod . the doctor place a small shiny metallic sphere in front of suspend in mid-air . then it start swinging , very close , leave to right , eye , -21a - a child 's foot run down a station platform - 21b - track rush past very close below we - 21c - branch sway in the wind - 21d — a drop fall from a faucet ... - the pendulum swing in close -up . ...21e — the beam of a lighthouse beside the water light we regularly . doctor 's voice ( off ) ( cont . ) ++. you eyelid be get heavy ... you arm and leg be get heavy ... I be go to count to three ... when I say three , you will be asleep ... one ... 21c ( cont . ) - a sway branch , see through a window ...21f - we move back and enter a child 's room ... doctor 's voice ( off ) ( cont . ) - two ... 21g - a hand caress a cheek ... the face of a woman , anna ... right to leave ... doctor 's voice ( off ) you be very relaxed ... you hear only my voice ... -1l1 - nemo 's 's * " Mr. nobody " version 11 22 - int . showroom - day doctor 's voice ( off ) remember the day you come here ... Three . you be sleep . adult nemo wake with a start . he be lie on a bed and look around . we have never see the room before , and it be extremely clean and neat . nemo notice a price tag on the bedside lamp . nemo take he clothes from the chair . he get dress as he look around . a couple enter the room , in they coat , hold a child by the hand . they look at nemo with surprise . we be in a immense showroom of bedroom furniture . distraught , nemo walk through the store , hurry to the exit . 23 - ext . STREET in front of the showroom — day nemo leave the showroom . the street be strangely empty , not a car , not a single passerby . across the street , a swing hang from a tree branch swing from leave to right . a movement much like the pendulum . doctor 's voice ( off ) ... remember even further 's back ... when I say three ... one ... two ... three . nemo look up . in the sky , a small plane be pull a advertising streamer . written on it : '' sleep . '' 24 - ext . train station platform — day short flash in the dark . child nemo be seven . he be run down the platform try to catch a depart train . doctor ( off ) remember ... 25 - int . limbo — day everything be white . we can only make out a few form in the whiteness ... nake child wander about in slow motion ... there be pool of steaming water ... Children 's head emerge from the water . voice of old nemo ( off ) I can remember a long time ago ... long before my birth ... - 12 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 voice of child nemo ( off ) ( the voice overlap , slightly out of sync ) ... long before my birth ... I be wait with that who be not yet bear . when we be not bear yet , we know everything ... a child be seat in the whiteness . he be wait . it be child nemo . we approach he mouth . child nemo ... everything that will happen . he have no cleft on he upper lip . other child be wander around . a unicorn pass by . a light approach some child , who look up . child nemo ( off ) when it 's you turn , the angel of oblivion place a finger on you mouth . shhh . it leave a mark on the upper lip . it mean that you have forget everything . but the angel miss I . two angel fly above the child , and place a finger to they lip , one after the other . when the finger be remove , a shallow vertical cleft have appear on the upper lip . the angle of oblivion forget nemo . nemo 's face plunge into the water with that of the other child . everything turn white . 26 - ext . sky — day the cloud part , allow we to see the earth below ... child nemo ( off ) then you have to find a daddy and a mummy . it 's not easy to choose . 27 - int . misc . — day a series of interview follow , like a casting call . couple of every kind , sit on they sofa , talk to the camera . 27a - a chic , overly smiley couple : smiley couple woman they be so cute when they be small ... smiley couple man ... with that little shoe ... - 13 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 smiley couple woman we would like he to be a_ tennis champion . 27b - a shy couple be try to control a struggle little boy . they spank he . shy couple woman it would be nice for the older one not to be all alone ... 27c - a sad couple . the man be drunk . sad couple woman I think it would help my husband if we have a child . we have call he George . right , George ? we have a dog , but it die . 27d - two man hold hand . man it 's a important experience . 27e - a couple of old texans with cowboy hat . * old texan man blond an’ blue-ey . that 's all I be askin’ . 27f - a eskimo couple speak eskimo . we understand nothing . 27g - a teenage couple . teenage girl it 's not that we want a kid , but we sleep together . 27h - a disillusion couple . disillusioned man ... it 's normal to think about child when you reach a certain age , for woman at least . disillusioned woman it be the meaning of ... disillusioned man ( interrupt she ) * ...of life . I have not finish , darling . it be the meaning of life . 27i - a ordinary couple look at the camera . they shrug , not know what to say . they say nothing . they be hold hand . - 14 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 child nemo ( off ) in the end , I choose they . because the lady smell nice . and the man say : father well , I can tell you how we meet . it be mean to be . have you hear of the butterfly effect ? 28 - ext . japan — day it be springtime in Japan . a few japanese be walk through a park . a butterfly be perch on a flower . it flap its wing and fly away . the wind blow gently through the leave of a tree . * 28a - Cloud move in the sky . the air current merge with other from the sea ... 29 - ext . ocean — day ... we be fly above the ocean , among the cloud ... the cloud merge with other cloud . the weather become stormy ... 30 - ext . child nemo 's STREET — day ... we descend over a small town in England . it be autumn . a leaf twirl , float over the rooftop ... we follow it . 30a - it fly over nemon father . a young woman be go the other way , nemon mother . the leaf land right at nemo 's father 's foot , and he slip and fall . the young woman run to help he get up . they look into each other 's eye . Love at first sight . a bolt of lighting in the sky . child nemo ( off ) once upon a time there be a daddy and a mummy name the daddy and the mummy . they find a cute little baby and call it the cute little baby . 31 - endoscopic shot the face of the fetus , curl up on itself . it open its eye . - 15 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 32 - model a model of child nemo 's street . pretty little house that look alike , each with its own yard . a child 's hand position a tiny car . a bawling baby . child nemo ( off ) the little baby be bear there . he be bear that day and not another . his parent be that parent . why ? because that 's the way it be . the baby can cry outloud , but it * change this fact . '' from sperm to worm . '' his daddy and he mummy live at number 7 . the number '' 7 '' on the wall of the house . 33 - int . child nemo 's house — day baby nemo look at he mummy . his mummy hide behind a bedsheet . he can not see she anymore , and wait . his mummy say '' peek - a-boo ! '' the baby laugh . 33A - a hairbrush . the mother 's lip , to which she be apply lipstick . the mother be sing a song . the baby 's hand lift the father 's sleeve in order to touch he watch . child nemo ( off ) the mummy have a brush for she hair and lipstick for she lip . she smell good . she sing a little song : '' eenie meenie miney moe , catch a tiger by the toe ... '' the daddy have a watch and hair on he arm . the watch go tick -tock . daddy catch fly . 33b - a fly on the table . the father 's hand approach slowly , then grab the insect just as it be about to fly away . the father open the window and set it free outside . child nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) everything we see exist . we can see it . the table be call '' table , '' the chair be call '' chair . '' we can see they . the little baby can see he daddy and * he mummy . 33c - the father and the mother lean over we . - 16 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 child nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) I can see mummy 's eye , but I can not see my eye . the little baby can see he hand but he can not see himself . so do he really exist ? do I really exist ? 33d - the baby 's hand see from a subjective point of view . nemo be look at he shadow on the ground , move at the same time he do . the shadow move on the floor , on the wall . he try to step on it . he pinch himself . then he bite he mother 's arm . child nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) if the baby pinch himself , it hurt . if he bite mummy , it do not hurt . he look at the reflection of he face in a dirty mirror . the baby take he first step , then fall down . the mother applaud . thrill , the baby let himself fall again . child nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) if the baby fall , the mother clap she hand . she say , '' bravo . '' 33e - the mother fall down the stair with a basket full of laundry . she hurt herself . the baby clap . he get a spanking . 33f - flash : Anna , age five , swinging on a swing . child nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) why be I I and not someone else ? why do what exist exist ? why do we remember the past but not the future ? when you ask mummy , she say ... 33g - the mother , overwhelm by house - clean , say to nemo ( age five ) as she vacuum : mother ( voice of child nemo ) stop ask '' why ? '' all of the time ! * the father put on he hat and coat and leave the house . child nemo open the door to make sure he father be no longer there , then run to the television and turn it on . 33h - the smile image of he father appear on television . he be present the weather forecast in a playful voice . father a anticyclone move in from the azore tomorrow will bring clear sky through the weekend , so get * that barbecue out ! * - 17 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 34 - ext . child nemo 's STREET ( 1977 ) — day thunderclap in a grey sky . nemo be walk down the sidewalk hold he father 's hand . it suddenly start pour . the father open a umbrella . they pass some woman neighbour on the opposite sidewalk as they bring in a table and chair , leave the barbecue in the rain . the father greet the neighbor politely as they stare dagger at he . the father smile self - consciously . 35 - int . hospital room — night the door open quietly . a shadow step furtively into the room and close the door . Old nemo be asleep , hook up to a life-support * equipment . the shadow approach he . journalist pssst ... Sir ... the man clumsily knock over a game of chess on the bedside table . the noise wake nemo up . he find a timid young man in front of * he , a old tape recorder sling over he shoulder . journalist ( cont . ) it 's okay ... I ... I be a * journalist ... the hospital will not * allow interview ... I have just like * to ask you a few question ... nemo stare at he . journalist ( cont . ) a friend of mine 's a nurse here . * they help I get in . my paper * really want I to get something . a biography , just a few dozen line . old nemo what time be it ? journalist ( look at he watch ) fourteen twelve . the clock on the wall show seven hour and not twelve . the journalist put he old reel - to- reel tape recorder on the table . he load a reel of tape . he hold out the microphone to nemo . the journalist press the '' record '' button ... old nemo where do you find that ? - 18 - " Mr. nobody " version journalist I ... I borrow it from the university museum , but it still work . so. um ... here we be . old nemo I have get nothing to say to you . I be Mr. nobody . the man who do not exist . a old grump who mix everything up . go away . journalist do you remember what the world be like before quasi- immortality ? old nemo what ? journalist telomerization . Endless renewal of cell . what be it like when human be mortal ? old nemo I have no idea . there be car that pollute , we smoke cigarettes , we eat meat . we do everything we can not do in this dump . it be wonderful . most of the time nothing happen . just like in a french movie . journalist and ... sexually ? before sex become obsolete ? old nemo you do not need sex anymore ? ... we screw . people be always screwing . we fall in love . journalist the police have investigate you , and they have find nothing . but they do not check the paper archive . it take a little patience ... he take a paper from he pocket and unfold it . journalist ( cont . ) ... but I find this . it 's from a local paper in Ontario . - 19 - + + of " Mr. nobody " version 11 he hold out a photocopy of a newspaper article . the picture show a car be haul by a crane from a river . we see the portrait of aman , peter . journalist ( cont . ) that be you , be not it ? nemo I do not know . it do not look like I . what time be it ? journalist ( look at he watch ) fourteen thirteen . look : '' nemo nobody . '' the name match . it appear you die in a car accident in 2008 . you car be find at the bottom of a river . 36 - flash the body of adult nemo in the morgue . he be wear just one shoe , which be too small . a police officer be smoking a cigarette next to he . the scene be shot in reverse , the smoke go into the cigarette . a woman identify the body . it be Jean . she be hold a handkerchief . a tear go back up to she eye . 37 - int . hospital room — night ( cont . ) old nemo I be alive ... be not I ? * journalist you be a scientist specialize in chaos theory ... space - time , the multiverse . you have you own tv * show . nemo 's face contort . 38 - ext . underwater — day a picture of adult Anna in a small frame turn float inside the car , underwater ... bubbles rise to the surface ... a hand struggle * underwater ... underwater view of alga sway gently to the * music ... fish swim past ... one of the fish come very close to * look at we ... - 20 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 39 - int . undetermine — day a trout with almond on a plate . old nemo ( off ) I always like fish . I never think that one day it would like I , too . 40 - ext . underwater — day ... the fish swim at we , its mouth wide open , ready to eat we . * 41 - int . hospital room — night journalist do you really remember nothing ? in lieu of answer , nemo close he eye . the journalist take out a portable vcr and open it in front of nemo . journalist ( cont . ) I find this , too . he press play , and a scratchy image appear onscreen . Old nemo watch , fascinate . it be a educational program . 41a - Peter be speak to the camera . behind he be a big constellation of star . 41b - we see a simulation of the Big bang . peter what be there before the Big bang ? * there be no '' before '' because before the Big bang , time do not exist . time be a result of the expansion of the universe itself . but what will happen when the universe have finish expand , and the movement be reverse ? what * will be the nature of time ? * fuzz . the image disappear in the interference . the sound become inaudible . journalist that be you , be not it ? - 21 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 old nemo I be nemo nobody : the man who do not exist . a crazy old fool who piss himself . what be you look for ? there 's nothing to find . what time be it ? 42 - int . psychiatrist 's office — day the small pendulum swing back and forth in front of Old nemo 's eye ... 43 - int . television studio — day the same program as before , but this time adult nemo be the presenter . the text run over a teleprompter . adult nemo but what will happen when the universe have finish expand and the movement be reverse ? on a control monitor , image of galaxy cease to expand and beginning to contract . adult nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) what will be the nature of time ? will it reverse ? 43a - image of a vase break on the floor , then , in reverse , the piece come back together ... adult nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) if string theory be correct , the universe possess nine spatial dimension and one temporal dimension , ten dimension in all . we can imagine that in the beginning , all of the dimension be twisted together . during the Big bang , three spatial dimension - the one we know as : height , width , and depth - and one temporal dimension - what we know as ' time 's - be deploy . the other six remain miniscule , wound up together . if we live in a universe of wound dimension , how do we distinguish between illusion and reality ? time as we know it be a dimension we experience only in one direction . ( more ) - 22 - + fh hof " Mr. nobody " version 11 adult nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) ( cont would ) but , what if one of the additional * dimension be not spatial but temporal ? 44 - int . child nemo 's house — day the hand of baby nemo push a plate to the edge of the table . it fall and break . the baby mixing mashed potato and tomato sauce in he plate . 44k - the father smoking a cigarette . waft of smoke dissipate in the air . child nemo ( off ) if you break a plate , it 's break forever . if you mix the mashed potato and the sauce , you can not separate they later . it 's forever . the smoke come out of daddy 's cigarette , but it never go back in . 44b - the big hand on the live room clock move forward a notch . we see a cog turn another cog , the mechanism grind . we hear all kind of tick -tock . child nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) we can not go back . 45 - ext . pastry shop window ( 1980 ) — day child nemo ( off ) that 's why it 's hard to choose . you have to make the right choice . nemo be eight . he be glue to a pastry shop window . he be hold a coin in he hand . his eye go back and forth between the danish and the chocolate éclair . he can not decide . 46 - ext . child nemo 's STREET — day nemo be on he way home . he be still clutching he coin . he walk past three little girl he age lean against a iron gate who be watch he : anna , elise , and jean . one be wear a yellow dress , the next one a blue dress , and the last one a pink dress . all three of they smile at he , and all three be pretty . nemo blushes . anna hello , nemo . * - 23 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo hello , Anna . elise hi , nemo . nemo hello , elise . jean hello , nemo . nemo hello , Jean . 47 - int . church — day we see three wedding of adult nemo . Three time he kiss the bride after slip a ring on she finger . once Anna , once elise , once Jean , all now adult . 48 - ext . child nemo 's STREET — day nemo keep look back at the little girl as he walk away . then he look at the coin he could not decide how to spend . he toss it in the air , head or tail . nemo ( off ) as long as you do not choose , everything remain possible . 49 - int . child nemo 's house — day nemo and he father be look at the sky through a telescope . child nemo ( off ) daddy say you can predict exactly where Mars will be in the sky , even in a hundred year . 50 - int . child nemo 's room — morning it be morning . nemo be sleep , he eye close . gently , he start to levitate , a foot above he bed . 51 - vision a short flash : a toy car race down a hill and run into a stroller . it be a scale model . - 24 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 52 - int . child nemo 's room - morning a yellow stain appear on the sheet . he be pee . nemo open he eye and cry out . he be no longer levitate . he get up . he go to see the little car near he electric train . he look at he soak pajama pants . he dress quickly . 53 - ext . STREET — day child nemo ( off ) but the funny thing be that daddy * do not know what will happen to he two minute from now . nemo 's father park the car at the end of the street . the street be on a hill . the father bite into a cookie . he stop chew and spit something out , examine it as he get out of the car . he forget to put on the handbrake . he remove a piece of eggshell from he mouth . behind he , the car slowly start move . nemo come run down the street in the opposite direction . nemo daddy ! 54 - int . industrial chicken barn — day we see a hen lay a egg ... the egg land with many other . 55 - ext . STREET — day ... the car continue roll down the hill , faster and faster . a little further down the road , a woman be crossing the street * push a baby carriage . nemo 's father be still look at the piece of eggshell on he fingertip ... 56 - int . cookie factory — day a worker break a egg . a small piece of shell float in the white . the egg get mix with flour and sugar . the cookie come out of the oven and be package . 57 - ext . STREET — day the father look up and see he car roll down the hill at top speed . he scream . the woman in the street push the carriage see the car and scream in terror . the woman and the carriage be run over by the car . the father look on with horror . nemo reach he , too late . - 25 - " Mr. nobody " 58 - educational program version 11 58a - Black and white archival footage . a research lab full of papers and two old blink computer . a young man be check the result be print out . adult nemo ( off ) Edward lorenz , a meteorology analyst , have a computer simulate weather forecast use simple equation relate air and water movement , heat , barometric pressure ... one day in 1961 , during the preparation of a series of weather report , lorenz take a shortcut , round he data up to the third decimal , instead of the usual sixth decimal place , assume that the difference — one for a thousand — be of no importance . 58b - a calm sea . a storm at sea . the text run over the teleprompter in front of nemo . adult nemo when he return a hour later , he notice that the forecast , which should have be identical to the precede one , follow a evolution ever more divergent , until there be no longer any resemblance . miniscule change of a thousandth of a degree , a thousandth of a millibar , in association , cause enormous change in the end result : on one hand , perfect calm , on the other , a storm , 58c - a motionless butterfly on a flower . adult nemo ( cont . ) this be know as the '' butterfly effect . '' in a chaotic and unstable system , a butterfly beat its wing in Japan will perhaps cause a storm in Europe . + + hf HH of 58d - a japanese man fan himself as he watch the motionless butterfly . 58e - Cloud move in the sky . - 26 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 58f - the hen lay a egg . 58g - the father bite into the cookie . the woman with the carriage be hit by the car . the father look horrify . adult nemo , present the program , look into the camera : adult nemo ( cont . ) '' pigeon superstition '' and the '' Butterfly effect '' be good * illustration of we contradictory * state : we only accept simple * * explanation , although the universe be complex . 59 - int . child nemo 's house — day the mother be set the table while nemo be try to explain something to she . mother that 's not possible . no one know the future . nemo but I can remember it . mother we remember the past , not the future . nemo but I , I can . sometimes thing happen and I have the feel that they have already happen before . mother that 's call déja vu . it happen to everyone from time to time . nemo no , it 's because of the angel of oblivion . they do not put they finger on I . you can not understand . 59a - the father be sit in a armchair , prostrate , motionless . a fly land on the chair , next to he hand . he do not notice it . the fly climb he hand , strolling about without provoking any reaction from the father . nemo watch he . - 27 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 60 - int . swimming pool — day nemo be in swim class . he 's the one have the most trouble swim . nemo sink , flail desperately as he try to grab the aluminum pole the instructor refuse to put within he reach . nemo cough up water , cry . a whistle blow . the boy get out of the pool to go get dress . the instructor stop they to let a group of girl go past . the boy all wait , eye rivete on the girl nemo be hypnotize by Anna . the boy leave the pool . the locker room door open a crack . nemo , hide , alone , watch Anna . she swim like a goddess . he watch she dive from the twelve - foot board . she land perfectly and swim the crawl with perfect grace . she be magnificent . nemo be lose in wonder . Anna climb gracefully out of the water and dry she hair . they eye meet for a instant . nemo be petrify . 61 - int . swimming pool — day everyone have leave . the pool be empty , even the lifeguard be go . nemo emerge from he hide place . he be alone . he approach the water . he hesitates . he climb onto the diving board , twelve foot high . he be afraid of height . he walk slowly to the end of the board . he jump . he belly - flop onto the water . he be underwater , struggle . bubbles escape from he mouth . he try to grab something , but cannot . he be drown . we hear a muffle scream . he sink to the bottom . 62 - flash underwater , prisoner in he car , adult nemo struggle . bubbles escape from he mouth . he see light above he . 62a - another flash . under the water , Jean 's face diving toward we . 63 - int . swimming pool — day the lifeguard suddenly dive in next to child nemo and pull he to the surface . nemo be lie on the ground next to the pool . the lifeguard perform artificial respiration . nemo come to , cough . he breathes . - 28 - * " Mr. nobody " version 11 64 - ext . wood — day 64bis - exhausted , nemo get off a bus . he be go home , he swim bag over he shoulder . he go past a wood area . he notice he mother , or at least he think he recognize she . we can make she out about one hundred yard away , behind some branch . she be take a stroll , look all around . nemo hide . he move toward she , avoid be notice . he reach a pond . he hear whisper voice . he look through the branch : he see he mother kiss a man he do not know . he freeze . the man walk off in one direction . the mother adjust she jacket and leave in the other direction . nemo wait without move . he be as white as a sheet . 64a - nemo be walk through the wood . he be look for the man . he head to the edge of the pond . he stop . a gust of wind rustle the leave . Anna be sit on a float dock , throw stone into the water . nemo crouch down and watch she . a voice make he jump . anna's father okay , Anna , let 's go . the man who be kissing nemo 's mother come over to Anna . Anna take she father 's hand and they leave together . 65 - flash child nemo ( off ) then the daddy and the mummy kiss all day long . * a short flash : in the live room , the father and mother be fight . 65a - a vase break . 66 - int . adult nemo 's room ( 2006 ) — night adult nemo wake in the dark . he turn toward a feminine shape : adult Anna be sleep next to he . they curl up in each other 's arm . 67 - ext . train station — day the mother , the father , and nemo be on the platform of a small train station . they be wait . the mother be hold she suitcase . the father look distraught . his eye be red . = 29 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 they each hold one of nemo 's hand . nemo look at he father , then at he mother . they do not look at each other . the mother stroke nemo 's hair , kiss he . the train pull into the station . mother so , nemo ? have you make up you mind ? do you want to come with I , or do you want to stay with you father ? nemo squeeze he parent 's hand . the train stop . the mother let go of nemo 's hand and take a few step toward the train . the mother climb aboard . she wave goodbye . the ticket inspector close all of the door but one , the one where the mother be stand . the train start move . nemo let go of he father 's hand and run as fast as he can down the platform . he be run alongside the train . the mother reach she arm out to he through the open door . nemo look back at he father . he hesitates . he be halfway between he father and he mother . a urine stain spread over he pants . mother run , nemo ! the mother reach for nemo as he run , try to catch the train . father nemo ! nemo turn back , hesitates . the mother grab nemo and pull he into the train . the disconcert ticket man help she , then close the door . nemo look at the silhouette of he father as the train pull away . 68 - ext . train station — day ... repetition of the same scene . the train be leave the station . nemo be still hold he father 's hand . he hesitates , then let go and start run down the platform . he stop for a moment , look at he father , as if regretfully , look at the depart train . he run again , look at he father as if with regret . he reach the train . the mother hold she arm out . father nemo ! nemo slow down , turn back toward he father . he stop at the end of the platform and watch the train move away . he have lose a shoe . he look at he pants which be soak . his father come run and take nemo in he arm . he try to console he . he put nemo 's shoe back on and the two of they leave for home . in the distance : - 30 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo daddy , be it my fault ? father of course not . it 's my fault . * 69 - int . doctor 's office — day the doctor be hypnotize old nemo . the pendulum swing in front of he eye ... 70 - ext. / int . misc . — day / night we see brief flash ... flash of the light of a pass train ... the track rush by under the locomotive -70a - a metronome .70b - branch sway in the wind -70c - a sway swing ... 71 - int . train — day nemo be in the train , with he mother . he press himself against * she . he be watch the landscape go by . 71a - through the window he see train track crossing , join up with other track , separate . a tangle of possible destination . 72 - model — day a toy airplane hold in a child 's hand . the plane fly over a map . on the map , the letter o-c-e-a- N pass by . the plane fly over North America . 73 - int . mother 's apartment — evening 73 bis - through the window we have a view of a big North american city . the mother and nemo be in a apartment that be not yet fully furnish . she unwrap a lamp and put it in place . 74 - ext . train station platform — day nemo be run after the train that be take he mother away . his run foot . his shoelace break . he start to lose he shoe . the train pick up speed , he mother move away . - 31 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo stumble , step on he shoelace . he stay on the platform with he father . we follow a butterfly circle up into the sky . 75 - int . shoe factory — day a butterfly flutter past the window . in the office of a shoe factory , the director be study several grade of shoelace present to he by a supplier . supplier ( strongly accented ) I can give you a good deal on this type of shoelace . the director pull firmly on the lace . it break . supplier ( cont . ) ... very good deal . 76 - ext . father 's yard — day a wind gauge stop turn . utter calm . nemo be in the yard , observe he father . nemo 's father be watch the sky . he hold he paintbrush and start painting the cloud , carefully reproduce what he see . when the father look up , the cloud have change shape and position . he try to make correction , to paint faster . he can not . the father be sit on a chair in the middle of the garden . he be look at the sky above he , a camera in hand . nemo look at he . his father use a cane to get up . 77 - ext . father 's yard — day the father spread the picture out on the table . he take he paintbrush and try to reproduce the cloud on canvas , but it do not work . 78 - ext . father 's yard — day the father use turpentine to erase he painting , scraping the paint off with a knife . he start again from scrap . he look at the cloud , hold he paintbrush . 78a - the cloud move too fast . 79 - int . father 's house — evening the father open a broom closet and throw he unfinish painting inside . he slam the door . - 32 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 80 - ext . father 's STREET - day nemo be stand on the corner of the street where he life with he father . he be watch a truck be load by mover . Anna and Harry be watch they work . the mover close the truck . Anna and she father get into the car and drive off . * 81 - int . nemo 's room in he mother 's house ( 1980/ 1984 ) — day nemo , still eight year old , wake up in he room in he mother 's apartment . he lie back down and close he eye . the camera explore the object in he room : the toy ... he desk ... we hear he mother 's voice call he . mother ( off ) nemo ! the camera continue explore the content of the room : picture on the wall ... teenage toy ... book about the planet ... we return , after a complete tour of the room , to the sleep nemo in he bed . he be fourteen year old . his mother 's voice wake he . she stick she head into the room . mother bye , sweetheart , I be off to work . do not be late for school . 82 - int . mother 's apartment — evening the mother open the door to she apartment and hang up she coat . she take off she nurse 's smock . mother nemo ... it 's I . in the foreground , teenage nemo be lie in a pool of blood , motionless , he eye wide open . his mother do not yet see he . * she walk forward , see nemo dead on the floor , then put away the grocery . mother ( cont . ) I bet you have not do you homework . hurry up and finish , I have invite someone for dinner . and I be count on you to keep you mouth shut . the mother disappear . no one be there . nemo , deathly pale , still do not move . then he get up , pick up a bottle of ketchup , wipe the ketchup from he neck and he shirt . - 33 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 83 - int . mother 's apartment — evening nemo be sit at the table . laughter , small talk . the mother have invite Harry , the man nemo see she with in the wood . Harry be pretend to be at ease . nemo stare at he without blink . Harry try to smile , but do not get a smile in return . mother nemo , do not stare at people like that . harry it 's no problem . mother he have a gift for make people uncomfortable . harry it 's nothing . nemo it will happen on a Saturday . the sun will be shine . you will be * behind the wheel of you car . you be whistling . you will not see the crossroad . all of a sudden , a butcher 's truck will appear on you * right and you will be crush . 84 - ext . country road — day flash . Harry behind the wheel of he car , whistling . a tractor pull in on he right . sound of a accident . the dashboard clock shatter . 85 - int . mother 's apartment — day ( cont . ) nemo be stare at Harry , who be as white as a sheet . nemo have a wet patch on he pants . * mother you be not funny . ( to the guest ) nemo think he can predict the future . nemo I can . I predict dad 's accident . - 34 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 mother I have always wonder if you be not the one who take off the hand brake . no one can predict the future . no one know what 's go to happen . nemo I do . the mother slap nemo in the face . * mother if you could , you would have know you be go to get that . nemo I know you have say that . 86 - int . mother 's apartment — night mother I be so sorry ... the mother be at the door . Harry be leave . we hear they whisper . the mother close the door . 87 - int . nemo 's room in he mother 's house - night nemo be in he pajamas , stand on the window sill , face the * void . the mother come into he room . she be undisturbed by the danger of the situation . mother be you proud of yourself ? nemo let go and lean into the void . mother ( cont . ) why do you systematically ruin everything I ... do not you think I have a right to live , too ? nemo fall into the void . his mother look at the empty window . she light a cigarette . mother ( cont . ) you could have stay with you father if you have want to . 87a - we pass through the window . nemo be crouch three foot below , on a terrace adjoin the window . the fall be without * danger . - 35 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 88 - ext . wood — day Police officer be search some bush . they find nemo 's body . he be miss a shoe . the scene be shot backwards , all the movement be in reverse . 89 - int . CITY school — day fourteen - year-old nemo be in a classroom , in the city where he life with he mother . teacher let I introduce a new student in we class . her name be Anna . Anna come into the room . she smile , a bit uncomfortable . whisper . nemo look at she , open-mouthed . Anna turn around and catch nemo 's eye . they look at each other without say a word . 90 - ext . bus / country road — day sitting in the school bus , nemo be shake by a bump . he be with he class . everyone be laugh and sing . it be a _ school outing , and the child have overnight bag with they . nemo be not sing . a few seat away , Anna be laugh with she friend . she turn around . she smile and come over to he . anna hi . do you remember I ? I be Anna . nemo yes . anna my father know you mother . nemo yes . anna have you be here long ? nemo no . nemo be too intimidate to answer anything but yes or no . the silence finally become embarrassing , and Anna get up and go back to she friend . " Mr. nobody " version 11 91 - ext . beach — day the young teens be run out of beach hut . they be wear * swimsuit . nemo also come onto the beach , wrap up in he towel . he be wear a ridiculous swimsuit . he sit down , away * from the group . he take a camera from he bag and take a picture of the beach in front of he . after a moment , Anna come and sit next to he . he blushes . she smile at he . a moment of silence . Anna stand up and turn toward he . anna you gonna swim ? nemo do not answer . she take he by the hand and pull he . * anna ( cont . ) come on . the water 's nice . nemo no , I ... he clam up and stare straight ahead , look sullen . Anna look at the water and wave to she friend who be call to she . anna come swim with we . they be my friend , come on ... nemo they be jerk . I do not go swim * with jerk . * Anna be cross . deeply hurt . she can not believe it . anna idiot . * Anna turn she back on he and leave . she go swim with the other . nemo look at he foot . he hate himself . we approach nemo , closer and closer . we draw close to he eye . reflection of a windowpane . we see a reflection in he eye ... the 91a - a man 's silhouette stand out in the frame ... 92 - ext. / int . train — day ... in the window of a train be adult nemo 's silhouette . he be in the train . a jolt of the train wake the doze nemo . * " Mr. nobody " version 11 93 - int . station — day nemo walk through the station . the station clock read 9:12 . nemo pass a girl with a shave head who be panhandle . he give she he change . a woman he think he recognize be come toward he . the woman be hold two child by the hand . when they be side by side , they look at each other . it be adult anna . anna oh my god ! nemo Anna ! anna how be you do ? nemo I be fine ... and you ? be that you child ? anna yes . silence . they do not know what more to say . anna ( cont . ) okay , well , see you around . nemo yeah ... see you around . they continue they separate way . nemo look deeply move by the encounter . child nemo 's voice ( off ) what on earth make I say , '' I do not go swim with jerk ? '' he take a picture from he wallet . the picture of the beach he take as a child . we move closer to the picture . we pass into it ... 94 - ext . beach — day fourteen - year - old nemo be take the picture of the beach . the same scene again . he be sit apart from the group in he ridiculous swimsuit . Anna come to sit next to he . anna you gonna swim ? nemo do not answer . she take he hand and pull he . - 38 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 anna ( cont . ) come on . the water 's nice . nemo no , I ... he clam up and stare straight ahead . nemo ( cont . ) I do not know how to swim . anna sorry ? * nemo I do not know how to swim . that 's it . please do not tell anyone . * Anna sit down next to he , understanding . they look at each other , smile , laugh . one of Anna 's girlfriend run up to they , want Anna to come with she . anna 's friend come on , be not you gonna swim ? anna no , I have get my period . i’1l stay here . nemo 's 11 keep I company . her friend walk away . Anna and nemo look at each other and share a quiet laugh . Anna move closer to nemo . they bare shoulder brush against each other . nemo get goose bump . he do not dare move for fear of disturbing the delicate contact of they skin . 95 - int . anna and nemo 's room — day sheet . a woman 's naked shoulder . adult nemo be sleep close to she . he caress she . it be adult Anna . they hug . they put they arm right next to each other . nemo look ... the hair on they arm be stand up . they both have goose bump . they embrace . 96 - int . mother 's apartment — day fourteen - year-old nemo be in he mother 's apartment . he be do he homework . we hear the door open . we hear voice that then go silent . the mother come into the room and approach nemo . she look at he . she be uncomfortable . " Mr. nobody " version 11 mother honey ... I ... I want to introduce you to someone . nemo turn toward a man who be look at he from the door . it 's Harry , the man nemo see with he mother in the wood . mother ( cont . ) you have already meet Harry . this be he daughter , Anna . Anna come into the room after Harry . nemo and Anna look at each other , both equally surprised . they act as if it 's nothing . mother ( cont . ) Anna , this be nemo . so , why do not you shake hand ... they shake hand somewhat awkwardly . 97 - int . mother 's live room — evening all four of they be at the dinner table . nemo 's mother and Anna 's father be chat , somewhat nervously . they watch discreetly as Anna and nemo sit face each other without look at each other , eat in silence . underneath the table , Anna 's foot be caress nemo 's leg . nemo blushes and look even more intently at he plate . they secretly give each other the faintest of smile . later . Anna and she father be leave . Anna shake nemo 's hand . nemo 's mother kiss Anna 's father on the lip and whisper something in he ear . they have a whisper conversation . we can barely make out : mother we must not go too fast ... we can not rush they . 98 - ext . public park — day a sunny Sunday . nemo and he mother , Anna and she father be picnick on a island face the town , in the sun . the father and mother walk off for a moment , hand in hand . they kiss in the distance , discreetly . Anna and nemo be alone together . anna I can not believe they . sometimes I wonder how old they be . nemo a pause . " Mr. nobody " version 11 anna have they already sleep together ? nemo I do not know . anna I hope they use johnny 's . I do not * want to end up with a little brother . nemo I have rather die . anna be you mum on the pill ? nemo I have no idea . anna you would better slip it in she coffee in the morning . it look like she hormone have go to she head . nemo sometimes I can see the future . anna it do not seem like it would be much fun to know what 's go to happen . like read you life from a book ... how do you do it ? * nemo close he eye . 99 - int . hospital room — night Old nemo be in he bed . the journalist be sit next to he . the recorder be still run . old nemo oh , you be still here ... I would forget you . what time be it ? journalist fourteen -seventeen . I do not understand . do you stay with you father or go with you mother ? " Mr. nobody " version 11 old nemo do I fall asleep ? some night I do not sleep . so I think , I think ... I think about how it be . that 's all I have leave ... what do you see when you look at I ? a grumpy old man who drool when he eat , who never answer question . who mix everything up . who 's keep busy by get he meal . but that 's not I . I , I wear short pants . I be nine year old . I can run faster than the train . I do not feel my aching back anymore . I be fifteen . I be in love . I be in love ... 100 - int . mother 's apartment — night everyone be back at the mother 's apartment . it be evening . mother so , I think it will be easier if everyone sleep here . nemo , will you lend you room to Anna , and you can sleep in the study ? everyone look at everyone else as though there be nothing out of the ordinary . nemo sure . 101 - int . mother 's apartment — night all the light be off in the corridor . we see a light come from under the door of the mother 's room . we hear sound of embrace , a squeaking bed . nemo slip discretely from the study . without a sound , he open the door to the room where Anna be sleep . complete darkness . he feel he way , bump into something , hold he breath . he reach the bed . he whisper . nemo Anna ? Anna turn over and lift the cover , invite he to slip into the bed . he slip in and lie down next to Anna , very close . they look into each other 's eye . they touch each other 's face . Anna gently run she fingertip over nemo 's skin . nemo shiver . we see the hair on he arm straighten . " Mr. nobody " version 11 at the end of the hall , the sound of nemo 's mother and Anna 's father intercourse become louder and louder . we hear the mother * reach a theatrical - sounding orgasm . nemo 's lip brush Anna 's cheek . we hear only they control breathe . they finally kiss . they disappear under the cover . 102 - int . mother 's apartment ( 1988 ) — day it be morning . under the cover , nemo and Anna be asleep in each other 's arm . time have go by , they hair have change . a voice ring out in the hall . nemon mother ( off ) nemo ? ... nemo ? nemo wake with a start . as do Anna . nemo yank he pajamas on . * he get all tangle up in they , fall to the ground , hurry . he 's in a panic . nemo open the door to the hall . his mother 's back be to he , and he take advantage to silently cross the hall , pull up he pants , and slip into the small study . he jump into bed as fast as he can and pretend to be asleep . we hear voice in the hall . anna' father ( off ) be not he sleep in the study ? * nemon mother ( off ) no , I just look , and he 's not there . nemo open he eye , panic . he jump out of bed . nemo 's S mother Anna , have you see you brother ? anna he 's not my brother . nemo cross the hall again as fast as he can , without be see . he go into the bathroom , flush the toilet , slow himself down , and come back out look half - asleep . nemo 's S mother there you be . do you sleep well ? he groan , return to the study and get back into bed - this time * fall asleep for real , exhaust . the camera pull back . 102a - the camera leave through the window ... - 43 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 103 - ext . CITY — day ... the camera be still move back . we see the apartment building . we move further back . we see the city from above . the image freeze . it be a postcard lie on a table ... 104 - int . father 's house ( 1988 ) — night the postcard be lie on the kitchen table . we hear the door open . fourteen - year-old nemo come into the house and close the door behind he . he have different clothes and a different haircut from the previous scene . the father 's voice emerge from the kitchen . father ( off ) who 's there ? nemo it 's I . nemo come into the kitchen . his father be in a wheelchair . he have age . he look at nemo strangely . he do not recognize he . nemo come over and lean close to he father . he take he hand . the father be still stare at he . nemo ( cont . ) it 's I , dad. nemo . you son . father nemo ! of course , son . where be you ? nemo at the hardware store , dad . I * always work at the hardware store * after school . nemo grab a pan and start cooking . father you know , a boy you age should get out more . you can leave I alone * you know . I can manage . * nemo it 's no problem , dad . I like be at home . a bit later . they be eat , sit across the table from each other . the father can only manage to use one clumsy hand . nemo cut he meat for he . " Mr. nobody " version 11 father a card from you mother come in the mail . you have not look at it . nemo I know . i’1l1 read it later . father wo not you go see she someday ? nemo I have not see she in seven year . if she have ever want to see I , she have know where to find I . no , I have get everything I need , dad . everything 's fine . 104a - a bit later , in the bathroom . nemo be carry he father . he undress he . he get undress himself and start run the shower . he carry he father in he arm and place he under the shower , stay with he . the father cling to he son as best he can and let himself be wash like a baby . nemo lather he up . nemo dry he father with a towel . he be calm and attentive , he gesture assure . 104b - a bit later still , in the father 's bedroom . nemo dress he father in he pajamas and put he to bed . he kiss he forehead and turn out the light . nemo ( cont . ) night , dad . father goodnight , son . nemo leave the room . the father call he back : father ( cont . ) nemo ! nemo yes , dad ? father you 's be a good son , nemo . nemo watch as he father fall asleep . he tiptoe out of the room . 105 - ext . STREET — night nemo climb astride a old motorcycle and kick-start it . he pull out slowly . he ride down the road . - 45 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 105a - he ride . he ride faster and faster . he ride at breakneck speed , howling . he ride down a desert road . he feel the wind on he skin . he ride . he howl . he be mad with rage . 105b - finally , he arrive in front of he house . he park he motorcycle silently . he be calm . 106 - int . father 's house — night he enter the house without a sound . 106a - he open the door to he father 's room , find he asleep . he go to tuck he in . 106b - then nemo enter he own room . he sit down in front of a old typewriter and start type . sheet of paper be pile next to the machine . the metal rod strike the surface of the paper and word appear : '' after three month and six day ... '' teenage nemo ( off ) after three month and six day of travel , the shuttle be head directly toward the Cancer nebula , in line with Uranus and its five moon . it be finally approach Mars and the colony . on board , the computer be monitoring the passenger 's artificial hibernation ... 107 - ext . cosmos — night in the distance , the Cancer nebula . a spaceship pass quite near we - propel by enormous solar sail - and disappear in the immensity of the cosmos , head toward a small red planet . 108 - int . spaceship — night adult nemo be in a state of hibernation in a container behind a pane of glass . he be in he fifty , white silvery hair . he have a burn scar on he face . Computers monitor he condition . a beam of blue light scan he constantly . articulate arm examine he . on the screen we can see virtual representation of he vital organ . his heartbeat be slowed . in the corridor of the spaceship , three other chamber contain the rest of the crew ... we approach nemo 's freeze face . his eyeball quiver slightly . his pulse accelerate . adult nemo ( off ) Anna ... Anna ... - 46 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 109 - int . doctor 's office — day during the hypnosis session , the doctor 's pendulum swing evenly in front of we ... old nemo ( off ) Anna ... Anna ... 110 - int . mother 's apartment — morning nemo see a tennis match on television through the open door of he parent 's room . it be the throaty breathe of the player that we hear . 110a - ext / int . terrace / mother apartment - morning summer sunshine . nemo and Anna be lie on the terrace , in swimsuit and sunglass . they be doze , exhaust , pretend to read . they pass a joint back and forth . Anna 's foot slip discreetly along nemo 's thigh . Anna 's father and nemo 's mother be prepare to go out . Anna hide the joint and wave the smoke away . they giggle . nemo 's S mother we have get errand to run , we will be back in a hour . anna's father put on a shirt , Anna ... you be go to get sunburn . the father look at they insistently , as if he have some doubt . as soon as the door be close , they burst out laugh . they throw themselves at each other , kissing , roll on the breakfast table , knock everything to the floor , roll on the ground , undress . Anna grasp he between she leg , they roll around on the couch , they roll around on the rug , laugh . they catch they breath . nemo take a ice cube from a overturn glass and slide it gently over Anna 's skin . he watch she skin contract , goose bump appear . he slide the ice from she arm to she belly , then over the tip of she breast , which stand up . anna you be mine . nemo and you be mine . pause . nemo look sad . - a7 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo ( cont . ) I be wonder what would have happen if we have not meet ... maybe I have be with my father . but the most important thing would be miss . anna what ? nemo you . Anna hold onto he tightly . anna do you see we future ? nemo I have stop see the future . it scare I when I do not see you . I do not want a future if you be not in it . anna forever . nemo forever . whatever happen . there be no life without you . anna no life without you . 111 - int . father 's house — dawn teenage nemo wake up , get out of bed . 111a - nemo and he father be in the bathroom . nemo apply shave cream to he father 's face and shave he carefully . he be calm and attentive , he gesture precise . the blade slide over he father 's neck . he finish and put aftershave on he . father you look like my son . nemo I be you son , dad . father my son be taller than you . 111b - nemo position he father in front of the window . the father gaze at the cloud move slowly through the window frame . * - 48 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 112 - int . father 's house — night nemo be in he room , sit at he typewriter . his finger dance quickly over the key . the page fill up . nemo ( off ) the spaceship be now only sixty - seven thousand kilometer from Mars , and we could already see the two moon , phobos and deimo . they be prepare to spend 779 day there , until Mars come close to the Earth again . 113 - int . spaceship — night the motionless face of adult nemo , in he container . the shuttle 's sail fold in . Mars appear , immense and red . it be magnificent . its surface be cover with valley , and we can discern the presence of four city . teenage nemo ( off ) the onboard computer display : * on the space shuttle , the onboard computer display the message : '' end of hibernation . '' 114 - int . father 's house — night we see the typewriter key write on the white paper : * e-n-d o-f h-i-b-e-r-n-a-t-i-o-n . nemo reread the word and stop . he take the sheet of paper from the typewriter and lay it on the pile of page that make up he novel . 115 - ext . village street — night it be dark . nemo be walk toward the village . he stop in front of the village hall . there be music . nemo hesitates . he take a coin from he pocket , flip it , but can not catch the coin , which fall into the gutter . nemo go inside . 116 - int . village hall — night the village hall be crowded , mostly with young people . he hear someone burst out with laughter he see in the distance a girl he * age , elise , who be laugh . she turn toward he . she give hima little wave . a handsome young man , stefano , be next to she . - 49 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 elise hold onto he arm , and stefano hold he girlfriend 's hand and kiss she . elise whisper something in he ear . stefano be you crazy , or what ? elise turn white . she pass from giggle to sob . she crouch on the ground . nemo freeze , watch . stefano ( cont . ) come on , it 's no big deal , I do not say anything mean . someone try to help elise up , but she stomp she foot on the ground , then try to control herself , but break down cry again . people be uncomfortable . elise push she way through the crowd . she be head right toward nemo , and stop in front of he . elise shall we go , nemo ? nemo Excuse I ? elise shall we go ? this be such a bore . she take he arm and drag he toward the exit . 117 - ext . STREET — night nemo and elise come out of the village hall . nemo be uncomfortable . nemo how do you know my name ? elise 's eye be still full of tear . she hiccup . he give she a handkerchief . she refuse it . nemo ( cont . ) you x11 drow . she smile . she look at nemo . she think he 's nice . she take the handkerchief , blow she nose . she smile at he . elise we go to the same school , but you have never notice I . you never look at anyone . do you have a * girlfriend ? nemo - 50 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 elise be you queer ? why do not you have a * girlfriend ? nemo I do not know . I do not want one . elise tell I about yourself . you use to wet you pants . everyone think you be a weirdo . you be always all * alone . talk . say something . nemo elise do you like I ? do you think I be pretty ? you do not like my accent , * do you ? what be you think ? * nemo I have get a bit of a headache . * elise say something , come on ! nemo gravity on Mars be .38 . Three time less than on Earth . the ground be cover with iron oxide dust . elise burst out laugh . she look at he , melting . elise you be incredible . raise you hand and say '' I swear . '' nemo why ? elise promise that if I die , you will go spread my ash on Mars . nemo it be estimate that travel to Mars would take six to eight month . the first passenger will be white mouse . elise say '' I swear . '' - 51 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo ( not dare to contradict she ) I swear . elise we be neighbor when we be little . elise ... do not you remember ? 117a - flash : a little girl in a yellow dress watch child nemo go by . on one side of she a little girl in a pink dress , on the other side one in a blue dress . nemo elise ! ... yes . I have the feel I have see you somewhere ... elise that 's call déja vu . they say that it 's the signal from the eye go through you memory before ... * nemo no , that 's not it ... 117b - flash : nemo and elise be sleep in each other 's arm , as adult , surround by they three child . teenage elise in another life then ? anyway , I remember you ! she take he hand and move close to he . he squeeze she hand . they look into each other 's eye . he blushes , stir up . she bring she face close to he . he approach too . she step back . elise ( cont . ) you should not . you do not know I ... I be not a good person . nemo why do you say that ? elise start cry . he caress she face . she move close to he . she kiss he . she suddenly turn around and run away . nemo ( cont . ) elise ! wait ! elise I 'il call you ! nemo you do not have my number ! - 52 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 118 - int . father 's house — night 118a - nemo be look at the phone . it do not ring . sitting at the table in he room , nemo write a letter . he write , '' dear elise , '' then stop . he wad up the page , take a new one . he be in front of a blank page . he do not know what to write . he shake . bead of sweat stand out on he forehead . slowly , he begin write . his pen glide over the page make a sharp little noise . adult nemo ( off ) what happen when we fall in love ? as a result of certain stimulus , the hypothalamus release a powerful discharge of endorphin ... 119 - int . tv studio — day adult nemo be look into the camera . it be a popular science program . 119a - a cross-section of a brain be in superimposition . nemo ( cont . ) but why exactly that woman or that man ? be there a release of odourless pheromone that correspond to a complementary genetic signal ? or be it physical feature that we recognize ? a mother 's eye ? a sister 's dimple ? a smell that stimulate a happy memory ? 119b - we see brief flash of elise look at nemo . we see she eye , very close up ... 119c - we see the eye of nemo 's mother . we see elise 's nose . the mouth , the chin . we see the hand . her haircut be similar to he mother 's . we see nemo look at she , breathe . we go into a nostril . 119d - we see gland contracting , we see the heart beat faster , the blood flow increase ... nemo ( cont . ) be love part of a plan ? a vast war plan between two mode of reproduction ? bacteria and viruse be asexual organism . - 53 - + eh of " Mr. nobody " version 11 119e - we see bacteria multiply through cell division . we see they genome divide into two perfectly identical code . nemo ( cont . ) with each cell division , each multiplication , they mutate and perfect themselves , much more quickly than we do . against this , we respond with a fearsome weapon : sex . two individual , by mixing they gene , shuffle the card and create a individual who resist viruse better the more dissimilar he or she be . 119f - we see DNA mixing to produce a different combination . nemo ( cont . ) be we unknow participant in a war that be beyond we , a war between two mode of reproduction ? credit music . the image stop roll behind nemo . the tape rewind . the background go out , leave a blue screen . nemo consult he papers and look at he watch . the light go on . we be in a tv studio . loudspeaker voice okay , that 's good for today . nemo ( to Peter , a pass assistant ) be I okay ? * peter I think it be good . nemo take out he cell phone and dial a number . nemo honey ? I be run a little late . * 120 - ext . anna and nemo 's house — day Anna answer she cell phone in front of a pretty white house . the child play around she as she escort they inside . anna no problem . we 'il wait . nemo ( off ) Anna ! I love you . - 54 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 anna I love you more . nemo ( off ) I more . anna I more . nemo ( off ) okay . anna cheater . 121 - ext . tv studio — day nemo hang up . he be walk briskly out of the studio . he take he key from he pocket . he climb into he car and drive away . he pass a cyclist , who be force to brake . the cyclist stop and let he past . 122 - ext . wood — day nemo 's car be drive fast down a road that go through a wood area . in the distance , bird be bustling in the branch , chirp away . they land on the road surface , peck at seed . nemo 's car suddenly appear . one of the bird hit he windshield . 122a - nemo swerve to the side , skid . the car zigzag . nemo lose control of the vehicle , and it go off the road , plunging into a river ... 123 - ext . under water — day the car sink under the water ... Water pour in through the half - open window . there be no more air . nemo struggle . bubbles come out of he mouth . he strike at the door in vain . his gesture become slower . nemo ( off ) shit ... I have get to go back . I have * to start again ... in the rearview mirror we see : 124 - ext . country railroad station — day child nemo be run after the train that be take he mother away . a baggage handler pass in front of nemo with he cart . - 55 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo stop and watch the train move away . the train move away ... 125 - ext . elise 's STREET — day ... veflect in the motorcycle rearview mirror . teenage nemo be sit astride he stationary motorcycle . he be hold he letter in he hand . he be watch a house , and see elise come outside . he hide . he be go to approach she . he do not dare . he clutches he letter so hard he crush it . he see elise emerge from she house , laugh with stefano . nemo blanch . they eye meet . nemo look down and ride away . stefano do you know he ? elise that 's nemo . he 's weird . he do everything he can to avoid I . 126 - ext . road — night nemo be racing he motorcycle . he be go at breakneck speed . the wind be whipping at he face , tear run down he cheek . he howl , but he voice be cover by the motorcycle 's roar . it 's the same road as usual , we recognize the bend . the road rush by . the wind fill nemo 's eye with tear . the turn be tight . 126a - just ahead , a dead leaf lie on the roadway . the motorcycle approach . all of a sudden , he skid . the motorcycle swerve . nemo crash to the ground . he be lie beside the road , motionless . nothing move . oil from the motorcycle empty drop by drop onto the asphalt . 126b - later . a ambulance be on the scene . there be a lot of commotion . flashes of light . foot and hand go by . people be try to keep nemo awake . he be carry away on a stretcher . nurse talk to he , but he hear nothing . they put a oxygen mask over he face . 127 - int . hospital ( 1988 ) — day a body be lie on a hospital bed . it be hook up to all kind of tube , breathe machine . it do not move . it be fourteen - year - old nemo . his face be half - cover by mask and tube . we can make out a presence around he . we sense a nurse place a thermometer under he arm . nurse 1 ( off ) do you think he can hear we ? have you see any reaction ? * " Mr. nobody " version 11 nurse 2 ( off ) I do not know . but I have get a funny * feel that he can ... * nemo be confine to the bed and do not move . nurse 1 lean over he . nurse 1 Sir ? if you can hear I , move you * finger . nemo 's hand . nothing move . nemo 's voice ( off ) who 's there ? ... what be I do here ? nurse 1 can you move you eye ? nemo 's eye remain hopelessly close . nemon voice ( off ) ( get louder and louder ) I have get to get out of here ... go back before the accident ... I 've got to wake up ! 127a - we move away from he at top speed , pass through the wall , the hallway ... 127b - we pass through the windshield of the ambulance as be it racing through the street . 127c - flash : we see the motorcycle accident in reverse . 128 - ext . elise 's STREET — day back in time ... nemo be astride he stationary motorcycle . he be hold he letter . stefano walk away down the sidewalk , nemo have not see he . he be watch elise as she come out of she house . he approach she and stop in front of she . he look she straight in the eye . she be both surprised and happy . he give she the envelope . nemo I believe in one thing . I believe we should always say '' I love you '' to the people we love . they look at each other intensely . nemo ( cont . ) I love you . - 57 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 she be deeply move . he kiss she on the lip . she hug he tightly . they kiss for a long time , without come up for air . suddenly , she draw back . elise I be not a good person , nemo . we ... we should not . I ... I love stefano . nemo what ? elise stefano . you see he , at the party with I . I ... he do not love I . he 's with ... that idiot ... nemo and so ? elise I love he anyway . I can not help myself . I be in love with he . I ... I be sorry . nemo be dumbfounded . he stare at she without move . a butterfly pass above they , pirouetting in the sky . 129 - int . father 's house — evening nemo be crush . he be play chess with himself . his father look at he tenderly . nemo dad , I be get marry . father oh ? and who 's the lucky lady ? nemo it 's not that . I be go to marry the first girl who dance with I tonight . 130 - int . village hall — night a dance in the village hall . everyone be dress differently from the first time . nemo come in . he see elise on the other side of the room . they eye meet . he want to go over to she , but she turn away . she ask stefano to dance . it 's a slow dance , the light be dim . nemo watch she . she press close to stefano , put she arm around he neck . she glance at nemo . nemo blushes , furious , and turn away . he ask the first girl he see to dance . it be teenage jean . she smile at he , and seem very nice . - 58 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 jean thanks , nemo . they go onto the dance floor and dance press closely together nemo look at elise dance with stefano . he be furious . Jean look at nemo . elise glance at they . nemo look at Jean . he slowly move he face toward hers . she pull back a bit , hesitates . nemo bring he lip to hers , and they kiss . Jean hesitates for a moment , then let herself go , put she arm around he . elise force herself to smile at stefano . she pretend to be happy . Jean press herself to nemo . she be truly happy . she be in love . nemo be furious . he let himself be embrace by Jean , who be smile , she eye close , tear in she eye . she whisper : jean ( cont . ) nemo ... nemo ... nemo close he eye . the image fade to black . 131 - ext . country road — night nemo , he face hard , be riding at top speed on he motorcycle . Jean be astride behind he , she arm around he , hold on . child nemo ( off ) on that day , I will make a lot of foolish decision . one : I will never leave anything to chance again ... teenage nemo look right at the camera and say : teenage nemo one : I will never leave anything to chance again . two : I will marry the girl on my motorcycle . three : I x11 be rich . four : we will have a house . a big house . paint yellow . with a yard . and two child , Paul and Michael . five : til have a convertible . Red . and a swim pool . i’1l learn to swim . six : I will not stop until I have succeed . 131a - nemo 's speech be pepper with flash : adult Jean . a white house , that grow bigger when the voice over say '' big house '' and turn yellow when the voice say '' yellow . '' a yard spread around it , and a automatic sprinkler system start up . a blue convertible appear in front of the garage and turn red when the voice say '' Red . '' two child pose in front of the house hold hand . they t-shirt read '' Paul '' and '' Michael '' . - 59 - * + + of " Mr. nobody " version 11 132 - ext . nemo and jean 's yard — dawn the big pool in nemo and Jean 's yard , at dawn . adult nemo , in he bathrobe , be on the diving board , a bottle of scotch in he hand . he fall forward and spin in the air for a few second before plunging under the water . 133 - ext . nemo and jean 's yard — day the vast estate . a gardener be mow the lawn . nemo float in the pool , almost motionless . Jean scream and dive in fully dress to save he . Black . paul ( off ) daddy ? ... daddy ? jean ( off ) Paul , do not wake you father ! 133a - nemo 's eye pop open . he be sleep on a chaise lounge , hold a glass of juice . he be beside a tarp - cover pool . nemo look at Jean . nemo elise ? the woman look surprised . nemo put down he glass . jean it 's I , Jean ... who 's elise ? * nemo Jean ? ... oh , right ... jean Paul , you can keep play . Paul walk away . nemo 's expression be blank . his child be laugh as they play with a dog . nemo move to pick up he glass , but it 's not there anymore . nemo do not I have a glass ? jean no ... you be still tired , nemo . you need to rest . she look at he , a silent moment . nemo look at he shoe , intrigue . the lace be break . he pull it off . " Mr. nobody " version jean ( cont . ) nemo ... do I matter to you ? nemo look at she . jean ( cont . ) I have just like to ask you one question . do you do it on purpose ? nemo look at she , uncomprehend . Jean take a paper from she pocket and unfold it . she hand it to nemo . jean ( cont . ) I find it on the bedside table . nemo do I write that ?... it be my write . I do not remember ... Jean take the paper back . jean ( read ) '' there come a time in life when everything seem narrow . choice have be make . I can only continue on . I know myself inside out , I can predict my every reaction . everything be predictable . my life have be cast in cement , with airbag and seatbelt . I have control everything . I have do everything to reach this point , and now that I be here , I be fuck bored . the hardest thing be know whether I be still alive . '' 134 - int . office — night nemo be in he office , plunge in darkness . there be a picture of Jean on he desk . he look at the break shoelace in he hand . he look at a candle flame . he hold he hand over the flame to see if it burn . he hold it there as long as he can . his hand start to smoke . 135 - int . anna 's room in the mother 's house — day teenage nemo wake with a start . he look at he hand , which be unscathed . blonde hair be spread out next to he . he study it . it be Anna . they be in Anna 's room . she also wake up . nemo Jean ? 11 " Mr. nobody " version anna what do you say ? nemo Anna , be that you ? I have a dream ... a weird dream . they hear a noise . nemo jump out of bed . he look at the time , pull on a t-shirt as fast as he can . anna fast ! nemo open the door a crack . no one . nemo tiptoe down the hall . we no longer hear sound of love from the parent 's room , but sound of fight . 136 - int . mother 's apartment — day Breakfast . no one be talk . Anna 's father and nemo 's mother be not speak . they be angry with each other . Anna and nemo glance at they discreetly . anna everything okay ? anna's father everything 's great . mind you own business . everyone stare at they food in silence . nemo 's S mother well . it be important for you to understand ... in life , thing do not always work out the way we plan they . Harry and I think ... life be not always what we think it will be . nemo what be you talk about ? I do not get it . mother Anna already know . nemo turn toward Anna , who look away . mother ( cont . ) Harry and I be go to separate . nemo look at he mother as if he can not believe it . 11 + + of " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo what ? but why ? you have no right , I ... what 's wrong with y... * anna's father you have play you part in it . I do not know what 's go on between you two , and I do not want to know . it 's sick . you be brother and sister . it be better that ... * anna we be not brother and sister ! Anna run to she room and slam the door . nemo follow she . 137 - int . anna 's room — day nemo burst into Anna 's room , but she avoid he eye . he lock the door behind he . nemo you know ? ... and you do not tell I ? he turn away , furious . Anna take he in she arm , hold he tight , sob . he turn toward she , also cry . her father knock furiously at the door . nemo ( cont . ) where ? where be you go ? anna to New York . in ten day . my father find a job there . both of they be crush . they do not move . they hold each other tightly . anna ( cont . ) we will meet every Sunday , near the lighthouse . okay ? until we see each other again . for life . okay ? it 's not over . we still have time . we have to take advantage of every minute . they kiss . 137a - a little later . they be lie on the floor , motionless , hold hand . the sunlight move through the room . they do not move . it be endless . " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo ten day , that make ... 14,400 minute . I wish everything would stop right now , and thing to stay * this way forever . anna they say that if you slow you * breathe , time slow down . the * hindus say so . they stare into each other 's eye , without move , hold hand . they hold they breath . a little later , at night . they make love , almost without move , in slow motion . a little later . through the window , they watch the sun rise . the branch of the tree dance in slow motion ... they turn toward each other in slow motion . they finger touch . we hear a faucet drip . * 137b - a drop fall from the bathroom faucet , its fall slow ... and it stop in mid air , as if time have stop . 138 - ext . space and misc . — day the planet slow they rotation ... adult nemo ( off ) will time stop move when the expansion of the universe reach its end ? we pull back , away from the solar system . we see galaxy , move back even more , see a mass of galaxy , pull back more , see a kind of brilliance , a drop . we pull even further back and we see that it be lachrymal fluid from a eyelid . we see a eye . we pull further back . 138a - it be Anna 's eye ... adult nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) be the universe a miniscule part of a much great ensemble ? is_ the entire universe contain in a microscopic molecule , in a tear perch on a eyelid ? 139 - int . nemo 's room — day a shine tear fall from Anna 's eyelid and run down she cheek . the shadow of two teenage hand on the wall ... " Mr. nobody " version 11 they touch , caress each other ... Dust dance in the air , around they finger ... through the window , fall autumn leave hang in the air ... very close up , Anna 's mouth , she lip . 140 - int . nemo 's room — night nemo and Anna be lie side by side , they eye open ... Anna touch she nose to nemo 's skin ... anna ( whisper ) I have to remember the smell of * every part of you body . I ’1l1 never forget . she run she nose over nemo 's torso . anna ( cont . ) ( whisper ) you be the first and last person I will ever love . nemo ( whisper ) you be the first and the last . they make love . anna we 'il meet near the lighthouse . and we ’l1l write . they kiss . they hold each other tight . 141 - int . hall in the mother 's apartment — day Anna 's room be empty . the box be stack in the hall . Anna 's father walk down the hall . mover take the thing away . 142 - int . mother 's apartment — evening nemo close himself in he room . he lean against the door . he do not want to see . he be cry . anna' father ( off ) Anna , it 's time to go ... nemo do not open . he listen at the door . he kneel down and look through the lock . through the hole , he see Anna 's eye . he hear she whisper . " Mr. nobody " version 11 anna ( off ) I love you . a noise . Anna 's eye be no longer visible . the front door close . nemo open he bedroom door and run as fast as he can to catch they . 142a - he rush down the stair . 143 - ext . STREET — night nemo reach the street just as the car be pull away . we see the two red run light move away and turn leave . nemo decide to cut through on a parallel street . he run as fast as he can . he be out of breath , frown , but run even faster . he see between the house that he be even with the car . the car move slightly ahead of he . nemo accelerate . he knock over garbage can . the fence on the street rush past . 143a - he reach a major road . he see the headlight turn into the street and come toward he . nemo stop , and without hesitate , step into the road , spread he arm in the darkness to stop the car . the headlight approach . the light blind he , and he squint . the headlight come closer , without slow down ... they be very close . suddenly , the two headlight separate and pass on either side of he . nemo can not believe it . he turn around . it be two scooter , which be continue on they way . scooter rider hey kid , do not stand there ! nemo watch they go , daze , desperate . he howl into the night : nemo annaaaaaa ! 144 - int . spaceship — night the motionless face of adult nemo . frost stick to he beard and eyelash . his skin be almost blue . probe provide reading of the weak , distant beat of he heart . adult nemo ( off ) ( whisper , very near Anna ! ... Anna ? 144a - flash : the three little girl in they colorful dress : Anna , elise , Jean . " Mr. nobody " version 11 teenage nemo ( off ) '' after ninety day , the onboard computer be still maintain the passenger 's metabolism at the level of a hibernate frog . '' nemo 's face . we hear indian music . reflected in the glass of the container , the image of a television . 145 - int . hospital ( 1988 ) — day indian music come from a television set ... in the on-duty personnel station , a indian nurse be watch a brightly color film : a indian singer be declare he undy love to a beauty . 145a - teenage nemo , in a coma , lie motionless on he hospital bed , hook up to machine . teenage nemo ( off ) '' he have always be fascinate by the fact that certain frog can spend the winter completely freeze , and that , when spring come , comma , they defrost and begin live again . period . the onboard computer display : '' 146 - int . spaceship — night the computer onboard the spaceship display : '' end of hibernation . '' the ice on nemo 's face instantly melt and run off . his color return . vital function return to normal : pulse , brain , nervous system ... the door to the hibernation chamber open . nemo be in he fifty and have a burn scar on he face . 146a - we be in the center ring of the spaceship . Big bay window look out into space . hibernation case open all along the ring , release passenger of every nationality . a stewardess pass with fruit juice . Television screen broadcast a loop of image of earth : grass , cloud , river . everything make one think more of tourism than of a scientific expedition : the big bay window look out over the landscape , the chair position to admire the view , the music . welcome message be play in every language . the passenger be hand suspicious - look green meal trays . the planet Mars appear in the spaceship 's line of vision , huge and red . the tourist look on in wonder . nemo be seat among they . he be hold he suitcase on he knee , and on top of it , a urn . a passenger this be a dream come true to I ... * there be two tragedy in life . * ( more ) " Mr. nobody " version 11 a passenger ( cont would ) one be not to fulfill you dream . the other be to fulfill they . ( he look through the window . ) it do not look like there 's much to do . I hope I bring enough sudoku puzzle . 147 - int . hospital ( 1988 ) — day nemo remain entirely motionless . nemo ( off ) if I could at least move my finger ... or my eye ... someone just come in ... the floor vibrate softly under the foot of a nurse as she come into the room . she open the curtain . nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) daytime ... it 's daytime ... the sun be out ... it 's warmer on the leave than on the right ... the nurse undress he . he feel she lift he arm . nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) she 's different from the one this morning ... not the same perfume ... her hand be soft . she wash he . he feel the washcloth on he skin . the sun be shine on he face , and the shadow of the nurse pass back and forth over he . nemo feel with pleasure the contact of she hand on he skin . the washcloth slide over he chest . a ray of sun wash over nemo 's face . the nurse offer a unexpected gesture of tenderness to the teenager . she look around to see that no one be look , then she kiss nemo 's forehead . nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) elise ... be that elise ? the indian music get louder . 148 - indian movie the sun shine in the sky . the hero be sing to he love . they gallop on horseback over the hill . they embrace . 149 - ext . elise 's STREET — day back in time ... nemo be hold he letter . he stop before elise . he look into she eye . + fh hof " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo I believe one thing . I believe we should always say '' I love you '' to the people we love . they look at each other intensely . nemo ( cont . ) I love you . she be deeply move . he kiss she on the lip . she suddenly draw back . elise I be not a good person , nemo . we ... we should not . I ... nemo you be the one I love . elise I have to tell you ... he put a finger to she lip to stop she . nemo shhh ... do not say anything . you can count on I for Mars . I promise . she smile . he kiss she . she hesitates , then hug he tightly . they kiss lengthily , without come up for air . a place go by in the background , pull a streamer . 150 - ext . church — day adult nemo and elise step out of a church under a rain of rice . they be marry . they get into a white car decorate with a ribbon read '' just married . '' they drive away . 151 - model a toy airplane , hold in a child 's hand . the plane fly we a map . on the map , the letter '' ocean '' run past . the plane fly over North America . 152 - int . nemo and elise 's room ( 2006 ) — day a alarm clock ring . nemo and elise be thirty - six . nemo get up . the scene be identical to the one at the beginning of the film . elise be sleep . nemo go into the bathroom . we stay with elise , whose back be to nemo . her eye be open . tear stream down she cheek . nemo do not see she cry . " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo come back into the room . he lie down next to elise . elise open she eye . as soon as she see he , she cry more . nemo what be it ? elise I dreamt I be somewhere else ... nemo what do you mean ? elise nothing . nemo want we to go for a stroll today ? * do you want I to ... elise I do not want anything . nothing . she start cry again , she chin tremble , shaking from head to foot . elise ( cont . ) I be so lousy ... I be worthless . I * can not stand this life anymore . nemo you be not lousy , you be fantastic . you be exhaust , that 's all . it will be fine , you will come out of it . think about it ... you have get incredible kid , you have get ... elise stop try to cheer I up , it make I feel even guiltier . she be lie down , sobbing . nemo look at she , powerless . elise ( cont . ) what 's wrong with I ? what 's wrong with I ? she turn toward he . elise ( cont . ) do something ! do something to make it stop ! nemo I think it would be good if I call a doctor . - 70 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 she turn back toward he , she lip taut , wave a finger at he . elise no doctor ! nemo put a hand on she shoulder . she pull away brusquely . elise ( cont . ) please ... do not touch I . 153 - int . nemo and elise 's house - day nemo be prepare breakfast , the child be at the table . they look a little worried . nemo try to be lighthearted . joyce how 's 's mum ? nemo she 's tired . she 's sleep . noah she 's always tired . joyce ( as if distractedly ) be she depressed ? nemo she have up and downs . joyce I do not know about you , but next time mum have one of she crisis , I be go to go live somewhere else . nemo freeze , look at she . he do not know what to say . nemo so , do anyone have a joke ? what 's small , green , and go up and down ? eve a pea in a elevator . it 's not funny . Old people humour . nemo I ’1ll take you to school . Joyce , be you gonna be all right ? joyce of course . it 's not because mum 's not okay that I be not okay . - 71 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 154 - ext . school STREET — day it be raining . nemo drop off the child in front of the school and drive away . 155 - int . car wash — day nemo be in he car . soapsud spread across he windshield , sweep by a noisy , spin brush . it 's pretty . jet of water push the sud to the side window . the car move forward on its own , pull by the mechanism . nemo watch . it relax he . 156 - ext . car wash — day nemo leave the car wash . he stop at a red light . behind the wheel of the car next to he be Anna . Children be in the back seat of she car . they eye meet for a instant . they do not take note , do not know each other . Anna pull away before nemo . 157 - int . mother 's apartment — day a picture of teenage Anna stand on the desk . teenage nemo be write a letter . his mother walk past in the background . he close the envelope , write Anna 's address . he close he eye and concentrate . nemo ( off ) Anna . 158 - int . / ext . new york - harry 's house — day the postman slip nemo 's letter into a mailbox . Harry come out of the house , pick up the mail . he tear up nemo 's letter . 159 - ext . public park — day it be winter . nemo be near the lighthouse where he and Anna say they would meet . he be alone , sit on a bench . the park be desert . nemo close he eye and concentrate . nemo ( off ) Anna ... can you hear I ? 160 - ext . new york — day it be winter . Anna be walk down a street , over a bridge . she close she eye ... anna nemo ... sometimes I remember reconstruct you inch , 161 - int . mother 's apartment you " Mr. nobody " version 11 ( off ) I talk to you all the time . have face . in my mind , trouble so I inch by until I can see you again ... — day it be snow outside . mover the mother direct they . the door . she discretely tear up be carry box from the house as mother pick up the mail under the a letter and throw it away . 162 - int. / ext . misc . — day / night nemo slip a envelope into a mailbox . 162a - we see the path the letter follow . the address be optically scan . the letter enter a automated rout system . it be bundle with other letter , all tie together . the bundle be throw in with other in big canvas bag . the bag be transport . the bag be open . the string around the bundle be cut . the letter be sort into small slot . a stamp hit the letter : '' no longer at this address . '' 163 - int . mother 's apartment — evening nemo be hold the letter . the apartment be almost empty . nemo be at the table , across from he mother . his eye be red from cry . he stare at he plate with no appetite . mother come on , eat you do you good . zucchini . it ’l1l nemo look hopelessly at the slice of zucchini in he plate . 164 - educational tv program a zucchini plant in a garden , with its big leave . appear in superimposition , speak to the camera . adult nemo adult nemo do the zucchini know pain ? a caterpillar move across a leaf and begin eat it . we see the zucchini plant in cross-section . a red glow appear in the root and spread through the stem . adult nemo 's face reflect on the teleprompter . the text go by . - 73 - " Mr. adult nemo ( cont . ) when the insect bite into the leaf , the plant find a bitter substance in its root that it diffuse into the leave to make they inedible . nobody " version 11 the insect abandon the leaf . on another leaf , a kind of beetle be cut a circular trench . adult nemo ( cont . ) epilachna borealis have find how to block that move : they cut a circular trench through the leaf before the bitterness reach it and feed on the inside . the insect eat the edible disk . adult nemo ( cont . ) what do the zucchini feel ? be it pain ? be information carry chemically less painful than information carry by a _ nervous system ? do the zucchini cry out when you chew it ? 165 - int . mother 's apartment — evening the mother be chew a mouthful of zucchini . nemo look at the slice in he plate . mother we need to look to the future . it will be good to change house , to have a new life ... nemo will we have a pool ? mother you hate water . you do not know how to swim . you never know what you want . nemo I do know . mother that 's news . and what be it you want ? nemo I know what I do not want . - 74 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 mother so what be it you do not want ? * nemo I do not want to be like you . the mother register the blow . nemo ( cont . ) you know nothing about I . I have always love pool . when I be older , I 'il have a pool . 166 - ext . villa — morning adult nemo be use a net to fish leave from the surface of a magnificent pool in the garden of a magnificent villa . his gesture be calm and precise . a idyllic image . his hair be longer and he be unshaven . a man in a bathrobe come out of the house and hand he some money . nemo thanks he and climb into a truck mark '' Pool maintenance '' with two colleague . 167 - int . urban train station — day nemo be leave the station . on the big clock , the time read 9:12 . in the corridor , he pass a girl with a shave head who be panhandle , sit on the ground . he give she some change . a voice call out : voice Anna ! nemo startles and turn back . it be a father call to he little girl . nemo ( off ) Anna ... I feel like I will be see * you at every street corner ... the cloud move faster , then slow down again . the station clock read 9:21 . Anna step out of the station . she be thirty - five . she pass clara , the panhandle girl with the shave head and give she some change . the girl look at Anna , intrigue . 168 - ext . urban station — day there be a square in front of the station . Anna sit down at a outdoor café . she order a cup of coffee . nemo be sit a dozen yard away from she . they back be to each other . nemo distractedly watch people go by . they do not see each other . - 75 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 anna ( off ) sometimes I tell myself maybe you live in the same town I do and I do not know it . maybe you be here , very close . nemo ... do you still hear my voice ? nemo look at the sky . he take a picture of the cloud with a Polaroid . the pool maintenance truck stop nearby . nemo get in . when Anna turn around distractedly , he be already go . 169 - int . hospital room ( 2092 ) — day old nemo tick tock tick tock ... nine minute ... separate by a ocean of nine minute ... tick tock tick tock ... a clean woman unplug a machine clean the floor around Old nemo 's bed . she be not listen to he . 170 - int . nemo 's industrial loft — night nemo go into a very empty old factory . the wall be bare brick . there be no furniture , only a mattress lie on the floor , one table , one chair ... nemo walk past a picture of teenage Anna , on prominent display . he tack up the Polaroid of the cloud next to hundred of other on the wall . 171 - ext . nemo and elise 's STREET — day behind the wheel of he car , nemo — he hair short — be on he way home with the shopping . it be raining . at the corner of he street , he see elise walk barefoot through the rain , in she bathrobe , cry . nemo get out of the car , try to take she in he arm . she struggle . elise I be leave ! I be leave ! neighbor come to see what 's happen . nemo manage to get she into the car . she burst out sobbing . she slap herself , tap she head against the windshield , pull she hair , scratch she face . with each slap she say : elise ( cont . ) take that ! and that ! and that ! nemo try to keep she from hurt herself . - 76 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 172 - int . nemo and elise 's house — day bottle of medication sit on the bedside table . elise be lie down , she eye close . nemo lie down next to she . he notice , bizarrely , that a price tag be still attach to the bedside lamp . he pull it off and look at it , puzzle . nemo I have give my resignation letter . it 's better that way . i’1l find something else . one where I can be * at home more . elise do you love I ? nemo I love you eye . I love you mouth . I love you voice . I love how you move . I love you cheekbone . I love the sound of you step on the stair . I love how you eat strawberry . you have a unique way of eat strawberry . elise you love all that , but I , do you love I ? nemo I could not live without you . 173 - int . or ext . nemo and elise 's house or yard — day there be noise , music . nemo be hang a garland from the ceiling . the child be help he . the kid be run around , laugh . guest arrive , Joyce 's school friend . the older one dance , jump up and down . nemo wander among the child hand out piece of cake . he be wear a small point hat , and be really have fun . Joyce grab he arm as he go by , smile . she shout : joyce life be great , dad ! she laugh joyously . nemo prepare a meal tray . 174 - int . nemo and elise 's room — day nemo go into the room . elise be in bed . he put the meal tray down on the bed . " Mr. nobody " version 11 elise I can not stand it anymore ... I want to die ... and that noise ! nemo I will ask they to keep it down . but it 's Joyce 's birthday ... elise do not I have the right to a little respect ? nemo go silent . elise what kind of a mother be I ? I have get to get up . elise get out of she bed . 175 - int . nemo and elise 's house - day elise come down the stair in she bathrobe . she slip in among the child and lead they in a farandole , with perhaps a touch too much energy and enthusiasm . the child be amaze at first . elise laugh . she crawl on all four behind guffaw child . she climb onto the table and play the orchestra conductor . everyone be have fun . nemo , a bit to the side , watch the scene , move . 176 - int . child 's room — night elise lie on one of the child 's bed , she three child all lie close to she , asleep . nemo lie down beside she . he put he arm around she . she let he . elise it be a nice day . the nicest in a long time . 177 - int . nemo and elise 's room — morning elise come into the room . she be have a hard time breathe . nemo follow she in . elise ( cont . ) oh no ... it 's back ... the terror be back ... I be scared ... nemo do you want you pill ? - 78 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 elise I be sick of pill . I be sick of doctor . it 's pointless . I be afraid ... I be afraid ... she start shaking and cry . nemo be sit on the edge of the bed . elise ( cont . ) do something ! ... I can not stand it any more . I be afraid . nemo lie down next to she . he touch she . she pull she hand away . nemo I do not know what to do . I often have this dream . some prehistoric time . 178 - model — day a child 's hand place a plastic bear in front of a cave entrance . 179 - ext . prehistory — day elise be a prehistoric woman carry a baby . she be alone in the cave . she scream . nemo ( off ) I hear you scream . you 's be afraid . nemo , as a caveman , run toward the scream . the cave open onto a background which be a old black - and - white film . bear ( or mammoth ) approach the cave . nemo stand in front of the cave and holler , pretend to throw he spear . the predator wander off . nemo take elise in he arm to reassure she . nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) I chase the bear . it run away and you be not afraid anymore . when I wake up ... 180 - int . nemo and elise 's room — day nemo wake with a start , sit up in the bed . elise 's eye be open . she be terrify . nemo when I wake up , you be still afraid . there 's no bear . - 79 - " Mr. 181 - ext . zoo — day nemo be sit on a bench at the zoo , watch behind the bar of its cage . nemo I be not a bear hunter . I be a executive of a plant that manufacture photocopy machine , who quit he job . I do not dare move . my life add up to nothing . whatever I do , it 's a disaster . I would so love to chase the bear away and for you not to be afraid anymore . 182 - int . nemo and elise 's room - day nobody " version 11 a sleep bear nemo put he hand on elise . she pull away roughly . elise I do not want to be touch . nemo why ? elise I do not know . that 's just how it be . people can choose not to be touch . I be free not to want it . nemo free ... 183 - educational film 183a - egg be place in a incubator . we see the shell crack the little beak push from inside . the baby bird emerge from the egg . adult nemo be face the camera , in overlay , comment : nemo to what extent be we fear innate ? when we hatch goose egg in a incubator , and then above the baby bird , pass a form simulate two wing with a long neck - like a goose in flight - the bird stretch they neck and call out . - g0 - + eh of * + + of " Mr. nobody " version 11 a scientist pass a cardboard cutout above the baby bird , clearly visible against the white ceiling , wing back and neck forward . the baby bird stretch they neck and call out to what they take to be they mother . nemo ( off ) but if we invert the direction of the silhouette , it conjure the * shape of a falcon , wing forward * and long tail behind . the response * of the baby bird be immediate : they will crouch in fear , though * they have never before see a falcon . the scientist invert the flight direction of the model , and the bird immediately lie down motionless in they nest , without a sound , try to go unnotice . nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) without any instruction , a innate fear help they survive . but in human , to what ancient danger might we innate fear correspond ? * 183b - a mouse . a spider . a snake . a crusade knight . a soldier from the first World War rape a woman . insect . 184 - flash in the forest . Dead nemo 's foot stick out from under a bush . he be miss a shoe . someone out for a walk come near the body and notice it . the scene be shot backwards , the movement be in reverse . 185 - ext . nemo and elise 's STREET - day nemo arrive home , he arm laden with grocery . 186 - int . nemo and elise 's house - day short flash . elise swallow a handful of pill . lying motionless , at the foot of the stair . 187 - ext . nemo and elise 's STREET — day nemo drop he bag and start run . 188 - int . nemo and elise 's house — day nemo run into the house . elise be not at the foot of the stair . " Mr. nobody " version 11 188a - in the bedroom , we see elise hang up the phone . nemo burst into the bedroom . elise be in bed . her eye be close . nemo exhales , relieved . 188b - nemo go to sit in a small recess where he have set up he old typewriter . he write ... 189 - int . spaceship — night the spaceship be approach Mars . the retrorocket blaze . we see a city get nearer , under a enormous glass dome . the spaceship be approach phobos , link by a space elevator . nemo ( off ) probably the worst thing about be on Mars be that nothing will happen there . time will seem stall and empty . a long martian year of 779 24 - hour-and - 37 - minute day . 190 - int . nemo and elise 's house — day nemo 's typewriter . he be not write anymore . he be sit on a chair . he look out the window , the leave be move , sweep lightly by the wind . then the shadow cast by the leave on the wall ... 190a - a fly land on he hand . he do not move . nemo follow it with he eye , without reacting . nemo look at a drop of water drip off a radiator pipe . the drop hit the ground in a small puddle . nemo observe it but do nothing . 191 - int . car wash — day soapsud spread across the windshield , sweep by a noisy , spin brush . it 's pretty . jet of water push the sud to the side window . the car move forward on its own , pull by the mechanism . nemo be in the car . he seem to enjoy the show . it relax he . 192 - ext . railroad crossing — day nemo stop at a railroad crossing . a train pass in front of he . 192a - we follow the train . we fly next to it . - 82 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 193 - int . train - day we go into one of the compartment . nemo , hair long , be sit in the train . 194 - int . CITY station — day it be 9:12 . the station be full of people . nemo turn into the hall as he do every day . he walk past a pile of box along the wall . he stop . a hand be stick out of the box . nemo approach and pick they up . underneath be the motionless face of Clara , the panhandle girl . next to she lie a syringe and a rubber tourniquet . the girl 's face be pale , she eye open and motionless . 195 - int . CITY station — day a bit later . the ambulance driver take the girl 's body away on a stretcher . nemo be there and watch she go . he pick up he jacket . he look at the time on the big clock . it be 9:21 . a gust of wind set papers fly . nemo see Anna 's silhouette come toward he from the end of the hall . he can not believe he eye . she come closer . she be head right toward he . nemo and Anna look at each other ... astound . they walk toward each other . they fall into each other 's arm , without say a word . they hold each other tight , look into each other 's eye . nemo Anna ... anna nemo ... they embrace . 196 - int . nemo 's warehouse loft — day / night nemo and Anna embrace . they dance around nemo ’s_ half - empty apartment . they fall onto the mattress on the ground . they look tirelessly into each other 's eye . they make love . motionless , they hold tightly to each other , naked , each hold the other as if to keep from get lose . Anna smell nemo 's skin , inch by inch . she smile . they be lie in the bath , close together . they make circle . nemo there be no life without you . * Anna hold a finger to he lip . - 83 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 anna shhh ... gently . I have to get use to it . I talk to you so much * while you be not there , it 's strange to talk to you for real . they be lie on the bed . 197 - ext . CITY — night / day they be sit on a bench . holding tightly together , they watch . it be night . then the sun rise . then there be a few car . then the garbage man collect the garbage . then child go to school . then people walk quickly on they way to work . anna I like it . I like watch time ... nemo go by ... anna with you . then the truck deliver they merchandise . then the local laborer eat lunch . then the child get out of school . it rain . nemo it 's raining . anna we 'il dry . then people walk quickly on they way home from work . it be no longer raining . then the restaurant light they sign . then it be evening . Anna and nemo have not move a inch . anna ( cont . ) it be the most beautiful day . and * the most beautiful night . thank * you . she kiss he . anna ( cont . ) I need a little time . when we be separate at fifteen , I say I would never love anyone else , ever . I would never become attach . I have never stay put anywhere . I have have nothing for myself . then one day I decide to pretend to live . they look at each other . - 84 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 anna ( cont . ) and this be what I have be wait for , ever since we be separate : renounce all possible life for one only , with you . but I need a little time . I be not use to it anymore ... to loving . I be afraid of lose you again . I be afraid of have to do without you again . I be terrify of that . nemo but I want to see you again . when ? she smile . nemo ( cont . ) you do not like it when you can read life like a book . * she write a number with a feel - tip marker on a scrap of paper . she hand it to he . anna call I on this number in two day . * you just have to say the word . i’1l * meet you near the lighthouse . i’1l be with you forever . but if you be not sure , do not call . T will understand . she kiss he . she get up . nemo hesitates . he look at the slip of paper . he watch she leave . she turn a corner . a storm rumble in the distance . 198 - ext . sky then CITY — day High in the sky , a drop of water condense out of a cloud and fall from several mile up . it near the earth , the city . 198a - it fall between the building , approach a man motionless on the sidewalk , nemo , and land on the small scrap of paper he be hold in he hand , erase the phone number and leave only a streak of ink in the rain . the ink run over he finger . the ink run over he hand , down he arm . a exaggeratedly large puddle of ink flow around he foot , in the rain . it flow all the way to the gutter . the scrap of paper be drench and blank . 199 - int . hospital — night Old nemo be laugh . he be play chess by himself . the journalist be listen and recording . - g5 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 old nemo you want I to tell you why I lose Anna ? because two month earlier , a unemployed brazilian boil a egg ... 200 - int . apartment in brazil — day a fifty - year- old brazilian in he underwear in a small run-down apartment be sit at he stove , a spoon in he hand . we see Rio through the window . he be cooking himself a soft-boile egg . the water be boil and give off steam . child nemo ( off ) the heat will create a microclimate in the room , a slight difference of temperature ... the steam fill the room ... it be extract through the kitchen ventilator . we go through the tube , follow the steam . at the end of the tube we see cloud . 201 - ext . sky then CITY — day child nemo ( off ) ... and heavy rain two month later on the other side of the world . * a drop of water condense out of a cloud and fall . it near the earth , fall between the building , and land on the small scrap of paper nemo be hold in he hand , erase the phone number . 202 - int . apartment in brazil — day the brazilian in front of he stove . child nemo ( off ) that brazilian will be boil a egg instead of be at work . he will have lose he job in a clothing factory because six month earlier ... 203 - int . nemo 's loft — day nemo pull the tag off a pair of pants and put it in he closet . child nemo ( off ) ...- I will have compare the price of jeans , and I will have buy the cheaper pair ... - 86 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 204 - ext . bamboo forest — day a bamboo leaf in the snow . a pile of snow form on the leaf . a flake add itself to the other flake . the leaf bend and the pile of snow fall . child nemo ( off ) as the chinese proverb say , a * single snowflake can bend the leaf * of the bamboo . * 205 - int . asian factory — day a clothing factory in Asia . row of sewing machine , man and woman and child assemble clothes . child nemo ( off ) jeans production will have move to * other country ... * 206 - int. / ext . misc . — day the brazilian at he stove . the boil egg . 206a - the drop of fall rain . 206b - nemo in the rain look at the blank paper . 207 - ext . CITY park — day old nemo * I lose every trace of Anna . I wait for she . every day . nemo be sit on the bench , near the lighthouse : the meeting place . his hair have grow longer . he be wait . the beam from the lighthouse turn in the darkness . flashes of light illuminate he face at regular interval . 208 - int . psychiatrist 's office — night the metal ball swing regularly . 209 - ext . STREET — day * nemo be in front of he house , the bottle of car polish in he hand . ( ... ) he rub the chrome painstakingly . - 87 - ( ... ) people go end of the day . school and give elise be at the 210 - int . nemo " Mr. nobody " version 11 by in the street . he be still rub . he be rub still . the child come home from he a kiss as they go inside . window . and elise 's house — day nemo bring a dinner tray to elise . elise look at he strangely . nemo you 's be not hungry ? I elise do not want anything . nothing ... what be you do tomorrow ? I nemo think I will take the opportunity to wash the car . elise look at he with some apprehension . elise what 's the deal with that car ? nemo what do you mean ? elise why do you take such good care of that car while you leave I all alone ? what 's the problem with that car ? nemo look at she . he get up and leave very calmly . 211 - ext . STREET — day nemo step out of the garage carry a can of gas . he walk very calmly to the car and pour gas all over it . he take out a lighter and set it on fire . he return to the house without look back . the car ignites . 212 - int . nemo and elise 's room — day he go into the room where elise be look dumbfounded out the window . - 88 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo so , there 's no more problem with the car . elise look at he , somewhat frighten . she get back into bed . nemo go to look out the window . he be surprised . 212a - the car be in the street , intact . he can not believe it . the street look like a scale model . 212b - Workmen be roll up a huge roll between the house : the street . nemo turn back toward the bed . 212c - a woman be lie there . it be no longer elise . it be Jean . he look at she , surprised . the bedroom be almost empty . jean ( elise 's voice ) what 's wrong ? why be you look at I like that ? 213 - int . jean and nemo 's room — day Jean 's face move closer to nemo 's . they be both lie on the bed . he look around , lose . jean nemo ... do I take sugar in my coffee ? can you please answer I ? nemo do not know what to say . jean ( cont . ) you do not know I , nemo . you have never really look at I . you have * always be elsewhere . do you realize how much you have hurt I ? * nemo 's eye be draw to the television . 213a - the local news be broadcasting image of a fire on a bridge , clearly label '' archive . '' charre automobile , include a car of newlywed bear a '' just married '' sign , which now read '' just fry . '' jean ( cont . ) I get a call from the lawyer . he say you have just put everything you own in my name . why , nemo ? what be up to ?... nemo ... " Mr. nobody " version 11 214 - int . hospital — day breathe sound . teenage nemo be lie on a hospital bed , motionless , a prisoner of he body , hook up to machine . silence . we sense a silhouette move near he . teenage nemo ( off ) ... the ground do not vibrate the same way . it 's a different perfume . how old might she be ? twenty -five ? there be other people , too . nemo 's father be sit in the room , defeat . nemo 's mother come in . the father look at she , surprised . they be move to see each other again . they sit in silence , next to each other , look at nemo . the nurse attend to nemo . teenage nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) let 's begin again . finger on the keyboard . Left hand a-s-d-f , right hand h-j-k - L. * 215 - int . nemo and elise 's house - night in the little room in the house with elise , adult nemo place he finger on a keyboard : a-s-d- F and j-k -l- m . the finger begin type . 216 - int . spaceship — night sound of typewriter key . we see the surface of Mars approach . the rocket begin make contact with phobos . a deodorize pine tree swing ... 217 - int. / ext . misc . day / night the swinging of the doctor 's pendulum in front of old nemo 's eye ... 217a - sway branch ... 217b - a swing ... 217cc - the three little girl ... 217d - the deodorize swinging ... 217e - the lighthouse beam turn ... " Mr. nobody " version 11 218 - ext . train station — day child nemo be run after the train that be take he mother away . he hold out he hand to she . the train gather speed . they hand grow further apart . 219 - int . office in nemo and jean 's house — night nemo 's motionless hand above the candle flame . the sound of the tv have be mute . 219a - the local news be show image of a fire on a bridge . Jean 's picture sit on the desk . the car be burn . indifferent , nemo sit in the darkness , he hand over the flame . he keep it there as long as he can . he pull it back , look at he hand , do not suffer . he have a burn in the hollow of he palm . nemo turn toward the mute television . 219b - a presenter be spin the wheel of fortune . the wheel stop at a number . nemo pick up a coin from the edge of the table . he study it . he stab it with the point of a knife , engrave '' yes '' on one side , '' no '' on the other . 219d - a ad for fishing rod be on tv . he write '' buy fishing rod x... '' he toss the coin in the air and catch it . '' yes . '' he take he coat . he walk past the stair . he hesitates , toss head or tail : '' yes . '' nemo Jean ! I be off to buy a fishing rod . * 219c - nemo go out of the house leave the door open behind he . he walk away in the night . when Jean come down the stair , he be already go . 220 - ext . train track — night nemo be walk down some railroad track . it be dark . a arrow point in one direction . nemo follow it . nemo stop to take out a cigarette . in the distance , a locomotive be come toward he . he light the cigarette . he take he coin and toss it . nemo put the coin back in he pocket and watch the train come toward he . he hear a voice and turn to look . clara get a light ? " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo turn around . he see a woman in the shadow , sit on the gravel , semi-punk / semi-tramp she backpack next to she . it 's Clara ( the young woman who die in the station ) . she show he she unlit cigarette . nemo hold out he lighter to she , without take a step . the train be come right toward nemo . nemo do not budge . Clara hold out she cigarette . she wait for he to come over . nemo step off the track and light she cigarette . the train pass behind they with a deafen roar . clara ( cont . ) thanks . she start walk . he follow she . after about ten yard : clara ( cont . ) why be you follow I ? nemo I do not know . clara I have get nothing to do with you , and you have get nothing to do with I . I be not interested . get lose . * she turn around . he do not leave . she come toward he and kiss he . clara ( cont . ) follow I . * nemo toss he coin . '' yes . '' nemo yes. 221 - int . clara 's squat — night Clara and nemo enter a tiny , messy apartment where she have be squatting . she kiss nemo . nemo be there someone in you life ? clara not really . she undress he , push he onto the bed . the music be blast , distort . straddle nemo , Clara be make love frenetically . it 's almost a hysterical dance . the sound of key . the door open , a man come in . he be about thirty and be wear a leather jacket . " Mr. nobody " version 11 clara ( cont . ) shit . the man , take aback , look at nemo in bed with Clara . nemo do not react . julian who 's he ? what the fuck 's he do * here ? clara Julian , calm down . the man start smash everything around he , overturn the furniture . Clara , naked , try to control he . nemo laugh , naked , on all four . Julian break a chair over he back . nemo collapse , laugh even harder . Julian leave , leave the door open behind he . everything have be turn upside down . nemo look at the devastate apartment . nemo have not move from the bed . he laugh . everything have happen very fast . Clara get back in bed next to he . clara do you love I ? nemo flip he coin . '' no . '' he hesitates . nemo yes . clara why do you let a coin decide for you ? nemo it make better decision than I do . 222 - int . clara 's squat — night nemo be awake , Clara asleep . nemo flip he coin . he take he coat and leave . 223 - int . airport — day nemo be wander around the airport . he walk the hall . at arrival , people be wait with sign . nemo see a black man , dress to the nine , hold a sign mark '' mr. D. jone . '' he watch he . he flip he coin . '' yes . '' nemo go toward the man . " Mr. nobody " version 11 man Mr. Jones . nemo yes . man welcome . we have already get you luggage . please , follow I . 224 - int . limousine — day the man and nemo be in a limousine . man do you have a nice trip ? nemo yes , thank you . man I ’1ll take you to you hotel , where you can rest for a while . the appointment be tomorrow at three . nemo say nothing . 225 - int . HOTEL room — day nemo enter a luxurious hotel room . the bellboy put down he suitcase and leave . nemo open the suitcase . he take out a sweater , feel it , put it on , look at himself in the mirror . it look good on he . he study some picture . a unknown woman . he find a plan calendar . he flip through it . he look at the id . he look at the face in the picture . he read the name : Daniel Jones . nemo Daniel ... Daniel Jones ... he look at himself in the mirror . he comb he hair differently , like in the id photo . the telephone ring . nemo take the coin from he pocket . flip it . '' yes . '' he answer . nemo ( cont . ) hello ? telephone voice Daniel ? nemo yes . " Mr. nobody " version 11 telephone voice be you insane ? what be you do ? Split ! nemo telephone voice i. tell you not to go ! mthey be furious , they know it 's you ! clear out ! the man hang up . nemo lie down on the bed . he flip he coin . as it spin , the wind open the window , catch the drape and cause a gust of air that change the way the coin turn . nemo catch it . he run himself a bath . 226 - int . hospital room — night journalist be you name Daniel Jones ? old nemo of course not . 227 - int . bathroom — day nemo be in he bath . his head be stick out of the water . he be wait , motionless . he close he eye . he fall asleep ... nemo open he eye . there be a man sit in front of he on a stool , a revolver in he hand . a plastic sheet be spread out on the floor . nemo watch without move . the man fire . nemo collapse in the water , which turn red . the red blood mix through the water in twist swirl . another man come into the bathroom . he be carry two pair of shoe . second thug that 's weird . his shoe be different size . they close the plastic sheet around nemo and wrap the body in the blanket . 228 - ext . wood — day a car with the two thug on board stop in the wood . the two man remove the body from the trunk . " Mr. nobody " version 11 first thug maybe he shrink . it happen when * you get older , you shrink . second thug no one shrink . that 's rubbish . * you have get the wrong bloke , that 's * all . first thug astronaut shrink two inch when * they come back to earth , ' cuz of gravity or something . second thug you think this fella 's a * astronaut ? they finish dump the body in a thicket . only nemo 's foot be visible , stick out . he be miss a shoe . insect climb over he foot . 229 - ext. / int . bus on mar — day * rocket leave white trail in the pink sky . a bus full of tourist of every origin : Indians in saris , african , asian . nemo be among they , look out the window , the urn on he knee . a red desert spread out around they . we be on the planet Mars . a speaker play chinese music . loudspeaker to you leave , the valle marineris and the summit of the tharsis dome . above , we can see the two moon , * phobos and deimo . we 'il be drive through the canyon to avoid road * work . * we see two moon in the sky . one rocket and then another take off . the rocket leave line of white vapor in the pink sky . avoid the road work . a gigantic glass dome hang over the desert . four dromedary wander in the distance . billboards for vacuum cleaner . nemo take the urn from he bag and open the window . he remove the lid , hold the urn out the window , in the wind . wisp of gray dust dissipate behind the bus . 230 - flash on a bridge , a enormous fire . a gasoline truck explode . a car bear a '' just married '' sign be on fire . elise , in a wedding dress , be catch in the flame . nemo try to get she out of the car . " Mr. nobody " version 11 231 - ext . bus on mar — day nemo be still look out the bus window . Gray dust have stick to he hand . he rub it . he have dust under he fingernails . person in the next seat do you need a tissue ? 232 - int . nemo and elise 's house — night a typewriter . on the paper appear the letter '' do you need a tissue ? '' adult nemo be in he small office at he typewriter . 232a - it be the middle of the night . nemo open the door a crack and check on he sleep child . 232b - he go into the bedroom and sit down on the bed . he watch elise sleep . he gently stroke she cheek . she open she eye and see he . she start cry . nemo what 's wrong ? elise I be dream about stefano . nemo that make you cry ? she break down sobbing . elise he never answer my message . he do not give a damn about I ... nemo stefano ? elise I love he ! nemo register the blow . elise keep sobbing . elise ( cont . ) I do not see any other explanation ... for be in this state . that 's the only thing it can be . I love he . nemo do he say he love you ? " Mr. nobody " version 11 elise he never say he do not love I . nemo be stunne . he do not understand anything anymore . elise ( cont . ) I know , I be crazy . every morning , when I wake up and open my eye and I see you , I start cry ... I realize I be with you , and my life be pass by . * she look at he and slap he . elise ( cont . ) how can you be so calm ? how can you bear that ? you ... you be not human ! nemo start cry . she touch he hand . he grab hers , take it , hold it to he . elise ( cont . ) everything 's all wrong ... I ’ma complete wreck ... I do not know what * to do ... it 's not my fault , right ? you 's be not go to leave I , be you ? he hold she in he arm . nemo I could not live without you . elise I hurt everyone . you , the child . it can not go on . * nemo together we can make it work . elise if I stay , you will all end up drown in my mess . * nemo we 'il learn to swim . elise close she eye . they lie down next to each other . nemo take she in he arm . she hold he hand . nemo ( cont . ) I love you ... elise I love you ... " Mr. nobody " version 11 233 - int . nemo and elise 's house — night nemo be asleep . elise watch he sleep . she get up slowly , without make a sound . she open the closet , take out some clothes , and pack a suitcase . 234 - ext . nemo and elise 's house — night without a sound , elise leave the house carry she suitcase . she walk away on the sidewalk . the neighborhood be desert and silent . 235 - int . hospital room - night the journalist be sit next to old nemo , who be play chess by himself . journalist but ... do elise die ... or do not * she ? I do not get it . you can not have * have child and not have have they . old nemo she leave . no matter how long it * take , thing work out in the end , * finally . even unhappily . * 236 - int . theater / beauty parlor — day the curtain go up on a theater stage . the set be a beauty parlor . child nemo ( age seven ) sit alone . on stage , elise be sit , prostrate on a chair . she be in she forty . 236a - we move toward she until we see car drive by through a window . we be no longer on a theater stage . elise be look at the picture of stefano . two other hairdresser be work . a man come in . she do not even glance at he . elise hi . * we do not see he face right away . his hair be gray . stefano * not too short on top , please . elise be lose in she thought , a bit sad . she do not really look at she client , only see he hair . she shampoos he . she cut he hair , pull it between she finger . she run the trimmer over he neck . the hair fall to the ground . elise trim around he ear . she cut a clean line at the neck . we see he face . " Mr. nobody " version 11 it be stefano . he have change a lot , get fat . only he eye be the same . they have not recognize each other . stefano check out the hairdresser work at the next chair . she be young , prettier . stefano look at she leg . elise massage he head . stefano have close he eye . her movement be study , efficient . stefano be enjoy it . he close he eye . she take off the cape , brushes he neck and shoulder . stefano how much 's 11 that b...? elise tw ...nty dollar , pl..as .. good - by ... , sir . stefano h..r.. you be ... by .. and have ... a nic ... aft ...rnoon. 237 - int . nemo and elise 's house — night the '' e '' be stick on the old typewriter . adult nemo unstick it . the machine type a '' e '' on the paper . 238 - int . theater / beauty parlor — day we return to the stage . elise twenty dollar , please ... good-bye , sir . stefano here you be . bye , and have a nice afternoon . stefano leave . they have not recognize each other . elise go to sit down and return to she thought . she look at the picture of young stefano . she smoke a cigarette . the swirl of smoke dance in the air .. we move back . 238a - the stage curtain come down . 239 - int . nemo and elise 's house - night nemo finish type . he look at the wall . Water run down it slowly . nemo look at he shoe . his foot be in the water . nemo go to the hall door and open it . a rush of water pour through the door and push he back . the room be underwater . nemo can not breathe . he struggle . - 100 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 240 - ext . underwater — day the car sink under the water ... Water pour in through the half - open window . there be no more air . nemo struggle . bubbles come out of he mouth . he strike at the door in vain ... his gesture slow ... nemo ( off ) shit ... I have get to go back ... start from the beginning ... start over again ... 241 - int . tv studio — day nemo be face the camera . he be present a science program . he have a burn scar on he face . nemo why do cigarette smoke never go back into the cigarette ? why do molecule spread away from each other ? why do a spilt drop of ink * never reform ? * 241a - in the background , swirl smoke film in slow motion . a drop of ink dissolve in water . a vase break in slow motion . a superimpose title : '' entropy . '' nemo ( cont . ) because the universe move toward dissipation . that be the principle of entropy , the tendency of the universe to evolve toward a state of increase disorder . 241b - image of the Big bang . galaxy , constellation . nemo ( cont . ) the principle of entropy be related to the '' arrow of time , '' a result of the expansion of the universe . but what will happen when gravitational force counterbalance the force of * expansion ? or if the energy of the quantum void prove too weak ? a image of galaxy cease to expand and contracting upon themselves . the solar system come to a halt in order to start move in the opposite direction . nemo ( cont . ) - 101 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 at that moment , the universe might enter its phase of contraction : the * big crunch . what will become of time ? will it reverse ? 241 b1 - a image of a vase break on the ground , then , in reverse , the piece come back together . 241 a2 - raindrop rise back into the sky . 241c - a baby return to its mother 's womb . 241d - image of a clock , cog , a metronome . nemo ( cont . ) no one know the answer . perhaps what we call the universe be only a miniscule part of a much vaster cosmos . in that case , we universe would not be unique : it would be part of a multiverse . different universe disperse throughout the cosmos would have experience they own expansion , each bubble of the multiverse have different property , include the number of dimension , spatial and temporal . but how can we imagine it ? how can we understand the implication ? '' the most comprehensible 's thing about the universe '' say Einstein * '' be that it 's incomprehensible . '' * Music over the credit . the image stop move behind nemo . the tape be rewound . the background go blank , leave a blue screen . we be in a tv studio . voice in the speaker okay , that 's good for today . nemo where 's Peter ? continuity girl Peter ? he leave a hour ago . I be replace he . I have select take * three and take four . * nemo I prefer it when he do it . I do not mean you be not good enough ... but ... - 102 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 continuity girl Drop it , buddy . in life , you get * one take . if it 's bad , you just * deal with it . * 242 - ext . tv studio — day nemo leave the studio in no hurry . he take he key from he pocket and look at they , puzzle . he do not recognize the keychain : there 's a coin on it , with '' yes '' engrave on one side , '' no '' on the other . nemo get into a car and drive away . he pass the cyclist . he brake and let the cyclist go past . he start off again . the car clock advance one minute . 243 - ext . wood — day when nemo 's car appear in the distance , the bird have already fly away . the car continue on the way . nemo reach the river and slow down . Police car and fire truck be block the road . nemo see a crane pull a car from the water . a car that look like he . nemo get out of he car . a police officer keep he from approach any further . behind the wheel , he see the lifeless body of the assistant , Peter . nemo oh , no ! police officer do you know he ? nemo yes , he work with I ... 244 - int . church — day nemo , dress in black , go into a church . it be a funeral service . a coffin be in front of the altar , upon which be set a picture of Peter . nemo walk discreetly up the side aisle . he see the family of the decease . he be upset . he advance a bit more . nemo see the wife of the decease , dress in black . nemo be troubled . it be Anna . her hair be longer than in the other life . there be two child next to she . 245 - int . church — day people be emerge from the church , present they condolence to the family . nemo shake Anna 's hand . they look each other in the eye , feel somewhat unsettle . - 103 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo my sincerest condolence . Peter be a colleague ... anna yes , of course . I have see you show . nemo walk away . he see Anna 's puzzle expression once more . 246 - ext . under water — day nemo be underwater , in the car . algae be float around he . he be struggle . he be suffocating , scream underwater ... bubbles emerge from he mouth ... 247 - ext . nemo and elise 's STREET - day nemo park in front of the house we know from he life with elise . a surprised neighbor stop to watch he enter he house . 248 - int . nemo and elise 's house — evening nemo go into the house . nemo it 's I . no answer . the house be decorate differently . there be no trace of elise or the child . on the mantel , a picture of young elise sit next to the urn . nemo ( cont . ) do you have a nice day ? nemo look at goldfish swim in a aquarium . he watch the bubbles float to the surface . 249 - flash under water bubbles float to the surface . 250 - int . nemo and elise 's house - night nemo go into a kind of laboratory in he garage . there be equipment everywhere . a camera be filming a apple as it rot , frame by frame . nemo check it . the light go on once a minute . he start the camera , project the image onto a screen . we see a wilted flower return to freshness ... we see rotten fruit take on its original color ... - 104 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 we see a pile of dust expand into a swarm of insect , then the teeming pile slowly become the body of a dead mouse that come back to life ... 251 - int . nemo and elise 's house — night nemo be eat by himself . across the table , he have set a place for a second person who be not there . 251a - nemo slip into a big bed all alone . he turn out the light . nemo goodnight . he go to sleep . 252 - flash — dream a few brief flash . nemo and elise be twenty . they be get marry . they drive off in a car mark '' just married . '' 252a - they come to a bridge . a tanker truck blow up . nemo run in circle , carry elise 's dead body , in she wedding dress . his face be burn . 253 - ext. / int . bus on mar / megalopolis - night on Mars , adult nemo be look pensively through the bus window , hold the urn on he knee . he bus drive into a city under the dome . all around , all we see be light that look like high - rise apartment building and factory . the bus stop at the foot of a space elevator . nemo pick up he bag . 254 - int . space elevator - night nemo and the tourist be in a glass elevator rise through the air . we pass through the city , leave the dome , overhange Mars . we pass other elevator carry load of bicycle . nemo what be we do with all this bike ? it be Anna , next to he , who answer . anna they 's be for export . Labor be cheaper here . China have become way too expensive . - 105 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 255 - int . spaceship - night nemo be seat face the big window as other passenger come on board . he look at Anna sit next to he . nemo be unsettle . so be Anna . they shake hand . nemo hi. I be nemo . anna Anna . please to meet you . nemo what 's bring you here ? anna I be measure the distance between Earth and Mars at its great . I study time . you know , the thing that make it so that everything do not happen at once . nemo and ? anna the Big crunch will start in 2092 . people who can hang on that long will get a free run . and you ? nemo look at the urn tie to he bag . nemo just keep a old promise . 256 - ext . CITY park - day nemo , long hair in a ponytail , be asleep on a bench near the lighthouse . adult Anna come toward he . nemo be levitate ten inch above the bench . Anna touch he shoulder . nemo wake with a start . he be no longer levitate . he be lie on the bench . Anna be not there . he sit up slowly . he look to where he see Anna in he dream . he take a stump of chalk from he pocket and draw a circle on the ground . he open a paper bag : he hesitates between a danish and a chocolate éclair . nemo sit back down and look at the circle . he close he eye , concentrate . nemo ( off ) ( call ) Anna ! ... Anna ! - 106 - " Mr. nobody " 257 - int . bus - day anna nemo ! Anna startles . she be sit in the bus . slowly , completely happy . anna ( cont . ) nemo ... 258 - ext . anna 's STREET — day she smile , nemo — the widow - be behind the wheel of he car . he slow as he reach Anna 's house . it be number '' 12358 . '' he stop . he see Anna leave she house with she child . he get out of he car . nemo hi ... anna hello ... nemo we meet at you husband 's funeral . anna yes , that 's right ... nemo ( cont . ) I have a strange feel when I see you ... as if I have meet you before ... anna that 's call déja vu . you should know what that be . they say that there 's a small zone in the brain , the ' '' rhinal cortex " , that register new object in the environment . if for a moment that zone be inactive , everything new seem familiar to you . nemo no , that 's not it ... it 's as if ... as if all this be not real ... I be sorry , you must think I be crazy . I be not try to flirt with you ... I be a widower myself ... - 107 - version 11 + + of + + of " Mr. nobody " version 11 anna please excuse I ... some other time , perhaps . I ... I have to go ... Anna get into she car and drive away . nemo hear a voice . anna 's neighbor nemo ?! nemo turn around . he see someone he do not recognize . the stranger seem to be in shock . anna 's neighbor ( cont . ) wow , I hear that you be dead ! that you drown ... nemo drown ? nemo look , intrigue , at a fish flopping on the ground at he foot . 259 - ext . under water — day nemo be underwater , imprison in he car . he be lose he strength . a fish swim past he and look at he . nemo be about to lose consciousness ... with the last of he strength , he manage to pull himself through the window . he slip outside , swim underwater . he see a light above he , a luminous oval - shape spot . he ascend . the zone of light be the shape of a bathtub . nemo rise as fast as he can ... 260 - int . HOTEL bathroom — day nemo suddenly sit up . he be in he bath , naked , soak . he cough and try to catch he breath . a man be seat in front of he on a stool , a revolver in he hand . there be a plastic sheet stretch out on the floor . the man fire . nemo collapse in the water , which become red . the red blood spread through the water in circular swirl . 261 - int . hospital room ( 1988 ) — day Young nemo 's electrocardiogram as he lie paralyze on he bed , a prisoner of he body . the needle be go wild , move in every direction . the nurse rush to he bedside . a alarm go off . - 108 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 262 - int . spaceship - night nemo be look at Anna . a alarm suddenly go off . warning light start flash . loudspeaker meteorite . meteorite suddenly rain down on the vessel . the tourist run away from the window . nemo clutches Anna 's hand . a explosion . the big window burst . the rocket explode , liberate the bicycle , which float through space . hundred of black bicycle with chrome handlebar spin in slow motion in the void , disperse toward infinity , toward the star , to a accompaniment of classical music . among the bicycle , elise 's urn . 263 - ext . under water — day a picture of Anna and the child , in a '' think of we '' frame , be float in the water . nemo be struggle underwater , imprison in he car . we move away , see the car at the bottom of the river . algae float gently around it and the fish look on , curious . the radio be still on , crackle with classical music . we hear a heartbeat slow down . all of a _ sudden , the airbag open , display the inscription : game over . 264 - int . hospital — day the needle on the electrocardiogram be go crazy . the nurse be bustling about . motionless , paralyze on he bed , we hear young nemo howling . his lip do not move . nemo ( off ) ( howling ) let I out ... 265 - ext . bushes - day nemo 's dead foot stick out of the thicket . insect be crawl on he . nemo ( off ) I want to wake up ! 266 - ext . train track — night nemo be stand immobile on the train track , watch a train come toward he without budging . - 109 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo ( off ) I want to wake up ! 267 - int . doctor 's office — day the doctor 's pendulum be swinging evenly in front of we . we can make out the blurry doctor in the background . Old nemo be overcome by the shake . he panic . doctor ( off ) be you alright ? when I say three , you will be awake . one ...two ... 268 - int . showroom — day doctor ( off ) Three ... adult nemo wake with a start . he notice a price tag attach to the bedside lamp . we be in a immense furniture store , in the bedroom section . 269 - ext . STREET in front of the showroom — day nemo leave the showroom . the street be desert , not a single car or pedestrian . nemo look at the ground at he foot . his body be casting two shadow . he look up : there be two sun in the sky . there be also a small airplane pull a advertising banner : '' wake up . '' nemo run . 270 - ext . nemo and elise 's STREET — day nemo be run down the street where he live with elise . he stop and look around . the house be no longer there . the sound track become more present . nemo see a bus go by . on board , a orchestra be play the sound track . he watch it pass , stunne . 271 - ext . carwash - day he run to a car wash . Jean - Claude Van damme be wiping car window dry with a chamois . nemo go up to he , amaze . nemo be not you Jean - Claude Van damme , the actor ? Jean - Claude Van damme stop work , take aback . jean-claude van damme be you joke ? - 110 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo what be you do here ? jean-claude van damme what do you think , I be do my * job . nemo but ... you be a movie star . jean-claude van damme I want to be a actor , but I * always fail the audition . this * day I do amateur theater one night * a week , maybe you see I there . he run away . 272 - int . nemo 's mother 's apartment — day nemo come to the apartment where he mother live . he ring the bell . his mother open the door . she have age . she look at nemo without recognize he . mother yes ? nemo mum ... mother do I know you ? * nemo it 's I ! she try to close the door . nemo put he foot in the door and push it back open . mother what do you want ? ( yell ) Henry ! henry ! nemo mum , it 's I ! you son , nemo ! mother my son be right here . the door open wider , revealing a somewhat hefty man the same age as nemo : henry . - 111 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 henry what 's goin 's on ? * mother this man say he 's my son . * nemo you could not possibly have forget . mother I do not know you . you be crazy . go away or I 'il call the police . Henry push nemo toward the door . nemo and Henry fight , roll around on the floor while the mother pick up the phone . 273 - int . doctor 's office — day nemo be wear a straitjacket . he be sit across from a doctor who look at he kindly . it be the same hospital where old nemo be . the doctor show he a series of Rorschach blot , symmetrical ink stain on sheet of paper . child nemo ( off ) he ask I what I see . I say it 's a '' ink stain . '' adult nemo 's lip movement be perfectly synchronize the child 's voice . child nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) he say I have to say more . I say it 's a ink stain on a sheet of * paper . he say no , I have to say what go through my mind . the doctor 's lip movement correspond perfectly with the voice of child nemo . nemo look at a ink well on the table . child nemo ( off ) ( cont . ) I say it make I think of a ink well . so then he say , okay , that 's * fine . 274 - television Television image of old nemo in he hospital bed . 274a - in the street , people crowd around tv screen . 274 abis - on the side of the screen run a ad for Big crunch breakfast cereal . - 112 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 commentary you have until tomorrow noon to vote : should the last mortal be allow to die a natural death ? or should he be keep alive ? vote and win a vacation on the Moon for the whole family . image of a family in a recreation center on the Moon . 275 - int . hospital room — night the journalist be with old nemo . journalist they have announce the result of the voting . I be sorry ... old nemo at my age , the candle cost more than the cake . I be not afraid of die . I be afraid I have not be alive enough . they should write it on every schoolroom blackboard : '' life be a playground . or nothing . '' 276 - int . hospital room — day adult nemo be in a hospital room . he be finish he meal . on the corner of he tray be a fortune cookie . he bite off a corner and take out the little slip of paper be something indecipherable . nemo study it carefully . he get up and go to the window . he hold the paper up to the windowpane . the inscription be write from right to leave . in the reflection we can read : nemo . leave . he look out the window . 276a - on the other side of the street , a man be posting a sign — in reverse time - that read : now . the reflection of he fortune cookie paper be superimpose , form a full sentence : nemo , leave now . nemo get dress . 277 - ext . hospital exit and STREET — day nemo leave the hospital . he walk down the almost desert street . all of the car be red . the cloud look like they be hand - paint . 277a - on top of a building a electric sign with run text : read the newport news . then the swen tropwen eht daer , omen ( backwards lettering ) . nemo read the reflection in the window : nemo , read the newport news . - 113 - + + of " Mr. nobody " version 11 a man wear a hat get up from a bench in reverse time , leave he newspaper : the Newport News . nemo open it . his eye be draw to a article about a car accident . we see a picture of a crane pull a car from a river . nemo skim the article ... he stop at a ordinary sentence in the middle of the text : '' nemo , turn to page 5 . '' he open to page five . written there be '' turn around . '' he turn around . 277b - on the outskirt of town stand a cliff , overlook the whole landscape . enormous letter be carve : '' nemo , call 123-581 - 1321 . '' nemo go to a phone booth . he drop in a coin , dial the number . a voice answer . his own voice . nemo ( off ) hello ? nemo hello ? ... who be this ? nemo ( off ) hello ? who 's call ? nemo I be tell to call this number . my name be nemo . nemo nobody . nemo ( off ) be this some kind of joke ? nemo no , I ... the other end hang up . nemo remain in the booth , dumbfounded . he dial another number . nemo ( cont . ) yes , please , I have like to know the address corresponding to 123-581 - 1321 . operator one moment , please ... 12358 alois Street . 278 - ext . STREET with anna 's abandoned house — day nemo reach number 12358 at a run , sweat . he look at the house . it be Anna 's house . it be abandon . planks be nail over the door and window . it be surround by pile of garbage . nemo pull off one of the plank and go inside . - 114 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 279 - int . anna 's abandoned house - day the interior be a mess of dust and stray cat . Light filter in through the plank . nemo come to the live room , in which there be only one chair , a television set , and a coffee table . nemo go to the table . he see the psychiatrist 's futuristic video recording equipment . he blow off the dust and press a button . a image appear . 279a - it be old nemo , against a neutral background , sit at a table , a sheet of paper in front of he . he be look at the camera . next to the tv set , a small camera begin recording . for a moment , the image run backwards , then stop , and start again on forward . old nemo ( on the screen ) hello , nemo . I be glad you find I . * adult nemo can not believe he eye . he sit down in the chair , flabbergasted , and watch the screen . old nemo ( cont . ) all of this must seem very complicated to you . but it 's simpler than you think . ( he look at he note ) be careful , the chair be damage . the old chair break under nemo , who fall to the ground . old nemo ( cont . ) be you all right ? nemo ( to himself ) Fine . * old nemo I should have warn you earlier . but I could not , because of the transcript . * Old nemo point to the typewritten page spread out in front of he . nemo ( to himself ) the transcript ? * old nemo the text of we conversation . - 115 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 nemo 's amazement . he look at the screen , move closer , look all around . old nemo ( cont . ) go ahead , say it . you be die to ask I . nemo you ... you can hear I ? Old nemo look at the papers in front of he , then answer : old nemo of course I hear you . nemo you ... it 's a...record ... old nemo what you be live now be the past , at least for I . I be you , seventy year older . everything you say , I say myself when I _ be young . I go into that house , I see what you see . I only have to transcribe we conversation . it 's all write right here , you see . each word you think you be invent be here on this paper . he hold up the sheet of paper . the dialogue be write on they . the small camera film the scene . nemo I can not ... old nemo ( read ) '' believe it . '' I can not communicate with you any differently . for I , time be invert . I start from the end of the story and I go toward the beginning . nemo I do not understand anything . old nemo you be wonder what life you be in . in this life here , you be never bear . I do not know why . only the architect know . nemo the architect ? - 116 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 old nemo the child . the one run after the train . maybe you parent never meet . 279b - flash : the father walk down the sidewalk , the mother come toward he . a gust of wind blow he umbrella up the wrong way . they pass without notice each other . old nemo ( cont . ) maybe you father die age five in * a sledding accident . 279c - flash : snow . a child in the 1930s racing toward a tree on a sled , who then remain inanimate . old nemo ( cont . ) maybe you be one of the vast * majority of that whose genetic code do not reach they * destination ... 279d - flash : we see a sperm stop move and die slowly among thousand of other . 280 - ext . prehistory — day a pregnant prehistoric woman tremble with fever , lie in the snow . her belly protrude ; she be six - month pregnant . slowly , the snow cover she . 281 - int . anna 's abandoned house — day nemo be watch the screen . Old nemo be talk to he . old nemo maybe when she die , a prehistoric woman kill off the line of human * to which you belong . so for this * world , you do not exist . nemo step back , dumbfounded . old nemo ( cont . ) if Anna 's calculation be correct , and you want to find she , you must * stay alive until 2092 , February 12 , at 05:50 . * the image on the television screen go fuzzy . nemo knock over everything around he . he run away . - 117 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 282 - ext . STREET of anna 's abandoned house — day nemo emerge from the house . he look at it . he see himself , stand behind the window , wave good - bye . a shadow appear above he , enormous . 282a - nemo see a gigantic foot descend from the sky and crush the house , which shatter . it be only a model . nemo run toward the hill . 283 - ext . hillside — evening nemo be climb the hill , out of breath . the city be behind he , in the low - angle light of the set sun . he go pas the giant letter spelling out : '' nemo , call 123-581-1321 . '' when he reach the summit , nemo see the sun . 283a - it be hang from enormous cable connect to a gigantic winch that hundred of stagehand be turn to produce the sunset . two nurse in smock catch up to nemo and grab he . 284 - int . hospital room ( 2092 ) — night the journalist be look at old nemo in silence . he be stunne . nemo have finish . we hear a repeat sound : the tape reach the end of the reel a while back , but it be still turn , flap . the journalist finally notice . journalist I be sorry , I do not know how long we have not be recording . I ... I have to submit my story tomorrow * morning . everything you say be contradictory . you can not have be in one place and another at the same time . you can not have have child and not have have they . old nemo you mean to say we have to make * choice ? that we can not * simultaneously be a train conductor in the ande cordillera , a trapper in Alaska , and a astronaut ? journalist of all that life , which one be the right one ? old nemo each of that life be the right one . every path be the right path . ( more ) - 118 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 old nemo ( cont would ) '' everything could have be anything else and it would have just as much meaning . '' Tennessee Williams . you be too young for * that . journalist that 's impossible . you can not be dead and still be here . you can not not exist . ( he sigh ) or ... be there life after death ? nemo laugh . old nemo after death ? ... how can you be so sure you be alive ? you still do not understand ? the journalist do not . old nemo ( cont . ) you do not exist . neither do I . the journalist still do not understand . old nemo ( cont . ) we only live in the imagination of * a nine - year- old child . * 284a - flash : child nemo run after the train . child nemo 's voice take the place of old nemo ’s_ voice , synchronize with the old man 's lip . old nemo ( cont . ) ( with the voice of child nemo ) we be imagine by a nine- year-old * child face with a impossible choice . the journalist turn around . 284b - he be at the train window and see : 285 - ext . train station — day child nemo be run after the train carry he mother away . he turn around , look at he father , hesitates . he look at he mother , hesitates . he wet he pants . his eye go wide . a series of flash appear to he , lot of quick scene , each one contain the other : - 119 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 he look toward he mother : ... a - the three little girl ... b- the train trip with he mother ... C - a electric train in he mother 's apartment ... D - we leave the apartment through the window and find ourselves on the beach with teenage Anna ... e- a picture of the beach hang in nemo 's room as he lie sleep with Anna ... F - we approach Anna 's face , who be no longer in the bed but in a car carry she away ... G - adult nemo meeting Anna again ... h - the drop of rain erase the phone number ... I - nemo in the studio recording the science program ... J - adult Anna on the phone , surround by child ... k - adult nemo drive in a car ... L - the accident ... m - nemo prisoner in he car , underwater , drown ... on the station platform , child nemo turn toward he father : another series of flash appear to he ... N - the three little girl ... o - child nemo leave the station with he father ... p - the paraplegic father who teenage nemo bathes ... q - the meeting with teenage elise ... R - the motorcycle accident ... S - teenage nemo in a coma in the hospital ... T - adult nemo take care of bedrid adult elise ... U - elise pack she bag and leave ... V - nemo live with Jean ... w- the hand over the candle ... X - the train racing toward nemo ... y¥y - the meeting with Clara ... Z - widowe nemo , alone in he bed ... Al - widowe Anna ... bl - astronaut nemo in the spaceship ... cl - the explode rocket , the bicycle in space ... d1 - nemo in he bath , the shot ... El - nemo 's body throw into the bush ... child nemo , overwhelm by this vision , stare wide - eye . 286 - int . hospital room ( 2092 ) — dawn Old nemo push he chess game away and get up . old nemo ( with the child 's voice ) in chess , it 's call '' Zugzwang '' when the only viable move be not to move . come see ... they move toward the window . 286a - around the hospital , the city be be dismantle into block that in turn dissipate in the air . old nemo ( cont . ) ( with the child 's voice ) what 's that call again ? the journalist and the old man look out the window . behind the building , now go , the sea stretch out before they . helicopter be remove huge block of sea . they be take the sea apart . - 120 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 journalist the sea ... old nemo ( with the child 's voice ) that 's right , the sea ... the child * be take it apart . he do not need it anymore . before , he be unable * to make a choice because he do not * know what would happen . and now that he know what will happen , he be unable to make a choice . * nemo get back into bed . he look more tired . the heartbeat monitor slow . a alarm go off . 287 - ext . train station — day child nemo see the train move away with he mother on board . he stand there , daze . he turn back toward he father , then toward he mother , not know which of the two direction to choose . then throw himself perpendicularly in a third direction : he cross the track and run through the nearby wood , far from he father and mother . 288 - ext . wood — day child nemo be run breathlessly through the tree . he stop . Ray of light penetrate the branch . nemo pick up a dead leaf from the ground and blow on it . the leaf fly away , dance in the air . a gust of wind blow through the tree , carry the dead leaf toward the cloud ... 289 - ext . atmospheric layer — day ... the cloud change form , blow by the wind . dense cloud be move and stretch through the layer of the atmosphere ... 290 - ext. / int . misc . — day / night the dead leaf , lie on the road before the accident , right where teenage nemo 's motorcycle will pass , blow away , push by a burst of wind . the motorcycle continue its path . 290a - teenage nemo at the beach with teenage Anna . nemo do what he never dare do : he kiss she on the lip . 290b - nemo , Jean 's husband , open the door of they house , home from work . Jean and the child look at he in surprise . he hold out he fishing rod and take off he coat . - 121 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 290c - a drop of rain form in the cloud and fall to the ground . adult Anna write she number on a scrap of paper and give it to nemo . the drop land on nemo 's shoe . 290d - adult nemo be wait for Anna . he look at the chalk circle on the ground . Anna be arrive in the distance . they walk toward each other , then run until they meet in the chalk circle . they embrace . they cry for joy . we circle around they . nemo thank you ! thank you wind ! thank you rain ! thank you car , thank you passersby , thank you child , thank you dog , thank you ! 291 - int . hospital ( 2092 ) — day the heart monitor slow . Old nemo be lie on he bed . the city around the hospital have disappear . nemo be die . nurse bustle around he . he look at the digital calendar that read '' February 12 , 2092 . 05:16 . '' he smile . miniature camera hover on the other * side of the window . 291a - his image be retransmitted on a giant tv screen above the hospital . in superimpostion : '' last word . '' a microphone be place at he lip . he murmur . old nemo this be ... the most beautiful day ... of my life . nemo stiffen , he breathe weaken . his heartbeat slow even more . old nemo ( cont . ) Anna ... Anna ... nemo stiffen . the heart monitor show only a flat line . the clock turn to 5:17 . the second slow , then stop ... the clock freeze ... 292 - ext . space the planet slow they progress around the sun . they freeze ... the '' universe '' cease to expand . the universe freeze . 293 - ext . STREET — day on Earth , in the street , everything have stop move : a dog freeze in mid leap , passersby immobilize , foot in the air , water in a fountain ... - 122 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 294 - ext . space then , slowly , the universe reverse its movement . it fold back in on itself . the planet start move again , in the opposite direction . the Big crunch . 295 - int. / ext . misc . — day on the hospital clock , the second start move in the opposite direction . a - in the street , people walk backwards down the sidewalk . B - Dead leave go back up into the tree and reattach themselves . C - rain go back up into the sky . D - the break vase on the floor become whole again and return to the hand of nemo 's father . E - smoke from a cigarette go back into the cigarette . F - the swirl of a drop of ink dilute in a glass of water come back together . G - the mashed potato and gravy separate in baby nemo 's plate . h - in the cookie factory , the piece of egg shell reattach to the shell , now whole . I - a typewriter erase the letter from a page , leave only a white sheet of paper . J - ina maternity ward , a baby go back into its mother 's belly . 296 - int . hospital — day Old nemo 's heart begin beat again . he open he eye , surprised . the nurse , stunne , walk backwards out of the room . nemo laugh . he get up and leave the room , backwards . 297 - ext . STREET — day nemo be walk backwards down the street , smile . 297a - he have grow young again . 298 - ext . STREET — day adult nemo look at Anna 's phone number , which be no longer visible . the rain pull itself from puddle on the ground in order to go back up into the sky . a drop of water leave the scrap of paper and the ink reform the digit of the telephone number . nemo see Anna arrive , walk backwards . they embrace and leave together , backwards . 299 - int . hospital room ( 1988 ) — day nemo be motionless , in a coma . suddenly , a finger move , then two ... - 123 - " Mr. nobody " version 11 300 - ext . under water — day a bubble of water descend through the water and slip between nemo 's lip as he be motionless in he car . nemo begin breathe again . 301 - ext . CITY — day adult nemo , in reverse , hang the '' now '' poster across from the hospital . 302 - ext . nemo and elise 's STREET — day adult nemo , dress as a mail carrier , in reverse , slip the envelope contain the picture of nemo and Jean under the door of nemo and elise 's house . 303 - int . mother 's apartment — day teenage nemo be at the foot of Anna 's bed . nemo 's body be lift from the floor and slip back into Anna 's bed , into she arm . they roll together , embrace . 304 - ext . yard of the father 's house — day nemo 's father be painting the cloud . the color come off the canvas and go back onto the brush . the father finish . he admire the blank canvas . 305 - ext . beside a lake — day child Anna be sit beside a lake , on a dock . Stones emerge from the water to land in she hand . suddenly , a stone emerge from the water right next to she . she turn around , smile . child nemo come toward she . they play together by the water , laugh . the end * - 124 -