mr . right by Max landis Circle of confusion lot Circle of confusion LLC 107 - 23 718t Road , suite 300 8548 Washington Blvd . Forest Hills , NY 11375 culver City , CA 90232 ( 718 ) 275-1012 ( 310 ) 253-7777 fade in : int . psychologist 's office - day it 's a upscale psychologist 's office , well appoint and brightly light from floor to ceiling window . martha mckay , 29 , lay on the couch . she 's very pretty but without make - up save somewhat heavy eyeliner , lack any kind of fashion sense , and also minus the poise and self - assure mannerism that make beautiful woman seem unreachable . she seem terminally awkward in she own body . she 's talk to doctor Lisa kenner , 31 , very sexy , with long , slender leg , who sit across from she . doctor kenner it 's nice to have you back , martha . martha thanks Doctor kenner , I spend like , the last fifteen day in bed cry , out of bed cry , back in bed , so , here I be , here be I . kenner nod and smile . doctor kenner and , how would you say you be feel now ? martha I guess I just feel ... I do not know . I would want to say I feel betrayed , but be that , be that cliche ? doctor kenner no , it 's not cliche if it 's what you feel . martha I just do not want to hide behind pre - establish idea , I mean , I have be cheat on before . doctor kenner I know , Daniel . martha that 's right , but this be different . ( continued ) continued : doctor kenner do you feel Robert do something different ? you be with he for just under a year . martha it 's not that he do something different , I just ... it be like he have another life . one woman , I could handle , it have be fuck up , but I could handle it . ( slowly sit up as she talk ) but I mean ... I have no idea , it 's scary , but I have no idea how many woman he be sleep with . and I mean , they be not , I have see they . they be not like , better than I . doctor kenner do you want they to be ? martha well no , I just ... I do not know . doctor kenner do you feel like it 's you fault ? martha my fault ? doctor kenner think about it . martha sit think . martha ( shaking she head ) no , no , okay , no , I do not feel that way . why should I , I give he everything , I trust he , and then to go through he phone and find text message about have anal sex in a hot tub ? that 's what eleven month earn I ? my fuck fault ? fuck that . Doctor kenner look uncomfortable . martha ( cont 'd ) but you know , maybe it be . it 's my fault for ever think this guy , this sycophantic , smarmy pretentious piece of self - involved dogshit could ever - doctor kenner I think you be be unfair , here . ( continued ) continued : martha ( beat ) what ? unfair to he ? what ? this awful unbelievable fuck asshole who act like he want to marry I and then every second we be apart be ball deep in some harem of wash out slut - — doctor kenner ( adjust she glass ) slut be a very strong term . I think you need to be a little understanding ; Robbie be a very high pressure , intense individual and ... Doctor kenner trail off as she realize that martha be stare at she very , very intensely . doctor kenner ( cont ’d ) I ... martha leap to she foot , grab a vase off the table next to the couch and hurl it at the wall next to Doctor kenner . martha ( scream ) you motherfu - transition from the exploding vase into a exploding car . title : mr. right . the open credit be juxtapose with two different process : the factory production of bullet and prescription antidepressant / antipsychotics . come back in on ... ext . parking lot - night it 's a lot on the edge of the city , barely light . the burn car sit in the center , and two other man stand a couple dozen foot away , by another car . von cartigan , late 30 , well dress and handsome , with a spry , boyish look about he and cowboy boot , stand count money in a briefcase on the trunk of the car . johnny howl , stocky , 40s , with a eerie jack - o- lantern face , stand watch the car burn . von look at the money and tip he head to the side , think . ( continued ) continued : von you think that be too much ? johnny howl it 's never too much , von . von seem a mite excessive , with he kid in the car . johnny howl he should not have bring he kid . von so it 's acceptable loss ? johnny howl ( beat ) yeah . von close the briefcase . von you be a sick fuck , johnny howl . johnny howl ( beat ) yeah . von pop the trunk , and start to put in the briefcase . johnny howl ( cont 'd ) hey von. von look up , and johnny nod at a badly burnt man , who 's crawl away from the car . von laugh , and close the trunk , then head over to the crawl man . von hello down there , buddy . Rough night ? the man let out a hiss sound . von stomp repeatedly on the back of the man 's knee with harsh crack sound . von stop , and take a breath . von ( cont 'd ) do not crawl , buddy , it 's undignify . ( beat , then take a moment , and smile at johnny ) johnny , help I put he back in the car . the man let out a horrify groan as johnny howl approach , smile . ( continued ) continued : transition the groaning into the beeping of a alarm clock . int . martha 's apartment - bedroom martha 's alarm be go off , but she bed be empty . the room be a mess , clothes everywhere , dirty glass strewn here and there . there be a diorama of the primeval world , old and tatter , spread across the wall , and a single wooden sculpture of a pterodactyl hang from the ceiling . elaine schiff , early 30 , tall and wiry , peek in . elaine martha , be you ... Elaine come into the room , look around . there 's a loud thump from inside the close closet . martha ( 0.s. ) ( muffle ) shut up ! Elaine look concerned . int . martha 's apartment —- hallway - later Elaine walk along , lead tatiana Ruiz , early 30 , Cuban , stout but pretty . elaine it 's as bad as I have see she , tati . tatiana where be she now ? int . martha 's apartment - bedroom - continuous Elaine and tatiana come in . elaine she 's drunk in the closet again . there 's a crash sound from the closet . tatiana sigh , and go over to the door . tatiana martha ? be you okay in there ? martha ( 0.s. ) amflegblamersh ! jihhhh ! tatiana look to Elaine , who make a '' yike '' face . ( continued ) continued : tatiana I want to come in . can I come in ? martha ( inhuman demonic scream ) no0oocc00000000000000 ! tatiana open the door , revealing martha lay in a pile of fall jacket , shirt and dress . the closet be a wreck . tatiana ( concerned ) oh martha ... what be this ? martha I have only be drink for three ... day , but I have not miss work . I have miss work . tatiana kneel down next to martha . tatiana come on , honey , let 's - martha I think you do not know anything about this situation , you do not know anything about the world ... I be gonna punch you in the face ... yourself ... you better check yourself ... tatiana help martha up , near to against she will . tatiana Elaine give I a hand . martha ( mutter ) checkyoself into a hospital ... emergency room ... after I mega ... elaine I be not touch she , she 's all ... sticky . martha ( mutter ) -..mega-punch ... martha collapse onto the floor . int . martha 's apartment —- bathroom - shortly thereafter martha 's bathroom be strictly white and purple . she stand stare at herself in the mirror , squinting she eye very hard , then stare again . she 's rock in place a little . martha ( quietly ) goddamn it . martha brushes back she hair , and then stop , hold it back . she brushes the other side back , and then hold it up . she cock she head , look at herself . she open a drawer , revealing a pair of electric clipper . ext . metropolitan STREET - late afternoon Mr. right , 30 , handsome with wavy , messy brown hair , walk up the street . he have a lighter - than -air , poppy , bubbly air about he , as though he just walk out of a musical comedy . he be constantly look around , smile blissfully and blankly at everything . right stop in front of a tall building , check the address , grin and go in . we stay there on the lobby , and then shoot up the side of the building around twenty storey , and stop at a window into a nice apartment . a well dress woman answer the door ; it 's right . he smile , and they exchange word as he go in . she look very serious . Mr. right look hesitant . he seem to repeatedly , incredulous but friendly , ask the same question . the woman fervently nod . Mr. right shrug , pull a red foam clown nose out of he pocket , put it on , draw out a pistol and shoot she in the heart . she fall down against the wall , startle . right take a contemplative bite of out a Rice - krispie treat . ext . martha 's apartment - bedroom Elaine be clean , while tatianna talk on the phone . it 's get dark outside . martha abruptly burst out of the bathroom ; we see Elaine and tatianna react sharply . martha have cut off a good 85 % of she hair . martha toss Elaine a pair of car key . martha head up . ( continued ) continued : the key smack Elaine in the face , and she gasp , hold she eye . tatiana martha , jesus christ . martha I think she would catch it with she mad skill . ( beat , lean back ) but , I guess she just kinda suck . we be go out , right ? we be go out . int . bar - night the place be a little crowded ; Elaine and tatianna be at the bar , they look nervous . martha come up , hold drink ; one of the cup be empty , which she hand to tatiana . martha hellloooo laaadddiiesss . tatiana ( to she empty cup ) what the hell be this ? martha well , it be suppose to be a sex on the beach but I drank it , so now it 's just a cup . tatiana Jesus christ , martha . martha ( excited , look around ) oh , be he here ? martha separate from she friend , and go off to dance . out on the dance floor , martha appear to be have a good time dance alone , when some guy , mid -20s , reasonably attractive , approach . some guy hey ! martha ( smile ) hey ! some guy who be you here with ? ( continued ) continued : martha my friend . some guy ( laugh ) no boyfriend ? martha abruptly stop dance . martha my boyfriend be kill by velociraptor . some guy what ? ( beat ) be that a joke ? martha look very sad . some guy ( cont ’d ) no , come on , it 's joke . martha have start to cry . some guy ( cont ’d ) do not do that ... it be a joke ... do not ... some guy awkwardly move back into the crowd , and martha snicker , wiping she eye . CUT to : the girl heading up the STREET ext . CITY STREET - night - later martha , tatianna and Elaine walk up the road . martha that be incredible ! elaine how be that incredible ? martha it 's be forever since I have just be , you know , out like that , not try to get laid . elaine you be lucky we love you , martie . martha yes I be ! hey , hoe before bros , right ? ( continued ) 10 . continued : martha offer out a fist . martha ( cont 'd ) right ? be I right ? tatiana you be out of control , girl . you be out of control . a car blur by and we swish pan to : ext . CITY zoo - night in the near empty parking lot of a city zoo , a single expensive towncar sit alone , light off , with heavily tinted window . a dozen foot or so away from the car stand shotgun steve gage , late 20 , with a sly , wiry look about he , almost like a human coyote . he light a cigarette . directly outside the car be bruce Cooper , 30 , black , lean and well dress . he 's try to calm down charlie cartigan , who look incense . charlie Dead !? what the fuck do you mean , dead ? bruce if you would just get in the car , Mr. cartigan , we could - charlie fuck you , I be not get in the car , this be not a fuckin’ meet . if you want to wake a man up at three in the fuck am you best have some kind of explanation , better than '' Minkin be dead , '' I do not care who the fuck my nephew think they be - the driver 's side window roll down , revealing richard cartigan , 42 , bear a distinct resemblance he brother von , and clearly try to look dignify . richard Charlie , get in the car . charlie what be we do here , Richard - richard get in the car . ( continued ) 11 . continued : charlie yeah , okay . the back door open , and Richard get in . Richard look to Bruce , who roll he eye . Richard smile , and roll up the window . inside the car : Charlie get in the back , look around . von sit in the passenger 's side , and johnny howl sit in the back , play with a rubik 's cube . they all look nervous . there 's a charge silence . charlie ( cont ’d ) what be this ? ( reference johnny howl ) what 's this ghoul do here ? von we have a problem . charlie yeah , so I have fuckin’ hear , but it can not wait till morning - von it might be my fault . charlie ( exasperate ) be the picolos involved in this ? I think they be all dead - von no , but it 's very , very serious . richard so serious that we all might be in danger . everyone 's quiet for a moment . johnny howl grin . charlie what do you do , von ? von 's silent . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( disgust ) you fuckin’ kid , play at be gangster - — ( continued ) continued : johnny tak : 12 . richard von take someone out , one of yatsuda 's guy , and it look like yatsuda be not take it well . charlie why the fuck would you start shit with Bobby yatsuda , be you fuckin’ suicidal ? von he shit we out on cash , uncle Charlie . the dumbfuck shit we out , big time , we could not just let it stand . charlie fuckin 's drug ? this be over fuckin’ drug again ? von well - richard it do not matter what it be over . charlie no , I suppose it would not to you , would it . you know , Rich , I woulda see this dumb shit come from von , I really would have . but you ? be this where you be go too , with this garbage - richard it do not matter , Charlie , what matter be that we be target now . von say he 's get some guy who can take care of this for we . charlie '' take care '' of Bobby yatsuda ? be you both out of you fuck mind ? von show he the list , johnny . es out a rumple list of phone number , hand it over to Charlie . charlie what 's this ? von it 's a list I make up ; that be the number of the best trigger guy in the city . ( continued ) 13 . continued : charlie what , we be go to get some slovakian douchebag to take down Bobby yatsuda - von no , no , this be not thug , man . this be the real deal , hitmen . charlie hitmen ? shit , you guy be ... man , I be not hear someone talk about hire a real gun since the seventies . von some of the number might not work , but if you can get a guy , then - charlie why I ? richard the way von figure it we have get a better chance of get quality if we use you . no one give a shit about dickie and von cartigan , but Charles cartigan , the Hammer , you be a name . Charlie stare at the list . charlie you kid be really for real about this . von look nervously at Richard . richard the way I see it , von have not leave we much of a choice . Charlie stare at the list . ext . petacular ! - morning it 's a petshop in a strip mall . there 's a loud shatter sound . CUT to : a furious cat 's snarling face . int . petacular ! - kennel - continuous in the kennel in the back of the store , a single longhair cat , derange with fear and anger , have escape from its carrier and knock over a glass - fronted cabinet . ( continued ) 14 . continued : it sit in the center of the room , roaring furiously at martha and Elaine , now dress in work clothes , who stand face it . elaine be not it suppose to find a corner ? martha no , he want to throwdown . elaine cat be not suppose to throw down ! the cat scream . martha he want to throw down pound for pound like we be clown that try to mess around . elaine what ? martha gimme the net . Elaine get a short - handle net from off a counter , and toss it to martha . elaine he ' will just run . martha he want to take I on , you want to take I on , come on ese I 'il cut you up ! the cat scream with the fury of hell . martha ( cont 'd ) oh you talk a big game now but not so big when I make you my bitch . ( to Elaine ) go around back of he , startle he towards I . Elaine nod , and go around back of the cat . martha and the cat lock eye , and then Elaine jump towards the cat . elaine boo ! the cat turn and pounce onto she face . ( continued ) 15 . continued : elaine ( cont 'd ) eyaaarghhh ! martha ( rush to help she ) oh shit ! CUT to : martha and elaine sitting together outside ext . petacular ! - shortly thereafter both woman be sit , cover in little bloody scratch and liquid cat diarrhea . Elaine be smoking a cigarette . elaine ( continue she think ) it just explode . martha like a burst fire hydrant of cat shit , that be unreal . elaine do you think that 's a defense mechanism , or - martha I think he be just that scared of we . we be really hardcore . elaine how bad be the one on my elbow ? martha oof. bad . see this be why I be never gonna be a lesbian . Elaine look at she , confuse . martha ( cont 'd ) pussy be crazy dangerous . Elaine sit in silence , and then start laugh . elaine you be , I think , actually retarded - martha ( stand up ) yeah yeah , I 'ma hit the drugstore . martha head off . ( continued ) 16 . continued : elaine it be not lunch yet ! martha ( call back ) I know . elaine you be cover in blood and cat shit ! martha ( from further yet away ) I know . int . drug store martha be wait in line at the pharmacy , stare at a big '' the Bahamas : rediscover Love ! rediscover life ! '' banner up on the wall . Mr. right sit off to the side in the wait area . he 's stare intently at he hand . people be kind of shy away from martha , due to the smell and appearance , cause right to notice she as she approach the counter . pharmacist name please ? martha martha mckay . pharmacist meflem ? martha mick-ay . pharmacist oh , yes . the pharmacist go back to the medication . martha glance around , notice Mr. right staring at she . martha pick up she birth control , and turn , head away from the pharmacy . she glance back to right , but he 's go . she look down , a little glum , and walk directly into a display of cough -drop ; box scatter and fall in all direction . we see martha 's Pov , slow motion ; as one of the box fall , we see a dot line draw out , predict where it 's head . martha begin to reach out towards it . freeze . ( continued ) 17 . continued : suddenly , every single fall box grow a prediction line . unfreeze . martha catch the single box , but no other box fall . she look up to see Mr. right , hold all of the box . he look earnestly cautious , as though he may have just violate a boundary . martha ( quietly ) how do you do that . right ( nod at the single box she hold ) how do you do that ? martha stand silently for a moment . right casually take the box from she , and replace they all on the display . she notice right stare at she again . martha it be a cat . right what ? martha a cat , do this . right do what ? martha blink , stare at he . right ( cont 'd ) you want a lifesaver ? martha look at he quizzically . right ( cont 'd ) ( reflective ) I like lifesaver very much . martha ( beat ) do that work ? right just look bewilder . ( continued ) 18 . continued : martha ( cont 'd ) '' ooh , I be nice lifesaver guy , you be clumsy and vulnerable , look how handsome I be . '' do you have a secret stock of lifesaver base joke ? do you buy they in bulk ? right stare at she emptily . right ( blankly , as though by rote ) I like lifesaver very much . martha try to move past he , and he block she way . martha take a step back , reevaluate the situation . right ( cont 'd ) be that creepy ? sometimes I do not know when I be be creepy . right move aside . right ( cont 'd ) I get too forward , and then - martha who ... be you ? right should I give you a fake name or my real one ? martha stare at he . martha Fake name . right hubert cumberbund . martha '' hubert cumberbund . '' right my friend call I huey . martha stare at he for a moment more and then laugh . martha I can not believe I be talk to you , huey . right ( genuinely confuse ) but ... it 's happen . ( more ) g ( continued ) continued : 19 . right ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) do you wanna go get coffee ? like , hang out and stuff ? martha ( laugh again ) you be just ... why be you here ? right ( chipper ) I need my prescription so I do not feel angry all the time . martha I do not think any one 's ever use that as pick - up line before . right ( look around , then whisper confidentially ) be it work ? martha ( laugh and vehemently shaking she head ) no , no it be not . right I be sorry , it 's the best I have get . I be not very suave . martha oh really ? right no , not really , actually I be very suave . martha ( beat ) okay , explain why I should '' hang out '' with you in two word . right ( beat ) '' or else ? '' martha stare at he , and then right wink at she , and she start laugh . right notice the circular box martha be hold . right ( cont 'd ) oh , be that birth control ? ( beat ) awesome . 20 . ext . fast food restaurant - later martha and right sit together on the ground against the side of the restaurant . both of they have kid 's meal in colorful cardboard container , which they be open . right what have you get , what have you get ? martha hold on , hold on ... ( take out she toy ) Green parrot . what have you get ? right Dog with Spot . Dog with Spot beat Green parrot . martha what ? no way . Green parrot can fly . ( beat ) plus , he have this really bad childhood , so now he carry a knife with he everywhere . right laugh . martha ( cont 'd ) his parole officer try to send he in the right direction , but Green parrot be just too ... ( laugh ) what about Dog with Spot ? right ( shake he head sadly ) he have so much promise , but drop out of college , life with he girlfriend , she support he ... not a pretty story , really . martha be this story indicative of you , or - right no , nah . so you be tell I about the museum ? martha right , work there for two year , and now , back to the petstore . right wait , back to petacular with Elaine ? ( continued ) continued : 21 . martha thus the cat shit , yes . right but I think you say you be go to end up manage the egyptian thing - martha right , I be , but I be ... people have trouble work with I . right yeah ? you be a troublemaker ? martha ( grin ) no , I just ... I have some '' restraint issue . '' I be kind of impulsive . right I find that really attractive . martha oh , you would not if you know I . right I be impulsive too . martha ( beat ) what do you do , exactly ? right I sell car , and I kill people . martha oh , you split the time ? right ( laugh ) seventy - thirty , sure . int . petacular ! Elaine stand alone behind the counter . she look around , and then look at the clock on the wall . ext . lake side park - twilight martha and right walk along the edge of a urban lake , laugh . right dragon ? ( continued ) continued : 22 . martha yeah dragon . human put name on everything to make they safe , but when you come down to it , a whale be just a sea monster , right ? I mean , what 's a dinosaur other than a dragon ? as martha talk , a errant frisbee nearly hit right ; seemingly without even look , he catch it and throw it back . martha lau martha ( cont 'd ) people see thing and they put label on they , and it take the ... the whatever , the wonder out . it allow people to just glance at stuff instead of really look . right people prefer that , I think . most people live in little contain world ; they like a T - rex better as a big bunch of bone than as something that actually live . martha yeah , maybe . that 's why I get into paleontology in the first place , because I want to show the past to people in a new way . I think by now I have be work in the smithsonian , but I can not ... right impulsive , right . martha right. ( beat ) we have not really , yknow , talk about you much . right well that 's a shame , because I be very , very interesting . ghs , but then they be interrupt by a chonga , early twenty , latina , sexy , who stand with she friend around a picnic table in the park . chonga hey , hey wifey ! ( continued ) 23 . continued : martha yeah , can I help you ? chonga ai not you know Robbie hewitt ? martha ( slowly ) yeah ... the chonga say something to she friend , and they all laugh . chonga well you tell he he need to call I back , because - the chonga notice that martha be charge at she , scream and look crazy . chonga ( cont 'd ) oh shit bitch - CUT to : outside charlie cartigan 's brownstone apartment int . charlie cartigan 's place - live room Charlie cartigan sit alone in he live room , stare at the crumpled list von give he . he sigh , and dial one of the number . it 's disconnect . he try another , and it 's again disconnect . CUT to : same , later . Charlie 's on the phone with von . we intercut back and forth to von , who 's in a arcade play a stand - up video game while johnny howl sit on a pinball machine behind he . charlie the number do not work . von how many do you try ? charlie I try six , they be all disconnect - von well I tell you some of they would not work , uncle Charlie , you have just gotta go till you get one . this be the best around , they do not stay in the same place for long , right ? ( continued ) 24 . continued : charlie right , I guess , but I be suppose to go through every number here ? von well what be I suppose to do , call and then hang up if they answer ? that 's a good way to get myself shot - von die in the game , cause johnny howl to chuckle . von ( cont 'd ) agh , goddamnit ! charlie ( concerned ) you okay ? von look , I be fine , Charlie , and I be sorry about the number , but just please , do you best , okay ? von hang up as a big , bulky arcade employee come up to johnny howl . arcade employee hey , man , please do not sit on the machine . johnny howl look to von . von yeah , I be do anyway . johnny howl abruptly spin around behind the bulky guy , and instantly slit he throat with a straight razor . blood splatter onto the pinball machine , and the man fall behind it . it all happen so fast , no one in the arcade even notice . von chuckle . von ( cont 'd ) let 's go . johnny howl no , I want to - von let 's go . back to : charlie cartigan 's apartment —- later ( continued ) 25 . continued : Charlie hang up he phone , crossing off another number , frustrated . he sigh , and dial again . CUT to : riverside walkway . ext . lake side park - down by the water - continuous Mr. right and martha be post out down by the water , relax . night have fall , and the park be light by street lamp . martha be even further muss . right 's cell phone ring , and he flip it open . martha anyone interesting ? right probably not . right flip the cell phone close again . right ( cont 'd ) I have never , I do not think I have ever see a woman throw punch like that before . martha yeah , well , she escape , so mission failure , I think . right she be one of the girl sleep with ... martha yeah . right I do not get that . I mean , if you be ina relationship , you have get to be lock down . I do not even know how someone start into something , why they would start into something if they do not know right then and there they want to commit . martha smile , and look down . ( continued ) 26 . continued : right ( cont 'd ) see , I think my problem have always be that if you want someone , really want they , you have get to know immediately and stick by it . recently , I do not want to throw myself out there for anyone to pick up . I have just be try to take life more seriously , you know ? martha look up , and gasp , then laugh ; Mr. right have put on the red foam clown nose . he take it off , pockete it . martha the corniest guy alive . right it 's possible . martha so , be you against casual sex , then ? right I do not think I have ever have sex that be not casual ; I mean , I usually do it naked , so what 's more casual than that . martha laugh . right ( cont 'd ) I be dating a girl , for a while , and we be have formal sex ; I have to wear a tuxedo . it be really sweaty - martha keep laugh . right ( cont 'd ) and I date a girl where we have , like , semi-formal sex ; I have to wear a button up . condom . martha grab right and kiss he . jump CUT to : int . martha 's apartment - hallway - soon after right and martha crash into the apartment hallway , still make out . Elaine peek she head out from she room . ( continued ) 27 . continued : elaine oh , uh , hello . martha duck off into she room . martha ( mutter , embarrassed ) oh , uh , my hair ... right ( to Elaine ) hello Elaine ! elaine have we ... meet ? right ( cheery ) no ! Elaine stare at he . right ( cont 'd ) I be in love with martha . you and I be go to be friend ! Elaine quietly go back into she room , shutting the door . she open the door again for a moment , stare at he . Mr. right sort of shrug . CUT to : a tv screen , flipping through the channel . int . martha 's apartment —- bedroom the light be off . Mr. right lay on the bed , shoe and sock off , flipping through the channel . he stop , stare at the diorama on the wall . martha come out of the bathroom in a towel , with a towel around she hair . she notice right stare at the diorama , and look at he questioningly . right ( by way of clarification ) dragon . martha have to stop a frighteningly big smile , and then cover she face , slightly embarrassed . right ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) it 's cool . ( continued ) 28 . continued : she and Mr. right stare at each other for a moment , and then she crawl out onto the bed , and lay down next to he . martha if we do not ... Mr. right just look at she , and shrug . martha ( cont 'd ) I mean , will you still stay ? Mr. right smile , and then nod . she kiss he gently on the lip . the distance sight of a binoculars come up , and we see mr . right and martha laughing together . ext . apartment build roof - continuous across the street on the roof of a building , agent Bart hopper , 54 , with a widow peak , look down at martha 's window through binocular . next to he , agent wally kinokis , 30 , gruff look , pop open a pack of nicotine gum . both of they , from they clothes to they posture , read as FBI . wally they fuck ? hopper ( beat ) nope . wally you think he 's gonna kill she ? hopper I do not know . wally yeah , but you must have a theory - hopper do chew that gum help you at all ? wally ( beat ) yeah . hopper then chew the damn gum . wally shrug . 29 . int . martha 's apartment —- bedroom —- morning martha lay asleep , alone , in bed ; she towel have come mostly unwrapped , and we can see she bare back and a little bit of she butt . she blink , awak and realize she 's alone , and then notice a note on she bed . drawn on it be a simple , childlike image of martha fight a cat like a lion tamer , with stiff block letter under it . '' I have to go to work . I will see you tonight . '' she stare at it for a moment , and then slowly allow herself to smile . int . car dealership - right 's office right sit at he desk , talk on the phone , look out the window . the nameplate read '' Clark speck . '' there 's a wind up toy on he desk , wander along . right no , I see the convertible . ( listen ) I see they , I do , but you have to understand , when I say we can not move convertible I mean we can not move convertible , I be not go to make up a sale problem , here . someone walk by , and he cover the phone , call out to they . right ( cont 'd ) Mitch , hey Mitch ! the man stop and look into the office . right ( cont 'd ) I be in love ! Mitch shrug , and keep walk . right go back to the phone . right ( cont 'd ) look , I will get back to you about this on Tuesday , okay ? okay . right . okay . Mr. right hang up , and sit for a moment , and then take out he cell phone . it read '' one new voicemail . '' right , make the strange , dead face , press send . 30 . int . petacular ! Elaine and martha be load crate of Kitty litter up onto the shelf . martha a ou ire someone oo oo 1s ? can not you hi to do this ? elaine I do , I hire you . martha yeah , but someone to do it for we , while we watch . Elaine just shake she head . elaine why do busta sleep in my room last night ? martha it be weird , he would not come in while ... ( laugh ) I just realize I do not know he real name . elaine who , Mr. right ? martha mm , I like that . elaine you sleep with he and you do not even know he - martha I sleep with he , I do not screw he - elaine you do not even know he name ? martha 's quiet . elaine ( cont 'd ) and busta would not come in ... you know , they say animal can sense evil . martha glare at she . ( continued ) 31 . continued : martha he 's not '' evil . '' ooh , actually , what if he be ? I hope he be . martha lift a big crate of cat litter up onto the shelf . martha ( cont 'd ) when I be little I always have this fantasy of dating lex luthor . elaine lex luthor be a genius . you guy ... he 's like , like some kinda hot rain man or something . martha laugh . martha I think I be in love with he . be that stupid ? elaine ..- yes . martha roll she eye . martha do not roll you eye ! elaine you be in love with a man you meet yesterday . martha I do not know , I think so . Elaine 's quiet for a moment , then sigh . elaine that 's how my mother and father meet . Love at first sight . martha yeah ? elaine do not start smile , you be not they . martha keep smile . elaine ( cont 'd ) you be not they ! and this guy be weird , okay ? and he make you weird . ( continued ) 32 . continued : martha I be already weird . elaine when a dude cheat on you , you be suppose to reject man , not just go gaga over the next one you bump into ina drugstore . martha hey , like you say . '' Mr. right . '' Elaine sigh dramatically , and then laugh . CUT to : close up of a clip of ammunition be slapped into a pistol . int . mr. right 's storage container - continuous Mr. right sit in a storage container , wear only a undershirt and underwear . on a crate in front of he he 's laid out a dozen different type of pistol , and he 's look over they , think . his face be dead and emotionless . we pan to reveal that the wall behind he be cover with gun ; it be not , however , simply a armory . there be only one gun of each type ; one sniper rifle , one combat rifle , one submachine gun , etc . what we be look at be not a arsenal ; it 's a toolbox . his cell phone ring , and he take it out . it read '' martha monster . '' martha ( v.o . ) monster ? CUT to : mr. right and martha at a fancy restaurant int . fancy restaurant - night right and martha be both slightly dress up . they be wait for they food . martha you want to call I '' monster ? '' right it 's a nickname , you know , monster , marth , marthster , that sort of - martha no , I get it , I just ... I like it . monster . ( continued ) continued : 33 . right monsta . martha better than agatha . right I think agatha be a excellent middle name , martha , I do not know why you do not like it . martha martha agatha , I sound like I be bear a old lady . right I like old lady . the way they smell , the way they skin feel . you know , when I kiss you , I just , I feel like I be make out with my grandma , and it just turn I on so much I can not even stand it - martha ( laugh ) oh my god , stop it , stop it . right smile . right you be so ...hot . martha blink . right ( cont 'd ) I want to come around the table and sit next to you , can I do that ? martha what ? right I want to come around - martha no , I ... I think you should definitely do that . break the face to face code of table dining . right laugh , and move he chair around the table so he sit next to she . the food arrive , and the confuse waiter put the plate down in front of they . ( continued ) 34 . continued : right look up , and catch martha stare at he . she cough , and look down at she food . int . right 's apartment - later right 's apartment be primarily decorate in green , tasteful , very organize , minimalist . martha sit on he couch , look around . right be in the kitchen , make hot chocolate . martha ( call to he ) what 's you name ? right ( spraying whipcream onto the hot chocolate ) my name ? martha yeah , I be , I be enjoy the whole not know thing , but I mean , I feel like it 's do now . right come over to she , and hand she she mug of hot chocolate . right the truth be , I do not really like my name . I kind of hate it . even hearing it make I kind of angry , I ... I have a lot of anger about a lot of thing . I be kind of mess up in a lot of way . I have be completely honest with you about everything , it 's only two day in so I know that 's not a big accomplishment or something , but I just ... I really do not like my name . I do not want to tell you it , because I do not want to hear you say it . martha stare at he . martha how do you do that thing in the store . right what thing ? martha you move ... the way you move sometimes . like you already know how thing be go to - ( continued ) 35 . continued : right ( a little self - conscious ) oh , right . that . martha be this a thing ? right no , it 's ... martha wait . right seem to think for a moment . CUT to : knive clatter down on a table it 's a little later , and martha and right now stand next to he table . martha look a little apprehensive . right ( cont 'd ) ( straighten out the knife ) I have always find it easier to show , rather than just try to explain - martha be this go to get , like , scary ? right no scarier than usual , I do not think . martha there be not usually knife . right you never play with knife ? CUT to : a quick montage of martha play with knife in various location ; frightening tatianna , twirling they clumsily in front of a mirror , run one up she arm and get the shiver , violently and theatrically slice a onion '' hiya ! hiya ! '' and finally 80s home video footage of Little martha run hold a bunch of knife yell '' I got knife fo fingahz ! " with she frantic father chase after she , stop for a moment to turn to the camera and shout '' christy put the camera down ! '' back to : martha 's ( continued ) 36 . continued : contemplative face martha not really . right first time for everything . martha smile nervously . CUT to : it 's slightly later ; right and martha be nearer to the center of the room . right stand behind they body press together , limb move slowly , synchronize , just a easy , gradual dance . as they move , right talk . right ( cont 'd ) ever since I be a little boy , I have have a idea . it 's a theory . ( he lean back , force she to lay back on he , and run she own hand up she body ) keep up . martha ( try to keep she balance ) I be try . right everything we see , like physical thing , it 's all just island . and under it , carry it , be this sweeping current . he bring they right hand up in front of martha 's face , and move it fluidly back and forth . right ( cont 'd ) and if you pay attention , you can start to feel it . here , you see how you hand move with mine ? you can feel it . you can feel it through I . do you feel it ? martha 's quiet as they move , try to figure out if this be just foreplay , or if that strange sensation she 's feel count at what right be talk about . he subtly grab a knife off the table with he leave hand , and then continue move , bring the knife dangerously close to she throat . ( continued ) continued : 37 . martha ( a little afraid , stare at the knife ) i...uh ... right it 's okay , just concentrate on the knife . ( beat ) now if we can feel the current , we can feel other thing in the current , other move thing , people ... watch the knife ... and we can feel how the current will move they , and we can see where they 's 1l go . it 's all in the movement , see , it push itself ; it 's easier to move with it than against it . martha 's gaze move from knife to right 's arm , and , very faintly , we see the dot trace line from he shoulder , he elbow , he wrist and the tip of the knife . right , stare at martha , watch she face , abruptly drop the knife , bring he and she other hand directly under it . martha yelp and jump away , and right easily catch knife . martha Jesus christ ! right what ? martha why the fuck would you - right I think you would catch it . martha catch it , jesus- right ( suddenly concerned and apologetic ) do it not work ? do you not see where it be go to go ? martha 's quiet for a moment . martha you could have cut I - ( continued ) continued : 38 . right then why do not you catch it ? martha I can not catch a knife - right yes you can . martha no I can not . right yes you can . martha shake she head , as though waking up from a dream . - she head martha I do not even know you name , and you just , attack I - right I do not attack you , I just - martha ( straighten herself ) look , um , I have a really nice night , but I have to - right I could tell you can feel it . you do not know how yet , but I can keep show you , I - martha no , really - ( pick up she purse ) that 's great , but I need to leave , now , and I - towards the door - martha ( cont 'd ) - think it would be better off if we just take a day or - right but you feel it ! martha it do not matter what I - right martha . ( continued ) 39 . continued : martha turn , just in time to see right toss the knife at she . time stop for a second , martha 's eye wide , stare at the knife as it spin towards she . martha 's hand shoot up and pluck the knife out of the air , hold it by the blade . there 's absolute stillness , with right realize he just go way over the line to prove he point . luckily , martha be sprinting past that line as well . she let out short , deep , throaty '' hur-hur-hur '' laugh , stare at the knife . martha ( whisper ) that 's so gnarly - Mr. right toss another knife at she , and martha catch it almost without look . martha ( cont 'd ) no , no more , okay , it ... I get it . right gimme one of that back . martha throw a knife to right , which he easily catch , spin , and whip back at she , along with a second knife . she throw the first knife at right , and then catch both new knife , and then have to catch the first knife as right toss it back at she . she stare at the three knife in she hand as right approach . martha it 's like a ... like a pulse ? right yeah . martha ( think ) like everything be on string , or ... God , it 's like try to describe do acid , I can not ... ( think ) it 's like everything be move together at once , and I just - right I be worried . ( continued ) continued : 40 . martha why ? right I have never try to explain it to anyone before , and I think it would sound stupid , or that - martha no , no it just ... ( beat ) you have never talk about this to anyone ? right no . martha why I ? right ( beat ) because I want you to know . I need you to know . you have this grace about you , I can not even describe it , and I know ... I just know you have understand . martha be that how you know I have catch the knife ? right I do not know you have catch the knife . martha stare at he , not question , just listen . right ( cont 'd ) I believe you could catch the knife . I want you to catch the knife . but there be no way I could know . you be the one that do it . you be the one who know . martha look down , think very hard . right ( cont 'd ) so , be you mad , or - martha look back up to he , and wipe she eye . ( continued ) 4l. continued : martha I be not mad . ( beat ) I want you . I really , really do . right make a wide - eye face of surprise . right I think that 's ... that 's doable . martha no , I mean , like , immediately . they stand there stare at each other . int . right 's apartment - bedroom - morning martha and right lay in bed together , naked . Mr. right be asleep . martha be awake , stare straight ahead , a blank , happy smile on she face . CUT to : the bathroom martha stand in Mr. right 's bathroom , naked , look at ten prescription medication bottle . none of they have label . she give they a cursory examination , and then look at he toothbrush , he deodorant , and then he shave razor . she be quietly , serenely happy . CUT to : the shower martha be in the shower , wash she hair , when Mr. right get in , also naked , and immediately start kissing she , push she up against the wall of the shower . CUT to : martha and mr. right drive int . mr. right 's car - shortly thereafter Mr. right be drive , with martha next to he . they be both quiet and happy . they come to a red light , and Mr. right notice the car 's clock ; 9:43 am . right ooh , damnit . martha what ? right I be a dumb ass , I forget something . do you mind if we make a stop ? it 'il only take a second . ( continued ) 42 . continued : martha no , uh , whatever , it 's alllll gooood . ( beat , look out the window ) that ... last night be the first time anyone 's call I hot . right what ? no way . martha no , it 's true . I mean , guy say shit like that like right before or during sex , and I always assume it be just because I look better in dim lighting - ( right laugh ) ) but I have never have anyone just say it like that . right I hope that 's not why you love I . ( beat ) do you love I ? right smile . martha smile . the light turn green . ext . public park - shortly thereafter right pull up , and park . out on a park bench sit Charlie cartigan , but otherwise , the park be entirely empty . Charlie fidget nervously , wait , hold a plastic bag . right there 's my guy . I '’11 be right back , okay ? martha okay . Mr. right lean over and kiss she . he then get out , and head off towards Charlie . martha sit in silence for a moment , and then turn on the radio ; it 's a pop love song . she change , it , country . change it again , and come onto heavy , bass - thumping , hardcore rap . martha smile and calmly lip-sync the word . over by the bench ... Charlie stand up as right approach . charlie be you the guy ? ( continued ) continued : right I be a guy , sure . they both sit down . right ( cont 'd ) how have you get my number ? charlie do not matter . right ( beat ) no , I guess it do not . so what do you need ? charlie hah . what do I '' need . '' we see , from martha 's vantage point , Charlie hand right envelope from the plastic bag . charlie ( cont 'd ) everything 's in there . right ( cordial ) you be sure about this . charlie sure about what ? right you be sure that you want I to kill whoever it be that 's identify in this envelope . Charlie blink , shocked . charlie well , I do not ... what be you - 43 . a right sigh and impatiently tear open the envelope . Inside be picture of bobby yatsuda , a vicious look asian american man in he 5as , along with some document . right him ? charlie hey , hey , do not do that - ( continued ) 44 , continued : right this Bobby yatusda , you want I to kill Bobby yatsuda ? charlie well , jesus , I do not ... ( look around , baffle ) uh ... be this a - right it 's not a trick . it 's not a game . you want I to kill this man . charlie -.. yes ? Mr. right give a somewhat sad smile . right okay . martha watch from the car as right and Charlie stand up and shake hand . Mr. right then put on the clown nose . Charlie look confuse . Mr. right suddenly drop a gun out of he sleeve and shoot Charlie through the side of the face . martha gasp , she eye wide . right catch Charlie as he fall forward , and we can see he say '' oh , shit , sorry . '' right apologetically give the horrify martha a '' one second '' finger , shrug and mouth the word '' sorry . '' Charlie try to draw he gun , and right abruptly shoot he in the forehead , then turn and briskly start walk back to the car . Charlie 's body fall dead . martha sit freeze in the car . Mr. right walk to the car and get in , give she a quick smile . right ( cont 'd ) I tell you it have only take a second . ( beat ) be something wrong ? martha ( quietly , stare down ) take I home . right I ... well , I be go to do that a ay .. yway ( more ) ( continued ) 45 . continued : right ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) be you mad because I shot that guy ? martha be silent , and then raise she eye to make contact with he . right ( cont 'd ) martha , how I feel about that guy have nothing to do with how I feel about you . martha drop eye contact . right sigh , and put the car in gear . they drive out of the parking lot , and we hold on the empty park . we pan to reveal johnny howl , sit in a innocuous sedan . he stare at the body of Charlie cartigan in silence ; he reaction be unreadable . he sigh , blow out smoke and then toss out he cigarette , and start the car . ext . martha 's apartment - STREET level right pull up , let martha out . she immediately go up the stair , but he get out . right martha , wait . martha stop on the stoop , and turn around . right ( cont 'd ) I do not ... I be not a bad person . I do not think before I act sometimes , but ... I love you , and I be not a bad person . martha slowly nod , and go inside . right sigh , and kick the car , and then get in and drive away . across the street , in a alley , johnny howl watch the building . int . martha 's apartment - hallway - continuous martha come in , close the door , lean and then slump against it , stare straight ahead . we see she view of the apartment , empty and hostile . busta , she cat , meow , approach . she slowly pet the cat , stare blankly at anything and everything . she walk over to the window , and close the shade . CUT to : johnny howl on the STREET . ( continued ) 46 . continued : johnny smile , look at martha in she window . int . richard 's office it 's a plush office , in a office building . johnny howl stand across a desk from Richard , who 's seat , on the edge of either tear or a explosive outburst . von lean against the wall ; he look shocked and horrify . Bruce stand behind Richard , listen . richard I do not ... understand . johnny howl the guy just walk up and shot he , like that . nothing to it . I do not see what the big fuss be , we just - richard von you shut he up or I swear to god - von howl , shut you mouth . johnny make a big show of be quiet . von ( cont 'd ) it 's yatsuda , it must be . richard how do he know ? von he 's Bobby fuck yatsuda - richard and I be Richard Fucking cartigan , who the fuck be you , von ? this be on you head ; you have be trouble ever since you come back to we from the picolos . von look hurt . bruce why would yatsuda hire a contractor ? von what ? bruce I mean , we have not feel any backlash from yatsuda himself , why would he hire some random gun to take out - ( continued ) 47 . continued : von who give a shit , Bruce ? we go get this guy , eye for a eye , yeah ? Bruce look annoyed , and Richard sit , think . johnny howl I get two address . ( put they out on the table ) that 's he job , that 's he girlfriend . bruce ( confuse ) his girlfriend ? richard ( emotional ) get some guy . take he out . tonight . do it . von and johnny briefly make eye contact , and then johnny nod . int . martha 's apartment - bathroom - later martha sit on she toilet , not move . there 's a knock at the door , which she ignore . another knock , harder . out in the hallway . Elaine hurry up , eat yogurt , and answer the door . agent Hopper and agent kinokis stand wait . Hopper raise he badge . hopper I be agent Hopper , this be wally - wally ( hurriedly ) - agent kinokis - hopper yeah , we be here to talk to martha mckay . elaine ( freeze in place ) be there a problem , or ... wally well , she new boyfriend 's kill eighty nine people , so if you consider that a problem , yeah . ( continued ) 48 . continued : Elaine drop she yogurt spoon on the floor . CUT to : shotgun steve’s bewildered face . int . garage johnny howl be hand out gun and ammunition to three guy , saw , who hold a massive madsen machine gun , uzi , who hold a uzi , and shotgun Steve , who 's be give a ancient parker shotgun . zeke , late 20 , with spike hair , a collare shirt and a better than you attitude , stand by in the background . shotgun steve what the fuck be I suppose to do with this ? johnny howl shoot he . shotgun steve this thing be from like world war fuck one , you say this guy be some kinda super sonic psycho killer and I be go to go out fuck duck hunt - johnny howl look , we be hit he at he straight job , at close . the guy have no idea what 's come . walk up on he and shoot he in the face , how much of a fuckin’ retard would you have to be to screw that up ? shotgun steve s'just - zeke shut the fuck up , Steve . shotgun steve ( ignore he ) and why be not Zeke come ? johnny howl I need Zeke here with I . just shut you mouth , do you job , or I 'il cut you fuck cheek out , yeah ? Steve be reluctantly quiet . 49 . int . martha 's apartment —- live room martha sit motionless at a eave - table ; Elaine be pace behind she , look shaky . Hopper be seat across from she , and wally stand behind he ; Hopper 's open briefcase sit on a chair next to he . martha he 's ...he 's not a bad person . Hopper laugh . elaine you do not even know what he be , who he be - hopper ( interrupt she ) his name be Francis minch . he 's a psychopath . Hopper spread some photo out on the table , mugshot , news photograph of assassination . hopper ( cont 'd ) he be formerly one of the world 's most notorious professional killer . he have be ever since he be a teenager , just a kind of meat-grinder of a man . but then , about a year ago , he have a nervous breakdown and quit . elaine why ? wally ( cut off Hopper ) he 's a psychopath , not a sociopath . the guy have emotion . he have guilt . they be just operate on a real low level , and he '' feeling '' just finally catch up with he . ( beat , a look from Hopper ) that 's the theory , anyway . martha ( quietly ) then what be today ? hopper what ? martha if he 's not a hitman anymore , why do he kill that man in the park ? ( continued ) continued : after a beat , Hopper smile a odd smile . hopper after the breakdown , minch develop a kind of moral code . he 's still notorious . people still try to hire he . but now , he kill they . elaine he kill the people who hire he ? hopper that 's right . wally because '' murder '' be wrong . elaine that 's insane . hopper so be Francis minch . martha and Elaine be silent . elaine just how dangerous be he ? hopper oh , there 's no kind of chart . minch be not some kind of superhero , he 's as human as you and I , he 's just ... he 's just frighteningly efficient . he dance in , kill everyone , and dance out . ( to himself , ponderous ) it 's kind of beautiful , really . 50 . a long beat . martha and Hopper have make eye contact , and there 's a odd kind of understanding . Elaine and wally look distinctly non-pluss . martha ( quietly ) so what now . hopper ( stand ) the man you witness he kill today be heavily involved in organize crime . we should expect retribution . we be arrange a safe-house for you ; until then , we be put this apartment under protection . ( continued ) 51 . continued : wally if he make any attempt to contact you , you talk to we immediately , right ? martha just sit there , still shell - shocked . hopper right . she 's get it . martha stare at nothing . ext . car dealership - night Mr. right be lock up , and wave goodbye to coworker as they leave . he begin to walk alone through the lot , and then take out he cell phone , dial martha . CUT to : martha staring numbly at her phone . it read mr.right . she let it ring , near tear . back to : right in the lot right sigh , pockete he phone , and then stop . we see the way he view the world ; everything in the lot seem to vanish piece by piece , leave the shotgun Steve , uzi and saw head across the lot towards he , move in a void . everything come back , and right stare at they , not move . uzi open fire , blast the car right stand next to , and keep shoot . the window shatter and the car 's alarm go off . right , either know that he 's beyond uzi 's ability to aim with any kind of accuracy or simply not caring , continue to look vacantly at the trio of man ; '' oh ? '' . he put on the clown nose . Steve shove down uzi 's gun by the barrel , burn he hand . shotgun steve agh , shit , stop fucking shoot ! right crouch down , and slowly , carefully start squat - walk through the row of car . he look agitate , but not scared or nervous . out in the circle , shotgun Steve , uzi and saw look around very quietly . the car alarm scream in the night . ( continued ) 52 . continued : saw where have he go ? shotgun steve ( quietly ) God fuck damn it , why do you start shoot - uzi shut up , pussy , I do not see you do jack shit and - shotgun Steve abruptly raise he hand . shotgun steve shh-sh -shh . the car alarm keep go off into the night . saw see something move , and turn , raise the machine gun , unload brakabrakabrakabraka into the side of three sedan ; all of they alarm go off , beginning the overture of a craze , dysphoric symphony . shotgun slap saw on the back of the head . shotgun steve ( cont ’d ) what the fuck , Jimmy ? saw he mighta be back there . maybe I already get he . the trio stand there wait , and then there 's a thump , and a car alarm start go off behind they . the three turn , and saw raise he gun , but shotgun slap it down . they stand there listen to the car alarm . there 's a thump from the other side of circle , and another alarm join the chorus . then another , and another . shotgun steve ah man ; all right , let 's get out of here . there be two more thump , and two more siren start as the man slowly begin to back out of the maze of car . close up : a grenade bouncing and rolling along the asphalt under the car . boom ! a car on the other side of the lot explode into flame . all three man turn , look at the explosion , not notice that Mr. right now stand between saw and uzi . Mr. right lean over saw 's shoulder , talk into he ear . ( continued ) 53 . continued : right ( gleeful whisper ) I be gonna shoot you . it be here for the first time that we see Mr. right ina combat situation . when he move , it be in strictly sweep , glide and snap ; it could be compare to the dance of gene Kelly and Fred astaire , in that everything look effortless and smooth . the effect be visually beautiful , blindingly fast , and absolutely lethal . saw turn around , fire the massive machine gun at random , whereupon Mr. right grape-vine he arm and quickly shoot he the in the side of the head , then gracefully turn , slap uzi 's gun aside , kick he in the nut and then shoot he in the forehead as he fall forward . right look around , confuse ; where 's shotgun Steve go ? right turn directly into shotgun Steve firing the shotgun off into he face from four feet away , have duck behind the front of a car . right stumble back , and blood pour from a dozen or so small hole in he face and neck ; he also have a bunch of hole in he upper chest and shoulder , which spot red with blood . he look stunne . shotgun Steve , equally stunne , try to cock the shotgun ; Mr. right raise he pistol , hold it on shotgun Steve . right ( cont 'd ) ( pain ) Drop that . Steve drop the shotgun . Mr. right slightly lower he pistol . right ( cont 'd ) ( genuinely baffle ) birdshot ? they give you birdshot ? shotgun Steve go for he pistol , but Mr. right immediately bring he gun up into Steve 's face . right ( cont 'd ) do not reach for you gun , that have be a stupid way to die . Steve stare at he . ( continued ) 54 . continued : right ( cont 'd ) ( pierce shriek ) fucking hurt , homie ! aaggghhh ( immediately calm and friendly ) that be , that be great . I totally do not see that come . I have be dead right now , you totally get I . Steve stare at he . right ( cont 'd ) I hate that feel , what 's you name ? shotgun steve ( quietly ) Steve . right I hate that feel Steve , but there 's no deny it , man , you get I . shotgun Steve . you be damn good . why the fuck would they give you birdshot ? shotgun steve s..isamistake ... iunno ... Mr. right laugh , and shake he head . Steve just stare at he . right ( sigh ) you should get out of here . Steve nod fervently . right ( cont 'd ) run , dude ! shotgun Steve take off run . the friendliness seem to drain from Mr. right 's face , and he look alarmingly emotionally vacant , think . flash to mr. right 's view of the park earlier that day . Mr. right sit on the bench with Charlie , and one by one , the element off the world crash away , finally leave Charlie and Mr. right hang in a void , and martha sit in right 's car in the lot . forty or so yard away stand johnny howl . ( continued ) 55 . continued : johnny howl smile and look at martha . Mr. right look horrify , and Charlie cartigan drop away , dead . back to right in the lot . right ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) martha . int . martha 's apartment build - hallway Hopper stand outside of martha 's apartment door , not move . the door creak open , and martha peer out . he look at she . martha hi. hopper hi. martha where 's the other guy ? hopper wally 's out in the car . martha be everything ... hopper everything 's fine . martha how long have you be follow he ? hopper minch ... three year . wally come in later , after the change - over happen . ( to martha 's reaction ) when he start kill he client . martha oh. ( long beat ) do you think I be in danger ? hopper you want the honest answer or the Federal answer ? martha honest . ( continued ) 56 . continued : hopper I have no idea . we think he 's in danger ; the man he kill have a lot of dangerous people back he up . ( beat , muse ) of course , so do the picolos , and that do not help they . martha the who ? hopper a little syndicate up north ; drug , heroin mainly , think they be really tough guy . try to hire minch , bing bang boom , they guy be dead . they try to come after he for revenge , and the backlash destroy they . ( hold up two finger ) one survivor . of four leader , and fifteen underling , one guy live . everyone think it be a rival gang , but - martha you misunderstand , I mean ... I mean be I in any danger from he ? hopper I ... ( beat ) minch have no friend . he barely ever talk to anyone . he spend hour in he apartment , sit and not move , stare at nothing , go to work , sell car , come home . around you , he behavior be ... unique . he express himself ; emotion other than that blank , happy thing he 's get go on . you be the one person in my entire time tracking he that he 's have any kind of meaningful interaction with that do not end in a bullet ... or a new car . martha smile a tiny bit , and Hopper , though he do not smile , acknowledge it . hopper ( cont 'd ) maybe that do not answer you question , but that 's all I have get . ( beat ) personally , I have say he have not kill anybody that do not have it come since the change-over . ( more ) ( continued ) 57 . continued : hopper ( cont 'd ) so I think the real question be , do you believe that evil have a expiration date ? martha nod , and slowly close the door . int . richard 's office - shortly thereafter Richard look absolutely furious , yell at von and shotgun Steve . Bruce stand by , watch , uncomfortable . richard and then he let you run away . shotgun steve that idiot howl give I a shotgun with fuck birdshot - von why do not you check the cartridge ? shotgun steve why the fuck would I , why would you guy even have birdshot shotgun lay around !? why the fuck would you only send three fuck guy - von because we think they have be competent enough to kill one jack off by surprise , clearly , we mistake . ( to Richard ) this be bad , richie , now he know we be gun for he . I think we have just gotta lock it down , stay where we be , and - richard and wait for he to come here and kill we ? no fuckin’ thank you , von . where 's howl ? von he 's - richard do not matter . get he , get he and fifteen guy and go pick up the girlfriend . von what ? Fifteen guy ? richard not include yourself and howl , yeah . ( continued ) 58 . continued : von what ? why should I - richard do not you fuckin’ test I , clevon . von well what if he do not come for the girl - richard I swear to god , do not test I . von laugh and shake he head , and Richard stand immediately , come around the desk ; von suddenly look afraid . von richie , wait , richie - Richard slap von across the face , nearly knock he down . richard we uncle be dead . two of we guy be dead . it be you fuck fault , you piece of shit worm cocksucker , and I have defend you worthless cokehead ass for year , for fucking year , and now I realize , in full and vivid color , that it be a mistake . ( beat ) do not fuck I anymore than you already have . go. von hurry out the door , not make eye contact with Richard . Steve stand up . richard ( cont 'd ) weissman . shotgun steve yeah ? richard just ... make sure von do not get hurt , right ? shotgun steve ( quietly ) right . ext . martha 's apartment build wally sit in the government car out front , hum along to a oldie . ( continued ) 59 . continued : we shoot up the side of the neighbor building to the roof , where we see Mr. right perch . he take out a small pair of binocular , and look through they at wally . he lower they , process , then calmly make the jump fifteen foot over down onto the fire -escape on martha 's building . int . martha 's apartment build - hallway Hopper stand outside the door . at the far end of the hall to he right , a grenade roll out and bump into the wall . Hopper , know right 's trick too well , spin and draw he gun , kneel , aim down the hall to he leave . he wait , brace himself for the explosion of the grenade behind he , focus , keep he aim straight . Mr. right casually stroll up behind he , pockete the grenade . right yank down the back of Hopper 's collar and - hopper - shit - - tazer he in the shoulder . int . martha 's apartment —- hallway there 's a knock , and martha come to the door , look through the peep hole , stand very still for a moment and then open the door . right enter , drag Hopper in with he . right hey monsta , can you get the door ? martha , still seem emotionally blank , shut the door . right and martha stare at each other , and then abruptly begin passionately kissing , with right roughly toss Hopper 's limp body aside . martha ( abruptly shove he off ) wait , stop , wait . right what ? martha you face , what happen ? right all the blood , yeah , I come straight here when I realize they know you face . I do not have time to clean up . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 60 . continued : right ( cont 'd ) someone shot I in the face with a shotgun . martha do you ... right kill he ? no , no , he be a good guy . martha stare at he . martha okay whatever . they start kissing again , and then martha stop again . martha ( cont 'd ) the whole reverse hitman thing , it 's - right it 's weird , yeah , I know . martha awkward . right yeah , I kill a whole bunch of people . martha yeah but they suck anyway . right yeah . martha okay . I be totally panic-c-onalizing this to myself . right okay . good . I be go to keep kissing you . martha yes . they grab each other and start kissing again . elaine ( horrify ) martha . they turn to see Elaine , stand stalk still . elaine ( cont 'd ) what . the . fuck . ( continued ) 61 . continued : right oh , hi Elaine ! continued : ext . martha 's apartment build wally be sit , zone out , and then three car roll up . Men start unload ; johnny howl , Zeke , shotgun Steve and von be among they . johnny howl ( point at a window ) she 's up there . fifth floor , second from the right . von be you sure ? johnny howl just look at he , and von grin . wally look up , snap out of he haze . wally ( see johnny howl ) oh shit . ( fumble out he cell phone ) oh shit , oh shit . int . martha 's apartment —- continuous Hopper 's walkie- talkie bleep , and Mr. right , Elaine and martha all turn to look at it . wally ( on wt ) Hopper , we have get problem , twelve ugly head into the building . right ( grab martha 's wrist ) come on , we have get to go . martha do you think they be here to - right they be here to get you to get I . they already try to take I out straight up , and I do not think it go down how they plan . martha you shot some people . ( continued ) 62 . continued : right well , yeah . we have gotta go , really , look , we can talk about this in the car . martha Francis - — right ( suddenly flustered ) they tell you my name , okay , they tell you my name , that 's great , you fucking bastard ! he turn and violently kick the unconscious Hopper in the rib . martha Francis do not - right that be unnecessary , I be sorry , unnecessary . martha I can not just leave with you . right why not ? martha I can not , you be a criminal , I - right but I love you . martha stand freeze , lock eye with right . Elaine break the silence . elaine you be fuck crazy ! right spin on she . right shut up ! I will shoot you from the side in you eye ! ( to martha ) I will not do that . ( to Elaine ) you will lay on the ground scream for hour ! no one will help you ! ( to martha ) I would never do that , I be not go to do that . ( continued ) 63 . continued : right turn and give a Elaine a cold , psychotic glare . martha where would we go ? right do it matter ? look , we have absolutely no time to discuss this . martha what about Elaine ? right what about Elaine , she 's be a jerk ! martha hey ! right no , you be right , you be right . ( beat ) Elaine , go in the bathroom , lock the door . elaine you can not tell I to - there 's a loud knock on the door , and Elaine immediately rush to the bathroom and slam the door . right step out of the way of the door , pull martha with he , and put on the clown nose . martha what be we go to do ? right oh , we be just go to plow straight through this guy and go to the stair . martha can you - right just stay low , and you 'il - Zeke kick OPEN the door , and Mr. right use Zeke 's stumbling forward momentum to punch he directly in the face , knock he down and nearly out . right immediately step out into the hallway , martha right behind he . int . martha 's apartment build - hallway - continuous four goons , a , B , C and D , stand just near the door , crowded in the hallway . ( continued ) 64 . continued : Mr. right rush directly into they as they try to raise they gun . again , we bare witness to the impossibly smooth , dance- like brutality . he snatch away a 's gun , slap B and C , kick a in the ball , shoot D with a 's gun , snatch away C 's gun , shoot a with C 's gun , poke B in the eye as he raise he gun , snatch away the knife C have draw , slap C and stab B in the neck with it , and then shoot C in the head with a 's gun . martha blink . right ( grab she hand ) come on . he pull she past the down goons , take a moment to turn and casually shoot B in the head as he try to stand up . martha how do you do it so fast ? right a lot of people - right glance around the corner to the elevator , where johnny howl be get out with two man , E and F , gun raise . right ( cont 'd ) - waste a bunch of time with '' fight . '' I try to skip that and go straight to '' win . '' right pop out as the guy try to turn the corner , grab E by the back of the head and shoot he in the face , then knock the gun out of F 's hand and shoot he in the eye . right smashes into johnny howl , knock he into the wall , but howl shove he off and brutally punch he straight in the face , knock off the clown nose . right stagger back , and howl punch he again ; he stagger again , and howl pull out a big revolver , which right promptly bashes away with he own gun , knock it onto the floor . howl grab right 's wrist , pin they together , and twist around and slam he hand into the wall , cause he to drop the gun . further up the hall ... ( continued ) 65 . continued : Zeke come out of martha 's apartment , wiping he bloody nose . he see Mr. right and johnny howl struggle , and all the dead body , and immediately turn tail and run down the hallway . back with the fight ... right stomp on johnny 's foot , then headbutt he in the face , break free of he grip . he reach into he coat and try to pull out the taser , but howl hook he elbow and pull he into a punch , knock he down . he turn , stand over right , take a step and then punt he in the head , nearly knock he out . the punch have tear open all of the birdshot wound , and Mr. right be cover in blood . howl smile , turn and pick up the clown nose . johnny howl a clown nose , huh ? cute gimmick . you know , for a while , I be gonna wear bow tie , so I could be know as '' the guy with the bow tie ? '' I think about it , and I decide , you know , I have rather just be know as '' the guy who kill all you friend . '' he grin , pick up he gun . martha appear behind he . martha panty . johnny howl ( confuse , turn ) what ? martha shrug . the clown nose be casually pick out of johnny howl 's hand , and he turn back to see right , cover in blood , wear the nose again , on he foot , smile . ext . martha 's apartment build - STREET level Zeke come rush out to shotgun Steve , von and seven other guy , who wait by the car . zeke he 's up there , man , he 's - johnny howl come crash through a fifth floor window , landing roughly on a fire escape terrace . von gasp ; up on the terrace , johnny howl , start to shakily get up . ( continued ) 66 . continued : zeke ( cont 'd ) now what the what the fuck do we do ? pan over to the alley between building , where ... Mr. right pop out of the emergency stairwell , martha pull along behind he . they go to the edge of the alley , and Mr. right peek out at the man . martha what next ? right I do not know , I have never shot this many guy at once before . martha where 's you car ? right nod at the ramp to a underground garage ... across the street . martha ( cont 'd ) well , that suck . right yeah . Mr. right draw a revolver out of he coat , hand it to martha . right ( cont 'd ) here , take this . just point and click . martha I do not want to shoot anyone - right you will not have to if you do not want to , it would just , it would help a lot . you really should . martha ( laugh nervously ) yeah ? right yeah . Mr. right glance at a dumpster at the edge of the alley . ( continued ) 67 . continued : right ( cont 'd ) do you trust I ? martha stare at he . right ( cont 'd ) do you trust I ? martha ( quietly ) you never lie to I . right do you trust I ? martha smile , exhilated . back to the STREET ... the dumpster come roll out of the alley to the middle of the street , and Steve , Zeke , von and all four goons open fire on it . right , martha behind he , stroll out of the alley , a gun in each hand . as he walk , he shoot two of the goons , one in the shoulder and one in the head ; he continue fire randomly until the thug back off a little , then yank martha and spin she around , waltz- dip she behind the dumpster and kissing she on the mouth as dozen of bullet ricochet and spark off the steel . shotgun steve stop shoot , damnit , wait until we have a clear shot ! zeke fuck that , kill ’em , kill ’em ! back behind the dumpster , right and martha be sit side by side as right check the ammunition on he '' borrow '' gun . he push back he coat to reveal that he have two pistol holster on he hip , each with a small red button . right ( sing under he breath ) how 'dya do , mighty pleasant greetin’ , fine how be you , good to be repeatin 's , martha be that ... splash Mountain ? right yeah , it 's a good ride . ( continued ) 68 . continued : right press the red button on he dual holster , and the gun , apparently springloaded , launch straight up into the air . all the guy , exclude shotgun Steve , follow the gun with they eye . Steve grab von and duck down , as Mr. right pop up onto he foot . in less than two second , Mr. right have casually shot and kill four of the seven man , all , all direct hit to the head ; he toss away the '' borrow '' gun and catch he own gun as they fall back down , do a balletic twirl and then continue to shoot , catch the last three unnamed man , include the already injure goons , each with perfect center of the forehead shot . Zeke pop up , hold a AK - 47 , and start fire at random at Mr. right , who grab martha and begin a mad dash towards the ramp down into the garage . johnny howl , clearly furious , burst out of front door of martha 's apartment building , pull a saw off shotgun out of he thigh holster , and repeatedly fire as he walk further out into the street . Mr. right and martha disappear down the ramp , and johnny howl stop , turn and go to he car . von johnny what do we - johnny howl I get it . von remember johnny , we can not - johnny howl I get it . johnny start he car and slam on the gas , motor down the ramp . Zeke start to slowly advance with he AK - 47 . von look absolutely helpless , gun raise impotently . shotgun steve ( quietly ) fuck this shit . Steve go to the truck of one of the car , and take out a roll of flashbang grenade . we pan to reveal wally , slump super low in he seat , frantically talk into a FBI phone . wally no , all unit be not fuck occupy ; we have open gunfire in the fuck street , multiple casualty - ( more ) ( continued ) 69 . continued : wally ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) look , do the initial FBI even , do you even understand that ? yeah ? fuck ! well how about AK - 47 , do that ring a fuck bell !? int . underground parking garage - continuous johnny howl drive slowly through the parking structure , eye wide , search ; he have a certain animal countenance to he , he pupil bounce around like a angry wolf on the prowl . his car pass Mr. right and martha , who hide behind a concrete pillar . Mr. right hand martha he key , and silently point at the car , then make a '' go -around '' motion with he hand . she take a moment to understand , then nod , and right dive out from behind the pillar while martha run off towards Mr. right 's car . Mr. right run up the back of howl 's car , fire repeatedly into the roof , and howl slam on the gas and dive out the driver 's side . the sudden acceleration drop Mr. right painfully onto the ground , but he manage to hold onto he gun , fire dazedly at johnny , who duck behind a car . johnny 's car gently crash into the wall , and johnny pop out like a jack - in - the - box , advance on right and fire the shotgun as right scramble out of the way . right fling one of he empty gun , and it clip howl on the side of the head , cause he to stumble back and be hit by martha drive right 's car ! howl roll off the hood ; the impact be not too bad , but it be certainly enough to throw he into shock . martha ( roll down the window ) look both way ! right laugh . martha ( cont 'd ) bitch , you have to look both way ! right look deliriously happy as he scramble into the car . she slam on the gas . 70 . ext . martha 's apartment build - continuous right and martha start to come up the ramp , when something come roll down towards they . right ( eye wide ) martha cover you - there 's a blind flash of light and sound as the flash - bang grenade explode , and they go crash into a parking meter on the other side of the street , send coin everywhere . there 's a moment of silence , and then Mr. right drop out of the car , pain and daze , rub he eye ; martha 's be nearly knock out by the impact from the airbag . right ( cont 'd ) martha ... martha ... a flashbang roll up next to he . right ( cont 'd ) aw , dang . the flashbang explode in a flash of light and sound , and Mr. right stumble back , crawl desperately . shotgun Steve come out of nowhere , smash Mr. right with a baseball bat , knock he down . right , in extreme pain , turn and swat the bat out of Steve 's hand , grab he by the arm and slam he against the car . Zeke bull - tackle the daze right , but right shrug he off , slamm he body into the side of the car ; as Zeke raise he gun , right snatch it away from he , headbutt he in the face , and turn to try to shoot Steve , but Steve bashes he hand with the baseball bat , bashes he in the arm , and then raise the bat in the air to smash right 's skull as right flip out a switchblade when - bang ! von enough . von stand , hold the daze martha to he tightly with one hand , he smoking pistol raise in the other . right ( squinting ) Steve ? Steve stand very still , confuse . ( continued ) 71 . continued : right ( cont 'd ) Steve , be that you ? do you get I again ? and then he stop you , or ... ( to von ) Jesus christ , man , what be you do to this poor guy ? right kick Steve , in the chest , leap to he foot , roll across the trunk , and take cover behind the car . Steve and Zeke grab up they gun and fire repeatedly into the car , while von back up , drag martha with he . Mr. right smile , and von jostle martha and she gasp . right 's smile vanish , and he toss away the switchblade . johnny howl come limping up from the underground garage , as Zeke and Steve frantically reload . johnny howl ( tilting he ear ) cop . steve I do not hear anything - von Zeke , Steve , go start the car , the cop will be here any minute . Zeke run off to start the car . shotgun steve why be we take the girl ? we have get he right here - von just do it , Steve . johnny nod at the car , and von and johnny start back up . right call out to they . right you be a bad guy , be not you ? von stop , shouting back at the car . von what ? I ? you be a fuckin 's hitman , scum of the earth murderer piece of shit , and I be a bad guy . ( continued ) 72 . continued : right I be a murderer . but I be a good guy . you ... you be one of the bad guy . you be just a rotten , rotten person . von shake he head and smile . von i’' dve think you would be a little more tender with I , partner . martha ( waking up a little ) he ’1ll be tender when he 's fuck you in the - von viciously slap martha . right wince behind the car . Police siren be approach . johnny grab up one of the flashbang and bowl it towards the car right hide behind . right I be go to get you . von yeah , give it you best shot , psycho . right pop up from behind the car , motion as though he 's go to throw the switchblade , and then the flashbang come to rest at he foot . white flash . slam to black . ext . the cartigan lodge - night - later it 's a massive house just outside of the city , in a wood area . the three car approach , and stop at a gate . von lean out the window to shout back to Steve . von Steve ? shotgun steve ( annoyed ) yeah ? von wait out here , okay ? shotgun steve what ? why ? ( continued ) 73 . continued : von just wait the fuck out here ! shotgun Steve seem conflict , but then sigh and pull over he car next to the gatehouse as the other drive in . he light a cigarette , and then shake he head , frustrated , think . CUT to black . there 's faint , somewhat chaotic music . it 's pretty ; as though compose from ambient sound , woven together to form one flow song . it gradually fall apart , separate into individual sound , which lead to ... fade in : mr. right dazedly waking up ... ext . martha 's apartment build - later Mr. right blink , he 's face down on the asphalt . he see he clown nose sit only a couple foot away , and reach for it ; we hear dozen of gun cock . he look around ; there be eight police car park on the road , some with light on , and a mess of police officer , wally and Hopper stand behind the car , pistol and shotgun raise , train on Mr. right ; he 's cover in laser sight . right ( laugh ) think ... think you bring enough gun , fella ? hopper ( to a cop ) where 's the swat team ? we call a damn swat team , where be they - cop calm down , we have get he cover . Hopper look to wally , who pop a piece of nicotine gum into he mouth and chew it furiously . hopper we can not expect - — right hey ! hello , hey everyone ! Mr. right be stand , arm raise . ( continued ) 74 . continued : cop with a megaphone put you hand above you head . right they be up , yeah - cop with a megaphone you be under arrest in connection with multiple homicide - right ( laugh ) oh yeah , I do a whole bunch of that . cop with a megaphone you have the right to remain silent . anything you say can and will be use against you in a court of law . you have the right to a - right I do not , I do not need this . there 's a silence . right ( cont 'd ) you guy be not go to be able to arrest I , you do not need to read I this . Mr. right put on he clown nose . Hopper blink and flinch a little . hopper this be bad , this be bad . cop sergeant hit he with the gas . hopper no wait - two tear gas canister be fire out at Mr. right from grenade launcher ; he spin , catch they in he coat and then use it as a sling to fling the canister back at the police car , immediately rolling running forward into the smoke . all of the cop open fire at once , but he 's already too close , and a majority of the shot seem to hit they own car as he speed between they . the laser sight dance crazily in the fog of teargas , and we hear gunshot and sound of violence . ( continued ) 75 . continued : wally and Hopper stumble away from the car , frantically try to wave the tear gas away , when Mr. right abruptly rise in front of they . he wear a bizarre , vaguelly insectoid gas-mask . wally go for he gun , and right shoot wally in the thigh and grab Hopper by the shoulder . right ( overjoy ) agent hopper ! CUT to : a tv screen displaying a helicopter view of the STREET int . cartigan lodge - richard 's office - shortly thereafter the plush home office of Richard cartigan . Richard be stare at martha , who 's tape to a chair , bound and gag . he then look back to the tv , which show injure police officer be take out of the dissipate cloud of tear gas by paramedics . von stand in the corner , look fidgety . Bruce and johnny howl be nearby as always , wait , watch . richard ( regard martha ) explain to I again how this happen . von we have he pin down in he car , and she come out the driver 's side . Zeke grab she , and I and johnny try to chase he , but by then the cop be already show up and we skate the fuck out of there . richard ( beat ) von , could you come out on the porch with I for a moment ? von ( a little afraid ) yeah , sure . they go out onto the porch . martha watch they , then look to Bruce and johnny , who be stare intensely at each other . johnny howl smile . 76 . ext . cartigan lodge - continuous richie be scream at von . richard - and now he could come here ! von well that 's the plan man , if he come here we finish he off . he be hurt , we see - richard this man just kill fifteen of our guy ! von listen . Richard stare at von , surprised by he brother 's assertiveness . von ( cont 'd ) johnny and I have a plan . we ’1ll go out there , get the word out , throw up a hundred grand reward - richard - a hundred grand !- von of my own money , yeah , we will go out , beat the bush and get people armed . maybe drive up to sasatchee and get the drews in on this . you stay here , hold down the fort and I will take care of this . I promise this time . if I can not , then damn , I 'il take whatever you get for I . you can give I whatever you have get . Richard stare at von , think . richard ( shaking he head ) okay . okay , whatever , do what you - bruce ( 0.s. ) no . von what the fuck - von turn to find that Bruce stand on the porch behind they . von ( cont 'd ) you better shut you fuck coon yap or - ( continued ) 77 . continued : richard ( to von ) shut up . bruce it do not make sense to - von I say - Richard slap von. bruce Mr. cartigan , if we do not know where this guy be , we can not afford to leave this house . von how do you figure that ? bruce because this man be clearly more than we can handle . von I tell you , we hurt he - bruce but he get away . he be still up and run . Richard raise a hand , silencing von before he can start . bruce ( cont 'd ) it 's a impossible situation . he want that woman in there , yes ? do he know where we be now ? Richard look to von. von -.- no. bruce then why leave ? why not just take some time , find out where we stand . get on we foot before we get back in the ring . von well , at least let we go out to - richard no , Bruce be right . ( continued ) 78 . continued : von Richard , for fucksake , you be gonna let this jack - off tell you what to do now or ... von trail off as Bruce and Richard stare at he ; he seem deeply shake by something , and he flinch a little bit . von ( cont 'd ) okay . okay , fine . okay . okay . richard up the guard on the house . I want every single guy we can get in here tonight . and be sure you be quiet about it ; I do not want this nutcase follow the ant back to the queen , you know ? Bruce nod . as they talk , von look through the window , make very intense eye contact with johnny howl inside . he do not look pleased , and slightly shake he head . martha watch this silent exchange , and then stare at johnny howl . johnny howl look like we be go to be up past bedtime . CUT to : agent hopper drive he car . ext . storage facility - night Hopper flip he FBI badge to the guy at the check - booth at the edge of the storage facility parking lot , and the guy let he pass . we pan to reveal Mr. right lay along the bottom of the backseat , two gun press to Hopper 's chair . CUT to : mr. right outside he storage container . right be unlock the storage container , hold Hopper at gunpoint . right I really be sorry about this . I be probably go to have to shoot you , too . hopper ( more frustrated than scared ) shoot I , jesus christ . ( continued ) 79 . continued : right yeah , well , that 's the way the cookie crumble . open the door . Hopper pull open the door , and the fluorescent click on , revealing all of the gun . hopper my god . right go in , keep Hopper at gunpoint . hopper ( cont 'd ) what be you go to do ? Mr. right smile . as hopper talk : Mr. right go through the container , keep he at gunpoint , pick up a sniper rifle , a m - 16 , a string of grenade , and two miniature bounce betty land mine . hopper ( cont 'd ) they take she , do not they ? ( beat ) they take she . and you be , what , you be go to go after they ? or , no , you be go to leave , like you do in Bosnia , just disappear , or ... ( as right pick up the m - 16 ) you be go after they . of course . '' Love , '' right . Francis , we can help you . we can . I mean , we can even grant you amnesty , we can use you , even put you in Witness Protection , not that you need it . we do not like the cartigan any more than you , and we certainly do not want any harm to come to martha . we can fix this , Francis , and I be not lie . we can turn this around . minch , damn it , listen , this be not the piccolos you be deal with , this be dangerous man . Mr. right approach Hopper , flipping off the light and put on the clown nose in one motion . hopper ( cont 'd ) ohchrist . right I like to wear this nose . the nose help I think . ( more ) ( continued ) 80 . continued : right ( cont 'd ) it do not mean I be go to kill you , and I know you be not as afraid as you be act , because I know that you know that I only kill total asshole . now , be you a total asshole ? hopper ( quickly ) no. right then what the fuck be you so scared of , Bart ? Hopper stay still . hopper you know who I be . right yes . hopper you know I have be follow you , you know - right yeah . I mean , I do not mind , I feel like we be friend , you know , hang out . like you guy like I and want to just chill with I and stuff . you and wally , sure . ( bite he lip ) shit , I should not have shot he , shit ! right punch the side container , which bang loudly , cause Hopper to flinch . right ( cont 'd ) he 's just really quick on the draw , and I could not take risk . I have to get to martha . Hopper stay still , think . right ( cont 'd ) something 's wrong . hopper what do you mean ? ( continued ) 81 . continued : right the douchebag let I go after practically scream at I that they have be in bonnville . hopper at the cartigan estate , sure . Hopper freeze . right smile . right oh , come on , I know you let that slide on purpose . you do , do not you ? do not you ? well , regardless , I be gonna pretend like you do , because it make I want to shoot you less , and you have to understand that I love shoot people . ( beat ) so ... you up for a drive ? Hopper look terrify . int . cartigan lodge - drawing room it 's a intimate , lavish draw room on the second story of the cartigan estate . von come in , look piss off and nervous , and johnny wheel in martha , still tie to the chair . martha watch both of they intently as they frantically talk back and forth . von johnny howl fuck , we be fuck we be not fuck von johnny howl fucked , we be totally fuck nothing 's even happen , von johnny howl shut you fuckin’ mouth , you be gonna tell I to shut johnny , do not tell I my fuckin martha ( muffle laugh ) mrmmafmrm . von turn he head sharply to martha . johnny howl von , you - von sh , sh . what have you say ? ( continued ) 82 . continued : martha roll she eye at he . johnny howl ah , see , here , we can have some fun . von tear the tape of martha 's mouth . martha aghggghhh ... exhilirate . von , right ? you name be von ? and johnny quest ? von johnny Ho - johnny howl ( laugh ) she know , von , she 's just bein’ cute . von oh , you wanna be cute ? von slap martha . martha gasp , and sit still , think . von ( cont 'd ) what 's it like ? martha have ball ? von slap she . von I mean dating a psycho-piece of shit . martha ooooh , that , yeah . you know , I think we have a beautiful friendship , and I would not want to ruin it - von punch she in the mouth , but johnny howl chuckle . von glare at he . martha ( cont 'd ) I be not afraid of you guy . something 's up . you be try to run something here and it 's , it 's not work and watch you two sweat be so - von slap she again . she sit still , a little blood trickle from she mouth . after a moment , she speak . martha ( cont 'd ) nothing you could do would make I afraid . ( more ) ( continued ) 83 . continued : martha ( cont 'd ) Love be the emotion under all the other emotion . ( beat , make eye contact with von ) when the person I love arrive here , you better hope you be long , long go . because he 's go to kill you . and if he do not ... I will . von stare at she , and then look at johnny howl . von you wanna kill I ? martha well , they tell I successful people always set achievable goal . johnny laugh . von stand stare at she for a moment , very intense . martha ( cont 'd ) ( mock he ) qoooo . von smile , and martha laugh . martha ( cont 'd ) do not smile , man , it 's not funny in a way we can both laugh at . von abruptly kick martha , hard in the stomach , knock back the chair onto the floor . she cough and splutter while von straighten himself , and then stand , look down at she . von ( once she 's quiete down ) so tell I , not so funny now , right ? right ? how you feel now ? martha look up , pale , look somewhat frighteningly insane . martha I feel ... alive . von and johnny be silent . martha ( cont 'd ) do not you idiot get it ... kill I , I do not care , I do not care , I do not care . I would be wait for something to happen ... I have be wait for you . she look evenly at von , tear stream down she face . she ( continued ) 84 . continued : smile , blood on she tooth . von try to contain he horror . ext . cartigan lodge - country road - later - nearing dawn a long string of car be head towards the lodge . the front gate open , and the car pull into the gravel lot at the front of the house . we pan over on the road to reveal Mr. right and agent Hopper , sit in the government car . Mr. right be stare at the car as they start to park . hopper there must be twenty man in the car , more inside , all heavily armed . what can you do , Francis ? what be you go to do ? right ( casually ) stick you arm through the steering wheel . Hopper stare at he . right stair back . Hopper snake he leave arm up through the steering wheel . right ( cont 'd ) ( quickly ) I be terribly sorry about this . right turn , and kick the side of the steering wheel , crack it off and wrenching Hopper 's arm , trapping he . Hopper scream in pain , and right get out , walk swiftly towards the close gate . hopper Fucking hell , fuck ! Steve , still in he car just outside the gate , blink as right walk casually past . right ( put on the clown nose ) hey Steve . right pull he bizarre gas-mask down over he face , pop three tear gas / smoke grenade , one yellow , one blue and one purple , and hurl they towards the car . right hit the group of man like a tornado as they start to get out of the car , dance and skip and have a lovely time : ( continued ) 85 . continued : a man try to draw he gun , but right snatch it away , shoot two people , throw it back to the first guy , snatch another gun and shoot he , shoot that gun 's owner , and then slam he head in a door as he fall . right grab a man in waltz position , aim this way with he '' dance partner 's '' gun , shoot three more man , then shoot he dance partner and slide across and over the hood of a car . he land , poke the driver of the car in the eye , duck under a wave of machine gun fire , shoot the machine gunner , and drop two grenade into the driver 's lap . smoke have start to clog up , blur everything into swirl of color . right grab a man in a half nelson , take he gun , throw he into two other guy , shoot all three , roll , headbutt a man in the stomach and catch he drop gun out of midair . shoot a man behind he , shoot the headbutted man , and then the grenade go off , knock several man down . right do not flinch . he turn , shoot two more man , dance dodge a volley of gunfire , and shoot the last four of the thug as the smoke completely envelope the driveway . it be a beautiful , beautiful thing . int . cartigan lodge - drawing room - continuous the gag be back on , and martha have begin poke it with she tongue , push it off little by little . her skin have start to pale . von be stand at the window , stare out at the smoke . he 's badly chew he thumb nail . johnny appear in the doorway . johnny howl he 's here . von yeah , I see that . martha giggle through she gag . johnny pull von aside into a alcove as martha watch . johnny howl Front yard be a fuckin’ warzone . ( continued ) 86 . continued : von we sit on the dog , and we get bit on the ass . I know this would happen . johnny howl be you scared ? von I be not scared , I be just vibrantly aware of the fact that we need to get the fuck out of here , yesterday . johnny howl why do not we just kill he ? von kill who ? johnny howl both of they . burn it all . von think for a moment . von you think you can handle the clown ? johnny howl ( shrug ) I mean , it will be interesting , anyway . von so I should ... johnny howl yeah . there be more gunshot from downstairs , and von grimace . von I gotta get the gas . fuck this house . johnny howl you 'il have to go past he . Zeke run up to the door . zeke he 's inside . von stare at johnny , who nod . johnny howl stay sharp . ( continued ) 87 . continued : von ( grin ) Zeke , get Bruce . we be takin 's this guy down . von exit the room , out into the hallway , and we track with he as he 's join by several goons , then Zeke and Bruce join with several man , all armed , and they start to head downstairs . johnny look over at martha . martha wink at he . for once , he 's not smile . int . cartigan lodge - den - continuous the man walk down into the huge de , complete with a fancy wet bar . it 's connect to the foyer , and they see that yellow , blue and purple smoke have begin to flood in from the foyer . there 's the sound of nearby machine gun fire . zeke what be that ? where be he , in the garage ? bruce we have to get Richard out of the house . von fuck that , we end this nonsense here and now . there 's a explosion at the front of the house , and everyone be jolted . von ( cont 'd ) Fucking christ - two bounce betty slide in across the marble , come to rest at the foot of the group . bruce shit get down - everyone try to duck , but several man be still catch in the shrapnel as the bounce betty launch up and explode , shredd they to piece . everyone slowly get to they foot , aim they gun into the roiling , twist smoke . ( continued ) 88 . continued : zeke where be he ? where be he ? von start quietly back up to the back of the group . bruce shh. wait . close on : Mr. right 's eye peer through the scope of a sniper rifle . ext . cartigan lodge - front of the house - continuous shotgun Steve , out of the car , he eye on the house , be go through the injure , frantically organize people who be still mobile . shotgun steve come on ! come on ! we have get to get into the house ! back to : the den a large window to the right of everyone shatter , and everyone turn and shoot into the wood outside . von quietly duck away , exite the room , and then Bruce , annoyed by all the irrational shoot , turn and see that there 's a tiny bullet hole in the wall to everyone 's leave , just above a window . up on the balcony over the staircase , a quietly observe johnny howl notice too . he smile , but say nothing . Bruce realize what 's happen , but he 's much too late . bruce no , he 's Mr. right come crash through the tiny window behind everyone , smash into Bruce and pistol whipping Zeke across the face as he stand . everyone turn , but he 's already stand at the center of the crowd . the coward turn and run ; upstairs , johnny back into the shadow . it all happen blindingly fast : ( continued ) 89 . continued : right turn and grab a thug with two pistol in chest holster , flip they upside - down and shoot they up into he armpit , duck allow two thug to shoot each other , yank the pistol out of the chest holster , kick the body into the two man behind he , shoot they both , duck under a shotgun blast , kick the shotgun wielder in the knee , then grab he shotgun and yank it away , CUT to : martha sitting in the chair . martha listen to the chaos downstairs in the empty room , giggle gleefully through the gag . back to : right killing everyone . right launch one of he spring - load pistol into a man 's face , catch it as it bounce off , trip a man behind he , shoot he , shoot the guy whose face get bounce , blast the man behind he in the chest with the shotgun , and then hold the shotgun out , butt first , to the gunless thug who originally have the shotgun . they stand there like that . Mr. right take off he gas mask , and grin . right do you want you gun back ? gunless thug ... yeah ? right ( laugh ) psh , psych . he flip the shotgun around and blast the gunless thug in the face . Zeke abruptly stand behind right , try to raise he gun . right grab he by the wrist , twirl he , take the gun , twirl he again , tear open he button up shirt , place the barrel of the pistol sideways against he chest and fire . the bullet fire off into the ceiling . Zeke scream as the gun 's slide close on he flesh ; right shove he down , leave the smoking gun hang from Zeke 's chest as he shriek in pain . Bruce rush Mr. right , but right knock he away , and raise he gun at Bruce , who , presumably out of instinct , assume a karate pose . ( continued ) 90 . continued : they stand there like that amidst all the body . right ( cont 'd ) ( annoyed ) hey ! Bruce look confuse . bruce what ? right this be not fair . I do not know karate . bruce you have get a fuckin’ gun , man ! right well ... if I put down my gun , will you promise not to use karate ? bruce ..- okay . right toss away he gun , and Bruce immediately jump kick right in the chest , knock he over . right ( pain , angry ) that be karate , you be totally using karate - right try to get up , but Bruce catch he with several strike to the body . right abruptly headbutt Bruce , knock he back , and then Bruce roundhouse kick right in the face . right roll , wiping the blood from he nose and draw he dual pistol , as Bruce turn and grab a grenade , pull out the pin . Bruce spin , ready to throw the grenade , only to find that right have both gun point directly at he , point blank . Bruce freeze . right smile , and then notice the grenade in he hand . Bruce notice it too . they stand there freeze . right ( cont 'd ) get rid of the grenade ! Bruce , startle into action , quickly toss the grenade away , and it explode behind the bar , shatter all the bottle and blow the counter apart . Bruce stand stare at the destruction ; right look ( continued ) 91 . continued : concerned . right ( cont 'd ) wow. bruce ( in shock ) ohgahd . right you almost blow yourself up ! Bruce nod numbly , and start to fall forward , but right catch he . right ( cont 'd ) here , sit down . they sit down together . right ( cont 'd ) just take long , deep breath , in through the mouth , out through the nose . Bruce nod and try to regain control over he breathe . right ( cont 'd ) man , that be really scary . what 's you name ? bruce b... Bruce . right damn , Bruce , I think you be a goner . bruce ( weakly ) I think ... you be gonna shoot I ... right I be go to shoot you , but then you pull out that grenade and I be like , look at the size of the ball on this gu - the door of the room burst open , and eight man wield different variety of assault rifle burst in ; Steve 's reenforcement . time seem to freeze . ( continued ) 92 . continued : we see through Mr. right 's Pov as what look like permanent marker draw a '' game - plan '' on the man , number they and crossing they off , draw curve line to represent when and how they will raise they gun . it quickly draw a smiley face , and then - time unfreeze . before they can even fire a shot right stand and fire seemingly without aim , bang bang bang bang bang bang bang , go through the man like a shoot gallery , leave only one man stand as right run out of ammunition ; he be duck down when they come in , and run behind he compatriot . it 's shotgun Steve ; he roll and raise he rifle , the laser sight rest on right 's forehead . right ( cont 'd ) Steve ! ( smile ) I think that be you ! Steve stare at he ; right look up at the laser sight on he face . right ( cont 'd ) oh hey , you get I again ! right gracefully lurch leave , and Steve fire , but right have already lightning quick draw a deringer and fire a shot that plink off Steve 's rifle , knock it out of he hand . right straighten up as though nothing happen . right ( cont 'd ) you should not have hesitate . ( think ) Steve , man , get over here . Steve do not move , freeze to the spot . right ( cont 'd ) ( less friendly ) get over here . Steve quickly get up and go over to Bruce and right , whereupon right start smile again . right ( cont 'd ) Bruce , do you know Steve ? Bruce nod . right sit Steve down next to Bruce . ( continued ) 93 . continued : right ( cont 'd ) ( to Steve , quietly ) Bruce have just have a really rough experience , so I would appreciate it if you could sit and keep he company till I get back . um , if I get back . steve uh...yeah . right radical , thanks dude . right smile , and then race off through the door and out of sight . Steve and Bruce sit in silence , and then Steve turn and look at the body of the other goons . he let 's out a muffle nervous chuckle , and then Bruce start laugh . they sit there laugh together . int . the cartigan lodge - drawing room - continuous martha , sit alone , hear movement outside . she continue push the tape with she tongue as Richard enter from a side door , hold a revolver and a duffle bag . richard stupid motherfucker try to - the door burst open , revealing Mr. right . Richard stare at right ; right stare at Richard . martha finally spit off she tape gag . martha if 's a set -up , they only kidnapped I to get you to kill he ! right stop , freeze , listen . richard ( horrify ) what ? martha it 's johnny howl and you brother , they , they use I as bait to - johnny howl that 's enough of that . ( continued ) 94 , continued : everyone turn to see johnny howl hold a mp5 , but he 's too close to right to get a shot off . right smashes the mp5 away and howl end up blast the entire room with gunfire . Richard rush out , and right turn , spin johnny howl , and throw he violently over the banister out in the hallway , and down the stair . right hurry back in , rush to martha and kiss she . though clearly in pain and physically and emotionally exhaust , martha laugh . right ( aghast ) Jesus , what have they do to you ? martha just hit I a couple time - right look crazy intense . martha ( cont 'd ) what , you be go to kill they more than you be already go to ? come on . right ( sigh , laugh ) yeah that 's silly . martha I would really like to leave . right no , yeah , definitely . right stare at she ; he 's overwhelm to be back with she again . martha you just like I tie up . right shrug , smile , and then start cut she free . int . the cartigan lodge - richard 's office Richard come in , only to find von pour gasoline out of a can onto everything in the office . richard clevon , what be you - von cartigan toss the can at Richard cartigan , knock he back a little , then draw out he pistol and shoot Richard three time in the chest . ( continued ) continued : there 's a silence , and Richard slump back against stare at he . von you fuck idiot . ( beat ) you be a fucking idiot , you know that 95 . the wall , richie ? smart richie cartigan protect he brother , smart richie cartigan gonna be head of the family , smart richie cartigan always in control , and I fuck up . even now , I fuck up . Richard stare at von. von ( cont 'd ) see , you be too smart . I think I be smarter than you , that be my mistake . I be there when he kill the piccolos , and I think , here , I can use this , I can use this . richard I do not ... I do not ... von do not you get it yet ? Bobby yatsuda do not kill Minkin , I and johnny do ! yatsuda probably do not even know it happen , it be all a part of the plan to bring in the grim reaper out there , to bring he gift wrap to you . but no , you be too fuck smart ; even when we readjust , we use the girl , we try to bring he here , you corner we , trap we in the fuck house with he , and now look what you make I do ! look what you make I do ! richard you ...are so ...fuck ...stupid . von yeah , I get that a lot . von shoot richie in the head . int . cartigan lodge - hallway - continuous right slowly lead martha as they creep down the hallway and down the stair , talk as they go . martha why be we go so slow ? ( continued ) continued : 96 . right less guy , now . in all the chaos it 's easy to just pass through people , because no one 's sure what they be aim at . but once you be a target , alone , you have get to be careful ; if someone pop out it can really screw you up . that big guy scare the crap out of I . martha johnny howl . right what ? martha his name be johnny howl . right that 's a stupid name . martha I know , right ? right and he make fun of my nose . martha I think the nose look good . right ( delighted ) really ? they reach the bottom of the step . martha yeah , I like it because it kind of make it feel like everyone 's have a good time . right well , ideally they be , it 's just - wham ! right be hit full in the face with a baseball bat , and he crash to the floor . johnny try to hit right again , but martha stomp on he foot , snatch away the bat and bunt he in the neck . johnny sputter , cough , and then von cinch martha in a headlock from behind , choke she and hold a gun to she head . ( continued ) 97 . continued : von kill he , kill - von and johnny realize that right be go , a trail of blood lead off into the darken library . von ( cont 'd ) johnny , I ’1ll get a car , you - johnny howl ( half - calm , half - furious ) I have get it . von drag martha off , and we walk with johnny as he go to the door ... int . cartigan lodge - library the room be dark , light only by the deep blue early morning light come in from the big floor to ceiling window . the room be cluttere with furniture ; the place be be use for storage , with almost no book on the shelf . Mr. right could be anywhere . johnny howl pop some gum into he mouth , and walk slowly through the room , mp5 against he hip . it 's near to completely silent ; the only sound be he gum smack as he chew . he slowly survey the room , and he laser sight come to rest on a mirror . he bounce the aimer back onto he forehead , look at he bloody reflection . johnny howl ooh , you be a bad man johnny howl . johnny fire a single shot into he reflection , shatter the mirror . there 's a silence , but johnny detect a tiny bit of sound . johnny howl ( cont ’d ) ( smile , surveying the room ) alone at last . int . cartigan lodge - garage - continuous von drag in martha , and stare at the car ; roll royce , ferraris , bentley , all machine gun to piece . Mr. right 's m - 16 lay discard on the ground . von you motherfucker , you motherfucker - martha laugh , and von slap she in the face . ( continued ) 98 . continued : von ( cont 'd ) out front , the car out front , right , right . von yank she along as they head out . int . cartigan lodge - library - continuous johnny look around , think . johnny howl ( loudly ) how 's you head ? right ( 0.s. ) ( from somewhere in the room ) I do not know , how 's you neck ? johnny chew for a moment and then smile . johnny howl well , better now . johnny turn and start unload into a big oaken table , which abruptly flip up and knock he off balance . right dive out as johnny continue to fire at he . ext . cartigan lodge - slope - continuous it 's a slope into the wood behind the house . there 's silence , and then johnny and right come crash through the big window at the side of the game room . they plummet ten foot down to the ground , thud , with right have the worse landing . they lay there motionless several foot apart , surround by break glass . johnny howl slooooowly stand up as Mr. right force himself to he knee . howl grab right by the back of the head and knee he in the face , break he nose . right agh ! johnny howl bingo , baby ! johnny howl , clearly in pain but mask it well , yodel out into the wood and listen to the echo . johnny howl ( cont ’d ) that 's bodacious , brother , let I tellya . ( continued ) 99 , continued : howl turn and brutally deck Mr. right in the already break nose , flooring he again . howl take a few step back , get a run start and punt right in he injured leg . right aaaaaaghhhhhh you ... you butthole ! Mr. right snatch up a particularly nasty shard of glass ; howl swing to punch he , and right grab he by the wrist and slashes the tendon on the inside of he right elbow . howl yowl in pain , and right ballet - twirl around he and slashes the tendon behind he knee . as he fall , howl turn and punch right in face , knock out one of he tooth . Mr. right fall , lay still , and johnny howl breathes heavily and swear , unable to get up . Mr. right roll over and smile at he . johnny howl ( furious , in agony ) Fucking ...faggot ... I be gonna fuck kill you ... Fucking rip you face off and watch you bleed ... shoot that stupid whore of yours and - right well , that 's enough of you , I think . right slowly stand up , look up at the climb back to the window , then back down at johnny howl , who continue swear and johnny howl I swear to god , you be dead , you a dead man - right shush . right swing a kick in towards johnny howl 's head , and we- flash to : von , drag martha along , out front of the house . over in the FBI car , Hopper see what 's happen , and frantically reach down to he ankle , where a small revolver be holster . he can not quite reach . von hurry the fuck up . ( continued ) 100 . continued : von wrench she arm again . martha shriek , and yank she arm away ; von turn , raise he pistol . von ( cont 'd ) I say hurry the fuck up ! martha ... my fuck arm ... von shove the gun in she face and yank she arm again , cause she to cry out in pain . in the car , Hopper continue to frantically reach for he pistol . von oh I be sorry do that hurt ? in the FBI car , Hopper finally manage to draw he gun when - martha ( cry , eye wide , horrify , look down the driveway ) what the fuck be that !? von turn to look , and martha abruptly snatch he gun away in the style of Mr. right . horrify , von throw up he hand and she shoot he through the leave hand , the bullet then hit he in the shoulder . von ( stumbling back ) agh , fuck ! martha ( psychotic ) oh I be sorry do that hurt ? martha raise the gun and shoot he point blank three time in the chest . von stagger and collapse against he car , slide down onto he side . he lay there , pain , struggle to breathe . martha start to walk away , then stop and turn around . martha ( cont 'd ) ( furious ) I tell you this would happen , do not I ? I tell you but you do not take I seriously , nobody take I seriously , so now you fuck die for it . von stare after she as she get closer to the house ; he start cry . ( continued ) 101 . continued : martha ( cont 'd ) ( call back to he over she shoulder ) asshole ! over in the FBI car , Hopper stare , lowering the gun . hopper ( quietly , in pain ) well , I ’11l be damned . von slump forward . CUT to : mr. right 's hand on the window ledge . int . the cartigan lodge - library —- continuous right be gradually pull himself back up into the window into the now empty , corpse-cover room . he make it , and then lay there on the floor , panting . he hear a gun cock . Zeke stand over Mr. right , smile down at he , gun draw . he keep one hand over bloody burn / clip wound on he chest . zeke see , man ? that 's why you gotta follow through . no mercy . he press the gun against Mr. right 's head , and Mr. right cringe . right oh ... martha ... zeke fuck she . this be you fault . you leave people alive , and it 'il always come back to bite you in the ass . CUT to : martha running down the driveway toward the house there 's a gunshot , and then another , and martha let out a little scream as she rush back towards the house , hold von 's gun . she get to the front door ; it 's lock , and she scream again . back to : the MAIN room ( continued ) 102 . continued : Zeke stand over Mr. right , he gun smoking . we pan to reveal a smoking hole in the floor , under he gun , next to right 's face . there 's also a hole in Zeke 's back , which we notice as he slowly turn around ; he have a daze look on he face as he fire the gun off into the ground several more time . we pan to reveal Bruce and shotgun Steve . shotgun Steve lower he smoking pistol , Zeke collapse to the floor , dead . Steve look to Bruce , who half nod . bruce hey killer , you okay ? right ( groan ) no ... Steve smile . ext . cartigan lodge - moment later martha be bang on the door , cry uncontrollably , look psychotic . the door unlock , and she step back , raise the gun . there 's a tense moment as the door slowly open , revealing Mr. right , carry between Bruce and shotgun Steve . martha be hold the gun directly into right 's face . right ( daze , wounded ) oh ... hey martha . martha take a nervous look at Steve and Bruce , then immediately one - armed embrace and kiss right , smear he blood all over she . right laugh , and martha snort back tear . martha I shot von cartigan . right ( chuckle ) whoa , look at you . ( beat ) I have to go to the hospital real , real bad . martha oh yeah ? ( continued ) 103 . continued : right yeah . they kiss again . Bruce look to shotgun Steve , and mouth '' this people be fuck crazy . " Steve smile . fade to : later Hopper sit in the car , half asleep , and then wake up as a seemingly endless stream of police car pour by , siren on . a couple of swat officer tap on the window , and Hopper just look at they , and then sort of shrug . CUT to : the back of the house . several officer , gun draw , approach johnny howl 's motionless body . he 's all cover in grey - white - black ash from the house . when he open he eye , they be bloodshot ; he look monstrous . johnny howl ( weakly , hoarse ) +.. the fuck be you look at ? fade to black . fade in : int . martha 's apartment - live room Elaine sit stare at something on the table , nervously tapping she finger on the side of she chair . there 's a knock , and she rush to let in tatiana . tatiana what 's go on ? elaine you have to see - tatiana on the phone you sound so - elaine just look , look , here . Elaine snatch up the thing off the table , and hold it out to tatiana . it 's a picture of a old style gothic cathedral ; she flip it over . '' ho 's before bros . love , the fugitive . '' ( continued ) 104 . continued : tatianna smile , and look up to Elaine , who be nervously smile as well . CUT to : a large scale projected photograph of shotgun steve Steve look good ; he 's have a haircut and a shave , and wear a tailore jacket . hopper ( 0.s. ) Steven Bradley gage . the projector click , and now display a equally well - dress / groom picture of Bruce . hopper ( cont 'd ) ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Bruce Christopher Cooper . int . FBI briefing room —- continuous Hopper , he arm in a sling , stand in front of a large projection screen in a room full of agent . wally stand at the back , chew he gum , lean on a crutch . the slide change accord to what Hopper discuss . hopper this two man , within the last month , have settle into control position of what be formerly the cartigan crime syndicate . now , they rise to this position be of course facilitate by the massacre at the cartigan estate in bonville , where Francis minch and martha mckay evade capture after kill all remain member of the cartigan family . now , as you know , the immediate capture of minch and mckay be the priority of this task force , and over the next couple of week we be go to learn everything we can about they . ( beat ) as most of you know , I have be demote to advisory status on this case , so for a more complete briefing on the situation , and we pursuit strategy , I be go to direct you upstairs to agent hirschfeld . all the agent nod and start put away they thing . Hopper look sad . 105 . int . museum in prague - concurrent it 's the main entrance hall of a new museum ; the exhibit be still be construct . martha , she hair grow out a little and dyed black , be sit up on a scaffold , direct czechoslovakian as they assemble a tyrannosaurus . martha ( subtitle ) the jaw ! his jaw be too high . czech worker ( subtitle ) miss cumberbund , how do we - martha ( subtitle ) just turn the screw on the side . there , you get it ; yeah . do you recognize the shape of a head , sort of ? you know where the mouth would go on a head ? czech worker ( subtitle ) -.. on the bottom ? martha ( subtitle ) oy ...okay , just move the jaw into the crater socket and you should be - right martha . martha look down and grin . Mr. right wait for she by the front desk . martha rush down off the scaffold , and embrace he . martha hey babe , I think you be at work - right lunch break . I want to give you this . ( quickly , quietly ) I draw you this picture of a dinosaur . he hand she a picture of a dinosaur he draw she ; it show she lead a tyrannosaurus by a leash . martha ( sincere ) oh , this be so gnarly . right okay , I will see you at five , yeah ? martha yeah . ( continued ) continued : 106 . there 's a crash from behind they , and right quietly bow out . Hopper be czech worker ( subtitle ) I be sorry miss cumberbund ! czech worker 2 ( subtitle ) it 's rowley 's fault ! he drop the jaw , and we have be put it together for hour without - martha ( subtitle ) you guy , you guy ... ( beat , compose herself ) t- rex 's be totally awesome . can we please try to remember how totally unbelievably cool it be that we get to build a T - rex ? czech worker 2 ( subtitle ) ( quietly , look at the skeleton ) this be pretty cool . martha ( subtitle ) yeah . ( smile ) now pick up the jaw . CUT to : briefing room clean up he presentation area , when a young agent approach he . FBI agent hey , agent Hopper - hopper yes , weitz , what 's up ? FBI agent I be wonder if you would be willing to give I you own thought on the Francis minch situation . hopper well - FBI agent off the record . hopper ( smile ) off the record . right. ( more ) ( continued ) 107 . continued : hopper ( cont 'd ) well , I think we have get it all backwards . I do not think he 's on the run . CUT to : STREET in prague - dusk right wander down the road , much as we first see he , look serenely happy . hopper ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I think he probably just take mckay , fly somewhere he want to be and they have set up shop like nothing 's wrong . I think he 's in love , and he 's do with organize crime for now ; he 's probably sell car , a travel agent , I do not know . right walk past a alley , where a group of serbian thug be mercilessly beat on two man . right stop , casually eyeing the man . serbian thug # 1 ( subtitle ) ( notice right ) the fuck be you look at ? you want to get it like this two faggot ? keep walk ! back to : FBI briefing room FBI agent would you say he 's still dangerous ? Hopper just stare at he , very serious . his eye say it all . back to : the alley in prague the thug be still beat on the man , when they notice that right still stand at the mouth of the alley . serbian thug # 1 ( subtitle ) hey , I think I tell you to ... what the fuck be that ? we go back to Mr. right . he 's put on the clown nose . he smile . slam to black . end .