" mr . smith goe to WASHINGTON " screenplay by sidney buchman Story by Lewis R. Foster the capitol dome at Washington fade in . it be night , and the dome be flood in light . this view dissolves to the exterior of a newspaper Office window , see at night . the letter on the window , illuminate by a street light , be pick out with increase distinctness . they read : WASHINGTON post-dispatch . this dissolves into the night CITY editor' office , where a lethargic , eyeshade man behind a desk reach for the telephone which be ringing . editor ( mechanically ) desk -- ( then , perk up ) what ? Inside a phone booth in a Hospital corridor , where a nurse seat at the corridor desk be visible through the glass door of the booth , a man be telephon : reporter Senator Samuel foley --dead . die a minute ago -- here at St. Vincent 's . at the bedside be state political sidekick , Senator Joseph paine -- and we see the hospital office where Senator Joseph paine , a trim , rather dignify man of fifty - eight , occupy the desk of the nurse who stand by , be talk rapidly and agitatedly into a phone . paine ( into the phone ) Long distance ? Senator Joseph paine speak . I want the Governor 's residence at Jackson City -- Governor hubert Hopper . hurry -- the scene dissolves into a skim view of telephone wire strung over a vast distance -- and then into the bedroom of Governor and Mrs. Hopper , where the Governor and he wife be find in they twin bed , the room darken . the buzzer be sounding . Mrs. Emma Hopper , wife of the Governor , sit bolt upright in the dark . emma ( a shrew ) I know it ! I know a night 's rest be not possible in this house ! ( as the buzzer be hear again ) hubert ! hubert ( waking with a start , bewilder ) wha - -? yes , sweetheart -- wha --? emma that infernal phone ! hubert yes , yes -- phone , phone -- ( fumble for the light ) a - - a outrage , pet -- a outrage -- I will look into this -- ( seize the phone ) hello -- Joe ! -- what !-- no ! not really ! terrible ! emma what be it ? in the hospital room , we see paine on the phone . paine it could not have come at a worse time . call Jim Taylor . tell he I be take a plane tonight for home . in governor hopper' bedroom : hubert ( on the phone ) yes , Joe , yes -- right away . ( he hang up -- then lift the receiver again and begin to dial ) emma what be it ? hubert Sam foley --dead ! emma great saint ! hubert of all the time ! of all the time ! two month to the end of he term -- and foley have to go and die on we -- emma whom be you call -- in the dead of night ? hubert Taylor , my dear . emma can not that wait , hubert ? hubert no , no -- believe I , pet -- this be * most * urgent -- ( into the phone ) hello , hello . be Taylor there ? -- Governor Hopper . quickly , please -- emma this be not a home , it 's the crossroad of the world ! hubert now , now , Emma , dear - - you must not forget we have be choose by the people of this commonwealth to -- emma ( sharply ) save that for the lay of cornerstone , hubert ! ( groaning ) oh , that morning you look in the mirror and see a statesman ! hubert now , pet -- ( then , excitedly into the phone ) Jim ! in political boss taylor's room , we see jim taylor , a hard - bitten , taciturn , impressive man in he fifty . at the moment , he stand at a phone , in vest and roll up sleeve , a cigar between he finger . behind he , in a smoke - fill room , man be seat at a card table from which Taylor evidently have just rise . taylor what 's up , happy ? in hopper' bedroom : hubert Sam foley -- die tonight in Washington . Joe just call . can you imagine anything more --? in taylor be room : taylor die , huh ? well , take it easy , happy . be paine come ? -- good . keep you shirt on -- and you mouth shut . no statement . in hopper' bedroom : hubert ( into the phone ) y-y , Jim -- yes -- and now flash on the screen be newspaper headline of the follow morning -- announce foley 's death -- and finally such headline as : successor to foley to be name by governor appointee will fill out unexpired term of two month hopper' choice for vacant senate chair eagerly awaited the scene dissolves into the governor's outer office , in the morning . the office be full of people -- newspapermen -- dignify citizen -- woman -- all wait to see the Governor . a group be collect around the male secretary 's desk . two other desk be see with secretary at they . there be a undertone of talk . reporter if his excellency 's statement be go to make the noon edition -- secretary Governor Hopper say you would have it any minute -- a austere go name Edwards push toward the desk . edward ( firmly ) will you please remind the Governor again -- secretary he know you committee be wait , Mr. Edwards . ( raising he voice over the room ) the Governor will see * all * committee at the first opportunity . in the governor's private office we see hubert Hopper and mcgann , the former on the dictagraph , while mcgann lounge in a chair . hubert ( into the dictagraph ) yes , yes - - tell they I will see they immediately -- immediately ! ( snap up the dictagraph , turn wildly on mcgann ) I can not hold they off ! they want something to say about this appointment . ten to one they have get a man . mcgann relax , happy . Jim say to wait . hubert I * can not * wait , mcgann ! you go into that room and tell Jim Taylor and Joe paine that I give they * one more minute * -- mcgann ( quietly ) * you * tell Jim Taylor . hubert ( walk - - fume ) Washington ! always discuss the problem of Washington . nobody ever think of the State -- and my problem ! ( with sudden determination ) I * will * tell Jim Taylor . it 's high * time * I tell he a thing or two ! ( he push the door to a small ante room ) in the ante - room , Joe paine and Jim Taylor be on they foot , as happy insert he head . hubert ( angrily ) look here , Jim - - if you and Joe be go to gab about this appointment * any * longer , I be go ahead and see that committee ! taylor ( sharply ) you will see that committee when we be finish ! hubert ( meekly ) yes , Jim . hubert retire , close the door . Jim Taylor turn back to paine . taylor that happy Hopper be tougher to handle than a prima-donna . paine -- in other word , Jim -- with this willet Creek dam on the fire -- the man who go to the Senate now in Sam foley 's place can not ask any question or talk out of turn . we must be absolutely sure of he . taylor that 's why I say Miller -- Horace Miller . he jump through hoop for the machine before we move he up to the bench . he will take order . paine Jim --suppose we do not try to go through with this willet Creek dam -- suppose we postpone it until the next session of Congress - - or drop it altogether -- taylor that would be a crime -- after all this work -- get it bury in this deficiency Bill as nice as you please -- approve -- all ready to roll -- paine how much do the willet dam mean to you , Jim ? taylor Joe -- I have get a lot of people to take care of in this State . paine I know , but be it worth the risk of a scandal now that a new man be go to the Senate ? taylor Joe -- what 's the matter with you -- where you be concerned , I would not take the slight risk --'specially now after the great reputation you have make in the Senate . why , look at this campaign I have start for you in all my papers . you be the logical man from the West on the National ticket -- at the convention , anything can happen -- there be a pause while Joe look at a newspaper . taylor Joe , that 's come a long way in twenty year since I meet you practise law down there in Main Street . paine Jim - - if what you say about the future be remotely possible -- why not do as I say -- drop thing like this dam ? taylor we can not drop it now , Joe . we buy the land around this dam and we be hold it in dummy name . if we drop it or delay it -- we be go to bring about investigation , and investigation will show that we own that land and be try to sell it to the State under phoney name . no , Joe , in my judgment the only thing to do be push this dam through -- and get it over with . paine well , then appoint Miller - - if you be sure he will take order . taylor do not worry about Horace - - he will take order . come on -- he go to the door quickly , follow by paine . in the governor's private office , as Taylor and paine barge in , happy hubert throw he hand up . hubert well ! thank Heaven ! the dictagraph buzze . hubert ( shouting into it ) one minute ! just one minute ! taylor happy , we have get the man . Horace Miller ! hubert Horace mill --! mcgann ( leaping up ) terrific ! a bear stooge ! Horace will perform like a train seal . hubert Jim -- if I fling a party man like Horace in the face of that angry committee -- taylor happy , for reason there be not time to go into - - it 's get to be Miller ! we have give you the man . now write the ticket . ( move to the door ) come on , Joe . come on , chick . hubert ( follow they ) now , wait fellow -- great heavens . I have get to see that angry committee first -- feel they out a little -- work for harmony - - harmony . mcgann harmony -- and Horace Miller . the scene dissolves to the governor's office , full of committee people , arrange in row of chair , closely pack together . hubert , at he desk , be address they . hubert ( spread the old oil ) gentlemen - - in consider the candidate who might answer to the high qualification of United States Senator - - there be one name that shine out like a beacon - - one I be sure you will enthusiastically approve -- the honorable * Horace Miller * . a minor bedlam break loose . excite man rise and shout . voice Miller ! not Horace Miller ! a Taylor man ! the Veteran will have no part of he ! a party man ! one of Taylor 's tool ! give we a clean man for a change ! the New citizen 's Committee will not stand for Miller ! hubert ( smile sickly , wince ) -- please -- the scene dissolves to the governor's library in the hopper home , at night . hubert stand troubledly while Taylor , hat in hand , be tear into he and mcgann just listen . taylor they put up * they * candidate ? who ? hubert ( swallow ) Henry Hill . taylor * Henry Hill ?* that crackpot ? that long-haire --! why , you should have kill that so fast --! hubert I -- I could not , Jim . that man be -- taylor we can not help * what * they be ! forget them ! hubert Jim , that bunch be out for blood . if I throw Horace in they tooth now -- taylor I say forget them ! Horace Miller go to the Senate - - and that settles it ! hubert I * will not * send Horace Miller ! taylor * you will not ?* hubert I * will not * let you stand there callously and perhaps wreck my whole political future ! taylor * you * political future ! I buy it for you and make you a present . and I can grab it back so fast it will make you head spin . you get a nerve to stand there and worry about just * you future * when we be in this spot ! ( start for the door ) the man be --* Miller * . mcgann ( follow Taylor ; add dryly ) m-i-double l-e-r. the two be go , leave happy very unhappy . he stand for a baleful instant . the butler appear . butler Mr. Edwards of the citizen 's Committee on the phone , sir . hubert ( groan ) no ! I be out . I be sick . i--i -- ( collapsing ) I will talk . he pick up the phone . hubert ( brighten he manner ) * good * evening , Mr. Edwards ... why , I have the matter under advisement this very moment . now it be not a question of my *object * to Henry Hill -- by a phone , Edwards be see to be in considerable heat . edward ( into the phone ) Hill be the man every decent element want -- and * expect !* it 's Henry Hill , Mr. Governor - - or else ! in the governor's library , hubert be see wince . hubert ( swallow ) yes , Mr. Edwards . certainly . I shall bear that in mind . good night . he hang up , a picture of deepen misery , as Emma appear at the door . emma dinner , hubert . hubert ( absently ) I will bear that in mind ... what ? oh. dinner . Pet -- my stomach could not hold a bird seed . emma ( leave ) we be wait , hubert . the scene dissolves to the dine room . the Hopper family be seat at dinner . six child be around the table -- four boy range from nine to sixteen , and a couple of in - between girl . the butler be place the soup before they . hubert really , my dear -- I do not feel like a thing . emma ( over-ride he ) nonsense . peter ( " number two " son ) what 's the matter , dad ? be it get you down ? hubert be * what * get I down ? jimmie ( " number one " son ) you be in a deuce of a pickle , be not you , pop ? otis ( " number Three " son ) look like Henry Hill -- huh , pop ? peter naw -- it 's Horace Miller - - or else ! hubert choke on he soup . jimmie gee , I would not appoint a old twerp like Horace Miller -- Taylor or no Taylor ! hubert Taylor ! May I ask what * Taylor * have to do with it ? jimmie well , he 's still run the show , be not he , dad ? hubert Emma ! I will not have conversation of this sort carry on by the child at dinner ! emma nonsense . why do not you listen to you child for a change ? you might actually learn something ? hubert ( with sarcasm ) for instance , how to run the affair of government ? no doubt my child could make this appointment * for * I -- with the great ease ! jimmie that 's easy . jefferson Smith . hubert I beg you pardon ? peter Jeff Smith . he 's the only Senator to have . otis sure . he ought to be President . little jackie ( " number four " son ) I like Jeff Smith . hubert you , too ! fine. Fine . that 's everybody hear from . forgive my abysmal ignorance -- but I do not know jefferson Smith from a -- peter gosh , pop --head of the Boy ranger ! hubert oh , a * boy *! jimmy no , * no* , pop -- Jeff 's a * man *! Jeff Smith ! biggest expert we get on wild game -- and animal -- and rock . peter yes , and right now he 's the great hero we ever have . it 's all over the headline -- jimmy sure . do not you see about the terrific forest fire all around sweetwater ? hubert I do . what about it ? peter well , Jeff put that out himself . hubert himself ! jimmie well -- Jeff and the ranger . he be out camp with them -- and they save hundred of people and million of dollar -- otis and not one boy even scratch ! jimmie now , if you really want a Senator - - hubert I do * not * want a Senator . and I do * not * want any more of this nonsense ! Emma ! emma why , I think it 's very sweet of the child -- otis he 's the great * american * we get , too , dad . can tell what George Washington say -- by heart . a ' " Boy stuff 's " get the swellest stuff in it . hubert what stuff ? peter " Boy stuff . " that 's the name of Jeff 's magazine . he print it . ( pull one out of he pocket excitedly ) look -- here 's one -- oh , it 's great -- * everybody * read it -- all the kid in the State - - a million of them . look , pop -- let I read you a -- hubert Peter , I be in no mood to hear childish prattle ! jimmy prattle ! peter you be all wet , pop ! listen to this : ( flip back to a page ) " what make a man humane to man - - to give and not to take -- to serve and not to rule -- ideal and not deal -- creed and not greed -- . " how about * that * ? otis no , * sir * ! you could not do better , dad . hubert than what ? otis Jeff for Senator . hubert ( he anger rise ) Emma ! will you * please *--? peter ( leaping in on the attack ) want to get out of a pickle , do not you ? otis ( leaping right in , too ) always look out for vote , be not you ? peter yeah -- a ' here 's fifty thousand kid with two folk apiece -- and * they vote *! jimmie ( attack too ) if you want to do yourself some good in this State , dad -- otis if you be ever go to stand up like a man some day and tell Taylor to go to -- emma otis ! hubert ( rise frantically ) that settles it ! I will not be attack and belittle by my own child in my own home ! my nerve be strain to the break point ! he throw he serviette down and rush from the dining - room . emma hubert ! little jane papa 's mad , mama . the scene dissolves to hubert Hopper 's study , at night . hubert be pace miserably as Emma enter , carry he dinner on a plate and set it down on he desk . hubert ( in quiet , heart - break appeal ) Emma ! I be a man at the end of he rope . emma no wonder -- without you dinner . hubert Emma , which be it -- Horace Miller or Henry Hill ? emma ( start out ) well , you child be very bright -- and * they * say jefferson Smith . and Emma , without pause , pass on out . hubert be beside himself , and begin to pace again . hubert ( to himself , distractedly ) Henry Hill -- Horace Miller -- Henry Miller -- Horace hi--uh -- Henry -- then on a desperate impulse , he take a coin from he pocket and get ready to flip . hubert head --hill . tail --miller . he shut he eye and flip . the coin fall on the library table . he rush to it . his eye pop . the coin be see stand on edge , lean against a small stack of magazine and papers . hubert be at he wit 's end . then he eye travel over to the paper on top of the pile . we see the newspaper headline : grateful citizen pour gratitude on hero jeff smith hubert stare at this headline , then suddenly , wildly , dash for the door . the scene dissolves to a STREET , at night : a row of simple , white - frame house with neatly keep front year and white picket fence . Street lamp illumine the scene . a limousine have come to a stop before one house , jefferson smith be , and Governor hubert Hopper be alight . he pause to look at the house , be uncertain for a instant as to whether to go in or not ; then make up he mind , push through the gate and go up the walk . at the door , hubert pause again before knock , but finally do so . as he knuckle rap on the door , a terrific blast of band music , blaring instrument badly play . let go from inside the house . hubert , startle out of he wit , turn to run for he life and make two step when the door be open ; and there stand a smallish , somewhat gray , sweet - face little lady ( Jeff 's ma ) . the music go on , so that both have to raise they voice above it . ma I * think * I hear ... yes ? hubert uh-- jefferson Smith 's residence ? ma yes . come in . hubert be --uh -- jefferson Smith at home ? ma certainly . step right in . in the sitting room of the Smith Home , a neat , cozy room , there be about twenty kid , range from nine to fifteen , imitate a band . a older boy be lead they . they be of all description of dress ; some in poor clothes -- one with he leg in a brace . hubert edge into the room dumbfounded . ma ( loudly above the music ) I will call Jeff . he 's back in the shop -- she start across the room . hubert remain , disconcert by the music . suddenly , he look off into the adjoin room with curious interest -- and also to escape the music , he move toward it . the adjoin room the hubert enter be a office . it contain everything from a roll - top desk cramme with mail , to a small power printing press -- to short - wave radio equipment . it be a beehive of activity , with some eight or ten boy work like the seven dwarf -- printing card on the press -- tie copy of " Boy stuff " into bundle -- tinkering with the short - wave set . hubert be set back on he heel by this unexpected sight . he note the little placard frame on the wall , bear the word of great man , and such admonition as : " when there 's a edge - - give it to the other fellow . " " when a man die he clutches in he hand only that which he have give away during he lifetime - - " -- Jean Jacques rousseau . " no man be good enough to govern another . " -- abraham lincoln . " you have get to do you own grow , no matter how tall you grandfather be . " he note the boy work at the radio - - other work at the desk -- while all the time , the little power press go on . suddenly ma return , follow by jefferson Smith -- fine look , rangy , youthful - - at the moment wiping some white substance from he right hand . jefferson good evening , sir . I be just make some -- ( then , astoundedly ) Governor Hopper ! ma well -- I will go to halifax ! suddenly great excitement ensue . jefferson boy ! attention ! Governor Hopper ! the little fellow drop what they be do and come to attention while Jeff dive for a chair and whip it around . hubert now -- now -- please -- that 's quite all right . relax , boy -- jefferson ( at attention ) this -- this be a great honor , sir . I -- I -- hubert not at all . I have come to pay you a personal and official -- and I might say - - a * tardy * tribute , Mr. Smith , for you recent heroic conduct . jefferson oh , now , I be afraid that 's be exaggerated some -- hubert no . no . a signal service to the State . yes , indeed . and not only that but -- uh -- I have hear of you excellent work in lead and guide we youth -- jefferson well -- that 's not work , sir -- that 's fun . hubert no doubt . no doubt . and this fine little paper -- " Boy stuff " -- with , I dare say , a *enormous * circulation in the State . ma well -- it start with a little mimeograph sheet -- and it 's just grow out of all sense and reason -- hubert excellent ! excellent ! my boy , I be convinced we State have a great debt of gratitude to you -- jefferson oh , now -- ma jefferson -- jefferson yes , ma ? ma Excuse I for interrupt , Governor , but -- ( to Jeff ) -- that plaster 's gonna harden any second , son . jefferson ( on edge ) gosh ! you see sir -- I be fix some plaster for a cast on amo ' leg - - he 's always chew them off . I will only be a minute - - if you will excuse I , sir - - hubert by all mean -- by all mean . Jeff exit hurriedly . ma maybe you would like to come along and watch , Governor ? jefferson 's do a wonderful job with that leg . hubert why , of course . ma start out after Jeff -- hubert follow . he descend the few step after she . the pet shop , which ma and hubert enter , be a crudely build room , another addition to the house proper . the instant they set foot inside , the damnedest furore break loose -- dog bark -- parrot scream , until hubert be about to lose he mind . Jeff be place he plaster on the center table and be step to one of the cage . jefferson ( call ) Jerry ! blackie ! queenie ! let 's have it quiet , fellow ! ma ( call ) now , now , now ! ( to hubert ) it 's all right , Governor . she move toward the table -- hubert follow . hubert a pet shop ? ma well , it sort of get to be -- from Jeff just pullin ' splinter and thing -- Jeff pull down from a cage amo , a siamese monkey , and set he on the table . amo be fight fiercely . the cast on he leg hang down in shred . hubert , approach , be amaze and startle . jefferson start to pull the old cast from amo ' leg . jefferson ( to ma ) here , skinny , give I a hand . hold amo ' tail down so he can not get it around my waist . ma hold the monkey 's tail as direct -- or try to . jefferson ( to amo ) now , now , now -- that be not go to get you any place . get a firm grip , ma! ma Satan 's in this little fella tonight ! jefferson ( at work ) sorry about this , Governor . but it will not take a minute . you be say something in the other room , sir -- hubert well -- yes -- I be say -- the State should reward you -- jefferson aw -- hubert -- and it be in my power to confer a very signal honor upon you . in my official capacity , therefore , I -- jefferson ma! hold he ! ma I just can not , son - - not the head and tail both ! hubert uh-- could -- could I help --? jefferson thanks , Governor --* yes *! do you mind ? his head -- ma will take the tail . hubert the --head ? jefferson just get one hand against each ear there - - keep he face straight up . hubert timidly do as direct . amo yell -- hubert almost let go . jefferson amo ! ( to Governor ) hold ' im , Governor . that 's right . cinch he down . Fine --fine -- Jeff start to put the plaster on . jefferson what be you say , Governor ? sorry . hubert ( determinedly - - once and for all ) I say , sir - - in my official capacity -- as a honorary gesture -- I appoint you to the United States Senate ! it do not penetrate to Jeff that instant . jefferson now , amo , now -- ( then , as hubert 's word hit ) what ? ma what ? at this instant , amo wriggle he head and sink he tooth into the soft , white thumb of Governor Hopper . hubert ( yell ) ow ! he bit I ! he let go of amo , who wriggle and be nearly off the table . Jeff and ma make a dive for he . jefferson ( yell ) amo ! amo ! and , add to everything else , the pet shop go up in a roar . the scene dissolves to newspaper headline , a flaring , eight - column head read : governor hopper in surprise appointment and another headline ( with picture of jefferson Smith ) : hero jefferson smith be governor's senate choice the scene dissolves to the governor's library , in the morning . Taylor , mcgann , hubert and paine be present . taylor ( pound a newspaper in he hand , yell at happy ) -- a * boy ranger * a squirrel chaser - - to the United States Senate ! hubert Jim -- the answer to a prayer -- manna from heaven -- the man *we want * -- and the vote * we need *-- mcgann he 's batty ! hubert listen -- the simpleton of all time -- a big -ey patriot -- know Washington and lincoln by heart -- stand at attention in the Governor 's presence -- collect stray boy and cat -- taylor what ! hubert Joe --* you * know what I be talk about . the perfect man . never in politics in he life . would not find out what it 's all about in two * year * , let alone two month . but the important thing -- and this be the genius of the stroke - -* it mean vote *! mcgann oh --oh . hubert he 's the hero of fifty thousand boy and a hundred thousand parent . look at this congratulation pour in ! I tell you , gentleman , by this one statesman- like act , I have -- taylor ( deadly ) but you go ahead and make this appointment without ask I -- hubert Jim -- when the lightning hit , I -- I just -- taylor * but you never ask I *! hubert ( petulantly ) oh -- Jim ! paine wait a minute , boy . happy may have hit on something tremendous here . Rather than let Miller or anyone else in at this stage , we simply put blinder on this simple son of nature -- and turn he loose on monument . he 's completely out of the way in Washington , and as happy say , you make political capital out of it at home . taylor Joe -- do you mean to say -- do you think you can actually * handle * this -- this whatever - you-call - it in Washington ? paine ( quietly ) a young patriot ? -- who recite jefferson and lincoln ? -- turn loose in we nation 's capital ? I think I can . taylor ( after a pause ) chick -- turn the ballyhoo boy loose on this right away . greatest appointment ever make . a banquet -- declare a holiday . mcgann wow ! a star-spangled banquet -- and one of happy 's windy spiel -- music - - little kid -- the flag - - a tear - jerker from way back --! the scene dissolves to a montage , a series of headline scream approval of happy 's choice -- picture of happy with Smith - - of happy shaking hand with person after person in he office - - of Jeff Smith surround by boy in he home , cheer he , cluster around -- and adult shaking he hand -- of telegram come to he in stack -- of , finally at night , the Boy 's Club band in the street , march to a martial air , banner at they head read : " our own senator jefferson smith . " this dissolves to a banquet hall , in which hopper , see at close range , in white tie -- beam - - on he foot at the banquet table -- be address a assemblage . hubert -- in the hand of you Governor lay the power to confer a great honor - - to raise a man to the high office of United States Senator . and how do you Governor confer that honor ? the scene then reveal a great , horseshoe banquet table , crowded with lead citizen . at hubert 's leave and right sit jefferson and ma , Mrs. Hopper and paine . ma be see beam , while jefferson look daze and nervous . hubert voice do he give it to some wealthy or influential citizen merely to curry favor ? no ! ( as paine be see look down at Jeff ) do he give it to some unworthy political hireling ? no ! taylor and mcgann be see seat at one of the wing table -- to be out of sight . mcgann raise he eye to heaven for relief . hubert voice what * do * he do ? true to we party 's tradition -- edward be see listen skeptically . hubert voice -- he go down among the people -- ( warming to a climax , the banquet now in full view ) -- and there find - - a nugget ! a hero !! that be the spirit you Governor act in . and in that spirit we have come together tonight to acclaim and bid godspeed to -- Senator jefferson Smith . strong applause -- people get to they foot -- a band blare a salute . hubert motion Jeff to get to he foot . dry-mouthed , Jeff rise . the noise die out . they wait . jefferson ( simply - - slowly ) well -- uh -- thank you . I -- I sort of have a feel there 's be a big mistake -- I mean -- ( as gentle laughter greet he ) --i -- I can not think of a great honor . it be not just mine . it belong to all my boy . ( turn to paine ) sitting with a man like Senator paine -- I can not tell you how much great that make the honor . he and my father be very dear friend . paine , startle , be see look up at Jeff . jefferson' voice my father use to tell I that Joseph paine be the finest man he ever know . the applause startles paine . he look down , two place remove , to ma , who be lean over , smile at he . her mouth form the word : " hello , Joseph . " we again see the banquet hall in full view , as the applause stop . jefferson I do not think I will be much help to you , Senator paine . ( laughter from the audience ) but I * can* promise you this -- I will uphold the honor with all my might -- I will do nothing to disgrace the name of -- Senator of the United States . ( he sit down amid a storm of applause ) taylor and mcgann be see applaud mechanically . mcgann who would ever think I would be back in Sunday School ? the applause continue in the banquet hall . then , suddenly , a band start to play off scene . all head turn to the rear of the hall . the big door be push open and the Boy 's Club Band -- follow by more of Jeff 's boy -- come march in . the boy range in size from tiny fellow in front -- building back up , row by row , to the larger fellow in rear . they march into the middle of the table formation . the band play a march . the banqueter cheer . jefferson be eye be alight . the boy come to a stop , mark time , until the band stop . a little fellow -- Jackie Hopper - - step to the front . he be carry something wrap up . hubert and emma be see watch this . emma ( proudly ) Jackie ! taylor and mcgann be also watch . mcgann so help I -- it 's snow White and a thousand dwarf ! there be a silence in the hall as Jackie wet he lip and address Jeff . jackie ( stumbling and nervous with a memorize speech ) Senator jefferson Smith -- we be very proud on this great occa - - the Boy ranger take this oppor -- uh -- ( lift the package ) -- in token of they -- uh -- in token of this -- ( break off , ad libbing ) -- it 's a briefcase , Jeff ! all the kid pitch in ! it 's for to carry you law when you get there ! he rush forward and push the gift into Jeff 's hand . the banqueter then applaud vigorously . Jeff , speechless and touch , stand hold the briefcase . the band strike up " auld lang syne . " everyone stand up , and join the song . paine move from he place over to ma . ma be see sing -- as paine come to she side . she stop sing . they shake hand warmly . then paine , look at Jeff , pantomime : " be that the little shaver I know when he be this high ? " ma nod . she start to sign again , and we get another full view of the hall . the song be sung earnestly by the boy , the banqueter join it . jefferson have open the briefcase and be stare at it . it be see to be inscribe : senator jefferson smith our best ranger --our best pal jeff be look off at the boy -- he eye a little dim ; this be the most wonderful moment of he life . this dissolves to a Washington - bound train , on which we see jefferson and Senator paine . jefferson be fishing out of he briefcase a copy of " Boy stuff . " jefferson well , it be not much , but if you insist , here 's this week 's . ( he hand it over ) paine ( examine it ) " Boy stuff . " why , printer 's ink run in you vein , Jeff . you be just like you father . jefferson thank you , sir . paine even to the hat . same old dreamer , too . one look at you and I can see he , back of he old roll top desk , hat and all , get out he paper . always keep he hat on he head so as to be ready to do battle . Clayton Smith , editor and publisher , and champion of lose cause . jefferson yeah , dad always use to say the only cause worth fight for be lose cause . paine you do not have to tell I Jeff . we be a team , the two of we , a struggle editor and a struggle lawyer . the twin champion of lose cause , they use to call we . jefferson ma 's tell I about it a thousand time . paine his last fight be he best , Jeff . he and he little four- page paper against that mining syndicate and all to defend the right of one small miner who stick to he claim . you know , they try everything , bribery , intimidation , then -- well -- jefferson yes , ma find he slump over he desk that morning ... paine shot in the back . I be there . I can see he at that old roll top desk , still with he hat on ... still with he hat on ... jefferson I know . I suppose , Mr. paine , when a fellow buck up against a big organization like that , one man by himself can not get very far , can he ? paine no . the scene fade out . in the train shed ( Washington D.C. ) , we see mcgann , paine , jefferson , porter and bag . jefferson Washington ! mcgann yeah , for the fifth time , Senator -- Washington . jefferson my pigeon -- I better see about my pigeon . mcgann the porter 's get they . they be come . jefferson ( run out ) just a minute , I better make sure . mcgann ( to paine ) Boy ! my head 's like a balloon -- for two whole day . I never know there be so much american history . paine ( kid ) you can not find it in racing form , chick . mcgann Fine thing Jim Taylor wish on I -- show he the monument -- I need this job like I need ten pound . Jeff come back carry the pigeon . jefferson here they be -- I get they . they be all right . mcgann well , that end that crisis . this way , Senator . they exit . at the station : Jeff , mcgann , paine and porter walk in . Susan paine and three other girl rush in and kiss paine and Jeff . the girl carry little can or box with milk fund ribbon on they -- in which they collect money . girl hello , Father . I see he first . he 's mine --- Jeff be utterly confuse by the four girl try to kiss he . paine here , here , Susan -- this be Jeff Smith -- we new Senator . susan I do not care to meet anybody until I get pay -- come on -- come on . one dollar each , please , for the milk Fund . another girl if you do not pay quickly you will get kiss again . jefferson ( confuse and search in he pocket ) a dollar -- four dollar . gosh ! you would not settle for some key , would you ? paine here , Jeff , I will advance it for you . -- Fine introduction to the nation 's capital ! mcgann ( pull out a roll ) here , I will take a dozen of that thing . miss paine . susan ( take money ) thank you , mister mcgann , you have a very kind heart . mcgann " burn " at not be kiss . paine this be my daughter , Susan , and she friend -- Senator jefferson Smith . girl how do you do ? meet the new Senator . I think he would be a Ranger with a big hat . susan ( point at the pigeon ) what have you get there , Senator ? mcgann pigeon -- to carry message back to ma. jefferson just for the fun of it . -- you see the one that make it back home in the fastest time , I be go to enter in the national . susan wonderful ! another girl there 's romance in he . susan imagine have love note deliver to you by a pigeon . at this instant two middle - age man , slightly hard - face , name cook and griffith , descend on the party . cook Joe ! griffith hello , chick . mcgann h'ya , Carl - - h'ya , Bill ! paine Jeff -- meet Mr. cook and Mr. griffith -- member of we State headquarters here . cook and griffith fall on Jeff , wring he hand and again Jeff can not get a word in . he have put he pigeon down . cook great pleasure , Senator ! yes * sir * . great appointment ! you will do the old State proud ! griffith welcome , Senator . this wild life around here be a little different from what you be use to . they wear high heel ! hah ! hah ! paine well , let 's get start . Bill -- you have make reservation at the hotel for the Senator and chick -- cook all fix . same floor with you , Joe . susan ( with lift eyebrow ) how nice . paine all right , we will take Jeff with we -- susan I be afraid we will not have room in the car , Father . Senator Smith can follow with Mr. mcgann and the pigeon . jefferson sure . susan well , we * must * see a lot of you , Senator . come , Father . paine be be pull away by Susan . the girl , wave good - bye to Jeff , follow . griffith walk along a bit with paine . paine ( call back -- caution ) chick -- mcgann I have get ' im , Joe . be right along . paine and griffith be now see together . paine be you ready for he , Bill ? griffith all set . foley 's room in the Senate office building -- nice , big clean desk -- lot of Senator stationery to write he little boy on -- and foley 's secretary , saunder , to make it look like the real thing -- paine good . be the newspaper man at the hotel ? griffith yup -- sweeney , flood , farrell -- wait for you -- paine Fine . the first thing to do be -- present Mr. Smith to the press -- in the * right * way . hurry he along , Bill . griffith how do you feel , champ ? paine all right , why ? griffith you name 's spread like wild - fire out here -- you be the winterbook favorite to get on the National ticket . paine oh ! go away . newsmen come up with camera to photograph paine . jefferson , mcgann and cook be see together . mcgann all right , Senator - - let 's get this bag and the livestock together -- jefferson ( suddenly point ) look ! there it be ! mcgann what ? who ? we see what Jeff be point at -- the capitol dome , up on " the Hill " -- frame in one of the station portal . jefferson' voice the Capitol dome ! the group look at Jeff dryly . cook yes , sir -- big as life . be there some time now . mcgann yes , sir . ( busily , to porter ) all right , boy -- let 's go . Jeff have take a few step in the direction of the dome . griffith join they , and mcgann , cook and griffith start off with porter . mcgann this way , Senator . mcgann , cook and griffith be see move on , not conscious that Jeff be not follow . griffith say , we think -- maybe we ought to meet he in short pants -- you know -- with hatchet . cook point to the pigeon a porter carrier . cook what 's he bring pigeon for ? mcgann ( sour and sore ) what for ? why , suppose there 's a storm -- all line be down -- how you gonna get a message to ma ? cook and griffith give mcgann alarmed look . jeff be see , with he eye fix ahead , through the portal , on the dome ; he be draw unconsciously in that direction . mcgann , cook and griffith be approach the door to the outside . mcgann ( look back ) okay , Senator -- right through here -- they all stop dead . mcgann where be he ? hey , Senator ! what 's the matter with that cookie ? I * tell * he to --. come on , let 's find he . hey , Smith ! the three start back into the station . the scene dissolves to the station , where mcgann , cook and griffith be come together . cook positively not in the station ! go ! mcgann I will brain that guy ! well -- call paine -- call saunder -- Carl rush off . mcgann ( yell through cup hand ) hey --*ranger *! the scene dissolves to a phone booth , in which Carl cook be telephon . cook -- saunder ! Smith have not show up at he office there , have he ?... no ?... what do you mean ' the slip ' ?... what 's so funny ? in jeff smith's outer office ( senate office build ) saunder be on the phone . she be a girl in she late twenty -- pretty -- and a shrewd , keen , abrupt creature - - who , at the moment laugh mirthlessly . saunder nothing . have you try a butterfly net ? in the phone booth : carl Lay off , saunder . if you foot feel like mine ... listen -- if he show up there -- paine 's wait at the hotel with newspaper men-- let he know right away -- understand ? in jeff' outer office , saunder , on the phone , be regard diz Moore - - a fairly young , dishevel , freckle - face irishman , at the moment stretch out on the sofa . saunder sure . sure . I will hang a light in the steeple . one if by land -- two if by sea !... okay ! ( hanging up ) diz -- you will not believe it . Daniel boone 's * lose *! diz no ! the door burst open and a reporter call nosey stick he head in . nosey ( a fast talker ) be this new guy Smith here yet ? I want a little interview . how about it ? arrive yet --? saunder and diz ( together ) no! scram ! blow ! nosey slam out . saunder how do you * like * this ! you do not suppose that ranger meet up with some kid -- and take them for a hike ! diz that -- or he 's out blaze trail . he will show up . saunder sure --sure . he must have a compass with he . the scene dissolves to the station , where mcgann , cook and griffith be very tired man . mcgann ( mop he brow ) -- that dummy wander off and get hit by a taxi ! Bill -- call the hospital -- hurry up --! Bill run off , mcgann yell after he . mcgann and while you be at it , get I a bed ! cook let 's send out a pigeon ! mcgann blow a bugle ! the exterior of the capitol build be see , in the view from the Library of Congress side , show both wing of House and Senate with the step lead up to the massive column . spieler' voice -- and there you have it , folk -- the Capitol of the United States -- the home of Congress -- in front of the capitol , people in a bus be craning they neck out --* and we find Jeff among they *! a spieler be stand in front near the driver , speak through a small megaphone . spieler yes , * sir * ! you be look at the building where you law - maker have sit since the time of Washington -- in the bus , Jeff look at the spieler suddenly . jefferson since the time of Adams -- not Washington . spieler how 's that , buddy ? jefferson I say -- I mean -- Washington do not live to see it finish . Congress do not move here from Philadelphia till eighteen hundred . spieler ( try to scare he out of he fact ) oh -- you be * sure * of that now ? jefferson yes . Washington laid the cornerstone though -- wear a apron for the ceremony that be embroider by Madame Lafayette - - spieler ( interrupt ) yes , * sir*. ( quickly to driver ) let 's * go * Henry . the driver throw the bus into gear as the spieler give jefferson a dirty look . spieler now , on you right , folk -- you see the Library of Congress -- all head turn to look out of the right side of the bus , and the exterior of the congressional library be see as the bus move along . spieler' voice -- great library in the world . five million book and two and a half - million map , chart , and musical composition -- in the bus , jefferson , see closely , be look at the building in a awed manner . jefferson you leave out the most important thing ! that 's where you see the constitution and the declaration of Independence ! the spieler be see get pretty sore at this kind of thing . spieler as the gentleman say -- without anybody ask he -- that 's where you see that original , priceless document -- the constitution and declaration of Independence . ( to Jeff , sarcastically ) much oblige , my friend . you be a great help to I . let 's * go* , Henry ! the scene dissolves to a series of view ( a TRAVEL montage ) of the Washington monument as Jeff see they -- he amazement and reverence on see the Supreme Court Building , the White House , the Washington monument , constitution Avenue , and so on . then the lincoln memorial come to view and jeff be see walk up the step -- eye fix ahead wonderingly . soon he approach the top step and now he be on the floor of the shrine . suddenly he stop dead , and the full figure of lincoln come to view -- the huge , overpower figure , seat in that great armchair . it be a almost breathe sculpture of the great , humane man , look out . jefferson , see closely , be over - awed and reverent , look up at the face . with mechanical step he come forward , against a background of enormous column which shed a powerful solemnity upon the scene . he come forward slowly and stop , and the word on the statue appear : in this temple as in the heart of the people for whom he save the union the memory of abraham lincoln be enshrined forever jefferson have he heart in he mouth . his head turn slowly to the leave . on the left wall , the second inaugural address of lincoln , carve in the stone , appear , and jefferson be head turn back to lincoln . he quote in a half - voice -- look up as though he hear lincoln say it : jefferson ( softly ) '-- with malice toward none , with charity for all -- with firmness in the right as God give we to see the right ... ' he break off and turn he head to the right . then at the right wall , the gettysburg address , carve in stone , appear , and jefferson , turn back to the figure of lincoln , again recite : jefferson ( softly ) '-- that this dead shall not have die in vain -- that this nation , under God , shall - - ' lincoln' figure be see at close range as jefferson 's voice come over . jefferson' voice '-- have a new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people , by the people , for the people -- shall not perish from the earth ... ' while jefferson say this word and while we hold on the face of the man who uttere they the scene dissolves slowly . jeff' senate outer office be see at dusk ; the light be murky . saunder be pace a groove in the carpet ; diz Moore be still recline on the sofa . diz get on to dinner , be not it , pal ? saunder ( grimly ) I give that Trail blazer five more minute to show up -- ( turn on the desk lamp viciously ) --* five more minute *! the phone ring . saunder ( indicate the ringing phone ) well -- who d' you take this time -- paine , Bill , Carl - - or mcgann ? diz hey -- you be into I for a buck already . I say -- mcgann . shoot the whole dollar . saunder okay . for the dollar , I give you mcgann * and * Bill and Carl . I get paine . ( pick up the phone ) hello ... oh , yes . saunder do a ' gimme ' gesture at diz . saunder no , not yet , Senator paine - - not hide nor hair of the man . you mean to say the boy have not --? diz eight to five Little Boy Blue be plaster . saunder ( into the phone ) well , why do not they try the police -- get some blood hound -- or indian guide -- in a corner of the paine HOTEL apartment , paine be on the telephone , and be smile . paine as a last resort , maybe ... now wait , saunder - - you * can not * leave there ! the one place he know in this city -- be the Senate office -- and you stay there and wait ... it be not * that * late -- in jeff' outer office : saunder ( into the phone ) all right -- then another half hour . just * one * half hour , Senator . Goodbye . she hang up angrily and storm away . saunder why do not I quit ? why do not I pick up and walk out of here ? she pass diz , grab the dollar bill which he hold up like a torch -- and go right on talk . saunder tell I why ! diz ( look at he empty hand ) well , because you be do all right at the minute . saunder when foley die , why do not I clear out ? how many time , do you hear I say I be feed up on politics and --? but *no *-- I let them talk I into stay . Secretary to a leader of little squirt . why ? because I need the job and a new suit of clothes . diz would you settle for a husband ? saunder ( absently - - walk ) what 's this , diz ? diz that old stand offer from diz Moore -- Poet of Washington correspondent . saunder ( absently ) huh ? diz you know -- Mrs. diz Moore . she be walk furiously , she mind only half on what diz be say . saunder oh -- that again . yeah . diz ( flatly ) I would cherish you -- and stay sober . saunder diz , you be a swell playmate -- but --. maybe if I see you once with you hair comb , or something -- or - - no , no -- I do not think even that would do it -- diz ( resign ) well , if you be sure it would not -- no use comb my hair for nothing . saunder no -- do not do it . I be sure . the truth be , diz -- there 's no man I have see yet or -- must be something wrong with I . I have be feel low for week . diz you get worm . saunder what ! who ? diz you know -- little worm -- ambition . saunder yeah . should have see I seven year ago -- when I come to this town . * now * what be I ?-- chambermaid to the pied piper of Jackson City ; * honorary * appointment ! scratch this thing a you will find they want a dope here for two month . there be a knock on the door . saunder ( yell angrily ) yes ! the door do not open at once . saunder yes ! the door open slowly and jefferson 's head poke in . saunder what be it ? jefferson Office of -- Senator Smith ? saunder * no *! jefferson ( look at number on door ) the man downstairs say number -- saunder no ! startle and scared , Jeff back out , close the door . saunder ( to diz , pick up where she leave off ) yup -- they must have pick the prize dummy -- ( then , strike by lightning -- point at the door ) * wait * a minute ! that would not be -- * Daniel boone *! she make a beeline for the door , yanking it open . in the corridor , Jeff be gaze around at the door number bewilderedly -- when saunder appear . saunder ( excitedly ) what 's you name ? jefferson j- jefferson Smith . she make a run and a grab for he . saunder oh -- oh ! come right in ! yes , indeed . right this way -- she pull he into the office , Jeff alarmed and speechless . in the office , saunder be see drag he in , she movement very excited . saunder now , hold it , Senator . stay right where you be . do not go ' way -- and she rush for the phone . diz ' foot come off the sofa with a thud . saunder ( into the phone , excitedly ) hello --hello . helen ! get the shoreham -- paine 's apartment . hurry , will you ! she hold the phone . jefferson be -- be something the matter ? saunder oh , no -- no ! ( then with heavy sarcasm ) my dear * Senator * -- it may be customary out on the prairie to take french leave of people and not be hear of again for five hour -- jefferson gee -- I be sorry about that , miss - - you * be * miss saunder , be not you ? saunder yes , I be saunder - - and this be Mr. Moore - - a member of the press . meet the * senator* , Mr. Moore . jefferson ( seize diz ' hand ) please to meet you , sir . diz ( wince under the handshake ) how do you do , Senator ? I see you make it . jefferson make it ? oh ! yes . silly of I -- you see , what happen be -- saunder ( suddenly into the phone , with heavy sarcasm ) hello ... yes , Senator paine . yes . right here . just come in -- under he own power ... yes - - he 's sober -- that 's the very next thing on the schedule ... yes , sir , I will have he right over . she hang up , and come forward to jefferson . jefferson gee , I be sorry . you see , it be not until I be fairly well along in the bus that I realize -- saunder do you say -- bus ? jefferson one of that sightseer -- you know . you see , I - - gosh , I have never be call absent-mind or ... but there it be all of a sudden -- look right at I through one of the station door -- saunder there * what * be ? jefferson the dome -- the Capitol dome -- saunder just look at diz with wide eye . jefferson -- big as life -- sparkling away there under the sun . I -- I start walk toward it -- and there be a bus outside -- and -- well --i -- I just naturally get aboard -- saunder most natural thing in the world ! jefferson I do not believe I have be so thrilled in my -- oh , and that lincoln Memorial ! gee ! there he be -- Mr. lincoln -- look right at you as you come up the step -- sit there like he be wait for someone to come along -- saunder well -- he 's get nothing on I . she turn away and start for she hat and coat . saunder now , if you be ready , Senator , we can start for the hotel . I will * see* that you get there . jefferson ( with a laugh ) yes -- I think maybe you would better . the scene dissolves to the interior of the taxicab with jefferson and saunder , jefferson look out of the window , see what he can see , even though it 's night ; saunder give he a impatient , martyre look . jefferson ( point out ) whose statue be that ? saunder I would not know in the * day time *. suddenly he lean over saunder and point excitedly out she side of the cab . jefferson the Capitol dome ! lighted up ! saunder ( gently push he off ) you --uh -- you better relax , Senator . you will be plumb wear out . jefferson tell I , miss saunder -- what time do the senate-- uh -- what do they call it ? saunder convene ? jefferson convene -- that 's it -- yes . I get to pick up some of that parliamentary word . I imagine a fellow can get pretty lose in the Senate without them -- saunder ( more or less under she breath ) with or without them . ( quickly ) twelve - - noon . the Senate convene at twelve o'clock . jefferson ( break in -- full of the idea ) gosh -- that will be something ! you know what I better do in the morning ? saunder ( wearily ) no . what have you better --? jefferson go out to mount Vernon . it would be a sort of fine thing to do -- see Washington 's home just before walk into the Senate for the first time -- do not you think ? saunder ( hollowly ) oh - -a wonderful thing -- yes . get you right in the mood -- yes -- yes . just then , the cab pull over toward the curb and saunder perk up . saunder oh -- and * here * we be , Senator ! well , well , well ! at last ! the cab stop and a uniform doorman open the cab door on jefferson 's side . now we see the HOTEL curb , the cab , the footman , and jeff look out of the cab . come out of the hotel be a party in evening dress -- white mufflere , top-hatted man - - and woman in fur . saunder ( impatiently ) after you . do you mind ? Jeff stare at the party , at the footman - - then up at the fifteen-story hotel . saunder ( very impatiently ) this be * it* , Senator ! in the cab : jefferson no , gee -- I could not stay here -- saunder ( amaze ) you * could not *? jefferson I mean -- gosh -- I would not be comfortable in a--i -- I have not get clothes and thing like that -- and -- I could not keep pigeon * there *-- no--i -- I just -- just would not be -- and he pull the cab door close . driver where to , mister ? jefferson where to , miss saunder ? saunder ( at the end of she patience ) where ? why , the wide open space ! the scene dissolves to a phone booth , with saunder telephon . saunder ( with emphasis ) -- all I know be , he refuse to go into you hotel , Senator paine - - and not have my lasso with I , I do not know how to * make * he . in paine' HOTEL apartment , paine be on the phone , with mcgann in the background . paine what do you do ? where do he go ? in the phone booth : saunder well -- finally -- after a substantial tour of the city , he see a sort of board house , build nice and close to the ground . that 's what he want -- and that 's where you be to send he bag -- eleven B Street , Northeast . oh -- and do not forget the pigeon ! in paine' HOTEL apartment : paine and that 's where you * leave * he ? in the phone booth : saunder ( with weary sarcasm ) ... oh , he 's perfectly all right . go to stay in and write to ma tonight ... ma. ma. do not you know ma ? and then he will take he swig of castoria and go to sleep ... I would rather not think about the morning right now , if you do not mind . goodnight , Senator ! ( she hang up ) in paine' HOTEL apartment , paine hang up the phone . paine eleven B Street , Northeast . take he bag and you own right over -- and get yourself a room in the same place -- mcgann listen , Joe - - at least -- after a day like this -- I get one good bust come before I start show he monument -- he be interrupt by Susan , who come dash in excitedly , all dress to go out . susan for heaven 's sake -- will someone please get that pigeon out of this apartment ! they be smell up the place something -- mcgann pigeon ! the scene dissolves to a restaurant bar , with saunder and diz hop up on stool . saunder be grimly and angrily hold forth . saunder I be still ask myself -- what be he -- animal , vegetable , or mineral ? a Senator ! a United States Senator ! I think I would see everything but -- why , he do not know what time it be , diz ! when I think of myself sit around -- play straight for all that phoney , patriotic chatter -- * mee , carry bib for a infant with little flag in he fist -- no , I can not take it , diz -- I be through -- I quit ! diz sure --sure -- wait a minute now -- simmer down -- nosey , at this point , saunter up to the bar , he back to saunder . saunder ( break out again ) why -- do you know what he 's go to do before take that Senate seat tomorrow ? he 's go to mount Vernon - - to get into the mood -- a * warm up *! nosey swing around in a flash and push he face right in . nosey who ? who ? you boss ! a nut , huh ? a nut ! wow ! there 's a * story * in this guy --! I smell it ! saunder ( impatient ) go away , nosey . nosey saunder -- it 's meat and drink -- lemme at 'im ! five minute --! I will make it right with you ! diz will you go chase a ambulance ! saunder whadaya mean --* right *? nosey what do I * mean* , huh ? uh --* I will * tell ya -- World 's Series - - a pass ! in a month it 's worth fifteen buck ! saunder well , well ! diz ( to saunder ) hey -- you be not * talk * to this guy ! nosey whadaya say ? diz nothin ' ! beat it ! saunder look , nosey -- you pal would like to get in on this , would not they ? nosey hey -- I wanna * scoop *! saunder well , that 's out . either it 's * lot * of reporter and * lot * of ticket or - - . now will you go and call them before I change my mind about the whole thing ! nosey okay . see you here . he charge off . saunder clamber down off the stool . diz grab she arm . diz kid-- wait -- what do you think you be go to do ? saunder get my * whole * fall outfit - - and quit this job in style ! diz now , you have get more sense than to put nosey onto this guy --! saunder ( think hard ) wait -- wait . let 's see -- watchdog mcgann - - he 's bound to move right in -- get he out of the way first -- ( then ) pardon I , friend -- I have get some telephon to do --! ( and she rush off ) the scene dissolves to a phone booth , with saunder on the phone . saunder ( lay on a Southern accent ) Mr. mcgann ?... this be miss lulu Love . in mcgann' room , mcgann be on the phone ; behind he , he suitcase be open . mcgann who ? in the phone booth : saunder oh , you do not know * mee , Mr. mcgann - - but I have see * you * in Washington before -- and I think you be awfully cute . Mr. griffith tell I you get in and maybe you be a little lonely -- in mcgann' room : mcgann ( take it big ) do , huh ? well , now , he 's not wrong at all ... tonight ? sister , that 's just what the doctor order ... whoa , wait a minute -- he look off , and through a partly open door lead into Jeff 's room . Jeff appear stand at the window with one of he pigeon , while mcgann be hear on the phone . mcgann' voice I be not sure I can make that , lulu . hold on a second , will you ? ( he put he hand over the mouthpiece , and call out ) say -- Senator ! how're you fix -- I mean-- uh -- you be gonna stay in and write to ma and the boy , like you say , huh ? in jeff' room , jeff be insert a small roll of paper in a little metal container on the pigeon 's leg . jefferson ( without turn ) uh-huh . mcgann' voice not go out or anything ? jefferson no . why ? in mcgann' room : mcgann ( yell to Jeff ) Atta boy . right into bed for a nice long sleep . I , too . ( then --softly , into phone ) okay , toot ! when and where ? in the phone booth , saunder be still speak . saunder ( into the phone ) now be not that nice ! let 's say the mayflower lobby , Mr. mcgann - - in a half hour ... what I * look * like ? well , I get red hair and -- oh , that 's all right -- I know what * you * look like -- you cute thing . Goodbye . ( she hang up ) in mcgann' room , mcgann hang up , tiptoe over quickly and close the door to Jeff 's room , then make a dash for he coat . mcgann Boy , oh , boy ! Red Hair ! mcgann -- you fall into something ! the scene dissolves to the HOTEL lobby at night , and mcgann be see watch for he date , but in jefferson' boarding house sitting room there be a startling tableau : Jeff be stand in the center of this rather homely , anciently appoint sit room , surround by ten or a dozen newspaper man , three or four of whom have camera . a woman reporter be present . nosey be lead the circus as the main interrogator and master of ceremony . cameras be flash , while jefferson be pose , pleased and happy and proud . voice that 's it . right like that . Chin up a little , Senator - - please . hold it ! then the camera relax and question pop . voice tell we about yourself , Senator ! hear you get a Boy 's Club back home ! any idea ? go to make thing hum in the Senate , huh ? jefferson ( hold he hand up , laugh ) hold on , fellow -- I be not use to more then one question at a time -- nosey one moment , friend , let 's give the Senator a break . ( to Jeff ) now , where would you say you study law ? jefferson well -- I have not need much law so far -- what I would like to get first be a little common sense -- nosey swell ! reporter what do he say ? nosey ( call back ) you do not need law - - you need * common * sense ! Reporters make rapid note . reporter what be you go to do while you be here , Senator ? nosey any special ax to grind ? jefferson ax ? nosey a pet idea -- you know -- pension bill -- save the buffalo - - you have get * one * notion you think would be good for this country , have not you ? jefferson well -- I have get * one * idea -- voice ah ! that 's more like it ! what ? jefferson well -- for a couple of year now -- I -- I have think it would be a wonderful thing to have a National boy ' Camp out in we State - - voice a camp ! well ! jefferson you see -- if we could take the poor kid off the street -- out of city -- a few month in the summer -- learn something about nature and american ideal -- nosey marvelous ! and what would this camp set the government back ? jefferson oh --nothing --nothing . my idea be -- for the government to lend we the money -- and the boy will pay it back -- send in a penny or a nickel - - no more than a dime - - no , gosh -- the government 's get enough on its hand without -- nosey great ! ( call back ) the government 's put dough in too many place * now *! voice ( as they make note ) you do not say ! well , well ! woman reporter what do you think of the girl in we town , Senator ? jefferson well -- I have not see many -- oh -- well -- miss Susan paine -- she 's about the prettiest girl I -- I * ever * see -- reporter how about some more picture , Senator ? nosey yeah ! how about it ? you be a nature lover . do you handle any of that sign language ? jefferson well -- I can * manage * -- another reporter what about bird call ! know any ? jefferson well - - a few -- voice swell ! well ! come right ahead ! let them fly , Senator ! as Jeff laugh , prepare to do he stuff -- and as the camera be make ready -- the scene dissolves to the HOTEL lobby . mcgann , look at he watch , be sore as a boil by this time . glaring off , he attention be arrest . he start forward . at the swinging door , a cute little girl have just come through and stand . mcgann march up to she . mcgann well ! about time , toot ! redhead or no readhead -- keep a guy wait two hour be no -- ( look she over , relax , and grab she arm ) good thing you be as cute as you be , or I would - - the girl ( struggle ) wally ! a big six - footer , with football shoulder , come swinging in . the girl leap to he side . mcgann at once realize a hideous mistake have be make somewhere - - and it 's too late . wally fix he with a deadly stare and advance to do murder . mcgann start back away in alarm as the scene dissolves amid a dash of music . a newspaper front page come to view . it reveal a full - length picture of Jeff , and then the caption : senator ( ranger ) smith demand more common sense -- less Law in government this dissolves to another headline : smith attack government spending no money Left for Boy 's Camp in saunder' room , saunder be drink she morning coffee -- look at the morning papers . she nearly choke as she stare at the paper . this scene dissolves to mcgann' room , with mcgann , half - dress , one eye bandage , stare at a paper . a news picture come to view , show Jeff kneel over a little fire of stick . the caption read : make camp FIRE -- show how he'll put the heat on congress mcgann , shirt - tail fly , tear for the door to Jeff 's room . it be empty . mcgann Senator ! hey --ranger ! ( clap a hand to he forehead ) go again ! the scene dissolves to a newspaper picture of jefferson imitate a bird - call eye bulg -- while he two hand appear to be grip he nose as if ward off a bad odor . the caption read : ranger senator get first " whiff " of official WASHINGTON in the dine room of paine' HOTEL apartment , paine and Susan be at breakfast , paine 's eye glue wildly to the paper ; Susan also hold a paper and laugh . paine his first ' whiff ' ! susan such pretty knee for a big boy ! paine do I actually * see * this --? susan listen , Father ! " Young lochinvar smitten with Susan paine " ! the scene dissolves to paine' private office as saunder enter and paine rise from behind he desk . saunder ( belligerently ) you want to see I , Senator ? paine yes . good morning , saunder . ( pick up the newspaper ; genially ) have you --uh -- any idea how this happen ? saunder the ranger 's notice ? no idea at all . paine ( with good humor ) no ? saunder no -- I be sorry . I merely see he home . I be not suppose to tuck he in and give he he bottle . that 's mcgann 's job . paine by the way , Mr. mcgann just phone -- in a high fever . Smith 's go again . have you any idea where ? saunder yes . he go to mount Vernon to give himself a patriotic address . paine ( smile ) well -- that 's very fine . ( then ) saunder , some person in you office say you have quit -- saunder that 's right . paine oh , now - - that will not do -- saunder look , Senator -- I be not give a brain just to tell a Boy Ranger what time it be . what do you need I for ? get somebody else -- get a register nurse -- paine you be the best nurse I can think of -- saunder Nice * compliment *! paine I mean it for one . I mean -- Sam foley could not get along without you -- and neither can I at the moment -- saunder no ? paine you see -- Governor Hopper make a appointment in this case that -- well , Jeff be not exactly fitte to the work , let 's say . he 's here to see monument -- and pass the time . that 's important to -- to my work -- and everybody concerned . so , someone who can be trust have to occupy he and keep he out of trouble -- saunder and I be a old hand at follow instruction -- paine you be more than that . I have have example of the fact that wild horse could not pull confidential matter in this two office out of you . that 's why I tell you what I do -- about Smith and this situation . so , you see -- saunder yeah -- I see I be right where I have be for seven year -- paine you deserve a lot better . and I will tell you what we will do . stay and play nurse , as you say -- and if certain thing happen I be take everybody up with I , and you will get one of the biggest job in Washington . saunder yeah ? ( a pause ) and what else ? paine what do you mean ? saunder well , when I first come to Washington , my eye be big , blue question mark -- now they be big , green dollar mark -- paine I see . all right . you finish this job properly -- and you get a handsome bonus besides -- saunder 's face light up with interest . paine' voice and by * properly * I mean-- stay away with Smith every minute - - keep he away from anything that smack of politics -- see that there 's no recurrence of thing like this newspaper -- the scene dissolves to the senate lobby , a elevator corridor lead to the Senate chamber . a clock show 11:45 . then , saunder and jefferson be see as they emerge from the elevator and start forward . people crowd the corridor -- there be surging activity -- a air of excitement . Jeff , baffle , look around , suddenly look ahead and stop dead . jefferson saunder ! that 's it ! we be here ! in the senate chamber , see through the entrance door , people be seat in and enter gallery ; Senators be walk , stand in group , talk ; some be at they desk . on the floor of the senate chamber , a page be lead jefferson to he desk . Jeff be more agape now than before . all around he be Senators - - in group or seat . most of they be at they desk now . the page bring he a desk , on a minority side and way at the rear . head turn to follow Jeff curiously . boy here you be , Senator . not a bad desk , either . Daniel webster use to use it . jefferson Daniel webster ? Sat here ? say -- that man be a great orator . boy give you something to shoot at , Senator - - if you figure on do any talk . jefferson not I , sonny . I be just go to sit around and listen . ( pick up calendar ) what 's this ? boy calendar for the day . you will find the Senate manual in the drawer . anything else you want , just snap for a page . jefferson where 's the majority leader ? boy the majority leader ? right over there . and that 's [ ] the minority leader . they be both pretty good in the clinch . jefferson uh-huh . and where 's the Press galery ? boy right up there over the vice - President 's chair -- the four in the front row represent the four big news service . you have meet the press bunch , have not you ? jefferson oh , yes -- they be fine people -- regular people . boy look out for that fellow -- they tell the truth about you -- sometimes . that corner over there be reserve for guide and sightseer who come in for five minute to rest they foot . that section over there be reserve for Senator 's friend . the front row -- the empty one -- be for the President and White House guest -- see that old couple over there -- they have attend every session for the last twenty year . over the clock back here be the diplomatic section . they and the page boy be the only real class we have in this place . the rest be mostly people who come here like they go to the zoo -- jefferson that bust up there -- all around the wall -- who be they , sonny ? boy all the ex-vice - president . you can get ten- to- one around here if you think you can remember they name . the vice - President preside over the Senate - - you know that . it 's how he earn he pay . oh -- over there , Senator - - on the east side of the chair we still have the old snuff box with real snuff in they if you like snuff . jefferson thanks very much , sonny -- boy I will take you hat into the cloak room . jefferson here -- let I give you a Boy Ranger button . boy swell . thanks very much . ( he take Jeff 's hand ) good luck , Senator . keep you leave up . Jeff , look up toward the Press Gallery , see saunder and wave to she . paine come to Jeff . paine hello , Jeff -- sorry , I have be on a committee all morning . get you credential -- when the vice - President call you , you go down that center aisle and I will meet you there -- he 's about ready to come in now , Jeff . good luck -- paine pat Jeff 's shoulder and move away . Senators be separate and make for they seat . Jeff excitedly sit down again . after a full view of the chamber , show people subside into they seat all over the gallery , we see the gray , small president of the Senate . he have a mild , humorful face . everything be in order in front of he as he look out over the body of the Senate and pick up the small ivory gavel - head . his eye look off intently at something . he raise he gavel a the long hand of the clock that come to view jump to twelve o'clock exactly . two gavel pound be hear . president ( pound twice again ) the Senate will come to order ! the body be lull , though a few member be walk to they desk . then the Senator occupy the desk traditionally use by the majority leader ( front and center and on the right side of the aisle ) rise . majority leader Mr. President . president Senator agnew . majority leader I ask unanimous consent that the read of the journal of the previous calendar day be dispense with and the journal stand approve . ( he sit ) president ( bored , mechanically ) be there objection ? ( a pause ) the journal stand approve . jefferson be see in close view , he attention darting from one point to the other . senator' voice Mr. President ... president's voice Senator brownell . senator' voice I suggest the absence of a quorum . president's voice the clerk will call the roll . at the rostrum , the Chief clerk proceed to call the roll and Senator 's voice answer to they name - - " here " or " present . " the clerk be next see pass up the roll sheet to the President , who look at it . president eighty Senators have answer to they name . a quorum be present . paine rise . paine Mr. President ... president Senator paine . paine I present the credential of honorable jefferson Smith who have just be appoint Senator by the Governor of my state . a page take the credential from paine 's hand and take they to the desk . paine the senator- designate be present -- jefferson look startle . paine' voice ... and I ask that the oath of office be administer to he at this time . the president be pick up what be evidently jefferson 's credential . president if the senator- designate will present himself at the desk , the oath will be administer . jefferson , swallow , frighten , be glue to he seat for a instant . people in the Gallery and the Senate turn to look for he ; among they be saunder and , in the Press section , diz . a few of the Senators consult the newspaper on they desk , significantly . paine rise , motion to jefferson to get to he foot , and jefferson , on see he , get up unsteadily . paine start to the back , indicate that he be to follow he , jefferson advance to the rear of the center aisle where paine be now wait for he . then both of they start down the aisle toward the rostrum -- while the people ( include saunder , the Press , and group of Senators ) watch they advance , some of the Senators appear tight - lipped and disapprove . aware of the eye on he , jefferson , in the company of paine , arrive at the lower level of the rostrum , while the people of the press rise to look over they desk at the ceremony . then paine indicate to jefferson to mount one more step to the level just below the President 's desk . but as jefferson make the designate step up , and the President be about to rise , a voice crack out from somewhere out in the chamber . senator' voice Mr. President ! I rise to a question of order ! all turn to the Senator who have rise . jefferson , stand before the President , turn to look back . president the gentleman will state it . senator ( who be now see in close view ) I seek to ascertain , Mr. President , if the gentleman about to be swear in be fully aware of the responsibility of he high office -- and that the member of this body strive to conduct themselves at all time -- we see jefferson , he puzzlement deepen as he hear the Senator . senator' voice -- with dignity and sincerity . the senator be see gesture with a newspaper . senator I refer to he astounding and shameless performance for the newspaper this morning . paine be see wince ( he know this be come ) as he listen . senator' voice a *versatile * performance , I grant you -- there be titter from all over the house . the president bring the gavel down , and look up at the gallery . president order in the chamber . senator ( while the entire chamber be visible ) -- but one that bring he rank down to the level of a side - show entertainer -- and reflect on the sincerity , if not the * sanity * , of the high body of lawmaker in the land ! ( waving the paper ) I seek to learn if this be the gentleman 's conception of the nature of he office ! jeff turn impulsively to the president . jefferson I do not understand , sir ! I do not know what the gentleman -- president ( bang gavel ) the Senator have no voice in this chamber until the oath of office have be administer ! paine Mr. President ! I will answer the gentleman ! my colleague be innocent in the matter refer to . he be completely misquote . I * know * jefferson Smith -- and I will * vouch * for it -- he have the great possible respect for he office and for this gentleman . a senator' voice Mr. President ! president ( eye on jefferson with sympathy ; bang gavel ) the swear in of the Senator - designate be the order of business ! ( he rise . the chamber be in full view ) the gentleman will raise he right hand and repeat after I the follow oath -- jefferson do as bid . the President recite the oath , and jefferson repeat after he : president " I do solemnly swear -- that I will support and defend the constitution of the United States -- against all enemy , foreign and domestic - - that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same -- that I take this obligation freely -- without and mental reservation and purpose of evasion -- and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duty of the office on which I be about to enter . so help I God . " jefferson ( finish ) " so help I God . " president Senator , you can talk all you want to , now . the President shake hand with jefferson . paine shake he hand , then , guide he down one step to the clerk where jefferson , daze , understand that he be to sign the register . then jefferson and paine start back up the center aisle , all eye follow they , and ripple of laughter break out from all over the chamber . jefferson be see make he way back up the aisle . suddenly he snatch up a paper from a desk he pass , and he eye fasten on the headline . he continue to walk , read -- he jaw muscle tightening -- then he look up into the Press gallery . the scene now dissolves to a montage , first the headline appear over Jeff 's incredulous expression as he read . he start walk -- hand clench , murder in he eye -- he meet a reporter of the night before , grab he , sock he and march on . he meet another one in a different place -- socko again ! finally he smack nosey -- and march on -- . next we see a pair of door , on which be print " Press Club , " and when this door be push aside violently the PRESS club bar be visible as Jeff stand glaring . newspaper man be at the bar and at table range along the wall . conversation -- smoke . sweeney , farrell , flood , summer and diz be there -- and nosey . nosey appear with diz and sweeney , at one of the table . nosey he 's on a rampage . the street be not safe . I come up here to -- ( look toward door suddenly ) oh- oh. tarzan ! head turn in that direction , as Jeff start toward nosey . when he get within five step , he suddenly lunge forward and grab he . he draw he right hand back to hit -- the boy leap in -- and a free- for- all be on . chair and table go over . finally , Jeff be swarm under -- down on he back on the long seat against the wall while nosey be under a table . voice whoa , now ... wait a minute ... take it easy , Senator ... we do not go in for slugging around here ... if you can behave yourself now ... Jeff stop struggle . nosey ( from under a table ) meet Senator Smith , boy . they pile off Jeff -- who sit up slowly , look the worse for wear . his pugnacity be go , and he be calm , hurt and bitter . sweeney you act like a man with something on you mind -- flood what 's the idea-- charge in like that on the gentleman of the Press -- ? jefferson ( bitterly ) * gentlemen * ! gentlemen be suppose to believe in something decent . instead of twist fact and make a joke of everything -- why do not you tell the people the * truth * for a change ? voice the truth ! well , the man want the truth ! " what * be * truth ? " ask so- and - so , and turn away ! jefferson that 's what I say -- the * truth *! sweeney how will you have it -- dish out -- or in a bottle ? diz well , if that 's what you want , Senator - - sit down -- . we will see what we can do . jefferson there be not a chance I would find it here ! summer no ? flood why --* truth * be the * business * of a few of we correspondent , Senator - - farrell leave out the noseys , of course -- jefferson yes ? and the people of this country pick up they papers -- and what do they read ? diz well --* this morning * they read that a incompetent clown arrive in Washington parade like a member of the Senate -- Jeff make a leap for diz . jefferson why , you --! the man be on he and push he back . voice whoa ! hold it ! pipe down ! come on , now -- that 's enough of that . jefferson ( yell ) if you think as much of be honest -- as you do of be smart --! diz honest ! why , we be the only one who can * afford * to be honest about what * we * tell the voter . we do not have to be re-elect , like politician -- voice hear ! hear ! sweeney for instance , we tell them when the phony , crackpot and hillbilly come here to make they law -- farrell and if it 's the * truth * you want -- what be * you * do in the Senate ? flood what do * you * know about law -- and make law -- and what the people need ? jefferson ( tormentedly blurt ) I -- I do not * pretend * to know ! diz then what be you do in the Senate ? sweeney what 's he * do * ? why --* honorary * appointment ! summer sure ! * i* see ! when the country need man up there who * know * and have courage -- like it never do before - - he 's just go to decorate a chair and get himself * honore *--! farrell oh , but he will * vote * ! sure . like he colleague tell he -- diz yes , * sir *- - like a Christmas tiger . he will nod he head and vote ' yes ' . you be not a Senator ! you be a honorary * stooge * ! and should be show up ! flood have a drink , Senator ! as the last crack hit , Jeff get to he foot like a shot , as if ready to kill . the man stand firm and Jeff stop dead . he glare around ; they stare back in contempt . Jeff 's anger flow away . he finally say quietly : jefferson ( after a pause ) good day -- gentleman . and he start grimly for the door -- the man fall aside quietly to let he through . the scene dissolves to paine' live room , with jefferson speak tensely to paine . jefferson I mean , sir - - if I be go to stay in the Senate -- I ought to know what I be do -- at least , I ought to try to study the bill that be come up -- paine the * bill * ? Jeff -- let I advise you -- as you father would -- politics be a business -- sometimes a cruel business . in you time here , you could not even start on that bill . they be put together by legal mind -- after a long study . why , after twenty year , I can not understand half of they myself . no , really , Jeff -- in you own interest -- jefferson ( downcast , turn away ) well , then --i -- I do not feel I can stay , sir . paine Jeff , look -- do not you say something to the papers about want to create a National boy ' camp ? be you in earnest about that ? jefferson yes , I be -- paine well , why not do it ? there 's a job for you . get a Bill start to accomplish it -- present it to Congress - - it would be a great experience -- jefferson Senator paine , if I could do just that one thing while I be here , I - - I would feel that I - - paine what 's to stop you ? saunder will help you with it -- jefferson ( elatedly ) I will , sir ! I will ! ( take paine 's hand ) I -- I do not know how to thank you . I know , if any man could help I -- paine nonsense , Jeff . jefferson thank you , sir . thank you for you time . paine here -- where be you run off to ? jefferson well , I be sort of anxious to get back to the office -- Susan , look quite ravish , appear suddenly . susan Father -- oh . paine jefferson drop in for a minute , Susan . susan ( with a distinct lack of emotion ) how nice . how do you do , Senator ? jefferson ( dry-mouthed ; he eye fastened on the lovely creature ) how - - how do you do , miss paine ? ( with reference to he clothes ) I -- I apologize for look like this -- I -- I have to be go now -- susan how be the pigeon ? jefferson Fine -- they be fine . ( then suddenly ) oh , miss paine , I -- I want to apologize -- what the papers say I say about you -- that be not true . I -- I would never say a thing like that . susan ( with tongue in cheek ) do you hear , Father ? he do not mean it when he say I be beautiful . jefferson oh -- you be ! susan then you * do * say it . jefferson no -- I mean -- yes -- that be -- in a great perspire fuss , he drop the subject like a hot coal , come to paine quickly and seize he hand . jefferson well , goodbye , sir - - and thank you again . ( start to back toward the foyer as he speak to Susan ) well -- it -- it be nice see you , miss paine -- susan goodnight , Senator -- Jeff be still back . jefferson goo-goodnight , miss paine . ( to paine again ) goodnight , sir --goodnight . and at this point he back right into a delicate side - table with a lamp on it . table and lamp go down with a crash . jefferson gosh ! darn ! he scramble to pick up the table and lamp . there 's be no damage . jefferson ( as he pick thing up ) I be sorry ! gee ! I hope -- paine that 's all right , my boy -- do not bother -- jefferson gosh ! ( straighten lamp on table ) well -- look good as new . if there *is * any damage , I will -- paine ( laugh ) good as new ! it 's quite all right -- Jeff start back into the foyer again . jefferson well --goodnight . paine goodnight , Jeff . jefferson goodnight , miss paine . susan * goodnight *! Jeff turn like a rabbit and head for the hall door . we hear it slam . Susan laugh loudly . paine look toward the foyer thoughtfully . paine ( reflectively ) well , at the expense of some of the furniture , Susan - - you have make another conquest . susan what ! not ol ' honest abe ! paine and honest abe 's ideal . a rare man - - this day . the scene dissolves to jeff' outer office , at night , with saunder at she desk , as mcgann come charge in , perspire and bother . mcgann well ! hear anything ? any sign of he ? saunder how would you like a punch in the nose ? mcgann ( startle ) what ! who ? saunder that 's what he 's be do since last hear from . mcgann whaddaya mean ! what do * i* have to do with it ? I do not blame the guy . ( sinking into chair , exhaust ) wow ! twenty - four hour in this town and nothing but dog-fight ! and thing be not bad enough -- last night I have to get a run-around from some wise dame -- saunder ( innocently , slip over a southern accent ) my , my -- you sho ' be pahwerfully upset , mister mcgann -- but you ' awfully cute . mcgann yeah ? well , when I get my hand on a red-headed doll with a southern lingo , I will -- he break off -- she southern accent just sink through . the look he throw be quietly terrific . at this instant , a lively , whistle rendition of " Dixie " -- out in the corridor - - break in on they . as the door be swing open , jeff burst in , march in step to he spirite whistle . he march right up to the astound saunder and mcgann -- and finish he whistle with a flourish . jefferson ( in high spirit ) you should hear we Ranger Band rattle that off -- if you want to * hear * something ! good evening , miss saunder . good evening mister mcgann . mcgann ( find he voice ) h'ya , Senator . I -- I have sorta be look for you -- jefferson you have ? ( then --quickly ) will you come in a minute , miss saunder . he start for the private office . mcgann uh-- Senator -- I think you and I might go out to dinner together -- and grab off a few monument . jefferson oh , I could not tonight . thanks a lot . saunder follow Jeff . in jeff' private office : he enter , march to he desk . saunder come slowly toward he , after close the door . saunder go ahead -- punch . jefferson punch ? saunder I have a lot to do with that little press conference last night -- jefferson ( excitedly ) well , then , I -- I * thank * you , miss saunder ! nothing better could have happen --. yes * sir* , miss saunder , we be go right ahead with it ! saunder we be go right ahead with --* what *? jefferson why , the Bill -- the Bill - - to make a National boy ' Camp ... saunder one moment , Senator . do I understand you be go to present a * Bill * ? jefferson sure ! a Bill . Senator paine and I decide it be the one way in the world I could make myself -- saunder pardon I . Senator paine decide this * with * you ? jefferson yes. sure . it be he idea . * i* should have be the one to think of it -- saunder my dear Senator , have you the faintest idea of what it take to get a Bill pass ? jefferson I know -- but you -- you be go to help . saunder if I be * triplet * , I could not --. look , Senator - - let I give you a rough idea . a member have a Bill in mind -- like you - - a camp . right ? jefferson right . saunder Fine . now , what do he do ? he 's get to sit down first and write it up . the where , when , why , how - - and everything else . that take time -- jefferson oh , but this one be so simple . saunder I see . * this * one be so simple -- jefferson and with you help -- saunder oh , yes . and * I be * help . simple - - and I be help . so we knock this off in record - break time of -- let 's say three or four day -- jefferson oh , just a day -- saunder a * day *! jefferson tonight . saunder tonight . ( control herself in a quiet burn ) look--uh -- I do not want to seem to be complain , Senator - - but in all civilized country , there 's a institution call * dinner * --! jefferson ( laugh a little ) oh--dinner . yes . well , I be hungry , too . I think -- maybe - - we could have something bring in -- you know , like big executive who eat off trays . you see , we have get to light into this and get it go -- saunder uh-huh . well , dinner come in on trays . we be executive . and we light into this . it be dawn . you Bill be ready . you go over there and introduce it -- jefferson how ? saunder you get to you foot in the Senate and present it . then you take the Bill and put it in a little box -- like a letter box - - on the side of the rostrum . just hold it between thumb and forefinger and drop it in . clerk read it and refer it to the right committee -- jefferson Committee , huh ? saunder Committee . jefferson why ? saunder that 's how Congress -- or any large body -- be run . all work have to be do by committee . jefferson why ? saunder look--committees -- small group of Senators - - have to sift a Bill down -- look into it -- study it -- and report to the whole Senate . you can not take a Bill no one know anything about and discuss it among ninety - six man . where would you get ? jefferson yes , I see that . saunder good . where be we ? jefferson some committee 's get it . saunder yes . they give it to a * sub* - committee , where they really give it a go over -- hold hearing -- call in people and ask question -- then report back to the bigger committee -- where it 's consider some more , change , amend , or whatever . day be go by , Senator . day -- week . finally , they think it 's quite a Bill . it go over to the House of Representatives for debate and a vote . * but * it 's get to wait its turn on the calendar -- jefferson calendar ? saunder that 's the order of business . you Bill have to stand * way * back there in line unless the steering Committee decide it be important enough to be -- jefferson what 's that ? saunder what ? jefferson the steering Committee . saunder ( depressed ) do you really think we be get anywhere . jefferson yes. sure . what 's a steering Committee ? saunder a committee of the majority party leader . they decide when a Bill be important enough to be move up toward the head of the list -- jefferson * this * be . saunder pardon I --* this * be . where be we now ? jefferson we be over in the House . saunder yes. House . more amendment -- more change -- and the Bill go back to the Senate -- and * wait its turn on the calendar again * . the Senate do not like what the house do to the Bill . they make more change . the House do not like * that * change . stymie . so they appoint man from each house to go into a huddle call a conference and battle it out . besides that , all the lobbyist interested give cocktail party for and against -- government department get in they two cent ' worth -- cabinet member -- budget bureaus - - embassy . finally , if the Bill be alive after all this vivisection , it come to a vote . yes , sir -- the big day finally arrive . and -- nine time out of ten , they vote it down . ( take a deep breath ) be you catch on , Senator ? jefferson yes . shall we start on it right now -- or order dinner first ? saunder ( mouth drop open ) pardon ? jefferson I say -- shall we get start * now * or -- saunder ( weakly ) yes --sure . why not ? ( then , very tired ) you do not mind if I take the time to get a pencil ? she turn mechanically and head for the outer office . jefferson ( call after she -- laugh in high spirit ) no ! go right ahead , miss saunder . saunder thanks very much . jefferson and a * lot * of paper ! as jefferson start pick up the telegram and read they avidly , saunder go out . in the outer office , mcgann jump up as saunder go to she desk to pick up paper and pencil , which she do mechanically . saunder I would not wait if I be you . mcgann what do you mean ? what 's go on ? saunder the head man 's write a Bill . mcgann a Bill ! not *him *! saunder silently gather pencil and paper . she start back toward the private Office . mcgann ( call after she ) what do he want to --? what 's *he* do write a Bill ? saunder ( without stop -- give it the Southern accent again ) why , he 's a Senator , be not he ? I be surprised at you , mister mcgann -- ( and she pass into the private Office ) mcgann be a man fit to be tie . suddenly he lunge for he hat and start out quickly into the corridor . the scene dissolves to the exterior of paine' HOTEL as paine and Susan , dress for the evening -- and in the company of three other people ( a elderly gentleman , a second man and a middle - age woman ) , be enter a limousine wait at the curb . a newsman , with camera , be run alongside paine . newsman do you mind , Senator ? I would like a picture . paine stop before the limousine , as the other get inside . the photographer get set . before he can snap it , mcgann rush up . mcgann ( in a breathless whisper ) Joe -- drop everything and come with I ! paine what 's the matter ? newsman ( motion mcgann aside ) do you mind ? mcgann ( to paine ) Smith -- do you know what he 's do ? -- write bill ! paine yes , I know . I tell he to . ( put mcgann aside ) pardon I , Charles . we be late to a embassy dinner -- the photographer get he shot , and chick leap back to paine . mcgann Joe ! you * tell * he to ! paine yes - -a camp bill that will never get beyond a first read . so calm down , chick -- and --goodnight . paine get into the limousine -- and the door close . mcgann Joe ! Jim say --*monument *! the car pull out -- and mcgann be leave on the curb . the scene dissolves to jeff' private office at night , revealing saunder and jefferson . saunder be against one end of the desk with papers before she ; jefferson , he coat off , be walk in circle -- in the throes of create he bill . ( dinner trays , with empty dinner dish on they , be in evidence . ) jefferson ( in a brown study ) -- that 's the main idea , miss saunder . the United States government be not go to buy or build this camp -- just lend we the money . you have make a note of that , huh ? saunder yes , Senator --*twice *. jefferson ( walk circle ) uh-- have you ? ( running he hand through he hair ) do you ever have so much to say about something -- you could not say it ? saunder ( dryly ) try sit down . jefferson I do -- and -- and I get right up . saunder now , let 's get down to particular . how big be this thing ? where be it to be ? how many boy will it take care of ? if they be go to buy it -- how do they make they contribution ? you Bill have to have all that in it -- jefferson and something else , too , miss saunder -- the spirit of it -- the idea -- the -- in he walk , he have come to the window . he point out suddenly . jefferson that 's what 's get to be in it . she look in that direction , and see the light capitol dome , as see through the window -- with jefferson in the foreground . jefferson ( point ) that . saunder indicate that she see the dome , she eyebrow lift a little . saunder ( quietly - - with only a touch of sarcasm ) on paper ? jefferson ( still look out of the window , not conscious of she cynical question ) I want to make that come to life -- yes , and light up like that , too -- for every boy in the land . boy forget what they country mean -- just read " land of the free " in history book . and they get to be men-- and forget even more . Liberty be too precious to get bury in book , miss saunder . Men ought to hold it up in front of they -- every day of they life and say : " I be free - - to think - - to speak . my ancestor could not . I can . my child will . " and we see saunder look at jefferson with a new expression -- listen rather raptly -- then start to make rapid note . jefferson' voice the boy ought to grow up * remember * that . he break off -- turn from the window -- collect himself out of a daze -- and a little embarrassed . jefferson well -- gosh -- that -- that be not " particular , " be it ? saunder but you have just take care of the spirit all right . jefferson well , anyway , it 's * something * like that -- ( then --impulsively ) and it * be * important . that -- that steering Committee have * get * to see it that way . and I be sure Senator paine will do all he can -- ( break off ) he 's a fine man , miss saunder , be not he ? he know my father , you know . saunder he do ? jefferson we need a lot like he -- he kind of character -- ideal . saunder ( drop she head to the paper ) uh--getting back to this , Senator - - jefferson yes , yes -- saunder now , this camp be go to be out in you state , of course -- jefferson ( with enthusiasm ) about two hundred of the most beautiful acre that ever be ! Mountains , prairie land , tree , stream ! a paradise for boy who live in stuffy city -- ( break off ) you do not know that country out there , do you , miss saunder ? saunder no . jefferson I have be over every foot of it . you could not have any idea . you would have to see for yourself -- ( gaze off , enrapture ) -- the prairy -- the wind lean on the tall grass -- saunder be see again , raptly watch he . jefferson' voice -- lazy stream down in the meadow -- and angry little midget of water up in the mountain -- ( again see , together with saunder ) -- cattle move down a slope against the sun-- camp-fire --snowdrift ... ( break off ) everybody ought to have * some * of that --* some * time in he life . my father teach I to see that thing . he grow up with we state - - a ' he use to say to I , " Son , do not miss the wonder that surround you . every tree , every sunset , every ant -hill and star be fill with the wonder of nature . " he use to say , " have not you ever notice how grateful you be to see daylight again after go through a dark tunnel ? " " well , " he would say , " open you eye and always see life around you as if you would just come out of a long tunnel . " ( then ) where do * you * come from . miss saunder ? saunder ( quietly ) well -- I guess I have be in that tunnel all my life . jefferson you mean-- here ? saunder Baltimore . pure city -dweller . jefferson but you have have beautiful country all around you . you have just have to life up you eye ! saunder city-dweller never do that -- for fear of what might drop * in * them . jefferson ( observe she a second ) have you always have to -- work ? saunder since sixteen or so . jefferson I take it you -- you parent could not -- uh -- saunder no , they could not . Father be a doctor . the kind who place ethic above collection . that speak well for Father but it always leave we kind of -- ( then ) could we get on with this , Senator ? jefferson it have not be easy , have it ? saunder no complaint . jefferson but -- I mean -- for a woman -- and -- you have do awfully well -- saunder have I ? jefferson I never meet anyone more -- more intelligent -- or capable . I -- I do not know where I would be on this bill of mine without you help -- saunder I do not see where we be * with * it . jefferson ( jump ) no! gosh ! I better get move here , miss saunder -- ( suddenly ) everybody else call you just plain " saunder . " why can not I ? saunder go right ahead . jefferson saunder . that 's better . ( practice ) good morning , saunder . hello , saunder . how 's the bill come , saunder - -? saunder ( permit herself a laugh ) terrible , thank you . jefferson yeah . yeah . well , anyway , we have get " saunder " settle . maybe that be my trouble all along . ( rubbing he hand ) yes , * sir * . I be all ready to go now -- ( then --suddenly ) what 's you * first * name ? saunder why ? jefferson well -- nobody call you anything but saunder . saunder I also answer to whistle . jefferson you -- you have * get * a first name , have not you ? saunder look -- I think we ought to skip it . jefferson all right . sure . just curious . the picture pop into my mind all of a sudden of a pump without a handle -- or something -- saunder well , if it 's all the same to you -- jefferson ( kid she ) I know . it 's --violet . saunder it *is * not ! jefferson abigail . saunder no ! jefferson letitia . saunder no ! jefferson lena . saunder ( laugh ) no! stop it ! jefferson I have get more . you better tell I . saunder you win . it 's --clarissa . jefferson ( dash down a little ) clarissa . oh. uh-huh . ( then ) well , saunder - - let 's go -- saunder now , * Susan * -- that 's really a * pretty * name -- jefferson ( rise to the bait ) Susan ! Susan paine -- that 's beautiful -- saunder and a beautiful woman , too -- do not you think ? jefferson yes . the most beautiful I think I ever -- gee -- ( catch himself - - leaping into action ) say -- we're * never * go to finish this thing ! now , here we go , saunder . I be go to talk faster and you can write -- jefferson walk around rapidly . he be off at great speed now . jefferson the location of the camp . about two hundred acre situate in ambrose County -- Terry Canyon -- saunder be see busily write down the fact . jefferson' voice -- run about a quarter of a mile on either side of willet Creek -- saunder ( suddenly - - sharply ) on either side of --* what *? jefferson pause - - a little astonished at she sharp question . jefferson ( see with saunder again ) uh-- willet Creek . it 's just a little stream -- saunder in Terry Canyon ? jefferson you -- do not know it , do you ? saunder ( quickly ) no -- jefferson you could not . you have never be out there , you say . saunder ( quickly again ) no , I have not . I guess I think the name be familiar . ( then ) by the way , you discuss with Senator paine where the camp be to be situate and everything ? jefferson well -- no . I do not . why ? saunder nothing . I just wonder . no *reason * to take it up with he . ( reading from pad ) " -- about a quarter of a mile on either side of willet Creek - - " jefferson ( pick up again ) yeah . this land to be buy by contribution from the boy . you have that . money to be -- saunder , write , look up at jefferson from under she brow with grow interest . the scene dissolves to the senate chamber , with the Senate in session and the President speak : president -- the chair lay before the Senate a communication from the Secretary of State , in response to Senate resolution 343 . the communication be hand to the clerk , who begin to read . in the PRESS gallery we see saunder with diz , saunder smile down on the floor as the clerk 's voice be hear . saunder sit tight , diz . the show commence in just a minute . diz what show ? would you mind tell I what 's come off here ? saunder certainly . ( point down to the floor ) now there 's the principal actor in we little play . in the senate chamber , jefferson be grasp the bill tightly in he hand -- nervously , perspiringly wait . he smile up at saunder and wave the bill . the clerk 's voice be hear . in the PRESS gallery , saunder smile back at Jeff . saunder ( to diz ) Don Quixote - - with bill . diz do not make anything of this . saunder glance off -- and point . saunder ah . one of the support character . diz who ? in the visitor's gallery mcgann be see listen to the proceedings . in the PRESS gallery : saunder that gorilla in man 's clothing -- mcgann . diz oh , you mean -- puss in boot . saunder yes. mostly " puss . " ( point to the floor again ) oh , the *other * prominent character in the play . in the chamber , paine be see listen to the clerk . in the PRESS gallery : saunder the Silver knight . soul of honor - - on a tight -rope . diz what do I play ? saunder you play -- leave field . diz frankly , kid -- be you goofy ? saunder diz -- Don Quixote with bill be go to get to he foot in a minute and speak two important word --* willet Creek * . when that happen -- if my hunch be right -- the Silver knight will fall off he tightrope and puss will jump out of he boot . in the chamber , the clerk finish what he have be read . a senator Mr. President -- I ask that the communication be refer to Committee on foreign Relations and print . president it be so order . ( then ) introduction of bill -- jefferson be see in close view , he head jerk up . president's voice -- and joint resolution . jefferson ( leaping to he foot , and yell loudly ) Mr. President ! the president be startle by the yell and a group of senator be see turn around , also startle . in a portion of the visitor's gallery , people begin to titter -- then laugh . the gavel rap for order . jefferson , aware that he have cause a stir by he shout , be embarrassed as the gavel continue rapping . paine be mildly amused . but in the visitor's gallery , mcgann , tight - lipped , be shaking he head . he do not like this . president ( with a smile ) the chair recognize the rather strong - lung junior Senator , Mr. Smith . jefferson ( almost in a whisper ) I - - I be sorry , sir . I -- I have a bill -- president's voice you may speak a little louder , Senator , but not too loud . jefferson I have a bill to propose , sir . president order , gentleman . we junior Senator be about to make a speech . you may proceed , Senator . with tremble , fumble hand , jefferson get he paper up before he . jefferson ( read ) " be it enact by the Senate and the House of Representatives that there be appoint as a loan - - " in the PRESS gallery , saunder nudge diz to watch mcgann and paine . jefferson' voice " -- a sum sufficient to create a National boy ' Camp - - " jefferson ( again visible ) " -- to be pay back to the United States treasury by contribution from the boy of America . this Camp to be situate on the land at and adjacent to the head water of the stream know as willet Creek in Terry Canyon -- paine be see to be hit by lightning , and he eye go startledly to mcgann in the gallery . jefferson' voice " -- for the purpose of bring great education , mutual understanding -- " mcgann rise in the gallery , signal to paine , and start to go out . jefferson' voice " -- and the healthful life to the boy of this great and beautiful land ! " as Jeff finish applause break out in the gallery . it be catch up and grow . paine be see hurriedly leave the chamber , while the applause continue . president we young Senator will make a good orator when he voice stop change . in the PRESS gallery , saunder be nudging diz . saunder do you like the first act ? diz yeah . what about the second act ? saunder that 's take place outside now . we hear the gavel rapping for order . in the capitol vestibule , paine and mcgann come together quickly . they talk in undertone . mcgann ( in a control lather ) do I hear right ? do he say * willet Creek * ? paine let 's get away from here . ( he start to pull mcgann along ) mcgann that 's dynamite , Joe ! the scene dissolves to paine' automobile . paine -- amazing coincidence ! of all place in the world -- to choose willet Creek for he boy ' camp ! mcgann Joe -- I be get leery of this guy . we keep call he dumb -- and he keep wind up in we hair ! I be tell you -- when he find out there 's a dam go up where he want he camp , he 's gonna start ask question six way from Sunday -- paine be quiet , chick -- I be try to think -- ( then ) this deficiency Bill be go to be read in the Senate tomorrow . mcgann tomorrow ! Joe -- he will hear the section on willet dam . he can not be there ! paine I know that . mcgann listen --tomorrow I take he to see monument -- if I have to hit he over the head with a couple ! paine that will not work , chick . this boy 's honest , not stupid . mcgann Susan ! paine my daughter be not here to carry out assignment like that for * anybody * . mcgann well , then -- this be too much for *my * lame brain . I be call Jim Taylor . paine Jim 's method will not do in Washington . mcgann Joe --listen -- all Susan have to do be turn that big eye on he -- he will fall all over himself -- just keep he out of there * one afternoon * -- while they read that bill -- the scene dissolves to the senate office build , in the late afternoon , and jefferson be see march along down the corridor , in high spirit -- whistling " Dixie . " he turn into he outer office , which be full of people . as he stride in , the people leap up and make a dive for he . people can I see you , Senator - -? I be from Jackson City -- Senator , just one minute of you time -- I be from the old home state , Senator - - saunder , who have be sit at she desk , leap up and come to the rescue as the people begin to claw and pull Jeff . saunder whoa ! here -- here -- just a minute ! keep you seat . ( take Jeff 's arm ) this way , Senator - - she lead the daze Jeff into he private office . jefferson ( enter with saunder ) what do they --? who be all that --? saunder one of the plague on member of Congress -- office - seeker , crank , people with pet bill . get my son into West Point -- or * outta * West Point . I have get a scheme to put people to work . how do I get rid of cockroach ? some woman 's compose a hymn to replace the Star spangle Banner . want to hear it ? jefferson ( laugh ) no -- not today ! Boy , I feel like a house afire ! saunder -- how do I do ? saunder great . jefferson I -- I do not know how I get it out . my heart be right up here all the time -- ( then --excitedly ) I wonder what Senator paine think of it ? saunder must have be tickle pink . jefferson gee -- I hope so . what 's all this ? saunder contribution from boy who read about you camp . jefferson already ? all this letter ? saunder oh , that be only local . wait will they start pour in from all over the country . jefferson do you mean all -- look -- look we would better open they up -- see what they say here -- look at the money -- what do it say - - " dear Senator Smith , I would like to come to you boy 's camp and I shine shoe at the station and here 's nine cent . " oh , be not that wonderful . look and he sign it . " your truly , stinky Moore . " be not that marvelous ? ( break off -- look in desk drawer ) say -- have I get some paper here ? saunder second drawer . jefferson good ! I be go to be pretty busy tonight -- saunder not another bill ? jefferson no! letter . I have get to write to the ranger and ma--and - - I be bustin ' with news ! why , I have introduce a bill ! I -- Jeff Smith . I get up and talk in the Senate ! ( he sit down excitedly at he desk ) saunder do you want to dictate they ? jefferson the letter ? gosh -- no . I could not talk letter . I have gotta scratch them out . and say -- I be go to tell ma all about you . if I tell it right -- the first thing you know you be go to get the best jar of preserve you ever taste . saunder ( start for the door ) thanks a lot . jefferson oh --* saunder *! he come leaping around from behind the desk -- grab she hand . jefferson I --i -- gee whiz -- I do not thank you ! saunder do not mention it -- jefferson I mean it . I - - without you , I could 't have -- the phone ring . saunder take a step to the desk to get the phone . jefferson go back behind he desk . saunder hello . ( Rather startle ) who ? who ? in the paine live room : susan ( on the phone ) Susan paine . in jefferson' private office , Jeff sit at he desk , prepare to write -- indifferent to saunder 's conversation . saunder cast a quick look at Jeff . saunder ( into phone ) how do you do ?... yes , go ahead . in the paine live room : susan I be sorry to bother you , saunder - - but you have get to help I . I be elect to snatch Mr. jefferson Smith from the Senate tomorrow -- in jefferson' private office , while Jeff be still busy over he papers : saunder you be -- what ? in the paine live room : susan there 's trouble brewing some place and I be to turn on my glamour for he . I have get to take he out . you sympathize , do not you , saunder ? in jefferson' private office : saunder ( with a glance at the occupy Jeff ) awkward , be not it ? in the paine live room : susan here 's what you have get to do for I . take he out and buy he a suit of clothes that fit -- and a hat . a manicure and haircut would not do any harm -- and if you can get in a little practice with a fork and a teacup -- . as one woman to another , saunder - - that be , I hate to ask you to do it , but -- in jefferson' private office : saunder ( into the phone ) but as one woman to another , of course . in the paine live room : susan thanks , saunder . and now --is--uh -- young lochinvar around ? in jefferson' private office : saunder yes -- right here . just a second -- ( extend phone to Jeff ) miss paine . jefferson ( look up as if he have be kick ) * who *! miss --! be that --? why do not you --? Holy smoke ; ( grabbing the phone -- breathlessly ) h-hello ... yes , miss paine ... how -- how be you , miss paine ...? what ?... escort * you * gee -- I mean --* sure * -- * yes *! I would be --. reception for a * princess *! gosh !... thanks , miss paine . yes . I - - I will be there ! Goodbye , miss paine . ( hanging up , and get up excitedly ) do you hear that ? -- escort Susan paine --reception for a princess ! imagine she call I --ask * I *-- ! saunder get you hat , Senator . we have get a lot to do between now and tomorrow -- jefferson wow ! as he make a dive for he hat , the scene dissolves to glimpsis of the shopping tour of jefferson Smith : he have the Prince Albert coat of a new suit on -- stand before a mirror - - the sleeve too short -- look * really * like a scarecrow - - and be frighten of he own image in the mirror . saunder be stand by , supervise . he be try to walk in a pair of point black shoe . his foot hurt terribly . he be try on hat . we catch one that sit on he head like a peanut . he look to saunder , who shake she head . in a barber 's chair -- he hair be cut -- he nail be be manicure . he stare unbelievingly down at the manicurist 's work . Jeff , in he room , be get all trick out in he new clothes . saunder tie he tie and put a flower in he buttonhole . finally the scene dissolves into the paine limousine , and we see , at last , the full result of the dress of jefferson Smith -- togged out from top to toe , and very uncomfortable . Susan snatch glance at the effect , out of the corner of she eye . jefferson ( with a struggle ) I - - I be awfully glad to be -- that be , it be nice of you to -- ( give up , he make a attempt at conversation ) uh--how 's you father ? susan splendid . jefferson uh-- that 's good . and--uh--you ? susan I be splendid , too . jefferson that 's -- that 's splendid . susan and how 's you bill , Senator ? jefferson oh , the bill . oh--splend -- I mean -- ( with a disarming smile ) I -- I just can not seem to talk in this suit . ( her eyebrow lift ) I will tell you a secret . it 's brand new . susan well ! you do not say ! jefferson ( intimately - - boyishly ) it 's just as well to tell you -- because if we be go to get off on the right foot -- I mean - - in case I act sort of strange - - it 's the suit . susan ( at a loss ) well --i -- jefferson ( laugh ) funnier thing have happen . ma say when pa be court she , he act strange for month . do not make sense -- or anything . and one day , on a hunch , ma say : " Clayton , so help I , you talk like a man whose collar be too tight to bear . " " not the collar , Mary , " he say , " my shoe . " " well , for land 's sake , " ma say , " take the pesky thing off ! " which pa do , a ' they be engage within a week . susan you be not go to take you * suit * off ! jefferson ( alarmed ) no! no! gosh . see , there you be ! I be not make sense ! the scene dissolves to the live room of dize apartment , at dinner time . diz be mixing a drink . saunder , she hat on as though she have not be there long , be restless . diz well -- I stick my foot in it again at the President 's press conference today -- ( casually ) how come so early ? get the day off ? saunder they decoy the little General off to a tea party to keep he out of the Senate . diz well , well -- ( then --pick up ) yeah -- I get smart and think I would slip one over on the old man in the press meeting . I say , " Mr. President , about the monopoly investigation - - " and he jump right in and say , " diz , if you be sit in my chair , would you answer the question you be about to ask ? " he have I . saunder ( pay no attention ) I do not mind * who * get lick in a * fair * fight , diz . it 's this clout below the belt I can not take . sick that horrible dame on he -- when he 's goofy about she -- diz what dame ? saunder paine . diz oh-- yeah -- saunder he be not go to hurt enough as it be . * she * have to twist a knife in he , too -- the regal jackass ! " I will turn my glamour on he , " she say -- diz forget it , kid . what 's it * to * you ? saunder nothing . I be just say -- I might be able to lie , cheat , steal - - and I would still tear into a guy I see kick a dog . not that *he* be , by a long shot -- diz okay . so what ? stop worry . I have tell you -- the dope be gonna inherit the earth anyway -- saunder I have wonder , diz-- maybe this Don Quixote 's get the jump on all of we . I have wonder -- maybe it 's a curse to go through life wise up like you and I -- diz now , look , kid -- if we be gonna wonder , let 's go down and do it over a hunk of steak . ( handing she a drink ) come on , snap out of it . diz Moore -- that rarest of companion -- be here at you side . ( lift he glass ) to genteel crime , kid . saunder ( lift hers ) and to Don Quixote ! the scene dissolves to a restaurant at night , with saunder and diz at a corner table -- drink in front of they -- both feel pretty high and loose - tongue . saunder be alternate lightness with grimness . ( Music from someplace off ) . diz be finish a story . diz -- and the guy see a drunk , lookin ' around under the street lamp , see - - and he say -- whatsa matter ? -- lose something ' ? yeah -- my cigarette case -- drop it in the next block . ( point way over ) next block !-- the guy say to the drunk -- whaddaya lookin ' for it here for ?... ' Cause there 's more light here , the drunk say -- they laugh . saunder why do I always laugh at that ? diz " there 's more light here , " he say -- saunder drunk be funny -- diz yeah . funny -- saunder ( reflectively - - sober suddenly ) yeah . diz yeah . some of my best friend be funny . saunder every time I think of it , I get a laugh , diz . diz my friend ? saunder Old Don Quixote -- man of the people Smith -- diz ( call ) waiter ! saunder -- followin ' miss Susan fass - pass around -- he little heart poundin ' away -- the sound of angel ' wing in he ear . the waiter come over . diz now , you have go and let Don Quixote in here again . I tell you to keep he out ! saunder shut up , diz . diz ( to waiter ) mind , now ! keep Don Quixote out of here ! the waiter back away -- shaking he head . saunder and I get he all dress up , too - - to go way up in a balloon -- so they can drop he a long way -- make sure they break he heart . why , not all the Boy ranger in the world , work night shift , will be able to put Humpty - dumpty together again -- diz now --how would Humpty - dumpty get in here ? saunder do you know how I feel , diz ? diz no. how would you feel ? Quick . saunder like a mother send she kid off to school for the first time -- watchin ' the little fella toddle off -- in he best bib and tucker -- and you sink in the middle -- hope he can stand up to the other kid -- will not get he feel hurt -- and -- if you could only spare he the knock he 's gotta take -- ( catch herself ) say -- who start this ? diz * I be * just wait for a street car -- saunder well -- cut it out . see ? who * care * anyway ? diz I apologize . saunder * all right* , then . after all , what 's it to I ? so they * drop * he out of a balloon . all I care be -- I do not want to be around . see ? squeamish . see ? that 's what I be . no , sir . I do not have to take it . wo not be a party to no murder . I be gonna quit . I be through . diz again ? good idea . saunder diz -- diz yeah . saunder how about get marry ? diz ( same tone ) good idea . when ? saunder any time . diz tonight ? saunder okay . you do not mind ? diz I will cherish ya . saunder you -- you have be a good egg , diz . maybe we could clear out of this town -- get to feel like * people * -- get the habit of lift up we eye -- live like we just get out of a tunnel . diz ( startle ) tunnel ? saunder you have never see prairie grass with the wind lean on it , have you , diz ? diz be the wind tired out there ? saunder or angry little mountain stream -- and cattle move against the sun . you have not see any of that , have you , diz ? diz have * you *? saunder no . diz do we * have * to ? saunder ( fling the mood off ) no ! I can not think of anything more sappy ! ) diz well , let 's get go . saunder where ? diz we be gonna get marry . saunder ( get she purse and hat together ) yeah -- that 's right . diz -- diz what ? saunder I case you do not know -- I want to give ya a chance to back out if you do not like it -- diz what ? saunder my first name 's -- clarissa . diz yeah , I know . that 's okay . saunder do not say " okay , " diz . say you think it 's beautiful . diz okay -- I mean -- saunder you do not know a name off -hand you like better , do you , diz ? diz ( think ) no -- not offhand -- saunder nothing like --uh --susan - - or anything like that , huh ? diz Susan ? Nah ! saunder ( break into diz violently ) I will not take it ! see ? I will not be party to murder . see ? steering a poor dope up blind alley for that graft Taylor mob be low enough . but help that dame cut he up in little piece besides -- nobody 's gonna make I do that . no , sir . diz you say it ! saunder I be get out of there . right now , diz . right now . bonus or no bonus . I be gonna clear outa that office -- everything I own -- my extra hat -- everything -- she start to scramble out from behind the table . diz be startle by she sudden , furious movement . diz hey ! we be gettin ' marry --! saunder ( without pause ) right now -- everything I own --! she be on she way . diz , with a great effort , scramble out from behind the table after she . the scene dissolves to jeff' private office , where jefferson , he collar undone , be write with great eagerness , he eye alight . suddenly a desk drawer slam off scene . he look up . jefferson ( call ) saunder ? no reply . another desk drawer slam . jefferson saunder ! saunder ' voice whadaya want ? Jeff , puzzle at the tone of she voice , rise . he start slowly around from he desk . jefferson saunder -- I look for you -- she appear in the doorway , pugnaciously . saunder yeah ? what for ? she head for the coat-rack to get she extra hat . saunder I know . do not tell I . it be a wonderful party . you suit go over big . and she look beautiful , and she give she hand when you leave she -- and say -- " thank you , Mr. Smith . " oh , but it be the way she * say * it . you like to fall through the floor -- horseradish ! jefferson ( fairly speechless under this violent attack ) saunder --! saunder and you be write ma all about it . and you pigeon will carry the message of love . and the first thing you know -- Susan paine will get the best jar of preserve she ever taste ! jefferson be you drunk ? she return to the outer office -- Jeff follow . there diz be collapse in a chair , and saunder be collect she thing . saunder certainly . you do not think I be a lady , do you ? you do not think a * lady * would be work for this outfit . even * i* can not take it anymore . I quit . can not take a lot of thing . * you * . I can not watch a simple guy like you -- ( break off - - in a burst ) why do not you go back home ? take my advice . go on back to you prairy -- roust you ranger around -- tell you little stream about you camp and the land of the free ! this be not any place for you . you be half - way decent . you do not belong here . go home . that 's all I will tell you . that 's all . I owe my conscience that much . I owe it a lot more , but -- ( suddenly --indicate diz ) meet the man I be go to marry ! diz be see force a smile and feeble wave at Jeff . diz tha 's I . saunder turn viciously on Jeff , who be stunne and silent . saunder well -- why do not you say something -- what be you stand there for - -? ( then - - on a wild impulse ) wait a minute ! she tear for the file -- dive into one section of they . saunder why do not I get out of this place clean ? ( lift a print bill out ) want to be a Senator , huh ? gonna build a camp on willet Creek ! see this ? Appropriations Bill . a little section -- number forty . a * dam 's * go up where you think you be gonna have a camp . ever hear of it ? no . they read all about it in the Senate today -- but you be not suppose to hear it . that 's why that ritzy dame take you in tow . that 's why they send you here in the first place -- because you would not know a dam from a bathtub ! ( fling it on a desk ) go ahead --* try * to build you camp -- * try * to mess up Mr. Taylor 's little graft ! go ahead -- be a Senator ! but if you * can not * be -- and you can not in nine million year -- go on home -- do not hang around here make people feel sorry for you ! come on , diz . she grab diz by the hand and pull he to the door , while Jeff stare blankly at the bill on the desk . in the corridor , diz and saunder come through . she stop , look ahead dazedly . diz well -- let 's dig up the preacher , kid . saunder ( in a suddenly sober trance ) huh ? diz you know , we be get marry . saunder ( suddenly crack up , sobbing ) take I home , diz . the scene dissolves to paine' live room at night . Jeff be on he foot , in the midst of a dramatic delivery . paine be try to sit calmly and judicially . mcgann , tip back in a chair , be whittling he nail , try to seem disinterested . jefferson ( emphatically ) -- I may not know much about a lot of thing , sir -- but I know that willet Creek country like a book -- and -- and I tell you , Senator paine - - there 's something * wrong * about this dam -- why , there be not a foot of water in that creek -- it 's dry four month out of the -- paine Jeff --listen -- this be all take up in the State legislature and approve -- they be go to divert water from up above -- jefferson but -- there be a hundred other place in the state that * need * the water . besides -- I talk to Kenneth Allen , who own some of that land -- and he do not say anything about a dam . no -- I be sure , sir - - there 's something wrong -- and I -- I will not vote on this thing until I get a lot of question answer -- paine ( strongly ) Jeff ! you be try to understand in a moment everything about a project that take two year to set up -- the reason -- the benefit -- jefferson yes -- the * benefit *! what 's a man call Taylor get to do with this ? mcgann 's tip - back chair come forward with a thud and he get up . jefferson he 's a newspaper publisher I know -- and -- mcgann what make you think he 's get * anything * to do with it ? jefferson saunder say -- this whole thing be * he * idea to get graft --! paine ( forcefully ) one minute , Jeff ! mcgann start quickly in the direction of the foyer . paine you be accuse * I * of help to frame a bill for the benefit of * one * individual -- mcgann enter a telephone closet in the foyer and pick up the phone . paine' voice -- of help to put through a scheme for * graft *! mcgann kick the door close . mcgann ( grimly - - into the phone ) Long distance . get I James Taylor -- Jackson City --main 3100 -- the scene dissolves to the governor's library at night . hubert be in he dress gown and nightshirt -- fearful . Taylor pace furiously . Kenneth Allen , middle - age , sit by quietly . taylor Boy Ranger ! the answer to a prayer . manna from heaven ! do not know the time of day --! hubert will you please tell I *exactly * what he 's do ? taylor yes ! he 's about to blow the whole machine to smithereen -- and * you with it * , Mr. Governor ! hubert me! jim--how --? taylor you could not understand ! listen , ten thumb , I will be on my way to Washington in half a hour . whatever happen , I be all ready for this Ranger of yours . never mind how . you will get you instruction from Ken Allen here . it be not anything you have to do . I would not trust you to lick a stamp . Allen will do it himself . you just use you * high office * to help he get it do . understand ? hubert y-y , Jim . taylor I doubt it ! come on , Ken . Taylor start for the door -- Allen follow . hubert Jim -- wait -- will you please tell I -- ? Taylor and Allen have slam out . hubert ( protest frantically -- to himself ) blow * I * to smithereen ! my record be * clean * ! the scene dissolves to taylor's HOTEL suite in Washington , with Taylor see at he breakfast -- calm , quiet . around he be paine , mcgann and three men-- congressman radner , schultz and digg . paine ( nervously ) -- I have use every argument in the world to try to turn he off . he just keep come back to the dam -- and what he know -- mcgann saunder ! I would like to tie she in a sack and drop she from the Brooklyn Bridge -- paine ( wave at the three man ) -- now he want to talk to the congressman from the willet Creek district -- he 's run they name down -- there be a knock on the door . taylor that 's he . let he in . paine ( suddenly - - alarmed ) wait a minute -- Jim -- you do not ask * Smith * over here ! taylor what do you think ? paine Jim , you can not come here and pull that steamroller stuff . you method will not do here . this boy be a Senator , however it happen , he 's a Senator . this be Washington . taylor steamroller stuff , Joe ? my method do not go in Washington ? they have do pretty well by now , have not they ? paine oh , Jim , that 's beside the point . this boy 's different . he 's honest and beside he think the world of I . we can not do this to he . taylor well , what do you want I to do ? stand around like you chump and let that drool infant wrap that willet Creek dam appropriation around my neck . either he fall in line with we and behave himself or I will break he so wide open they will never be able to find the piece . paine Jim , I will not stand for it . taylor you will not stand for it ? paine I do not want any part of crucify this boy . taylor oh , I see . out steamroller method be get too hard to you sensitive soul , be that it , Joe ? the Silver knight be get to big for we . my method have be all right for the past twenty year , Joe , since I pick you out of a fly-speck hole in the wall and blow you up to look like a Senator , and now you can not stand it . well , maybe you will not have to stand it , Joe . maybe we can fix it so you and you Boy Ranger can go home together . paine Jim , you do not have to -- taylor oh , it 's all right -- it 's all right . it seem a shame , though , to part company like this after all this year , especially now with a national convention come up . Joe , I have put everything I have behind you . and so do all of we friend , but I guess we will survive . we will just have to find somebody else that 's get a little more sense , that 's all . in the meantime , you explain to Mr. Smith about willet dam . it 's you bill -- it 's you reputation , and if he can not find enough fact to break you with , you just send he to I and I will give he a couple of good one . I be take the next plane home . paine Jim , it 's just that I like the kid -- I do not want to see you get too rough on he . taylor I be glad to see you come to you sense . you have I scared there for a minute , think . ( to mcgann ) let he in . mcgann open the door , and Jeff stand in the doorway . taylor come in . Jeff enter , look around at the face he have never see before . paine Jeff -- this be Mr. Taylor . taylor ( take he hand ) glad to know you , Senator . meet the boy -- paine ( quickly ) congressman , radner , schultz , digg -- voice of congressmen how be you , Senator ? glad to know you . how do you do ? taylor I happen to be pass through , Senator . I want to meet you . thanks for come . sit down . Jeff hesitates , look at the man , he eye rest on paine a moment . more and more puzzle , he take a chair just a step away . taylor well . I hear you have be right on you toe since you get here . pitch right in . lot of people take you for dumb -- but they be wrong . you be smart . in fact , * I * think you be smart enough to understand a situation when it 's explain to you -- jefferson like what , Mr. Taylor ? taylor well now -- just to take a example -- put up a dam - - on willet Creek . as I look at it -- that dam 's go to do the people of we state a lot of good -- jefferson yes , so I be tell , Mr. Taylor , but -- taylor ( interrupt ) but you have some objection here and there . and maybe right , for all I know . but the point be -- there 's no sense stop the whole work now -- specially after some man have work hard for a long time to put this through -- jefferson what be you interest in this , Mr. Taylor ? taylor mine ? why -- naturally -- whatever benefit the state be mighty important to I -- own a lot of its industry -- newspaper and other odd and end . and if I think you have the welfare of the state at heart , like myself -- for instance , if you be to turn around and help a project like this along instead of stand in the way -- why , I would say you be a man to watch . for a fellow you age , you would be in a spot to make a great start in life . if you like business -- you could pick any job in the state and go right to the top . or politics . if you like be a Senator . no reason why you could not come back to that Senate for the rest of you life . paine Jim ! taylor ( sharply ) just a minute , Joe ! paine ( fight ) you can not say * that * to -- taylor * i* know what I be do ! I will say what I * want *! paine rush to the door and be go . there be silence for a instant . Jeff rise . taylor sit down , Smith . I be not through . Jeff remain stand . taylor as I be say -- the state * need * man like you --* smart * man . ( indicating the boy ) now , this boy be . and they have be do all right . they do not worry about be re-elect -- or anything else . they take my advice -- and they will go a lot farther yet . so , you see , you have get a pretty important question to settle for yourself , Smith . but you be smart . you can decide that right now , can not you ? Jeff look from Taylor to the other boy . taylor ( after a pause ) can not you ? jefferson ( quietly ) you mean - - you tell this men-- and Senator paine what to do ? taylor yes ! I have tell Senator paine for twenty year -- jefferson you be a liar ! Jeff turn and start for the door . Taylor rush after he . taylor Smith ! ( stop he at the door ) you hear what I say . and I have * get * to have you answer --* now * ! ( as Jeff start to go ) listen . to put it another way -- if you have get any fool notion of buck this thing -- if you open you mouth when that bill be read in the Senate tomorrow - - if you so much as lift a finger to stop it -- you be through -- like no man * ever * be ! I be all ready for you . understand ? I give you my word on that . you be finish ! Jeff grab violently for the door and barge out . taylor I give you my word ! the scene dissolves to paine' private senate office , as Jeff enter , close the door behind he . paine , stand near he desk -- strain and miserable -- can not meet Jeff 's accuse , damn gaze . paine ( falter ) Jeff -- I want to talk to you -- sit down -- Jeff remain stand -- he eye fix on paine . paine listen , Jeff -- you -- you do not understand this thing -- you must not condemn I for my part in this without -- you have have no experience -- you see thing as black or white -- and a man as angel or devil . that 's the young idealist in you . and that be not how the world run , Jeff -- certainly not government and politics . it 's a question of give and take -- you have to play the rule -- compromise - - you have to leave you ideal outside the door , with you rubber . I feel I be the right man for the Senate . and there be certain power -- influence . to stay there , I must respect they . and now and then -- for the sake of that power - - a dam have to be build -- and one must shut he eye . it 's -- it 's a small compromise . the * best * man have have to make they . do you understand ? ( desperately and with great emotion as Jeff be silent ) I know how you feel , Jeff . thirty year ago -- I have that ideal , too . I be * you * . I have to make the decision you be ask to make today . ( break out ) and I compromise -- yes ! so that all this year I could stay in that Senate - - and serve the people in a thousand honest way ! you have get to face fact , Jeff . I have serve we State well , have not I ? we have the lowest unemployment and the high Federal grant . but , well , I have have to compromise , have to play ball . you can not count on people voting , half the time they do not vote , anyway . that 's how state and empire have be build since time begin . do not you understand ? well , Jeff , you can take my word for it , that 's how thing be . now I have tell you all this because -- well , I have grow very fond of you -- about like a son - - in fact , and I do not want to see you get hurt . now , when that deficiency Bill come up in the Senate tomorrow you stay away from it . do not say a word . great power be behind it , and they will destroy you before you can even get start . for you own sake , Jeff , and for the sake of my friendship with you father , please , do not say a word . Jeff go out quickly -- as paine stop dead , stare after he . the scene dissolves to the visitor's room adjacent to the Senate chamber , with taylor and paine huddle together , talk in low tone and rapidly -- people occasionally pass in the background . taylor it 's in you lap , Joe . keep a eye on he . if he get to he foot and say anything -- paine it 's crucify he --! taylor anything * better * to offer ? paine maybe he will not get up . taylor but -- if he * do * , Joe -- the bell sound -- paine walk away quickly . taylor ( call after in low voice -- caution ) Joe ! if he * do *--! the scene dissolves to the senate chamber , which first reveal the president of the Senate speak . president --dure the consideration of the deficiency Bill , there be a unanimous consent agreement -- jefferson be see keep he head up , he expression revealing nothing about what he intend to do . president's voice -- that no Senator shall speak more than once , or longer than five minute -- paine be see look over at jefferson . president's voice -- on any section of the bill . the clerk will begin the read . now the clerk rise with a copy of the bill in he hand . clerk ( read ) " a bill provide for deficiency appropriation for the fiscal year . section one . for emergency relief - - " in the visitor's gallery , taylor and mcgann be sit tensely , look down on the Senate floor . clerk voice " -- to create and erect public improvement on river , harbor and roadway in the state of -- " in the senate , the clerk in now half - way through the bill , hold plainly in he hand . clerk ( read ) " section forty : a appropriation for diverting and impound the headwater of willet Creek - - " jefferson be see alert and anxious and determine . clerk voice " -- in the natural basin of Terry Canyon . five million dollar - - " Jeff leap up . his hand be clench . his face be white . jefferson Mr. President ! taylor and mcgann , in the visitor 's Gallery , come forward in they seat . president's voice do the Senator desire to be hear on section forty ? jefferson ( on he foot now ) I do , sir . president the Senator understand he be limited to five minute ? jefferson ( tense and pale ) yes , sir -- in the visitor's gallery , Taylor 's eye be darting fire in the direction of paine . taylor ( viciously - - under he breath ) Joe ! president's voice you may proceed . in the chamber , paine be see hold the corner of he desk tensely . jefferson' voice Mr. President -- this section of the bill -- this dam on willet Creek be nothing but a -- paine Mr. President ! paine be on he foot . Jeff , puzzle , look toward paine and stop . president ( to Jeff ) do Senator Smith yield to he colleague Senator paine ? jefferson , he eye wonderingly on paine , do not know what to do for a instant . jefferson ( hesitantly ) y-y . paine ( with difficulty -- while Jeff remain stand ) Mr. president--gentlemen--i -- I have rise to a painful duty -- to say that , out of evidence that have come to my attention , I consider Senator Smith unworthy to address this body ! Senators turn around to look at paine - - on such a amazing statement . a hum from the gallery . the gavel pound . jefferson , see closely , have he head turn to paine in frank wonderment . paine' voice I -- I have hesitate to speak -- but , in all conscience -- taylor and mcgann be now tense but relieved . paine' voice -- I must . paine , see at close view , be under great strain , look away from Jeff and toward the chair . paine it be a charge as grave and -- and as infamous - - as have ever be make from the floor against a fellow member -- in the PRESS gallery , the Press Men be lean forward alertly -- mouth open to catch the next word . paine' voice I refer to the bill he have introduce in this chamber to create a National Boy 's Camp . he name a portion of land to be dedicated for that purpose -- ( hurling he charge with desperate strength ) and to be buy by contribution from boy all over America . ( gritting he tooth to go on ) Senators -- I have conclusive evidence to prove that my colleague *own * the very land he describe in he bill ! he buy it the day follow he appointment to the Senate ! and be hold it --use this body and he privileged office - - to legalize a outrageous profit for himself -- out of the purchase of that land through the nickel and dime scrape together by the boy of this country -- ! a close view reveal jefferson , strike dumb and cold -- as a uproar go up around he . and a close view show taylor and mcgann satisfied , relieved , amid the shouting . in the PRESS gallery , the reporter pile up the narrow aisle stair to the press room behind they , as the uproar in the Senate be hear . in the senate PRESS room ( behind the Press Gallery ) , the press boy come rush in and dive for the telegraphic service of the various newspaper man shouting : -- a near riot ! Ranger Smith brand from the floor by -- -- paine hurl sensational graft charge at -- -- nothing like it in fifty year ! paine charge Smith use office to -- Senate order immediate hearing -- before committee on privileges and election - -! most terrific accusation in the history of -- the scene dissolves to the smith sitting room in Jackson City . it be evening and ma be surround by kid -- all stare at headline . a boy Jeff -- do anything like that ! another they -- they're crazy ! thereupon , in the hopper study at night , hubert , stricken numb , be be attack by he child who have papers in they hand . peter * Jeff *-- take money from * kid *! jimmie it 's a * frame *! otis a dirty frame ! hubert ( call for help ) Emma ! the scene dissolves to door in the Senate Building on which be print the word committee on privilege and election ; and to the committee room , with the Committee in session - - a close hearing . Kenneth Allen be on the stand . chairman how long have you know Senator Smith , Mr. Allen ? allen oh - - a good many year . he use to use my land up around willet Creek every summer for he scout camp . seem like a mighty nice fellow . and when he can to I with this proposition -- chairman what proposition ? allen why - - a deal for that two hundred acre . ' course , at the time , I do not know about he appointment to the Senate - - or anything like that -- a senator do he say what he want that two hundred acre for ? allen no . he would not tell I at the time . he just make I this proposition . Said he have a great chance to sell that land for about five hundred a acre . if I would deed it to he for six month , he would try to turn it over and split what he get for it . I have nothing to lose . I would be glad to sell for twenty - five a acre . so we set it up like this . I deed he the land -- and *he give I * a contract guarantee I half what he get if he make the sale . sounded kinda fishy at the time -- and when I hear about he camp bill I know there be some dirty business go on and I go right to Governor Hopper with the whole story -- chairman have you get that contract , Mr. Allen ? allen ( go into he pocket ) you do not think that land would be in he name if I do not have , do you ? now hubert Hopper be on the stand -- perspire and anxious . hubert -- frankly , gentleman - - the morning Mr. Kenneth Allen burst into my office bring proof that jefferson Smith have buy that land -- well , frankly , I -- I be dumbfounded ! jefferson Smith -- of all people ! * never * be a chief executive so -- so * betrayed * in he child like trust in man ! to think that -- chairman ( interrupt wearily ) pardon I , Governor . we be interested in certain fact at the moment . what do you do when Mr. Allen bring this matter to you attention ? hubert I consult at once with the head of the Department of record -- Arthur Kim . now Arthur Kim be on the witness stand -- a smooth , shifty , careful guy . chairman Mr. Kim -- do you remember recording this deed ? kim ( with copy of the deed in he hand ) yes , on the date set forth here , Mr. Kenneth Allen come before I to record this deed -- set over this two hundred acre in the name of jefferson Smith -- a senator let I understand . Mr. Smith do * not * appear before you ? kim no , sir . that be not require by we state law -- now Senator paine be talk to the Committee with apparent difficulty -- and reluctance . paine this be a very painful duty for I . this boy be the son of my very best friend . I sponsor he in the Senate . I help he frame he Bill and the day he present it I go over to congratulate he but I point out that a dam be already go up on the very site he have choose for he camp . there be hundred of equally good camp site nearby and so I suggest he choose another . he become furious . he say , " move the dam . " I be amaze at he violent reaction . I could not understand it , until the evidence come to I that he own that very two hundred acre and , as you have hear , have carefully make plan to make a enormous profit out of the nickel and dime scrape together by the boy of this country . face with that and regardless of my personal feeling for the boy , my sense of duty tell I that he expulsion from the Senate be the only possible answer . then Jeff be on the stand -- grim , determine , while the chairman hold the deed and contract . chairman ( strongly ) -- what possible explanation can you offer for this charge be -- as you say - - " trump up " against you ! jefferson ( firmly ) it be do to stop I from talk about a section of the Appropriations Bill ! chairman it be ? jefferson yes ! this be how I could be put out of the Senate and out of the way ! they even * promise * I that if I - - a senator wait a minute . Three day ago this bill be read in detail before the body . why do not you object then ? jefferson I be not * in * the Senate that day . senator where be you ? jefferson to -- to a reception -- uh -- for a princess -- I forget she name -- after a instant 's pause , a quick look pass between the Chairman and the Committee . chairman and you say you never sign this contract with Mr. Allen ? jefferson I do not -- chairman you have never * see * this contract . jefferson never . chairman but you do * talk * to Mr. Allen about that and --? jefferson I -- I discuss it with he -- yes -- because I - - you see , I have always have this camp in mind -- but I make no contract with he ! chairman ( shove contract at Jeff ) then -- this be * not * you signature , Senator ? jefferson look like it , but -- chairman but it * be not *? jefferson it could not be . chairman you be say , in effect , that this be a forgery ? jefferson I be say I do not sign it ! we see jefferson' hand write he name -- the eighth signature in a row . then a man on the stand be compare papers in he hand . man in my professional opinion as a expert on handwrite , I would say that the name of jefferson Smith on this contract have be forge -- then another man stand before a large screen , with Jeff 's signature blow up on it . second man -- after a long study of this signature it be my professional opinion that it be definitely in jefferson Smith 's own handwrite --! then a third man be on the stand -- with papers spread before he -- compare as he talk . third man it be extremely difficult to tell a clever forgery from the real thing . you can always get divide opinion from expert . but I would stake my whole twenty - year professional career on the fact that this be not a forgery , but be Mr. Smith 's own signature -- the scene dissolves to taylor's HOTEL suite , at night , Taylor eagerly on the phone -- mcgann excitedly stand by -- paine stand in the background thoughtfully . hubert ( " happy " ) Hopper be also there and look nervous . taylor ( excitedly ) hello ! I say * Sam hendrick * -- the editor ! can not you hear ? this be Jim Taylor -- in Washington . put he on ! ( a slight wait ) hendrick ! Jim . it 's all over . Smith 's hearing 's close -- Joe 's canvass the committee -- privately . first thing tomorrow in the Senate , they will bring in a resolution to * expel * he - - to throw he out ! mcgann ( exultantly ) a dead goose ! taylor ( into the phone ) it will be vote unanimously ! get we papers ready -- smear it all over . and the second he 's out -- the deficiency Bill pass the Senate - - and we be home ! stick close to the office , hendrick -- I will be call ! he hang up . mcgann be out of he mind with joy . mcgann ( to Hopper ) you Ranger 's on the garbage pile , happy ! he 's do for ! paine ( break out wildly at mcgann ) shut up ! you have * get * the man pillory ! do you have to dance around he like a cannibal --! taylor ( to Hopper ) by the skin of you tooth you get out of this one , happy - - by the skin of you --! paine be go for the door . taylor hey -- Joe ! where you go ? we have get to celebrate tonight ! paine no--i -- I will take a walk -- ( he continue out ) the scene dissolves to saunder ' room at night where saunder be stand at she window , look out absently as diz walk around furiously . diz he 's cook ! they will drum the poor lug out of that chamber tomorrow as sure as I be - -! and now they be all down on he . yeah -- my press pal , too -- he 's a bad egg -- still water run deep . boloney ! it 's the frame of all time ! when I see a phoney like this -- my journalist blood boil -- I wanna * fight * ! ( then ) look , kid -- rack you brain , will you ? have not you get any confidential stuff on that mob ? I will write my arm off -- I will blow Taylor and he -- saunder ( whirling away from window ) I have tell you ten time -- if I have anything they could not bat down in a second , do not you suppose I would have be up in that hearing yell murder ! sure -- he be cook the night I sound off like a fool and spill the whole work ! diz then -- in the name of kindness to dumb animal -- we can not let he walk into that Senate tomorrow and take a terrible punch in a nose ! a couple of we go up there -- tell he all he could do be beat it -- resign - - clear out . but -- he 's in a daze -- he 's be hit by a ton of brick . just say , " I have not do anything . why should I resign ? " he might * listen * to * you * -- saunder why I ? diz come on -- do not pull that . you know you would give you right --. what be you stay away from he for ? saunder you do not think he would want * I * within fifty mile , do you ? -- after the exhibition he see I give ! do you see he * face *--? diz all I know be -- he say to I tonight -- " what do you wife think ? " my wife . thinks we be marry -- saunder well , then , that 's great ! and that 's a great place to leave it ! it 's no use *my * barging into this now and -- a knock on the door stop she . saunder ( call ) yes ! the door be open by paine . he look from saunder to diz - - then back to saunder . diz glare at paine with pretty bold contempt . paine I - - want to see you , saunder - - diz grab up he hat angrily . diz go ahead . ( bitterly - - as he pass paine ) well , we certainly hunt that bad Ranger down , do not we ? good work , * Senator * ! and diz slam out . paine and saunder stare at each other a instant . then : saunder ( with brutal coldness ) what do you want , Senator ? paine saunder -- it 's go to go pretty bad for Jeff tomorrow . there 's only one thing that can be do for he now -- ( take a fold paper from he pocket ) I -- I have write he resignation . he resign under protest -- deny all charge . no one will ever be sure if he be guilty or not . it leave he with at least a shred of honor . the other way -- brand openly in the Senate -- expell - - he will never live it down . Rather a simple compromise than utter ruin . in a year -- the whole thing might be forget -- saunder what be you drive at ? you want * I * to get he to sign that ? paine yes -- saunder why do not you do it yourself ? paine he 's lose complete faith in I -- saunder well -- I , too ! paine but -- you love he , do not you , saunder ? saunder what be you talk about ? what difference --? paine do you ? saunder all right --* yes *! and what do that make I to he ? * nothing * ! I have get to go about my own business -- and forget it ! paine I think I could , too . ( with mock lightness for a instant ) * my* business -- this fine future ! I have no future I * care * about , if this boy be break ! I -- I can not sleep . the only important thing in my life now be to save what I can for he . I want he to get a start again -- I will see that he 's take care of as long as he life - -! ( then ) saunder -- whether you ever mean anything to he or not -- saunder * me! I *! I *still * do not see why I should --! if you love he so much , why do not you go to he yourself and -- ? or better still - - get up in that Senate and * fight * for he ! paine it 's too late now -- it 's *impossible *! saunder so I go right back where I be -- carry compromise -- cover up -- back to political trick -- this time for - -! no ! I be just get rid of all that . if I do * anything * , I ought to go and tell he to stand up and --. no ! I do not want any part of it ! Smith or anything else ! I be all through . I want to be leave alone ! she turn she back to paine , and go to the window . he hesitates a moment -- then move to leave , drop the fold paper on the table . he go . saunder turn and see the paper . she clamp she jaw and turn away again . the scene dissolves to jeff' private office at night . Jeff be behind he desk -- only the desk lamp light in the room -- sit numbly , stare ahead blankly . the phone ring -- startling he . he pick it up slowly . jefferson hello ... who ? ( hesitate , make a difficult decision ) yes -- all right --i -- I will take it . ( brighten he voice ) hello , ma. the smith sitting room , ma be on the phone . ma ( with a bright , cheerful manner ) hello , jefferson . how be you , son ? in jeff' private office : jefferson just fine , ma , fine ... no -- really , ma--everyth 's fine . uh-- how're all the boy ? in the smith sitting room : ma ( tear in she eye ) they be wonderful , son . they miss you a lot -- in jeff' private office : jefferson ( he chin quivering ) do , huh ? well , gee , that 's -- that 's great . how 's amo ?... be , huh ? good for he -- in the smith sitting room : ma ( get pretty shaky -- swallow hard ) well -- I just get a fool notion to call , that 's all . oh -- jefferson - - you know , when a man 's right -- he do not have to worry none -- he will just naturally come * out * right . we know that , do not we , son ? in jeff' private office , we see that ma have nearly break Jeff down . he hang on with all he 's get . jefferson why , sure , ma , sure . ( quickly - - to avoid cry outright ) well -- so long , skinny . he hang up quickly -- and rise from he chair . he appear to have be push to the break point . in terrible torment , he look out the window . then , on a impulse , he seize he hat from off the corner of he desk and start out . the scene dissolves to the lincoln memorial : Jeff be walk up the step , he eye lift up intently to something ahead . the memorial stand magnificent and breathtaking -- light up -- in the background , as he mount the step . Jeff gain the top level and proceed toward the lincoln figure , and the stone lincoln come into view in the background -- dramatically light . he approach to within fifteen foot of the figure and pause . now jeff be scan the face of lincoln with a torture expression . then , he turn away -- as if not be able to face the spirit of the man - - and move quickly to the step . then Jeff , nearly blind , stumbling out of the interior of the Memorial , come to a stop at a column -- then break down completely , slip to the step at the base of the column and bury he face in he hand . saunder be stand near another column close by , she eye on Jeff , and be swallow back she tear . when she hear Jeff 's sob , she start toward he . she come to he and sit down beside he . it be a instant before he realize that anyone be there . saunder ( quietly ) hello . jefferson saunder -- he turn away , and try to recover himself . she wait -- watch he . at last , Jeff can trust himself to talk . jefferson ( attempt lightness ) well gee -- how - - how have you be , saunder ? I -- I have not see you in -- . I suppose -- now that you be marry -- saunder I be not . he stare at she . saunder no . that night --i -- well , * you * know -- I be pretty --. no -- diz be a-- a sort of brother , that 's all -- jefferson ( try to laugh a little ) that 's funny . I think all along -- ( then earnestly ) gee --i -- I be glad to see you . I * think * of you -- I mean -- I want to talk to someone and -- well -- ( with toss of head at statue ) -- Mr. lincoln have not much to say -- ( break down - - blurt ) saunder -- I be not fit to sit up in the Senate - - have not you hear ? -- I rob boy of they penny and dime ! he turn away again , to get control of himself , saunder watch he . saunder ( after a pause ) what be you go to do ? jefferson I -- I do not know . I - - I be afraid they have get I lick . she take the resignation from she pocket . saunder Jeff -- paine ask I to give you this -- you resignation - - he write it out -- he take it from she incredulously and begin to read . saunder ( as she watch he -- quietly ) it might save some of the piece , Jeff . it would leave a doubt about the whole thing -- about you . might blow over , this way . jefferson ( avidly -- finish read ) yeah . I see . well -- that 's about the only thing to do . do not you think ? saunder ( non-committally ) well , I guess it 's a chance . jefferson yeah . I guess -- sometimes -- Senator paine must be right . sometimes you -- you get to compromise a little -- ( break off ) and if you say so too , saunder - - if * you * think that 's the thing to do -- saunder ( snatching the paper out of he hand ) I * do not * think that 's the thing to do ! no ! I think what you ought to do be --* fight * ! ( she tear up the paper ) jefferson wait -- saunder what you * have * to do be fight ! jefferson but -- I have do everything I -- saunder I do not care * what * you have do ! do not quit . do not grab a measly chance like this to save a few piece - - other man could -- but not you . as long as you live , you would remember you run out and throw this country of yours to the jackal --! jefferson ( bury he head -- hopelessly ) oh -- saunder -- saunder Jeff --listen -- remember the day you get here ? -- what you say about Mr. lincoln ? -- that he be sit up there -- watch -- wait for someone to come along ? well -- that be * you * . someone with a little plain , decent , uncompromising * rightness * -- to root out the Taylors - - yeah , and really light up that dome for once . this country could use some of that -- so could the whole drunken , cockey world right now - - a * lot * of it ! and when the right man come along -- no matter * what * the odd -- he can not * ever * quit ! a little fellow call David walk out with only a sling - shot -- but he have the * truth * on he side -- jefferson ( still hopelessly ) saunder -- if there be * any * way -- saunder we will * find * one ! only throw compromise out of the window -- stick to Jeff Smith , the man who first come to this town -- get up and * fight * -- and we will find * some * way . I do not know where we will wind up -- but the flag will be fly --! Jeff have be come to life . now he suddenly leap to he foot ! jefferson yay ! saunder ( get up , too ) hurray ! jefferson where do we go from here ? saunder to a hard night 's work , son . come on ! ( she seize he hand and pull he down the step ) the scene dissolves to the senate chamber , as the president pound the gavel . president the clerk will call the roll . the clerk 's voice begin to call the name -- and the voice of Senators answer . the President look out to jefferson' empty desk . then paine be see , also look at Jeff 's desk -- as paine answer to he own name . in the pack visitor's gallery , as the roll be hear , a old lady , who be knitting , and a old man look down . old man nope . not here . they never show up to face the music . old lady too bad . might have be a little excitement . taylor and mcgann be see smile down with satisfaction . mcgann well -- be not in he room last night . ten to one he 's on a train -- headin ' home to ma. in the PRESS gallery sweeney and farrell be look at Jeff 's empty seat . sweeney well , that 's good . never * could * stand execution -- in the senate chamber , the clerk read a few name , then : clerk jefferson Smith ! jefferson' voice ( ringing out ) here ! jefferson enter the chamber with a brisk step , he head hold high . the only thing peculiar about he be the bumpy appearance of he jacket pocket . in he hand be book and papers . everywhere there be reaction to he appearance . at the rostrum , the clerk , in amazement , have stop read , and watch Jeff 's progress to he desk . the saunder and diz enter the PRESS gallery , she carry a Senate manual , and jeff take he seat in the chamber . then a hum grow over the pack chamber see in full view . president ( bang ) the clerk will proceed with the roll ! the startle clerk , proceed , as jeff smile around at the chamber , and then look up at the Gallery , where saunder be wave to he --smile . the scene dissolves into the senate chamber . president -- proceeding now to the order of business -- senator' voice Mr. President ! the Senator , who be chairman of the Committee on privileges ( dearborn ) be on he foot . dearborn in pursuance of the notice I give yesterday , I desire to call up the report of the Committee on privileges and election on the expulsion of jefferson Smith . we see jefferson , smile a shade sickly , look up at saunder . president's voice the clerk will read the report . the clerk rise . Senator dearborn remain stand as the report be read , while in the PRESS gallery , saunder be see indicate " sit tight " to Jeff . clerk ( read ) the Committee on privileges and election report : that it appear to the satisfaction of the Committee , after hearing a number of witness , that justice to the Senate require that jefferson Smith no longer continue a member of this body . there be dead silence in the chamber . clerk voice ( as we see jeff smile courageously ) they therefore respectfully report this resoultion with the unanimous recommendation that the same do pass . clerk ( see in the full chamber ) resolved : that jefferson Smith be expell from he seat in the Senate . there be continue dead silence in the chamber , then a Senator rise . senator Mr. President , I move for the immediate adoption of the Resolution . in the PRESS gallery , saunder be now signal frantically to Jeff , and then jefferson and another Senator leap to they foot -- call out almost simultaneously : jefferson Mr. President ! senator Mr. President ! jefferson I address the chair first , sir ! senator I be about to ask for a roll call on the passage of the Resolution -- without further delay . the Senator can have nothing to say at this time that would not be either in bad grace or -- president however , Senator Smith be still a member of this body and as such have equal claim on the attention of the chair -- jefferson you be about to recognize I , sir -- president that be merely you *impression * , Senator . the chair have yet to settle the question to its own satisfaction ! in the PRESS gallery , on a nudge from saunder , diz applaud and yell : diz let he speak ! sweeney and flood also applaud diz 's cry . in the visitor's gallery , the Old Lady and Old man be lean forward interestedly - - eye bright . this be firework . they applaud , too , and immediately the sound grow all around they from people in the gallery . in the senate chamber , the president bang he gavel and look up at the gallery . president ( sharply ) before proceeding , I should like to remind visitor that they be here as we guest -- and ought to behave as such . I might add that they sentiment will certainly in no wise affect the judgment of this chair . he pause and glare out over the Senate . jefferson be see wait for the chair 's ruling -- hold he breath . there be a dead pause , during which Jeff and the contend Senator be on they foot . suddenly , the President whip he gavel up and out , like a referee say " in that corner - - ! " president ( bark ) the chair recognize Senator -- Smith ! a wave of excited relief sweep the chamber , while in the PRESS gallery , saunder ' tense face be thawing out fast . jefferson ( a smile break over he face ) I thank you , sir . he glance up at saunder , who smile back at he . jefferson ( address the chair ) well -- seem like some of the gentleman be in a pretty tall hurry to have I out of here . the way the evidence stack up against I , I can not say I blame them . but , hurry or no hurry , sir - - I have get a few thing to say before I leave . I try say them in here the other day and be stop colder and a mackerel . well , I be go to get they say now -- in fact , you might as well know , I be not let myself be expell from this chamber until I do . there be a hum in the chamber and the gavel pound . paine be on he foot . paine ( above the noise ) Mr. President ! will the Senator yield ? president ( to Jeff ) will Senator Smith yield to --? jefferson ( break in -- loudly and positively ) * no* , sir ! I be afraid not ! a sudden , astound quiet . jefferson I yield the floor the other day , if you remember -- and be practically never hear of again . a ripple from the gallery . the President pound he gavel . jefferson * no* , sir ! and we might as well get together on this " yield " right off the bat . I have some pretty good coach last night and I find that if I yield only for a question , a point of order , or a personal privilege , I can hold this floor a little short of doomsday . in other word , I have get a * piece * to speak - - and blow hot or cold , I be go to speak it . ( then --plung on ) Mr. President - - up on you desk there be a final conference report on a deficiency Bill -- wait to be pass . well , I be here to tell you that one section of it be nothing but a bareface thievery - - a piece of graft -- ! a hum go up ; the gavel pound -- and paine have leap to he foot . paine ( strongly ) will the Senator yield ? president ( pound again ) order ! ( to Jeff ) will Senator Smith yield to --? jefferson ( break in ) yield * how* , sir ? paine will he yield for a question ? jefferson ah , now , that 's better . paine ( angrily ) will he * yield *? jefferson for a * question * . paine do my colleague 's piece concern section forty of the bill - - a dam on willet Creek ? jefferson it do ! paine every * aspect * of this matter -- the gentleman 's attack on that section -- everything -- be deal with in the committee hearing -- jefferson ( try to break in ) Mr. President -- paine ( continue ) I wish to ask the gentleman-- have he one shred of evidence to add now to the defense he do not give -- and * could * not give at that same hearing ? jefferson ( sharply ) I have no defense against forge papers and -- paine ( break in ) the committee rule otherwise ! the gentleman stand guilty as charge . and I believe I speak for all the member when I say that no one care to hear what a man of he condemn character have to say about * any * section of * any * legislation before this house ! some applause break out over the floor -- and a commotion in the gallery . president ( pound ) order , gentleman ! jefferson Mr. President -- I stand guilty as * frame * ! because section forty be graft , and I be ready to say so . I be ready to tell you that one man in my state -- mister James Taylor - - be put that dam through for he own profit ! a hum of excitement , and the gavel pound . we get glimpsis of Taylor 's reaction and paine 's grow dread of this outburst . jefferson ( raise he voice ) a man who control a political machine -- and everything else worth control in that state -- powerful enough to buy man and put they in this Congress to legislate he graft ! I see three of that men-- when mister Taylor come here to see I . paine be up again . paine will the Senator -- jefferson I will not yield , sir ! this same man -- mister Taylor -- come here to offer I a place in this Senate for twenty year , if I would vote for a dam that he know and * I * know be a * fraud * ! but if I open my mouth against it , he promise to break I in two ! and I stand here one day and try -- I * start * to open my mouth -- and it all come to pass . the long , powerful arm of mister James Taylor reach right into this sacred chamber and take I by the scruff of the neck -- paine be on he foot desperately . paine Mr. President ! a point of order ! jefferson ( try to proceed ) Mr. President -- president ( rasp ) Senator paine will state it ! paine it be * I * who rise in this chamber to accuse he . he be say that I be carry out criminal order on falsify evidence -- jefferson Mr. President -- paine he have impute to I conduct unworthy a Senator - - and I demand he be make to yield the floor --! jefferson Mr. President -- I do not say that Senator paine be one of that congressman I see . if the chair please , I will deny that Senator paine * see * Taylor or even know he -- paine I * do * see Taylor ! and I be in that room ! a uproar all over the house . gavel pound . paine ( raise he voice above noise ) I accuse this man - - by he tone -- by he careful denial -- he be deliberately try to plant damaging impression of my conduct --! * I will * tell you why we be in tht room . because Mr. Taylor , a respected citizen of we State , have bring with he the evidence against this man , later present from this floor , and * we be urging he to resign * -- ! president ( bang ) order ! paine -- to avoid bring disgrace upon a clean and honorable State ! Jeff now listen in amazement -- stunne by the desperate , fight lie of paine . paine ( pitching on ) but he refuse . he threaten to bring that very disgrace down upon the State and all of we -- if we do not let he go through with he contemptible scheme ! more commotion . president order ! paine ( shouting ) finally , there be only one answer to a man like he -- the truth -- which I rise and give to this body ! ( rising to emphatic , desperate strength ) Mr. President - - he have tell lie upon lie- - every lie a desperate attempt to conceal he own guilt . and now , he be try to blackmail this Senate - - as he try to blackmail I ! to prevent he expulsion , he would probably even try to hold up this deficiency Bill -- vital to the whole country -- which must be pass immediately --* today * ! * anything * -- to force you to clear he bad name and save he hide ! ( then ) gentlemen --i -- I have no more patience with this -- this * rascally * character . I apologize to this body for he appointment -- I regret I have ever know he . I - - I be sick and tired of this contemptible young man and I refuse to listen to he any longer ! I hope every member of this body feel as I do ! with that , paine walk quickly to the cloakroom door -- and out . applause break out . the President do not try to compel order for a second . cries break out -- from gallery and floor . cry get off the floor ! yield ! yield ! boos commence , and we get glimpsis of saunder and the newsmen -- watch Jeff in this tight spot -- and of Taylor and mcgann , with hope in they eye . then Senators pop up . senator give up this disgraceful stand -- and quit the floor ! another senator the resolution to expel ! another one yield the floor ! president ( pound ) please address the chair -- cries of " yield " as the gavel rap . jefferson ( above the tumult ) Mr. President -- the gentleman want I to yield ! well -- I * would* , sir - - on one condition . this gentleman will not believe I -- but the people of my State will . I want to go back and tell * they * this story . I want one week -- and until I get back here and tell you what * they * say -- and bring you proof that I be right -- I want the Senate 's word that I will not be expell and that deficiency Bill will not be pass ! a uprising of man and gavel pound . senator will the Senator yield ? jefferson ( staunchly ) for a question ! senator have the gentleman the effrontery -- stand there convict and in disgrace - - to try to force the postponement of that bill --? jefferson for one week ! senator be he fully aware that this bill have be month in both house -- delay and delay -- million will be without food and shelter until its passage -- public work to relieve unemployment will be at a standstill -- government agency will be force to suspend -- ? another this be unthinkable and a outrage ! president order ! jefferson the outrage be section forty ! a senator Mr. President ! if the Senate yield to this form of blackmail -- from * this * man - - and * this * time -- it will become a laugh stock -- another senator Mr. President ! it 's a insult to this body to be ask to listen . a insult to we colleague , Senator paine . I , for one , will follow the Senator 's example and refuse to remain in this chamber as long as this man hold the floor ! the Senator start for the exit -- many member , with cry of agreement , rise and start to move with he . the gavel pound . president gentlemen ! jefferson be see watch the member 's progress toward the exit . his attitude be grim and steadfast . after a moment , he start deliberately and calmly to pull small package and a thermos bottle out of he bulg pocket . jefferson ( raise he voice ) well then , sir -- I guess I will just have to talk to the people of my State from here . in the Senate , the member continue out -- and the gallery lean over to see Jeff calmly continue to take he package out . jefferson and I know * one * thing -- wild horse be not go to drag I off this floor till that people have hear everything I have get to say . not if it take all winter . there be some applause in portion of the gallery , while we get glimpsis of depart Senators - - of gallery character -- of saunder , thrilled , and excited - - of Taylor and mcgann , who rise and start out . in the PRESS gallery , man go tumble up the stair , and then break into the PRESS room , shouting . reporter filibuster ! wow ! filibuster ! in the chamber , empty of Senators , Jeff be finish arrange he desk and the President be pound for order . jefferson yes , sir . I will go right on blast from here -- and if I know that people -- when I be through -- they will rear up and kick mister Taylor 's machine to kingdom come . he look up to saunder . she indicate the depart Senators , and hold up the Senate manual . jefferson , catch she signal , pick up the manual , and look at the empty chamber . jefferson uh -- Mr. President -- you and I be about to be alone in here , sir . I be not complain for social reason , but it would be a pity if the gentleman miss any of this . ( then , refer to he manual - - in a business - like tone ) Mr. President -- I call the chair 's attention to rule five of the stand rule of the Senate section Three . " if it shall be find that a quorum be not present , a majority of the Senators present - - , " and that begin to look like I -- " may direct the sergeant - at - arm to request , and if necessary * compel * the attendance of the absent Senators . " ( then -stoutly ) Mr. President --* I so direct * . president ( to the Secretary of the minority ) Ring the call to quorum . the quorum bell be sound . Jeff remain stand . jefferson no hurry , sir - - I have get plenty of time -- the quorum bell sound again . the scene dissolves to the senate PRESS room , as saunder tear up to diz and grab he . ( in the background , be a unholy chatter of typewriter and the jabber of man telephon they storey to the papers , with snatch hear like : " -- sensational story of graft - - " ; " -- hang on all winter - - will not let bill pass till Taylor machine be blast --. " ) saunder the war 's on ! diz he 's a house -afire ! saunder diz-- get what he say to the people back in that State . it 's up to you and the boy . keep that wire hot . Fire away , pal ! and impulsively she kiss he a smack on the cheek and run off . diz look after she in a foolish daze . the background of boy phone they storey in , rise to a pitch -- as we dissolve to newspaper headline , and then again to hopper' executive office , with happy Hopper at he desk , on the phone , as three of he boy come charge in , wave newspaper . hubert ( into phone ) amazing ! fantastic ! the boy pop ! Jeff 's after them ! filibuster ! hubert ( to boy ) silence ! jimmie when Jeff get through with Taylor , pop -- hubert ( into the phone ; by mistake ) when Jeff get through with Taylor -- ( break off , turn viciously on boy ) quiet ! what do you mean by break in here --? get out ! get *out * of here ! he have rise and be drive the boy out . at the pet shop , rear of smith home , ma be mixing pet food at the center table -- surround by boy wave papers excitedly . the pet be in a uproar . boy whee ! ma , Jeff 's tellin ' them , ma! Jeff 's gonna talk till doomsday --! he 's fightin ' them , ma -- Jeff will not quit ! ma ( calmly go about she business ) well , well . kinda * think * Jeff would not be comin ' home so soon . voice comin ' home --! look , ma--look ! read it ! the scene dissolves to taylor's HOTEL suite , with Taylor , paine , cook , griffith and three congressman under great nervous strain . desk have be move into the suite , telephone be teletype be be install . taylor ( yell ) where 's that Jackson City long distance ? cook ( placatingly ) wait now -- hendrick step out -- taylor ( furiously ) why be not a editor at he desk where he belong ? paine Jim -- the boy 's talk to that State -- the story be out --! taylor ( viciously ) sure ! the fight 's in the open now -- to a finish --! paine and if he can raise public opinion against we -- if any * part * of this stick -- taylor he will not get start ! I will * make * public opinion out there in five hour . I have do it all my life ! I will blacken this punk until -- ( break off ) Joe -- you job be back in the Senate - - keep that man fight he * there * . paine I hit he from the floor with everything I know ! taylor keep do it ! this be the whole work , Joe - - we be out of business of bigger than we then we ever be . we can not miss a trick -- we can not stop at * anything * -- till this yokel 's smashed up and bury so deep he will never --! the phone ring , and griffith pick it up . griffith ( into phone ) yes --* yes *! ( to Taylor ) Jackson City --hendrick ! taylor Joe ! will you go back to that Senate ! paine turn abruptly and hurry out . Taylor grab for the phone . taylor hendrick ! line up all the papers in the State ! do not print a word of what Smith say -- not a word of any news story come out of Washington ! understand ? defend the machine . * hit * this guy ! a criminal -- convict by Senate -- block relief bill -- starve the people . start protest come . wire . buy up every minute you can on every two - watt radio station in the State . keep them spout against Smith ! mcgann 's fly out -- be there in five hour . stop you press -- yank out the storey you get in them now -- and get go --* get that whole State move *--! in hendrick's office : hendrick okay , jim. Goodbye . ( he hang up the phone , then flip a dictograph key ) stop the press ! the scene dissolves to the jackson CITY PRESS --a huge printing press -- slow down -- and man leaping on it and beginning to tear out sheet be print ; then to a radio station where a man be broadcasting . man -- jefferson Smith be guilty ! this filibuster be a cowardly attempt to turn you attention from the true fact --! we see another microphone , at which another man be thunder : man ( foam ) -- it 's a open- and - shut case ! jefferson Smith be -- in ma smith's sitting room , ma be see in a rock chair , surround by kid -- some of whom hold papers . all be listen to the radio - - the voice of the precede scene : radio voice ( continue from above ) -- catch red-hand -- steal from boy ! a yowl go up . boy ( wildly ) they be lie ! a bunch of lie ! radio voice ( continue -- but lose in uproar ) a Committee of the United States Senate find he guilty ! like the blackguard he be ! he be try to save what 's leave of he name -- by attack Joseph paine , willet dam ! he do not care what it may cost the people of this country --! boy ( continue unbrokenly ; wave paper ) why do not they tell we what Jeff 's say ! yeah ! what about Jeff ? they can not say that ! what 's * Jeff * say ? we see another microphone and a man broadcasting . man -- to gain he own contemptible end , this man be block a bill -- then a room , with a group of people - - a family -- listen . radio voice ( continue from above ) -- vital to you and this entire nation . relief will be stop ! Men will be throw out of job --! through the last line of the above , the man of the family yell : man I always know that Smith be a phoney ! then the hopper dine room , with the family at dinner . four of the boy be crowded around happy Hopper , at the head of the table , where a portable radio be blast away . radio voice -- and to save he own hide , this be what jefferson Smith be go to do ! he 's go to destroy everything Joseph paine and he political party have do for this State . Joe paine have bring we great Federal grant , prosperity -- and now the willet dam . but Smith will destroy that , too --! kide it 's a lie ! it 's a dirty lie ! Jeff never destroy nothin' . what do you mean - -' destroy ' ? how do you get that way ? happy ( yell ) quiet ! emma ( distract ) * will you please sit down to dinner *! radio voice ( continue ) yes ! jefferson Smith will keep money out of this State , and work for thousand -- with a deed and a sign contract against he . kide ( wildly ) it 's a frame !... why do not somebody * do * something ?... you * know * it 's a frame , pop !... when ya gonna be a man and stop this dirty Taylor from -- ? happy silence ! I *am * a man ! the butler have enter while the Radio voice have continue with the follow : radio voice in other word , this man who could not get away with steal money for himself , be go to take money away from you , but he will not get away with it . citizen of this State know the fact . they will brand jefferson Smith as he deserve ! butler ( raise he voice ) Mr. Taylor , call from Washington , sir ! happy ( above the clamor ) what ? who ? kide Taylor , pop! from Washington ! now be you chance , pop ! happy switch off the radio and leap up from the table , rush out of the dining room . the kid , with yell of " Zowie , " " wow , " and " Taylor , huh ? " -- rush out of the room after happy . emma ( call after they ) hubert ! boy ! now in taylor's HOTEL suite in Washington , Taylor be on the phone , he coat off ; in the background a battery of man , phone , teletype machine , desk . taylor ( into the phone ) happy ? what 's the matter with you ? * collapse * ? mcgann say you be sit home ! I want some action ! get into this ! in the hopper library , happy be surround by the child , shouting : kide go ahead -- tell he , pop ! talk up , pop ! tell Taylor it 's a frame ! tell he what you think ! tell he to go fly a kite ! happy ( into the phone ) y-y , Jim ! ( to boy ) please ! in taylor's HOTEL suite : taylor what 's the racket ? -- you hear I , happy -- stop stalling --* move *! he slam the receiver . cook be wave a phone at he . cook Clark , Jim -- taylor ( grab the phone ) Clark ?... Jim Taylor -- in Washington . this Smith filibuster -- you chain of papers in the Southwest must know that this bill he 's block affect you section as well as any -- it 's the patriotic duty of every newspaper in the country to -- in a senate chamber , paine , the vice - President , and several Senators be see talk . first senator I have see filibuster , but this be -- second senator gentlemen , this can not go on , it 's ridiculous ! third senator Henry , we have get to get this man off the floor . president boy , as long as Mr. Smith hold that floor legitimately , he 's go to continue to hold it . if you ask I , that young fellow 's make a whole lot of sense . paine sense . do you call blackmail sense , Henry ? FOURTH senator now look , Joe , I do not like this boy from the beginning , but most of we feel that no man who be not sincere could stage a fight like this against that impossible odd . paine well , I be very glad to know that , Martin . after twenty year of work with you fellow , I be very glad to know you be ready to take he word against mine . that 's fine . senator ridiculous ! nothing of the sort ! paine oh , yes , that 's what it mean . if he 's just that much right , I be wrong . third senator Joe , listen , can not we work out some deal to pull that willet dam out and let the deficiency Bill go through ? paine it be not a question of willet dam . it 's a question of my honor and reputation and the integrity of the Committee on privileges and election , the integrity of the Senate itself . well , if you want to throw out section forty , go ahead . I will resign and we will have the whole thing over with . senator now , wait a minute , Joe . wait , wait , wait . second senator wait a minute . this be a lot of nonsense . Joe 's right . a deal 's impossible . we have get to go on just as we have be do and break he , keep he talk , no relief , maintain a quorum in relay . be that how you feel , John ? first senator for once I agree with he . gentlemen , it 's time to relieve the man on the floor . FOURTH senator how can a man as green as that know as much as he do ? he can not go on much longer . the scene dissolves to the senate chamber at night , a crowded chamber -- the gallery full and attentive . of the Senators , some be at they desk , some with back turn to jefferson and read , a couple of they doze , one with he head throw back and a newspaper over he face . Jeff be stand as he desk read from the Senate manual in strong , positive tone . the Senators of the previous scene be enter the chamber . the vice - President walk to he chair to relieve the pro tem . as the majority leader walk to he desk , he signal to several man who be to be relieved . this man rise and saunter out . some forty man , consequently , be in motion . jefferson ( read ) " -- we hold this truth to be self - evident , that all man be create equal , that they be endow by they creator with certain unalienable rights - - " ( he break off , remark the Senators relieving each other -- dryly ) well -- look like the night shift 's comin ' on . president the Senator will please suspend until order be restore in the chamber . a close view of jefferson show a slight strain after this seven or eight hour of continuous talk . his collar be undone , he beard have start to sprout . his eye go back to he book , and he continue he read . a broadcasting studio appear , revealing H. V. kaltenborn at the microphone . kaltenborn this be H. V. kaltenborn speak -- half of official Washington be here to see democracy 's finest show -- Washington 's uncontrolled filibuster . the right to talk you head off ... the american privilege of free speech in it 's most dramatic form ... the least man in that chamber , once he get and hold the floor by the rule , can hold it and talk as long as he can stand on he foot -- provide always first , that he do not sit down , second that he do not leave the chamber or stop talk . the gallery be pack , and in the diplomatic gallery be the envoy of two dictator power . they have come to see what they can not see at home -- democracy in action . the floor of the senate be see again . jefferson " -- certain unalienable rights -- that among this be life , Liberty and the Pursuit of happiness . that to secure this rights , government be institute among Men , derive they just power from the consent of the govern , that whenever any form of government become destructive of this end , it be the right of the people to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new government , lay its foundation on such principle and organize its power in such form , as to they shall seem most likely to effect they Safety and happiness - - " ( finish with a flourish and put the book down ) now , that 's pretty swell , be not it ? I always get a great kick outa that part of the declaration -- especially when I can read them out loud to somebody . he pick up the book and start to walk with it -- stretch he leg to get the stiffness out . jefferson ( wave the book ) you see , that 's what I have in mind about camp -- except that man say it a little better than I can . now , you be not gonna have a country that make this kind of rule * work* , if you have not get man who have learn to tell human rights from a punch in the nose . and funny thing about man - - they start life be boy . that 's why it seem like a pretty good idea to take kid out of crowded city and stuffy basement for a few month a year -- and build they body and mind for a man-size job . that boy will be sit at this desk some day . yes -- it seem a pretty good idea -- boy come together -- all nationality and way of live -- find out what make different people tick the way they do . ' Cause I would not give you a red cent for * all * you fine rule , without there be some plain every - day , common kindness under them - - and a little look - out for the next fella . yes -- pretty important , all that . just happen to be blood and bone and sinew of this democracy that some great man hand down to the human race --! that 's all ! but , of course , if you need to build a dam where a camp like that ought to be -- to make some graft and pay off you political army or something -- why , that 's different ! ( suddenly - - with strength ) no sir ! if anybody here think I be go back to that boy and say to them : " forget it , fella . everything I have tell you about the land you live in be a lotta hooey . it be not you country -- it belong to the James Taylors - - ! " no , sir , anybody that think that have get another think come ! ( he break off , and start a different tune , apologetically ) I - - I be sorry to be come back to that and -- I be sorry I have to stand here -- it 's pretty disrespectful to this honorable body . when I think -- this be where clay and calhoun and webster speak -- webster stand right here by this desk -- why , in the first place - - a ' I hate to go on try you patience like this -- but --well , I be either dead right or I be * crazy *! a senator ( look back and call out dryly ) you would not care to put that to a vote , Senator ? a ripple of laughter . the gavel pound . another Senator be up . senator will the Senator yield for a question ? jefferson I yield . senator in view of the gentleman 's touch concern for the Senators , would he permit a motion to recess until the morning -- at which time he could continue to educate this august body with he profound babbling ? Jeff pause . he look up . Senators come up from under they newspaper on the alert . maybe this be the trick that dislodge he . we see saunder , shaking she head , point Jeff 's attention to the chair ; then jeff look down from saunder , then around he suspiciously . jefferson ( address the chair ) well , now -- I would not know about that . Mr. President -- what happen to I in the morning -- I mean about my have this floor to go on babbling ? president ( see if a full view of the chamber ) if the Senator permit this motion to recess he will not have the floor in the morning to babble or anything else , unless he be recognize first by the chair . with a wise expression , Jeff pick up where he leave off way back . ( saunder and diz leave the Press Gallery in this scene . ) jefferson I see , well , as I be say , gentleman - - I be either right or crazy . and I feel fine . the Senators go back under they newspaper . the ruse do not work . jefferson the people of my State have get both ear full by this time . they be probably rise up and start here in drove just about now -- so I think I will go on talk until I hear from they . page boy here you be , Senator , from miss saunder . ( hand Jeff the constitution ) jefferson oh ! thanks . ( the page Boy show he still have on he ranger button ) well , the constitution of the United States -- ( reading ) article one -- section one . the scene dissolves to a STREET in jackson CITY , at night ; to a parade of which we see the torchlight and hear the noise of band and shout . a huge banner be see extend across the marcher , read : Mass meeting Jackson City Hall this banner pass and another come forward which read : protest smith filibuster . then we see the public auditorium at night , people jam the entrance and milling around outside . at the entrance , group be see be tell that the place be " full up , " with no seat . then we be in the auditorium , where several prominent citizen be seat on the platform , among they happy Hopper . happy mop he brow in extreme discomfort . Kenneth Allen be address the assembly , rabble-rouse . kenneth allen he 's a red-hand criminal , that jefferson Smith , go to block that dam -- keep money and employment out of you State -- stop relief to starve million ! be we go to let a scoundrel like that throw mud at a man like Joe paine ? a shout of " no ! " be throw back at he . allen be you for Joe paine ? a yell go up . allen then * tell * he you be ! another cheer , and at this point , somewhere in the auditorium , a youngster yell down with all he might : kid hurray for Jeff Smith ! but simultaneously with he yell , and right at the end of the cheer , the band strike up " star and stripe forever . " the kid be drown out and almost immediately be seize by the scruff of the neck , hand clasped over they mouth , and drag out . the scene dissolves to headline fly up to screen , capping Allen 's request : wire congress ! stop smith ! this dissolves to the jackson CITY PRESS office , with mcgann at a desk , surround by a few other man . mcgann ( talk excitedly into the phone ) we be burnin ' them up , Jim ! get every paper in the state tie up except the clarkville courier up near sweetwater . in taylor's HOTEL suite in Washington : taylor well , buy it -- or * wreck * it ! in the senate upper corridor , saunder and diz be push out of one of the gallery door and through the crowd ; diz have saunder by the hand . saunder ( in alarm ) what be it , diz ? he stop with she in a relatively uncrowded spot . saunder ( again ) diz ! diz ( excitedly ) kid-- he think he 's talk to that mob at home , but not a line we have write - - not a word he 's say from that floor have get into that home State . saunder what ! diz not a word ! Taylor 's sew up every paper . they be toss out everything that come in over the wire ! saunder ( explode ) freedom of the press ! Mr. James Taylor blindfold a whole State -- ( then suddenly ) wait a minute ! if that 's how he want to play * I will * get through to that bunch -- I will get plenty of word into that , State - -! ( grabbing diz ) come on , diz , get that stuff you have write - - let I have it -- she pull he along quickly . the scene dissolves to jefferson' office at night , with saunder on the phone - - a sheaf of papers in she hand , diz alongside . saunder ( eagerly ) hello ! hello ! Mrs. Smith ? this be saunder , in Washington ... yes -- saunder -- that 's right . listen ...oh , he 's fine -- great . do not you worry . ma--look -- Jeff have a paper there -- " Boy stuff , " that 's right . well , look -- they be not let what Jeff say into the State . if I give you a raft of it over the phone now , will you print it up and spread a billion copy of it ? -- swell ! take this down , ma , will you ? in ma smith's sitting room , ma be on the phone , several boy around she . ( a clock here show the hour to be about 10:21 . ) ma ( turn from the phone ) boy -- everything about Jeff -- get pencil and paper ! with a yowl the boy scramble around . ma ( into the phone - - with a smile ) one second --* clarissa *! the boy pile around with pad and pencil . boy okay , ma! ma ( into the phone ) shoot , clarissa ! and little Bobby , with a bugle , raise it and blow a tremendous , exultant blast ! the scene dissolves to a montage presentation of the conflict between the Taylor - mcgann press and the youngster ' press : first saunder be on the phone , read material to ma . saunder -- the willet dam be a graft to line the pocket of the Taylor machine . Taylor have buy off congressman for year and have systematically rob the people . he offer Jeff a seat in the Senate for life if he would vote as he be tell . this be contrast with Taylor , with a sheaf of papers in he hand , read over the phone : taylor -- chick -- I want the whole morning edition a blast to push he off the floor ! campaign for protest -- wire ! here 's you front page editorial : " a convict thief , represent you , hold the floor of the United States Senate - - " from the above start by saunder and Taylor there follow the word of saunder be take down on a break little portable typewriter , by one of the kid , with other kid bring he sheet of paper in longhand . contrast be mcgann listen in , while beside he a couple of man with earphone pound professionally at typewriter . the sheet be grab out of they roller by runner who tear out of the office with they . we see the kid set type laboriously . contrast be linotypist of the Jackson City Press . the kid cut they paper to size on a little hand apparatus . contrast , we see the huge roll of paper be set in the giant press . we see the kid compose and lock they type in little flat . contrast be the mould be put into place on the Jackson City Press roller . we see the little press start up , hand feed , and pump out one little circular at a time . contrast be the whirling giant press rattling out at trip - hammer speed . back to the little press , pump out boldly print circular ; with headline that read : people of this state ! read jeff' story jeff smith speak to you ! smash the taylor machine ! jeff smith be fighting graft contrast be the whirling Jackson City Press . over it headline flash up : smith forcing nation to crisis ! stop smith ! protest ! then a cartoon be see depict Jeff with a little whiskbroom sweeping back a ocean label " public condemnation . " then another cartoon show a line of haggard people at a window mark " relief fund . " a man at the window hold up he hand , palm out , and say : " sorry , jefferson Smith be still talk . " back to kid who be stack and tie bundle of circular . contrast , we see the professional stack and tie of a army of worker in the Jackson City Press room . ( perhaps show a change of shift -- fresh man come in , as the go sound and show that it be five o'clock in the morning . ) back in the Smith home , with the kid still active and the press still go . ma be give the kid coffee . one kid be bob at a desk . a big boy be put a little fellow , sound asleep , down on a bed . the scene dissolves to bob Senators at they desk in the United States Senate . jeff be see still talk . his hair be dishevel , he be weary in the joint , with black circle under he eye , collar open . Jeff be say : jefferson -- there just can not be any compromise with inalienable rights like life and liberty . that 's about the only thing I know for sure -- and that 's about all I get up on this floor to say -- when be it ? a year ago , it seem like -- further impressionistic view of the chamber : the clock , more sleep attitude of the Senators , a weary vice - President pro tem , the sprinkle of people in the gallery , make up of the night or early morning bird such as a fellow in top hat and muffler , a milkman , a street car conductor . back to all sort of little vehicle -- play wagon , bicycle , scooter , etc . -- collect in Jeff 's back yard as pile of circular be carry out and load on this contraption . some of the kid be start away with they bundle . the bugle note sound over the scene . contrast , at the jacskon City Press , the morning extra be be load on big , handsome truck which roar away . then the distribution of the read matter by both Taylor 's press and the kid ' . we see Taylor 's truck dump bundle at street corner to newsboy . Jeff 's kid race down residence block throw circular on lawn , pass they out on business street , shove they into people 's hand -- at crowded street corner , at factory entrance . Taylor 's newspaper boy be intersperse , hawk they papers . ( end of the montage . ) in the jackson CITY PRESS office , mcgann be on the phone , with man rush into he with copy . mcgann ( shouting ) that 's right , get out every piece of loud speaker equipment on wheel --! he be interrupt by a man who rush in with some leaflet in he hand . man chick , chick , look - - " Boy stuff " circular -- peddle by nine million kid -- mcgann ( grab the leaflet , yell ) well , what be you standin ' for ? get the boy out ! kill it ! the scene dissolves to residence block , three episode , show a couple of kid rush along with a wagon full of circular and other kid take from it to distribute they . a big open truck swerve up to the curb . a couple of man rush out , push the kid away from the little wagon , grab the circular , and toss they into the truck . the kid raise a hue and cry and pile on . a quick free- for-all in which the kid be send sprawling -- a smack to the jaw , a kick . this dissolves to a slum location : a large truck be load with sign , be surround by shabbily - dress man . mcgann be on hand , with a fist full of money . Signs be be pass down to the wait man and , as each take one , mcgann slip a bill into he hand and he hurry off with a sign . the sign carry this appeal : " stop smith ! " " wire congress ! " " stop smith -- we want to eat . " " criminal smith talk and AMERICANS starve ! " " hero joseph paine . " " joe paine save you state . " then we see a overlap series of poster go up -- a banner be hoist over a street . Men pasting up huge twenty - four sheet and three sheet -- and little card tack to telegraph pole and side of building . they read : " stop smith ! wire congress . " a piece of bunt , fold up , suddenly be pull open to reveal stop smith ! now we be in a STREET at the front end of a small but boisterous parade , compose principally of adult with a sprinkle of kid . both adult and a few child , flanking the marcher , play instrument . there be banner at the end of the parade which read : " down with graft --and taylor ! " " smash the taylor machine ! " -- " smith be fighting you battle ! " " jeff smith be framed ! " " have jeff smith and a clean state ! " suddenly , that in the forefront look off in horror as almost simultaneously they be hit by a might stream of water . we see a fire truck and hose pour water , hold by a couple of firemen , with the aid of a plug-ugly . there be glimpsis of people as they be sweep off they foot and whirle violently on the ground . simultaneously a calliope be hear . down the street come the truck pull a tremendous poster on which be print ; " stop jeff ( juda ) smith ! " this truck , with calliope play , move through what remain of the parade . a loud speaker attach , bawl out : loud speaker voice stop Smith ! remove this scoundrel from the Senate ! Wire Congress ! this dissolves to a corner . a soap box be surround by a small group which be in the act of form . soap boxer ( yell ) Smith be frame ! do not believe the papers ! James Taylor own they . ( wave a circular ) if you want the truth , read - - the small group be rush by some professional hoodlum . they charge through the group and the soap boxer be drag from he perch . at this instant a scream siren be overhear . people pause to look up . then a moving airplane be see , with siren scream , pull a streamer on which be the the letter : " stop smith ! wire congress ! " loud speaker voice stop Smith ! it 's the duty of every citizen -- various group of people in the street be look up -- people raise they window to look out , people rush out of door from factory and public building as the loud speaker continue : loud speaker voice -- to wire Congress ! put Smith out of the Senate ! pass the deficiency Bill . Wire Congress -- in the name of the needy and hungry Americans ! but in a STREET , there appear the car of the Governor 's child , and it be pull a trailer on which small hand - paint poster lean against each other . this poster bear the word : " stand behind jeff " and " read what taylor's paper won't print . " the Governor 's kid be recognize in this car and also the little boy with the bugle who be play one continuous blast . the kid be throw circular to the leave and right as they move down the street . suddenly a big touring car with some plug ugly in it bear down with a roar on this little trailer . they run into it -- gasoline be either pour on it or the gasoline tank be drill with a bullet and a match be set to the whole work . the trailer and the car go up in a blaze as the kid scramble out to save they life . the scene dissolves to the hopper executive office , in which hubert be on the phone , raging : hubert be you commissioner of Safety or - -? * hoodlum * ! Taylor 's hoodlum be run riot in the street ! even child be not safe -- hospital be fill ! I will not stand for this violence -- and in the smith home , the place be still whirling . the kid be work away . one of they be speak into a amateur radio excitedly -- with a circular in he hand . kid ( on radio ) fellas - - tell you folk -- the Taylor machine be frame Jeff Smith ! here 's Jeff 's story -- put it down --! he break off as shout be hear outside . about three gorilla be push they way into the office . a group of kid have evidently be fight they from the time they enter the house . the kid be yell : " what do you want in here ? " " who be you ? " " get out of here ! " the man throw off the kid and advance to both the press and the amateur radio . one of they take a small object that look like a hand grenade out of he pocket and hurl it at the press . there be a explosion . the man duck and run . a couple of kid clutch they face and scream . the press stop . simultaneously one of the other gorilla have throw himself at the amateur radio . he start pull it apart . next ma be on the phone . ma ( frantically ) saunder ! be that you , saunder ? and we see saunder on the phone . saunder yes , ma ! ( she listen ) what ! in the smith home : ma ( wildly ) yes ! bomb --acid ! Children hurt ! all over the city ! tell Jeff to stop ! it 's no use . they -- they will just kill * he * if he go on -- and everybody else ! it be not worth it , saunder - - saunder be see paralyze , hold the receiver as ma 's voice screech through . ma' voice * tell he to stop *! H. V. kaltenborn be see again , broadcasting . kaltenborn Senator Smith have now talk for twenty - three hour and sixteen minute . it be the most unusual and spectacular thing in the Senate annal . one lone and simple american hold the great floor in the land . what he lack in experience he 's make up in fight . but that tired Boy Ranger leg be buckle ; bleary eye , voice go , he can not go on much longer and all official Washington be here to be in on the kill . in the senate PRESS gallery , saunder and diz be see . jefferson' voice no , sir , there 's no compromise with truth . that 's all I get up on this floor to say -- when be it -- a year ago , it seem like . saunder diz , I be afraid . terrible thing be happen . I have get to stop he . diz they be listen to he . anything might happen now . jefferson just get up off the ground , that 's all I ask . get up there with that lady that be up on top of this Capitol dome -- that lady that stand for liberty , take a look at this country through she eye if you really want to see something and you will not just see scenery -- you will see the whole parade of what man 's carve out for himself after century of fight and fight for something better than just jungle law , fight so 's he can stand on he own two foot -- free and decent , like he be create -- no matter what he race , color or creed . that 's what you will see . there 's no place out there for graft or greed or lie or compromise with human liberty . and if that 's what the grow - up have do to this world that be give to they we would better get that boy 's camp start fast and see what the kid can do and it be not too late because this country be bigger than the Taylors , or you or I , or anything else . great principle do not get lose once they come to light . they be right here . you just have to see they . paine ( rise at he desk ) Mr. President , will the Senator yield for a question ? president will Senator Smith yield to he colleague ? jefferson yes , sir , I yield for a question . paine the gentleman have say repeatedly that he be speak to the people of he State . he have be wait , as he so fancifully put it , for they to come march here in drove . would the gentleman be interested in know what that people have to say ? in the PRESS gallery : saunder here it come , diz . on the floor again : jefferson yes , sir , you bet I would . paine Mr. President , have I permission to bring into this chamber evidence of the response from my State ? president be there objection ? ( there be none ) you may proceed , Senator . paine page boy ! now a number of page boy enter , carry down and place before the President 's rostrum many wire basket , fill with telegram . the view pick out saunder . saunder I can not stand it , diz . I can not stand to see he hurt like this . a man Public opinion make to order . diz yeah , Taylor make . senator paine walk down and point to the basket . there it be , there 's the gentleman 's answer . telegram , five thousand of they , demand that he yield the floor . I invite the Senate to read they . I invite my colleague to read they . the people 's answer to Mr. jefferson Smith . saunder ( see get up and scream ) stop , Jeff , stop ! ( her voice be lose in the tumult ) jefferson have go wearily to the basket . he seize handfulls of telegram at random and glance at they . he sag in despair , almost fall . jefferson ( with effort ) I guess this be just another lose cause , Mr. paine . all you people do not know about lose cause . Mr. paine do . he say once they be the only cause worth fight for , and he fight for they once , for the only reason that any man ever fight for they . because of just one plain , simple rule , " Love thy neighbor , " and in this world today , full of hatred , a man who know that one rule have a great trust . you know that rule , Mr. paine , and I love you for it , just as my father do . and you know that you fight for the lose cause harder than for any other . yes , you would even die for they , like a man we both know , Mr. paine . you think I be lick . you all think I be lick . well , I be not lick and I be go to stay right here and fight for this lose cause even if this room get fill with lie like this , and the Taylors and all they army come march into this place . somebody will listen to I -- some -- the chamber whirl in front of Jeff 's eye -- and he pitch forward to the floor . people get to they foot automatically all over the house -- and there be dead silence except for saunder , who utter one shriek as she get to she foot -- then stand unable to move . then paine rise stiffly -- he face a complete blank -- and start toward the cloak room , several foot away . the tense , silent shock of the Senate floor be break and man start for Jeff 's inert form . a tumult go up , and jefferson be see inert -- completely go - - as man surround he . and then -- suddenly -- off-scene - - a pistol shot be hear . head turn violently in the direction of the cloak room . woman scream . in the cloak room , near the door to the chamber , paine be now struggle with three or four man , who wrest a revolver out of paine 's hand . in violent desperation , paine tear himself loose and rush for the chamber . in the chamber paine come toward the center aisle . ( jefferson still lie face down on the floor . ) paine ( cry out to the chair ) expel * I *! not he . * I *! he continue toward the chair as he talk -- a man distract -- the whole house on its foot . paine willet dam be a fraud ! it 's a crime against the people who send I here -- and * I * commit it ! paine walk mechanically toward the chair . paine ( shouting ) every word that boy say be the truth ! I be not fit for office ! I be not fit for any place of honor or trust in this land ! expel I --! saunder ( wildly , clutching diz ) he do it . diz wait a minute . I have get to write this story . president ( pound vainly with he gavel ) order , gentleman , please . diz ( to saunder ) will you please let go of I . saunder ( scream ) he do it ! yippee ! the scene dissolves to the hopper kide , a newspaper between they -- and just yell at the top of they lung : boy yeow ! and this be follow by a bonfire scene , with Boy ranger leaping and yell ; and then we see the window of the office of the jackson CITY PRESS at night , where a rock go crash through the window , smash it to smithereen . this dissolves to hopper' executive office , in which hopper be surround by Edwards and the other member of the citizen 's Committee . happy be a lion at bay . hubert ( yell into they tooth -- in violent indignation ) resign ! resign ! who find this magnificent young american ? who go down alone -- in the dead of night -- and seek out this lincoln -- this -- resign ! why , I have just begin ! I will find * more * jefferson smith ! I will clean out of we glorious state every * vestige * of James Taylor - - I will -- now we be in a STREET , in daylight , with the boy ranger band march -- play a martial air -- confetti fall on they . jefferson and saunder be in the back of a open car -- band -- cheer -- confetti ! they be both rather daze . a huge placard , carry by a Boy Ranger , read : jefferson to the senate for life ! there be a band , and there be much cheer . then the governor and mrs . hopper be see in the back of a open car . ( Band and cheer and confetti . ) happy be bow to leave and right -- all smile . he pause to say : hubert Emma - - it 's the White House - - no less ! jefferson and saunder be in the open car ; Jeff look off , and be suddenly at attention . in a group on the sidewalk , Joseph paine be watch the parade . suddenly Jeff leap out of the car and head for the curb . saunder try to stop he . jeff be push through the crowd -- and grab for paine , who have fearfully start to move off . jefferson please , sir ! -- come with I ! paine no , Jeff -- please --! jefferson I say it 's * you * parade , sir ! you have * get * to come ! he pull paine with he -- back toward the automobile . the people mill around they . the scene dissolves to the smith live room , as Jeff and saunder and paine enter to ma , who be wait . ( outside we still hear the band and cheer . ) ma ( kissing Jeff 's cheek ) hello , jefferson . jefferson hello , ma. ( indicating saunder ) clarissa , ma . she will be stayin ' a while -- ma ( take saunder ' hand ) Fine -- jefferson and Senator paine too , ma--we would like to have he -- ma ( warmly ) certainly would , Joseph . jefferson how 's amo , ma ? ma just fine . jefferson ( take saunder ' hand ) we would better see . saunder Jeff -- wait -- they want you to speak ! jefferson not * I *! Joseph paine be the man they ought to be listen to ! come on ! he drag she off toward pet shop -- paine call after he , protest . and in the pet shop : saunder and Jeff be see enter . on see Jeff , the animal go berserk . and in a comparative lull Jeff say to they : jefferson meet clarissa , fella . and the scene fade out . the end