mrs brown by jeremy brock ext . the ground of windsor castle , forest - night begin on black . the sound of rain drive into tree . something wipe frame and we be suddenly hurtle through a forest on the shoulder of a wild - eye , kilted JOHN brown . drenched hair stream , head swivelling leave and right , as he search the lighten - dark . a crack to he leave . he spin round , raise he pistol , smack past sapling and plunge on . ext . the ground of windsor castle , forest - night Close - up on brown as he bang against a tree and heave for air . a face in its fifty , mad - fierce eye , handsome , bruise lip , liverish . he go on search the dark . stop . listen through the rain . a beat . think he hear a faint thump in the distance , he swing round and race on . ext . the ground of windsor castle , forest - night brown tear through the tree , pistol raise at full arm 's length , breath come harder and harder . but even now there 's a ghost grace , a bear hunter 's grace . he leap fall branch , swerve through turn in the path , eye forward , never stumbling once . ext . the ground of windsor castle , forest - night brown burst into a clear , break to the centre and stop . with he pistol raise , he turn one full slow circle . his eye take in every swerve and kick of the wildly sway tree . there 's a crack and a branch snap behind he . he spin round , bellow deep from he heart : brown God save the Queen !! and fire . nothing happen . the tree go on sway , the storm go on scream and brown just stand there , stare into empty space . a pause . slowly , he start to frown as the fact begin to dawn on he that he be alone . he stare at the thrashing tree , wave they mock arm at he . his hand let the pistol drop to he side . he feel the rain drench down he face . and now , for the first time , we see that he sock have fall to he ankle and he knee be cut to shred . he shift a foot . his dress - shoe be cover in mud . he go on stare into the dark . nothing . just the wind and rain . gradually , we pull back , higher and higher . as we do , we hear the quiet cultivate voice : fade to black . caption : " 1864 " fade in : ponsonby ( v.o. ) I have send for a Mr. John brown from balmoral . her majesty have mention he , on one or two occasion , as be a most devote outdoor servant to Prince Albert during he last day there ... John brown be now just a tiny figure dwarf by the storm . CUT to : int . osborne house , queen victoria's dressing room - day the screen be black . as the camera pull back , we discover that we be look at a black night - gown . Queen victoria be sit at she dress table , while a elderly hairdresser , also in black , work at she hair . ponsonby ( v.o. ) ... the depth of the Queen 's sorrow remain impenetrable . she have now restrict herself to a regime of such ferocious introspection that we be all at we wit ' end ... int . osborne house , prince albert dressing room - day a bust of the Prince consort be drape in black . his desk be laid out as if for work . a valet be brush one of he suit before lay it carefully on the bed . ponsonby ( v.o. ) ... the Household continue , at she instruction , to observe the ritual now so familiar to she , in a vain attempt to render vivid that which can never be revive ... Close - up on a small table as a shave brush be place carefully beside a dish of freshly pour water . int . osborne house , queen victoria's dressing room - day the hairdresser be pull victoria 's hair back into the widow 's cape . for the first time , we see she face . it be set in a mask of severity . ponsonby ( v.o . ) ... it will not surprise you to hear that she continue steadfast in she refusal to accept any public engagement , however trivial ... int . osborne house , queen victoria's bedchamber - day a bronze cast of Prince Albert 's hand hang above the Royal bed . his sleep - gown be laid out on one side . a somberly dress middle - age man stand by the bed : doctor jenner , the Queen 's physician . he be place potion and medicament in a row on the bedside table . behind he , two maidservant be busy stripping and remake the bed while another raise the window to air the room . ponsonby ( v.o. ) ... family and staff expend all they effort endeavouring to draw she out of this state of unfetter morbidity , but to no avail . indeed , Doctor jenner will not undertake to vouchsafe she sanity , unless some remedy be find ... int . osborne house , queen victoria's dressing room - day victoria be turn slowly around as a young assistant dresser complete the fasten on she black crepe dress . ponsonby ( v.o. ) ... we must hope , therefore , that this Mr Brown will appeal to the Queen 's sentimental , though deeply -held , view that all highlander be good for the health . if she can at least be persuade to take the air , the prospect of further recovery may seem less remote ... the assistant dresser pull too tightly on she dress . victoria wince slightly . assistant dresser ( terrify ) sorry , mar 'am . ext . the sea front , isle of wight - day we glide slowly past the coastline as a caption read : " isle of wight . 1864 . " a driver stand against the sea front with a horse and cart bear the Royal coat of arm . John brown lead he pony along the dockside , towards the wait driver . he be in he late thirty , fit , handsome and dress in tartan kilt and short jacket . ponsonby ( v.o. ) ... he be arrive by boat this afternoon , by which time it be hope her majesty will be in a fit state to consider riding out ... int . osborne house , private secretary's room - day sir henry ponsonby , the Queen 's private Secretary , be sit at he write desk , complete a letter . ponsonby ( v.o. ) ... as to that decision , along with all other , we remain , as ever , prisoner of the Queen 's grief . ( beat ) ever you devote husband , Henry . he fold the letter and slip it into a envelope . he be a middle - age man in a dark mourn suit ; tall , saturnine and with a civil servant 's stoop . as he look up , we see a white - stockinge footman stand to attention by the door . ponsonby hand the letter to he . ponsonby ( cont 'd ) Windsor . CUT to : caption : " osborne house , isle of wight " int . osborne house , corridor and queen' dine room - day a series of window be be slam open by white stockinge footmen as member of the royal family and upper household hurry by in silence , all dress in mourn and rush to make the luncheon hour . int . osborne house , queen' drawing room - day Queen victoria head down the empty corridor with two lady - in- wait , lady ely and lady churchill , hurry along a pace behind . int . osborne house , queen' dine room - day member of the Royal family and upper household hurry into the icy dining room and take they designate place at the luncheon table . everybody be dress in mourn and nobody speak . wind whistle through the open window . silence . among the diner we catch we first glimpse of bertie , the Prince of Wale . he be in he mid-twenty , plump , stiff dress and bald . he stand next to he young wife , princess alexandra , who fiddle nervously with she shawl , try to keep warm . as bertie smooth down he thinning hair , doctor jenner bustles into the dining room , stand himself next to ponsonby and proceed to conduct a hurried conversation with the Prince of Wale , entirely in whisper . jenner congratulation , you Royal highness ! bertie thank you , Doctor . jenner a boy , I hear . excellent , excellent . bertie yes. ( beat ) Albert Victor . Eddie for short . what do you think ? ponsonby a fine choice , sir . jenner excellent ! ext . dockside , isle of wight - day JOHN brown lead he pony gently up the ramp and into the carrier bear the Royal coat of arm . the driver lean in . driver be you riding up front ? brown look straight at this man , quiet and reserve . brown I will stay with the pony , thank you . she 's all the way from deeside and she 's not sure she like you yet . the driver shrug and slam the door on they . int . osborne house , corridor and queen' dine room - day victoria reach the dining room door and take a deep breath . lady ely and lady churchill stop a pace behind . victoria how many ? lady ely be slightly take aback . lady ely the Royal family and senior member of the household , mar 'am . victoria just they ? lady ely yes , mar 'am . victoria close she eye , then steel herself and step through the door . int . osborne house , queen' dine room - day everyone stiffen as victoria walk in . acknowledge the other diner with a quick nod , the Queen take she place . she flap open she napkin and , bang on cue , everyone else sit and do the same . the meal be serve immediately by wait servant , who plonk the food down without ceremony . it 's a very ordinary meal of meat and vegetable . victoria start eat heartily , straight away . everyone do the same . only the clink of cutlery and the same eerie silence . ext . osborne house , the ground - day the Royal horse - carrier rattles into the grounds and on down the driveway past the beautiful , manicure lawn stretch away towards the ornate twin tower of osborne House . a few outdoor servant watch its progress curiously . int . osborne house , queen' dine room - day the silence continue as victoria finish she plain pudding . immediately , servant appear at every place and whip away the pudding bowl whether they owner have finish or not . nobody think this odd ; it be part of the routine . doctor jenner clear he throat . jenner we be expect Brown this afternoon , mar 'am . victoria whom ? a beat . victoria take a sip of water , dab she mouth with she napkin and rise . everyone else rise too . suddenly , the Queen turn to bertie 's nervous wife , princess alexandra , and proclaim abruptly : victoria ( cont 'd ) that 's a very pretty shawl you be wear , Alex . silk suit you well . ( beat ) but you be not eat enough . one must not let vanity overrule one 's appetite . princess alexandra yes , mar 'am . victoria nod earnestly . lose to the effect she word have have , she march out again . behind she , she leave princess alexandra feel humiliate and crestfallen in front of all the other . bertie take she hand and squeeze tight , try awkwardly to console . ext . osborne house - day the horse - carrier pull up outside the servant 's entrance and the driver open the door . JOHN brown pull out a watch from he waistcoat and check the time . his eye narrow critically . brown I be due at a quarter past one . ( beat ) you be late . int . osborne house , corridor - day a few minute later , JOHN brown stride down the long corridor with ponsonby at he side . they journey take they down a endless series of corridor , past servant and householder hurry about they duty . the presence of the dead Albert be feel all around in the black - wreathe portrait and bust that crop up along the way . brown and ponsonby could not be more contrast . ponsonby ( in low tone ) her majesty 's routine at osborne House be not as you will remember it . the Household remain in full mourn and no-one be permit to raise they voice under any circumstance whatsoever . as for the Queen 's routine , she breakfast at nine thirty , lunch at two , take tea at five thirty and dinner at eight forty five . no one be allow to leave the building while the Queen be at home . on the rare occasion when she be out , you may ask permission to leave , but only with my consent . you be to be ready to walk the pony at any time after ten o'clock . you will clean she outdoor thing and do any odd job as and when she require . brown how will I know ? ponsonby ( surprised to be interrupt ) I be sorry ? brown how will I know what she require ? ponsonby you will be send a message . brown who will bring it to I ? ponsonby her highness ' equerry . brown I need a man who know where I be . ponsonby I be sure it will not be difficult to find you . brown that 's not good enough . a beat . ponsonby then we will have to see what can be arrange . brown aye , do . ponsonby stiffen . a beat . ponsonby there be to be no communication with other member of the household on matter concern the court except through myself or one of the equerry . no plan must be alter unless you be give prior authority by myself or a senior member of the household . brown I come down at the Queen 's request . I will take my order from she . ponsonby in matter concern the Household , I act on she behalf . brown take the measure of he . brown do you ? ponsonby yes. ( beat ) I do . brown glance up the corridor . brown so , be pass wind out of the question or do I need permission for that ? ponsonby refuse to acknowledge what he have hear . they reach the door of the Royal chamber and he conclude the interview . ponsonby as I be sure you remember from balmoral , you do not talk while in her majesty 's presence unless her majesty address you directly . brown refuse to answer , so ponsonby knock . after a moment , the door be open by lady ely who usher they in . int . osborne house , queen' sitting room - day brown walk stiffly into the room and stop . ponsonby wait by the door . ponsonby ( o.s. ) Mr Brown , mar 'am . victoria be bent over the desk , work at one of she numerous red box . she scribbles furiously at a letter , underline and accent word as she go . finally , lady ely step up to she side and whisper something in she ear . she carry on work . brown have time to survey the room . dominate everything be the same black - wreathe bust and portrait of Prince Albert glimpse in the corridor . finally , victoria nod and lady ely beckon brown forward . he step up in front of the desk and wait . victoria look up and brown bow deeply . silence . she stare at he for a long moment without apparently register who he be . he tower over she , in bright tartan , while she sit hunch in she seat , all in black and knotted with tension . finally , she find she voice . she sound nervous and edgy . victoria Mr Brown . brown ma'am . victoria you be here safely . brown aye , mar 'am . victoria you be well ? brown I be . victoria and the pony ? brown she 's well , too . victoria blink at the sight of he . his presence be bring he back . a beat . victoria you family send card . it be much appreciate . brown I be glad of it . in a effort to control she emotion , victoria now sound the same severe note as at lunch . but brown , unlike other , seem unaffected . victoria my husband be always very complimentary in speak of you . he would have approve , I be sure , of my call on you in this way . ( beat ) I trust it do not inconvenience you too much . brown I have no family , mar 'am , apart from my brother and sister . victoria yes. ( beat ) you have a brother in service here , do you not ? ( furrowing she brow ) I forget he name . brown archie . victoria yes. ( beat ) that will be company for you . brown yes , mar 'am . silence . victoria start to tire . she take a sip of water and spill a little on herself . fluster , she search for a hanky but cannot find one . lady ely hurry up with one of she own and the Queen dab it off . brown watch all of this with genuine concern . when victoria finally look up , he stare at she in deep sympathy . brown ( cont 'd ) honest to God , I never think to see you in such a state . you must miss he dreadfully . victoria stare back in stunne silence . ponsonby cough involuntarily . lady ely freeze . a beat . victoria you do not - he ... get he out . ( beat ) get he out . get he out ! suddenly , brown find himself tug backwards out of the room . lady ely rush up to assist as victoria shout herself into a fit of uncontrolled sobbing . int . osborne house , brown' quarter - day some minute later , brown be angrily unpack a trunk . his humiliation express itself in the extraordinary ferocity with which he slam down every object . his young brother , archie , sit on the bed . he 's in he early thirty , bright , sharp and dress in the same distinctive kilt and tweed . archie ( tell it fast ) so the day they arrive , she greet the sultan and he family with barely a word and then retire to she chamber . the sultan , not use to State occasion without a head of State , be stand in the lobby wait for someone to tell he what to do . but the court be under strict instruction not to talk in the corridor so nobody speak to he , not a live soul , for the whole afternoon . so now it 's dinner and everyone 's stand round the table -- still not a word -- wait for her majesty to arrive . one hour go by , two , the sultan 's get a wee bit peckish to say the least . so finally , he wee laddy break for the cold meat and stuff a slice in he mouth . well , the uproar when she hear . you would have think someone have steal the crown jewel . brown stare back , still piss off . brown so ? archie so , there be rule . thing you do and thing you do not do . brown I be just tell the woman how I feel , for God 's sake . archie you do not tell her majesty how you feel . brown I speak as I find , archie . archie not down south you do not . brown slam a drawer shut . archie let it go and watch he brother . a beat . archie ( cont 'd ) so what do ponsonby do when she start shouting ? brown I think he nearly rupture he truss . a beat , then both man burst out laugh . int . osborne house , servant hall - day the clatter of voice and bang door as under servant hurry about with plate , knife and fork , lay the Upper servant 's huge table for dinner . archie lead brown through this rush of activity . brown how much ? archie seventy a year . brown not bad , not bad . archie how about yourself ? brown sixty . archie ( grin ) that 's pretty good for a ghillie . brown smile dryly . they pour themselves a drink from the table . brown Prince Leopold ? be he the one who bleed all day ? so what do he valet do ? wash he poultice for he ? archie it 's better than shovel horse shit . brown if you be look for promotion , you should have pick one of the healthier one . archie she 's hardly a full hamper herself . brown ( beat ) it 's only grief make she like she be . archie Three year , John . be that not a bit long to be grieve ? brown she love he . archie come on , man . there 's love and there 's ... brown what ? archie you know what I mean . brown I be not sure I do , archie . archie there 's love and there 's behave like you do because there 's nobody to tell you not to . hold on brown . he let it go and move on . across the hall , he spot the pretty assistant dresser watch they . brown which one of we be she flirt with ? archie the good-look one . brown aye ? then she 's obviously not get enough to do . archie you work the system right , you could ask she yourself . just be thankful you be not work for Household . the Queen never let they out of she sight . but wee spat like we can slip through the net , easy . a beat . brown stare straight at he . brown I be no wee spat , archie . int . osborne house , upper corridor - morning the next day , victoria and she lady be hurry down a corridor on she way into the dining room . victoria suddenly stop and stare out of the window . her entourage be several step past she before they realize what 's happen and scurry back to take up they position behind . now we see what have catch she attention . brown be stand in the courtyard below , by he pony . she watch he for a moment , then without reacting , walk on . ext . osborne house - afternoon some hour later . it be now raining . a gaggle of royal grandchildren hurry out of a carriage from they afternoon recreational while they nannies frantically try to keep they dry under the umbrella . John brown stand tall and erect on the gravel while they rush around he , laugh and giggle . int . osborne house , upper corridor - evening rain on the window . victoria be walk in the opposite direction down the corridor with she entourage . she stop at the same place as before . victoria ( as if she have not seem he earlier ) who be that ? Lady ely peer through the rain . lady ely it 's Mr Brown , mar 'am . victoria what be he do there ? lady ely he appear to be ... stand by he horse . victoria I make no request to go out riding today . ( beat ) how long have he be there ? lady ely I do not know , mar 'am . ( nervously ) he be observe earlier , I believe . at this moment , ponsonby come down the corridor . victoria Sir Henry , Mr Brown be stand in the courtyard . I have no wish to go riding . ponsonby I be very sorry , mar 'am . I can not imagine -- he be certainly give no instruction . victoria please make sure it do not happen again . ponsonby of course , at once . victoria take one last look and walk away . int . osborne house , private secretary's chamber - night half a hour later , ponsonby stand at he desk face brown . ponsonby what on earth do you think you be do ? brown stare straight back . brown await my order . ponsonby you do not report for duty unless the Queen request it . you know that very well . brown I do not come all this way to sit on my arse . ponsonby you will await you order like everyone else . unless you prefer a repeat of yesterday 's little excitement . brown no . ponsonby I beg you pardon ? int . osborne house , upper corridor - day the next day . from a high window , we see ponsonby scuttling madly across the courtyard towards the figure of JOHN brown , who be stand exactly as he be the day before . victoria watch impassively . ext . osborne house , courtyard - day ponsonby stand close to brown , shouting in he face . ponsonby I think I make myself perfectly clear . you do not leave you room until her majesty request it . brown ( eye straight ahead , shouting back ) well , you tell her majesty from I , if she husband be here now , he would have have she out of that house and get some air in she . what the hell 's the point in I be here otherwise ?! from the window above , victoria take in he word . a beat . ponsonby collect himself . ponsonby go inside at once . brown be that the Queen 's request ? ponsonby yes , it most certainly be ! brown turn , grab the lead rein and lead he horse back to the stable . int . osborne house , stable - day a few minute later , brown be in the process of stabling he horse . suddenly he turn . victoria be stand at the far end of the stable with she entourage . victoria Mr Brown . brown yes , mar 'am . victoria you have be tell repeatedly not to stand in the courtyard unless request to do so . brown yes , mar 'am . victoria then why do you persist in do it ? brown because I think her majesty be wrong . if ever there be a poor soul who need fresh air , it be she . a beat . victoria the Queen will ride out if and when she choose . brown and I intend to be there when she 's ready . silence . the two of they stare at each other . ext . osborne house , the ground - day the next day , high and wide over the stunningly manicure landscape . Long lawn , wind - cropped copse and in the distance , the glitter sea . ext . osborne house , the ground - day victoria sit side - saddle on a horse . brown lead she in silence . ext . clifftop - day victoria look up . victoria Prince Albert be go to build a bench here . he think it one of the best view in osborne . brown it 's a fine spot , mar 'am . victoria he think so , yes . she stare ahead . victoria ( cont 'd ) in everything I do and everything I say , I try to think , as much as possible , what he would do , or say , if he be here now . my private Secretary wish I to return to public duty -- she stop abruptly , but brown cut in . brown if Prince Albert be here today , he would tell he a thing or two . victoria Sir Henry be not alone . they all wish it . ( beat ) the same people who refuse to grant my husband the title of King because he be deem of insufficient rank -- she stop again , cut quickly back to small - talk . victoria ( cont 'd ) it be a fine spot for a bench , be it not ? brown aye , mar 'am . victoria yes . a pause . victoria ( cont 'd ) I have some letter in the saddle bag . I wish to read they . brown walk up to she side , open the saddle bag and hand she a bundle of letter hold together with ribbon . victoria ( cont 'd ) I can not read they like that . brown undoe the ribbon and try again . victoria cut in . victoria ( cont 'd ) you will hand they to I as I require . brown take off the top letter and hand it to she . int . osborne house , upper servant table - night the clatter and crush of the Upper servant 's table as upper servant sit themselves down to dinner while under servant prepare to serve soup . archie come in and sit himself somewhere in the middle next to a empty seat . a moment later , brown stride in . but instead of sit at the place beside he brother , he go straight to the head of the table and plonk himself down . slowly , the clatter die away as the whole room stop and stare at he in silence . brown fix they with a look . a elderly butler step into the room and stare in amazement at brown . a smooth young man , bertie' valet , hurry up to intercede . bertie' valet Mr. Carter , the head butler , sit there . brown not now he do not . this be my place . bertie' valet by whose authority ? brown my own . a little frisson of oh-my - gawdness . bertie' valet stare icily at he . bertie' valet the order of seating at the Upper servant 's table be arrange personally by the Queen herself . brown that 's a tautology lad . ( unable to stop himself seriously explain it ) if you say the Queen arrange something , you have no need to say she 's do it personally . that 's understand . but as far as bertie' valet be concerned , it be not . he stare down in mute fury , then snap he finger at one of the under servant , who rush over . there be a hurried exchange of whisper before the under servant rush out . unperturbed , brown bring out he flask and pour himself a substantial draft of whiskey . he turn to the pretty assistant dresser , sit to he right . brown ( cont 'd ) be you dresser to her majesty ? she blink nervously at he . assistant dresser Assistant , sir , yes . brown tuck into he soup . everyone watch and wait . brown what 's you name ? assistant dresser Mary Taylor , sir . brown have I see you up in balmoral , Mary ? assistant dresser I hope to go up next year . brown you would not happen to know what the Queen 's read for recreation , would you , Mary ? the assistant dresser think for a moment . assistant dresser Lord tennyson , sir ? brown nod . all conversation stop as the under servant burst back in . she halt at the door , look blankly from bertie 's valet to the elderly butler . a beat . the old man stiffen and make he way to the middle of the table . brown look up from he soup . brown be I the only one eat ? with a clatter of spoon , everyone obediently eat . int . osborne house , drawing room - day a few day later . a morning " draw room . " stand round the unlit fireplace be doctor jenner , lady ely , lady churchill , the two lady in waiting and princess alexandra . all be dress against the icy wind that whistle through the open window where victoria sit knitting busily while bertie stand beside she , coat buttone up to the collar . ponsonby have station himself opposite , beside a desk pile high with red dispatch box . he run through the daily itinerary . ponsonby Lord clarendon arrive , by invitation , at eleven o'clock , follow at twelve by a picnic in the grounds to celebrate princess Alice 's birthday . dispatch , as usual , at two . ( finish , then cough ) the chancellor write to say that , by happy coincidence , he will be in cow for the weekend . he ask if you majesty might grant he a audience . victoria why ? ponsonby he think , perhaps , you majesty might wish to be inform of the latest development in government . victoria no . I shall be out walk . a beat . bertie watch closely now . ponsonby cough again , nervous . ponsonby then perhaps you majesty might consider it opportune if the Prince of Wale be to meet he on you behalf ? victoria stiffen . she speak without turn . victoria on no account . ponsonby give up . politely , but firmly , bertie take up the rein . bertie mama , I really do think it 's time we make ourselves a little more ... available . victoria carry on knitting . bertie ( cont 'd ) I think we must accept we position in the country be not entirely unrelated to the continue absence of the monarchy from public life . ( silence ) I think perhaps we might consider a small gesture of some kind ? victoria look up sharply . victoria gesture ? bertie I think , a dinner for we ambassador perhaps ? victoria ( cut in firmly ) no dinner , bertie. ( beat ) why be you dress for outdoors ? bertie it 's so infernally cold in here . victoria cold be good -- ( call across ) be that not so , Dr. jenner ?! jenner I be sorry , mar 'am ? victoria cold be good ! jenner excellent , mar 'am , excellent . ( try he hand ) but perhaps if she majesty be to consider accompany she new-found physical vigor with the benefit of mental activity ... victoria ( become very agitate ) why be I be lecture in this way ?! jenner forgive I , you majesty . in no way do I wish to suggest -- victoria ( cut across he ) I will not tolerate anybody lecture I about the responsibility of the monarchy .... bertie mother .... victoria ... least of all my son . it be he irresponsibility that drive my husband to he grave . a appal silence . with great dignity , bertie absorb the shock of the insult and quietly steer the conversation in another direction . bertie if it be inconvenient to her majesty , then perhaps she might consider allow the Prince of Wale to host -- victoria I do believe they send so many box to taunt I . Doctor jenner write to they to say that my nerve be in a extremely fragile state and yet they continue to hound I with box after box after box after box after box ! silence . victoria have cross to the window and stare out at the view . have recover she composure , she turn to address they all . victoria ( cont 'd ) I wish to take the princess for a swim . for a moment , nobody believe what they have hear . she continue . victoria ( cont 'd ) the turn I have be take in the grounds have prove most beneficial to I , and Brown think that salt water will do I good . bertie stare at she in silence while ponsonby and doctor jenner exchange a worried look . ext . private beach , isle of wight - day the door of the Royal bathing - machine swing open and Queen victoria , in a voluminous swim -dress , sail out like a duck into the freezing sea . as she do so , the door of the other machine open and princess helena and princess Louise follow she in . dignity do not allow they to shout out , but they expression of constipate agony be a picture . victoria begin swim around in a vigorous little circle . victoria do not potter , child . swim . hold for a moment on the princess ' miserable face . ext . osborne house - day half a hour later , ponsonby , doctor jenner , lady ely and two footmen watch as brown help victoria up some step and onto she horse . he glance at the stiff line of householder and mutter curtly to himself . brown you could buy that lot for garden ornament and still see change from ten guinea . the household do not hear this , but queen victoria have overhear and try to suppress a smile . as she settles into the saddle , she foot come loose . brown fasten it into the stirrup . brown ( cont 'd ) lift you foot , woman . everyone hear this . victoria obey . take the rein , he then walk the queen out of the courtyard . as they vanish from site , we hear ... disraeli ( o.s. ) this nation be fortunate in so much as it be not govern by force ... fade to black . caption : " 1866 " fade in : int . the house of parliament - day the speech continue as we follow the progress of a tomahawk cartoon do the round of the tory back bench from knee to knee . it be entitle , " where be Britannia ? " and show a empty throne drape with the Royal cloak . disraeli ( o.s. ) ... but by a chain of tradition that have be cherish from generation to generation , because in they -- in we tradition -- be embody all the law which have enable we to create the great empire of modern time ... during the above , the cartoon reach the front bench and land on the knee of the young , earnest stanley . as he frown at the picture in front of he , disraeli wind up . disraeli ( cont 'd ) ... but , even though we have amass great capital and even though we have establish a industry with no parallel in the world , yet all this mighty creation be as nothing compare to the invisible custom that shape we life . to that honorable gentleman of the opposition who seek to destroy the essential element of this country , I say let they remember : England can not begin again . during this peroration , we see disraeli for the first time . he be handsome , obviously jewish and wire thin , like dicken on slimfast . he dress almost dandyishly but speak with startling vigor ; a combination of brilliance and cheek that be he key . to cheer from he back bencher , he sit . as he look up , he catch the eye of he opposite on the liberal bench . gladstone be different in almost every respect ; dour , dogge , heavy - set and tall . they stare levelly for a second , then disraeli flash a brilliant smile . stanley plop the cartoon on he lap . stanley have you see this ? int . the house of parliament , lobby corridor - day a few minute later , disraeli and stanley be strolling down the busy lobby corridor . throughout they talk , tory back - bencher bustle up to pat they hero on the back and offer they congratulation . stanley should we take it seriously ? disraeli the cartoon or her majesty 's absenteeism ? stanley well , both . disraeli the question be , do we need she ? stanley surely , you be not suggest we dispense -- disraeli my dear stanley , a Prime Minister with only a handful of friend must respect public opinion . the pass gladstone in a huddle of cohort . disraeli ( cont 'd ) gossip count . Lord Aberdeen be right . this country be not govern by wisdom but by talk . ( beat ) grant , it would not take much to winkle the old girl out of mourn , but if public opinion be against she , then it do not do to appear too close . stanley so ? disraeli we will see which way the wind blow . disraeli sweep through a prattle of back - bencher . ext . public beach , isle of wight - day brown and archie crash into the water . it be freezing . brown brace himself against the icy shallow by bellow burn at the sea . brown my heart 's in the highlands , my heart be not here ! my heart 's in the highlands a-chase the deer ! Chasing the wild deer and follow the roe ! my heart 's in the highlands wherever I go ! archie be so crease up with laugh , he almost drown . ext . public beach , isle of wight - day a few minute later , brown and archie hurry back up the cold beach to rub themselves dry . brown be very energize . brown one box of biscuit , one box of drop tablet , one box of praline , sixteen chocolate sponge . it 's the same order every week , but do anybody bother to check it ? now she have to travel all the way to balmoral without the few luxury she actually enjoy . archie so ? someone will send it on ahead . brown aye , but will they ? archie John , it 's not you problem what she eat . brown the woman 's surround by fool ! ( beat ) she have to be pack and ready to leave by seven thirty tomorrow morning . know that lot , they will still be dress she at eight . brown take a nip of whiskey and offer some to he brother . archie she 's get a army of people to get she up and out . brown but I be the only one she trust . archie stare at he . a beat . archie she will blow hot and cold on you , John , she always do . you want to be careful . brown I be on ninety pound a year plus seventy pound for a pile of tartan I would be wear anyway . that 's as much as a page of the back stair get and that job 's only for toff . ( raise he hip flask triumphantly at the sea ) I be her majesty 's highland servant ! indoor and out . there 's no stop I now . ext . balmoral castle - night a few day later . the clatter of carriage and horse as the royal party thunder through gather dark toward balmoral Castle . caption : " balmoral " ext . balmoral castle - twilight a mass of torch encircle the royal party as kilted ghillies and staff swarm round the carriage , open door and clamber off box while a regiment of piper play they in . amid this swarm of activity , we glimpse brown open the door to a smile victoria as she climb down , follow by princess helena and princess louise . emerging from another carriage come bertie and princess alexandra , stare grim face at the castle . henry ponsonby and doctor jenner alight from they carriage as ponsonby slip on he glove and pinch he nose at the pain of remembrance . ponsonby oh God , not the pipe ! ext . lochnager - day the next day . High over the vast , bleak mountain of lochnager and Loch muick . victoria and brown be riding fast towards the top . reaching the summit , victoria point excitedly at the far horizon . victoria what be that ? brown what ? victoria that , over there , there . brown ( horse chestnut tree ... ) craobhan -geanmchno-fhiadhaich . victoria ( beat ) craobhan -geanmchno ... ( burst out laugh ) how can I possibly say that with a straight face ?! brown let it go and they ride on . victoria ( cont 'd ) I be think of publishing my " highland journal . " brown be they worth read ? victoria ( beat ) I be tell so . brown who by ? victoria Sir Henry ponsonby tell I they be charming . brown what do he know about the highlands ? victoria he have be attend at balmoral for many year . brown that do not make he a expert . victoria his remark be direct at the quality of the write , not its subject . brown I do not groom a horse to have it admire by other , I groom it because it need groom . victoria ( curtly ) I do not do it for other . but ponsonby think they be good . brown just say what you have to say , woman . what other people think should not matter to you . victoria ( snap ) of course I shall say what I have to say . I always do . the stare at each other until brown kick he horse on . brown aye , well , if all you want be a good opinion then he would be sure to oblige you . victoria ( riding alongside ) what Mr ponsonby be appreciate be they literary merit , a skill not intimately associate with the knowledge of groom . ( beat ) literary appreciation do not begin and end with tennyson . brown lower he head . victoria ( cont 'd ) ( in a softer tone ) I mention you in they . brown say nothing . victoria ( cont 'd ) in particular , the occasion when Albert be alive ; the Royal carriage overturn during a storm and you demonstrate such loyal service in return the Queen and the princess safely to balmoral . take a sprig of heather from she brooch , victoria hold it out to he . a beat . victoria ( cont 'd ) for friendship . int . balmoral castle - day a few day later , ponsonby , doctor jenner and brown stand at the chamber - desk , talk over the Queen 's itinerary . brown ( briskly ) she will be away on Friday between eight o'clock and six in the evening to visit the grant in glasalt . if she 's to make the journey there and back in the day she 's to have no distraction the night before . she will take a light supper alone in she private draw room and retire early . ponsonby she will need to sign dispatch before she retire . brown that can wait till the weekend . ponsonby there be important papers from -- brown it can wait . anything else ? jenner be you sure her majesty be up to such a long journey ? she have only just recover from a severe head cold . brown if I think she be not up to it , I would not let she go , would I ? brown snap together he papers and walk out , leave ponsonby and doctor jenner stand lamely at the table . ext . balmoral castle - day the next morning . the royal family be picnick in the grounds . victoria walk along a path accompany on one side by brown , on the other by bertie . bertie be in mid-plea . bertie surely it be for the gentleman to decide when to stop ... victoria it be a disgusting habit , bertie . it should be discourage . bertie yes , but be not midnight a little excessive ? victoria it be quite late enough . bertie but mama , the room be build expressly for that purpose . it have be a smoking - room by tradition ever since father -- victoria ( cut in angrily ) Brown 's responsibility be onerous enough already . he have far too much to do without have to stay up all night wait for you to go to bed . the smoking - room will be close and the light put out at twelve o'clock . bertie mama ... victoria and that be my last word on the matter . bertie well , I be sorry , but I really do think it 's too much that the gentleman of the house should be dictate to by a servant . brown it 's the Queen 's decision . bertie I beg you pardon ? ( to victoria ) mama ...? before bertie can continue , brown step right into he face . brown I think you should go now . ( beat ) you have tired you mother enough . bertie stare back , too stunne to speak . he glance at he mother , but victoria look off into the distance as if she have not hear . bertie turn and storm away . int . estate cottage , balmoral - day JOHN brown be stand in the doorway of a small cottage watch , with amused detachment , as a middle - age couple , mr and mrs grant , race about they tiny live room , try desperately to make it presentable for the Queen 's sudden visit . they fling open the window , slosh water on the fire , tidy up they two grubby boy , plump up the cushion , dump knitting under the sofa and try to smarten themselves up , all in the space of a few second . brown there 's really no need for this . mrs grant I will not have she see it like it be ! ( beat ) I know she mean well , but I wish she would warn we she be come . brown she think if she warn you , you would go pour water on the fire and stuff the knitting under the sofa . mr grant aye , well , you can not stop a wife be house - proud . mrs grant survey the room critically . mrs grant all right . ( beat ) show she in . ext . estate cottage , balmoral - day victoria sit on a horse and trap . brown step out and help she down . brown they be ready now . victoria I hope they do not go to any trouble , John . brown ah , well ... int . estate cottage , balmoral - day victoria step in to be greet by all four grant in one military row , smoke still steaming off the fire . brown stand behind she , barely able to contain himself . but for victoria , it be all she 's ever know and so she take it as perfectly normal . victoria Mr grant . how good it be to see you . mr grant ( bow deeply ) you majesty . victoria Mrs grant . how be you knee ? have the pain ease a little ? mrs grant ( bob in terror ) oh not so bad , mar 'am . victoria good . oh and here be Douglas and John . have not you grow ? mrs grant ( still bob away ) grow all the time , mar 'am . mr grant remember himself and gesture victoria towards a chair . mr grant will you sit , mar 'am ? from he place by the wall , brown notice how easily she smile as she be lead to the chair . she point to a picture on the wall and she good humour be infectious . victoria I know that ! that 's cairn lochan . we picnick there once , do we not , John ? int . a society party , london - day a few day later , a party of aristocrat , minister , diplomat , escort , businessman and whore . into this brouhaha come disraeli , he elderly wife mary anne and the young stanley . it be all eye and nod here . everyone know everyone . disraeli ah , the greasy pole . mary anne do not be facetious , dear . remember you position . disraeli it 's my position I be think of . across the room , stanley spot bertie amid a crowd of acolyte . stanley I see the Prince of Wale be here . disraeli I hope he get he mother 's permission . stanley smile faintly . disraeli home in on a punter and raise he hand , already work the room . disraeli ( cont 'd ) Lord salisbury ! int . a society party , london - day the society party be hot up . stanley be deep in conversation with three society lady . society lady 1 ( ridiculously pleased with herself ) why be the Queen penny - wise and pound foolish ? because she look after the Browns and let the sovereign take care of themselves ! a peal of naughty laughter . unseen , disraeli step up . disraeli and in you opinion ? be she foolish ? the society lady stare blankly back . society lady 1 well I ... well , I mean to say , it 's hardly right , be it ? disraeli what ? society lady 1 well , the Queen and -- ( appal whisper ) Mr Brown . disraeli stare at she steadily , already think ahead . disraeli La superstition meet le monde entier en flamme . society lady 2 ( thick as shit ) I beg you pardon ? disraeli ( change tack ) have anybody see this ... Mr Brown ? stanley he be she personal servant , I believe . society lady 1 ( knowingly ) follow she wherever she go . disraeli he would hardly make a very good personal assistant if he do not . int . estate cottage , balmoral - day brown stand by a wall , smile to himself at the sight of queen victoria struggle to help lay the table while mrs grant nervously prattles on . mrs grant ... it 's not my best china . I mean , it be my best china now , but the family set get steal last summer . victoria oh , I be so sorry ... mrs grant of course it be no - one on the estate . more likely one of the lad from braemar . or further even . ( beat ) I will fetch the salt . mrs grant scurries away . victoria immediately hold up the spoon to brown with a question look -- above or beside the plate ? he nod she to the top and she quickly carry on . int . a society party , london - day disraeli and mary anne stand with bertie and he acolyte . bertie Mr disraeli . ma'am . disraeli you Royal highness . what a pleasure to see you here . bertie have you meet Mr lyle ? he 's in sugar ...? disraeli I do not think I have have that pleasure . disraeli shake hand with the fat sugar tycoon who wobble with drink . mary anne engage he in conversation while bertie turn disraeli aside . bertie no doubt you have hear the rumor . disraeli I take no account of gossip , you highness . bertie my concern be for the reputation of the monarchy . disraeli of course . bertie I fear the influence he have on she . the man 's word be not to be credit . he be a arriviste of the very lowest water . ( beat ) she 's have a bust cast of he . in nero marquino marble . disraeli I see . bertie I would talk to she myself , but she will not listen to I . she must be persuade , by someone she respects , to abandon this ridiculous favoritism before a situation develop . disraeli a situation ? bertie I do not imagine you frequent the Republican club . but the fact that neither you nor I be member should not blind we to the significance of they existence . ( beat ) the tory Party have always be we party . disraeli I be flatter you think so . bertie I tell you , if we do not stick together on this , you could find yourself first President 's opposition . ( murdering it ) du royaum uni. disraeli quite . a beat . bertie I do not think we can overstate the seriousness of this . disraeli nod and bertie walk swiftly back to he party . the moment he 's go , stanley step up to disraeli 's side . stanley what do he want ? disraeli to know when he will be king . int . estate cottage , balmoral - day victoria , brown and the grant be eat around a large table . like a wife watch she husband , victoria beam proudly at brown as he tell a story . brown ... so grant here and myself be riding over lochnagar and the rain 's pour down in sheet and all we be think about be get home for a drink , when through the gloom grant spot a couple of poacher . he give I a shout and we chase they down towards the loch until grant have you man up against the stack and he 's shouting and cursing at they , " why be you poach on Royal land ?! " and one of the little fella look up at he and say , " cause we have come up in the world . " for a split second , both the grant look petrify , then brown and victoria explode into laughter and the grant relax . suddenly the grant be helpless with laughter too . beginning with victoria 's glass , brown pour out liberal quantity of whiskey all round . ext . balmoral castle - dusk later that night , the courtyard be pack with a gaggle of worried householders hold lamp . through the light , brown and victoria clatter into the courtyard on the horse and trap . doctor jenner break through the crowd in a state of high excitement . jenner you majesty ! thank goodness you be safe ! I will have a bath prepare immediately . I recommend macdonald 's African embrocation -- brown ( cut in ) ah , pipe down , man . the woman 's fine . victoria we stay a little longer than expect with Mr and Mrs grant . it be most agreeable . ponsonby we be expect you to return by six . victoria and now I be back . brown can not resist one more little dig . brown we take a nip of whiskey . victoria to keep out the cold . brown aye . victoria smile and brown lift she off the trap . before walk in she turn and , in front of everyone , say ... victoria thank you , John . brown bow and the queen walk on . as she straighten up , he find ponsonby and doctor jenner stare back at he in utter disbelief at what she have just say . he turn and lead the horse back to the stable . jenner ( under he breath ) she 's drunk . ponsonby do not answer . he be watch brown very closely . jenner ( cont 'd ) a distinct flush around the cheek . she be drunk , I tell you . ponsonby no , she be not . silence . jenner turn to look at ponsonby . jenner surely not ... ponsonby 's face be set hard . ponsonby do not even think about it . int . balmoral castle , ballroom - night a crush of kilted ghillies as we slam into the height of the annual ghillie 's Ball . the whole court be reeling through the dance ; all of they behold the extraordinary spectacle of queen victoria and JOHN brown dance together in the middle of the hall . ponsonby and jenner stand by the wall , watch . Close - up on ponsonby' face as jenner mutter darkly . jenner pandora 's box ... with a slam of foot the reel end , the ghillies roar and brown and victoria stand smile at each other in silence . a King and he Queen . int . balmoral castle , ballroom - night later that night . we find brown , slouched on the ground , dead -drunk and snore loudly . ext . lochnager - day a few day later , four journalist be scrabbling up a stony path , armed with telescope . ext . lochnager - day a large royal party be make its way smoothly and quietly up the mountain . brown be on horseback , lead victoria on a dapple-grey . ext . lochnager - day the journalist rattle up the hill . ext . lochnager - day brown and victoria start pull ahead of the main party . ext . lochnager - day the journalist scramble up to some gorse bush , dump themselves down and start set up the telescope . ext . lochnager - day brown and victoria near the summit when brown suddenly stop . he stiffen and turn to face the wind , as if catch a scent . victoria frown . victoria what be it , John ? ( beat ) John ? brown I hear something . brown 's eye fix on some distant gorse bush . brown ( cont 'd ) I will not be long . he dismount and race off . ext . lochnager - day the journalist be peer through they telescope . journalist 1 where do he get to ? I have lose he ? below they , brown race across the riverbank and undergrowth , unseen . journalist 2 I do not know if there 's much worth write about . journalist 1 hard to tell . brown rear up above they and stop . brown this close enough for you ? go on ! on you way ! you filthy scavenger ! the journalist scramble to they foot and start legging it down the hill , while brown roar furiously , hurl they bag after they . brown ( cont 'd ) you leave she alone , do you hear ?! the journalist vanish below the hillside . int . balmoral castle , upper servant table - night that night . brown be stand at the head of the table , yell at the upper servant , irrespective of archie or anyone . brown if I catch the miserable by - blow who tell that man where she would be , then I will hang he ball to dry on jock wemyss , so I will !! archie glance up at bertie' valet . he be stare down at the table , tooth gritt , fist clench . brown round on they all again . brown ( cont 'd ) what happen to John Brown be he business , but the Queen 's security will never be compromise ! bertie' valet we -- brown you will talk when I be finish ! bertie' valet stare at he in astonishment . brown turn back to the table . brown ( cont 'd ) that kind of disloyalty will not be tolerate in this house , be that clear ? ( beat , yell ) I say , be that clear ?! there be a general mutter of assent . brown turn and storm out as archie get up to follow . int . balmoral castle , henry ponsonby' room - day a few day later , ponsonby be sit at he desk , hand to he hip , listen quietly as doctor jenner read from he copy of punch . jenner " Court circular , balmoral . " ( beat ) " on Tuesday , Mr John Brown enjoy a display of sheep - dip by local farmer . on Wednesday , he attend a seance where he be pleased to listen to a recital of auld lang syne by Mr Robert burn himself ... " int . balmoral castle , lower corridor - day brown crash through a door hold a copy of the same journal . jenner ( o.s. ) " ... on Thursday , Mr John Brown walk on the slope , accompany by family and friend ... " int . balmoral castle , corridor - day brown storm up to ponsonby 's door . jenner ( o.s. ) Mr Brown retire early . int . balmoral castle , henry ponsonby' room - day brown burst in on ponsonby and jenner , slamm down he copy of punch on the desk . he be furious but control . brown if I find out that you have anything to do with this , I will have you sack . ponsonby I believe that decision rest with her majesty . brown do not think I can not persuade she . ponsonby I do not doubt that the Queen be highly amused . she have always have a very healthy sense of humor . brown this be a slur on she good name . ponsonby in as much as the article be about yourself , I think you must now accept that the public have a right to its interest in you . brown nobody have any rights over I . ponsonby we be all of we subject to force beyond we control , Mr Brown , even you . brown stare at he in silence . a beat . brown you will regret say that . fade to black . caption : " 1867 " fade in : int . the house of parliament - day Chaos . the tories be lose the vote as both side of the house stand and shout at each other while the speaker rise in he chair . speaker ( o.s. ) order ! order ! order ! a buzzing silence settles as the house sit for the vote . the counter approach the chair . speaker ( cont 'd ) result of the vote to the first read of the Bill to disestablish the irish Church . a murmur of excitement from the liberal . speaker ( cont 'd ) order ! a beat . counter aye to the right , three hundred and thirty , noe to the leave , two hundred and sixty - five ... by the time he reach " sixty - five " he voice be drown in cheer from the liberal bench . disraeli and the rest of the front bench sit in stony silence . somewhere on the liberal back bench , a wild - eye maverick , dilke , rise to he foot shouting : dilke Mr speaker , I table a motion in furtherance of the Bill to disestablish the monarchy ! a roar from the irate torie and chaos reign again . speaker order ! order !! order !!! int . the house of parliament , lobby corridor - night a hour later the house be empty except for a few straggling mps hurry home . a exhaust disraeli stand in the corridor with stanley . disraeli we be go to lose . stanley you can not know that for sure . disraeli gladstone 's get he party face the same way for the first time in year . we need help . ( long beat ) where be the old girl ? stanley who ? disraeli Mrs Brown . stanley it 's questionable whether there 's any advantage to be have from that direction . she 's never be less popular . disraeli in the press , perhaps . ( hold up punch ) but she 's sell more copy of she highland Journal in three month than punch will ever sell in a year . time to wheel she out . stanley she 's refuse to leave balmoral . disraeli what 's she excuse this time ? stanley the princess louisa be too ill to move . frankly , the Queen 's rather upset at the recent spate of bad publicity . ( beat ) you be smile . disraeli I be try to imagine " rather upset . " the elderly prelate , dean wellselly , hurry in through the lobby door . disraeli put on a welcoming smile . dean wellselly forgive I , gentleman . I be late . disraeli not at all , Dean . good of you to spare the time . dean wellselly I come as quickly as I could . disraeli you have see the latest cartoon in punch , I take it ? dean wellselly ( completely lose ) I beg you pardon ? disraeli open the copy of punch and hand it to Dean wellselly . the Dean clear he throat and start to read . disraeli ( as wellselly read ) one of we madder brethren in the house be call for disestablishment of the monarchy . Dean wellselly look up from the article , horrify . dean wellselly good Lord . stanley ( play the soft glove ) I be sure it will not come to that . disraeli ( the hard glove ) no . but it have now become a matter for we conscience . ( beat ) I be just tell stanley how vital it be that the nation should feel the visible influence of the sovereign . as a reminder that parliament , indeed my own ministry , depend on the will of the Queen . dean wellselly nod he head gravely . over he shoulder , stanley be gape at disraeli 's silky distortion of the party political maneuver into a moral imperative . dean wellselly I could not agree with you more , but I be only Dean of Windsor . I do not understand what ... disraeli interrupt . disraeli we hear from balmoral that Mr Brown be interesting her majesty in some of the form of worship associate with ... low - church presbyterian . silence . dean wellselly's face be a picture of unrestrained horror . low-church . presbyterian . dean wellselly what can we do ? disraeli oh , several thing . int . balmoral castle , queen' drawing room - day some day later . Queen victoria sit at she desk while Henry ponsonby stand in front of she , hold a copy of the Times . victoria read it . ponsonby again ? victoria read it ! ponsonby cough once and begin again . ponsonby " the Times wish to join the rest of her majesty 's loyal subject in express its deep joy at the news that the Queen be soon to come out of she mourn . " victoria glower at he . victoria who tell they that ? ponsonby I have no idea . victoria why not ? ponsonby I -- forgive I , mar 'am , I be no wiser than yourself . suddenly , victoria 's temper go and she shout at he . victoria no-one should think themselves wiser than I ! ( beat ) it be not for any of the Queen 's subject to presume to tell her majesty when and where she should come out of mourn . it be the Queen 's sorrow that keep she secluded ! it be her overwhelming amount of work and responsibility , work which she feel will soon wear she out entirely ! ponsonby you majesty -- victoria ( cut right through he ) be it not enough that she be uncheer and unguide that she should also have to suffer this malicious rumor ?! ( a pause , more quietly ) I be not a fool . ( beat ) I know there be that in the establishment too afraid to attack I and so they attack my dearest friend . sometimes -- I feel that Brown be all I have leave of albert. ( beat ) and now they attack Brown too . she look up , eye blaze . victoria ( cont 'd ) I will not give he up to they . int . balmoral castle , room adjoining drawing room - day brown be guard the door to the draw room while the bald bertie muscle up , eye ball to eye ball . bertie I wish to see my mother . brown she 's busy . bertie convey she a message . brown she 's away to Windsor tomorrow . talk to she there . bertie tell she the Prince of Wale wish to speak with she urgently about matter concern the press . brown be you deaf as well as stupid ? a split-second . bertie gape at he . bertie what do you say ? brown I say , be you deaf as well as stupid ? bertie do you know who you address , sir ? brown whom you address . bertie the future King ! a beat . brown well , everyone 's entitle to they opinion . bertie out of my way ! foolishly , bertie try to barge he way past . suddenly brown lose it completely . he grab the Prince of Wale by the shoulder and pin he back , shouting right into he face . brown leave US alone , why don't you !! for a split-second , brown 's eye flicker as he sense he have go too far . a look of pure venom in bertie' face , then ... ext . windsor castle , quadrangle - night week later . in a roar of hoof and wheel , the Royal carriage sweep into the huge quadrangle . JOHN brown stand rigid on the box , glower at all the world . caption : " windsor " int . windsor castle , servant corridor - night a pair of door open out onto a torchlit driveway as a mass of servant rush in and out , ferry bag a trunk . brown march in , still charge - up from the strain of the journey 's watchfulness . he spot a under - porter snatching a break . brown you ! what 's you business here ?! under -porter ( jump to ) under -porter , sir . brown well , do not stand where you should not ! the under -porter scramble up the stair . a few servant exchange look . brown seem more determine than ever to exert he control . ext . windsor castle , stable - night that night . carry a old storm lamp high over he head , brown walk towards the stable . ext . the ground of windsor castle - day the next day . brown be on horseback , riding with victoria through the grounds . he be still jumpy , eye flick leave and right , search for intruder . they be be follow at a distance by two equerries on horseback . victoria frown peevishly . victoria must they always follow we ? brown I order it . it 's for you own safety . victoria dear I , you will be tell I to watch what I eat next . brown do not react . a beat . victoria ( cont 'd ) be I not safe enough with you , John ? brown aye. ( look away ) but there be fenian report on the mainland . victoria ( tutting irritably ) the threat from the irish be greatly exaggerated , I be sure . brown ( snap back ) I will decide when it 's exaggerated . brown chuck he horse on , bring a firm halt to the conversation . a beat . he pull up suddenly , stare at the shadow in the copse . victoria be anything the matter , John ? ( beat ) John ? he stare for along moment and then let it go . brown nothing 's the matter . int . windsor castle , stable - night brown march down the line of horse box . a stable - lad , barney , be feed the horse . he look twitchy . brown hey , barney . barney Mr Brown , sir -- brown it 's cold out there tonight , barney . reaching he pony , brown stop and smile . the animal lift its face to he and he softly stroke he muzzle . brown ( cont 'd ) yeah , there 's a good girl . ( to barney ) have you have a look at this hoof ? she be limping badly . I think there might be a stone in it . barney yeah , yeah , I do . brown good man . and be she all right ? barney yeah . brown good . she 's a good girl . be not you ? yeah , she 's a lovely girl . and you know the Queen 's riding tomorrow ? barney yeah . brown ( beat ) be you all right , barney ? barney twitches again and brown realize too late . the split-second he turn , he see three men . brown ( cont 'd ) oh , aye ... the men pile onto he and he collapse under they weight . as he fall , brown manage to yank himself round , bang up a fist and fling the other off he . but the first man be up again , twist a arm round he neck and tug he back . the other grapple he arm down , but brown be incredibly strong . even now , grunt and scrabbling , he make they fight to force he back . barney stand transfix in horror . dump brown against the wall , the man step back and start kick the shit out of he . brown curl into a ball , jaw lock , hand over he head . not a sound . finally , they back off , panting hard . the first man pull out a bottle of whiskey , yank back brown 's head and force whiskey down he throat . it spill over he face and dribble down he neck . int . windsor castle , queen' sitting room - day the next day . victoria be stand at the window . the door open and lady ely walk in . victoria well ? lady ely Mr Brown be unable to attend today . victoria why ? lady ely I believe he be unwell , mar 'am . victoria unwell ? lady ely I understand he be in a fight . victoria have he be hurt ? lady ely I believe not , mar 'am . I understand -- he would have rather too much to drink . victoria walk away and step behind she desk . victoria you may go . lady ely bow and walk out . victoria stare at the desk a moment , then pick up she pen and try to work . she cannot . int . windsor castle , brown' quarter - day brown sit on the edge of the bed in only he undergarment . his face , arm , leg and finger be livid with bruise , but he sit there , stiff - back and gritting he tooth , while archie crouch in front of he , tend to he wound . brown and she send no word down ? archie they say you be drunk . ( beat ) why do not you tell she the truth ? brown she will think it 's she fault for keep I . archie complete one of the dressing when brown suddenly reach back and start try to put on he shirt . archie what be you do ?! brown I be get dress . archie you have get three break rib , man ! brown I have get my duty to attend to . archie do not be a idiot ! you be in no fit state to go anywhere . brown she will be worried about I . archie she will get over it . brown I can not let she down now , archie . archie and when be the last time she put herself out for you ? look , John , whatever she say to you now , in the end you be still a servant . brown oh , I be much more than that . archie aye , she may say that to you , but the woman can say what she want . brown you watch you tongue . archie come on , man , I be tell you what you already know . brown you know nothing about she ! archie when be you gonna see it , John ? she do not give a damn about you . brown lunge for the bedside drawer and pull out a card show a coy picture of a pretty woman . he hold it up , eye blaze . brown from the Queen ! he read out the inscription . brown ( cont 'd ) my lip may give a message better of Christmas love than e'en this letter . ( beat ) to my best friend , j.b. from he best friend , v.r. ( he thrust it in he brother 's face ) best friend ! archie aye . brown she mean it . archie stare at he . archie she will drop you . when she 's do with you , she will drop you . brown get out . ( beat ) out ! archie step back but brown roar at he . brown ( cont 'd ) out !! archie step outside and brown be leave alone . int . windsor castle , queen' sitting room - day the next day . victoria sit at she desk . ponsonby hand she letter to sign . ponsonby ... to be follow by a visit from Lady bridport . she be keen to secure a place for she niece as maid of honor . victoria sign the last letter and sit back . victoria I be tired . ponsonby cough . ponsonby there be one other matter . victoria what be it ? ponsonby I have a letter , mar 'am . victoria from whom ? ponsonby from princess helena and other member of you family . victoria ( stiffening defensively ) my family be quite capable of communicate with the Queen in person . ponsonby do not reply . finally , victoria be oblige to ask . victoria ( cont 'd ) what do they want ? ponsonby they be demand the dismissal of John Brown on grounds of drunkeness . victoria stare through the window , expressionless . int . windsor castle , chapel - day victoria walk through the ornate chapel , nervously finger she handkerchief . wait for she , smile softly , be the Dean of Windsor , dean wellselly . dean wellselly you wish to see I , mar 'am ? she hold he eye for a moment , then nod . int . windsor castle , chapel - day a few minute later , victoria and dean wellselly be seat in a corner of the chapel , talk softly . she cannot bring herself to look at he and so do not notice how carefully he be watch she throughout the interview . this be incredibly hard for she to say , but she struggle to be as honest as possible . victoria my husband try always to make I think more subtly . of course he teach I so much and I can never repay my debt to he , or the love I feel , even now . but , in truth , I think I be someone who can only feel thing while they be alive to I . for that reason , I know I do not have a subtle mind . I know that . but I work hard and I try to do my duty . ( she hesitates ; she be struggle now ) however , I have notice of late that my feeling of grief be not so strong and -- that I find myself lean more upon the comfort of live friend . ( beat ) Friends close to I now . she stop herself . she be cry . dean wellselly watch she a moment , then speak close , choose he word carefully . dean wellselly you majesty , a settle resignation be more last proof of affection than active grief . if the good Lord see fit to bring one into contact with congenial fellow being , one should not analyze one 's reaction too deeply . to allow oneself to be comfort by someone else need not imply any disloyalty to the memory of the love one . silence . victoria stare into the long , dark chapel . gradually , as she take in the tone of he remark , she disappointment turn to anger . int . windsor castle , queen' sitting room - day the next day , victoria stand at the far window and she back to the room . line up against the wall be bertie and he sibling . victoria Sir Henry . ponsonby step forward . ponsonby ma'am ? victoria please tell the princess , and other signatory to this letter , that the Queen will not be dictate to , or make to alter , in any way , what she have find to answer for she comfort . ( beat ) do I make myself clear ? ponsonby ma'am . a beat . victoria you may go . they all file out . ext . the ground of windsor castle - day a few day later . brown and victoria be riding on horseback . although better than he be , brown be face be still badly bruise . they turn a corner bank by tree . brown be watch the queen closely . she stop . victoria I would like to get down . without a word , brown dismount and help she off she horse . victoria ( cont 'd ) John ? brown yes , mar 'am ? victoria I be tell you be in a fight . brown yes , mar 'am . victoria have someone see to that bruise ? brown yes , mar 'am . a beat . brown ( cont 'd ) ma'am ? victoria yes ? brown have consider my position here at court , I have come to the conclusion that it be in the best interest of you majesty that I should resign . victoria I do not accept . a beat . brown I have foreseen that you would not . but you majesty should understand -- that my mind will not be change in this . I leave for deeside -- victoria ( cut in ) the Queen forbid it . ( beat ) I can not allow it because I can not live without you . without you , I can not find the strength to be who I must be . please . she take he hand to she mouth and kiss it gently , then look at he , utterly helpless . victoria ( cont 'd ) promise I you will not let they send I back . a long silence . brown hold she hand tight . brown I promise . fade to black . caption : " 1868 " fade in : ext . lowland - day a few week later . a tiny horse - draw carriage creep across a huge highland landscape . disraeli ( v.o. ) yesterday , gladstone talk for three hour on the irish Church Bill ... I be as guilty as the rest of underestimate he reforming zeal . tory day may be numbered , but I fancy there yet remain one last hope of deliverance . wheresoever the blame lie , we must now close rank and defend Mrs Brown 's England . as for my interminable journey to the land of calvin , oatcake and sulphur ... ext . balmoral castle - day disraeli hurry through the pour rain . disraeli ( o.s. ) ... no Prime Minister make great sacrifice than attempt to run the country six hundred mile north of civilization . reaching the castle , he hurry inside and the great door bang behind he . int . balmoral castle , queen' drawing room - day the next day . queen victoria be play the piano like she walk , with great vim and vigor . the tune be some quaint Scottish ballad which she belt out in she clear strong voice , almost drown out prince arthur , prince louise and prince leopold who be mean to be accompany she . they stand in a nervous semi-circle , fumble they harmony . ignoring they completely , victoria bob up she head with a quizzical smile to make sure she be be appreciate . disraeli and the rest of the household stand a few yard off , smile rigidly . disraeli , the consummate politician to he inch-high instep , out - smile the lot of they . this man be in rapture of delight . and the more liquid he smile , the happier he make victoria . he beam , she belt , until she child be drown out completely . and then , with characteristic suddenness , victoria stop play and launch into one of she tirade . the household wobble in shock like child on a switch - back , but disraeli glide smoothly from delight to sober concern . victoria how dare the irish break with the anglican ? if Albert be alive today he would never allow the Crown to give up Church patronage . no , the irish must be tell , very firmly , to stay exactly where they be . it be the thin edge of the wedge , Mr disraeli . next , you will be tell I that the Crown no longer govern this nation . a beat . a nervous silence in the Household . disraeli you majesty remain at the very epicenter of governance . as for you people , look no further than the sale of you highland journal to see in what affection the nation hold they queen. ( beat ) you sell even more copy than Mr dicken . victoria but I lack you prose , Mr disraeli . victoria give he a tiny smile . disraeli acknowledge it , then steer the conversation back . disraeli of course I understand you concern . you miss you people . ( a pause ) and they miss you . victoria register a slight flicker of defensiveness at the imply criticism . victoria then they may read about I . disraeli indeed , and for that they be eternally grateful . victoria be that not enough ? disraeli in so many way ... and yet it be you presence they crave . a figurehead . victoria have the measure of he . victoria I never think to be bully by you , Mr disraeli . you , I think , understand a widow 's grief . disraeli forgive I , mar 'am , I can not speak for the nation , only for myself . as Prime Minister I confess I miss you presence , but that be only a expression of my own selfish desire and I should not burden you with it . the Household wait . have he claw himself back ? victoria acknowledge he apology . her voice drop and she talk directly to disraeli , straight from the heart . victoria I stay here because I be happy . ( beat ) be that such a terrible crime ? disraeli no , mar 'am . at this moment the far door open and brown walk in . brown time for you walk . without a word , victoria rise from she chair and start follow he out . as they pass disraeli , she stop . victoria this be my good John Brown . disraeli ( take he in ) yes . victoria I have ask he to show you a little of highland life while you be with we at balmoral . brown measure disraeli suspiciously . brown what bring you here ? disraeli a man can refuse only so many invitation from he Queen . it be remiss of I not to come earlier . victoria smile . brown stare . brown what do you know about the highlands ? disraeli I be a blank sheet . brown do you hunt ? disraeli occasionally . brown dare say you can be teach . disraeli to shoot perhaps , but not to kill . brown if you hunt , you kill . disraeli counter effortlessly . disraeli well then , I will do my best . ext . highland , glen gelder - day stay close to the ground we develop through a series of shot show the other highland -- sheet rain against heather and gorse , rivulet of water slashing through mud , crude pathway slide in wind and all ball - breakingly cold . come up the hill , we begin to make out a hunt party . the sound first . like a small army , crash they way up the wind path . ghillies urging on they horse and dog , gun and equipment jangling off pony -hacks a then the tall figure of JOHN brown stride out in front . make no concession to anyone , he force - march they up the hill , eye on the hunt ahead . behind they trot the man on horseback -- disraeli , ponsonby , bertie and other gentlemen , each lead by ghillies and attendant , among they archie . suddenly , brown stop and raise a hand . the party halt . he listen for a second . satisfied that he have find he quarry , he bring he hand down and the party of gentleman dismount as quietly as they can . as he wait , brown wince slightly from the pain in he side . he pull a flask of whiskey from he sporran and drink . all the time , disraeli keep he eye on brown . ext . highland , glen gelder - day the stalking . everyone be now fan out along the hillside , a ghillie to each gentleman , slowly and silently move up the hill . disraeli stalk with brown , panting hard to keep up , eye on he man , try to make no sound . suddenly , brown stop . very slowly he rise . disraeli ride alongside and see ... a huge stag stare majestically across the hillside . keeping he movement smooth and slow , brown bring up he rifle , cock it and offer disraeli the kill . with a deferential gesture of the hand , disraeli decline . brown stare at he a split-second , raise the rifle to he shoulder and fire . ext . highland , glen gelder - day the kill . a rapid montage of gun fire , as we cut to ... int . balmoral castle - day brown sweep in from the hunt , disraeli drip at he side . brown ( demonstrate with he rifle ) always remember , you keep it tight to you shoulder , you absorb the kick . aim for the head . then imagine it 's gladstone . disraeli ( smile ) quite . brown pull out he flask and offer some to disraeli , who decline . he watch brown take a long swig . int . balmoral castle , upper servant table - night that night . brown be stand at he place , drink steadily . he have a sheet of paper and a pen and be tick off a list . line up in front of he , try desperately not to laugh , be five or six upper servant include the pretty assistant dresser and bertie' valet . they each step up , one at a time , to make they report . brown ( tick as he go ) ... back door , West wing . upper servant 1 checked and lock , sir . brown side door , East wing . assistant dresser checked and lock , sir . brown louder , girl ! assistant dresser ( crease up ) checked and lock , sir . brown Kitchen and lower house . bertie' valet checked and lock , sir . brown back and upper corridor . upper servant 2 checked and lock , sir . brown Front door . ( beat ) checked and lock . fold up the paper , brown downs he glass of whiskey and sit . on he nod , dinner be serve by under servant amid a clatter of cutlery and chat . archie look across at he brother but brown be hunch over he plate , peck at he food . someone titter and archie look up . bertie' valet cough . brown slowly lift he head . his eye have the slightly unfocus look of too much drink . it be clear to archie that he be about to be send -up . bertie' valet ( with a smug smile ) do you see any irish assassin today , Mr Brown ? Brown do not react . bertie' valet ( cont 'd ) we hear the dog be fenian sympathizer . Brown drink . bertie' valet ( cont 'd ) or be it the stag ...? everyone burst out laugh . Brown slam down he glass . brown there 's not a soul here care about that wee woman 's safety except I ! she would die in a ditch if I be not there to look out for she -- he stop . archie have come across to he brother 's chair and pull gently on he arm . brown stare at the servant . everyone be about to burst out laugh . keeping he dignity , he push back he chair and let archie lead he away . as brown reach the double door , the laughter hit he in the back like a wave . archie hold he steady . int . balmoral castle , brown' quarter - night brown be lie on a grubby bed . archie be look around the untidy room . for the first time , he notice a thick manuscript on the table . brown follow he eye . archie what 's this ? brown it 's a diary . archie be careful who see it . brown what do you take I for ? archie turn back to brown . archie you should have someone look after you . brown I be all right . I just need to rest up a wee bit . ( feel everything spin ) the room ... you do not have to stay . brown shut he eye and start to drift . archie watch over he . archie the place be a mess . brown I can not move to tidy . archie it 's what the maid be for . brown I be not have some prattler go through my thing . a beat . archie wo not you give yourself a rest , John ? she 's other people to look out for she . brown she need I , archie . she canna do without I , she say it to my face . ( he hand come up to cover he eye ) how can I stop now ? int . balmoral castle , servant corridor - day Dawn the next morning . brown be scramble into he jacket as he hurry down the stair . ext . balmoral castle - day brown crash out of a side - door -- just fully dress -- to be meet by the smile figure of disraeli . he be get up in smart walk boot , plus-four and a tweed jacket . brown you send for I . disraeli I have be call back to London . my last day . I think I might take a walk on lochnagar . brown stare straight back . ext . lochnager - day a hour later , brown lead disraeli up the hill . brown have he head down , on with the job . disraeli slow to a halt . disraeli prince and lord be but the breath of king , a honest man 's the noblest work of god. ( beat ) you must miss such magnificent view . brown I do not think about it . they reach the top and continue along the high ground . disraeli glance at brown and notice the limp . disraeli forgive I , I have call you out and you should have be rest . brown I be fine . disraeli you be injure . brown it 's nothing . disraeli still , someone must attend you . you wife should not have let you out . brown I be not marry . disraeli ( deadpan ) oh. brown this be the top . disraeli admire the view for a moment , then continue . disraeli I confess , I sometimes feel as if I be not marry myself , I see my wife so little . but I be forget the reward . he look across . brown keep stare ahead . disraeli ( cont 'd ) the look on they face when one walk into the room . still give one a ridiculous thrill . brown I would not know . disraeli surely -- brown ( interrupt ) what I do , I do for my Queen . disraeli be there never ambition ? brown ( beat ) maybe , once . disraeli then I envy yo . brown why ? disraeli to have achieve one 's ambition , or to have reconcile oneself to its limit , be a lifetime 's work . brown I do what I do . disraeli for her majesty . brown aye . disraeli but yourself ? ( beat ) what about John Brown ? brown I say . ( beat ) I serve the Queen . disraeli no other aspiration ? brown stare for a long moment . finally he speak . brown to see she safe . disraeli step a little closer . disraeli you will not be unaware of the threat now pose by republicanism . brown why do you think I keep she here ? disraeli ah , but therein lie the paradox . it be she very isolation that encourage the malcontent . the longer she be away , the stronger they become ; and who , honestly , can promise security against that ? however many door you lock , someone will always get in . even here . brown watch he , eye alert . brown so ...? disraeli the truth be , the Queen would be safer do she duty and return south to she public . John bull love she and John bull be she best defense . brown her mind be set . she will not change now . disraeli she trust you , John . disraeli be right on he shoulder now , like he own voice . brown they do not see it . disraeli see what ? brown the threat . ( beat ) I tell they , but they do not see it . disraeli they be not as watchful as you . brown too busy look after themselves . disraeli the greasy pole . brown no loyalty . disraeli no love . silence . for a moment brown seem unaware that someone else have say that . brown I promise to protect she from people like you . disraeli for once in my life , I be not the issue . brown she will never understand it . disraeli in time , she will . brown she will think I betrayed she . disraeli but other will know that you act for the great good . brown stare off into the distance . ext . loch muick - day the next day . brown be row victoria across the loch . the equerries wait on the shore . victoria trail she hand in the water , frown at the surface . brown concentrate on the oar , slip they carefully through the water . victoria I receive a letter today from Mr disraeli . parliament be call for my return to public duty . ( beat ) why will not they let we be ? brown do not answer . victoria ( cont 'd ) he insist that the country expect I to preside over the open of the new session . I refuse to offer sustenance to enable he weaken grip . besides , you know how much I should hate it . it frighten I . she notice that brown have say nothing . victoria ( cont 'd ) John ? brown do not look at she . finally : brown we can not always have what we wish . victoria stare at he . int . balmoral castle , queen' drawing room - day later that day . victoria and brown be in the middle of a blaze row in front of the entire Household , include ponsonby , jenner and lady ely . victoria duty ?! you talk about duty ?! brown if duty and safety be serve by the same end then , aye , I do . victoria I can not believe you be say this ? you , who I have relied on all this time -- brown ( cut in ) have I ever let you down before --? victoria ( as if he have not speak ) -- you stand there and tell I it be my duty ... after all you promise I ! brown I be break no promise ! victoria you be force I to do the very thing you know I fear most ! brown for god 's sake , woman , I be just try to keep you safe ! victoria I will not hear any more about my safety !! you make I a promise and now you have break it ! brown round on she , deeply wounded . brown -- when I take you out riding , come rain or shine , because I know it be right for you , when I keep the bairn off you back so you could have a bit of peace , when I see you safe from home to home and you do not even know I be there ...! all I have ever think about be you ! victoria then why send I back to they ?! brown because I have to ! ( pause will you no listen to I , woman ? face turn from he , victoria reply in a brittle voice . victoria do not presume to talk to you Queen in that manner . a long silence . brown watch she , but she will not look at he again . finally , she walk very slowly across the room . she turn in the doorway , she voice falter slightly . victoria ( cont 'd ) Doctor jenner , I feel unwell . I shall retire to my chamber . please attend I presently . as the door slam , we ... fade to black . caption : " november " fade in : int . balmoral castle , dine room - day a few week later . Close on a door as it open . the royal family be eat lunch with member of the upper household . victoria walk in with lady ely . a great scraping of chair as everyone drop they fork and stand . clearly , they be not expect she . in silence , victoria step up and take she place at the head of the table . at last , ponsonby lean forward deferentially . ponsonby May I say , how glad I be to see you majesty so much recover . victoria nod , then turn and look about at the other . princess alexandra be seat at the far end of the table . victoria frown . victoria where be my son ? princess alexandra Prince Albert be at Windsor , mar 'am . victoria why be he not here ? princess alexandra he be sick , mar 'am . victoria then why be you not with he ? princess alexandra you order all member of the Royal family to attend you at balmoral . victoria what be the matter with he ? princess alexandra he have typhoid fever , mar 'am . victoria stare blankly at doctor jenner . victoria no . you be mistaken . Prince Albert , my husband , have typhoid fever . I ask what be wrong with my son . jenner the same , you majesty . victoria stop . she stare down the length of the table . a long pause . victoria why be I not inform ? jenner I do not consider it wise , in the circumstance , to tax you nerve . victoria how ill be he ? no answer . victoria ( cont 'd ) ( to alexandra ) Alex ? victoria ( cont 'd ) he be not well , mar 'am . a beat . victoria ( cont 'd ) I must go to he . suddenly , victoria stand . chair bang back as everyone leap to they foot . victoria ( cont 'd ) we must leave at once . abruptly , victoria turn for the door and the room erupt into activity . int . balmoral castle , corridor - day brown stand in the corridor , a little nonpluss by the servant and householder hurry about in every direction . ext . balmoral castle - day half a hour later , brown race up to the Queen 's carriage amid a swarm of servant , lady ' maid and householder rush to be ready in time . suddenly the huge castle door open and victoria bustles out with she entourage in tow . brown -- only just in time - yank open the door for victoria to step past he and take she place . she ignore he completely . brown slam the door . as he look up , he see he brother archie stare at he from across the courtyard . for a second the two brother hold each other 's gaze . it 's obvious that archie have notice the Queen 's indifference . brown turn away and mount the box as the carriage race away under he . int . windsor castle , prince' bedchamber - day some day later . a tableau . queen victoria sit at the foot of the bed , a matriarch surround by she royal family . they watch doctor jenner bend to examine the ghostly figure of bertie . he listen for a pulse . finally , he look up . jenner better . victoria let out a deep breath . she take hold of princess alexandra be hand . victoria should the good Lord see fit to spare my son , I will order a mass to be celebrate at St. George 's . the people must share with they Queen , she prayer and hope for they future King . int . windsor castle , corridor outside bedchamber - day a few minute later , brown stand in the corridor when the door burst open and victoria march straight past he with ponsonby at she side . ponsonby ( aside to brown ) the Queen will be riding to St. George 's on the fifth . brown ( launching straight in ) I recommend her majesty use the cover carriage with a full horse Guard . in the event of any disturbance I will ensure -- victoria ( cut in ) I will ride to St. George 's in a open carriage . it be time the Queen be see by she public . victoria turn and disappear down the corridor , follow by ponsonby . we linger on brown be humiliation , closer and closer until ... ext . windsor castle , ST . GEORGE be - day some week later . a series of angle on brown as he walk amid the mass of onlooker press against a cordon of guard surround the cathedral . all the time , he eye flick leave and right , search the face in front of he for potential assassin . over he intense watchfulness we hear ... dean wellselly ( o.s. ) ... praise and magnify thy glorious name for that thou have raise thy servant Albert Edward , Prince of Wale from the bed of sickness . we pray thee to perfect the recovery of thy servant and to crown he day by day with more abundant blessing both for body and soul , through Jesus Christ we Lord ... the congregation mutter a vast ... congregation ( o.s. ) amen . ext . windsor castle , ST . GEORGE be - day victoria and other member of the royal family walk down the step towards the cheer crowd . as dean wellselly and brown follow , brown see arthur o'conner break from the onlooker , pull out a gun . brown yell out : brown no !! he race toward o'conner and hit he fly , bang he to the ground and twist the gun out of he hand . as they fall we hear laughter and : bertie ( o.s. ) so there he be , Arthur o'conner ... int . windsor castle , dine hall - night it 's a few day later and bertie be entertaining a private dinner party . they include queen victoria , princess alexandra , princess louise and henry ponsonby . brown be in attendance . he stand off to one side , near the door . bertie ( bristle with confidence ) ... all seven stone of the man , paddle madly towards we through a sea of horse Guards , wave something that look vaguely like a pen . I think he must be one of the mother 's ardent readership in search of the Royal indenture ... more chortling . victoria watch she son , smile proudly . brown look straight ahead . bertie ( cont 'd ) I believe I see he first and then alert Brown . I be not convinced that he be not take a snooze on top of the box . anyway , we have we man pin down and I must say , Brown acquitted himself admirably . of course the gun be a fake , but all the same , it be well do . no - one register brown . but while victoria do not look at he , she be acutely aware of he presence . victoria I intend Brown to be reward with a special medal cast in gold . it will be call the devote service Medal . the guest applaud politely . bertie clink he glass for attention and raise it high . bertie a toast . Victoria Regina ! the other raise they glass in unison . everyone Victoria Regina ! victoria smile . brown remain alone by the door . disraeli ( o.s. ) the people of England have express in a manner which cannot be mistaken , that they will uphold the ancient monarchy of England ... int . crystal palace - day disraeli be deliver he come - back speech at a banquet of tory delegate . disraeli ... if the first great object of the tory Party be to maintain the institution of the country , the second be , in my opinion , to maintain the Empire of England ... the hereditary , the traditionary policy of the tory Party . go to you home , teach they this truth , which will soon be imprint on the conscience of the land ... fade to black . caption : " 1883 " fade in : int . windsor castle , brown' quarter - night the sound of rain drive hard against a window . we creep slowly down the corridor until we be back with the fifty year - old brown . with he whiskey for company , he be sit at he desk , write in the diary . the diary - manuscript be now fall apart with wear , but there remain a few blank page . slowly , he fill they in . brown ( v.o. ) we should not live in expectation of contentment . Fifteen year of vigilance will not guarantee peace of mind . yesterday , intruder be again report in the South wing . I believe my prompt arrival may have avert any crisis , but it be a timely reminder . it be a great comfort to I that my effort in secure the Queen 's safety over the year have not be in vain . certainly her majesty send I no word that she 's dissatisfied . and I feel sure that if she be unhappy she would have find the occasion to speak to I in person , as she have so often do in the past . a knock at the door . brown ( cont 'd ) what be it ? we hear a young page , breathless from run . page North wood , sir . brown grab he gun and rush out . ext . windsor castle , quadrangle - night brown appear at the door and stride into the storm . he walk quickly across the wide quadrangle , rain soaking he hair and clothes . two guard watch brown as he race out into the storm . a coin flip through the air to be catch by a outstretch hand . the second guard grin . ext . the ground of windsor castle - night brown race across the open ground towards the forest . ext . the ground of windsor castle , forest - night and now we be back with the open sequence . truncated , severe , and shot from a slightly different angle . the drive rain , brown hurtle through the tree , the crack to he leave , he spin and plunge on . ext . the ground of windsor castle , forest - night Close - up on brown as he bang against a tree , heaving for air . he search the dark , stop , listen and race on . ext . the ground of windsor castle , forest - night brown tear through the tree , pistol raise at full arm 's length . ext . the ground of windsor castle , forest - night he burst into a clear , break to the centre and stop . pistol raise , he turn a circle , eye on the wildly sway tree . a branch snap behind he . he spin round , bellow deep from he heart : brown God save the Queen !! and fire . int . windsor castle , corridor - night a few day later . victoria be move swiftly down a long corridor with lady ely . they arrive at a door . victoria stand face it . victoria ( quietly ) how long have he be this sick ? lady ely a few day , mar 'am . victoria why be I not tell earlier ? lady ely do not answer . victoria know anyway . she nod . lady ely knock . the door be open by a young under servant who gawp at the sight of her majesty stand here in the servant 's quarter . victoria walk in . int . windsor castle , brown' quarter - night the room have be clear of bottle , but the thinness of the life here shock she deeply . the cheap furniture , the anonymous print , the bed and , finally , the sight of brown . he be lie in bed , barely conscious . after a moment , he open he eye and stare at she . she step forward , smile nervously . her voice be the old voice , between friend . victoria you should never have go out in such foul weather . brown someone have to look after you . ( pause ) it could have be someone . it be before . victoria yes . yes it be . he can not speak . it 's difficult for she too , but she speak for he . victoria ( cont 'd ) my minister be as impertinent as ever . dispatch be now so numerous , they come in a trunk . sometimes I do believe they will never stop . Endless letter ... her voice falter . a pause victoria ( cont 'd ) I know I have not always be the loyal friend you deserve , John . and yet here I be now , even now , feel desperate at the think of lose you . she start to cry . brown do not be silly , woman . his old , familiar gruffness make she smile and she pull herself together . see a bowl of water on the side table , she step across . carefully fold a cloth in four , she rinse it in the water and gently wipe he face . lean closer , she be about to touch he face when brown gesture protectively . brown ( cont 'd ) not too near . int . windsor castle , corridor - day a week later . ponsonby and jenner stand at the window overlook the grounds . jenner erysipelas . ponsonby not too protract , I hope . jenner ( shake he head ) a few day ... ( beat ) when he hear , the Prince of Wale throw the bust from the window of the Royal Gallery . it take four hour to gather the fragment . a beat . ponsonby the Queen wish to publish a account of he . jenner dear oh dear . ponsonby we think she can be dissuade . ( beat ) have you have a glance at the diary ? jenner yes . ponsonby quite. ( beat ) I think I would best take it back . jenner of course . he bring out brown be tatty diary - manuscript and hand it over to ponsonby . the two man move away from the window , to go they separate way . Daily business beckon . jenner ( cont 'd ) where do you find it by the way ? ponsonby some young page be boast about have see it . ( beat ) lucky . jenner nod . jenner well , no rest for the wick , Henry . ponsonby no , indeed . the two man head off in opposite direction down the corridor .