mrs . winterbourne screenplay by Lisa -maria radano - and phoef sutton revision by phoef sutton '' base on the novel . " I married a Dead man " by William irish 05/05/95 ( white ) 05/22/95 ( blue ) shoot script : 05/26/95 ( pink ) 05/29/95 ( yellow ) 06/02/95 ( GREEN ) 06/08/95 ( goldenrod ) 06/14/95 ( buff ) 06/28/95 ( salmon ) 07/20/95 ( cherry ) . kristine andersen 08/02/95 ( tan ) ro 10349 caribou Lane 08/05/95 ( white ) Los Angeles , CA 90077 fade in : ext . central park - new york - day 1 Blue like the ocean or the sky . slowly , focus intensify . the blue be a knitted fabric , cover something large and full and round ... a woman 's leave hand , with no wedding band , gently pat this roundness . ext . central park - new york - day vu constance doyle ( 19 ) , in blue sweat and a ratty jacket that barely cover she large , round abdomen , lie on a Park bench . a cop walk up , rap on the back of she bench . ~ cop on you foot . connie' Pov - of her huge front , she foot totally obscure by she belly . connie do I still have foot ? back to scene cop move along . connie what time be it ? cop four o'clock . hoo connie I specifically ask for a three o'clock wake up call . cop let 's go . she hoist herself onto she foot . the cop prod she a little and stroll off . connie hoist a small knapsack onto she shoulder . connie ( 0.s. ) most pregnant woman bring out the best in man ... then there 's I . she walk along , go nowhere in particular . a cool breeze blow through the tree . she try to wrap she jacket around herself but there 's too much of she and not enough jacket . connie ( 0.s. ) I '' constance doyle . I be nineteen year old , pregnant , single and homeless . how 's you day go ? wy rovesny ~ soun - May 2c , 2995 page there 's a empty can of pabst Blue ribbon in she path ~ she give it a kick . kick it again , play a little game with herself . connie ( 0.s. ) hey , do not pity I . I do not need you pity . and I do not need you help . I help myself . ext . central park - the pond . - new york - day 3 * on connie ~- as she walk into frame and stare at the water - * dissolve to a old photo of connie 's mother . : * int . young connie' house - day 4 a scissors cut out the mother 's face , then the photo be place carefully in a small locket on a leather thong . connie ( 0.s. ) ma die when I be twelve . right about the time a mother 's s'ppose to become this . encyclopedia britannica of ' le crap you gotta know ... like how to dress ... int . young connie be ubus ) Z bedroom - day 5 connie at 12 . in front 's of she mirror , wear a ungainly dress and put on too much make - up ... connie ( 0.s. ) how to use a tampon ... int . young connie' house - bathroom - day 6 connie at 13 . the floor be litter with tampon . a confuse connie push another one through the tube and watch it hit the floor . connie ( 0.s. ) how to deal with dad ... int . young connie' house - kitchen - day 7 mos - connie at 14 , argue with she father , a fat man in a T - shirt , hold a beer can in one hand . he yell at she . she yell back . he raise a hand to strike she . she put she hand over she face to protect herself . int . young connie' house - kitchen - day B close on connie her hand in front of she face . she slowly bring she hand down . she 's now 18 . she grab she locket and run out of the room . 10 11 white - May 5 , 1995 page 3 , ext . young connie' shabby house - day 9 the door slam shut . connie stand on the front stoop , hold she knapsack , look lose . connie ( 0.s. ) so there I be , just eighteen and newly free of all family commitment . I have a whole world of possibility in front of I . Hell , I even have bus fare ... int . new york diner ~ day 10 connie sit in a booth , count out change from a bead purse . across the aisle be steve - a smooth guy in sharp clothes , around thirty . he wink at she . she look away . connie ( 0.s. ) now , some people will tell you New York City 's fulla nothing but ay creep , hustler , and sieazeballs . of S . on my first day I get to meet all three roll into one . Steve sit next to she . she look the other way . he reach out to she - with a little sleight - of - hand , he pull a business card out of thin air and hand it to she . connie ( 0.s. } he gimme he card . I think card be official , like a badge or something . I do not know you could run ‘em off at any copy shop . she look up at he , amused . ext . new york STREET - day will connie and Steve be strolling along together . connie be still admire Steve 's card . connie it 's nice , but it do not say what you do . steve good card do not do that . too ~ showy . I be a agent . connie wow . for who ? steve I be not at liberty to say . professional ethic . how old be you ? 12 13 14 15 white - May 5 , 1995 page 4 . connie eighteen . today 's my birthday . steve ( impressed ) you shittin’ I ? you seem so mature . connie smile , flatter . Steve smile back . steve ( cont would ) we oughta celebrate . int . steve's apartment - live area - pat pane 12 close on a twinkie with a light wooden match in it - a breath blow it out . connie ( 0.s. } Steve assure I I be both beautiful and unappreciate by the world at large , which be the last thing a lonel y\ teenage girl want to hear , right ? '' yt ) fall for it . move right in with he . int . steve's apartment - live area - day 13 seedy , with thrift store furniture . connie hand out pabst Blue ribbon to Steve and a bunch of scuzzy friend who be gather around a pile of steal car radio , take i ventory . ch xy connie ( 0.s . ) it be okay , for a while ? o ashe he do not give I flower 's but I sure have my pick of steal car radio . the important thing be , he take care of I . int . steve's apartment - bedroom - night 14 Steve snore on top of connie , he leaden hody stifles she . connie ( 0.s . ) and he do not ask for too much in return . she manage to squeeze out from under he . she take she locket from the night stand and open it . she look at the picture of she mother ' and shrug apologetically . int . steve's apartment - bathroom - day 15 connie hold a pregnancy test up to the light . she can read a little ' + ' sign ... positive . she grin like a little kid . 16 ~~ white - May 5s , 1995 page 5 abs , connie ( 0.s . ) thing be finally start to look up . I have this life inside I and it give I hope . and to give you a idea of how stupid I still be , I could not wait to tell he . int . steve's apartment - live area - day 16 another gather of Steve 's scuzzy friend , sit around the coffee table , full of more steal goods . Steve be stare at she , hop up and angry - she 's a terrify little girl . steve ~ I suppose you be gonna tell I it 's mine ! ? ween ) connie 4 . o'course it be , who else steve do not gimme that shit . he turn to one of he pal , who have not be listen . steve ( cont would ) you screw connie , do not you ? the pal look up , scared . pal no , man , never . Steve grab he by the collar and scream at he . steve I say , ' do you screw connie ? '! pal ( quickly ) sure , I do , yeah , lot ! he toss the pal aside and dismiss connie . steve slut . but she move into he . connie what be you - steve ( coldly ) get rid of it . 19 om 20 21 22 of phen white - May 5 , 1995 page 6 . connie I be not gettin ' rid of it . Steve raise a hand to strike she . int . steve's apartment - bedroom - day 1 ? connie grab she knapsack . then she pick up she little locket off the nightstand . . ext . steve's apartment build - day 18 from above - connie run out of the building , carry she knapsack . connie ( 0.s. ) so end my brief history with man . ext . along a CITY park - new york - day i9 connie walk past a rusted iron fe an it 's autumn . ers connie ( 0.s. ) and if you be wonder why I keep the baby , well , first of all , it 's none of you / business and second , I guess I feel like I be alone my whole life since Mom die and I figure ' here 's somebody who can keep I company , ' which be stupid , I know , but like I tell you , stupid 's what I do best . ext . CITY STREET - new york - day 20 connie walk along the busy sidewalk . connie ( 0.s . ) so , time to get a job . you ever try get you first job at eighteen , pregnant , with no high school diploma ? ' Cause it 's real fun and I recommend it to anyone who 's a little tired of the same ol ' same ol ' . ext . restaurant - day 21 connie stop under a sign with a picture of a cow with a halo . the sign read " for Heaven steak . " connie go in . int . restaurant - day 22 series of shot of connie at work - get bigger in every shot . connie - in she uniform - apron , cowbell and angel wing . 22 a 22b - 2 c 23 24 25 25a revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page connie - steal 's a bite of food when the cook be not look - he turn around and slap she hand . connie - hugely pregnant now , be try to put she uniform on . the apron will not tie . connie ( 0.s. ) the job be from God , but after awhile I could not fit the uniform no more . int . restaurant - day connie carry a heavy tray of food through the restaurant . connie ( 0.s. ) plus , when you be this fat , it 's not exactly advisable to go around wearin ' a cowbell . a idiot customer grin at she as she pass . idiot customer ( loudly ) mooo ! connie you be the roast beef ? idiot customer huh ? connie you be now ! connie ' accidentally - on-purpose ' dump the prime rib she 's carry onto he head . ext . restaurant - day connie be throw out - she rip off she wing and throw they back through the door . ext . central park - the pond - new york - day this be where we leave she , look at the water . connie so after that , I blow all my money on luxury like food and toothpaste , my time at the ' y ' run out ... ann the ay ext . central park - new york - day connie come up the step , leave the park . she cross traffic at 100th Street and 5th Avenue . 23 24 25 * 25 a " revised - blue ~- May 22 , 1995 page 7a , 26 ext . CITY STREET - new york ~- night 26 * connie walk along the busy sidewalk . we hear thunder and big * _gm™ drop of rain start to fall . connie ( 0.s . ) so here I be , gettin ' ready to spend my first night on the street , which mean I be go to turn into one of that raggedy old lady that sleep in cardboard box and yell at they shoe all night , which be , you know , what I always want to be when I grow up . but now I get this kid to think about , so I just can not let that happen . 27 a! 28 on white - May 5 , 1995 ( ease 8 ) ext . steve's apartment build - doorway - night 27 connie be stand in the doorway of the building - it 's pour rain behind she . she press the intercom buzzer . we hear Steve 's voice . steve ( 0.s. ) yeah ? cos connie / vr it 's connie , I be about to have you baby out here in the street . / wanna come watch ? aor ad there be a beat of silence , then a woman 's voice speak . ne — : ss woman ( 0.s. ) old a Steve 's out at the moment . the connection break . connie press the buzzer again . no response . again , hold it . nothing . she pound it with she fist . ext . steve's apartment build - night . 28 from above - connie stand in the street , rain pour down on she , shouting at the top of she lung . connie I need a place to stay ! you owe I that , you asshole ! a window in the building open and a fat man yell out . fat man why do I have to hear this ?! connie ' Cause you live in the same building with a asshole ! Steve throw open he window and call out . ut steve b hey , you walk out of here , remember ? this be not home no more ! connie you owe I ! steve ( a threat ) I be warning you , connie , you do not want I to come down there ! connie othreaten he back ) oh , I want you to come down here ! 29 30 tee ey nee steve ' Cause I be tell you , I will come down there ! connie come on down here ! steve I be not come down there ! connie ( plead ) I be tell you Steve , I get no place , I get no money ! Steve flip she a quarter , steve here . the quarter flip through the air and land connie 's foot . steve ( cont would ) page 9 , in a puddle at listen bitch , you want to have a baby ? Fine . have it in the street . he slam the window shut . connie stand in the rain , look up at the window . connie that 's it , Steve . you be off my Christmas list ! int . steve's apartment - live area - night ( continuous ) 29 he turn away from the window in disgust . stand behind he be .a + white - trash blonde with dirty hair ( renee ) , wear he bathrobe and drag on a cigarette . she 's stand far enough back that she can + see out the window without be see . she smile at Steve . * renee do not ever try to blow I off like that . Steve just smile . ext . steve's apartment build — night ( continuous ) 30 connie look up at the window . the she turn and the rain ... she stop , turn around and go back quarter . ext . grand central station ~ night walk off through to fish out the 31 the rain be heavy now and the wind be whipping it with brutal force . connie , look like a drown cat , struggle toward the terminal for safety . 32 32a 33 34 ay a revised - blue - May 22 , 1935 page 10 . int . grand central station - doorway - night 32 the place be wildly crowded . mostly with college kid , head home for spring break . a homeless man with a filthy paper cup open the door the rest of the way for she . man welcome to the crossroad of America . I be you host . can I show you to you bus or train ? connie get that cup outta my face . connie push past he and almost faint . he catch she - she pull away . connie ( cont would ) get you hand offa I ! do not touch I . nobody touch I ! man ( be : she pregnancy ) somebody touch you . connie struggle past he . int . grand central station - stairway - night 32a * connie come down the step look for a place to rest . * int . grand central station - under the schedule board - night 33 a anxious mob wait for they track number to be announce . when it finally be - there 's a stampede . connie stand near the information kiosk . the homeless man appear and smile at she . man . you hope for a boy or a girl ? connie what , you gonna knit I some booty ? she hurry off through the crowd and chaos . int . grand central station - stairway ~ night 34 * connie be sit on the stairway landing , exhaust . ' the homeless * man sidle up next to she , put the cup on the floor between * they . * connie ( cont would ) * you again ? look , I have never begge before , but would not you be better off buggin ' people who have - oh I do not know - money ? white - May 5 , 1995 page li man just try to be nice . connie nobody 's just ' tryin ' to be nice , 's you prob ‘ly figure , if you have a knock - up girl to beg with , you would clean up , right ? man we could beat the pants off that blind kid with the violin . connie I do not beg . get outta here , you smell like tuna fish . man I know . do not you get a place to go ? connie do not answer . man ( cont would ) here . he reach into he pocket . connie now do not you start givin ' I money . I be not take money from a beggar . get outta here before you make I cry about both we goddam situation ! he bring out a handiwipe . connie look up at he . man I be save it , but go on , you take it . connie ( touch ) uhm . gee . she take it and rub it on she face , she eye tear up . the man think for a moment , he pull out a piece of paper . man this be a shelter that 's not too bad on the West side . I mean , they pray at you , but the food 's okay . he drop the paper in she lap and hurry off . she look up , but he 's go . she speak quietly , almost to herself . connie thanks . 35 35 a 35 B 35 '' 36 37 . 38 revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 12 . int . grand central station - at the schedule board -~ night 35 connie enter the crowd beneath the board , check the piece of * paper the man give she . she turn to a woman with a large family next to she . connie Excuse I , where do I catch the subway uptown ? I gotta get to this address - on the board , a little light flash in front of the Boston train . the mother bawl out to she brood . woman that 's we ! let' move out ! she move she family along with a fury . connie get sweep along - they join the crowd surging toward the gate . int . grand central station - stairway - night 35a * connie and the crowd surge past . * int . grand central station - landing - night 35b * connie and the crowd surge past again . * int . grand central station - tube - night 35 c* connie and the crowd round the corner . they pass a sign indicate * the subway be in the other direction . * int . grand central station - train platform - night 36 connie , catch in the crowd , come down the ramp to the platform . . phe see a shine silver train . she turn to the person next to * , connie wait a second . this be not the subway . she get push on . the conductor ( # 1 ) shriek all aboarrrd ! - push several people back onto the platform . the door close . people bang on the glass as the pack train pull out . ext . new york - night 37 the train come out of a tunnel into a drive rainstorm . int . train - car # 1 ~ moving - night . 38 connie watch rain drop streaking past the window . she be pale , sweaty and daze . she turn to another woman ( # 2 ) behind she . 2d SOL connie where 's this train go ? revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 12a . woman # 2 Boston . connie be silent for a moment , then : connie it 's gotta be better than here . she hear a click sound and look up - the conductor ( # 2 ) be up ahead , take ticket . close on ticket puncher . it seem to make a deafening SOUND . close on connie and she look of panic . _ 39 white ~ May 5 , 1995 page 13 . int . train - car # 2 - moving - night 39 connie slip into the car , eye over she shoulder . people be pack in like sardine . every seat be take . people sit on the floor , play card , listen to Walkman , drink , read the paper connie out of breath and scared , 's lean on a partition . there 's a guy in the seat next to she . she meet he eye , try to guilt he into give she he seat . he look away , uncomfortable , and start read the paper . suddenly - conductor # 2 tiii-ckuuuuts ! she look up to see the conductor stand right in front of she . —~ she start rummage through she bag , vamp for time . pull out she bead purse and open it - empty . connie my husband must have it . ( look back to the other car ) stee -eeve ! the conductor glance that way - she take off the other way , use she last bit of strength to get to the next car . the conductor hurry after she - the people on the floor block he way , accidentally - on-purpose . int . train - club car ~ moving - night 40 a handsome young man in he early thirty ( hugh ) be loung against the bar waitirig for he grink , whistling " sunny side of the Street " and drum on the counter in time to the beat . connie hurry through - see the empty spot next to he and grab onto the bar , grateful for something to lean on . Hugh smile at she as he collect he drink . suddenly , the conductor be next to he , jostling he and splash he drink as he grab connie . conductor # 2 ticket !? she look at he , a deer catch in headlight . but then Hugh be next to she , hold out two ticket . hugh I have we ticket , sir . connie be amaze . the conductor be piss . he take the ticket and purich they . connie told you I have a husband , asshole . hugh ( be : she pregnancy ) of course she 's get a husband , look at she . ( more ) 4l 42 43 white - May ' 5 , 1995 . page l 4. eee hugh ( cont would ) ys " ( then , with mock anger ) or be you imply something about my wife !? hie conductor # 2 no , sir . sorry , sir . he beat a hasty retreat . Hugh smile and connie look at he like she 's never see a man before . connie thanks . ( beat ) look , I have have a rough couple of day . ~ we be not really marry ... be we ? hugh ( with a laugh ) soda ? she laugh - a soda would save she life . ext . train ~- moving - night 41 as it zoom along . int . train - corridor - moving - night 42 Hugh squeeze he way through the crowded corridor . connie be try to keep up , still clutching she purse and the drink . connie eee I be ' tell you , you will never find aseath : ) 7 4s CA ade there 's too much noise for he to hear she . he stop in front of a sleeper compartment door and open it , lead connie in . int . train ~ hugh' compartment - moving - night 43 it 's small , but compare to the rest of the train it feel like St. Peter 's . connie look around , stunne by the free room and the relative quiet . she dxop she knapsack to the floor . connie this be yours ? hugh ' fraid so . you would not believe what they charge for this sardine can . connie ease into a seat - she can not even remember the jast time she sit down . it 's the ultimate luxury . connie it be not enough . if it be all the money in the world , it be not enough . white - May 5 , 1995 page 15 . hugh I have no idea it would be this crowded , but I forget spring break . Boy , that college day seem a million mile away . connie do not they ever ? the door open and another woman enter ( patricia ) - a beautiful , classy woman about connie 's age , but dress to the nine with lovely leg and perfect hair . she 's also eight month pregnant , but she carry 's it lightly , as if it be a helium balloon . as she walk in , she look with mild surprise at the pregnant woman in the™ compartment , then glance at Hugh . patricia Hugh , be there something I should know ? Hugh smile at she warmly and introduce connie . hugh Patricia , this be a pregnant woman I pick up in the club car . she smile and offer she hand to connie . patricia he have a thing for we . connie laugh . Patricia turn to Hugh . patricia ( cont would ) do you get my drink ? connie ( lift she glass ) he give it to the pregnant lady . wt hugh ~ '' ( explain ) ~ I like she better than you . Patricia sit down , sighing . patricia would you get I another one ? hugh why not ? maybe I will get lucky again . he 's out the door . int . train - hugh' compartment - moving - night 44 connie smile at Patricia nervously . Patricia be completely at ease , with the quiet confidence of the privileged . connie feel eo white - May 5 , 1995 page ls . like a pregnant water buffalo under she elegant gaze . she clutches she bead purse in she lap , find the silence between they uncomfortable ~- she know she ought to say something , so she lean forward to introduce herself . connie my name 's connie - but as she lean , the train take a jolt and she spill she soda over Patricia . connie ( cont would ) I be sorry . she pull a old , stain bandanna out of she purse and start mop a startle Patricia . connie ( cont would ) I be such a spazz . I should leave you guy alone . connie head to the door , while Patricia spot she dress with a handkerchief . she speak without look up . patricia how far along be you ? connie huh ? oh , I do not know , twelve , thirteen month ? Patricia laugh and this loosen connie up a little . patricia you know you be my first american conversation ? I have be live in Hong Kong since I be eight . connie oh , well , we all throw soda on each other now . it 's kind of a new thing . Patricia laugh . patricia do not worry about it . it 's this train . we would have fly , but Hugh would not let I take a plane in ‘my condition . ' and we hear such wonderful thing about the q.e . - two . connie I never even see " q.e . - one . " patricia you be funny . so , be you husband with you ? 45 46 white - May 5 , 1995 page 17 . connie ofeel catch ) no , he 's , uh , Steve be a little ... dead . patricia my God . I be sorry . connie he deserve it . ( quickly ) I mean , it be a long illness and in the end it - it seem like a mercy . ext . train track - night —™ 45 the train zoom along . int . train - hugh' compartment - moving - night 46 Patricia have a huge Louis vitton steamer trunk open and be select a new blouse from a variety of expensive and beautiful clothes . there be also suitcase and several make - up case around . connie be stunne by this rich , look through the clothes with undisguise envy . patricia I hope you do not mind my ask , but you husband , Steve , do you get along with he parent ? connie versus 's I only meet he dad once . | it be a Super bowl party and he come on to I . ( check out a sweater ) you know , Patricia , if you be look to get rid of any of this stuff ... Patricia look up from do she make - up , just notice . patricia oh , you be soak , be not you ? put it on . connie pull off she sweatshirt to change . Patricia go back to she face . patricia ( cont would ) anyway , I be go to meet Hugh 's family and I be so nervous . he would hate for I to tell you this , but he 's a winterbourne . she pause significantly , obviously expect a reaction . connie 's face pop out of the sweater , look blank . rovio euuS ~ May 2a , 2295 page connie okay . patricia come on , the Winterbournes . Boston ? richer than God ? connie oh . patricia you have hear of they ? connie well , I have hear of God . patricia ( laugh ) you be teasing I . ( she prattles on ) anyway , I have no idea . my dad work for credit suisse in Hong Kong , so I grow up as one of that transplant american banking brat . connie oh , that . patricia ( roll she eye ) guilty as charge . so anyway , about a year ago , my dad die and I do not know what I be go to do . I do not have anybody . I do not even remember my mom . connie ( look up , touch ) I be sorry . patricia then I run into Hugh , and I think he be just another preppy american slumming around the Far East , do the miss saigon bit ? but , guess what ? I fall in love , so we bum we way to Europe , really live on nothing , which I think be the best way , do not you ? connie hey , I swear by it . patricia so I get pregnant , then we get marry , and he finally tell I he 's one of that Winterbournes , and they be - 47 48 G '' lo am ae coc mnrcra tpstras gr as ag 50 white - may-5 , 1995 page 19 . . connie richer than God . patricia yeah , so happy end , right ? she finish she story , smile in a happy way that make connie ' want to bop she one . connie ( under she breath ) why can not I have you life ? ext . train track - night — 47 a shot of we train , lurching ahead . int . train - hugh' compartment - moving - night 48 Patricia and connie be sit opposite each other , leg outstretch , bare foot to bare foot , compare they . sas - see , my foot be bigger than yours . connie yeah , but how do they start ? we be not talkin’ size , we be talkin’ growth rate . patricia and look at my finger . ( they be like hot dog I have get to get this ring off . she start tug at she wedding ring and finally it fly off onto the floor by connie 's foot . int . train - corridor - moving - night 49 Hugh hurry to the door and open it . he 's greet by the sight of two pregnant woman crawl around the compartment floor on hand and knee . hugh : '' ac ( as if write a letter ) vana , het aas ee ' dear penthouse ...' '' ys we a any ao ' int . train - hugh' compartment ~ moving - night 50 they look up , embarrassed . hugh there 's a table in the club car , let 's move ! revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 20 . patricia be right there ! an Hugh be go - she turn to connie . patricia ( cont would ) he will kill I if I lose it . connie '' I get it . '' ( have : ring ) God , it 's beautiful . close on the ring ~o a elegant wedding band with intricate floral etching - the name '' hugh " and " patricia " be inscribe on the inside . patricia '' go ahead . try it on . ott '' 53 connre oo be not that bad luck ? patricia oh , I could not have bad luck . connie put it on and admire it longingly . '' '' patricia ( cont would ) we better go . Patricia grab connie 's purse to toss it to she . patricia ( cont would ) here you go ... 5i int . train - hugh' compartment - moving - night - ( the crash ) there 's a jolt . the door fly open and Patricia disappear into the hallway , still hold the purse . the whole room seem to be tipping onto connie .. then , she hear the sound , the loud screech of ripping metal . the whole compartment seem to upend , to shift on a crazy axis , so that what have be the wall before she become the ceiling over she . the floor rise up before she . the door be go - hopelessly out of reach ... the emergency light flash off and on , flicker on connie 's fearful eye . as she be propel backwards , she eye flutter close and we fade out ... $ 4 aaa white - May 5 , 1995 page 22 . connie ( cont would ) there you be ! the nurse hand she the baby . connie stare at the baby in awe . she rub she lip against the baby 's head . connie ( cont would ) oh , ged . it 's so sweet - just like a little cookie . the nurse try to help she . . vasa nurse want , wer om let I . v os connie hey , leave I alone ! I know what I be doin ' , awright !? the nurse leave in a huff . connie cuddle the baby and speak to it in baby talk . connie ( cont would ) mommy do not really know what she 's ' do , she be lie to nursie . she cradle the babe in she arm like a pro , and begin peel off the blanket , check it out . connie ( cont no ) two leg , two arm , hand , toe , one , two , three ... eleven ? no , no , ten - ten toe . finger . ( check in he diaper ) oh , you be my little boy . you be careful with that , will you , Cookie ? that thing can do a lot of damage . she laugh . she look around the room for the first time . a lovely private room - pastel wallpaper , a window . bouquet of colorful flower fill the room . she 's pleasantly surprised - turn to the baby to express she approval . connie ( cont would ) Nice dig . then she notice the tag on the baby 's leg . . . connie ( cont would ) shit . close on the baby name tag - insert 54 it read '' baby Boy winterbourne . * 52 53 revised - pink - May 26 , 1995 page 21 . int . hospital - connie' room - day 52 the camera pull back from a window view of spring greenery , past a curtain , flower in a vase , a iv stand and a cardiac monitor , * revealing connie , under a white sheet , pale and sleep , but alive . her eye flutter open , drowsily . suddenly , they open wide and she try to sit up . she get tangle in the tube stick into she hand and the three lead tape to she chest from the cardiac monitor . nurse allmeyer enter the room . she try to restrain connie and tuck she in . car * connie * my baby ! my baby ! . — * nurse careful , honey . connie my baby ! where 's my baby ? * nurse you baby 's fine . connie stop struggle and look up at the nurse . connie what ? nurse you baby 's fine . connie I want to see he - she - it - whatever . nurse try to tuck she back in . nurse well , we will see what we can do . connie reach up and grab the nurse by the collar . connie what you can do be , you can bring I my baby , that 's what you can do . int . hospital - connie' room - day 53 moment later - the baby , in its little bassinet , be be wheeled in . connie leok at it , amaze . connie Jesus . she haul herself up in bed and reach for the kid , tube in the back of she hand and all . 55 56 57 — ~ revised - pink - May 26 , 1995 , page 23 . int . hospital - connie' room - day 55 back to scene - connie press the buzzer to call the nurse . connie ( cont 'd} you bring I the wrong goddam baby ! ( to the kid ) too bad . you be a nice one . she reach up for the buzzer again - and freeze as she see what 's on she wrist . her name tag . close on connie' name tag - insert 56 it read , " winterbourne , Patricia . " int . hospital - connie' room - day 57 back to scene - connie lower she arm and study the tag . reaches to touch it with she leave hand - then freeze again . the wedding ring be still on she finger . dr . hopley Mrs. winterbourne ? connie look up , panicked , to see dr . hopley stand next to she bed , with nurse allmeyer by he side . what do he call she ? connie what ? connie look frighten and disorient . * dr . hopley just check to see how you be feel . connie look , no ... you guy get this all screw up . Dr. hopley take the baby from she , then take she pulse , smile , * patronize . dr . hopley would not be the first time . do you . remember the accident ? . * . connie . do I remember ? I be in a train . wreck ! who 's gonna forget a train * wreck ? how long have I be here ? . DR. hopley . you have be in and out of : * consciousness for about eight day . - * revised - pink - May 26 , 1995 page 23a . connte Holy crap . where 's here ? dr . hopley you be at St. declan Hospital in stamford , Connecticut , Mrs. winterbourne - connie pull at he . connie no ... there be another lady on the train . another pregnant lady ... 58 '' a revised - pink ~- May 26 , 1995 page 24 . Dr. hopley look uncomfortable . dr . hopley do you know she ? connie do ? oh , jesusgod , she 's not dead , be she ? the doctor cast a concerned look to the nurse , who nod and exit . dr . hopley Mrs. winterbourne - connie stop call I that ! the nurse come back in , brandish a hypodermic needle . connie ( cont would ) what 's this ? Whatthehellisthis ? connie flail away . Dr. hopley try to restrain connie as nurse allmeyer plunge the needle into the tube . nurse something to help you relax . connie I do not need to relax , I need to goddam - Dr. hopley start to wheel the baby away . connie ( cont would ) where be you go with he ? listen to I ... but the drug hit she suddenly . . connie ( cont would ) oooo . that feel nice . she fall back on the bed . connie ( cont would ) ( drugge ) would you like onion ring with that ? she pass out . int . hospital - connie' room - day 58 nurse allmeyer enter the room carry a floral arrangement and a teddy bear . she open the window curtain , let in the light of the new day , which fall on connie 's sleep face . the nurse leave . connie 's eye flicker open . groggy , she roll over in bed . 60 on revised - pink - May 26 , 1995 page 25 . she look at she wrist tag - shit , it be not a dream . she sit upa little more . we see the bed be surround by a massive display of flower . connie look at a card poke out of one of the bouquet and read it . close on the flower card - insert " to we darling Patricia . " int . hospital - corridor - day through a display window , close on a group of newborn in bassinet . close on connie' face ~ a look of serene amazement . — nurse alimeyer approach she . nurse do Dr. hopley say we could go for walk ? connie smile , try to be the model patient . she try to ease into the subject . the nurse start lead connie and she iv stand slowly down the corridor with a I nm-not-listening smile . connie you know , there 's something kind of important I have to tell you . nurse now , honey , be we go to have a bad.day ? I think we be go to have such a good day . connie ( quickly ) oh , it will be good , it will be good . ' Cause I know I sound kinda hysterical before , so you do not really want to listen to I , so I be gonna be real calm when I tell you that there have be one major screw - up here . nurse be that so ? connie . yes , it 's so !... ( control herself ) look , I gotta talk to Hugh ... the nurse look away , uncomfortable . connie ( cont would ) oh , not he too !? God ! 59 60 a 61 revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 26 . they have reach the nurse 's station . nurse allmeyer reach for a needle . * connie ( cont would ) no , I be fine , I be not hysterical , I be not hysterical . but she sure sound it - the nurse get the needle ready connie ( cont would ) " we '' ( deliberately ) wt $ ke I o- be - calm . the nurse lead she back to she room . '' int . hospital - connie' room - day - continuous cy oe D qe 61 * - t . ' saf connie try to sound casual . _y . * ' 5 cout tell mé , who 's pay for all this ? the room , the hospital ? ~ seo ae . you family gs . connie : ( snap ) ce '' I do not have a family ! '' le * nurse U ook you husband 's family . ' '' os oe aa connie 'o I do not have a husband ! nurse I be so sorry . the nurse move to she with that needle . connie try to block she . connie do not worry , I be fine , see ? nurse set down the needle . she start help connie into bed . connie try again , more cautiously . connie ( cont would ) + if , let 's say , I be not Patricia winterbourne , I mean , if I be not one of the ' richer - than - God ' Winterbournes , would I be allow to stay here ? nurse allmeyer give a friendly laugh . revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 27 . nurse this be a private hospital . we would throw you right out into the street . ( tucking she in ) '' ~~ actually , the county ward be very - connie I know . my mom die in one . the nurse swallow , uncomfortable . she sit on the chair by the bed , ready to listen . nurse so what be it you want to tell I ? . _ > connie be lose in think . connie when can we check out of here ? nurse well ... maybe as early as tomorrow . connie maybe I will tell you tomorrow . dissolve to : 62 ext . steve's apartment build - night ( establishing ) 62 3 int . steve's apartment - front door - night 63 Steve be talk with a policeman . the cop be display a business card - the one we see Steve give to comnie . under he arm , the cop hold connie 's bead purse . policeman we find this card with you address . Steve take the card , think for a moment , then shake he head . steve connie doyle , huh ? ... sorry , never hear of she . policeman any idea how she get you card ? steve shit , I give that to every chick I meet . you oughta try it . policeman I ‘il remember that . on he go . Steve shut the door and stroll back to the tv , flopping down on the sofa next to Renee , now in one of he shirt . they suck pabst Blue ribbon and watch bobcat goldthwaite . after a beat . '' revised - pink ~- May 26 , 1995 page 28 . steve connie 's dead . renee who 's connie ? steve that night in the rain . the bitch hollerin ' at the window . they watch tv for a beat . renee Dead ? se steve uh-huh ... she be gonna have my baby . another pause . steve ( cont would ) make you think , do not it ? ( eye on the tv ) man , that bobcat goldthwaite 's funny ! they sit watch the show . dissolve to : int . hospital - connie' room - morning 64 nurse allmeyer roll the baby in . connie be asleep on the bed , cover pull up around she neck . nurse look who 's visit mommy ! connie ( open she eye , groggy ) oh , thank you , nurse . nurse smile and leave . immediately , connie throw off the cover . we see that she be fully dress in a outfit of Patricia 's . she roll out of bed and hurry to the closet , throw it open . she grab a suitcase ( already pack ) and pull it out . she talk to the baby in the bassinet . connie ( cont would ) okay , Cookie , we be outta here the phone ring . she freeze - who would call she ? better let it ring . 7 she start to pick up the baby - then she hear nurse allmeyer 's footstep in the hallway , approach . eee on revised - pink - May 26 , 1995 nurse ( 0.s . ) page 28a . be everything okay , Mrs. winterbourne ? connie dive into the bed and just have time to to she neck before the nurse poke she head in . nurse ( cont would ) pull the cover up be not you go to answer you phone ? connie be that what that be ? I think I have a ringing in my ear . what a relief . she laugh and pick up the phone . connie ( cont would ) hello ? nurse allmeyer leave . ee the ee — 65 revised - pink - May 26 , 1995 page 29 . grace ( v.0 . ) hello , this be Mrs. winterbourne . connie sit on the bed , terrify . be it Patricia 's ghost call ? connie what ? grace ( v.0 . ) I be Hugh 's mother . be this Patricia ? connie oh , God . I feel so awful about this - intercut with : int . winterbourne mansion - grace's bedroom - morning 65 close on grace in bed , look draw and tired . but the grief on * she face can not hide she beauty , or the fire in she eye . she wear '' a elegant nightgown . a oxygen tank and medical supplies be * beside the bed . grace we all do . connie no ... Jesus , this be difficult . you - grace I want to come see you but the damn doctor say I can not travel . I be surprised they do not chain I to the bed . * . connie Mrs . - Grace cut she off - once she get go , it 's hard to stop she . grace you do not have to talk now . I just want to say , I know you do not have any family in America and I want you to consider the winterbourne house you home . tee eee 65 a wee vune 2 , axxd page 30 . connie oh , man , that 's nice , but - grace but what ? I be you mother - in - law , do not argue with I . besides , that 's my grandson you have get there . connie look down at the baby , feel like a absolute shit . connie well ... grace now , I have already send a car for you . connie ( panic ) you can not do that ... grace okay , you be proud . TI respect that , but where else do you have to go ? connie look down at the baby . that be the $ 64 question . grace ( cont would ) we will be expect you . Grace hang up before connie can object . int . mansion ~ grace's bedroom — day 654 energy . she hurry to the wardrobe and fling open the door , go through she clothes , try to pick the right thing to wear . / sophie ma'am , you be suppose to rest ! grace my grandson 's come , I have to get ready . sophie but Mrs . -- , grace oh , go somewhere and clean something . Grace pull out a pair of shoe . Sophie open the door and call out . sophie Dr. tabackin ! wane 2 , avy page 30a , grace ( pick out some hose ) traitor . of ~ dr . tabackin , in a brook Brothers suit , hurry in . dr . tabackin Mrs. winterbourne ! grace will you leave I alone ? Care of myself . just shove this t it can take if I need oxygen , I hing on my face , 66 revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 31 , dr . tabackin Mrs. winterbourne , fight it will not help . this be a hereditary heart disorder . you know what happen to * you mother ... * grace sure . she listen to all this medical * mumbo-jumbo and it kill she . * dr . tabackin now , Mrs. -- * grace — _ * do not look at I like I be a invalid ! * you make I sick by make I feel sick . * ( then , defiant ) * Dr. tabackin , I have just lose my son . * of course , I feel terrible . but he * wife and my grandson be come and * I be go to welcome they and I be * go to give they some comfort . * now be you go to try to stop I ? * DR. tabackin * ( give up ) * dust take it easy . * grace * I be dress , would you get out of * my room ? * Dr. tabackin sigh and walk out , Sophie in tow . once he 's go , * the wind go out of Grace 's sail and she lean back against the * wardrobe , exhaust and spend . * int . hospital - corridor - day 66 connie hurry down the hall , baby bundle in she amm , struggle to carry one of Patricia 's fancy suitcase and a baby bag . Patricia be a taller woman , so she clothes be just a little baggy on connie - she 's roll up the sleeve and make do . she make it around corner just as a heavy hand fall on her arm . she turn to see a middle - age Hispanic gentleman in a dark suit ( paco ) . paco Mrs. winterbourne ? connie no. revised - blue ~- May 22 , 1995 page 31a . paco . ( look at tag on she wrist ) that 's what it say . connie do not believe everything you read . paco take charge of she , like a totalitarian mother hen - sweeping she into a wheelchair and bundle she and the baby in a blanket . ata T May £ 9 , 199d page 32 . paco ( irritate ) what you doin 's walkin ' outta here ? you suppose to ride outta here , aon do not you know nothin ' ? walkin ' ! come on , we be goin ' home . he soften when he tuck the baby into she arm . paco ( cont would ) oh , man , he look just like he father . connie jeeze , I hope not . ( quickly ) ~ I mean , you think so ? 67 ext . hospital ground - day 67 paco lead connie down a flagstone path to a 1965 , mint-condition roll royce .. connie have never see anything like it . connie what 's this ? paco it 's a roll royce . connie o~ wow ! that 's like the cadillac of automobile , be not it ? paco : no. the mercede benz be the cadillac of automobile . this be a roll royce . 68 int . roll royce - ext . hospital ground - day 68 connie stand next to the car . paco be buckle the baby into a * expensive car seat . connie careful , he 's get a head , you know . ( beat ) I have to explain something paco Mrs. winterbourne , you do not explain to I . I be just paco . you get to explain , you explain to Mrs. winterbourne , okay Mrs. winterbourne ? he shut the door . 69 71 72 73 pm revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 33 . ext . hospital ground - day 69 the roll pull away . ext . expressway - day 70 the roll on the Expressway , drive past . we pass a sign read , ' boston 70 mile . ' ext . expressway tunnel - day 71 emerging from the tunnel , Boston be reveal . ext . country road - day — 72 the roll be the only car around . int . roll royce - ext . country road - moving - day 73 connie eye paco watch she in the mirror . in this car , he 's a long way of£ . connie what be you starin ' at ? paco you. connie oh . so , do I look ... the way you expect I - to ? paco . not really . Hugh be always stick on the blond . you know , tall , elegant , sophisticated ... connie well , he get tired of that . ( think for a moment ) so , he never send any picture of I , huh ? paco you know Hugh , he do not like camera . you gotta save the film , develop it , remember to pick it up , too much responsibility . : ( laugh - then sadly ) tha 's Hugh . poor boy . connie yeah . she look at the baby , lose in think . 74 76 77 78 719 revised - blue - May 22 , ext . aerial causeway the roll cross th ext . winterbourne mansion gate - marblehead - day - day e causeway . 1995 the roll drive through as the gate swing open . on the ornate , wringht - iron gate . ext . winterbourne mansion - day page 34 . we see a big " ww " a huge marblehead estate - a vast house at the end of a long drive . the limo pull up th e long drive . a cadillac sts be park off to ~ the side . a gardener be work on the hedge . a man wash the window . they all stop to see if they can get a glimpse of the new Mrs. winterbourne . int . roll royce - ext . mansion - front of the house - day connie just stare out at this massive structure from within the she move back into the shadow a little recess of the limo further , she eye wi de with awe . connie ( like a whisper in church ) Holy shit ... paco open she door . " Drop I sit ad ( each ee she look up at he , connie ( cont would ) off in town . paco you crazy ? come on connie , be a pal . scared . unwillingly , she let paco pull she and the baby out of the car . ext . mansion ~ front door - day connie stand , hold the baby and she breath , as paco open the front door and we fo llow they into : int . mansion - foyer - day marble floor , huge central staircase , chandelier . oldest and most grand . Old money at its connie stumble a little as she step in . Grace come down the stair , look regal in a lovely dress . she move to connie and the baby with a bittersweet smile . hello , grace Patricia . 74 75 76 77 78 79 o~ revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 35 . connie hi ... look , something terrible have happen . grace I know . connie no , no , no , look ... I know you have a terrible thing happen , but you terrible thing and my terrible thing be two different terrible thing . grace I understand . you lose a husband . I lose a son , connie 's at a loss . she do not know what else to do . she hold the baby out . connie would you like to hold ... grace my grandson . connie hand the baby to Grace , who begin to tear up . Grace move into the hallway with the baby and sit down . she hold the baby tenderly , try to ignore the tear . grace oh . . it 's be a long time since I have do this . connie ( follow she ) you be doin ' fine . Grace look at the baby 's face . grace what have you name he ? connie ' Cookie . ' grace pardon ? connie I be just sort of try that out . I have not really decide . grace have you think about ' Hugh ' ? he look so much like he . 80 revised ~- yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 358 . connie okay , sure ... fine . Hugh it be . Grace can not hold back the tear any longer . she 's really cry now . paco be move by this , too . grace I miss he so much . connie reach out to touch Grace . she hear someone come down the stair and glance up . int . mansion - foyer / staircase - day connie' Pov - on the man come down the stair . it's hugh . connie panic . be it a ghost ? be Hugh really still alive ? her first instinct be to flee . connie grab the baby from Grace . 80 revised ~ yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 36 . connie that 's enough ! it be good to see ya ! grace what 's the matter ? connie ( babbling ) I get - I get - there 's this - thing I gotta do . '' Hugh " be stand next to Grace now . Grace notice the look on connie 's face . grace Patricia , do not Hugh tell you he have a twin ? connie ( try to recover ) yes , but ... I do not know he be identical . grace oh , that must have be such a shock . connie no , I be still confuse from that train wreck . Grace shoot a annoyed look at Bill . grace anyone with half a brain would be sensitive to that . bill thank you , mother . he step forward and offer he hand . his manner at the best of time be reserve and abrupt , with a acerbic wit that keep the world at a distance . and this be not the best of time . bill ( cont would ) I be Bill . she 's get she hand full with the baby - she awkwardly extend a finger . and he shake it , observe all proper decorum . bill ( cont would ) I only wish we could have meet under more pleasant circumstance . 81 revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 37 . connie nlook around ) no , this be okay . bill I mean , before the accident . connie oh , yeah . um ... ( it work before ) you want to hold you ... ( she wait but Bill do nothing ) I guess , nephew ? the idea obviously make he uncomfortable . bill well , I would really ... Bill stand , slightly panicked , hold the child in he stiff arm . * Grace try to smooth over Bill 's awkwardness . grace be not he a lovely child , Bill ? he know he must say the right thing . bill oh , yes . lucky for he he do not look anything like we . connie swallow , . uncomfortably . grace * oh , Bill . * Grace lean in and take the baby from Bill and head up the stair . * grace ( cont would ) : * come on , Patricia , this way . * int . mansion - connie' bedroom - day 81 Hugh 's old bedroom , re~done for the happy couple . colorful , light . a alcove to one side have be do up as a elaborate nursery , with every creature comfort a drool infant could hope for . the baby be sleep in a antique crib . connie be sit next to he , beat she head with she fist . . . connie what be I think !? I '11 never get away with this ! Grace enter , carry a couple of photo album , again decorate with the winterbourne crest . revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 38 . connie immediately wheel to she foot , one hand on the crib , look as poise as she can and speak in she idea of ' rich people talk . ' connie ( cont would ) hello , mother winterbourne . Grace smile at connie 's attempt . grace that 's what I call my mother - in - law when I first meet she . it feel appropriate . she seem so cold and distant . connie what do you end up call she ? grace mother winterbourne ... she be cold * and distant . * she sit on the bed and start flipping through the album . grace ( cont would ) . * I have this put together when Hugh tell I you be come . Old ' picture of the boy to torment you * with during you visit . Hugh be particularly embarrassed by this one of he naked except for the cowboy * hat and the holster . but , you be oniy in college once , I suppose . she close the book , with a sigh . grace ( cont no ) } you know , I just have not get the strength to cry anymore . pull herself together , Grace look at connie and force a smile . grace ( cont would ) * call I Grace . she bend over the crib , breathe in near the baby 's head . grace ( cont would ) Babies have such a wonderful smell . 7 if I close my eye , I can imagine it 's Hugh . she look over at connie , while gently touch the baby 's head . grace ( cont would ) thanks for keep this one safe . 81 a 82 revised - salmon - June 28 , 1995 page 39 . Grace quietly walk out of the room . connie look down at the baby . connie ( to baby ) can mommy go to prison for this , Cookie ? can you say , ' five to ten’ ? ext . mansion - night - establishing sla * int . mansion - connie' bedroom ~ night 82 a little later . picture be strewn over the bed - the boy as * child together , and with paco ... we move over this to connie , stand in front of the mirror , practice she ' rich person ' voice . connie ( very proper ) hello . ( not quite - she try again ) hello ... hello !... hello ... there 's a knock on the door . she turn , irritate . connie ( cont would ) ( she old self ) what !? paco open the door and enter . paco dinner will be serve promptly at eight . she compose herself - speak very properly . connie thank you ... hey , paco ? he stop . connie ( cont would ) Grace . be she okay ? paco well , three year ago , she have a ++. how do you say it ? he gesture to he heart . connie volunteer . . connie heart attack ? paco myocardial infarction . we think maybe we lose she . but she a strong woman . she bounce right back . then this terrible thing happen ... everybody afraid she ( more ) 83 ( oe krevisou - oun - May < 4 , 4992 page 40 . paco ( cont would ) might get sick again . but she say , ' no , ' she want to stay alive , see that baby . connie swallow , take this in . connie oh ... paco look down at the photo on the bed . connie watch he , see the look of grief pass over he face . paco people could not tell they apart , but I always know . even when they be baby he pull himself together . paco ( cont would ) we dress for dinner . connie give he a big thumb -up . connie I too ! her baggy sleeve flop down she wrist . she tug at it self - consciously . paco exit . connie go over to the bassinet and pick up the baby . connie ( cont would ) all right , Cookie , here 's we choice the way I see ‘em . we can stay here and have four- five square meal a day , people to take care of we ... or we can live in a box . do not look at I like that . I try to tell she . you tell she . she like you . one thing , though . the truth ' 11 probably kill she . int . mansion ~ study - night 83 Bill be mixing martinis in a shaker and be scold by he mother . he pointedly os she a glass , of mineral water . : * posen ete ihg hant — he '' she see I . ak ae she fevex_scream . and who can blame she ? you come at she , look like that . bill this be my face . do you want I to get plastic surgery or a disfigure scar so she can feel more at ease ? ~~. ) ayg5 page 4 ] . gl that 's not goog enough , make a effort . she 's a member of the ill family ? we do not even know who this '' woman i ce grace ( not like he attitude ) what do you mean ? bill well , she 's hardly in he tae grace class ? bill frankly , yes , ' there 's a bit of white trash round the edge , dont — you -think > Grace look at he , eye narrowed , grace how do be ever raise such a snob > bill it 's a mystery , mother , let 's ask the servant . + Bill take he drink and head out int . the halj Grace dump the ° : water from she Glass into the ice bucket , fill she glass with h '' grace ( Zalling after he ) William , Z deman that you at least give she @ chance , * teed 84 revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 424 . int . mansion - upper hallway / staircase - night connie and the baby round the corner and then start walk down the stair . she stop and look down the length of the banister . she smile , then descend the stair with the measure , even tread of a man walk the last mile . at the bottom , she turn leave . 84 85 86 revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 43. int . mansion - downstair hallway - night connie walk down the hallway . connie ( to baby ) we might get lose . why do not you leave a trail of drool behind we ? good boy . connie stop , see a open door , look in , then enter . int . mansion - billiard room - night as connie enter , she find a huge snooker table . connie cool . she set the baby carrier down and pick up a pool cue . connie ( to the baby ) keep watchin' . mamma 's gonna show you a thing or two . the ball be already rack - she break expertly . 7 85 86 connie SE Ban US , anac sc i she make the shot and sink the ball , perfectly . the baby gurgle . connie ( cont would ) hang on , you will get you chance . paco enter , she look up at he . connie ( cont would ) I figure it out . tt -was Colonel mustard , in here , with the lead pipe . 4 ‘xx paco do not laugh . , connie ( cont would ) want to play some pool ? . paco snooker . connie ( offended ) what do you call I ? eee o~ connie pick aovgoru - inbwuw - May 29 , lyy paco ( take the pool cue ) it 's a snooker table . that 's a gentleman 's game . connie ( subdued ) oh. paco the dining room be this way . up the baby . connie you know what you need ? some of that ' you be here ' map , paco hurry up , they be all wait for you . page 43a . revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 44 , 86a int . mansion - hallway - night 86a ~~ 87 paco lead the way , connie follow , carry the baby . connie hold on a second . what do you mean , ' all ' ? who 's all wait for I ? paco jus ' family . Mrs. winterbourne , Bill and the Father . connie ( try too hard ) great , . I have be die to meet Hugh 's father . he never stop talk about he . paco look puzzle . they cross into the live room , head toward the dining room . paco . Father Brian be the monsignor . Hugh 's father die three year ago . connie look at he , she face blank . * connie * oh , right ! * paco shake he head , sadly . * paco ' that 's when she get so sick . * first the husband , then the son . * too much . * int . mansion - dine room - night 87 Grace and Bill and father brian , a red-face , obtuse and jolly priest in he sixty , be seat at the table , wait . they look up , spot connie , the baby and paco as they enter . Bill and the Father rise , look straight at she . she clutches the baby a little tighter and suppress the desire to run from the room ... Grace gesture for she to be seat . connie sorry to keep you wait . I get lose . father brian if the truth be know , I have be come here for year and I still get lose . revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 444 , grace Patricia , this be Father Brian kirrane . of she extend she hand . o™ father brian please to meet you . revioow ~ rbuwww - May <y , 4979 page 45 , a servant place a bowl of soup on connie 's plate . then Grace , then . Bill , then Father Brian be serve . * connie on it 's a pleasure . Hugh speak of you so often , and with such affection . father brian that 's so touch . especially since I have not see he since he first Communion . connie well , it make a big impression . father brian he be a fine young man . he will be miss . connie thank you . ( to Grace ) and thank you for so generously welcoming I into you home . the may , Sophie , approach connie and start to take the baby . connie grab on tight and bark in she real voice . connie ( cont would ) o~ hey , what 's with the hand !? sophie ( confuse ) dinner be serve , may I take the baby ? connie he stay right here . he will bawl he head off if he do not have my tit right on hand . there be a silence ~ she notice the look on the face surround she . go back to she culture voice . connie sorry Father , ' breast . ' grace no , ' tit ' be fine . right , Father ? . father brian ( try to be game ) oh , yes , ' tit ' ... ' tit ' be fine , 87a int . mansion - kitchen - night 87a close on three pill be place in a small silver dish , which be in turn place on a silver tray along with a glass of water . pull revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 45a . back to reveal the cook and the servant and paco in the kitchen . we follow paco as he carry the tra : y from the kitchen through the pantry , through the breakfast room and into the dining room . 88 revised - 16unlow - May '' 9 , 1995 page 4o . int . mansion - dine room - night 88 the dinner continue . the baby be now sleep in its carrier right * by she side . they be finish they soup . connie tilt she soup * bowl the wrong way to spoon out the remain liquid . she look at * Grace , realize she 's do it the wrong way and correct herself . * paco move unobtrusively to Grace 's side with the silver tray . * paco you pill , missus . grace ( irritate ) I take they . _ paco . when ? grace before . paco take you pill . Grace grab the pill , resentfully . grace _ who work for who here ? she reach for she martini . paco take it away and hand she the * * water glass from the tray . then she lunge for she wine glass - paco grab it . they struggle for a moment . paco win . paco ( to the other ) you gotta watch this one every minute . connie smile . she reach across the table for a dish - she loose sleeve droops into the food . she snatch it out . connie sorry . clothes be a little big . after the baby come I guess I lose a little ... bill height ? Grace clear she throat angrily in bili 's direction . bill ( cont would ) so , mother tell I I be rude and unfriendly when we meet . connie you be not rude . reviseoy - ini - May 29 , 1995 page 47 . bill just unfriendly , then ? good , that give we something to build on . '' es grace : forgive Bill , he never learn rudimentary conversational skill . bill so , tell we . where in Hong Kong do you meet my brother ? she come out with the first thing that pop into she head . connie ~ ~ at the mall . bill the mall ? connie sure . Hong Kong 's a very happen place . they get 7~11ls , popeye 's fry Chicken . great chinese food . you oughta go . she sense that she voice be slip and that she 's talk too much . Sophie be at she side , hold a serve dish of vegetable . * ohm connie ( cont would ) . thank you . connie grab the serve dish and help herself . then she lean across the ornate table to Father Brian . connie ( cont would ) want some ? Father Brian be a trifle surprised , but nod . Sophie reach over to take the serve dish from connie - connie hang on to it . connie ( cont would ) you with the hand again ? Sophie take the serve dish and speak firmly . sophie that 's my job , ma'am . connie 'sit down quickly , recognize she faux pas . , connie ( ' rich voice 's ) the dining ritual be so different in to Hong Kong . we just use chopstick . revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 48 . bill ( dryly ) and you eat out of that white paper box . Grace speak up , come to connie 's rescue . paco serve the lamb . grace Paris must have be a ideal place for a wedding . connie oh , yes ... so french . connie try to restrain a grimace when she hear that one come out . bill tell we about the wedding . connie well , it be beautiful . . bill could you elaborate ? connie it be real beautiful . right there in Paris ... France ... which be real beautiful ... um ... grace I could have be there , you know , if he would bother to pick up the phone . connie well , it be kind of spur of the moment . grace oh , I do not blame you . Hugh probably do not even think about it . connie want to say something to make up for Hugh 's slight . she speak simply , say what she can of the Hugh she actually know . connie I know he be not always responsible ..- and sometimes that look like - thoughtlessness ... but to I , and I know I know he such a short time compare to all of you , but to I , there be a kindness about he that be so much sweeter because it be so thoughtless . he be one of the only people I ever meet who be kind without a reason , not because he want something , but just ... because . revised - blue - May 22 , iyy >d Bill watch connie , touch . bill you understand he . I never do . I always think there would be time to figure he out connie want to say something to cheer he up . . , a come Te os you know , he used to talk about you all the time . / he use to say , ' we . look just alike , that -- s- whywe -have '' to act so different . 's wer Grace look up sharply . Bill stare at connie intently . bill I think he do not tell you we be identical . connie 's eye shoot down to she plate , she mind racing . shit , why do she have to open she stupid mouth ? connie he do ... of course , he do ... I just ... when I see you , I be so .. it slip my mind ... grace of course it do . we understand . bill ( not let up ) but why lie about it ? Grace shoot he a angry look . connie it be just ... the house ... and all °~ you ... I be so confuse ... I hy ( ose revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 she start to cry , not pretend - the pressure be really make she * crumble . she know she have to get out before she confess everything .* connie ( cont would ) I be sorry . I have to lie down . I be go to my room . she snatch up the baby and hurry from the room . Grace stands , look dagger at Bill . grace what in heaven 's name do you think you be do ? bill her answer be not consistent . grace this be not a cross-examination , Bill , the poor girl 's be through hell . of course she 's confuse . Bill , undeterred , turn to Father Brian . bill I think she 's cover something up . I mean , look at she . banker 's daughter my ass . sorry , Father . grace no , ' ass ' be fine , right , Father ? father brian well , in judge , chapter 15 , sampson smote the philistine with the jawbone of a ass , but I think that be ' ass ' in a different - no , no , no ... grace & father brian ' ass ' be fine . bill . she 's hide something . Grace move close to Bill , speak with quiet intensity . grace she 's Hugh 's widow . she just give birth , to my grandson under about 200 ton of twisted metal . now I really do not care if she turn out to be a columbian drug lord , I be go to do everything I can for she . and if you do not start treat she with some respect I be go to take you over my knee and spank you , and do not think I can not do it , een * revised ~- blue - May 22 , 1995 page 50a . Bill , exasperate , turn to paco for support . bill 7 paco ? a 89 90 revised - buff ~ June 14 , 1995 ' page 51 . paco my money 's on she . connie re-enter . out of breath , still hold the baby . they all turn to she . connie where the hell be my room ?! ext . boston cathedral - day a sunny day . int . cathedral - MAIN chapel ~- day huge , intimidating gothic architecture . stain glass window and shaft of rainbow - color light fall on the congregation . Father Brian , in he vestment , speak beneath the ornate crucifix . connie stand with the Winterbournes around the baptismal font . she be dress in expensive black and hold the baby who be dress in a antique christen gown . connie look pretty good ~ but she hair 's still scraggly and she still wear that Jersey girl make -up . not too garish , but definitely not the classy style of the other woman around she - like that of the two high society debutante , christine and susan , we see seat nearby . out of the corner of she eye , connie watch the other go through the ceremony . she hear : all ' I believe in God the Father almighty , creator of Heaven and Earth ... ' she watch they lip , try to say what they say , which be : all ' this be we faith . this be the faith of the Church . we be proud to profess it , in Christ Jesus , we Lord . ' but from she sound more like : connte . ' this be we fade . this be the fade of the churg . we be loud to confess it , in Jesus Christ , we lob . ' the congregation continue as connie attempt to keep up : all ' I believe in one Holy and apostolic Church ...° 89 90 the et * revised - buff - June 14 , 1995 page 51a . connie ' I bleeb in wonmolee and apoplectic erub ... ' connie be cradling the baby over the font . Father Brian address she . Bill stand next to connie . Grace stand behind they , ery , but try to control herself ~ it 's clear she find the ceremony emotionally drain . paco be there too . father brian name this child . connie Hugh . Father Brian look at connie , wait for she to finish . grace ( help out , she voice break with emotion ) Hugh Donald Arthur winterbourne the second . connie yeah . she look uneasy . 91 ia revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 52 . connie be Pov - the crucifix Jesus seem to be look right down at she from the eross , glaring with disapproval . : connie shift she eye away . Father Brian scoops water on little Hugh 's head and he begin to howl in protest . father brian Hugh Donald Arthur winterbourne the second , I baptize you in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit . Grace and connie be both blink back tear . ext . cathedral - front step - day the Winterbournes and they guest come out of the church , as they pause at the top of the step , a society photographer approach . Grace recognize he . society photographer could I get a quick shot of all of you ? Grace , connie and Bill pose with the baby , Father Brian walk over and connie take he aside , nervously babbling as Father Brian listen , befuddle . connie I have a question . just as fer instance , and by the way , you be fabulous , be I suppose to tip you ? ( he shake he head , confuse ) anyway , the thing be , if somebody be to , say baptize they baby with a fake name , would the mother just go to hell , or would the baby be in on that too ? ( he stare at she blankly ) I be not talk about I . this be for a friend . Long story . Boy , the scrape she get into . she will work it out . she hurry off , leave Father Brian bewilder . Grace come over and give the baby a kiss . grace let 's take hughie home . connie smile at she , then mutter to herself as she follow Grace . connie ' hughie ? ' do I have to name you brother ' dewey ' and ' louie ? ' 91 a +e wi 92 93 revised - goldenrod - June 8 , 1995 page 53 . int . mansion - downstair hallway ~ day 92 * Bill be walk through the hallway . suddenly , a panel in one of * the wall open and connie come out , look bewilder . she 's * dress more casually now . bill well , I see you find we secret * passage . very clever . * connie be that what it be ? I think I be * lose again . * bill ready for the party ? he start walk toward the live room . connie follow . connie Party ? bill we be have a few people over . to celebrate the christen . mother must always have party . connie I guess I can handle a few people . ext . mansion - back lawn - day 93 Bill and connie step out into the bright sunlight . connie 's face freeze as she sees ... the lawn be filled with 150 people , milling about , eat finger food , chat . colorful tent be set up . a four-piece combo be play old standard . it look like a carnival of rich people have roll into town . connie shut she eye , pain . then she smile she best smile . everyone's eye seem to turn to connie and focus right on her . connie swallow nervously as she follow Bill . Grace and numerous relative descend on connie . grace . Patricia , there be so many ' people I want you to meet . Grace lead she into the throng . Bill stand aside watch she go , a look of concern on he face . 94 & revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 54 . ext , mansion - back lawn - day 94 another angle - a little later Bill be still watch connie , as she take a glass from a pass waiter . a leggy debutante move next to Bill - christine - she tooth gleam when she smile . christine so that 's Patricia ? * Bill nod . they both watch as connie be bump by a passerby and spill she glass all over the front of she dress . she grab for a napkin from a nearby table and tip over a small dip bowl . ' the dip ... flow , in a goopy mass , onto the table . connie try to scoop the dip back into the bowl , hope no one be look . she accidentally drop she wine glass into the punch bowl . start fishing it out . * * * christine and Bill be look . christine ( cont would ) not who I picture for Hugh . bill no . she move closer to he , speak softly , privately . christine I be surprised you do not call . . bill when ? christine when you hear about Hugh ... you know I be always there for you . if you want to talk . bill about what ? christine you feeling . you grief . you emotion . Bill look away , then back to she , with a tense smile . : bill Winterbournes do not believe in share that thing . we prefer to keep they bottled up tight till they eat through we stomach lining . call it a tradition . shut a ~ ow he toast she and move off into the crowd . revised - goldenrod ~ June 8 , 1995 page s4a . 94a ext . mansion - back lawn - day o4 ae ym Sophie come from the house carry baby Hugh , just awaken from * ' he nap . he be wear a cute littie outfit . Grace , talk to some * 1 guest , almost pounce on he . * grace * | there 's my little man . do you have * a nice nap ? * the guest gather around to coo over the baby . * be 94b revised ~ goldenrod - June 8 , 1995 page 55 . ext . mansion - back lawn - day . 94b * another angle - connie be wiping dip off she finger with a napkin . Grace swoops by , carry the baby . grace there you be ! come on . connie trip over she foot , bump into a matronly old woman , who shoot she a angry look . Grace be lead connie to christine , who stand talk with she equally deb young friend , Susan . grace ( cont would ) there be so many old fogy here , I want you to meet someone you own age . you will have more in common . connie blanch when she see the two sophisticated young woman . connte oh , I will bet . they walk up to they . grace christine thornhill , Susan gillespie , this be my daughter - in- law Patricia . connie how ya doin ' ? connie offer she hand - there 's a awkward moment while christine pass she buffet plate to Susan and shake connie 's hand . connie then turn to Susan and offer she hand . Susan look perplex , then pass both plate to christine and shake connie 's hand . Grace go off to mingle . connie look after she , a little helpless . christine smile . a uncomfortable silence . a waiter pass with a tray of hor d'oeuvre . connie grab one , glad for something to do . it 's a stuff new potato . not bad . susan it must be hard to have to suddenly fit in here , huh ? connie you do not know . christine and Susan turn to greet another guest as another waiter - borne tray pass by . connie grab a beggar 's purse off it , examine the odd object curiously . she unwrap it . the messy content spill out into she hand . she scoops it all into she mouth , hope no one notice . christine well , we want you to know that if you ever have any question , if you ever need anything , you can always call on we . promise ? 95 96 97 revised ~ yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 56 . connie turn to christine , eaviar spilling out of she mouth , * connie ( mouth full ) fhank you . connie hurry off to find a napkin . christine turn to Susan , * mutter . christine there go the luckiest little tram en on the planet . ne omit omrt ota ext . mansion ~ back lawn - at the bar - day ule a little later - ee connie be hold hughie and talk to the female sane ( '' wt wear a pair of big , clunky earring shape like eight ball . _ ee revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 57 , connie great earring ! im christine and Susan approach and corner connie . christine Patricia ! there you be . connie oh , good , you find I . christine you have a beautiful son . connie thanks . he 's a handfull . christine I be just say to Susan , I have to know who do you hair . it 's so bold . . susan and I be hope you could give I some make - up tip . you look be so dynamic . connie know when she 's be ridicule . her face redden . '' connie yeah , well christine I '' just too conservative , be my problem . I would never wear that nail polish with that lipstick . do you get that tip from a magazine ? connie 's about to blow up . the combo strike up a new tune . Susan sigh , sadly . susan oh , listen . connie what ? christine and Susan look at she in mild surprise . christine it 's Hugh 's favorite song . a susan ao he be always whistling it . revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 connie yeah , we use to sing it all the time . christine do you ? Grace come over to they . page s7a . revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 58 . grace Patricia , I know this be silly , but :- Hugh and I use to play this song ~~ on the piano . would you mind if I sing it to the baby ? * Grace take the baby from connie , who be happy for a reason to ditch this girl . connie oh , that 's so sweet ! connie and Grace head off toward the stage . christine detain Grace * with a ' friendly hint . ' : _ christine you really ought to let Patricia sing too . susan yes . I hear she have a wonderful voice . Grace smile , glad to hear this . 97a ext . mansion - back lawn - bar - day s7a Bill stand at the bar . Father Brian beam as he watch Grace move toward the stage . father brian oh , wonderful . I be hope you mother would get up and sing . bill ( sip he drink , pain ) yeah , she really have to come out of she shell . 98 ext . mansion - back lawn . - bandstand - day 98 Grace take the stage , hold the baby . obviously this be something * she greatly enjoy . connie stand with she - no idea what 's in store for she . . Grace croon to the baby , sing dorothy field ' and Jimmy mchugh 's * '' on the sunny side of the Street . " she start with the somewhat melancholy verse , so we , and certainly connie , can not recognize it . on the crowd - as they all turn to watch . Bill look slightly embarrassed at he mother 's desire to show off . ») revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page ssa . grace ( sweetly ) '' walk with no one and talk with no one , and I have nothing but shadow . then one morning you pass and I brighten at last . now I greet the day and complete the day with the sun in my heart . all my worry blow away when you teach I how to say : " the band kick into the chorus and the tempo brighten . grace '' grab you coat and get you hat -' Grace give a connie a '' you take it " gesture . connie 's eye widen revised ~ yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 59 . connie ( try to fake it ) . put it on and go outside ! " Grace give she a puzzle look . on bill ~ a worried look on he face . on christine - with a smug smile . back to the bandstand grace " just direct you foot . Grace look to connie again . grace ( cont would ) '' to the sunny side of the Street . " connie Street ! back to Grace . grace '' can you hear a pitter - pat ? '' back to connie . connie I can hear it , mama ! back to Grace . grace " and that happy tune be in you step . life can be so sweet . '' connie jump in ( she 's get this part ) . connie '' on the sunny side of the Street ! " grace '' I use to walk in the shade . " connie . do you , mama ? 7s revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 60 . grace '' with that blue on parade . " connie sing they blue ! grace " but I be not afraid . " connie you tell ‘em ! Grace laugh , get into the call and response . grace '' this Rover cross over . " connie come on over ! grace " if I never have a cent " connie I would not worry ! grace '' I will be rich as rockefeller . '' connie you be damn close ! grace " gold dust at my foot . " grace & connie '' on the sunny side of the Street .* connie '' oh , grab you coat and get you hat ! " grace '' leave you worry on the doorstep . " connie '' just direct you foot . " connie & grace , " to the sunny ... grace '' you be my little honey . " connie grace you have get lot of money ! we have get lot of money ! revised ~ goldenrod ~ June 8 , 1995 page 60a . Grace be delighted . they go for the big finish . connie & grace " on the sunny side of the Street ! " the crowd applaud . Grace beam . connie try to get off stage as quickly as possible , take the baby with she . 99 revised - goldenrod - June 8 , 1995 page 61 . as she step off the bandstand , christine and Susan be there , smirk . christine what a singular interpretation . connie oh , fuck off ! connie hurry off . christine and Susan look stunne . Grace pass . grace you hear she . fuck off . the deb be horrify . Grace follow connie toward the house . int . mansion - live room - day 99 * Grace be try to catch up with connie , but she do not move too quickly . Bill stop she before she can go toward the stair . * bill she do not know the song , mother . Grace fix she eye on he . grace what be it about this girl that scare you so much ? bill ( take aback ) scare I ? grace be it because she 's real ? she have real emotion , be that what frighten you ? bill well , you have lose I now . emotion be Hugh 's department . I be the worker bee . grace how could you two be so different ? I know you be twin , but be it possible one of you be switch at birth ? revised - goldenrod - June 8 , 1995 page 62 . bill . sorry mother , you be stick with I . ca Grace look at he , she face soften . grace I know it have not always be fair , billy . you have to be the responsible one and Hugh get the attention . bill actually , paco give I attention , you give I t-bill . grace now , you know that 's not true . and if it seem like Hugh be my favorite , it be only because he be ... so much more fun . ( look at he quizzically ) have you ever consider have ' fun , Bill ? instead of work so hard at be unpleasant ? bill ( piss ) there be more way to have fun than do a buck - and - wing in om front of Boston high society . grace such as ? bill ( flustered ) well ... run the family business be fun . go to the office , that 's fun ! she smile and lean in to give he a kiss on the cheek . he 's take aback , look at she in surprise as she walk toward the stair . he * speak , too soft for she to hear , with a hurt tone in he voice . bill ( cont would ) unpleasant ? 100 int . mansion - connie' bedroom ~ day 100 Grace walk in . connie be change the baby . Grace notice something on the bureau - connie 's locket , on its wear thong . Grace pick it up and look at the picture of connie 's mother . Grace look at connie and the baby , she heart go out to she . connie look up . grace Patricia ... 99 revised - blue ~- May 22 , 1995 page 61 . as she step off the bandstand , christine and Susan be there , smirk . christine what a singular interpretation . connie oh , fuck off ! connie hurry off . christine and Susan look stunne . Grace pass . grace you hear she . fuck off . the deb be horrify . Grace follow connie toward the house . _ oe Santos . mansion - ~ day 99 * Grace be try to catch up with connie , but she do not move ies * ickly . Bill stop she before she can go 4 7 , * quickly dp : g aaa ua e can bill . she do not know the song , mother . Grace fix she eye on he . '' grace what be it about this girl that scare you so much ? bill ( take aback ) scare I ? grace be it because she 's real ? she have real emotion , be that what frighten you ? . . . bill : well , you have lose I now . emotion \er be Hugh 's department . I be the oy worker bee . a bo Logan grace ' how could you two be so different ? 1 kmow you be twin , but be it possible one of you be switch at birth ? ~~ 100 revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 62. bill sorry mother , you be stick with I . Grace look at he , she face soften . grace I know it have not always be fair , billy . you have to be the responsible one and Hugh get the attention . bill actually , paco give I attention , you give I t-bill . tae grace now , you know that 's not true . and if it seem like Hugh be my favorite , it be only because he be ... so much more fun . ( look at he quizzically ) have you ever consider have fun , Bill ? instead of work so hard at be unpleasant ? . et eee ee ee bill ( piss ) there be more way to have fun than do a buck - and - wing in front of Boston high society . grace such as ? bill ( flustered ) well ... run the family business be fun . go to the office , that 's fun ! she smile and lean in to give he a kiss on the cheek he 's take aback , look at she in surprise as she walk 3 the stair . he speak , too soft for she to hear , with a hurt tone in he voice . bill ( cont would ) unpleasant ? int . mansion - connie' bedroom - day 100 Grace walk in . connie be change the baby . Grace notice something on the bureau - connie 's locket , on its worm thong . Grace pick it up and look at the picture of connie 's mother . Grace look at connie and the baby , she heart go out to she . connie look up . * grace Patricia revised - blue - May 22 , connie 1995 I do not know the song , ok ? grace so what ? I love you ... you call it ? ... rap . what do page 62a. 101 102 revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 63. connie everyone expect I to know it . grace why do you care what everyone think ? connie laugh . connie that 's nice of you but ... I do not belong here . I mean , come on , look at I . grace ~ I be look at you . you look fine . connie flip at she hair : connie this be fine ? , grace of course . connie smile , feel a little better . grace ( cont would ) okay , maybe you could use a little help with you hair . and you make - up . and you clothes and you shoe and that nail ... connie begin to look upset again as she listen to Grace go on . Grace notice that she 's be too presumptuous . grace ocatch herself ) forgive I , I never have a daughter , connie that 's all right . I barely have a mother . they embrace . omit 101 ext . CITY STREET ~ new york - night 102 a late model cadillac be park on this secluded street . Steve nonchalantly walk by . he look around . he pull from he pants a long unlock tool and deftly break into the car . the alarm go off . it 's New York City - nobody pay attention . Steve quickly get into the car . . tee ee tt tte * revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 63a. 103 int . cadillac - ext . CITY STREET - night - continuous 103 Steve lie on he back on the floor , he put a pen light in he mouth and disconnect the radio . something catch he eye on the oo floor . he Pov - it 's a copy of people Magazine open to the Star tracks page , which feature a photograph of the christen of the heir to the winterbourne wealth . stand there , hold the baby , be connie , the caption read : '' Patricia winterbourne , widow of Hugh winterbourne , hold young Hugh junior as they leave St. Peters . " back to scene - Steve stare at the photo . steve Holy shit ! 104 omit revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 64 . 104 * revised - cherry - July 20 , 1995 page 65 . fade up music for visual sequence : of ~ 105 ext . causeway ~ aerial - day / 105 Grace , paco and connie drive to Boston in the roll . 106 ext . louis ' salon - day 106 ~ the roll pull to a stop in front of a impose two -story brick > building - Louis 's Boston . Grace and connie climb out of the car . paco wait by the car while Grace and connie enter the salon . 107 int . louis 's salon - pay a» 107 Grace deliver instruction for connie 's transformation to three beautician and one male hairdresser . then Grace exit , leave connie look like a lab animal about to be experiment on . 108 omit 108 * 109 omit 109 * 110 omit . 10 + 111 of mit 1li+ 112 omit . 112+ as 112a omit : 112a * 112b omit : 112b * revised - tan ~ August 2 , 1995 page 66 . 112bromit 1128b 112brimit 112 bbb 112c int . louis ' salon - day 1i2c scissor snip connie 's hair at the same time she nail be manicure . 112d omit 112d 112e int . louis ' salon - day 112e nail polish be be apply to connie 's fingernails . make - up and . eye shadow and lipstick be apply to she face . 112f omit 112f 112g omit 112g 112h omit : 112h 112hhext . louis ' salon - day 112hh * Grace and paco exit the roll carry clothing and shoe box . * 1121 int . louis ' salon - day 1121 Grace and paco enter Louis 's carry numerous clothing and shoe box . connie 's eye widen as she see they . 113 ext . bill office build - boston - day ( establishing ) side view of a colonial brick exterior , move in on a third story bay window . bill ( v.0 . ) and finally , I want you to get in touch with any banking contact we have in Hong Kong ... 114 int . bill be office - boston — day a old money , immaculate wood and leather office . Bill be at he desk . his secretary , vera , be seat opposite he . bill ( cont would ) find out everything they can about Patricia ~ the door open and Grace enter . she immediately walk to the bay , window , open a laquere box and take out a cigarette . she pick up a lighter off the table . 113 114 can a revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 66a . bill ( cont would ) find out everything they can about Patricia - the door open and Grace enter . she immediately walk to the bay window , open a laquere box and take out a cigarette . she pick up a lighter off the table . revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 67 . vera Mrs. winterbourne ! so nice to see you . Bill walk over to he mother , pluck the cigarette out of she finder and take the lighter away . bill mother , what bring you here ? grace there 's someone I would like you to meet . connie enter nervously . she stand in the doorway . connie hello , Bill . Bill look up and see connie . she be completely transformed . the hair , the make - up , the clothes - she 's a lovely patrician debutante and as different from connie doyle as ... well , as Patricia winterbourne be . bill . Patricia ? do not tell I . be that a new purse ? connie gee , thanks . grace be you free for lunch ? Bill hesitates . he look to Vera , who nod yes . grace ( cont would ) well , now you be not . take Patricia somewhere nice . connie maybe I should go home with you . grace I be not go home . and you be dress to go out . so Bill ? take she out . she turn and leave the room . Vera follow . connie and Bill be leave stare at each other . there be a uncomfortable pause . 7 bill that outfit ... seem to fit a bit better than the one you arrive in . connie I grow . they smile . revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 67a . . connie ( cont no ) look , if you do not want to do this , I can catch a cab home . bill I would never hear the end of it . connie it 's great to see a grow man still afraid of he mommy . revised - white - August 5 , 1995 page 68 . 115 ext . boston common - day ~ 115 vo Bill and connie be walk . in the background be the gold dome of the Massachusetts State House . along the path be a red paint stripe , the " freedom Trail . '' connie this be a really beautiful city . bill be not it ? I be take you on my patent tour of the freedom Trail , ~ through historic Boston , past bunker ' Hill , Paul revere 's house - connie can we go to the ' cheer ' bar ? bill I be go to pretend I do not hear that . dissolve to : 116 omit 116 * - 116a omit . 116aa * 116b omit 116b * revised - white - August 5 , 1995 page 69 117 ext . paul reverex house - day 117 connie and Bill walk down a cobblestone street in the North end until they reach Paul revere 's house . bill Paul revere 's house ... God , the first time I be here , paco bring we . we be in , like , 4th grade , . and bombing history and paco say , ' you want to learn history , go where it happen . ' eb ee of connie why paco ? why do not you dad bring you ? - + * bill . well , it be during that period where Father be away on business most of the time . ' we childhood ' it 's call . ( beat ) jeez , there use to be a stupid little gift stand right here . paco buy we this paper minuteman hat and wooden musket . we start chase each other between the park car , load , fire , load , fire . paco scream in Spanish , ' look both way ! ojos aguilas , mis hombrecito ! 's ebb the ee ro Bill look at the street , smile as he re-live the memory . bill ( cont 'd ) Hugh be Paul revere , of course . I be a redcoat . Hugh keep run * away from I , yell , ' my brother be come ! my brother be come ! ' * * Bill laugh , then stop himself . he 's touch by the memory . connie you miss he , do not you ? bill . he be a delightful guy . he be the kind of guy who do not have problem because he do not want to have problem . it be that easy for he . + ee to Bill think about this . revised - white - August 5 , 1995 connie so what happen between you two ? bill well , Father start we in the company together and when he retire , he want to turn the rein over to both of we . there be a huge meeting of the board of director where Father be to officially pass the torch . Hugh and I be about to walk through the door into the meeting when he turn to I and say , ' wait a minute ' and walk down the hall . connie and ? bill he never come back . Three month later , I get a postcard from Taiwan say ' how would it go ? ' connie sound like you be still mad at he . bill he do not know how to take responsibility . connie hey , he get a woman pregnant and marry she , that 's more than most guy would do . bill that woman would be ... you . connie yeah , sure . ( change the subject ) so , you hungry ? bill I be suppose to buy you lunch . they turn to a hot dog vendor behind they . page 70 his old suspicion momentarily rekindle . +e ee hr ee revised - goldenrod - June 8 , 1995 page 71-72 . 118 ext . footbridge ~ boston public garden ~ day ( establishing ) 118 119 ext . footbridge - boston public garden - day 119 connie and Bill walk along the bridge , finish they hot dog . connie I know a winterbourne would take I 5 to a fine dining establishment ... connie notice a spot of mustard on he cheek . connie ( cont would ) _ wait a sec . they stop . she reach up and wipe the mustard off - almost a caress . he like the feel , but be a little embarrassed . bill be I walk around with that on my face ? connie actually , it 's be there since I meet you . L they laugh . on bill must have look silly . / connie you could use some silly . bill what , you think you be the first one to play in that secret passage ? * connie you do that ? * bill Hugh never tell you about we famous hide and seek game ? I hold the record . one time I hide in there for six hour before he find I . of course , later I realize he would be . play a cruel trick on I , but what the hell - I still win . tet hee the connie laugh . Bill join in . connie '' 3 should not you be get back to the — _ office ? revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 72a . Bill check he watch . bill ~~ I have already blow off all my : afternoon appointment . you do not mind if we walk around a little more , do you ? connie no , I do not mind at all . 120 ext . shreve , crump & low jeweler - day 120 connie and Bill exit the Public Garden and cross the street . as they walk past the jewelry store , something catch connie 's eye . '' she stop and fumble in she purse . 121 revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 73. connie ( cont would ) let 's go in . bill what ? she take out the locket with she mother 's picture in it and show it to Bill . connie it 's my mom . I would like to put this on a chain . int . shreve , crump & low jewelry store - day — 121 connie stand in front of a mirror , a sale clerk opposite she . she fumble with the chain and locket . Bill step up to she . bill May I ? Bill move close behind she and work on the clasp . he put the locket on its new chain and put it around she neck . they smile at each other . oe connie 46 '' will " it 's nice , but it 's s6 expensive . bill aoe you be a Winterbournes you can afford the whole stork . connie '' I do not know ... {} oc bill do not mother set you up with a check account ? connie yeah . she do not even ask I , she just shove this checkbook at I ... bill then write a check . 3 it will be you first . I be glad I be here for it . she hesitates , then take out she new checkbook , fill out a check , tear it off and set it on the counter . as the clerk reach for it , a look of horror cross connie 's face angle on check - it be sign ' connie doyle . ' back to scene - connie snatch the check back up . 122 123 124 125 126 revised - salmon - June 28 , 1995 page 74 , connie oh ... darn it , I ... 21 put the wrong date . let I write another one . connie turn to see Bill watch she , a strange expression on he face , he must have see . but he do not say anything . she fill out another check and carefully sign she name - '' Patricia winterbourne . " int . mansion - upper hallway - dusk 122 outside connie 's room , we hear the sound of a pen scratching on paper . int . mansion - connie' room - dusk ( continuous ) 123 connie sit at a table by the window , scribbling on a piece of Paper . the baby be in he carrier , next to she . moving in , we see that connie be practice she signature , write ' Patricia winterbourne , 's ' Patricia winterbourne , ' ' Patricia winterbourne 's over and over again . connie ( to the baby ) mommy screw up big time . she almost give the whole game away . now mommy 's forging check . be not that a Federal crime ? mommy 's move up in the world . int . bill be office - dusk 124 Bill be seat at he desk , gaze out the window . pan to the desk ~ a piece of paper lie on the polished wood . close on the paper - insert 125 it read : " constance doyle and she unborn child be list among the fatality of the train wreck . let I know if you need further info . Vera . " on bill - he stare off in space . suddenly , he bolt from he chair , grab the paper and head out of the room . int . mansion — live room - night 126 Grace be talk with ty winthrop . ' grace look , I have make a decision and I want it take care of now . ty I know , but a change this radical , add two new heir to you will - * revised ~ blue - May 22 , 1995 Grace move in on he . Bill stride grace ty , in the last three year , I have bury my husband and one of my son . when I get word of Hugh 's death , it destroy I . then , when I hear that Patricia and the baby be alive ... it be like a gift from God and I be go to make sure they be take care of . inte the room . bill mother , I need to talk to you . ( notice ty ) ty , what bring you here ? ty Grace have ask I to draw up a new will to include she daughter - in - law and grandson . bill mother , you can not . grace ( sharply ) billy . do not you start . page 74a , +t tet et ee a : Bill , pulis she aside , speak confidentially . bill mother , I have find out something . about Patricia . grace ( appal ) have you be investigate she ? bill ( pain ) mother - Sophie lead connie in . connie hi , you want to see I ? Grace hiss to Bill , under she breath . grace ° we will discuss this another time , she turn to connie , graciously . Bill turn away frustrated . grace ( cont no ) this be ty winthrop , my attorney . ty I hope you will not hold that against he laugh . no one else do . Grace begin to sign a number of document . grace Patricia , I want you to know that I be change my will to include you and you son . connie be stunne . connie I do not want you to do that . 1 do not want to be include . ~ wus 6 , 499d page 75 , white - May ’5 , 1995 _ page 76 . on bill - as he watch this . he be shocked . this be the last reaction he would ever expect . of ~ grace why not ? connie it 's not right . grace but you be family . connie stand , angry . connie do not put my name on that thing ! I do not ... that 's not what I come here for ! Bill , tell she she 's crazy . bill ( intrigue ) mother , you be crazy . Grace upset , but try to speak reason . grace but what about you boy ? ~~ connie try to speak reasonably . connie look ... I know you want the best for hughie . so do JI . that 's why I be here ... I mean ... ( she look to Grace ) I be here because of you . ( to Bill ) and you . because you take we in and look after we . not because of the money . I be not here for the money . Grace look up at she , shocked and touch . grace i my God , Patricia , of course not . no h- one think that . oturn to the other ) do anyone think that ? Bill and ty both look deeply guilty . connie ( sincerely ) i a please , maybe it sound crazy , but I i do not want you to sign it . revised - blue ~ May 22 , 1995 page 77 , grace well , it 's my money and I want to sign it . nsmile at she fondly ) in fact , I feel more like signing it now than I do before . she sign the final document with a flourish and turn to Bill . Bill laugh , Sophie be in Bill hurry 127 int . mansion 7 ! Bill , Sophie we hear paco grace ( cont would ) you have something you want to tell I , Bill ? bewilder but happy . bill evidently not . the doorway . sophie Mrs. winterbourne ? grace & connie yes ? sophie I be sorry . it 's paco bill ( sigh ) again ? sophie I be afraid so , sir . from the room . connie follow . ~- indoor pool - night and connie enter the room and look down at the pool , sing a tango beat . paco ( 0.s. ) dum , dum dum da dee dee dum ... sophie it be the pool repairman . paco really think it be true love , but I could tell that bastard be just out for a good time . on the pool ~ there 's no water in it . the interior light shine down , illuminate it like a dance floor . 127 128 129 revisel - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 78. there in the deep end be paco , dance a tango by himself while he sing . there 's a open bottle of rum a few foot from he and he 's obviously have a few , but still there be a beauty and grace to he movement as he glide across the white tile . connie let 's get he out of jrere . she start down the ladder . paco rum dum dum du ... ( he look up , see she ) he a lousy plasterer , too ! the tile come right off ! he kick at the tile design on the bottom of the pool to prove he point - tile scatter like break glass ... he dance over to meet connie in the middle of the pool . connie want I to beat he up for you ? paco hug she . paco no , he so sweet ! he start to cry on she shoulder . bill watch , move by the way _ she 's caring for paco . connie look up at Bill . connie give I a hand here ? int . mansion - kitchen - night 128 Bill and connie lug paco through the kitchen toward he room . paco dum , dum dum dum da dee dee ... connie what 's he singin ' ? paco speak up , he accent thicker from the drink . paco jou do not know the tango ? I teach 7 my boy the tango so they could woo all the woman . int . mansion - paco' room - night 129 they arrive , paco in tow . hee revise - blue - May zz , 1995 page 79 , connie watch as Bill slip off paco 's jacket and tenderly tuck the older man into bed - fluffing he pillow . connie smile , touch by Bill 's clear filial affection for paco . a paco you dance . you dance with the girl . go on . bill I do not think - . paco dance ! Bill awkwardly take connie in he arm and dance with she - a clumsy waltz . paco . * no ! tango . rum-dum-dum -dum -dee * die-dee-dum-dum ! . they start to tango and dance out of paco 's room into the kitchen . * 129a int . mansion - kitchen - night 129a they tango be not go very well . connie start to laugh . * paco ( cont would 0.s . ) * that 's my boy ! I raise such good ~~ boy . billy take such good care of Hugh and Hugh alla time in trouble - suddenly , vintage tango music emerge from paco 's room . it 's a big help . Bill keep tangoing . he 's get into it . connie follow suit . . ae they be do pretty damn well by now . * they strike a glorious pose , connie 's back arched , Bill hold she , for they big finish - just then we hear paco snore loudly . they break into a laugh as Bill pull she upright ... but as he hold she in he arm , the move turn into a embrace , Bill hold she close and kiss she ... revised ~ goldenrod - June 8 , 1995 page 80 . it 's a first kiss , awkward and tentative . it end quickly and they look at one another in blank surprise . connie uh ... wow . Bill step away , confuse and flustered - he be not use to this sort of thing . bill look , I be not sure what 's go on here , but I feel ... he search for a word to describe this odd feel . he find its it 's like a new concept . bill ( cont would ) : > good. and ... I do not know what this be , so ... goodnight . he start to walk toward the dining room , then turn back to she . bill ( cont would ) do I say good - night ? okay , I be go to bed . he continue to walk toward the dining room , but stop again . bill ( cont would ) wait , I do not live here . I will go out this way . ' bye . ' he turn around and go toward the back door . as he pass she , he stop and kiss she again . warmer now and close . they lose themselves in the kiss and hold each other close . he pull away . ' bill wow . he move again toward the back door , but catch himself , come back . bill no , that 's the back way . my car 's out front . so I should go out front . okay ? he leave connie out of breath and stunne , she emotion a total whirlwind . . connie ( to herself ) I do not understand man . over connie 's shoulder , we see paco in he bed . paco you an’ I both ! revised ~- goldenrod - June 8 , 1995 page 81 . 130 int . mansion - side hallway / foyer - night 130 * . Bill tango by himself down the hallway toward the front door . * : Grace have just show ty out when she turn to discover Bill dance * toward she . she watch he , amused . Bill dance close to she . * bill ( address she intently ) so what do you think of Patricia ? grace I think she 's terrific . — Bill be full of nervous energy , babbling . * bill I think I think so too . I think I like she . but be that ok ? I mean , she 's my brother 's widow . maybe . maybe not , but we will leave that for now . should not I be feel guilty ? I might be feel guilty . I be feel something , I do not know what I be feel . grace / . happy ? on bill could be . could be happy . could be a aneurism . Bill turn to Grace , settling a little . bill ( cont would ) be it ok ? grace you be worried about what Hugh would think ? bill yeah . grace whatever be between you and you brother , he want you to be happy . Bill 'take this in . bill okay . oa he kiss she . she hold he . 5 revised - salmon - June 28 , 1995 page 82 . grace I always know when you fall , you would fall the hardest . she go upstairs and he go out the front door . 130a ext . mansion - early morning - establishing 130a * 131 int . mansion - live room - morning 131 close on a envelope - plain , white , no return address , address to " Patricia winterbourne . " * pull back to see Grace sit , smoking , go through the mail . connie walk in , in a great mood , Grace seem to swallow she cigarette . she toss she lighter onto the sofa . connie ( behind she ) ° Morning ! connie sniff the air . connie ( cont would ) have somebody be smoking in here ? busted , Grace flip the cigarette out of she mouth . grace do not tell paco , I will never hear the end of it . connie snatch the cigarette away from she . connie you should know better . grace yeah , yeah , yeah . she go on , with a know smile . grace ( cont would ) so do you have a nice night ? connie ( cover ) nothing special . grace ( hand she the envelope ) look , you finally get some mail . maybe you old friend be get in touch . connie take it and open it . all at once , she face fall ... 132 revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page '' 2a . grace {cont would ) bad news ? connie no ... just junk mail . grace oh , too bad . connie Excuse I . connie get up and head out of the room , she face pale and nervous . Grace look after she with concern . int , mansion - foyer - day 132 alone , connie look at the note again . close on note - it 's a ordinary index card with a typewritten message on it : " who be you ? " connie turn the card over - type on the back be the word : '' and whose baby be that ? " revised - goldenrod - June 8 , 1995 page 83 . back to scene - connie stare at the note , as if it be a death sentence . she lean against the wall in despair . 132a ext . mansion - night - establishing 132a * the house be still . * 133 . int . mansion - connie' bedroom - night 133 connie be pack a baby bag , throw a few thing into it , try to comfort he at the same time . Little Hugh start cry and connie hurry to pick he up . connie ~ do not cry , Cookie , hushabye , hushabye + ++ it 's okay ... so somebody know about we ? everything 's still go to work out just fine . the baby quiet , make a burping or laugh sound . connie ( cont would ) do not laugh . mommy 's in denial , it 's all she 's get . . L she pick up the snugli and a bag full of the baby 's stuff . she look around longingly . . connie ( cont would ) it be pretty good for a while , be not it , Cookie ? we be not crazy - enough to think it would last , be we ? she take she locket from the nightstand , carefully remove the gold * chain she buy at shreve crump & low and leave it on the nightstand . 's connie ( cont would ) well , that 's all my stuff . let 's change you and we will get go . she set the bag and Hugh on the change table and remove Hugh 's diaper . just as she 's pull a diaper out of she bag , the door open and Bill stand there , hold a huge bouquet of rose . he look at the bag . . connie . hi. bill be you go somewhere ? this be hard for she . connie look ... I be take off . I have wear out my welcome . revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 84 . bill I do not think so . I think you be still welcome . be this my fault ? be because of last night ? the kiss ? do you think I be come on to you ? no , no , that be just a brother - in - law , sister - in - law kiss . ( glance at the flower in he hand ) this ? this be for Mom . he toss the bouquet down the hall and come in , closer to she . bill ( cont would ) you can not go . connie no , I get thing I gotta take care of . bill be it family ? I think you do not have any family . connie I do not . bill do you . have a job ? { she shake she head ) a home ? she shake she head , more violently . Bill sense that he 's just scare she off . he try to calm he own panic and put on a reasonable face . bill {cont would } all right , you have make a decision , and I respect that . as a businessman , when I have to make a difficult decision , I usually make up a list of pro and con . he sit at the desk in front of a piece of stationery , pull out he levenger fountain pen and draw a line down the middle . bill ( cont no ) so we have colurm a - go ; and column B - - stay . okay , ' go : ' you leave we , you have no family , no money , you will not take + we money , and you have nowhere to go . so in column a we will just put ' nothing . ' in column B , on the other hand , you have a comfortable home , a place to bring up you child , a mother who love you , a Cuban butler who love you -- and how many people can say that ~- and a I who love you - revised - yellow - May < 9 , iyy5 page baa . connie what ? bill do not interrupt , I 'mona roll . where be I ? oh , yeah ; I , who may ask you to marry he . you know , I think I will move that to the top of the list . revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 85 . connie ( stunne ) oh , God . bill . ( quickly ) or off the list , I could take it right off the list . ( then , be : column B ) so here we have love , home and security weigh against ... ( xe : column a ) nothing . whew , tough choice . I be glad I be not in you shoe . want my advice ? connie do you ask I to marry you ? Bill swallow . bill kind of . she move close to Bill . she kiss he fondly . she hold he and lay she face against he chest , wishing the moment could last forever and know it can not . connie shit . bill I always imagine the moment would be * just like this . * he lift she chin to look into she eye . bill ( cont would ) do not answer now . say yes tomorrow . he kiss she quickly and leave ... open the door and toss the flower back in . bill ( 0.s. cont would ) they be really for you . he come back in for one more salvo . he move to little Hugh , still rest on the change table , san diaper . Bill bend over the baby . bill you talk to she . she listen to you . tell she you and I be go to have a great time together . I can take you to ball game and we can watch the Red Sox lose together . it will be a bond thing . tet ee ee 134 revised ~ yellow - May 29 , ivy page oa. as if in answer , the baby shoot a arc of pee onto Bill 's shirt . Bill straighten , look at he wet shirt . look up at connie . bill ( ccnt 'd ) well , I think now you have to marry I . connie laugh . Bill dart out . connie finish diaper up she son , tear in she eye . connie oh , Cookie , no matter how hard you try , you could never screw up you life as bad as I have screw up mine . int . mansion - staircase / foyer - night '' 134 connie be creep down the stair in the half - light filter through the window . she 's carry the baby on she chest , in the snugli and the baby bag in she hand . quietly , she shut the glass - pane door behind she . * we tome ae 20 , loyd page 86 , through the door , we see Grace in a bathrobe descend the stair . 134a ext . mansion — portico — night 134a oo connie exit with the baby , shutting the big door behind she . a cab be wait for she . 134b ext . mansion — night 134b * Grace stand at a upper window look out . * from she point of view , we see connie and the baby get into the cab , * which then drive away . .. * 135 ext . beverly farm station - night 135 a small , suburban train stop . it 's a cool night . connie walk up , still carry the baby in she papoose . only a couple of other people be there , wait . connie sit on a bench , wait for the train , bounce the snugli to keep Hugh happy and wiping a tear from she eye . the train screech in . everyone start gather they stuff . we hear a voice . paco ( v.0 . ) what be you do here ? '' : . connie turn and see paco stand there . connie leave I alone . paco why you run away ? connie I be not run away . I be just leave in a hurry . paco grab the bag of baby stuff from she . paco what do you think ? this be some kind of joke show ? now I wanna know where you be go and I wanna know now . connie look , I appreciate what you be try to do , but it 's over ... 1 get thing in my past that could destroy this family . mm paco you thin 's you the only one with a past ? cee owe ~ vune 28 , 1995 paco start walk off with the bag . connie bring that back ! she hurry after he . he turn to she . page 86a . 136 revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 37 , paco you know what they do to man like I in Cuba ? you get a choice between jail and a little goddamn boat and a whole lotta water . I pick the water . I come to America . to make myself into a brand new paco . instead , I starve . I do some thing , I do not want to know about they myself ... then Mrs. winterbourne , she find I , give I this job . this job save my life . this family save my life . they be stronger than you think . connie tug at the bag , tear up . : . connie you do not under - paco ( steady , calmly ) if bad thing be gonna happen , let they happen here . the family will be there for you . Winterbournes stick together . and whatever else you be , you be a winterbourne . connie but that 's just it . I be not . paco listen to I . I do not know you , I do not know where you come from . but I know this . you be as mich a winterbourne as I be . on the train ~- from the opposite side , obscure connie and paco . the train pull out . when it's gone , there be connie , stand on the platform with paco , cuddle Hugh . ext . mansion - front of the house - night 136 the rolis pull up to the front of the house . paco and connie look up in surprise . there Pov - a ambulance be up front , light flash . on connie - as the light hit she face . connie shit . int . mansion - foyer / stairway - night connie rush in the door , hand the baby to paco and run up the stair . Bill come to meet she on the stair , look grief -. stricken . he embrace she . they continue up the stair and walk down the hall . 137 * nee 138 nevis sib - slur - May < 2 , ly¥5 page 88 . bill Jesus , we think you would go ! 137a int . mansion - upper hallway - night 137a connie how be she ? bill she have another attack . connie head to Grace 's room . as she reach the doorway , Dr. tabackin be come out . — _ * dr . tabackin she 's be ask for you . * connie hurry into the room . * int . mansion - grace's bedroom - night 138 Grace be in the bed , look exhaust and draw . connie rush to * she bedside . . * grace thank God you have come home . * Grace give connie a hug . * connie * be you all right ? * furious , Grace punch the mattress with she clench fist . she 's * clearly weaken , and it 's only she anger and . the pure force of she will that 's keep she at this pitch . : grace shit , shit , shit ! this goddam body ! if it be not for this body , I no live forever . -. revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 89 , she lean back in bed , out of breath . turn to connie , get down to business . . grace ( cont would ) now what the hell do you have to say for yourself ? connie Grace , you know I do not fit in here . grace nobody fit in here . do you know what I be do wuen I meet Bill 's father ? star in a hit Broadway musical . connie ( loving it ) you be kid ? grace okay , I be in the chorus and it close in a week . but I have potential . then I meet Bill 's father and fall in love with he . do you think I fit in here ? I make they fit I . connie I do not know if I can do that . grace you can do anything . you make Bill come to life and I do not think anyone could ever do that . ( then ) now ... why do you really leave ? connie Bill ask I to marry he . grace well , he do not move slow , do he ? and you do not want to ? connie ido . but ... grace darling , Hugh 's go . and as much as it hurt , you have to move on with you life . now , do you love Bill ? connie ( without hesitation ) yes . the ee o~ ~ 2 139 140 141 o~ 142 143 whee ee page 90 . grace then do it , Patricia . Grace take connie 's hand with a wick smile . grace ( cont ' d) the Winterbournes need new blood like we . they embrace . grace ( cont 's d ) just promise I you will never take that baby away from we again . ~ dissolve to : a series of shot : calligraphy - insert a hand write in fine calligraphy : '' Grace parmentier winterbourne request you presence at the wedding of ...« int . mansion ~ live room ~ day connie and Grace be meeting with a wedding gown designer , . who sketch various idea for dress . int . mansion - live room - day Grace and connie meet with the florist , who show they book of floral arrangement and a few actual elaborate floral centerpiece . int . mansion ~ kitchen - day paco and a baker argue about the design of the wedding cake , while look at picture of various sample cake . music end ... ext . yacht club — patio ~ night the outdoor patio of a exclusive yacht club . in the distance , the yacht of the rich be moor . there be a sign by the door read '' winterbourne wedding rehearsal dinner . '' couple 's in connie and bill be dance to " we Love be here to stay . " connie , radiant and beautiful in a lovely gown . Bill in a elegant tuxedo . eye fix to one another , 139 140 143 white - may. 5 , 1995 page 91 . the world swirl around they , blur into a dream . paco and grace be dance too , both glow with happiness . as they do particularly fancy twirling step , they pass dr . tabackin and he wife , also dance . Dr. tabackin be appal at Grace 's over -exertion . . dr . tabackin Grace ! Mrs. winterbourne - Dr. tabackin 's wife dance he away . dr . tabackine wife leave she alone , lew . if she die , ~~ she die . connie and bill continue to dance . connie' Pov - on Bill , smile . a hand tap Bill on the shoulder . voice ( 0.s. ) May I cut in on this one ? Bill step aside and be replace in she view by a new face steve , smile just as broadly . connie be stunne , try to keep she expression from betray she . Steve be in a rent tux that do little to disguise he sleaziness . but he 's never look happier . steve you be a lucky man , Bill . Bill be try to place he . bill uh , thank you ... connie ( try to keep calm ) I be afraid I have not have the pleasure . steve you have not ? I have . Steve decunzo. {te Bill ) you remember . New York ? glad to see you mother 's do so well . bill yes ... well , one dance , Steve , then I want she all to myself . steve ( grin ) you will have to catch we first . 144 white - May 5 , 1995 page 92 . he sweep she out onto the dance floor , whirling she about , a surprisingly good dancer . connie hiss in he ear . connie what the hell be you do here ? steve ( pleasantly ) so we have meet before ? he dance she further away from Bill . on bill as he watch they dance off , look a little puzzle . on grace and paco on another part of the dance floor . they too be watch connie and this stranger ... a look of concern on paco 's face , one of suspicion on Grace 's . ext . yacht club - patio - night 144 Steve dance connie toward where the boat be moor . there be a few people around . she pull away from he . connie ( whisper ) get away from I ! steve ( speak up ) what 's wrong , connie . be something bother you , connie ? huh , connie ? people start to look at they . she yank he further from the other . loti ony connie what do you want ? Steve be the picture of innocence wronge . steve why do I have to want something ? you always think the worst of I , do not you ? maybe that 's why you always bring it out . connie why be you here ? he look up at she , do he best hurt " how could you ask that question ? " face . steve I think you be dead . I think my only child be dead . that do something to a man , connie . I cry , I really do . I cry for you and for the kid and for how I be pissing ( more ) revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 steve ( cont would ) my life away . I start make some real change , you would be proud . then a few week later I be steal this car radio and I run across a people magazine and there 's this picture of the winterbourne family , and would not you know it , they new daughter - in - law look just like this tramp from Jersey I use to know . I have to see if it be true . connie you send I that note ? he smile , all warmth . steve well , just ' cause you do not write , I do not see any reason for I to be insensitive . connie okay , it work , you get I scared , so what 's next ? Steve laugh . he start away as if to leave , connie wait . steve you be so nervous ! I just want to congratulate you on this great life you have , whaddya call it ? ... / appropriate ' for yourself . ( over she objection ) hey , why not ? the dead chick be not gonna use it anymore . and , by the way , marrying the guy 's brother ? that be pure genius . I do not know you have it in you . good job . connie ( quiet ) and that 's it ? steve ( shaking she hand ) absolutely . steve ( cont would ) well , there be one thing he come back to she . steve ( cont no ) my son . what role do I , the boy 's father , have in all this ? then turn back around . page 93 . white - May 5 , 1995 page 94 . connie lash out . : connie I will give you a goddamn role - steve if you be uncomfortable , I would be just as happy to discuss this with you mother - in- law . how do you think she heart would take my news ? connie no more bullshit . what do you want ? Steve extend he hand to she face - do he old magic trick , pull a matchbook out of thin air . the matchbook cover have the name and address of a motel on it . steve come by my place tomorrow . and bring my boy . what would you name he , ' Hugh , ' after the dead rich guy ? connie you come near he , I will kill you . Steve shake he head . steve you get no class , you know that ? that 's why I dumped you . they can dress you up , but - connie ( steely ) I be not kid . Steve step close to she , grab she by the hair - the smile pretense be go and he eye burn with a cold cruelty . she flinch , fear in he eye . steve be there tomorrow . or I will mess up you life so bad , you will never see that kid again . he step away from she - she hair be now fall in she face . he laugh at she . \fo0 steve ( cont would ) that 's a good look for you . he walk off white - May 's 5 , 1995 page 95 . 145 ext , yacht club - patio - night : 145 be 146 pad 7 Steve walk back into the throng , smile . Bill stand by the wall , watch he go . grace and paco stand by the window , they eye follow Steve as he leave , snatching a hor d'deuvre and pop it into he mouth as he saunter out , the picture of arrogance . paco turn to Grace . paco . I don ' like that guy . do we know who that be ? ~ grace no . but you be go to find out . dissolve to : ext . cheap motel ~- courtyard - day 146 a cloudy day , threaten rain . one of that motel from the fifty , it have not be paint ina decade or two . a yellow cab pull up and connie climb out with the baby . int . cheap motel ~ steve's room - day 147 four dingy wall and a old bed . Steve be try to set up a old , stain playpen - he 's stand in it , kick at the bottom , try to flatten it out . he step out of it and toss in some toy - a chew up teddy bear and a couple of leggos . he look up to see connie in the window , look in . he cross to the door to let she in ... she enter , push the stroller , look very out of place in she expensive coat . Steve do not spare she a glance - he go straight to the baby , lift he out of the stroller . : steve there 's the guy ! Big boy ! look at that , that 's my chin , that 's my goddam chin ! connie walk in carefully , keep she back to the wall as she circle he . / connie him ; Steve carry Hugh to the playpen . white - May 5 , 1995 page 96 . steve hey , pal , look what I get for you here . he plop the kid down in the middle of playpen and stand back - the baby start howling . steve ( cont would ) what 's with he ? connie he 's get taste . connie go to Hugh - Steve step in ahead of she and pick he up -— the baby quiet and look up at he , curious . steve you know , this be a very emotional moment for I . do you know how much it mean to a man to know that he name be gonna be pass on ? that 's a awful lot you be ask I to give up . and for what ? have you offer I anything in return , even a kind word ? no . you just look at I like I be go to contaminate you precious baby ~- like you would even have the little bastard if it be not for I . he sit in the playpen , give the kid a leggo to chew on . connte do you wash that ? steve huh ? oh , sure . connie step into the playpen and take the leggo away from he - Hugh start bawling again . she root through she purse for something else to give he . connie so you get a plan , right ? let 's hear it . she hand the baby a pacifier . he suck on it , happily . steve I tell you what I ought to do . I ought to tell the Winterbournes all about this nasty little con you be pull on ‘em . I mean , it 's not right to let the kid grow up livin ' a lie . I should let everybody know who he really be ... and sue for custody . white - May 5 , 1995 page 97 . connie look back at he . steve ( cont would ) and do not think I would not get it . birth father be win case like this every day . and look at the character of the mother . he start tickle the baby . steve ( cont would ) a slut con artist , exploit a grieve family to get they fortune . {to the baby ) ~ mommy would never see you again . the baby giggle . Steve lean back against the playpen . steve ( cont would ) but the problem with that be , I still get nothing and I wind up stick with a baby , and who need that ? connie stand up and take a check out of she purse . connie it 's all fill out . just tell I the amount . steve ( pick a number out of the air ) 50,000 . she hesitates ... then cross to the bureau and fill in the amount and hand he the check . steve ( cont would ) ' Patricia winterbourne . 's very nice . he step out of the crib and get a envelope from the bed table . he put the check in and seal it . he slip the envelope in he pocket . steve ( cont would ) thanks , but that 's nowhere near enough . I have a better idea . ( off she reaction ) no , you will like it . it 's a idea where everybody get what they want . and how many idea like that do you ever come up with ? you want to hear it ? connie why're you ask I if I : want to hear it ? wale - bay 2 , l999 page 35 . steve ( harder ) do you want to hear it ? #™ connie walk back and forth , not look at he . connie ( in a monotone ) : sure , I want to hear it , I will die if 5 I do not hear it . steve ( pleased ) you take the kid out for a walk somewhere . in 1l show up and kidnap he . connie stop and look he dead in the face . steve ( cont would ) do not worry , I will give you a good smack so it look like you struggle . they ' 11 cough up at least a million for he , right ? I take that , drop off the baby and that way I get a fair return for sacrifice my paternal rights . connie on you be out of you friggin ' mind . you go near that kid and I be call the police . steve then I will tell they it be you idea . connie they would not believe you . steve why else would you pay I 50,000 dollar ? with a forge check , by the way . connie begin pace the room , look for a way out , connie I will not hurt that people . steve they be not gonna miss a pissant million ! . connie of ~ what if I just clear out , run away ? eo 148 149 revised - salmon - June 28 , 1995 page 99 . steve I will find you . and I will take the kid . connie you do not even want he ! steve ( very calmly ) but he 's mine . he sit down next to the crib and pick up the teddy bear . connie a this will kill Grace . whatever happen , it will kill she . play peek -a- boo with the bear over the side of the crib . steve she 's gotta die sometime . the baby laugh . connie step in and pick he up . steve ( cont would ) . ( hurt ) hey , I have he laugh . connie I have to go . Steve stand and face she . steve what do you say ? you and the kid gonna be take a walk in the commons around one tomorrow ? connie I be get marry tomorrow . steve so ? connie stare right back at he . int . mansion - study - night . 148 connie be just leave the room . we pan slowly to the wall , to a frame case contain a gun collection . there be a empty spot where one of the gun be miss . omit 149 * 150 gm 151 152 153 154 revised - salmon - June 28 , 1995 page 100 . omit 150 omit 151 * ext . seedy STREET - boston - night 152 a cab pull up to the curb away from the motel . connie get out and start walk . ext . cheap motel - parking lot - night 153 connie walk up to Steve 's motel . someone be walk toward she . she nod to the stranger as she pass - she can not make she out in the night , but she 's a very pregnant blonde . connie ' night . the stranger just walk on ... once she 's go , connie hustle to find Steve 's room ... she stop in front of he door . she almost knock , but then she decide to try the knob instead . she turn it , quietly , carefully and open the door ... int . cheap motel - steve's room - night 154 + + + as the door open and connie peer in . one dim light by the bed be on . Steve be sit up in bed in a t-shirt , watch a tony robbin infomercial . connie step in . revised ~- yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 101 connie hello , Steve . you partner 's here . I get a little change in the plan . he do not look up . she walk to the foot of the bed , try not to lose she nerve . connie ( cont would ) instead of I take the kid for a walk and you steal he ... she pull the gun out and level it on he . she speak , she tremble voice bely she attempt to sound tough . connie ( cont would ) + ++ you get the hell out of my life or I blow you head off . he do not even look up . she be throw off by he apparent lack of interest . connie ( cont would ) stop watchin ' the damn tv. she switch it off . still no reaction from Steve . she go to he to get a better look . you do not have to be a doctor to see that Steve be quite dead . connie ( cont would ) Holy shit ! the shock of see the body send connie reeling backwards . accidentally , the gun go off . a loud knocking be hear from the door , follow immediately by Bill burst into the room . bill be you all right ? connie you get a helluva sense of timing , you know that ? bill be you go to tell I what 's go on , or - he see Steve lie on the bed . it take a moment for it to register ... then a sick look wash over Bill 's face as he realize that 's a dead man on the bed . he look back at connie ~ see the gun in she hand , bill ( cont would ) Holy shit ... white - May 5 , 1995 page 102 . connie look , I do not do it , I just come here to scare he . I do not even know this thing be load . bill I mean , Jesus Christ - connie it just go off . he be already dead . bill if there be a problem we could have ~ di dit - '' 's 6 x iscusse cet . , le sooo apht - '' connie believe I , be be dead when I get here , bill . { not believe she ) . all right . all right , 1 believe you , she think for a moment aws 7 connie ies low do you know I be here ? bill I get here first . I see you go in . . connie why do you come here ? bi . pai follow ast kick I could see that he scared you , I come here to ... connie ( suddenly frighten ) to do what ? Bill , you do not - bill ( point at the bed ) no , I do not ! of course , not ! . ( beat ) all right , if neither of we do it , why do not we call the police ? they look at each other in silence . xl connie yy let 's just get out of here . revised - blue - May 22 , 1995 page 103 . she move to the door , then stop , remember : connie ( cont would ) ~ wait . she look around the room , open the closet . there 's the jacket he be wear . she go through the pocket . pull a envelope out of the pocket . the one Steve put the check in . but the damned thing be empty . connie ( cont would ) shit . bill — what be you look for ? connie forget it , come on . they hurry out the door . 155 ext . cheap motel - courtyard - night . 155 they walk through the courtyard , try to look normal . they move on .. in the darkness nearby , unnotice by they , sit the winterbourne roll * royce . 156 int . roll royce - ext . motel / boston STREET - night - continuous 156 Grace and paco be inside . Grace sit in the shadow of the back seat . 157 ext . side STREET - boston - night 157 as connie and Bill walk around the corner to Bill 's cadillac sts , * they talk . * connie you do not believe I do not kill he , do you ? Bill hesitates ... but he can not lie to she . bill no . connie ( relieved ) : ' - that 's good . because if you do not believe I do not do it , then you could not have do it . and since I do not believe you do not do it , then you know I do not do it . 7s 158 white - May 5 , 1995 page 104 . bill ( unconvince ) then who do it ? connie ( unconvince herself ) I think you do . they climb into the car , int . bill be car - ext . boston street - moving - night 158 as Bill drive through the street of Boston . connie sit next to he . they both stare off through the windshield , not talk . ~ finally connie dammit . even when he 's dead the bastard can not stop screwing up my life . bill it 's go to work out . connie we will never trust each other again , bill I trust you . connie look at he . connie you should not . I have be lie to you ever since we meet . with a sudden motion , Bill pull the car over and brake . he turn to face she . bill you do not have to tell I . connie yeah , I do - Bill speak to she very gently - he know he must make she feel safe or she might disappear from he life again . rae bill honestly , i\do not care , connie burst out in anger : connie . you do not even know who the hell I be ! her anger seem to propel she from the car . she slam the door behind she . white - May 's 5 , 1995 page 105 . 159 ext . road side - night 159 _-_ they she walk on in the beam of the headlight . Bill climb out of the car . she stop and turn on he , finally let it all pour out in one burst . connie I be not Patricia winterbourne ! I do not even know you brother . 1 meet he once . on the train . with he wife . before the crash . and then the hospital screw up , and I do not have any place to go , so ~ bill it 's okay , connie . connie explode . connie how can it be okay - she stop dead when she realize ... what be that name he just call she ? connie ( cont would ) what ? Bill watch she in the light of the headlight . bill it 's okay ... connie . 1 kind of know all that . connie just stare at he , not able to take this in . ' connie what ? bill not all the detail , but ... connie you know ? bill and it 's okay . Bill smile at she warmly . connie move slowly to he , she face full of emotion . she walk right up to he ; it feel like a romantic moment . she reach up to he face - at the last second she grab he by the lapel and yell furiously . connie why the hell do not you tell I ! revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 106 . Bill squirm away . bill ym what ? connie I be go out of my mind ! and now we get a dead guy ina motel room . she gesture to Bill , yell to the heaven . connie ( cont would ) and Bill know all the time ! _ bill well , I do not think you would kill he . connie I do not kill he ! connie sit down on the shoulder , in the gravel , lean back on the hubcap of Bill 's car , breathe heavily . Bill squat down next to she , not sure what to say . bill I ... I guess I should have be more forthcoming . connie well , I be not exactly miss honesty in this relationship . bill I be afraid to tell you because ... I think it might scare you away . besides , I fall in love with you . not with you name . he look at she ... the relief in have this huge secret lift from they be beginning to settle in . it 's as if they can both take a full breath for the first time in week . connie sigh a deep sigh , let it all go . connie T want to tell you so many time ! at first , I be just afraid . but 7 then , Grace ... if she find out hughie be not she grandson , it would ... osigh ) so I commit this major fraud and try to marry you under false _ pretense ... on ( she squint he way ) how do you feel about that ? 160 revised - yellow - May 29 , 1995 page 107 . bill well , I think all couple have they little secret . connie smile - she love that he can still joke at a time like this . Bill help she to she foot . she try to throw the next question in as casually as she can . connie so , do you kill Steve ? bill nope . . — he take she by the arm and look at she , dead serious . bill ( cont would ) but if I would know he be try to hurt you I might have . he embrace she . a comforting embrace . she rub she cheek against he , feel safe for maybe the first time in she life . _ connie so what the hell be you suppose to call I now ? bill t'11 call you whatever you like . she pull back a little , to look at he face . she can say something now that she never think she would say . connie I like connie . bill I like connie too . . * they kiss . there be no secret separate they now and the kiss be warm and close and full of love . dissolve to : ext . boston cathedral - day 160 the tower - from above . a ornate pseudo - gothic affair . we tilt down to see the huge cathedral - limo pull up to the door , people in formal wear walk up the step - include Dr. tabackin and he wife , ty winthrop , and christine and Susan . . ext . cathedral - front step - day 161 a flight of wide granite step - the kind that seem to lead straight up to heaven . 162 163 164 revised ~ blue ~ May 22 , 1995 page 108 . Grace and Father Brian greet arrive guest . int , cathedral - groom waiting room - day 162 Bill be in he morning coat , hunch over a table with the morning Paper spread over it . he find a article and focus on it . something catch he eye . whatever he read , it make he day . he snatch up the paper and run down the circular staircase . int . cathedral - MAIN chapel - day 163 from above - the wedding guest be settle into place . rainbow light from the stain glass window fill the air , ~ glitter on the cathedral and on all the fine guest - the cream of Boston society . the massive sound of a organ fill the air with wedding music . Bill run up the aisle , clutching the newspaper in one hand . ke wave to the crowd with a giddy , broad smile . bill hey , guy ! he run out a door to the leave of the altar . the crowd mutter , curious . int . cathedral - bride's waiting room - day 164 connie stand before a mirror , in she wedding gown . sunlight fall on she from the window , make tk > white dress gleam with a angelic radiance . she 's a dream bride - and a million mile away from where she start . Sophie pin connie 's veil in place . paco stand by the door , hold the baby . just then , Bill fling open the door , wind from run up the stair . connie twirl , startle . paco stand up , block he way . paco hey , you can not see she ! it 's bad luck ! Bill sidestep he . bill oh , we could not have bad luck . connie feel a chill , remember the last time she hear someone say that ~ Patricia on the train , right before the crash . Bill walk up to she , slip he arm around she with the easy comfort of love . he move close to she , he breath warm and soft in she ear . * 165 white - May 5 , 1995 page 109 . bill ( cont would ) they find the body . it 's in the paper . but it 's okay . they think it be a robbery . we do not have anything to worry about . connie shut she eye in silent relief . ext . cathedral - front step - day 165 Father Brian and Grace be still converse on the step as a few last wedding guest come in . father brian -~ glorious day , be not it ? but Grace be not listen . her attention be focus on a late model Ford , park illegally in front of the church , and on the rather weathered woman in her mid - forties , most definitely not in formal attire , who step out of it and walk up the step . she 's join by a nervous young man in a equally cheap suit . together , they walk right up to Father Brian and Grace . the woman pull out a badge with a study lack of flourish . ambrose hello , Father . Lieutenant ambrose , Boston p.d . we would like to speak with Mrs. winterbourne . Father Brian give he usual bewilder look . Grace take focus , smile graciously . grace that would be I . ambrose Patricia winterbourne ? grace that 's my daughter - in-law . May I ask what this be regard ? ambrose shift uneasily . ambrose we be investigate the murder of Stephen decunzo . Grace nod , elegantly . grace then you will be want to speak with I . ambrose and why 's that ? 166 167 white - May 5 , 1995 page 110 . grace ( still smile ) I be the one who kill he . shot he to death in that cheap motel . ambrose and Father Brian just stare for a moment . neither of they expect this word to come out of this sweet old lady . she turn to Father Brian , apologetically . grace ( cont would ) would you give we just a moment ? the Lieutenant and I need to chat . pather Brian can only partially haul himself out of he confusion . — father brian oh ? certainly ... give you a moment personal matter Father Brian wander off , puzzle and mutter . int . cathedral - bride's waiting room - day 166 Bill and connie look up as Father Brian walk into the room . he stop , mouth open . he seem to want to say something , but can not quite figure out how to phrase it . father brian uh , the ceremony may be delay slightly . bill be something wrong ? father brian you mother seem to , be confess to a murder , . you could hear a pin drop in the room . connie she must be crazy . father brian actually she look quite well . int . cathedral ~ hallway outside bride's waiting room ~- day 167 connie*and Bill burst out of the room , brush Father Brian aside , and run down the stair at full speed . just as Father Brian recover from the near-miss , paco hurry out , hand the baby off to the priest as he go by . 168 169 '' 170 white - May 5 , 1995 page lll . int . cathedral - stairway - day 168 Bill and connie tear down the stair , connie wadding up she train in she arm . int . cathedral - MAIN chapel - day 169 the guest sit about , get impatient ... suddenly , connie and Bill come run down the aisle , go in the wrong direction . the organist see they and launch into " the wedding March . " the guest come to they foot , uncertain . connie false alarm ! ~ bill as you be ! ext . cathedral - front step - day 170 Grace speak calmly to Lt. ambrose , while the nervous young man with she take note . grace he be blackmail I . I have a rather colorful past , if you must know . first I try to pay he hush money , but in the end , off he seem more effective . ambrose be you sure you do not want a lawyer present ? I think you should have a lawyer present . . connie and Bill come around the corner , out of breath . bill mother , what the hell be you do ? grace confess to the murder of ambrose Stephen decunzo . , grace exactly , connie Grace , you can not do this ! ( to the cop ) she 's just protect I . bill she do not even have a lawyer ! white - May 5 , 1995 page 112 . ambrose that 's what I tell she . -~ connie I be the one who kill he . Bill speak up . bill no , I kill he . he be a blackmailer . I go to pay he off . Lt. ambrose pull out the check . ambrose with this check ? bill yes . ambrose ( be : connie ) which she sign . bill that do not matter . I shot he . connie a he 's lie . I shot he . paco run into the scene . paco wait ! ambrose I suppose you shot he , too . paco yes . I confess . ambrose well , okay , that of you who shot he , how many time do you shoot he ? they all speak at once . connie bill grace paco once. twice . Three time . I emptied the magazine . there be a uncomfortable silence . '' 4 ambrose where do you shoot he ? white ~- May 5 , 1995 page 11 connie bill grace paco in the chest . in ee in the head . in the motel . cae of versus . — sia - ambros wes \- okay . who want to take this one ? how far away be you ? connie speak first . connie I be stand across the room and I shot he . and I would do it again . ambrose decide it 's time to cut through the crap . - ambrose he be shot twice in the heart at close range . now I do not know what the hell you all be talk about , I just come here to ask about this damned check . we know who kill he . we get the killer in the car . the Winterbournes stand in silence for a moment . then they stagger with giddy relief . bill Jesus ! ambrose I do not know what 's go on , but if ir ever commit a crime , I be sure as hell gonna wish I be part of this family . connie finally find she voice . connie you be sure you get the killer ? ambrose you want I to be wrong ? we get the gun , we get fingerprint . we even get a confession , although there seem to be a fire sale on that today . she start to go . connie . why do he do it ? ambrose it 's a she . some lover ' thing . he knock she up and try to dump she . same old story . connie take this in . iv . a : white - May 5 , 1995 page 114 . connie I want to see she . ambrose shrug and point to the Ford park at the curb . connie run down the step to the car . int . unmarked car - ext . cathedral front step - day 171 renee sit in the back of the squad car , suck down a coffee ina paper cup . she be hugely pregnant . she yell at the uniform co behind the wheel . 4 renee a how long do we gotta sit here ? ( we the Lieutenant open the door - connie look . in renee ( cont no ) C _ ms '' what be you lookin ' at ? .. o ( \\ '' ( give she another look ) do I know you ? connie yeah . renee ( laugh ) oh , yeah ! the bitch out in the rain . with the quarter . do not you die ? connie yeah . renee ( look at connie 's gown ) look good on you . connie ( not sure what to say ) I be sorry . Renee shrug . renee hey , one of we be bound to whack the bastard eventually . I be the lucky one . ambrose push by connie and climb into the car . ambrose you guy really get to learn to wait for lawyer . she slam the door and the car pull out . revised - white ~ August 5 , 1995 page 115 . 172 ext . cathedral - front step - day 172 ( 4 4 connie stand , watch the car go . Bill walk to she side . connie I want to hire she a great lawyer . one that specialize in that 's sure - i-did-it-but-can - you-blame - I ? 's defense . . bill do you know she ? connie yeah , I know she real well . connie look at the disappear car , see this vision of she former self speed away . she turn and walk up the step . Grace be there , watch she . Father Brian be at she side now , hold little hughie . connie walk up to Grace ... there 's so much to say to she and she can not think of how to begin . Grace turn to the other . grace I no like to speak with Patricia I for a moment . bill mother ~ . . connie ( take the baby ) it 's okay , Bill . the other walk back into the church , leave connie and Grace and little Hugh together . Grace turn to connie . grace who be Stephen decunzo ? connie look up at Grace , know the time for the truth have come and dread it . connie the baby 's father . Grace 's eye stay on connie ... and connie die a little inside . connie ( cont 'd ) I be never marry to Hugh . I barely know he . I wish I have . a revised - white - August 5 , 1995 page 115a . grace what be you say ? : connie I have be lie to you , Grace . I should have tell you the truth the minute we meet , but with you heart and all ... grace what truth ? connie we have no place to go . I do not want my baby to grow up like that . this be the only home I have ever have . I fall in love with you all and I do not want to leave you . I love Bill so much ... ( hesitates , indicate baby Hugh ) I '' just ... I be just so sorry he 's not really you grandson . Grace take this in ... but she know she love this girl and that this girl love she son . she take connie 's hand . grace ( quietly ) he will be . let 's go . Grace lead connie and the baby up the step of the cathedral . Grace glance down at the baby , fondly . grace ( con ’t ) my heart could stand three or four more of this . connie look at she expectantly . connie really ? Grace wait for connie so they enter the cathedral together . Grace put she arm around connie , but not before swatting she the behind . on + eee oe ce ee ~~ rovloeu - GREEN ~ vune 2 , ly¥95 page 116 . 173 int . cathedral ~ MAIN chapel - day 173 from above - the wedding . the music be fill the room . connie walk down the aisle , paco on she arm , give she away . paco be weep ~ he always cry at wedding . Bill stand at the altar , watch she . Grace sit in the front row with little Hugh in she arm . at the altar - Bill and connie stand before pather Brian . father brian do you , William hazard winterbourne , take Patricia to be you wife ? to love , honor and cherish for as long as you both shall live ? bill I do . Father Brian turn to connie , who seem lose in think . father brian do you , Patricia winterbourne , take William to be you husband ? to love , honor and cherish for as long as you both shall live ? she look at he for a beat ... connie no . there be dead silence in the cathedral . on grace - she look up - what now ? on the wedding party - Father Brian do not seem to have notice . father brian do you have a ring to show - ( realize ) Excuse I ? connie ( take a deep breath ) I , constance helen doyle ... do . all that . the crowd murmur . christine and Susan exchange a look . paco stand behind she , shaking she head - he will never figure this woman out . white - May 5 , 1995 Father Brian look around , confuse . connie glance back to Grace . Grace mouth ' who ? ' to herself , apologetically . Grace shrug , ' whatever , ' connie smile - Grace smile back . Bill make a ' wrap~it - up ' gesture to Father Brian . Bill father brian do you have the ring to show as a symbol of you love ? page 117 . connie gesture take a ring from a pocket . the same ring from the train . the ring that start it all , _ connie and Bill look at the ring for a moment , think of how Hugh and Patricia 's tragedy be what bring they together . on connie' hand on the wedding party - Bill take connie 's hand . Bill each they father brian I now pronounce you husband and wife . you may kiss the bride . ~ as Bill slip the ring on she finger . lift the veil off of connie 's face . the two of they smile at other . connie Mr. winterbourne . bill Mrs. winterbourne . move together for a sweet , loving kiss , as we : fade to black