mud written by Jeff Nichols shoot script September 16 , 2011 1 int . ellis ' room - predawn 1 ellis ( 14 ) sit fully - clothed on top of he make bed . he be a wiry young man with a few blonde hair on he upper lip struggle desperately to be a mustache . his room , cluttere with junk , be dark , quiet and tiny . a backpack and a oversize walkie- talkie sit next to he . the silence be cut by a squawk from the walkie . Ellis quickly grab it . ellis I be comin ' out now . he cram the walkie into he backpack and sling it over he shoulder . on he foot , he slide open a window at the foot of he bed . he 's out in one motion . 2 ext . houseboat - predawn 2 Ellis skirt alongside the exterior wall of he room on a two - foot - wide section of decking . he life on a houseboat anchore just off the bank of the Arkansas River . the " boat " be really the combination of a double wide trailer and a vinyl -side shack fuse together atop large flotilla . Ellis scurries to the mobile home section of the boat . he slip past a barbecue grill and settles underneath a light window . voice come from inside . slowly , Ellis get on he toe to peer through the window . 3 int . ellis ' kitchen - continuous 3 mary lee ( 41 ) take a jug of milk out of the refrigerator . senior ( 52 ) sit at a small table read a newspaper . the mobile home kitchenette be no larger than Ellis ' room . mary lee I just want to have a conversation . I just want to talk about it . Mary Lee sit down across from senior , who do not look up from he paper . her eye narrow and she extend a finger toward he . mary lee ( cont 'd ) if you do not look up from that goddamn paper ... she stop before complete the think . after a moment , senior lower he paper . he stare across the table at he wife . he look at she with true disdain . 2 . his eye trace down she face and robe before finally settling on he cup of coffee . he pick up the cup , take a sip , and set it back on the table . he raise the paper up . Mary Lee 's eye soften . she bite the inside of she cheek to keep from cry . her eye move to the kitchen window . 4 ext . ellis ' houseboat - continuous 4 Ellis quickly duck and mouth the word " shit . " he slip under the window toward a metal carport that cover a boat , fish clean station , and industrial ice machine . the entire houseboat be anchore to the shore by two thick rope tie to opposite end of the flotilla . the rope extend upward into the top of enormous pine tree . Ellis sprint across a simple , wood - planke bridge to shore . his houseboat be one of several in a row along the riverbank . 5 ext . ellis ' riverbank - continuous 5 Ellis scurries into the treeline and arrive at a dirt path . wait for he there be neckbone ( 14 ) , a scrawny kid with slicked back blonde hair wear a fugazi T-shirt . he sit atop a smallish dirt bike . Ellis hop on the back . neckbone what the shit man ? ellis suck it . drive . the bike spit up mud as they peel out down the trail . 6 ext . riverbank - predawn 6 from a distance , the single headlight of the dirt bike snake up and down , in and out of tree along the riverbank . on the bike , the sound of the engine rip through fog and tree illuminate by the strain headlight . 7 ext . riverbank - dawn 7 the boy emerge from behind a sand cover hill . now on foot , they be silhouett against a light blue , morning sky . neckbone how old be she ? ellis a junior . 3. at a collection of tree grow out of the water , the boy move branch away from a tarp cover boat . neckbone she 's get nice titty . you talk to she ? ellis Nah . neckbone you be gonna have to talk to she . ellis I know . neckbone remind I when we get back to my house , Galen 's get a book on that . neckbone take a spot up front in the small , flat- bottom boat . Ellis , a foot on the bank and one in the boat , launch they out into the water . 8 ext . river - morning 8 a chunk of neckbone 's grease back hair bob in the wind as they cruise down river . Ellis steer a small 15 horsepower motor . a orange sun be come up now . neckbone 's eye lock on what 's in front of they . Ellis kill the motor . neckbone stand up , a serious look on he face . neckbone shit . Ellis raise up behind he . he take a deep breath , nod . neckbone ( cont 'd ) you dad would kill we he know we go out there . ellis I be not worried about my dad killin ' we . the MISSISSIPPI river sprawl out in front of they . it 's enormous . they boat drift at the mouth of the Arkansas , a small river by comparison . the Mississippi be a swirl mess of brown water and yellow foam six football field wide . neckbone what if it sink ? 4. ellis it be not gonna sink . we gotta move if we be gonna make it back . set you watch . we will need a good fifteen minute . neckbone set a alarm on he fat plastic wristwatch . they take they seat . Ellis crank the motor . the small boat slowly chug out onto the massive river . 9 ext . MISSISSIPPI river - morning 9 the boat lurch through the murky , rush water . neckbone have both hand firmly plant on the boat 's edge . Ellis try to handle the motor which have little impact against this current . the tail end of the boat swing to the right . Ellis flinch and grab a edge to steady himself . the front of the boat bob toward a island in the middle of the river . neck turn to Ellis and point . neckbone there it be ! 10 ext . island shore - day 10 the boy splash down in ankle deep water . they take hold of the front of the boat and drag it onto the muddy shore . neckbone jog to a tree line in the center of the island . Ellis snatch up he backpack and follow . 11 ext . island wood - continuous 11 the island , only 60 some yard in diameter , be separate by a clump of tall tree that form a wood area in its center . the tree make it so you can not see from one side of the island to the other . neckbone Galen think it 's be here awhile . thinks the last flood do it . Ellis follow as neckbone wind through the tree . they stop at a deep creek that cut across the island . neckbone look to he right , then he leave . see what he 's look for . neckbone ( cont 'd ) it 's down there . a fall tree trunk that straddle the creek . Ellis start across . 5 . neckbone ( cont 'd ) hold it . neckbone pick a large stone up off the ground . neckbone ( cont 'd ) look . eight foot below the tree trunk , a nest of water moccasin curl around in the creek . neckbone drop the stone on top of they . the snake fan out . neckbone ( cont 'd ) Little shit . they mud-cake high - top stomp across the trunk . 12 ext . island wood - day 12 the boy stop near the base of a large tree and stare up . Ellis crane he neck back . awestruck . neckbone so there it be . ellis yeah , there it be . a 26 Foot Long boat sit nestle in the tree limb above . 13 ext . boat in tree - moment later 13 the boy scale up the tree from low lie branch . Ellis , hand on the edge of the boat , get a leg over the side and pull himself onto the deck . he reach down and help to drag neckbone on board . they get to they foot , steadying themselves on the wooden deck . it 's solid . they take in they new vantage point . ellis it come down from up there . Ellis point to higher limb that have long be break off . neckbone walk to the back of the boat and hang he head over . he find a gape hole of gut wood . neckbone motor break off . Ellis be not concerned with the motor . his eye be lock on a cover cabin at the front of the boat . ellis who else know about this ? 6 . neckbone just I and Galen . ellis what 's he think ? neckbone he do not care about it . ellis good . Ellis walk to the cabin . he push a vinyl door open . ellis ( cont 'd ) ' Cause this boat 's ours . Ellis have to duck down to go inside . neckbone follow . 14 int . boat cabin - continuous 14 Ellis , stooping over , make he way into the tiny cabin room . yellow floral curtain , stain with age , cover a row of window that wrap around the top of the cabin . this provide a odd glow in a otherwise dark , wood panele space . there be a bench with rotted out cushion to the leave . to the right , a mold - cover sink and mirror . neckbone peer over Ellis ' shoulder at the front of the cabin room . a small booth sit to the right across from a miniature toilet partially shield by a open door . neckbone it 's get its own shitbox neckbone slide back a portion of floral curtain and light stream in . he start open small closet and drawer . Ellis plop down on the rotted bench cushion . ellis this be perfect . neckbone Ho - Lee -shit . neckbone stare in a open drawer . he remove a stack of playboys from the 1980' . Ellis smile at he . he lean back and prop he foot against the sink cabinet across from he . this be home . neckbone open the first playboy . it disintegrate . neckbone ( cont 'd ) aw shit . 7. as he scramble to gather the fall page , Ellis notice a dry boot print next to he foot . he lower he shoe from the cabinet leave a smaller , muddy print of he own . he lean in to examine the larger print . the impression of a cross have be leave in the heel . neckbone ( cont 'd ) her tit be so small . Ellis reach out and trace he finger in the groove of the cross mark . his eye narrow as he re-survey the cabin . on the table across from the toilet , he notice several empty can of beanie weenie . in the booth , he see a grocery bag . Ellis slowly raise up and go over to it . ellis neck . neckbone look at that beave . you gotta see this . Ellis reach out for the plastic bag . his finger pull back the edge to reveal its content : one can of unopen beanie weenie and half a loaf of bread . ellis neck . Ellis reach for the bread and give it a squeeze . it 's fresh . Ellis freeze . neckbone what ? ellis someone 's here . neckbone what ? Ellis hold the loaf of bread up to neckbone . ellis someone 's livin ' here . neckbone see the grocery bag . his eye widen . the boy be stone freeze . they listen for other sound . silence . beep ! beep ! beep ! both boy flinch at the sharp sound . neckbone 's hand fly to cover the alarm on he wristwatch . 8. neckbone shit . ellis we gotta go . I can not be late . 15 ext . base of boat tree - moment later 15 they drop out of the tree and hit the ground run . 16 ext . island wood / creek - moment later 16 the boy ' foot rush across the tree trunk bridge the creek . 17 ext . island shore - moment later 17 they launch out of the treeline and sprint to they boat . neckbone grab the side and start push the boat to the water . Ellis sling he backpack in and join he . suddenly , Ellis straighten up , leave neckbone to struggle . neckbone what be you do ? Ellis stare at a muddy boot print , cross in the heel , stamp in the center of they boat . he look back to the treeline , then down the shore . he look to he foot . the boy ' shoe print make chaotic pattern in the mud . larger boot print lead off down the shoreline . neckbone ( cont 'd ) what be it ? ellis ( pointing ) I see that same boot print up in the tree . it have a cross in the heel . somebody 's be in we boat . neckbone shit. let 's go . Ellis begin follow the boot print around the shoreline . neckbone ( cont 'd ) we gotta go if you wanna make it back . ( no response ) you dad 's gonna kick we ass . it will take twice as long goin ' up river . ellis hold it . 9 . Ellis stop and point ahead of they . ellis ( cont 'd ) up there . they stop . neckbone take the lead , walk up to the last boot print . they appear to vanish . neckbone where the hell would he go ? ellis I do not know . neckbone turn and freeze . a man have appear in the distance behind Ellis . he stand between the boy and they boat . Ellis notice the look on neckbone 's face and turn . he flinch at the sight of the man . mud ( 38 ) stand near the boy ' boat hold a pink , child 's fishing pole with cartoon character on it . he stare back at they and cast he fishing line into the water . neckbone shit . you know that guy ? ellis I have never see he before . neckbone shit . mud , not take he eye off the boy , slowly reel in he line . his hair be a wild mop that lead to two week of growth on he face . with a cigarette clinch , he crack a smile revealing a missing canine . he hold a hand in the air as if to wave . neckbone ( cont 'd ) shit . neckbone slowly raise he hand up to wave back . mud wear jeans and cowboy boot . his filthy button - up shirt look like it have not leave he body in year . he break he stare with the boy . continue to reel in he line , he walk over to they . mud what you say ? the boy do not respond . mud walk past they and cast again . 10 . mud ( cont 'd ) helluva thing . ellis what 's that ? mud take the cigarette from he mouth . a tattoo of a snake 's head cover the top of he right hand . two large cotton blossom spill out of its jaw . mud Boat in the tree . it 's a helluva thing . mud continue walk down the shoreline , reeling in he bait . the boy follow , tentatively . ellis you talkin ' ' bout we boat ? mud I be talkin ' about my boat . neckbone we find it . mud you find it with I livin ' in it . possession be nine tenth of the law . neckbone so ? mud do not tell I you boy be from Mississippi ? ellis no . they watch as he grab the bait at the end of he line and spit on it . then , tucking the pole under he arm , he tie a lock of he hair into a knot . he finish this process with another cast . ellis ( cont 'd ) you get cross in you heel . mud Nails . shape like cross . ellis what for ? 11 . mud Ward off evil spirit . a man I call a indian but be meskin say they be Seven -league boot wear by the seventh son of a seventh son . told I it would turn I into a werewolf but that 's a lie . I do not know nothin ' about that . Ellis , confuse , will not take he eye off the man . mud ( cont 'd ) they just good luck , but so far they be not be workin ' too well . ( miss tooth smile ) what 's you name ? mud seem easy to smile , which soften he otherwise coarse look . his word spill from the mouth rapidly , without much think for punctuation . neckbone , emboldene by this fact , step forward to answer . neckbone I be neckbone , he 's Ellis , and mister you may be stone ass crazy but I know you be not the owner of that boat , not for nine tenth of nothin' . mud neckbone ? that 's a real handle son . where ya will from ? neckbone what do you care where we be from ? ellis dewitt . neckbone look at Ellis , frustrated by he friend . mud Arkansas boy . ya will have I worried for a second . mud , pleased by this news , tuck the fishing pole under he arm and hold out a hand to shake . Ellis stare at the hand , unsure . he take it reluctantly . ellis we s'pose to know you ? mud I doubt it . I grow up `round here , but I have be go awhile . 12 . ellis where around here ? mud different place . spend a lot of time back up near the White . ellis you know shelly 's oxbow ? neckbone can not believe he friend be offer this up . neckbone Ellis . we gotta go . mud I know it . guy name Tom blankenship use to live back in there . ellis he still do . his boat 's cross from mine . mud smile . mud ai not that somethin' . in one motion , mud flick he cigarette away and grab a pack out of he shirt pocket . mud ( cont 'd ) I like you two . you remind I of I . and see how you boy be from Arkansas and we know some people and sound like we all from the same place I would say we can make a deal here about somethin' . ellis a deal for what ? mud food . food for a boat . neckbone this guy 's a bum Ellis . come on . mud 's smile vanish . neckbone begin to walk off but begrudgingly stop when Ellis start back in . ellis why do not you go get you own food ? 13. mud I would if I could , but I tell somebody I would meet `em here . so I be stick for now and what I get 's runnin ' low . neckbone walk back and pull Ellis by the arm . neckbone he 's a bum Ellis , let 's go . mud lay a serious look down on neckbone . mud I be no bum . I get money . you can call I a hobo `cause a hobo will work for he live and you can call I homeless `cause that 's true for now , but if you call I a bum again I will have to teach you something ' about respect that you daddy never do . neckbone 's confidence recede . Ellis stand he ground . ellis when they show up , you will leave ? mud begin fishing again . mud yeah . ellis and when you leave , that boat 's ours ? mud yeah . Ellis study mud 's face , clothes , tattoo . he 's think about it . mud pause from fishing to make eye contact . mud ( cont 'd ) I be in a tight spot . I just need a little help . ellis we gotta go . with that , Ellis turn to leave . the boy walk briskly back to they boat . Ellis look over he shoulder to see mud make another cast with he fishing pole . 18 ext . MISSISSIPPI river - moment later 18 Ellis motor they away from the island . 14 . ellis you get he name ?! neckbone no ! Ellis look back . mud have disappear . 19 ext . ellis ' houseboat - day 19 senior heave a enormous , white cooler into the bed of he weathered pick - up truck . the truck be park at a angle on a concrete boat ramp next to they houseboat . the bed of the truck be jam - pack with six of the big , white cooler . the SOUND of a dirt bike rattles through the tree . senior look up , wiping he brow with a handkerchief . Ellis leap out of the treeline and run to the pick -up . his hand hit he knee , out of breath . ellis I be sorry . senior where you be ? ellis neck and I get catch up helpin' Galen . senior you be s' pose to be helpin ' I . I have to load this myself . ellis I know , I be sorry . senior just get in the back . can not be later than we be . ellis yessir . senior flip up the tailgate . Ellis hop up the wheel well and into the bed of the truck . he steady himself on one of the cooler as he father pull away . ext . dewitt / montage - day series of image : 15 . 20 - Ellis look around as he ride in the bed of the pick - up 20 truck . he 's propped up on a cooler against the back window . the truck work its way down a two - lane highway . a20 - driving , they pass a marina junkyard fill with old boat a20 and sailing paraphernalia . b20 - downtown dewitt . a gas station . a Clinic . row of red b20 brick building , some abandon , a small furniture store . c20 - park , Ellis fill a grocery sack up with Ziplock bag full c20 of white fish and ice out of the cooler . - he hop out of the truck and run the sack of fish to the front door of a house . a elderly black man wait there . 21 ext . sonic drive - in - day 21 Ellis sit in the bed of the truck eat a chili dog . senior be up front wolfing down a cheeseburger . a group of teenager be gather around a cluster of park car in the corner of the lot . they meander between the vehicle , smoking , gossipe , pass around a bottle of boone 's farm . Ellis watch they . may pearl ( 16 ) appear in the middle of the Group laugh with she girlfriend . she 's pretty and physically more mature look than Ellis . he watch as a skinny kid take he ballcap off and put it on May Pearl 's head . she sniff the cap , gag and toss it back at he . her friend laugh . senior let 's go son . Ellis crumple the wrapper to he finish hotdog and jump down from the bed of the truck . 22 I /e. senior' truck / two - lane road - moving - day 22 Ellis ride up front with he father . senior be a reserve man , older than Ellis ' mother by several year . he 's get thinning hair under the cap that only leave he head when he sleep . he reach into he shirt pocket and fish out a fold of cash . he slip out a five dollar bill and hand it to Ellis . ellis it 's s'pose to be ten . 16 . senior it 's ten you do you share . I load this mornin ' . that make it five . Ellis begrudgingly stuff the five in he jeans . ellis you drop I at neck 's ? senior check he pants pocket , feel around under he seat . senior have not you see enougha he today ? ellis Said he have something for I . senior you see anymore ding dong over there ? Ellis check under he seat and pull out a half - empty box of ding dong . hand one over to he father who rip the package with he tooth . ellis what would momma wanna talk to you about ? senior what ? ellis this mornin ' , what would she wanna talk with you about ? senior you spy on I in my own house ? ellis I be not spyin ' , just hear ya will . senior that 's you mother 's business . senior make this he answer , eat the ding Dong . 23 ext . neckbone's trailer - day 23 neckbone sit on the front step of he trailer read a comic book . the muffle sound of the Beach boy ' " help I Rhonda " play off a record inside . senior 's truck pull away as Ellis walk up the entrance to the trailer park . 17 . ellis I come by for that book . neckbone what book ? ellis you say Galen have a book might help I out . neckbone aw , yeah . we gotta give it a minute . you hear that music ? ellis yeah . neckbone that mean he 's doin ' it . that 's he doin ' it song . Ellis take a seat next to neckbone . they listen to the song , slightly craning they neck to pick up on any other sound . there be none . ellis you know who it be ? neckbone whoever 's drivin ' that white dodge . neckbone motion to a beat up dodge shadow in the yard . ellis you tell Galen ' bout this morning ? neckbone Nah . you tell anybody ? ellis no . neckbone that guy be crazy . ellis maybe . I do not know . I think he just need some help . neckbone well he can swim he ass off that island and get some . ellis I think I be gonna go back , take he some food . 18. neckbone why ? suddenly , the music from inside stop . footstep approach and the trailer door fly open , almost hit the boy . a girl ( 28 ) burst out down the step , straight to she car . she wear tight jean -short and be buttone a white shirt . she stop and turn back to the boy . girl you be neckbone right ? neckbone yeah . girl you look like a good enough kid . a word of advice , do not grow up to be like you shit heel uncle . the boy can not take they eye off she cleavage reveal under she half - buttone shirt . a necklace with three misshapen pearl hang from she neck . girl ( cont 'd ) hey ! she snap the boy ' attention up to she eye . girl ( cont 'd ) you hear I ? you treat a woman like a princess . get it ?! neckbone yeah . the trailer door open and galen ( 36 ) emerge . he 's a big , lumber guy wear a full - body wet suit pull halfway down . a fade mermaid tattooe in the middle of he chest . galen come on baby . girl I 'm a goddamn princess !!! the girl yank off the necklace and hurl it at Galen . he brushes finger through he thick mustache . galen that 's uncall for . he walk out to she . she head for the dodge shadow . 19 . galen ( cont 'd ) ( trailing off ) a lot of people be comfortable with that kind of thing in the bedroom . some people be not . we know that about you now ... Ellis see one of the misshapen pearl at he foot . he pick it up and hold it to the sun . neckbone pearl . Galen find them in some of the mussel shell . most of ' they be not worth dick , but he like to make necklace for the girl . come on , let 's get that book . neckbone walk into the trailer . Ellis stand up and retrieve the other two pearl out of the dirt . he cram they in he pocket and follow neckbone inside . 24 int . neckbone's trailer - continuous 24 the trailer be decorate in the filth of a true bachelor pad . neckbone make he way to a bedroom . he toss clothes and trash around to get to what he 's look for . a cardboard box . he pull the box onto the bed and sift through . neckbone I do not want you goin ' back out there by yourself . that river 's scary enough with two people , and I do not trust that guy . ( find something ) here it be . he take out a hardback book . the slip read , " the confident confidant , communicate with the opposite sex . " neckbone ( cont 'd ) Galen say this really turn thing around for he . ellis thanks . Ellis flip delicately through the manual . 25 ext . neckbone's trailer - continuous 25 Galen watch as the girl 's dodge shadow pull away . the boy step out of the trailer . neckbone you really go back out there ? 20 . ellis I think it 's the right thing to do . neckbone well ... I will be over in the mornin ' then . Galen , he thumb tuck under he armpit , walk back to the trailer . he pass the boy and notice the self - help book in Ellis ' hand . galen ( without stopping ) that 's a good book . be sure you do the worksheet in the back . let 's get some dinner neck . Galen 's go inside . neckbone I will call ' fore I come . ellis all right . neckbone follow he uncle into the trailer . Ellis flip through he new book as he head out of the trailer park . 26 ext . ellis ' houseboat - night 26 by the time Ellis make it to he houseboat , the sun have disappear behind the horizon . he cross the make- shift plank and enter through a screen door by the carport . 27 int . ellis ' houseboat - den - night - continuous 27 Mary Lee flinch when she see Ellis come through the door . her face be flushed . senior stand toe to toe with she . they stare at Ellis , who have pause in the doorway . he do not say anything , just look curiously at he parent . senior storm past Ellis and be out the door . Ellis step further into the de . Mary Lee try to straighten herself , patting down she hair and dabbing at she eye with the back of she hand . ellis you okay momma ? mary lee yes . 21 . she walk into the kitchen keep Ellis at she back . she turn on the sink and begin scrubbing at a dish . mary lee ( cont 'd ) do you need I to fix you something ' ? have you eat ? ellis I be all right . Mary Lee shut off the water and let the dish rest in the sink . she turn to Ellis . mary lee I be gonna turn in . ellis okay momma . Mary Lee slip past he and enter she bedroom . the door close and Ellis be leave alone in the de . it 's quiet . he wait , look at the door he mother just close . Ellis walk into the kitchen and ease open a cabinet door . check over he shoulder , he zip he backpack open and fill it with canned food . 28 ext . tom blankenship' houseboat - day 28 hand pump the stock of a high - power pellet gun . tom blankenship ( 67 ) , white hair cut high and tight wear a short - sleeve button up , take careful aim with the pellet gun . Tom sit in a lawn chair atop the roof of he houseboat . he squeeze he leave eye shut . a snake 's head poke out of the water about 15 yard off he boat . the head make for a target no bigger than a thumb . Tom 's leave eye snap open and he fire . the pellet rip through the snake 's head . its body float to the surface . Tom take account of he shot as he pump the air rifle . he scan the water for more target . 29 ext . ellis ' houseboat - continuous 29 Ellis watch Tom blankenship from across the bayou . Tom 's boat sit directly opposite Ellis ' , separate by 30 yard of muddy brown water . Ellis lean against a post under the carport . his backpack rest at he foot , he hold the walkie-talkie in he hand . senior work behind he wash utensil in the outdoor sink . 22. ellis what do you know about Tom blankenship ? senior what ? senior do not turn around from he work at the sink . ellis Mr. blankenship , what do you know about he ? senior why ? ellis I do not know . he look lonely over there . senior some people move to this river to work on it , and some move here to be leave alone . senior make he way to the ice machine and begin scoop ice into a large white cooler . Mary Lee emerge from the houseboat dress for work , a secretarial job . senior stop what he 's do to watch she . she walk over to Ellis . mary lee let 's sit down for dinner tonight okay ? will you make it home by seven ? ellis yes mar 'am . she walk off the boat without a glance in senior 's direction . he trail she with he eye before go back to digging in the ice . a29 Ellis look back at Tom . the walkie squawks out several a29 loud beeps . Ellis cram it in he backpack and run off the boat . ellis ( cont 'd ) bye dad . senior hold a hand up but never look up from he work . 23. 30 ext . island shore - day 30 Water lap at the shore of the island . Ellis and neckbone drag they boat onto the muddy bank . neckbone where you think he 's at ? ellis I guess we should try the boat . they head for the treeline . 31 ext . base of boat tree - day 31 the boy emerge from the wood , they attention focus up to the boat hover in the tree some twenty foot above they . Ellis notice the remnant of a fire on the ground . a log push up next to it for a seat . Ellis kick at the ash . ellis look like he make camp . neckbone ( look up to the boat ) you think he 's up there ? mud ( o.s. ) I do not know if ya will would come back . the boy spin around . they survey the wood but no one 's there . they eye drift up to find mud sit in a tree , he leg dangle off a branch . ellis what be you doin ' ? mud bound down , step from limb to trunk to the ground . it 's a agile move . mud I try to never sleep in the same place twice . what you get there ? mud motion with he head to the backpack in Ellis ' hand . Ellis hold it out to he . ellis I bring you some food . mud look at the backpack , but do not move . ellis ( cont 'd ) go on . 24 . mud take the backpack and walk over to the ash of he campfire . he squat with he back to the boy and unzip the bag . hunkere down , mud 's shirttail ride up over the lip of he jeans revealing a pistol at he backside . Ellis see this and motion to neckbone . the boy stand they ground , cautious . mud I owe you boy . keeping the bag in hand , mud take a seat on the stump behind he . he pull out a selection of can food ; pumpkin pie fill , evaporate milk , green bean . he grab the bean . mud ( cont 'd ) I be gonna try runnin ' a trot line today . see how far that would get I . mud remove a good-size fold knife from he pocket and make short order of the can lid . he tip the can up let the bean fall into he mouth . juice flow down he cheek . mud ( cont 'd ) ( a mouthful ) I would be rationin ' what I have ... green bean never taste so good . the can be quickly emptied , juice run down mud 's chin . he straighten he back , choke down the final swallow . he see the boy stare at he and catch himself . mud ( cont 'd ) I appreciate it . ellis yeah . neckbone what you get that pistol for ? mud wipe off he chin , realize the boy have be study he . he close the knife and tuck it in he pocket . mud for protection . mud get up , head for a duffel bag tuck under a nearby tree . the boy pivot , keep mud in front of they . mud notice . mud ( cont 'd ) ya will do not have to be afraid of I . I have two way to protect myself out here . this shirt , and this pistol . ( more ) 25 . mud ( cont 'd ) there be fierce power at work in the world boy . good , evil , poor luck , best luck . Men have to take advantage where they can . mud remove a spool of fishing line and a small plastic tackle box . he scoops up the duffel bag and head into the wood . mud ( cont 'd ) ya will comin ' ? 32 neckbone look to Ellis , who walk after mud into the 32 tree . ellis who 's this guy you be waitin ' on ? mud I be not waitin ' for a guy . I be waitin ' on my girlfriend . juniper . neckbone be she hot ? mud she 's beautiful . neckbone ( coughing ) bullshit . mud best lookin ' girl I have ever see . hand down . blonde hair . Long leg . she 's like a dream you do not want to wake up from . she 's get bird tattooe on she hand , here . mud stop , point to the area on the top of he right hand , between he thumb and pointer finger . mud ( cont 'd ) nightingale . good luck bird . neckbone that a good luck snake ? mud no it be not . neckbone I hate snake . mud that 's because God make they for we to fear . ( more ) 26 . mud ( cont 'd ) it 's a thing we know to be afraid of before we even get into this world . 33 they emerge from the wood onto the downstream coast of 33 the island . it look different than the other shoreline . a large swath of red clay angle sharply into the water . mud ( cont 'd ) Cherokee would wrap snake skin around they pregnant woman 's belly . induce labor , scare the child out . here . he fetch a length of rope out of the duffel bag and toss it to neckbone . mud ( cont 'd ) set that `round you bed at night . snake will not cross braid rope . neckbone thanks . ( nod to mud 's tattoo ) so what 's that for then ? mud walk to a tree branch that have grow out over the bank , nearly rest in the water . he set a trot line from it . mud a reminder . do not get bit . I be 10 , swimmin ' `bout a mile up from here . I and juniper . sonofabitch swim right up under I , bit I just below the armpit . June get I out , get I to a clinic . Doctor say I shoulda be dead in twenty minute . take we a hour just to get back to town . neckbone what would they do ? mud gave I antivenom . for a cotton mouth . see here . mud show the tattoo on top of he right hand . he point out the two cotton blossom bulg from the snake 's mouth . mud ( cont 'd ) Problem with antivenom be they can only give it to you once . it 's make from horse blood . you body would reject it a second time . the cure end up be more dangerous than the poison . 27 . ellis what happen if you get bit again ? mud I die , or just sweat it out . neckbone , not buy it , look at Ellis and tap he watch . ellis we gotta go help neck 's uncle . mud all right . ellis you never say you name . mud mud . you can call I mud. ellis mud ? mud m-u-d. neckbone toss the braid rope back . it land at he foot . neckbone here you go , mud . I think you need that worse than I do . mud ( smiling ) I will be all right . the boy disappear back into the tree . 34 int . gary electric shop - day 34 a switch click " on " . blinding light emit from two flood lamp encase in plastic shell . the switch click " off " and the light dim to the dull orange glow of they filament . galen they look bright enough . the owner of the shop , a electrician ( 62 ) , hold up a metal bar with the lamp affix by bolt at either end . electrician should be . I rig DC power up through marine battery . make it portable . gave you a rigging bar to set on you shoulder . 28 . galen so you really think this will work under water ? electrician in theory . 35 ext . gary electric / piggly wiggly parking lot - continuous 35 Ellis and neckbone sit on the tailgate of Galen 's truck . the Gary 's electric sign hang behind they . neckbone focus on a carburetor in he hand . Ellis stare across the street at the piggly wiggly parking lot where the rove group of teenager have collect for the afternoon . the teenager be up to they typical gossip and minor offense . Ellis have zeroed in on May Pearl again . neckbone you start datin ' I bet she dad ' will give you a free pick - up truck . ellis I do not care about that . Ellis watch as the same skinny kid from before try to flirt with she . she 's not have it . he pop she bra strap before landing the final straw , a smack on she ass . she turn and swat at he . see this , Ellis be on he foot and crossing the street . neckbone what 's goin ' on ? Ellis do not turn back . neckbone reluctantly set the carburetor down and follow . 36 ext . piggly wiggly parking lot - continuous 36 may pearl stop it ! she shove the skinny kid , but he continue laugh . ellis ( o.s. ) hey . Ellis tap the kid on the shoulder . as he turn , Ellis punch he in the face . the kid , completely take off guard , stumble and trip to the ground . some older , tougher look guy see this and begin laugh at he . 29 . older kid Holy shit pryor , get off you ass . pryor collect himself and get off the ground . ego bruise , he walk off mumble . the older kid keep riding he . May Pearl size up Ellis . may pearl you do not have to do that . ellis he be messin ' with you . may pearl do I know you ? ellis I be Ellis . that 's neck . neckbone wave by wag a finger in the air . ellis ( cont 'd ) we go to junior High with you , before you go to High School . may pearl how old be you ? ellis fourteen . may pearl fourteen ? you know you just punch a senior ? ellis so ? may pearl you think you be pretty tough . Ellis shrug , not want to deny it . may pearl ( cont 'd ) I be May Pearl . ellis I know . may pearl what else do you know ? ellis nothin' . she smile . 30 . something catch neckbone 's attention . he crane he neck forward to get a better look . neckbone Son of a bitch ... Ellis ? Ellis break away from he conversation with May Pearl . ellis what ? neckbone look . neckbone nod to a cheap motel call the executive inn locate on the opposite side of the piggly wiggly parking lot . juniper ( 35 ) , a truly beautiful woman squeeze into tight jeans and a low cut top , make she way from the motel parking lot to the piggly wiggly . she pass in front of the cluster of teenager . all of the boy have take note . some cat call from the crowd . juniper , without face the teenager , give they the finger . neckbone ( cont 'd ) you ever see that girl before ? ellis no . do you see she hand ? may pearl hello ? Ellis catch himself and turn back to May Pearl . ellis sorry . we know a guy we think might know that girl . may pearl oh. a girlfriend ( 17 ) of May Pearl 's call out to she . girlfriend May Pearl ! let 's go ! may pearl okay ! ellis I guess I will see you . 30a . may pearl if you can find my phone number , you should call it . 31 . ellis I can find it . May Pearl walk over to she friend . Ellis watch she go , but then remember juniper . he turn to neckbone . ellis ( cont 'd ) where would she go ? neckbone into the piggly wiggly . she come from the motel . ellis I be gonna go see if it 's she . neckbone I gotta go check on Galen . we will pick you up out front . Ellis head for the piggly wiggly . neckbone call after he . neckbone ( cont 'd ) what would she say ? ellis want I to call she . neckbone shit . 37 int . piggly wiggly - day 37 Ellis walk past the grocery aisle look for the girl . he spot she by the potato chip . he tuck behind a display of stack can and watch . juniper reach for a bag of chip , bird tattooe on she hand . Ellis smile . it 's she , and she really be beautiful . she turn down the aisle , come right for he . he pretend to peruse the can food and notice that it 's a big display of beanie weenie . he grab two handfuls as she pass . Ellis take the can to a open register . as a cashier scan and bag he item , he crane he neck look for she . she 's disappear into another section of the store . Ellis pay in crumpled cash . a horn honk . he see Galen 's truck idling out front . he grab the bag and run out . 38 ext . galen' truck / piggly wiggly parking lot - continuous 38 neckbone wait at the open passenger door . neckbone be it she ? 32 . ellis it 's she . I see the tattoo . he be not lyin' . neckbone ( looking back ) no he be not . 39 ext . ellis ' houseboat - night 39 by the time Ellis make it back home , the sun have go from the sky . he cross the makeshift plank to board he house . senior ( o.s. ) Home for dinner ? Ellis be startle by he father 's voice . senior sit in a lawn chair under the eave of the carport . he 's hide in shadow , save for a red glow from the tip of he cigarette . ellis what you hidin ' for ? senior I be not hidin' . he notice senior tip back a pint of liquor and set it at he foot . Ellis open the screen door lead inside . senior ( cont 'd ) come over here . Ellis let the door fall shut and skulk over to a beam that support the carport . he lean into it . senior ( cont 'd ) you know I love you ? ellis yessir . I know . senior I work you hard ' cause life be work . you know that ? ellis yessir . senior you mamma 's be talkin ' ' bout movin ' in town . ellis what 's that mean ? 33. senior she seem set on it . want to separate . she may ask I for a divorce . this hit Ellis like a ton of brick . he rights himself . ellis what 's that mean for I ? senior it mean enjoy the river son . enjoy it while you live on it , ' cause this way a life be not long for this world . game and fish 's ' bout make certain of that . ellis but you and I can still live out here . game and fish can not take you boat . not while you be still in it . senior the houseboat 's in you mother 's name . her daddy give it to she not I . if she want to leave it , game and Fish have ever ' right to take this boat apart board by board . ellis but that be not right . you work outta here . we get the ice machine , the trap . what be we suppose to do ? senior like I say , this be you mother 's business . ellis I be not no townie . I be not livin ' like that . senior take a slow pull off the bottle . Ellis ' mind race . senior I have let you down . a man should be in charge of he own affair , but I have not work it like that . ellis but ya will be marry . ya will be s'pose to love each other . senior I do not know about that anymore . 34 . Ellis be speechless . after a moment , he turn to go inside . senior ( cont 'd ) Ellis ? he stop and turn back to he father . senior try to express a sentiment he do not have the word for . Ellis continue inside . 40 int . ellis ' houseboat - den - continuous 40 Mary Lee sit hunch at the make dinner table . she run she finger around the rim of a half empty glass of iced tea . it 's a full spread with fry chicken , mashed potato , and a salad . the table be set for two . she 's be wait . Ellis let the front door slam shut behind he . she sit up . mary lee you be late . Ellis do not speak , he do not look at she . he enter he room and shut the door . he 's hear the news and she know it . Mary Lee 's face drop . 41 int . ellis ' room - continuous 41 Ellis sling he backpack down , pace the small room . he stop and lean he forehead against the door . the sound of he mother clear the table seep through . he kick the door , crack its shitty composite wood . his face flushed and he breathe heavy , he slide to a seat . on the verge of hyperventilate , he stare out the dark bedroom window try to get control of he breathe . Ellis look at he backpack . it have spill open revealing a can of beanie weenie . Ellis study the can . he look back to the window . his breathe settles . quickly , he scoops up the backpack and head out the window . 42 ext . MISSISSIPPI river - night 42 it 's pitch black . the only light come from the moon 's reflection off the surface of the water . Ellis , eye wide , navigate the small boat through choppy black water . 35 . 43 ext . island shore - night 43 Ellis struggle to pull the boat onto shore . leave it half in the water , Ellis look around . no sign of mud . he size up the dark wood . he remove a flashlight from he backpack and shine it down the shoreline . still nothing . Ellis follow the beam of light into the wood . 44 ext . island wood - night 44 Ellis stand at the creek that cut through the island . he can make out a campfire glow through tree in the distance . a rustling behind he . he swing the light around . nothing but tree . Ellis take a deep breath . find the log to cross , he shine he light down into the creek . the nest of snake show they back . 45 ext . base of boat tree - night 45 a campfire burn at the base of the tree . the firelight illuminate the belly of the boat that rest 20 foot above . Ellis , he flashlight off , crouch behind a tree and watch the campsite . there be no one there . he look into the black forest behind he , think of go back . a twig snap in the distance and he 's back on guard . Ellis nervously scan the wood before finally step into the light of the campfire . the SOUND of a gun 's hammer draw back click behind he . Ellis freeze . mud emerge from the tree , a .45 extend toward Ellis ' back . mud Ellis ? Ellis , still freeze , slowly turn to he . mud huff out a laugh and drop the pistol to he side . mud ( cont 'd ) what be you doin ' out here ? Ellis slowly raise the backpack in he hand . ellis I get you some beanie weenie . mud tuck the pistol into he jeans and accept the backpack . 36 . mud I appreciate that , but I do not expect you out here at night . mud take a seat on the log and transfer the can into he own duffel bag . he hold up a can of the beanie weenie . mud ( cont 'd ) look at that . you really know how to do somebody right . I do not wanna say anything before , but it 's hard to make a meal out of pumpkin pie fill . ellis that 's all my mom have . mud I be not complainin' . ellis can I get one of that ? mud they be yours to begin with . Ellis sit as mud hand he a can . they eat . ellis I miss my dinner . mud that 's good right ? ellis ( mouth full ) you be out here too long . mud laugh . finish the can , he take a half - smoke cigarette from he shirt pocket . he pull a twig from the fire for a light . ellis ( cont 'd ) the girl you be waitin ' on , she 's you girlfriend ? mud juniper . yeah . ellis how would you meet she ? mud we grow up together . ellis do you love she ? 37 . mud I do . the first time I see she be on this river . just up from here . she save my life . ellis from the snake bite . mud that 's right . I be young than you be now , but when I come to in the hospital and she be there , it be like the world split open , come back together new . everything change . I know from then on I would do anything for she . ellis why be not ya will marry ? mud I have ask . several time . Marriage just do not work for some people . Ellis think on this . ellis my dad say my parent may be gettin ' a divorce . mud I be sorry to hear that . ellis if it happen , and my mom move we off the river , they say the government can come take we boat away . mud who say that ? ellis everybody . they pass a law so you can not sell you boat . can not rent it . if the owner leave , they get you . game and Fish want `em off the river . mud I have never be one to trust the government on matter of personal property , but if you parent love each other , there 's always a chance . ( more ) 38 . mud ( cont 'd ) people just sometimes forget why they fall in love in the first place . Ellis watch mud toke the cigarette nub . he 's really get all he can from it . ellis I see juniper today . mud what ? ellis I do not talk to she , but she have the bird tattooe on she hand like you say . you be right . she 's pretty . mud stand , surprised by the news . he walk to the other side of the fire so he back be to the boy . mud where would you see she ? ellis at the piggly wiggly . I think she 's stayin ' at a motel by there . the executive Inn . mud look at Ellis through the fire . he take a drag and smile at the boy . the hole from he miss tooth show . mud that 's good news . Real good news . mud pace , slowly . he 's think . ellis do she know you be out here ? mud no . we pick another place to meet . couple day from now . mud walk back to the log and sit . ellis you wanna go tonight ? I can give you a ride up river . mud look at Ellis , nodd . mud tomorrow . I will go tomorrow . 39 . ellis you need I to come get you ? mud naw . I can manage . Hell I get out here do not I ? Ellis smile . they sit in silence . Ellis stare up at the boat hang over they , its peel hull light by the firelight . mud pinch the ash from the end of he cigarette , place the stub back in he shirt pocket . notice Ellis , mud tilt he head back to take in the boat . mud ( cont 'd ) it 's a helluva thing . mud pause , he mind work on something . mud ( cont 'd ) helluva thing . the two sit by the campfire stare up at the suspend boat . 46 int . ellis ' room - morning 46 Mary Lee knock on she way into the bedroom . mary lee time to get up . she begin pick clothes off the floor . Ellis , in bed , raise up on he elbow . he 's tired from a late night . ellis it 's Saturday . mary lee I be go to Wal - Mart . I need you to come with I . ellis ( moaning ) Mom . mary lee come on . she pull the cover off of he . 47 I /e. mary lee' car / interstate - day 47 the two ride in a awkward silence . 40 . Ellis stare at the farmland pass by outside as Mary Lee steer the compact Toyota down a four-lane interstate . mary lee Ellis I know what you father tell you last night . that 's not what I want . I want to sit you down and talk about it . ellis what do you wanna talk about ? you want to leave and that mean they can tear up we house . mary lee I have spend my whole life on that boat . I do not think it 's too much to ask for you ... Mary Lee be interrupt by a line of traffic back up in front of she . she slow to a stop . mary lee ( cont 'd ) oh no . I hope no one 's hurt . there be flash police light up ahead . Ellis try to see what 's go on but can not make anything out past the line of car . they inch forward . mary lee ( cont 'd ) I be just say there be two side to this . I have not make up my mind about anything because I want you to be involved in my decision , but I need a change Ellis . I deserve one . as they approach the flash light , they see three State trooper vehicle park to funnel traffic down to one lane . the state troopers stop each car , check the trunk . mary lee ( cont 'd ) I think they be search people . a trooper signal Mary Lee to pull up to a stop . two other trooper approach she vehicle . the first begin look in she back window as the second lean down to speak to she . she lower she window . trooper can you open the trunk please mar 'am ? mary lee of course . 41 . Mary Lee pull the lever by she knee , and the second trooper walk around the back of the car . trooper have you pick up or see any hitchhiker today mar 'am ? mary lee no sir . the trooper produce a flier with a color photo on it . trooper have you see this man ? mary lee no sir . the trooper lean over and hold the paper out to Ellis . trooper Son , have you see this man ? Ellis look at the photo . it 's of mud . he look exactly the same as he do last night , down to the shirt . in the photo , mud 's smile , revealing he miss tooth . ellis no . trooper we have have report that he 's in this area . if you see he , call 9 - 1 - 1 immediately . mary lee we will officer . the trooper pull he head from the window . ellis what would he do ?! the trooper bend back down and look at Ellis . ellis ( cont 'd ) ( more calm ) what would he do ? trooper move along please . Mary Lee pull forward and speed back up on the interstate . mary lee my lord . ( roll up she window ) ( more ) 42 . mary lee ( cont 'd ) how would you feel about move into town with I ? ( no answer ) please do not tell you father this , but I have be look at a couple of place . I know it would be a big adjustment for you , but it might end up be something you like . you know live on the river be not exactly everyone 's idea of the good life . Ellis ? he look at she . mary lee ( cont 'd ) be you even listen to I ? 48 int . ellis ' room - day 48 Ellis bust through the door , grab he backpack and be go . 49 ext . houseboat - continuous 49 Ellis be off the houseboat and run up the bank . he head down the dirt path , grab the walkie talkie out of he backpack . ellis ( into the walkie ) neck ! neck , pick up ! 50 ext . riverbank - day 50 Ellis remove branch and ready the flat bottom boat to launch . the sound of neckbone 's bike arrive before he do . neckbone crest the sand cover slope . he dismount and start to chain the bike up to a tree trunk . neckbone so what 's the big deal ? ellis my mom and I be head to Wal - Mart on 165 . there be a roadblock with state trooper . they searched we car and show we a picture of mud . they be lookin ' for he . neckbone I know it ! I tell you that crazy sonofabitch be trouble . do they say what he do ? ellis no . 43. neckbone so would you tell `em where he be ? ellis no . that 's why I call you . we gotta warn he . neckbone what ? ellis he 's goin ' to get juniper today . I go out there last night and tell he where we see she . he need to know people be lookin ' for he . neckbone you think he do not know that already ? Jesus Ellis , why do you think he 's on that island ? you do not even know what he 's want for . Ellis climb in the boat and neckbone yank he shoulder . neckbone ( cont 'd ) Ellis ! I be serious . we do not know who this guy be . ellis he love she neck . he tell I . neckbone I do not give a shit who he love . Ellis start the motor and wait for he friend . ellis he 's not dangerous . reluctantly , neckbone throw he leg into the boat . neckbone it sound like a shitload of state trooper think different . 51 ext . base of boat tree - day 51 Ellis and neckbone emerge from the wood at mud 's campsite . they scan nearby tree limb . neckbone no tellin ' where the hell he 's be sleepin' . ellis he may already be go . 44 . mud ( o.s. ) hey ! the boy look straight up . mud lean over the edge of the boat above they . mud ( cont 'd ) up here ! mud drop they a rope with knot tie in it . Ellis start inching he way up . neckbone begrudgingly follow . 52 ext . boat in tree - continuous 52 Ellis pull himself over the edge of the boat . he find mud sit in the swivel chair behind the steering wheel . he write in a open spiral notebook with a black sharpie . ellis what be you doin ' ? mud I be gonna have to go back on we deal for the boat . I do not feel good about it , but I do not see any other way outta what I be into . neckbone make he way on board . mud have pull a panel off the steering column . expose wire dangle . ellis so you know about the state trooper ? he look up from he notebook . mud what state trooper ? neckbone the one spreadin ' you picture all over the place . stoppin ' car on 165 searchin ' for you ass . mud factor this in and then go back to write . mud I do not know about that , but it do not surprise I . there plenty of folk lookin ' for I right now . ellis why ? mud I shot a man . kill he . 45 . mud stand and walk to the back of the boat . the boy ' eye follow he cautiously . mud lift a hatch at the back that would typically house the battery and engine wiring . there 's nothing leave but a hole into the tree . he make a note . mud ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I do not tell ya will sooner , but I be hopin ' to be go before anything come of it . do not want you involved . mud turn to really face they for the first time . mud ( cont 'd ) ya will have be real good to I . you be the only friend I get out here . if the state trooper have 165 block , they will have other block too . I will not get anywhere in a car . I want to try takin ' this boat down , see if we can get it in the water . Ellis and neckbone stand they ground . they do not say anything . mud walk back to the steering column . he drop to he knee and fiddle with the wire . mud ( cont 'd ) with a boat like this I can make it to the gulf in two day . I could get anywhere from there . but I would need a boat at least this big to make it on open water . it 's get no title , no owner , nobody lookin ' for it . it 's my best shot . neckbone who would you kill ? mud it be a bad piece of business . ya will do not need to hear about it . ellis I need to hear about it . mud sit up . he look at Ellis , decide how much to tell . mud juniper make a mistake . she hook up with a guy . he be no good . his name be hutchin . family own a chain of restaurant down in Texas . 46 . ellis where be you ? mud I be around , but I and juniper be on the out . she meet this hutchin , he sell she on some lie . get she pregnant . that 's when he start showin ' who he really be . he drop June down a flight of stair after whoopin ' she half to death . she lose the baby . he make it so the doctor think she can not have child anymore . there be thing you can get away with in this world and thing you can not . I track he down at a motel just outside of San Antonio . he be there with another woman . that 's where it happen . mud 's do with he story . he go back to the wiring . mud ( cont 'd ) I understand if you can not help I anymore , but I need this boat . and I need to get it in the water fast . after a moment , he sit up and wipe sweat from he forehead . mud ( cont 'd ) I have make a list . thing we will need . what do ya will think ? Ellis take time to consider everything . he look at neckbone , who have a disgruntled look on he face . ellis you do it for she ? to protect she ? mud yeah . Ellis nod . mud look over at neckbone , who still have the disgruntled look on he face . mud ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? neckbone I think you want we to run around , stickin ' we neck out , gettin ' everything you need , just so you can take we boat . 47 . mud that 's about it . mud remove a cigarette butt and spark it with a lighter . neckbone what do we get out of it ? mud what do you want ? neckbone look to Ellis , judge he bargain position . neckbone what about that pistol ? mud eye the boy , pull on the nub of cigarette . mud I only get two thing out here worth anything . this shirt ... mud pull the pistol from the back of he jeans . neckbone tense , but relax when mud splay it out on a open palm . mud ( cont 'd ) and this pistol . I can not give you the shirt `cause I need it for protection , but if you help I get this boat in the water , the pistol 's yours . neckbone squinch he face in think , size up this trade . neckbone what kind be it ? mud a forty five . neckbone I guess we could work a deal like that . neckbone step forward to grab the pistol , but mud put it back in he jeans . mud we get this thing floatin ' first . neckbone look over at Ellis , who shrug . neckbone all right then . 48 . mud smile , flash he miss tooth . he spit in he palm and hold it out to neckbone . neckbone , not sure about take the spit hand , reluctantly shake . mud rip a page from the notebook and hand it to Ellis . mud ya will scrounge what you can off this list , but if we be gonna get this do right we will need more help . can you fetch Tom for I ? ellis Tom blankenship ? mud have smoke down to the filter . he crush the butt into he palm and put it back in he shirt pocket . mud I be hopin ' to let that old assassin stay put , but we will need he to get thing ya will can not . can you find he ? ellis I know where he life , but I have never speak to he . mud just tell he my name . he will know you be serious . Ellis fold the list up . he and neckbone start down the rope as mud go back to the wiring . mud ( cont 'd ) boy ? ( they pause ) thanks . Ellis nod . neckbone do not lose my pistol . they continue down the rope . mud continue he work . 53 ext . shelly oxbow - day 53 Ellis steer to the southern mouth of shelly 's oxbow , the bend in the river that hold he and Tom blankenship 's houseboat , among other . he grounds the boat just shy of enter the oxbow and step over neckbone to hop onto the bank . 49 . ellis you comin ' ? neckbone I will watch the boat . Ellis scan the wood that populate the patch of land wedge between the river and this short tributary . neckbone ( cont 'd ) Ellis ? ellis what ? neckbone be careful . Galen always say that old man 's crazy . neckbone keep he seat as Ellis dart into the wood 54 ext . tom' wood - day 54 Ellis prowl around the small pine tree and bush . he pause , see the entrance to Tom blankenship 's boat . something move on the houseboat . Ellis hunker down behind a bush . he see Tom wrapping cable onto a metal spool . Ellis be nervous . he check over he shoulder , nothing but wood . when he look back to the boat , Tom be go . in a crouch , Ellis move closer . take a deep breath , Ellis step out from the cover of the pine tree and head up a walkway that lead onboard . tom ( o.s. ) why you huntin ' I ? Ellis flinch . he turn to find Tom blankenship stand at the edge of the boat . tom ( cont 'd ) you deaf boy ? I say why be you huntin ' I ? ellis I be not huntin you . tom what 's you business here ? ellis I come to find you . I get a message for you . 50 . tom you be senior 's boy . ellis yessir . tom what you get to say he can not tell I himself ? Tom , rusty on pleasantry , brushes past Ellis as he head inside the boat . ellis it be not from he . Ellis , not want to follow further , shout from the plank . ellis ( cont 'd ) mud sent I ! there be a silence . then footstep . Tom reappear . tom mud send you . ellis yessir . tom what do you know about it ? ellis he ask I to come get you . Tom straighten he back . he look into the wood , search for something he may have miss . tom you daddy know this ? ellis no sir . mud need you help . Tom 's mind churn on a series of fact unknown to the boy . tom where be he ? 55 ext . river - day 55 neckbone bounce in the boat as it shift in the choppy Mississippi water . his eye be lock on the back of Tom 's head . Tom ride stone face in the front . neckbone turn back to Ellis and raise he eyebrow as if to ask , " what 's go on ? " . Ellis shrug . 51 . 56 ext . island shore - day 56 Ellis run the boat on shore . Tom splashes into the ankle deep water and help the boy drag it onto the bank . Ellis take the lead , walk ahead and scan the treeline . mud step out , just past the shadow of the wood . Ellis turn to Tom and point . ellis there he be . Tom spit onto the muddy bank and make he way toward mud. Ellis and neckbone stay by the boat and watch . by the treeline , mud watch Tom approach . he correct he posture and feebly attempt to smooth some wrinkle from he shirt . Tom stop in front of he , he eye pinch in the sun . tom mud. mud sir. they stare at each other for a long moment . neither one flinching . by the boat , at this distance , the boy can not hear what be be say , but they try and size up the situation through body language . neckbone you think that 's he dad ? ellis I do not know . by the treeline , tom where be she ? mud in town . get here yesterday . Tom lower he head . frustrate . tom why you out here like this ? by the boat , 52 . the boy see mud take a seat on a nearby stump . he 's explain something . Tom listen , stand over he . neckbone they do not look like family . Ellis watch mud as he gesture and speak . he seem different . younger . mud stop talk . Tom scratch a hand through he white crew cut . he begin point a finger at mud . his face be flushed and the sound of he voice carry to the boy , though still unintelligible . neckbone ( cont 'd ) he 's really givin ' it to he . at the treeline , mud 's head hang as Tom shout at he . tom you have spend you whole life followin ' that girl ! she 's run you halfway cross the country and back , and for what ? for this , leave out on a island beggin ' for help . a murderer . a thief . mud I be not no thief . tom what would you call it then ? do not even mention draggin ' that boy into this . do you have any idea what you be doin ' ? wait for a response , but mud give none . tom ( cont 'd ) I be ashamed of you . mud look up at he . tom ( cont 'd ) do not expect help from I . there 's none to be give . at the boat , they see Tom turn he back on mud and head toward the boat . mud do not protest ; he do not move . Tom brushes past Ellis . 53. tom ( cont 'd ) I be ready . Tom shove the boat back into the water . neckbone help he . Ellis look back at mud , who still have not move from he stump . he go to he . Tom see this and stop push . tom ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) dammit . at the treeline , Ellis stop a good six foot back from where mud sit . ellis you all right ? mud raise he head . mud look like we be on we own . he stand and take a fold piece of paper from he shirt . mud ( cont 'd ) I do not want you bein ' the one to do this , but I can not see a way around it . I need to get this letter to juniper . could you take it to she for I ? ellis yeah . mud you have to be careful . you can not just walk up and knock on she door , you hear I ? you have to watch yourself . ellis I can handle it . Ellis step forward and mud hand over the note . Ellis take it and walk back to the other . at the boat , Tom stare at Ellis as he climb on board . Tom look back at mud , who be watch he . he give the boat a final shove before pull himself in . they motor away . Tom do not look back . 54 . 57 ext . river / shelly oxbow - moving - day 57 neckbone you mud 's daddy ? tom mud do not have no daddy . no mother I ever know of . he be livin ' in the wood when I meet he . younger than you be now . Tom do not offer anymore . neckbone think on he answer . Ellis kill the engine near the mouth of shelly 's oxbow . Tom jump down into the knee deep river and wade onto shore . he turn back to the boy . tom ( cont 'd ) ya will need to watch yourselves . do not go gettin ' into something you do not have any business in . mud 's into something you do not want any part of . I suggest you forget about he . Ellis and neckbone do not respond . Tom , with a final admonish look , disappear into the wood . Ellis crank the motor and point the boat up river . 58 ext . river - moving - moment later 58 edge of the notebook paper flap in the wind . neckbone read mud 's letter to juniper . Ellis reach the bank where they stash they boat . he shut off the motor and let 's they drift . neckbone fold the letter back up and turn to face Ellis . ellis what do you think ? neckbone he love she . you can tell that much . you gonna take it to she ? ellis I tell he I would . neckbone think about this seriously , shake he head . neckbone I do not know . could be a lot of trouble . 55 . ellis you still get that trailer you make for you bike ? 59 ext . dewitt STREET - late afternoon 59 neckbone ride with Ellis on the back of he dirt bike . Cars and truck honk and zip by they . they speed be top out at about 15 mile per hour . mostly a result of the small 3x4 metal trailer they be towing behind the bike . one of senior 's white fish cooler sit in the trailer . 60 ext . executive inn / parking lot - late afternoon 60 park in the far corner of the lot , Ellis sit on top of the white cooler eyeing the executive Inn . neckbone straddle the dirt bike . a handful of car be park at the motel ; a old Honda , a pick - up , and a black lincoln . ellis I say we start at the top , work we way down . neckbone all right . they each grab a end of the cooler and carry it across the lot toward a flight of stair . 61 on the second floor , 61 the boy set the cooler down in front of the first room on the corner . Ellis check over he shoulder , nothing strange . Ellis knock . they wait . no answer . they pick the cooler up and walk to the next door . knock . after a moment , a black man in he late sixty open the door wear boxer and a undershirt . black man what you want ? ellis we be sellin ' fish . you wanna buy some ? black man Fish ? he look at the two boy like they be insane . black man ( cont 'd ) I do not want no damn fish . 56 . he slam the door . they drag the cooler to the next door . as Ellis hold up he fist to knock , they hear a woman shouting a few door down . juniper ( o.s. ) stop it ! stop ! Ellis head for the room . neckbone drag the cooler after he . Ellis reach the motel room door , which have be leave ajar . he place he hand on it and let it fall open . 62 int . executive inn / juniper' room - continuous 62 carver ( o.s. ) keep lyin '! keep lyin ' and i'll crack you nose OPEN ! the door open to carver ( 47 ) , a tall , slender man in a dark western cut suit , stand over juniper . she 's crumpled up in a ball at the end of the bed . carver swat open-handed at she head . grab the top of she hair . carver ( cont 'd ) you hear I bitch ? tell I another lie . Ellis rush carver with he shoulder as if he be break down a door . carver be knock off balance . he trip over the edge of the bed and crash into the motel room wall . carver , slightly stunne , get to he foot and in two broad step land a man-size punch across Ellis ' face . it 's hard . Ellis melt . he grab the boy up by the scruff of he shirt . carver ( cont 'd ) who be you !? who the hell be you !? do he send you !? carver remove a piece of paper from he pocket . it 's a photo copy picture of mud , different than the State trooper 's . carver cram the photo in the boy 's face . carver ( cont 'd ) you know this man !? look at he ! do you know he !? blood trickle from a cut under Ellis ' eye . he stutter under the shaking force of carver 's hand . ellis I do not ... i... neckbone ( o.s. ) fish !!! it's fish !!! 57 . neckbone be yell at the top of he lung , almost in a girl 's pitch . carver turn to he . the cooler be open behind they and neckbone hold up two Ziplock bag of fish . neckbone ( cont 'd ) we be just sell fish ! carver size thing up . it take a moment , but he settles . he snort out a laugh and drop Ellis on the ground . carver turn he attention back to juniper , who be huddle up in the corner of the motel . carver walk over to she . open a good-size knife , he get down in she face and hold the blade uncomfortably close to she cheek . carver I know you know where he be . and I swear to God I will cut through every one a you to find he . she flinch . stand , carver fold up he knife . carver ( cont 'd ) we know you come here for he , and we know he 's too stupid to leave you behind . so when he pop he head out of whatever shithole he 's stay in , I will be there . you tell he that . carver turn , step over Ellis on he way out . carver ( cont 'd ) and you need to mind you business boy . neckbone move from the doorway to let he pass . carver be go . neckbone shut the door and fasten the security latch . he kneel down to check on he friend . neckbone you all right ? ellis yeah . neckbone he pop you eye . Ellis hold the back of he hand up to he eye which have begin to swell . the cut trickle blood over he cheekbone . juniper move to the sink . Ellis sit up , stare at she back . 58 . she open a ice bucket and wrap a handful of cube in a towel . she turn and walk over to they , she eye cast down . she kneel in front of Ellis , make eye contact for the first time . she touch he chin , gently pivote it to see the wound . her eye be glassy . juniper thank you . he stare back at she . he can not take he eye off she . she hold the iced towel to he cheek . he do not even flinch . juniper ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry . tear form and run down she cheek . juniper ( cont 'd ) here . she take he hand and place it against the towel . she get to she foot and pull a pocket book from a bag in the corner . juniper ( cont 'd ) how much be you fish ? I will buy the cooler full . Ellis motion neckbone to the cooler . neckbone go over and cram he hand into the ice . he remove a Ziplock bag contain the note that mud send . neckbone hand it to Ellis . take the note , he set he ice down and walk over to juniper . ellis mud send we to give this to you . juniper be stunne . she look at the bag , then at the boy . juniper you have meet mud ? Ellis nod . neckbone speak up from the back . neckbone yeah we meet he . juniper take the bag . she remove the letter and take a seat on the edge of the bed to read it . Ellis watch she eye move along the paper . she smile , which make Ellis smile . after a moment , she fold it up . juniper he tell I to hold tight . 59 . neckbone yeah , we read it . juniper raise she eyebrow at neckbone . juniper well do you know how long `hold tight ' be ? ellis I think it 's a couple day . he want to get a boat for ya will . juniper god. juniper shake she head and go to the sink . she pull a lighter from she jeans pocket and torch mud 's note . juniper ( cont 'd ) tell he I will wait . running water over the ash , she turn back to they . juniper ( cont 'd ) but I do not want ya will involved . tell he what I say and make that it . I do not want you gettin ' in any trouble . ellis we will not . juniper what do you call that ? she motion to he swell eye . Ellis shrug . ellis we will be all right . keep you door lock . we will be in touch . Ellis head to the door as neckbone gather up the cooler . juniper wait . Ellis turn back . juniper ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? ellis I be Ellis . that 's neckbone . 60 . juniper walk up to Ellis and put she hand on he shoulder . she have to bend slightly to do it , but she kiss he just above he swollen eye . juniper thank you Ellis . Ellis stare at she , infatuated . neckbone we gotta go . Ellis turn and grab one end of the cooler . neckbone slap back the security latch and open the door with he free hand . they walk out . 63 ext . executive inn / juniper' room - continuous - dusk 63 Ellis , he foot on the door , look back at juniper . ellis lock the door . she smile . the door slam shut . the room number , 212 , stare Ellis in the face . he take a deep breath . neckbone let 's go hard on . he and Ellis wrangle the cooler down the step . the sun set while they be inside . a blue hue hang over everything . 64 I /e. carver' lincoln / piggly wiggly parking lot - continuous 64 carver take a drag off a cigarette from behind the steering wheel of he black lincoln town car , conscious to blow any smoke out the open driver 's window . his car , wedge between two other in the piggly wiggly parking lot , be point toward the executive Inn . he watch as Ellis and neckbone load the cooler onto neckbone 's bike . 65 int . ellis ' houseboat - night 65 Ellis enter he houseboat . it 's quiet . he see a note on the counter next to a can of soup . it read , " I have go to a movie . warm up some soup for dinner . Love , Mom " . Ellis pick up the can , not thrilled . he go to the fridge and grab a sack of peas from the freezer . holding the peas against he eye he take a seat at the counter and flip through a phone book . he find what he need and dial a cord phone . he wait . 61 . ellis hello ? be May Pearl there ?... this be Ellis ... hey , it 's Ellis . hey ... what ?... in the phone book ... from he car commercial ... I think they be all right ... tomorrow ? yeah , I can meet you ... okay . bye . Ellis hang up the phone . with the peas press firmly against he face , he smirk . CUT to : 66 series of image : 66 - neckbone 's sneaker bust through a rotten plank of wood . - Inside a decrepit wooden shack , Ellis give neckbone a look like he 's a dumbass as they proceed to take the shack apart board by board . Ellis now have a full - on black eye . a66 - neckbone stand lookout under the carport section of Ellis ' a66 houseboat . the coast clear , he give Ellis a nod . Ellis pop open a metal locker and remove a small chainsaw and container of gas . he load this into a empty fish cooler . b66 - Tom , sit atop he houseboat with he pellet gun , watch b66 as the two boy sneak the tool away . he 's displease . c66 - at neckbone 's mobile home park , Ellis heave loop of thick c66 rope onto they mini dirt bike trailer . neckbone stand nearby laugh with the rope 's owner , a lanky guy with brown tooth and a tasmanian Devil tattoo on he neck . ac66 - Ellis hoist neckbone up by the foot allow he to ac66 unscrew a road sign . d66 - a mop soak in black tar slop across the flat roof of the d66 furniture store in downtown dewitt . neckbone and Ellis stand in the store 's parking lot yell up to the roofers . - they get one 's attention , and neckbone point to a dry pile of leftover tar that have be dumped at the back of the building . the roofer swat a hand at the boy . they proceed to load the dry hunk onto the small trailer . e66 - from a distance , neckbone and Ellis stand on a sailboat in e66 the middle of a fence - in marine junkyard . surrounded by old boat part , the boy begin shuttling several large metal pulley off the sailboat . 67 ext . island shore - day 67 mud smile , show he miss tooth , as he look over the load of item the boy have stack in they boat . neckbone toss a loop of rope to he . 61a . neckbone we have get more , but no motor . 62 . mud this will work for now . you get she my note ? ellis yeah . Ellis turn and mud see he black eye for the first time . mud where would you get that from ? ellis we come up on juniper 's room . a guy be in there beatin ' up on she . mud 's face turn dark . neckbone Ellis rush he . get smack for it . mud what would he look like ? ellis I do not know . tall . look like a cowboy . mud Dark hair ? ellis yeah . mud dammit ! mud sling the rope to the ground and kick it . his face be flushed . it 's the first time the boy have see he angry . mud ( cont 'd ) GOD dammit ! the boy back up . mud take a deep breath , try to cool down . it take a moment , then something occur to he . he eye Ellis with a look of genuine gratitude . mud ( cont 'd ) thanks for lookin ' after she . Ellis nod . mud pick up the rope . mud ( cont 'd ) his name 's carver . brother of the man I shot . if he 's here , then more be comin' . 63. neckbone more what ? mud gather the supplies and head to the treeline . the boy , with they hand full , follow he . mud bounty hunter . carver 's rotten , but he daddy 's the one to be scared of . he will spend all the money he have to see I dead . if it be up to I I would put the whole family down same as the other . not a decent man between `em . mud stop and turn to lay a serious look on they . mud ( cont 'd ) ya will listen to I now . if you see that old man , do not get near he . he 's the triple six real deal scratch you hear I ? mud wait for nod from they both . mud ( cont 'd ) all right . 68 ext . MISSISSIPPI river / island - continuous 68 Galen drift in he own boat out on the Mississippi River . he stare at something in the distance . a68 from across the river , a68 he see neckbone and Ellis on the island walk with mud . Galen , a concerned look on he face , keep one hand on he motor and the other on a bulg net of mussel shell . his helper , a salty look man in he fifty , sit at the front of the boat sip budweiser from the can . helper what you waitin ' for ? galen shut up . after a moment , Galen crank the motor and speed away . 69 ext . boat in tree - day - later 69 mud stand with Ellis and neckbone on the deck of the boat . he hold a pulley in one hand and a length of rope in the other . he stare up into the tree . 64 . mud Ellis , can you climb up that trunk and get this hang ? ellis yeah . mud take a foot of line and tie `em off with a bowline knot . you know it ? ellis I be not stupid . Ellis take the pulley and scale the trunk without hesitation . mud toss he pocket knife to neckbone . mud neck , start cuttin ' line . Three fifteen foot section . Count a foot long as you arm . mud begin thread the pulley with rope . as neckbone cut rope , he see the pistol stick in the back of mud 's pants . neckbone what 's so special `bout that shirt you would lose you pistol for it ? mud it 's get a wolf 's eye sewn in the sleeve . more protection than a bullet ever give . Tom swear by it . neckbone he say he be not you daddy . mud Tom 's the close thing I ever know to a father . neckbone I never meet my parent . mud it 's hard not knowin ' the one you come from . neckbone my uncle Galen tell I thing about `em . he 's the one that take care of I . mud Tom do that for I . 65 . Ellis drop down to the deck and grab another pulley . ellis what would you mean when you call Tom a assassin ? mud Tom 's have life you would never know about . grew up up North . go to Yale . for a long time he be a pay killer for the c.i.a. live in Cuba in ` 63 . he 's probably kill more people than you have meet . ( to neckbone ) Hand I that line . neckbone toss he a end of rope , look to Ellis . Ellis give a shrug before head back up the trunk . 70 ext . base of boat tree - day - later 70 mud hang off the tree fifteen foot up by a piece of rope tie around he waist . a series of rope and pulley crisscross from the boat to the tree . neckbone and Ellis stand on the ground stare up at he . mud hold a chainsaw and seem to be hesitate . neckbone well if you be gonna do it do it ! mud take a deep breath and yank the cord . angle on one of the main branch hold up the boat , mud begin cut . Ellis and neckbone step further and further back as they watch the chainsaw work through the thick limb . suddenly , the chainsaw stop . a deep cracking sound . the huge branch snap , tumble off lower limb before crash to the ground . mud hold onto the trunk for dear life . the branch now rest on the ground , silence . the rope and pulley hang teach , squeaking from the weight of the boat . mud slowly lift he head up . he smile at what he see . the rigging have hold . mud one down ! neckbone and Ellis watch as mud scamper around the trunk to the next branch . the chainsaw crank back on . neckbone this shit be crazy . 66 . 71 I /e. mary lee' car / piggly wiggly parking lot - late 71 afternoon Ellis look out the car window at high school kide that have gather in the piggly wiggly parking lot . his hair be slicked to one side , and he 's wear a collare shirt . mary lee you look nice . ellis thanks . mary lee what time be you gonna be home ? Ellis shrug . she look at he as the car radio ramble . mary lee ( cont 'd ) no later than eleven ? Ellis nod . ellis you make up you mind ? mary lee about move in town ? ellis about leavin ' dad . Mary Lee think about how to answer , shut off the radio . mary lee you can not make other people change Ellis . if I be unhappy then I will have to be the one to change something . Ellis chew on the inside of he cheek and watch she avoid eye contact . he shoulder he way out of the car . Mary Lee take a moment before drive off . as Mary Lee pull away , Ellis take in the scene . 72 ext . executive inn - late afternoon - ellis Pov 72 he look up at juniper 's motel room and see she lean on the railing smoking a cigarette . she do not see he . 73 ext . piggly wiggly parking lot - late afternoon - continuous 73 he pause , notice a man to he leave who also stare up at juniper . the man , early thirty with a thick mustache , be jame . he lean against the grill of a black lincoln . 67 . carver appear from inside the piggly wiggly . he hold a cup of coffee and be closely trail by a fat little man , nelson ( 56 ) . they be all dress in a similar fashion , a cross between rural farmer and rodeo star . as carver approach the lincoln , he scold James for lean on the grill . carver rub the hood with he coat sleeve and give order to the man . may pearl ( o.s. ) Ellis ! Ellis turn to see May Pearl hopping down from a Ford bronco . she lean on the door and wave Ellis into the back . may pearl ( cont 'd ) come on ! Ellis take another look at carver and he man before run over to the bronco . 74 ext . field / bonfire - night 74 a bonfire rage in the middle of a open field . a few dozen kide mingle between vehicle and the fire . drink , yell , music blast from car speaker . Ellis stand by himself next to the blaze with he hand in he pocket . May Pearl have vanish . pryor , the skinny kid Ellis punch to get this date , wander past . he make eye contact . Ellis stare he down . pryor glare back but then just skulk over to another group . may pearl ( o.s. ) try this . a styrofoam sonic Cup be thrust into Ellis ' hand . he turn to find May Pearl stand next to he . may pearl ( cont 'd ) come on . she lead Ellis behind one of the truck park nearby . May Pearl climb onto the tailgate , a red glow across she face . no one else be around . Ellis hesitates . may pearl ( cont 'd ) you wanna sit down ? Ellis take a seat next to she . she look at he , smile , and gesture to he black eye . may pearl ( cont 'd ) you must really like to fight ? 68 . ellis not really . Ellis take a sip from the sonic cup . his face pucker . may pearl but you be not scared if you have to . ellis I guess . you get a lot of friend . may pearl they be all right . I do not know all of `em . ellis I bet you be pretty popular . may pearl why do you say that ? ellis I do not know . ` Cause you be nice to people . may pearl how do you know that ? ellis you be nice to I . may pearl but I like you . Ellis dig into he jeans pocket . ellis I get this for you . he remove a bracelet make from the pearl he collect off Galen 's porch . May Pearl take it , begin put it on . may pearl a bracelet ? ellis neckbone 's uncle catch the pearl . I think with you name and everything ... may pearl thank you . she lean over , hugging he with a kiss on the cheek . she stay close . 69 . ellis you wanna be my girlfriend ? she smile , then kiss he . 75 ext . ellis ' and tom' houseboat - morning 75 Morning fog sit on top of the water around Ellis ' houseboat . Ellis step outside and make he way to the ice machine . a loud whistle come from across the oxbow . Ellis walk to the edge of the garage . a75 he see Tom blankenship seat on the roof of he houseboat . a75 he motion Ellis over . Ellis watch he , unsure of what to do . another whistle . Tom motion to he again . Ellis look back at the house . no sign of he parent . he shoot a glance back at Tom . 76 ext . tom blankenship' houseboat - moment later 76 Ellis bump he father 's boat against the side of Tom 's houseboat . he step up onto the deck and tie off . Tom , down from the roof , stand by he front door . tom you want some coffee ? Tom disappear inside . ellis I do not drink coffee . Ellis wait for a moment , but realize this be Tom 's way of invite he inside . he enter . 77 int . tom blankenship' houseboat - continuous 77 this houseboat , although similar in size , be different than Ellis ' . it 's a actual wood shack that have be construct atop a barge . Ellis look at photo , book and memorabilia that cram the wall and shelf . it feel homey . Tom , he back to the boy , stand in the kitchen area pour a cup of coffee . tom you be seein ' mud ? ellis no . 70 . a collection of frame photo on a desk catch Ellis ' attention . a young Tom with a pretty dark skinned girl . they seem happy . another photo , late 60' , of Tom stand alone in a suit . he hold a long suitcase . Tom enter hold two cup of coffee . tom you do not have to lie to I boy . he hand Ellis a cup of coffee with a cartoon image of a dog on it . it read , " I be a real bitch in the morning ! " Tom sit in a lazy Boy that he gently rock in . tom ( cont 'd ) I have see you runnin ' around . takin ' thing . he all right ? ellis he 's okay . tom he get that boat down ? Ellis nod . there be a awkward moment . ellis he call you a assassin . Tom snort out a laugh , sip he coffee . ellis ( cont 'd ) be it true ? tom how long have you know mud ? ellis few day . tom well that 's long enough to know he 's full of shit . ellis so it 's not true . tom I be a sharpshooter in the army . in mud 's world , that make I a assassin . not exactly true , right ? ellis yeah I guess . Tom notice the boy 's disappointment . 71 . tom you think he 's a bad ass do not you ? ellis I do not know . tom you know why he 's stick out on that island ? ellis yeah . ( hesitate ) he shot somebody . tom he tell you why he shot that man ? ellis because he hurt juniper . tom right . the real reason mud 's in the trouble he 's get be because of she . he 's be in love with that girl since he be you age . they use to run all around here and it be the same back then . he would follow that girl wherever she lead he . Problem be she do not care about nobody but herself . I have tell he as much . she would bed down with the meanest snake she could find , then when thing go bad she would go runnin ' to mud . mud would take she back , then go find whatever unlucky sonofabitch last put a hand on she and beat `em `til they know to never touch she again . and this time I guess he think a beat be not good enough . have to shoot that fella . I do not know for sure , but I would put money on juniper knowin ' he would do it . and I have a suspicion she might of even tell he to . either way , that two be set for failure . only chance mud have be to cut she loose . Cause I will tell you what , mud 's no bad ass . he 's runnin ' scared . Ellis can not look Tom in the eye , he 's offended by the old man 's remark . Ellis set the coffee cup on the desk . ellis I gotta go . Ellis head for the door , but stop short . 72 . ellis ( cont 'd ) you be wrong about juniper . they love each other and they be gonna make it . if you be not a wear out old man you would know it be true . Tom eye the boy , take a sip from he cup . he nod a goodbye to Ellis who be already out the door . 78 ext . island / base of boat tree - day 78 Ellis stomp out of the tree and be strike by the new position of the boat . it hang three foot off the ground ; suspended in dry dock . a clear- cut path of tree lead off toward the island 's southern shore . beside the boat , remnant of a giant fire smolder . Ellis survey the mound of ash . mud ( o.s. ) what you say Ellis ? Ellis turn to find mud stand on the deck of the boat hold a fistful of wire . he jump down . ellis I get more stuff . mud you find a motor ? ellis not yet . ( point to the ash ) what 's that ? mud I make a bonfire . mud enter the wood . Ellis follow . ellis why ? mud bonfire 's a all purpose cure all for bad luck . I do not know where this boat 's be or what kind of person have it before I . for all I know it could have some serious bad business leave on it . we get too much ridin ' on this thing to leave to chance . where 's neckbone ? ellis helpin ' he uncle with a dive . 73. 79 ext . island shore - moment later 79 mud and Ellis exit the treeline head to Ellis ' boat . ellis Tom call I over to he place this mornin' . mud what he say ? ellis he be runnin ' down juniper . Ellis look for a response , but mud just jump up into the boat and start throw piece of wood on shore . ellis ( cont 'd ) I tell he he be a wear out old man . told he he could not know how much you love juniper . mud you do not know he story . ellis I do not care . mud you should . Tom love a woman more than most man could in two lifetime . they have a good life start together . mud hop down and scoops a load of wood into he arm . mud ( cont 'd ) she be pregnant with a little boy , but the birth get the better of `em . they do not make it . Tom 's be alone ever since . Lone wolf . mud have begin walk back to the treeline . Ellis stay . ellis I gotta go help my dad . mud turn back but do not stop move . mud thanks for the wood Ellis . Ellis watch he go , think on what he say . 74 . 80 ext . underwater - river - day 80 fully suite in diving gear , Galen toil in the murky brown water at the bottom of the river . his gear consist of a typical wet-suit , wet -sock but no glove . his metal helmet be not typical . it 's weld from half a hot water heater that 's be fitte with barbell weight . a hose connect to the top run to the surface . Galen tie off a netted sack and yank on its line . 81 ext . river - continuous 81 a small air compressor chug as neckbone stand in the middle of Galen 's boat pull in the heavy rope . at the end , the net bulg with mussel shell appear . he manage to roll the heavy load into the boat before move over to a crank handle that feed another line . after several crank , Galen 's steel helmet breach the surface . he place he hand on the edge of the boat as neckbone remove the barbell weight . the weight remove , neckbone take off the helmet . Galen pull himself into the boat , out of breath . galen this shit never get easy . neckbone that 's a good haul . galen I have have worse . Galen recline as neckbone kill the air compressor and begin organize the gear . he watch he little nephew . galen ( cont 'd ) you doin ' all right ? neckbone yeah . galen you do not need to tell I anything ? neckbone tell you what ? galen I know I be just you uncle , not much of a parent . but you can tell I thing if you need to . 75 . neckbone I can tell you this helmet smell like my duck butter . 82 ext . elderly woman' house - day 82 Ellis hold a wringht iron door open with he backside as a elderly woman take the paper bag of fish from he hand . Ellis walk back to the truck . senior watch he , look at the black eye . 83 I /e. senior' truck / catfish parlour - moving - day 83 Ellis ride up front with senior . window down , no radio . senior where would you get that black eye ? ellis a kid in town . he get he too . senior what you fightin ' for ? ellis ` Bout a girl . senior what girl ? ellis my girlfriend . senior you get a girlfriend ? ellis yes sir . senior when would that happen ? ellis other day . senior pat he shirt pocket and find a smoke . light it . senior you see you mother today ? ellis no . senior you not talkin ' to I ? 76 . ellis I be talkin' . I be talkin ' to both of you . that 's all ya will want to do be talk . senior well , that 's you mother . would rather tongue lash a problem than step up and handle it . you will see one day . woman be tough . they will set you up for thing . you can not trust love , Ellis . if you be not careful , it will run out on you . you just gotta pick a woman and roll the dice . hope you do not wake up in fifteen year hatin ' each other . Ellis keep stare out the window as they pull into the parking lot of the catfish parlour Restaurant . 84 ext . the catfish parlour / the pine motel - late afternoon - 84 continuous senior climb out of the truck and enter the restaurant . Ellis pop open the tailgate and reach for a cooler . the catfish parlour be one business in a strip center row . there be nothing else around save for farmland and a motel across the road . Ellis notice carver 's black lincoln park in the motel lot . he walk away from the truck to get a better look . Ellis scan the four other vehicle in the lot . all Texas plate . a maroon cadillac sail past and turn into the motel . Ellis recede to the rear of he truck . he watch as king ( 76 ) , a fireplug of a man , emerge from the cadillac . cramped from a long drive , he stretch and eye the sign for the pine Motel . a motel room door open and carver walk out . he 's smile and call out to King . they hug as a green pick - up pull up . miller , a slick dress man in black boot , climb out . senior ( o.s. ) Ellis ! let 's go ! Ellis snap around to find senior lean out the restaurant door . Ellis yank the cooler down and drag it inside . he look back over he shoulder for a final glance at the man . at the motel , carver daddy this be Miller . he 's one of ours . 77 . king ( shaking ) how do you do ? appreciate you help . miller yes sir . carver we will be in in a minute . Miller nod and enter the motel room . King turn to carver . king catch I up . carver they work in shift . two outside she motel , the other either out search or sleepin ' here . I meet with the county sheriff but he be not much help . Said they would handle they own business , but I get two of they people on payroll and a person on the inside at the state police . king good. doin ' good . who all 's here ? carver all but two now . Nelson and James be watchin ' she place . I call the rest in . king okay . let 's meet the man . carver lead he father to the motel room . 85 int . pine motel room - late afternoon - continuous 85 carver hold the door open as King step inside . a door to he leave connect another room which be empty . a episode of the smurf play on the television . there 's a man on each of the queen bed . another three play card at a small table by the window . miller stand in the corner smoking . empty budweiser can litter the room . King , unimpress by the scene , look at he son . carver quickly move in front of the television and turn it off . he stare down the man on the bed . 78 . carver get up . ( to the other ) ya will pay attention . the man get up from the bed and the other put down they card . everyone slowly gather into a audience . carver ( cont 'd ) this be my father , King . he run the show . carver recede as King step forward . he speak like a high school football coach . king Men . I wanna thank you for the work you be doin ' . it 's important work , and I want you to know what it mean to I personally . I be grateful for it . no man should have to bury he son . it 's not natural , and it 's a pain I hope none of you ever have to endure . King remove a photocopy picture of mud from he pocket . he unfold it , stare at it , then raise it to the man . king ( cont 'd ) this man do that to I . he take my youngest boy . and now , you be gonna help I get he . King stare at the man , keep the photo hold high . king ( cont 'd ) now gather `round . come on now , in a circle . I want ya will to join hand . they do it reluctantly . king ( cont 'd ) everybody take a knee . they do . King join they on he knee and grab carver and another man 's hand . king ( cont 'd ) bow you head . I need you to help I pray for the death of the man that kill my son . they all bow they head . 79 . a85 ext . neckbone's trailer - morning a85 a tarp be throw back from a rusting boat trailer . Ellis and neckbone stand by the trailer look less than thrilled . it 's cover in junk and debris . neckbone you touch she breast ? ellis a little . neckbone that 's great man . ellis thanks . Ellis walk up and knock a stack of brick off the trailer . ellis ( cont 'd ) we could take it apart . bring it out piece by piece . neckbone it 's weld . we would just tear it up . what if we float it out ? ellis with what ? neckbone come on . neckbone walk to the trailer . Ellis follow . b85 int . neckbone's trailer - continuous b85 the boy open the front door and be meet by a blinding light . neckbone Jesus ! they squint and shield they eye . the light shut off as quickly as it come on . Galen stand in front of they wear he wet suit . the bar with the flood light attach sit across he shoulder . the boy rub they eyeball , see spot . Galen shuffles over to the couch hold a marine battery connect to the light . he labor to take a seat . galen what do you think ? 79a . neckbone that 's real good Galen . ( to ellis ) gimme a minute . neckbone , still blink , go back to he room . Ellis notice Galen stare at he . Galen pat the couch . galen come `ere Ellis . Ellis take a seat on the other end of the couch . Galen pat the spot next to he . Ellis scoot over , uncomfortable . galen ( cont 'd ) ( pointing up ) you see that ceiling fan ? ellis yeah . galen I find it in the river . Works great . best ceiling fan I have ever own . this river bring a lotta trash down it . some a that trash be worth a lotta money , some of it 's not . you gotta know what 's worth keepin ' and what 's worth lettin ' go . you know the difference ? ellis I think so . galen neck look up to you . do not get my nephew into anything you can not get he out of . Galen force a stare with Ellis , who nod . neckbone enter as Galen begin to remove he light rig . galen ( cont 'd ) help I Rhonda 's just about a guy need to get a piece to get over a girl that put one over on he . so you get you heart break , do not walk around with a shit look on you face . get back in there . get you tip wet . you hear I ? ellis what ? galen you know what I be sayin' . 79b . Ellis do not . Galen move to a electric guitar lean by a small amp in the corner . galen ( cont 'd ) ya will wanna hang out ? Alan 's comin ' over . we be gonna pump it up . neckbone we get stuff to do . galen whatever . the boy exit as Galen turn on the amp . c85 ext . neckbone's trailer - continuous c85 Galen pump it up inside as neckbone and Ellis walk to the boat trailer . neckbone pull a handful of long zip tie from he back pocket . neckbone what be ya will talkin ' about ? ellis I do not know . 86 ext . island northern shore - day 86 mud 's knife slice through a plastic zip tie . mud King . that 's what they call he . a boat trailer rest atop four , 55 - gallon bright yellow barrel affix with plastic zip tie . the make - shift raft be half on shore with the back still float in the water . the boy watch as mud walk around the trailer cut off the zip tie . the barrel kick out from underneath the trailer as this happen . mud ( cont 'd ) he 's they father . you do not go near he do you ? ellis no . mud good . that left-handed sonofabitch be the devil himself . if he 's here , then it 's time . we need to get juniper out here . 79c . ellis we still need a motor . neckbone there 's a motor in the scrap yard might work . mud I need one that run . mud move to the front of the boat trailer and begin drag it fully onto the bank . it 's heavy . neckbone I can get it runnin ' . tell he Ellis . ellis it 's true . he build he own dirt bike . mud all right then . give it a shot . ellis I do not know . that motor 's worth somethin' . it 's not like this other junk . 80 . neckbone it 's be there for month . nobody 's even gonna know it 's go . Ellis hesitates . he look to mud . mud we do need a motor . Ellis think on it as mud take a deep breath and grab the trailer again . 87 ext . piggly wiggly parking lot - day 87 the supermarket be busy . Ellis stand at a pay phone out front as neckbone kick a vend machine nearby . Ellis look at juniper 's motel . he scan the piggly wiggly parking lot and spot carver 's black lincoln . Ellis pick up the phone and deposit some change . he dial . ellis I wanna talk to room 212 . 88 I /e. juniper' motel room / piggly wiggly - continuous 88 juniper watch tv ( o.s ) at the foot of the bed . the phone ring . she snap up , hit mute and grab it . juniper hello ? intercut with ellis , ellis juniper ? juniper Ellis ? ellis it 's I . juniper thank god . I have be goin ' crazy in this room . be mud okay ? ellis yeah . it 's time to take you out to he . juniper now ? ellis tomorrow . we will come get you . 81 . juniper what 's goin ' on ? ellis he 's get a plan for ya will to get away . be ready tomorrow at five . neckbone will be waitin ' at the back of the motel with a dirt bike . juniper they be watch my room . ellis I will take care of that . just be ready at five . juniper wait . just wait . I do not know about alla this . I do not even know what he think we be gonna do . where be we even gonna go ? this be mud . this be what mud do . Ellis hear she cry through the phone . ellis it 's okay . he 's get the boat . we help he fix it up . it 's a good plan . just be ready . juniper why be you even do this ? ellis what do you mean ? juniper why be you help we ? ellis Cause ya will love each other . juniper search for a comment . Ellis , look out over the parking lot , see May Pearl get out of a car with she mother and sister . ellis ( cont 'd ) I will see you tomorrow . juniper wait . dial tone . juniper hold the phone , worried . 82. 89 ext . piggly wiggly parking lot - continuous 89 Ellis turn and watch May Pearl push a cart in the parking lot with she family . neckbone bang at the Coke machine . neckbone how would it go ? ellis we be good . 90 I /e. carver' lincoln / piggly wiggly parking lot - day 90 carver sit behind the wheel of he lincoln . the man with the mustache , James , sit in the passenger seat next to he . carver notice Ellis and neckbone stand in front of the piggly wiggly . he climb out . at the vending machine , neckbone gimme a quarter . this shit take mine . Ellis watch May Pearl enter the grocery store . he call out with a wave . ellis may pearl ! without stop , May Pearl , along with she sister and mother , all turn . May Pearl see he , but do not wave back . she continue inside . Ellis look confuse , then embarrassed . neckbone notice . neckbone it 's all right man . she 's with she family . come on . I wanna get that motor before dark . they head to the dirt bike . carver ( o.s. ) hey there ! Ellis turn to see carver approach . carver ( cont 'd ) you remember I do not you ? Ellis nod . carver note the heal bruise on Ellis ' face . carver ( cont 'd ) I be sure sorry about that . ya will catch I at a real bad time . 83. Ellis climb on the bike . carver walk over to they . carver ( cont 'd ) hold on now . one second . I do not want ya will thinkin ' I be a bad guy . ya will be just try to do a job , and I get in you way . carver remove a roll of twenty and peel off two . carver ( cont 'd ) let 's just say I buy that whole batch of fish ya will be sellin' . would forty cover it ? neckbone that would bout do it . ellis we do not want you money . carver step in close to the boy . carver I bet ya will really get around this town . probably know every hole and ditch . have ya will come across the man whose picture I show you ? ellis no . carver remove a flier with mud 's picture and hold it out . carver you sure about that ? take a look with you good eye . ellis I be sure . carver what about that girl in the motel ? the pretty one . ya will talk to she some more ? ellis no . carver smile . he tuck the flier and the forty dollar into Ellis ' hand . carver there 's a number on there . ya will let I know if you do . 84 . neckbone crank the engine and back the bike up with he foot . they pull away . move , Ellis look back to see carver watch they . 91 ext . crawford junkyard - dusk 91 neckbone pull back a loose section of chain - link fence surround the marine junkyard . Ellis crouch through . inside the junkyard , Ellis and neckbone creep through pile of starboard and boat part . they stop at a party barge with only one pontoon . at its rear hang a big rusted motor , 200 horsepower . neckbone quickly disassemble its attachment . the motor pop loose leave the boy to strain against its heavy weight . they ease it to the ground . neckbone Jesus that 's heavy . the boy get on either side of the motor and begin half - drag it back to the fence line . across the yard , a little girl ( 10 ) dangle she foot off a load platform and bite at a ice cream sandwich . she watch neckbone and Ellis from a distance . 92 ext . ellis ' houseboat - night 92 Ellis walk onto the houseboat as the sound of neckbone 's bike fade in the tree . he stop , notice a paper bag sit on the water 's edge of the boat . he go over to it . he open the sack and take a quick inventory . a loaf of bread , pot meat , a bottle of Jack Daniels , a roll of cash , and a Arkansas boat tag . Ellis look around , no one . he look over to Tom 's boat . it 's dark . Ellis scoops up the sack and head inside . 93 ext . piggly wiggly parking lot - late afternoon 93 the digital wristwatch change from " 4:59 " to " 5:00 " . neckbone sit on he bike park near the vend machine at the piggly wiggly . Ellis , on the payphone , scan the parking lot . no sign of carver 's lincoln . no other bounty hunters . neckbone where be that bastard ? 85 . ellis I do not know . ( hang up ) she 's not answerin' . neckbone what do you wanna do ? ellis take you bike around the side . I will check she room . we will just have to hope no one see we . neckbone crank the bike and speed toward the motel . Ellis look to the motel , then the parking lot . 94 ext . executive inn - moment later 94 on the second floor , Ellis cautiously head up the stair . he eye the parking lot at the piggly wiggly but still see no sign of carver 's man . he move quickly toward juniper 's door . check over he shoulder , he knock . no answer . he knock again . nothing . he peek through the window . no light . no movement . 95 by the dirt bike , 95 neckbone get off he bike and slip to the corner of the building . as he peek he head out , Ellis nearly knock he over on he way downstairs . they both flinch . neckbone shit . be she there ? ellis nothin' . Ellis notice the front office ellis ( cont 'd ) come on . 96 int . executive inn / front office - continuous 96 the motel clerk ( 29 ) do not look up from he issue of lowrider as Ellis and neckbone enter . ellis scuse I , sir ? motel clerk yeah . 86 . ellis we be lookin ' for the girl in room 212 . you see she ? motel clerk I have see she . ellis you see she today . motel clerk yeah , she come down askin ' for direction to the nearest bar . I tell she to head out to a place on 61 . Ellis digest this . they turn to leave . motel clerk ( cont 'd ) wait a second , be ya will the little bastard tryin ' to sell fish to the guest ? they be already out the door . 97 ext . roadside bar - dusk 97 Ellis and neckbone pull into the gravel lot in front of a roadside bar . the cinder block building sit by itself just off the highway . Cars and motorcycle fill the lot . neckbone you think this be it ? ellis it 's gotta be . 98 int . roadside bar - continuous 98 the small bar be loud and crowded . shoulder to shoulder patron bump against one another as music blare . neckbone and Ellis press through the crowd search for juniper . they be a good foot short than anyone else . Ellis notice a man at the bar . it 's Miller , the bounty hunter from King 's motel . he 's stare at something across the room . Ellis follow he line of sight . the crowd weave in front of he , but then he see she . juniper lean against a pool table at the far end of the bar . a guy ( 32 ) whisper in she ear and kiss she neck . she throw she head back , laugh . Ellis watch in disbelief . nearby , the bartender ( 46 ) fill a customer 's shot glass . the two underage kid catch he attention . 87 . Ellis ' face be freeze , lock on juniper . neckbone place a hand on he shoulder . juniper 's eye drift toward the boy . she make eye contact with Ellis , and she smile vanish . the guy keep whisper in she ear . juniper straighten she back slightly . Ellis can not take he eye off she . juniper stare back at he , but do not make a move . after a moment , juniper 's eye fall to the floor . she turn she head back to the guy . the crowd fill back in and the image be out of Ellis ' reach . bartender ( o.s. ) what the hell be ya will doin ' ?! the bartender swoops in , grab they both by the back of they neck and shove they toward the door . Ellis strain against the thick hand . he try to get another look at juniper , but it 's too crowded . 99 ext . roadside bar - dusk - continuous 99 the bartender fling Ellis and neckbone into the parking lot . neckbone slide on the loose gravel . bartender ya will stay outta here ! Ellis just stand stare at the front door . the bartender make a swatting motion toward they . bartender ( cont 'd ) I say get outta here !!! neckbone gather he friend and lead he away . neckbone thanks a lot asshole ! ( to ellis ) come on man . they head over to neckbone 's dirt bike . he pull out the key and climb on . Ellis hesitates . neckbone ( cont 'd ) I will take you home . ellis we be gonna have to tell mud . neckbone drop he head , nod reluctantly . 88. 100 ext . island shore - night 100 the boy struggle to pull the heavy motor out of they boat . it hit the shoreline with a thud . they lean over it , suck air . ellis just leave it . mud will have to help get it . neckbone what be you gonna tell he ? ellis I will just tell he the truth . 101 ext . island / southern shore - night 101 mud stand at the back of the boat , which now rest on the boat trailer near the water . his face be clean shaven and he hair be wetted back . his shirt , still filthy , be tuck into he pants . he whistle and work by the light of a small fire nearby . Ellis step out from behind a tree . he 's hold the grocery sack that be leave on he houseboat . ellis mud ! mud , hearing the voice , quickly put down he tool and turn to the wood . he smooth he clothes down . mud what you say there ?! Ellis appear out of the dark , follow by neckbone . mud 's eye search the treeline for juniper . mud ( cont 'd ) what you say Ellis ? Ellis can not look he in the eye . ellis we get that motor . mud be juniper okay ? ellis yeah . mud where be she ? 89 . ellis she do not meet up with we . mud what happen ? be it carver ? ellis it be not carver . mud straighten up , prepare for the news . mud what 's goin ' on Ellis ? ellis she be suppose to meet we on the side of the motel . she never show up . we go ask for she . the motel clerk tell we she go to a bar out on 61 . mud what ? ellis we track she down . she be there with another guy . ( hesitate ) they be together . mud 's face drop . he walk to the fire and shake a cooking pot rest in the coal . the pot bubbles with roof tar . mud she probably think carver be on to she . ellis she know the plan mud . she just do not show up . mud what be she doin ' with the other guy ? Ellis hesitates , not want to say . mud push . mud ( cont 'd ) what be they doin' Ellis ? ellis they be playin ' pool . drinkin ' . he be close up on she . they be laughin' . he kiss she on the neck . mud nod . 90 . mud and that 's how it be . he take the pot of roofing tar over to the boat and begin pasting some of the newly replace board with a flat stick . ellis what do you want we to do ? mud just go home Ellis . Ellis look at neckbone , then set the grocery sack on the ground . ellis Tom leave this for you . they slowly retreat into the wood and disappear . mud turn back to the campfire and shove the pot into the ash . his eye , soft and red , reflect the flame . 102 ext . MISSISSIPPI river - night 102 Ellis and neckbone motor away from the island in the flat bottom boat . they look back at the shore . ellis you think it 's all right to leave he alone ?! neckbone I doubt it ! neckbone see Ellis ' concern . neckbone ( cont 'd ) I will sleep over at you house tonight ! we can check on he first thing tomorrow ! Ellis nod . as they head further up river , the island grow smaller , silhouett by the moonlight . 103 int . ellis ' room - morning 103 neckbone snore , sprawle out on top of a sleep bag on the floor . Ellis sit up in bed with something on he mind . he get up and step gingerly over neckbone to exit the room . 104 int . ellis ' houseboat - den - continuous 104 the house be silent . Ellis slip into the kitchen and pick up the phone receiver mount on the cabinet . 91 . he pull the cord out to stand with he face in the corner . he dial , wait , and speak softly into the receiver . ellis hello ? be May Pearl there ... this be Ellis ... I call yesterday , you give she my message ?... my name be Ellis . I be she boyfriend ... oh , she 's asleep ... I say she 's asleep ? the front door fly open . senior storm headlong toward Ellis . he shout . senior mary lee ! Ellis turn as senior yank the phone by the cord . it snap out of Ellis ' hand and smashes apart on the floor . Ellis flinch at the sight of he father fly at he . senior ( cont 'd ) what the hell have you be do ? what have you be doin '?!! senior grab Ellis by the arm and shove he against the de wall . Mary Lee come run from she room . mary lee senior ! senior dammit ! she slap at she husband 's arm and back . he swat she away . senior you tell she . you tell she what you have be up to . ellis I do not know what you be sayin' . mary lee take you hand off he senior ! senior keep Ellis pin to the wall with he leave hand . he open up and address Mary Lee with he right . senior j.j. Crawford say a boat motor go missin ' from he stock yard . Said he daughter see this one and he friend haulin ' it off . this make Mary Lee pause . senior ( cont 'd ) now you tell I right now , do you steal that motor ? 92 . ellis we do not steal it . senior lie to I again . ellis we think it be junk . we do not think it be worth anything . mary lee Ellis ? a cool anger rush over senior 's face . he release Ellis and take a step back . senior you tell I I raise a thief ? ellis I be not a thief . senior you take property that 's not yours . property that belong to another man . that junk be he livelihood . I be ashamed of you . Ellis drop he head . his face flushed . mary lee senior . senior ( to Mary Lee ) shut you mouth . you think you can take thing and not have he see it ? neither one of you have any respect for a man 's livelihood . a life that put clothes on you back and food in you stomach . mary lee do not you blame this on I . one do not have a thing to do with the other and you know it . senior do not tell I what I know . if you can steal a man 's life out from under he in front of you son and think he will not take a lesson from it than you be even dumber than you look . ellis stop it dad . 93. senior volley a finger at Ellis . senior she 's raisin ' you a snake like herself , and you can curl up with she `fore I give a damn . you just remember this when you watch they rip this house apart board by board . you hear me! Mary Lee slap senior hard . he turn to she , say nothing . mary lee you be a man who 's never have the strength to support he own life . I never ask you for a thing , and I have never take a thing from you that I could not provide for on my own . if they do tear my home apart the only joy I will have in my heart be knowin ' that they will be tear you out of my life for good . she wipe she eye and turn she attention to Ellis . mary lee ( cont 'd ) Ellis . you will return that motor from where you find it and you ' will apologize in person to the man you take it from . I will not hear about anything like this again . Mary Lee walk to the front door . she collect she purse and key and exit quietly . senior and Ellis stand in silence , which feel even more uncomfortable than the shouting . Ellis finally speak . ellis I can not take that motor back . but I will pay he for it . I will pay he what he want for it . senior , stoic , pivot he body away from the boy . senior I do not care what you do Ellis . senior retreat to the bedroom . Ellis be leave alone in the wake . he look to he room . the door open slightly and neckbone take a step out . neckbone do not say anything . he just bite at he lip , sympathy for he friend . 94 . 105 ext . island shore landing - day 105 charre hunk of driftwood smolder in a ruin pile on the sand . they constitute the remain of a large bonfire . neckbone and Ellis stare at the ash . neckbone what the hell 's all this ? ellis it 's a bonfire . neckbone I guess he do not care about bein ' see . Ellis kick at one of the burn log . he bend down and find the bottle of Jack Daniels , smashed . ellis he have something else on he mind . come on . Ellis lead neckbone into the treeline . 106 ext . island wood / creek - day 106 mud 's yellow shirt hang , partially rip , from a tree branch . Ellis pull it off the limb . concerned , they head deeper into the wood , over the fall tree trunk that bridge the creek . 107 ext . island wood and southern shore - day 107 the boy watch mud through the tree at a distance . he 's crouch on the deck of the boat fiddling with wiring . mud , give no sign he see the boy , yell out to they . mud what be ya will hidin ' for ? mud drop the wiring and scale down to the bank . they emerge from the wood . Ellis carry the yellow shirt . ellis we find you shirt . Ellis toss it to he . mud toss it back . mud keep it . I do not need it anymore . mud go to the motor at the rear to tinker with more wire . 95 . ellis we see what 's leave of you bonfire . ( no response ) somebody could have see you . mud I guess . ellis you do some drinkin ' last night ? mud I do a lot of drinkin ' last night . mud stop and walk over to address the boy . his face be pale and he manner be curt . mud ( cont 'd ) neck I be gonna need you here to get the motor runnin' . Ellis I need you to do something else for I . mud remove a fold note from he back pocket . mud ( cont 'd ) I need you to take this to juniper . ellis okay mud. Ellis take the letter . mud go back to the boat motor . he motion to neckbone to join he . mud let 's go . ellis you still takin ' juniper ? mud I have a dream last night . I see juniper lay in a field with another man . they be make love . I walk out into the field . walk toward `em . I be so angry the tip of my ear be burnin' . that 's how I know I be gonna kill this man . but when I get up close enough , I see that the man she be with have tattoo on he back , just like mine . I move in closer and the guy turn he head back toward I . Hair for hair , dead truth , the guy she be with be I . mud duck back under the motor . Ellis look at neckbone , worried . 96 . mud ( cont 'd ) I will finish the boat , but I would be surprised if I live long enough to sail on it . a vision of yourself be a sure sign of death . neck can you grab I a socket wrench ? neckbone and Ellis walk to the toolbox sit nearby . they crouch by it , speak quietly . neckbone you be all right ? ellis yeah . what about you ? neckbone he will be okay . ellis can I borrow you bike ? neckbone fish the key out of he pocket . hesitates . neckbone do not tump it . Ellis nod . neckbone walk over to mud with the toolbox . letter in hand , Ellis give a final look toward mud 's labor and walk back into the wood . on he way , he stop to hang mud 's shirt on a tree branch . 108 ext . MISSISSIPPI river - day 108 Ellis ride in the flat bottom boat alone . he stare at the letter in he hand . 109 ext . piggly wiggly - day 109 Ellis sit on the dirt bike . he scan the parking lot . no black lincoln . his eye stop on a green pick -up . Miller , sit inside . Ellis look around and find a pay phone nearby . he get off the bike and walk toward it . Ellis remove the flier carver give he . he dial a phone number copy at the bottom . ellis ( into the phone ) hello . I see the guy you be lookin ' for ... yeah , he 's crazy lookin ' . saw he at the wal-mart outside of gillet . he be buyin' some beanie weenie ...' bout five minute ago . 97 . Ellis hang up the phone . he walk back over to the bike , climb on and wait . after a moment , he watch as Miller 's green pick - up pull out of the piggly wiggly parking lot and race away . Ellis crank the bike . 110 ext . executive inn / juniper' room - continuous 110 Ellis , at a slight crouch , keep he eye on the piggly wiggly parking lot . the green pick - up be nowhere in sight . at juniper 's door , he knock twice , softly . the door swing open . juniper stand there , hold a light cigarette . juniper I be wonderin ' when I would see you . Ellis check over he shoulder and walk inside 111 int . executive inn / juniper' room - continuous 111 the bed be unmade and the room be a bit of a mess . Ellis keep he head down . juniper close the door and take a seat on the edge of the bed . she grab the remote control and mute the television . juniper I be sorry about last night . I do not plan on ... before she can finish Ellis have fished the letter out of he pocket and hold it out to she . ellis I be suppose to give this to you . juniper take the letter . juniper okay . Ellis go to the door . he pull the bedroom curtain back slightly to check the parking lot . the coast be clear . juniper ( cont 'd ) do you read it ? ellis no . I gotta go . juniper Ellis ? he turn to she . 98 . juniper ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . ellis all you have to do be be there . juniper I could not . ellis then why would you even come here ? juniper I come here to leave with he . I really do . but now ... now I guess I just come to say goodbye . his eye fall to the floor . juniper ( cont 'd ) you do not know we Ellis . we have be headin ' this way for a long time . ellis I know he would do anything for you . she put she cigarette out in a Coke can on the floor . juniper you really believe that ? Ellis nod . juniper speak to he gently , almost smile . it 's a look of resignation . juniper ( cont 'd ) mud 's a bear liar . that 's what make he so likable . he make people feel good about themselves . he 's a romantic . I do not think he mean to hurt people . but when people get close to he , that 's what happen . Ellis watch she as she go to the sink and wet the end of a towel . she dab she eye at the mirror . juniper ( cont 'd ) I do love he Ellis . but I can not spend the rest of my life runnin ' with he . I may not know what kind of life I want , but I know that 's not it . her back to he , Ellis watch as she unfold the letter and begin read . he angle himself to see she face in the mirror . he watch she eye scan the word . no emotion . 99 . she finish , fold the letter back up , then turn to he . juniper ( cont 'd ) tell he I understand . ellis what 's it say ? juniper it say it 's over . tell he I have pack my thing . tell he I have go . she take a deep breath and smile at he . juniper ( cont 'd ) bye Ellis . Ellis turn and walk out . 112 ext . executive inn / juniper' room - continuous 112 Ellis , deject , no longer bother to look over he shoulder . he walk to the staircase but stop there . feeling the need to say something more , he go back to she room . he put he knuckle flat on the door but hesitates . he lean over and look through the window . the sliver in the curtain give he a glimpse . juniper be curl up on the end of the bed . she be sobbing . Ellis watch longer than he should before pull he head away from the window . Ellis head back downstairs . 113 ext . intersection / sonic drive - in - day 113 Ellis , riding the dirtbike , look to he leave into the sonic drive - in parking lot . the high school kid have gather there again . he notice a rust color Ford coup . the driver , a older kid name kyle ( 18 ) , sit beside May Pearl laugh . Ellis steer into traffic and cross the street . he pull onto a patch of grass at the edge of the sonic parking lot . in one motion , Ellis tump the bike on its side and make a b- line for the coup . inside the car , Kyle 's hand be on May Pearl 's knee . 100 . kyle so what would she say ? may pearl she say she do not like he that much . I tell she I think he be all right . Ellis appear with he elbow in the driver 's side window . he stick he head so far in the door that Kyle have to lean back in he seat to make room . May Pearl be surprised . Kyle snort out a laugh . ellis you get my phone call ? may pearl what ? ellis I have be callin ' you . ( motion with he head ) who 's this guy ? kyle get you head outta my car kid . Ellis take he right elbow and quickly knock Kyle in the mouth . it split he upper lip . Kyle grab he face . kyle ( cont 'd ) shit ! may pearl Ellis ! ellis I call you twice yesterday . you sister do not tell you ? Kyle sling the door open knock Ellis to the pavement . from the ground , Ellis can see that Kyle be big and considerably tougher than the skinny kid he punch before . Kyle 's friend from other car take notice and begin to converge on they . Ellis make a move for Kyle 's leg but be kick back to the pavement . Kyle straddle he on the ground and punch he . another punch to Ellis ' face . May Pearl be out of the car and yell . may pearl Kyle ! stop it Kyle ! 101 . May Pearl pull Kyle by the collar . by he own will , he raise off of Ellis , keep a eye on he . a streak of blood stretch from Ellis ' nose to he ear . he get to he foot , daze . Ellis wipe at he nose and see May Pearl shove Kyle . Kyle smile and turn to he friend , who laugh . the crowd that have collect consist of older high school guy and girl . Ellis step toward May Pearl and be meet with a shove too . may pearl ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you doin ' here Ellis ?! ellis what ? may pearl you can not just run up and punch people I be with ! ellis I be sorry , I just want to know why you have not call I back . I ... may pearl why would I call you back Ellis ? ellis because you be my girlfriend . the crowd be watch . may pearl I be not you girlfriend ! we go on one date . one ! ellis we kiss . may pearl that do not matter ! ellis yeah but ... may pearl but what Ellis ?! what do you expect ?! ellis I love you . 102 . may pearl you be fourteen ! ellis do not . wait . we can make this work . we can figure it out . I love you . may pearl what ? Ellis be lose it . his eye be red . he look at the crowd of kid . there be smile and some snicker . May Pearl be speechless . she just stare at he . Ellis turn and walk back to the dirt bike . May Pearl 's girlfriend gather around she . she shake she head , dumbstruck . Ellis lift the bike off the ground . he look back at May Pearl who appear to be shrugging off the whole affair in front of she friend . Ellis speed off . 114 ext . ellis ' houseboat / riverbank - day 114 a fire snap and pop on the riverbank next to Ellis ' houseboat . Ellis drag a piece of particle board from a trash pile nearby . he drop the board onto the fire and stand back to watch the blaze . neckbone 's bike lean on a tree behind he . senior 's truck rattles to a stop in the gravel just down the bank . he jump out of the cab exasperate by the fire he son have start by they home . senior what the hell be you doin ' ?! Ellis say nothing . he do not move . senior , continue to yell , run and drag a hose up from the houseboat . senior ( cont 'd ) Ellis dammit ! what the hell 's wrong with you ?! the fire hiss as senior turn the hose on it . senior ( cont 'd ) Ellis ? look at I . Ellis finally look up at he father . a phone ring from inside the houseboat . senior hold the hose in front of he . senior ( cont 'd ) take it . put this damn thing out . 103 . Ellis take the hose as senior stomp on board to catch the phone . Ellis drop the hose . senior 's voice , speak into the telephone , faintly carry outside . he 's yell . Ellis turn he head to listen . senior ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I do not give a shit ! Fine ! I do not care what you do ! I be do with it ! Ellis move around the fire so he can see the houseboat through the flame . he hear the phone slam down . senior appear at the back door . he stare at Ellis through the fire . Ellis move to the side but realize senior be not stare at he . he 's stare at the fire . senior disappear back into the house . there be a commotion . Ellis watch as senior burst out of the house hold a armful of woman 's clothes . senior walk up to the bonfire and begin toss clothes on top piece by piece . ellis what be you do ? Ellis watch as dress and blouse begin to shrivel up in the flame . ellis ( cont 'd ) stop it ! that 's mom 's stuff ! stop it ! Ellis shove at senior . he easily counter the boy with he arm and continue toss the clothes into the fire . Ellis be scream and cry . ellis ( cont 'd ) stop it ! stop ! Ellis try yanking the remain clothes out of he father 's hand but senior shake he off . Ellis stumble . he watch with tear as senior toss all of the clothes on . senior watch he wife 's clothes burn . Ellis back away to the bike . he climb on , crank the engine and speed off . 115 ext . island shore - day 115 Ellis grounds the flat-bottom on shore and jump out . 116 ext . island wood / creek - day 116 Ellis thrashes through the wood . his muddy foot stomp across the fall tree trunk that bridge the creek . 104 . 117 ext . island / southern shore - day 117 the boat rest on its trailer on the edge of the bank . mud stand on board look down at the motor . neckbone , tool in hand , have he head bury in the motor . neckbone try it now . mud turn a switch . no result . mud nothin' . neckbone sonofabitch . Ellis emerge from the treeline . mud see he and hop down from the boat . he walk up to he . mud what would she ... Ellis punch mud with as much force as he can muster . it 's barely enough to turn mud 's face , but it stun he . ellis you be a liar . makin ' two kid run around doin ' work you be too scared to do yourself . makin ' I tell she it 's over `cause you be too scared to do it yourself . mud step back and give the boy he space . neckbone have make he way over and watch from behind mud. ellis ( cont 'd ) you say you love she and you lie . you give up on she and she give up on you just like everybody else . I trust you . bonfire and cross . Wolf 's eye bullshit . mud try to approach he but the boy explode , shove he . ellis ( cont 'd ) everything you've told I be a lie ! you never care about she . you never care about we . not like you say . not enough to matter . you use we . mud come on Ellis . mud hold a hand out to he . Ellis slap it away . 105 . ellis you make I a thief ! Ellis walk back into the wood . mud exhales and turn back to neckbone . neckbone let I talk to he . 118 ext . island wood / creek - day 118 Ellis walk through the wood . neckbone follow . neckbone Ellis ! Ellis , stop for a second ! neckbone watch as Ellis reach the tree trunk that bridge the creek . Ellis step onto the log , but he muddy shoe miss a step . he slip . neckbone see Ellis disappear down into the creek bed . neckbone ( cont 'd ) ellis ! neckbone rush over . he crane he neck out to peer over the edge , a solid eight foot drop into the creek . Ellis float face up in the shallow water . he 's unconscious . a wound on he head from a nearby rock . the nest of water moccasin have be disturb ; snake writhe around ellis ' body . neckbone 's eye widen . he dart back toward the shore . 119 ext . island / southern shore - day 119 mud stand at the rear of the boat massage he jaw . neckbone ( o.s. ) mud ! mud ! mud hear the yell . neckbone explode from the tree . neckbone ( cont 'd ) mud ! ellis fell ! he fell in the creek ! mud rush forward . neckbone ( cont 'd ) he fell into snake ! the snake ! mud stop . 106 . neckbone ( cont 'd ) mud please ! mud look around . his shirt hang from a tree limb nearby . he snag it and dart into the wood . 120 ext . island wood / creek - day 120 mud streak through the wood as he get he other arm through the shirt sleeve . he reach the creek . without hesitate , mud leap down into the water , scoops Ellis into he arm and scale up the opposite side of the creek bed . mud sprint for the north side of the island . neckbone chase after they . 121 ext . northern shore and river - day 121 mud cradle Ellis in he arm as he rush to the flat- bottom boat . he set Ellis gently inside . neckbone on he heel . mud shove the boat into the water and hop in . neckbone wade out and crawl up the side of the boat . mud get the motor start . neckbone crank the motor . as they move up river , mud search Ellis ' body . he look at he neck , he arm , he pull up he shirt . neckbone be he okay ?! be he bit ?! mud notice Ellis ' jeans leg riding up . he pull the jeans back . a bite in the middle of he calf . it 's a bluish bruise with two distinct red dot . the skin around the bite have already begin to swell . mud shit . he rip the jeans up to the thigh . mud tear a section of cloth from the bottom of he own shirt and create a tourniquet just below Ellis ' knee . mud ( cont 'd ) what time be it ? mud pull a black sharpie out of he pocket . neckbone do not answer , just stare . mud ( cont 'd ) what time be it ?! 107 . neckbone check he watch . neckbone it 's four eighteen ! mud draw a line on Ellis ' leg just above the swollen bite . he write , " 418 " . mud yell out every 10 minute ! mud elevate Ellis ' leg then gently cup he head . he dab the gash on Ellis ' forehead . neckbone be he gonna be okay ?! mud we just need to get he to a clinic ! be there still one in town ?! neckbone yeah ! mud it 's the close ?! neckbone yeah ! mud I be gonna need you bike ! neckbone be you bit ?! mud shake he head . mud no . he hold Ellis as they move steadily up river . 122 ext . riverbank - day 122 the flat bottom boat approach the riverbank . neckbone point to the sandy ridge and yell up to mud . neckbone my bike should be just over that ridge ! mud look at Ellis ' leg . the swell have creep up he thigh . Black line with number mark its progress : " 428 , 438 , 448 " . Ellis ' face have take on a blue tint . 108 . the boat have not reach the shore , but mud take Ellis in he arm and jump into the water . he wade onto the bank . 123 at the bike , 123 mud straddle it , turn Ellis ' body so they be face to face . he crank the bike and speed away . neckbone make it to the top of the ridge in time to see mud disappear into the tree . 124 ext . two - lane highway - day 124 mud speed the dirt bike down the two - lane highway . he 's far too big for the bike and it 's even trickier balance Ellis . come up on a slow move pick - up overload with junk , mud veer into the oppose lane . oncoming traffic . mud dart back to he lane in time to miss a semi . 125 ext . clinic - day 125 a male nurse ( 36 ) wheel a elderly man through the slide double front door of a small clinic . mud appear around the corner . the bike speed toward the entrance . in a fluid motion , mud take Ellis in he arm and lift he leg over the bike . the bike tilt and slide across the pavement , smack solidly into the curb . mud have manage to stay on he foot with the boy in he arm and rush through the automatic front door . 126 int . clinic - continuous 126 the reception area have a dozen patient sit in it . a check - in desk to the leave . mud hold Ellis out in he arm . mud I need help here ! a female nurse rush out of the check - in area . female nurse just stay calm . what 's go on ? mud he 's be snake bit . another nurse rush off call for a doctor . the room become more frenzied . patient talk . nurse shouting . 109 . mud ( cont 'd ) he 's snake bit . a cotton mouth . on he calf . just under a hour . as quickly as mud get this out , a group of nurse rush out of a door at the end of the room push a gurney . they take Ellis from mud 's arm , place he on the gurney , and speed he into the back of the clinic . the commotion go , the reception area feel oddly still . mud take a deep breath . he look to he right . patient stare at he . he 's beyond dishevel . he 's crazy look . mud turn to he leave . the male nurse stare at he . for the first time , mud realize he 's out in the open . male nurse Sir ? mud slowly back up . male nurse ( cont 'd ) Sir ? we be gonna need some information ? mud back out of the automatic door . the entire room stare at he . 127 ext . clinic - continuous 127 mud be outside . the glass door close . he nervously check over he shoulder . he spot a bank of tree just down from the clinic . he head for they . the front door slide open and the male nurse walk out . male nurse Sir ?! mud hop into the bank of tree and disappear . 128 int . clinic - continuous 128 the patient in the reception area settle back into they seat and discuss the commotion . the male nurse enter and walk behind the check - in window . in the window , the male nurse finger through a pile of papers . 110 . he remove one of the flier that carver and he man have be show . the nurse study the photo , look back at the front door . he pick up the phone and dial the number at the bottom . 129 int . pine motel - continuous 129 in the adjoin room , the phone ring . King step through the doorway , take a seat on the bed , and answer . king hello ... yes ... yessir we be ... uh huh . King take a pen from he shirt pocket and scribbles on a pad on the nightstand . king ( cont 'd ) now where would you say you be ?... okay ... he 's go . okay ... but you say he leave the boy ?... and you name sir ? 130 ext . executive inn - evening 130 the sun have be down for awhile . juniper lean on the railing outside she room take long drag from a cigarette . she see Miller 's green pick - up park below . suddenly the headlight pop on and the truck pull away . she watch , curious , as it speed out of sight . a train whistle blow in the distance but be overtaken by a semi rumbling down the street . she watch the semi pass revealing the day / nite Gas Station 's parking lot . a130 mud stand in the corner of the lot . half light by a sodium a130 lamp , he stare up at she . juniper raise up . even in the dim light she know it 's he . she do not move . mud hold up a hand , wave . juniper slowly wave back . she try to smile at he , but she 's about to cry and it 's hard to muster . mud smile . after a long moment , he turn he back and disappear in the shadow at the side of the gas station . juniper watch after he . 131 ext . black bayou - night 131 the night sky be dark purple . a unnatural color . 111 . Ellis be on he back . eye close . his head jostle at the SOUND of thumping . more thumping . it sound like the hood of a car dent in . his eye open . he stare up at a absurdly full moon . it 's so bright it totally silhouettes the tree branch overhead . the thumping continue . Ellis put he hand on the edge of the flat- bottom boat he 's float in and pull himself up . he lean over the side to see what 's cause the noise . the water be jet black . the entire bayou pulsate . Ellis ' eye grow wide as the thumping reveal itself . the bayou be filled to the brim with snake . the moonlight illuminate they shiny black back as they twist and churn in what seem like one giant ball of snake . Ellis lie back in the boat bring he arm close to he chest . he flinch at each thump . his eye squeeze shut . 132 int . ellis ' room - night 132 his eye open . Ellis bolt up in bed cover in a cold sweat . Mary Lee place a palm on he chest . mary lee it 's okay . you be okay . just set back . Mary Lee guide Ellis back down on the pillow . senior stand with he arm on she shoulder . they look down at they son . ellis where be I ? mary lee you be home . we get you home . Ellis take a second to get he bearing . his mother lift a glass of sprite up to he mouth . he take a sip . senior you have we scared son . senior step forward and kiss Ellis on the forehead . stay close to he face . senior ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) I be so glad you be okay . mary lee the doctor give you some medicine . you have a snake bite . 112 . ellis how would I get to the doctor ? mary lee a man bring you in . no one know he . Ellis try to sit up in bed , but he mother stop he . mary lee ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . you just need to rest up now . we can talk all about it later . do you need anything ? be you hungry ? ellis no . senior gently pat she shoulder . senior come on . let 's let he rest . Mary Lee touch senior 's hand on she shoulder . she stand . mary lee I will be back in to check on you but just try and sleep if you can . ellis okay . senior lead Mary Lee to the door . ellis ( cont 'd ) Mom ? dad ? they turn back . ellis ( cont 'd ) I love ya will . mary lee we love you too Ellis . they exit the room . Ellis rest he head back on the pillow and take a deep breath . 133 ext . island / southern shore - night 133 mud and neckbone shove against the back of the boat trailer . the wheel of the trailer rock at the edge of the bank 's incline . sheet of metal roofing take from the shack Ellis and neckbone dismantle line a runway into the water . 113. mud ( straining ) almost there . the wheel finally turn over . the trailer roll down the bank and splashes into the water . the boat shimmy . mud and neckbone follow the trailer into knee deep water and shove on the boat . a final push jettison it into the river . they step back as the boat drift out . a rope tie to its back become teach as it stretch from a tree on shore . mud ( cont 'd ) the sun do shine on a dog 's ass some day . neckbone it be not sink yet . mud smile . he hold out he hand , which neckbone slap . neckbone ( cont 'd ) I wish Ellis could see it . mud I know . mud walk back on shore and collect he duffel bag . mud ( cont 'd ) I owe you you end of the deal . mud remove the pistol from the back of he jeans . neckbone 's eye light up . mud hand it over and neckbone immediately notice a hole where the clip be miss . neckbone where the bullet ? mud the deal be for the gun , not the bullet . neckbone shit . neckbone begrudgingly cram the pistol into the back of he pants . mud I get one last favor to ask you . neckbone suck he tooth . 114 . 134 ext . ellis ' houseboat - night 134 Water gently lap at the side of Ellis ' houseboat . the bayou be quiet . from the darkness , neckbone and mud appear in the flat-bottom boat . they paddle with they hand . approach in silence . 135 int . ellis ' room - night 135 Ellis stare at the ceiling , unable to sleep . a tap come from the window . Ellis sit up in bed . mud poke he head in . he whisper . mud Ellis ? ellis mud ? mud yeah . mud pull he body through the window . it 's tight but he manage to make it look somewhat graceful . mud take a quick survey of the dark room . Ellis begin to get out of bed . mud ( cont 'd ) no , do not get up . mud motion he back down and pull the chair from the desk over to the bed . they speak in hushed voice . ellis how would you get here ? mud neck bring I . 136 ext . ellis ' houseboat - continuous 136 neckbone sit in the flat- bottom tie off at the corner . from the treeline on shore , all EIGHT of the bounty hunters sit hunkere in the tree . carver squat next to a stump . he load shotgun shell into a 12 gauge pump and motion for the other to fan out along the bank . 137 int . ellis ' room - continuous 137 mud we get the boat in the water . ellis you do ? 115 . mud just now . smooth sailin ' from here on out . ellis good . mud wish you coulda see it . ellis I too . mud do not feel right leavin ' town without sayin ' goodbye . there be a awkward moment . ellis I be sorry `bout what I say . mud no. no . you be right to be mad . you be right about a lot of thing . I be the one that 's sorry . I shoulda never get ya will into all this . I just do not see any other way around it . but I could not leave without you knowin ' I never lie about be you friend . I never lie about that . ellis I know . mud I do not traffic in the truth too often . but I do love she . I do love she . ellis she love you too . she say it . this fact still strike mud . he nod . mud I just make mistake . we both do . this be a hard life to keep up with . you can not blame she for gettin ' tired of tryin' . ellis my dad say you can not count on woman lovin ' you . he say you can not trust it . 116 . mud that 's not true . do not judge you life on all of we mistake . you will make plenty mistake of you own , no need takin ' on everybody else 's . you be a good man Ellis . if you find a girl half as good , you will be all right . ellis you be a good man too mud . mud smile . mud no. I be not . but maybe from here on out I can be ... a shotgun blast rip a fist-size hole in the flimsy interior wall . mud , as if by reflex , yank Ellis from the sheet and shove he under the bed . boom . boom . bit of sheetrock fall like snow flake as more hole blast through the bedroom wall . mud flinch with each shot . he cover he own head with one hand and the boy with the other . ellis mud ?! mud stay put ! just stay under there ! the SOUND of shotgun shell be slip into the chamber . mud get to a crouch . through the hole in the wall , mud make out Nelson , the fat bounty hunter , reloading he gun . 138 in the den , 138 Nelson finish reloading . the riddled bedroom wall hang in front of he . a door open behind he . he swivel around . senior , in a robe , rush from he bedroom with a pistol levele . he 's meet with a shotgun blast just above he head . pellet nick he face . senior hit the ground and elbow he way back inside he bedroom door . senior ellis ! ellis ! senior scream , he voice crack . 139 in ellis ' room , 139 117 . senior ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( muffle through the wall ) ellis ! mud ( whispering ) do not move Ellis . just stay put . they just want I . through the hole mud see Nelson approach Ellis ' bedroom . he run for the window at the foot of the bed . another shotgun blast throw open the door as mud leap out . 140 ext . ellis ' houseboat - continuous 140 mud crash headfirst onto the edge of the houseboat grasp for anything to keep from slide off . his hand catch a metal deck cleat . it bend under he weight but hold . mud get to he foot and be meet by the tip of a rifle . Miller , the man from the cafe , stand poise to fire . mud 's hand slip to the back of he pants for he pistol . nothing . he look to the flat- bottom tie at the far edge of the boat . no sign of neckbone . Miller 's finger curl around the trigger . suddenly , a bullet snick through Miller 's neck . mud flinch . Miller 's hand come up to he neck but can not hold the blood run from it . he topple into the water . 141 ext . tom blankenship' houseboat - continuous 141 Tom blankenship sit in the fold chair on the roof of he houseboat . he shuck a empty shell from a high - powered rifle complete with scope . the long suitcase from the photo in Tom 's house sit open at he foot . it have compartment for the disassembled rifle . Tom quickly raise to a new fire position . he squint a eye , search for another target . a141 from this vantage point , Ellis ' houseboat be clearly visible ; a141 partially light by the two flood light . four other bounty hunter swarm the boat . 142 int . ellis ' room - continuous 142 still under the bed , Ellis try to hold he breath as Nelson 's boot step into the room . they pause for a moment , before sluggishly struggle through the bedroom window . 143 ext . ellis ' houseboat - continuous 143 mud rush to untie the flat-bottom . 118. a bullet splinter the corner of the dock send shard of wood into mud 's hand . he see two more gunmen skirt toward he on the deck of the houseboat . mud take cover against the wall and find the muzzle of Nelson 's gun teeter out Ellis ' window . he grab the muzzle and yank the shotgun free . Nelson , stick in the window , look up in time to take a rifle butt in the face . he fall back into the room unconscious . neckbone ( o.s. ) mud ! 144 on the riverbank , 144 James , the man with the mustache , hold neckbone in a headlock try to cover he mouth . carver stand with he shotgun levele and fire at mud . 145 on the boat , 145 mud duck as carver 's shot take out a chunk of siding . the SOUND of boot rush up the side of the boat . mud , gun in hand , jump back through Ellis ' window . 146 on the riverbank , 146 carver turn to neckbone . carver let he go . James unhand the boy . neckbone sprint into the wood . carver ( cont 'd ) come on . they move toward the houseboat . 147 int . ellis ' room / houseboat - continuous 147 mud get to he foot , step over a unconscious Nelson on he way to the bedroom door . mud you still down there bud ? ellis yeah . mud stay put . mud pop out of the bedroom into the de . 119 . 148 in senior' bedroom , 148 Mary Lee , curl under the bed , frantically dial the phone . senior , propped against the close door , use he undershirt to dab the pellet wound around he neck . hear footstep , he crack the door open . he see mud stand in the de . senior cock he pistol 149 in the den , 149 the front door be kicked open . mud dive behind a lazy Boy as a bounty Hunter fire through the doorway . the back of the lazy Boy explode in fluff and fabric . mud raise up to return fire , force the man back out the door . mud crouch back behind the lazy Boy . unbeknownst to he , another man appear outside two slide glass door . the man raise he rifle at mud . one of Tom 's bullet rip through the man 's chest and shatter the glass door . mud flinch . another Hunter step into the now break door frame . mud fire the shotgun , blow the man into the patio grill . a149 mud can see Tom 's houseboat silhouett across the a149 bayou . a muzzle flash spark from the top of Tom 's boat . this make mud smile . 150 the Front door kick open again and more pellet shatter 150 through the de . mud raise to return fire . one shot , two , the third be a dead click . he drop back behind the chair , out of shell . 151 ext . ellis ' houseboat - continuous 151 carver step across the plank onto the houseboat follow by James . carver motion he around back toward Ellis ' window . carver flush he out this way . carver walk to the cover carport . 152 int . ellis ' houseboat - continuous 152 in the den , the hunters at the front door continue take pot shot at the furniture . mud flinch at each new round fire . 153 in ellis ' room , 153 120 . Ellis cautiously slide out from under he bed and crouch next to the bedroom door . he peek through a crack . he see mud pin behind the lazy Boy . they make eye contact . mud 's eye move to something behind Ellis . Ellis turn to see James pass by he bedroom window . 154 ext . tom blankenship' houseboat - continuous 154 Tom scan Ellis ' boat through the scope on he rifle . he see carver creep around the carport . he pan right to find James take a position near the patio door . Tom pause , see Ellis appear at the corner of the boat just behind James . 155 int . ellis ' houseboat - den - continuous 155 the fire from the front door have stop . mud take a deep breath , set the empty shotgun on the ground , then rush out the slide glass door as the man out front reload . 156 ext . ellis ' houseboat / tom' houseboat - continuous 156 mud make it outside , he back to James ' levele rifle . ellis mud ! James and mud both turn at the sound of Ellis ' voice . one of Tom 's bullet drop James dead . carver appear at the carport end of the boat . he raise he shotgun toward mud. a156 on tom , a156 he snap the bolt open and close , but it jam . he jerk at the lever , look up he see carver take aim . 157 on mud , 157 mud take a run leap off the side of the boat . carver fire . mud be strike in the back by the shotgun blast . the force of the shot spin he in the air . he crash into the water . Ellis scream . ellis ( cont 'd ) mud ! carver approach the edge of the boat . he stare down into the swirl dark water . no sign of mud . 121. a157 on tom , a157 Tom slap open the bolt and yank the spend cartridge out with he finger . it burn . tom dammit ! on carver , he pump the shotgun and fire into the murky water . the pellet pepper the surface . still no sign of mud . carver pump the shotgun a final time , but before he can get another shot off Tom 's bullet rip open carver 's chest send he sprawling through the break patio door . on tom , he exhales , shuck the bolt once more . his eye scan the dark water . 158 on the houseboat , 158 Ellis run to the edge of the boat . ellis mud ! mud ! senior exit the houseboat , pistol point . he see Ellis and run to he . senior ellis ! senior grab the boy , keep he pistol up . Ellis drop to he knee and senior crouch with he , hold he tight in he arm . Ellis cry . senior ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . it 's okay . the two sit alone on the edge of the houseboat . the river seem especially quiet now . 159 I /e. ellis ' houseboat / riverbank - predawn 159 the sky show faint sign of morning , a few streak of light . on the riverbank , the blue , red , and white light from police cruiser and ambulance bounce up into the tree . a frenzy of Police activity swarm from the aftermath leave on Ellis ' houseboat . Men in wetsuit prepare a dive . blanket cover body be wheeled off on gurney . 122. two of the bounty hunters , unharme , sit lock in the back of a state trooper vehicle . 160 on the houseboat , 160 Ellis , senior and Mary Lee sit huddle together under the carport . they watch the emergency worker stream past . senior wrap he arm around they . Ellis look across the bayou to Tom 's boat . Police flashlight bob and weave throughout . no sign of Tom . 161 inside ellis ' houseboat , 161 a local officer string caution tape across the break patio door . two state troopers hover over carver 's body . the trooper step away and the local Officer crane toward the body . he study carver 's face . stepping aside , the Officer take a cell phone from he pocket and dial . he turn he back away from the trooper . 162 int . pine motel room - night 162 the phone ring in the pine Motel . King enter from the adjoin room and take a seat on the bed . he answer . king hello ... you be speak to he ... King listen . his face taut . king ( cont 'd ) he 's dead ? ( a long pause ) okay . King hang up the phone . he sit at the edge of the bed , overwhelm by the news . 163 ext . river - night 163 it 's dark on the river . moonlight barely show the ripple in the slow move current . music from a country station slip out across the surface of the water . Galen 's jambox sit next to a small lantern in he flat - bottom boat . his helper snore , fully recline , with a empty can of budweiser rest on he gut . his foot be propped next to a tiny bell rig to a line that disappear into the water . the bell ring . 164 ext . underwater - river - night 164 the river bed swirl inside two , distinct spot of light . 123. Galen , use he new diving light , scoops a final mussel shell into the net before tie it off . he tug at the line . it 's pitch black save for the shaft of light project from Galen 's shoulder . he tilt the light toward the surface . the line lead up to the bottom of the boat dance in and out of the high beam . then ... mud' body float by overhead . only he backside be visible . a cloud of blood trail from the hole there . fade to black . 165 ext . ellis ' houseboat - day 165 a worker cinch a thick strap across the deck of Ellis ' houseboat . 166 on the riverbank , 166 Ellis watch as worker affix strap from he houseboat to a crane rest in the bed of a large truck on the bank . the SOUND of neckbone 's dirt bike rattles through the tree . he appear behind Ellis and park . neckbone hey . ellis you get you bike back . neckbone mud dinge the shit out of it . neckbone take a seat next to Ellis . they watch the worker . neckbone ( cont 'd ) they be really doin ' it . ellis it 's the law . neckbone it 's bullshit . they ever find Tom ? the boy focus on Tom blankenship 's boat across the bayou . it sit vacant , cover in police tape . ellis no . he 's go . neckbone you dad not here ? 124 . ellis Said he could not watch it . he 's pickin ' I up in a minute . get delivery today . they sit in silence as the worker exit off the houseboat . neckbone Heard on the news . they still have not find mud 's body . Ellis nod . neckbone ( cont 'd ) you think he 's dead ? ellis I do not know . I hope not . the crane begin lift up the houseboat . the metal wire tighten and the entire structure creak . a suck sound as the flotilla separate from the water . the boat hang , suspend in the air . a horn honk behind the boy . Ellis turn to see senior 's truck . ellis ( cont 'd ) I gotta go . come by the apartment . help I set my room up . neckbone all right . neckbone watch Ellis climb into the bed of the pick - up and take he spot on the cooler . the sound of twist metal shift he attention back to the houseboat be swing over a flatbe semi . 167 I /e. senior' truck / riverbank - continuous 167 in the cab , senior glance at the houseboat be set on the flatbe . he put the truck in reverse and pull away . not look back . 168 ext . senior' truck / image of dewitt - day 168 Ellis ride in the back of the truck on top of the cooler . he watch the town pass by . a168 the marina junkyard . the sonic. downtown . a168 125 . b168 ext . flea market - day b168 Ellis and he father unload a cooler at the back of a tent flea market . a woman come out to greet they . 169 I /e. senior' truck / new apartment - day 169 senior 's truck pull into the parking lot of a newly finish apartment complex . the two -story building be modest . the truck idle out front . inside the cab , Ellis grab the door handle . he turn to senior . ellis I will see you next week ? senior yeah . Ellis begin to get out but stop when senior speak . senior ( cont 'd ) Ellis ? you mind you mother okay ? this be a big change for she . she need you support . ellis yessir . senior all right . I love you . ellis Love you too . Ellis climb out . he watch as senior pull away . he stand alone in front of the apartment , study the surroundings . a busy road out front . a gas station and collection of store . a lot of people and commotion . a compact car pull into a parking spot one building down . Ellis watch as three college age girl climb out dress in run short and t-shirt . two be heavy set , the other be petite . they joke and laugh . one see Ellis and wave . Ellis nod to she . he track they as they walk inside . Ellis smirk . 170 ext . MISSISSIPPI river - day 170 the river rush past . a large motor churn the water . 126 . Tom stand steering mud 's salvage boat down river . he crane he neck , see something up ahead . Tom kill the motor . look out over the bow , he 's pleased by what he see . his eye glint , almost a smile . he walk to the small cabin and enter . 171 inside the cabin , 171 mud rest flat on he stomach on the cushion bench . shirtless , gauze bandage wrap around he chest and back . he 's sleep . Tom walk in and kneel next to he . touches he shoulder . mud 's eye open . tom come on son . you need to see this . mud , groggy , raise up . Tom help he to he foot , put a arm over he shoulder . Tom practically carry mud outside . 172 on deck , 172 Tom and mud slowly maneuver out the door and take a place near the front of the boat . mud pull he head up . look out ahead . the sight in front of he grab he attention . he perk up . a tributary from the Mississippi river open up into a vast stretch of ocean . mud smile , show the miss tooth . Tom and mud stand on deck as they boat drift slowly into the open water of the Gulf of Mexico . the end.