mudbound base on the international bestsell novel by hillary Jordan written by : Virgil Williams and Dee Rees over black we hear the distant rumble of thunder . fade in : tight on the face of jamie mcallan ( caucasian , 20 's ) Black eye . cut lip . he look like a beat prize fighter who be drip in sweat and mud . widen to reveal we be ... ext . the mcallan farm - in a hole - day - continuous the ash color storm cloud make it look like night . Jamie scrape the muck off he shovel blade and resume . the mud be so thick it 's like digging into raw meat . a distant lightning flash accompany by thunder . Jamie up he urgency as he chop at the wet earth . a upside down face appear in the hole 's open . it 's henry mcallan ( caucasian , late 40' ) , Jamie 's salt - of - the-earth , older brother . Henry be a man of few word who rarely smile . they speak with the lilt garble of the Mississippi Delta . henry my turn . take a break . jamie we be not gonna make it . henry we will . we have to . Henry extend he hand and help Jamie out of the hole . then , as Henry maneuver he way into the hole we see that he move with a noticeable limp . Jamie pull a handkerchief from he pocket and wipe mud from he face and hand . as he watch Henry dig we hear Jamie 's voice over : jamie ( v.o. ) we will . we have to . that be my brother , Henry : absolutely certain whatever he want to happen would . the weather would dry out in time to resow the cotton . next year would be a better year . we would get this hole dig before the storm hit . ( beat ) and he little brother would never betray he . lightning and thunder . Jamie look up and see angry , black cloud eat up the sky . then from inside the hole we hear a clang as Henry 's shovel hit something hard . henry dammit . jamie what be it ? henry piece of rock , I think . Henry shove he hand into the mud to pull out the rock . but what he retrieve be actually a human skull miss a big chunk in the back . they trade a look . Henry keep digging , alternate between shovel and bare hand as he discover the rest of the skeleton . a collarbone , scapula and rib . henry ( cont 'd ) no , no , no . oh Lord ... it be not right . this just be not right . Henry dig out the pelvis and leg bone . we hear a metallic clink . Henry unearth the tibia and see a crude , rusted iron shackle with a break chain dangle from it . henry ( cont 'd ) Jesus . this be a slave 's grave . jamie you do not know that . henry see here ? shot in the head . must have be a runaway . ( extend a grimy hand ) that settles it . help I out . jamie settles what ? henry I will not bury we father in a slave 's grave . there 's nothing he would have hate more . jamie we do not have a choice . more lightning and thunder . the brother hold a look . Henry know Jamie be right . time CUT to : ext . the mcallan farm - the hole - day - later the hole have grow longer and deeper and be now a foot over Jamie 's head - a proper grave . Henry 's face appear in the open of the hole : henry yep , that should do it . Jamie hand the shovel up . but then , when Henry try to help Jamie out , it 's no use . the hole be too deep , they hand be too wet and the wall be too slick . henry ( cont ’d ) I will fetch the ladder . Jamie nod and Henry move off . as the squelch of Henry 's boot steadily grow quiet we see the pain and worry in Jamie 's eye . all around he be ooze mud . and overhead be a crude rectangle of darken gray . then we hear the staccato pitter - patter of rain drop . Jamie look up and they begin to hit he face . at first just a few , but then they come faster . Jamie try to climb out again . but he slip back in . another try and this time he almost make it before slide back down . Jamie 's panic rise as he try to claw out of the hole . but it 's futile as he finger cut through the mud like butter . jamie Henry ! henry !! the rain fall harder as the storm hit it 's stride . and the hole be already start to fill with water . Jamie 's eye grow wild as he suddenly throw himself against the wall like a trap animal . on henry as he limp back towards the hole with the ladder , he hear Jamie scream . jamie ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) henry ! ! Henry hustle back to the hole but Jamie be too frantic to notice . henry Jamie !! Jamie , I be here !! Jamie snap out of it as Henry lower the ladder . Jamie scramble up and promptly double over try to quell the panic . henry ( cont 'd ) you alright ? jamie I think maybe you decide to leave I down there . henry why would I do that ? Jamie glance up . Henry 's look at he like he 's crazy . Jamie haul up the ladder and move off : jamie come on . let 's get this over with . int . the mcallan farm house - lean to - day on pappy mcallan ( 60's ) , eye close , he expression tranquil . he be dress as we will see he throughout , in he Sunday best . widen to reveal Jamie and Henry stand over he . Henry pull a sheet over pappy 's face then regards the ramshackle coffin make of mismatch scrap wood . henry I wish to hell we have be able to get to town . Jamie move to pappy 's foot and Henry to he head as they get to put the body in the coffin . as they lift : henry ( cont 'd ) gently now . jamie right , would not want to hurt he . henry ( sharp ) that 's not the point . jamie sorry , brother . I be just tired . with ludicrous care they lower the corpse into the box . Henry reach for the lid and start to put it on : henry go on . I will finish up here . 5 . Jamie nod and throw a last look at the corpse . we stay with he as he drift outside to the porch . a hammer striking a nail give he pause . he produce a almost empty bottle of bourbon from he back pocket . he downs it . ext . the mcallan farm house - day the rain and wind have slowed down . on a pair of boot as they trudge through thick , ankle - deep mud . widen to reveal that the boot belong to LAURA mcallan ( caucasian , 30' ) . she follow Jamie and Henry who carry the coffin . Laura be more plain than pretty and there 's a tired strength in she eye . she stumble in the muck and we hear she voice over : LAURA ( v.o. ) when I think of the farm I think of mud . encrust knee and hair . march in boot shape patch across the floor . I dream in brown . the procession arrive at the grave . Henry and Jamie set the coffin down and work rope underneath it as Laura look on . the rope slip , the coffin tumble to the ground . Wood groans and there 's a loud crack from inside . henry dammit . jamie what if we stand at either end and run the rope lengthwise ? henry coffin 's too narrow . it fall again it could break open . Jamie shrug , '' so what ? '' henry ( cont ’d ) no. Laura react to a mule pull wagon she see approach . LAURA the jackson . as the wagon get closer we see the jackson : hap and florence ride up front with they youngest ruel ( 10 ) . behind they they child , marlon ( 15 ) and lilly may ( 12 ) . Henry move towards they : LAURA ( cont 'd ) Henry , do not . henry be not my fault what happen . LAURA just let they go . henry leave we in the middle of the season ? least they can do be lend a hand . Laura and Jamie trade a look as Henry wave the wagon down . hap 's eye be tight and cold as he cluck the horse to a stop . Laura venture a nod at Florence , Florence ignore she . henry ( cont 'd ) can you help we out here ? hap consider Jamie . the crack coffin sink into the mud . henry ( cont 'd ) hap ? Florence put a hand on hap 's hand . they look to each other for a answer that be not there . Laura shift she weight , look away from Henry . LAURA ( v.o . ) I be a thirty one year old virgin when I meet Henry mcallan in the spring of 1939 . int . laura' memphis home - dine room - night on LAURA , mud-free and squeaky clean . she be smile coyly and we widen to reveal that she 's sit across from Henry who be quiet and inscrutable throughout . the other guest at the dinner table : Laura 's brother , teddy ( late 20 's ) and she mother and father ( 50' ) . this place be a sharp contrast to the farm . it 's light and pristine with clean napkin and crisp , white shirt . Laura 's v.o. : LAURA ( v.o . ) I live with my parent in the house I grow up in . my world be small and he be my rescuer from a life in the margin . Laura 's mother have sniff out the spark between Laura and Henry . Mom give Henry the hard sell with a smile as Laura squirm in the spotlight . LAURA 's mother oh , a engineering degree from ole miss ? Laura 's a college graduate , get she teach certificate from West Tennessee State . teddy oh , my dear sister 's the smartest one in the family . make better grade than I ever do . ( winking to Henry ) never hear the end of it . LAURA 's mother Laura , why do not you play some piano after dinner . ( to Henry be : Laura ) you really must hear she sing . ( to Laura ) you should play something for Mr. mcallan later . LAURA momma . LAURA 's mother how about that hymn y’all do at service last Sunday ? or Ave Maria , that 's beautiful . LAURA momma . laura' mother what ? LAURA I be quite sure that teddy do not bring he new boss , Mr. mcallan , over to hear hymn . LAURA 's mother well , let 's ask he then . Mr. mcallan , would you like to hear some music later ? eye turn to Henry as he finish a bite of food and wipe he mouth . henry I like hymn . Laura , de-center . int. / ext . laura' memphis home - night Laura open the door to reveal Henry with a bouquet of flower . she smile , surprised . LAURA ( v.o. ) I be unused to male admiration and know only that I want more . it be at least a reprieve from the sincere pity and insincere kindness direct at old maid . omitted int . movie theater Laura and Henry gaze at the big screen . she steal a glance at he . LAURA ( v.o. ) he do not feel the need to fill the air with word like I do . he have the self confidence I lack . he be , after all , a veteran of the great War . ext . overton park - day Henry and Laura walk hand in hand . the dogwood tree be bloom and flurry of white petal flit on gentle breeze . Henry pick a petal out of Laura 's hair and they hold a look . LAURA ( v.o. ) though he never speak of it , he limp be a constant reminder of he brave sacrifice . I can not say that I be truly in love with he , but I be so grateful to he it dwarf everything else ... Henry take she face in he hand , grind a kiss onto she mouth . Laura recover , try a smile , wait for some tenderness , a grand romantic declaration -- henry my brother , Jamie 's come up from Oxford in a few week . I have like for he to meet you . int . train station - day Laura and Henry in the center of the buz terminal . Laura be dress for the occasion . Henry pace , excited . a loudspeaker announce the train 's arrival . henry ( check he watch ) right on time . that 's rare for Jamie . Henry scan the crowd , smile . henry ( cont 'd ) there . Henry point . Jamie stride through the crowd . he be fresh , clean , beautiful . Henry move to he as fast as limp will permit . a warm , rock hug . they step back and study each other 's face . jamie you look good , brother . henry likewise . jamie the air up here in Memphis agree with you . ( look at Laura ) or be it something else ? Jamie throw Laura a movie star smile . and she be immediately take by he charm . henry this be miss chappell . ( to Laura ) my brother , Jamie . LAURA please to meet you . jamie the pleasure be all mine . with exaggerated gallantry , Jamie take Laura 's offer hand and kiss it . henry he think he 's a character in one of he play . LAURA Henry tell I you be study theater at ole miss. 10 . jamie ( forefinger in the air ) ah , but which play , dear brother ? hamlet ? faust ? Prince hal ? henry hopefully one of they fella can earn you a decent wage someday . jamie what do you think , miss chappell ? LAURA I think you be more of a puck . Jamie be impressed and the dazzle in he smile show it . jamie dear lady , thou speakest right . I be that merry wanderer of the night . henry who 's puck ? jamie ( mock despair ) Lord what fool this mortal be . despite be older , Henry have always be in Jamie 's shadow . LAURA puck 's a kind of mischievous sprite . jamie a hobgoblin . forgive I , I be only try to impress she . henry Laura 's not the impressionable type . jamie good for she . Jamie smile and wink at Laura . int . mansion parlor - night well -heeled guest loung on Queen Anne couch . black servant buzz about with trays . a black big band play something water - down swing . 11 . Laura , Henry and Jamie giggle in a lush nook . Jamie be mid - story . Laura be rapt . Henry 's hear it . jamie next thing I know I be suck under , concuss and bleed , I be as good as go . another victim of the great flood of twenty - seven . LAURA I can not believe you never tell I this . ( to Jamie ) then what happen ? jamie I see a glimmer light . like a fall star . ( wiggling he finger ) and a great big hand reach out of it . think it be God himself come to take I . but it be not . it be my dear big brother , Henry . LAURA ( smile to Henry ) you save he life . you be a hero . jamie he be indeed . henry what else be I suppose to do ? let he drow ? it 's not a pleasant memory for Henry . as he shrug it off a servant refresh they champagne . henry ( cont ’d ) that 's 11 do -- jamie we have barely have any . do not worry Henry , I have get more stamina than you - — Jamie tip the servant 's hand , extend the pour . henry what , from modeling clothes ? do not know how you do that . seem so undignify for a man . 12 . jamie we will have plenty of time later for you to evaluate my life choice , brother . tonight , we celebrate . ( raise he glass ) here 's to the future . whatever it may hold . May you be bless with happiness , health , prosperity and ... ( to Henry be : Laura ) ...- if she will have you , maybe even a house full of child . my love to you both . Said genuinely . Laura be touch . despite himself , Henry be too . they clink glass and drink . LAURA ooh , bubbly . just then the band switch the beat and up volume . it 's time to dance . as couple start to move to the dance floor Jamie look to Henry : jamie would you mind terribly if I hada dance with you girl ? ( off Henry 's shrug ) miss chappell ? Care to take a spin ? Laura look to Henry , Henry nod . on the dance floor - moment later Jamie and Laura whirl . Jamie 's get Fred astaire move . but this be new to Laura and she 's awkward . Jamie patiently lead and soon Laura 's sweep off she foot . for a while it feel like it 's just the two of they out there . LAURA ( v.o. ) Jamie see in a different way . when he eye be on I , I feel like I be no longer invisible . Laura and Jamie lock eye and the connection be overwhelming . the envious eye of other woman in the room . Laura shrug off Henry 's question gaze . the song end . Laura be breathless . back at the table - moment later Jamie escort Laura back to the table . she 's flushed . Henry notice it . 13 . jamie Excuse I . I x11 be back . Jamie move off and Henry look to Laura . henry you look especially pretty tonight . LAURA thank you . henry Jamie have that effect on girl . they sparkle for he . ( beat ) he like you . I can tell . LAURA I be sure he do not dislike anyone . henry at least not anyone in a skirt . ( be : the dance floor ) see what I mean ? Laura look and see Jamie on the dance floor with a pretty girl . the girl effortlessly follow Jamie through a series of turn and dip . Laura suddenly feel foolish and try to cover it as she sip she champagne glass empty . Henry refill it . LAURA ( v.o . ) Henry 's marriage proposal do not play out like I would picture it would . he be not kneel and the question actually come out as more of a statement . Henry be not a romantic . he be make of sturdier stuff . but he be a good , hard work man . and he love I . and I know that he would provide , be true , and give I child . and for that , I could certainly love he in return . Laura steal glance at Jamie dance and smile . omitted int . henry / LAURA 's memphis house - day Henry carry Laura over the threshold . 14 . LAURA ( v.o. ) I love domestic life . then , in a montage we see Laura around the house cooking , irone , clean and be domestic . LAURA ( v.o. ) yielding to Henry and wait for he to come home to I be what I would be put on earth to do . CUT to : Laura hold infant amanda leigh as they finish dinner . Henry insist that she stay seat as he clean up the dish . LAURA ( v.o. ) and when amanda leigh be bear I become hers completely . another CUT and Laura play block on the floor with now one - year -old amanda leigh while Henry tune the radio . LAURA ( v.o. ) but then come the day that change everything . forever ... we push in on the radio as we hear Franklin delano Roosevelt : FDR ( on the radio ) mister vice President , mister speaker , member of the Senate and of the House of Representatives . yesterday , December 7th , 1941 , a date which will live in infamy , the United States of America be suddenly and deliberately attack by naval and air force of the Empire of Japan . ext . the jackson 's cabin - day ronsel ( v.o. ) daddy borrow mister Robert 's and ' nem truck to take I . that 's what I remember most . the first thing and the last thing stick the hardest . a gather of neighbor in the tidy yard . ronsel in crisp traveling clothes , he sister , lilly May , hang on he neck . lilly may do not forget about we . 15 . ronsel you know I will not . marlon step forward with a brave face , pump he brother 's hand , clap he back . Little brother ruel follow suit . marlon take care ron . ronsel y'all do not be quarreling . pitch in good , help mama ‘nem . marlon we will . ronsel and keep they no ' count boy away from lilly May . do not let she turn fast . lilly May smile through she sniffles , pop ronsel on the shoulder as she step back . marlon do a little salute . hap look on from the driver 's seat of he rough-idling truck , pride and doubt compete for he eye . ronsel sling he pack over he shoulder , amble over to where Florence hold herself against the cab . she put she hand on he forehead , cup he face , hold she hand over he beat heart . bomp. bomp . bomp . he 's alive . ronsel hold Florence 's hand over he heartbeat . florence you just come back . ronsel I will mama . florence you come all the way back . ronsel kiss she hand . Florence pat he chest and peel herself away . neighbor and family surge forward as hap ease the truck away , spill into the dirt road wave and whistling . but Florence do not look back . florence ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I can not look back . I do not look back . it 's bad luck to watch somebody leave . 16 . int . jackson cabin - day Florence open the window , chase out dust . exorcise fear from the corner of the cabin with she broom . florence ( v.o. ) I hold he heartbeat in my hand . I remember every beat . he be warm and alive . I know every place in he . Florence throw open the back door . Beyond a small green garden , cotton field stretch infinitely from she yard post . hap and marlon be slow - move speck on the horizon . Florence raise she hand in a wave . florence ( v.o. ) and it be all I could do to not look back . one of the speck wave back . florence ( v.o. ) no , I do not have favorite . int . hap 's church - day hap in the pulpit , sweat and quaking and exalting . sway tree visible through the miss board behind he . a breeze blow in through a empty window pane . Florence in the front row , flanke by she child , duly listen . her eye close . florence ( v.o. ) I love they all equally . every mother do . but during all that four year , all that time he be go ... Florence 's eye open . florence ( v.o. ) I only pray for he . hap catch Florence 's eye , shoot she a smile . florence ( v.o. ) god'1l forgive I . hap John 14:1-3 '' in my Father 's house , be many mansion . ( more ) hap , head word . hap lift the crowd , the word 16a . hap ( cont 'd ) if it be not so I would have tell you . I go to prepare a place for you ... that 's where I be , ye may be also . '' ( beat ) I know that bring I comfort . it bring I comfort that one Morning my get up be gonna be just a little bit easier than the day before . one Morning my child be not gonna wake up in this place , they be gonna open they eye on a new sky . one Morning we gonna knock the boot from off we neck , we gonna shake the chain from round we foot . oh yes one morning ! and I be not talk about the hereafter . I be talk about the right now ! oh one Morning ! I say one morning soon ... ( song ) hang low , be silent . speechless , search for congregation that 's all right , sir . take you time ! he heartbroken eye to the congregation . he scan look for a reason . his eye catch on Florence . still do not come . hap Church . .. belove . I do not know I just do not know . ( beat ) you see how they do he ? y'all see how they do he . Father I stretch my Hand to thee omitted omitted 17 . omitted ext . high and wide over a field of cotton - day the shadow of a biplane crop duster buzy across field . henry ( v.o. ) the army make Jamie a bomber pilot . but it 's my fault he 's up there . CUT to : int . henry 's car ( moving ) - day - simulataneous Henry drive on the road adjacent to the cotton field . as the plane roar past he voice over continue : henry ( v.o . ) when Jamie be a boy he have question about my time in the great War . how many hun do I kill ? how have I be injure ? why do they call it great ? and all I could do be make he promise that if he ever have to be a soldier he would get up to the sky . they say battle be cleaner in the sky . CUT to : int . house on evergreen STREET - day Henry , Laura , 2 year old amanda leigh , and infant isabelle , finish breakfast . Henry kiss all he girl good - bye . he roll a sheath of blueprint , stuff they in a tube stamp army corp of engineer . grab a construction helmet . omitted ext . cotton field - day a pair of toddler ride the long tail they mother 's cotton sack . the mother pick and step , pick and step in automated drudgery . shiff shiff shiff . the baby glide backwards on they mother 's effort . other picker in weary synchrony in the row alongside she . henry ( v.o . ) work keep I from my family . but the army need basis and airfield and I be happy to oblige . my great - great grand daddy and he slave build the farm I grow up on . 18 . Henry lean next to he idling car , a wear no trespassing sign hang limp from a tree . Henry eye a string of distant sharecropper . he reach down and grab a handful of earth . henry ( v.o . ) one time grandaddy tell I to go grab up a handful of dirt from the yard , and I do . he ask I '' what be you hold ? " I say '' dirt '' . he say '' that 's right now give it to I . " so I do and he say '' now what 's this I have get in my hand ? " '' dirt '' , I say . then he say '' naw boy , this be land I have get . do you know why ? " Henry sniff the dirt in he hand , taste it , spit it out . henry ( v.o . ) and he say '' because I own it . it 's mine . and one day it will be yours . but in the meantime , to you and every other person who do not own it , it 's just dirt . '' Henry toss the dirt away . int . church - day sunlight beam through stain glass and a preacher reside over a small congregation . Henry , Laura , amanda leigh ( 4 ) and isabelle ( 2 ) , walk down the aisle follow by pappy . henry' mother lie in repose . Laura move past the casket quickly with the child in tow . henry ( v.o . ) except that land never become mine . pappy sell it after the flood . he tell people that the river wipe he out . but that be a lie . pappy stop and take a long look down at the body . Henry lay a flower in the casket . pappy sob heavily as he wring the hat he hold in he hand . Henry start to reach for he father 's shoulder , hesitates , clasp he hand behind he instead . henry ( v.o. ) he walk away from that land gladly . another parishioner drape a comforting arm around pappy . 19 . henry ( v.o. ) and when mama die , he sell my dream as payment for he grief . CUT to : int . house on evergreen STREET - bedroom - night where Henry and Laura make love . Henry climax , then slowly roll off of she . they both catch they breath and stare at the ceiling for several post- coital beat , then : henry honey , by the way . I buy a farm in Mississippi . Laura 's head snap towards he , she face smear with shock . but Henry continue like it 's great news : henry ( cont 'd ) it 's 40 mile south of greenville near a town call marietta . we will be move in three week time . LAURA when do you do this ? henry just recently . I rent we a house in town . it 's a gorgeous with a big old porch , a oak tree , four bedroom . you and the girl will love it . LAURA but we love this house . henry they each get they own room and pappy can have he own space . LAURA pappy ? henry of course . now that momma 's go someone 's get to look after he . ( then ) wait ' till you see it . it 's gota modern electric stove . and it 's only 3 block from the elementary school . and it 's only about a half hour drive out to the farm . ( more ) 20 . henry ( cont 'd ) buy it from a couple who lose they son in the war . felt bad take it at such a low price , but they want out . ( then ) I will have pappy drive the truck up next week . LAURA what truck ? henry the pick up I buy to use on the farm . get a tractor too . John deere model B. helluva machine . I will be able to farm a hundred acre by myself . imagine that . Henry realize Laura have be look at he , agape . henry ( cont 'd ) you be mighty quiet . LAURA I be mighty surprised . henry but you know I always intend to have my own farm someday . I be sure I mention it . LAURA no , Henry . I have no idea . I would have remember that . henry well . I be tell you now . we have get ourselves two hundred acre of fertile land . and with that tractor I do not need a bunch of sharecropper , I can do most of the work myself . LAURA what about my family ? henry I and the girl be you family . LAURA I mean my mother and father . henry they can visit . you can too . 21 . LAURA but ... three week ? henry Laura , honey , in a year 's time I will turn enough profit to buy we another hundred acre . man up the road be itching to sell . lot better live than I be make now . ( then ) you be go to love it . I know you will . you will see . ext . memphis STREET - day we find the mcallan convoy leave town . Laura drive the desoto sedan with isabelle and amanda leigh . Henry and pappy be in a pick - up truck pack full of belonging include Laura 's piano . ext . a country road - day as the two - car mcallan convoy roll by . it 's much more rural out here and a world away from Memphis . CUT to : ext . the antebellum house - day it 's even more charming than Henry describe . the procession unfold from the caravan . Henry watch Laura as she take it in . she look at Henry and soften , the house be lovely . he move to she and take she hand as they walk towards they new home . amanda leigh mommy flower ! LAURA I see , honey . ( to Henry ) you do not tell I we have azalea . henry so we do . isabelle cough as she curl deeper into mommy . LAURA she 's do in . let 's get inside . henry Key should be under the mat . 22 . just then the the front door open to reveal a big , bear of a man , orris stoke ( caucasian , 30' ) . he 's not friendly . stoke who the hell be you ? henry we be the mcallan . the new tenant of this house . who be you ? stoke orris Stokes . the new owner of this house . henry I rent this place from George suddeth just three week ago . stoke suddeth sell I the house last week . and he do not say nothing ' bout no renter . henry be that a fact ? I guess I need to refresh he memory . stoke he leave town three day ago . henry I give he a hundred dollar deposit . pappy you get anything in write ? henry we shook on the deal . pappy spit on the ground , shake he head in disgust . henry ( cont 'd ) I pay he a hundred dollar cash right there in the live room . I have dinner with he and he wife . stoke you best be get on . orris shut the door behind he . 23. pappy you get swindle , boy . damn fool . Henry be crestfallen . another cough from isabelle . off the whole group look to Henry . henry then we will have to stay on the farm . there 's a house . we can make it work . pappy you mean out there with the nigger and the farm hand ? henry it 's the only place big enough for all of we . there 's nothing else in town . believe I , I look . ext . a rutted road - day the mcallan 's two - car convoy rock and bump they way down the road . the land be flat and mostly featureless . African american man , woman and child dot the field , tilling the earth with mule draw plow . eventually they pass run down sharecropper 's shack with dirt yard . African american woman hang clothes on line as child play or watch the procession from porch . ext . jackson cabin - sunset hap survey he land . ruel and marlon toil shoulder to shoulder in the fade light . Florence and lily May chip away at the day 's chore . hap ( v.o. ) what good be a deed ? my grandfather and great-uncle , grandmother and grand - aunt , father and mother -- break , till , toiled , plant , pluck , raze , burn , break again . worked this land all they life . this land that would never be theirs . they work until they sweat . they sweat until they ble . they ble until they die . die with the dirt of this same 200 acre underneath they fingernails . die , claw at the hard brown back that would never be theirs . all they deed undone . ( more ) 23a . hap ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) yet this man , this place , this law , say you need a deed . all the blood and sweat and die with dirt under you fingernails do not count . do not make it yours . say you need a deed , not deed . so what good be a deed ? a deed be a piece of paper . one of my great-uncle , uncle William , get ahold of a piece of land during reconstruction . a good piece of land right next to the river . he have a deed . have he piece of paper and all . four white man ride up on horse one day , aim they pistol , say it be theirs . my uncle 's good deed tear into forty piece and throw to the wind . it be too good , you see ? the land he have claim . and so I ask : what good be a deed ? ext . rickety bridge - day the bridge span a small river . as the two - car convoy drive over the creaky structure Henry lean he head out the window and shout back to Laura in the desoto . henry this be it ! we be on we land now ! omitted ext . the jackson be shed - day hap ( v.o. ) pride goeth before destruction and a haughty spirit before a fall . hap lead he mule into the stall , give its mane a good comb before tie a feed bag on . 24 . hap ( v.o. ) that mule make I a share tenant , not a share cropper . and it have I dream about have my own piece of land . maybe that 's where the problem start . hap saunter back to he cabin , luxuriate in the calm of a complete day 's work . int . the jackson 's cabin - sunset hap and he family shoulder to shoulder around a overflow dinner table . cabbage and onion from Florence 's garden . a cast iron skillet with rabbit in heavy brown gravy . a plate of slice tomato go around . a surveyor 's map with outline parcel be pin to the wall . a pencil on a string hang from a nail next to it . hap stare at it as he eat . hap leap up , napkin still tuck around he neck to redraw a boundary , scribble note . florence if only fence could be put up with lead . hap the get take down with lead all the time . hap wink at Florence , Florence blushes . marlon wo not be too much longer , papa will it ? this time next year I ’ma have about fifty acre of cotton , fifty acre of oat , fifty acre of rice -- lilly may fool , rice do not grow here . hap never call you brother a fool . marlon well I ’ma grow it anyway . lilly may that 's why I be not go 's be no farmer , I ’ma be a stenographer . marlon a ste- what ? 25 . florence it 's kinda like a typist . marlon they do not allow no color typist . hap you sister will be the first . marlon and ? you will be buy all you food from we . we go 's get all you typist money . lilly may nuh - unh . ' Cause I ’ma be in California or chi-cago where all the good job at . marlon War gonna be over by then . lilly may no it will not -- sudden silence settles over the group . lilly may ( cont ’d ) I mean ... but ronsel , he -- he 'il probably be home mama . florence I do not want he back early . early mean -— - hap massage Florence 's shoulder , kiss she temple . hap he 's not come back early . y'all finish up . get this dish rinse off before bed -- bang bang bang from the door at the far side of the cabin . all eye on hap . the divide wall between what be a two - family unit have be cut and frame with a door that extend the jackson cozy live space . bang bang bang . marlon start to rise , hap motion he to sit . hap palm a machete that lean just inside the door , hold it close behind he leg before crack open it . Henry , fist still raise in a knock squinting back at he ragtag caravan . 26 . hap ( cont 'd ) even , mister . Henry swivel back around . henry Henry mcallen . you hap ? hap yes sir? henry we just roll in , I ’ma need you to unload . hap take in the scene , catch up . hap you be the new owner . think you all be not come until next week . henry I wanna get unload and the fire go before dark . Henry stride off to the car , do not wait for a response he do not need . hap look at Florence , know glance . ext . the jackson 's cabin - moment later pappy then let he walk . lilly May and marlon linger in the doorway . hap at the truck pretend not to hear . henry it 's too far and we do not have time . it will be night soon . pappy I be not movin’ for no nigger . henry he can not ride alone with Laura and the girl . and there 's no room in the back of the truck . ( off pappy ) pappy . please . as pappy get out of the truck he eye hap . hap lower he gaze . off Laura and the girl watch the scene ... CUT to : 27. int . henry's pick - up truck ( moving ) - day hap bounce uncomfortably between Henry and pappy . hap look down and see that he hand be ever so close to pappy 's . hap shift and we hear he voice over : hap ( v.o. ) mist mcallan be from Memphis and my guess be he do not know the eat end of a mule from the crapping end . told I he intend to bring in one of they infernal tractor . imagine that , use a machine to work he land instead of the hand the Lord give he . this man put three family off on account of that damn tractor . but I thank God we be not one of they . most time a landlord put the color family off first . ext . the mcallan farm house - evening the house be a large rickety shack with a desert air . it have a warpe tin roof and shutter window with neither glass nor screen . a porch run the length of the house and connect it to a small lean -to . there be a dirt yard with a pump . a barn , pig wallow , chicken coop and a pasture . the two car convoy roll to a rag stop . Henry , Laura , pappy , hap , amanda leigh and isabelle pile out . Laura be mortify . so be pappy . amanda leigh go run . amanda leigh will we have chicken , daddy ? henry you bet . Pigs too . a recent rain have turn the ground to muck . Laura step into a ankle - deep mud puddle and lose she foot . she suck she foot out , she nice shoe be ruin . hap you alright , Ms. mcallan ? LAURA I be fine , thank you . Henry swoops amanda leigh into he arm and continue , though it 's more for Laura 's benefit : 28 . henry you know what else , jitter bug ? that river we cross over ? I bet it 's full of catfish and crawdad . pappy better git ' im to replace they shutter or we might freeze to death . hap I think you be plan to live in town , suh . henry plan change . amanda leigh momma , I have to tinkle . LAURA okay , sweetheart , come on . Laura start head towards the house but Henry stop she : henry uh , honey , it 's around back . LAURA around back ? henry it 's a outhouse . there 's no ... indoor plumbing . Henry point to a water pump not far off . Laura be incredulous . Henry 's eye urge she to make the best of it . hap 's presence make Henry squirm even more . Thunder rumble in the distance . CUT to : int . the mcallan farm house - night the roof leak in several spot . Henry and hap back in with Laura 's piano . pappy sit on a rock chair , smoking as he watch . henry relax yourself pappy . we get it . Laura bustles out of one of the bedroom . she rifle through a box . 29 . LAURA the girl be do in . I need they blanket . as Laura try to get to a particular chest she accidentally knock over a box of book and they go tumble out . hap rush over and help pick the book up . LAURA ( cont 'd ) just stack they in the corner . hap yes , mar ’am . ( then read the title ) a Tale of two city . wuther Heights . LAURA you can read ? hap my son , ronsel , teach I . he over there fight under General patton . pappy you mean diggin’ ditch and peelin’ potato . hap no , suh , he a tank commander . pappy ai not no way the Army would turn a tank worth thousand of dollar over to a nigger . now my son , Jamie , there 's a fightin’ man . he 's fly bomber . hap my son 's a sergeant . 761st battalion . call ‘em the black panther . pappy hey , hey boy ! you know this one ! whaddya you call a nigger with stripe ? ( beat ) a ra-coon ! hahahaha ! pappy enjoy he joke . hap lower he eye and keep pack up the book . 30 . henry where you want this piano ? LAURA let I get the girl to bed first -- pappy ai not no room for that piano . the hell be I gonna sleep ? LAURA guess we will have to put you in the lean - to ? pappy I be not sleep out there , it do not even have a floor . Laura turn she back on pappy and soften she voice . LAURA Henry , please -- henry there 's no room in the house . pappy if you get rid of that piano we could put a bed right there . henry true . we could . LAURA we. need . the. piano . pappy we could rig a curtain around it . henry there 's a idea -- LAURA I do not want a bedroom in the middle of the live room . pappy so you just puttin’ I out ? henry we be not put you out . ( to Laura ) now , honey -- 31 . LAURA when you tell I you be bring to this godforsake place , I barely say a word . when you inform I that he be come to live with we , I go along . henry Laura - — LAURA and when orris Stokes tell you you would be fleece by that man you rent the house from , I keep my mouth shut . but i_am tell you now , we be not get rid of that piano . it 's the one civilized thing in this place . so you father can either sleep in the lean - to or he can sleep in the bed with you , because I be not stay here without my piano . a silent showdown with Henry and Laura . henry you be overtire . LAURA no. I be not . CUT to : ext . the mcallan farm house - lean to - moment later pappy unrol he bed . pappy god-dammit . ext . european village - day ronsel '' dear family . I be write to you from a village in Belgium call ... ( pronounce phonetically ) .-- tillet . Belgium be a country just north of France and it 's beautiful . daddy you would like it here . there be lot of farm ... the sun be high and warm . weary soldier and the ravage of war be everywhere . ronsel sit atop he tank , write a letter . his tank be dirty and as beat up as he be . 32 . ronsel ( v.o. ) I have be keep busy , mostly training and look for Germans . luckily we have not see too many . that 's clearly a lie as ronsel eye a red-cross ambulance full of wounded soldier drive by . he continue write : ronsel ( v.o . ) of course , by the time you get this , I will probably be long go from here . we seem to always be on the move . a gruff sergeant ( caucasian ) come march down the line : sergeant man all gun ! let 's move ! ronsel pocket he pencil and letter then bang on the hatch . a head pop out , this be week ( African american , 20' ) . ronsel c'mon . CUT to : ext . european village - day as soldier march along , a column of tank roll by . ronsel ride , he top half up outside the hatch . a droning buzz catch he ear and he look up and spot a formation of B - 25 bomber fly high above . then ronsel react to a caucasian soldier who march past : soldier hey , jig . wha ’ch you do up in that tank , boy ? be careful , might hurt yourself ! ronsel eye he as he roll on , eventually pass a sign that point towards : munich 10 km . ronsel ( v.o . ) but when we do get a chance to set for a spell , the local treat we real nice . they be not like white folk back home . ext . a modest german house - night with a bouquet of flower , a clean up ronsel knock on the door and wait . 33 . then a pretty german girl ( resl , 20' ) answer and smile , she 's be expect he . he present the flower and she hug he . the hug turn into a kiss . ronsel ( v.o. ) I be mighty grateful for that . I get homesick , and they do what they can to make we feel right at home . as ronsel and resl kiss we prelap the sound of battle . int . ronsel 's tank - day we hear the ping and pang of bullet ricochett off the armor . it 's claustrophobic and hot in here as ronsel and the 4 other African - american crew member operate like finger on a hand . ronsel be the commander , cleve be the driver and week be the gunner . ronsel panzer , one o'clock ! week identify ! I get he ! ronsel Fire ! the shell be load and boom . from ronsel 's Pov through the view finder , we see the german tank get hit and blow up . ronsel ( cont 'd ) woo ! Nice shot ! week smile for a moment , then contort he face as he rip a long fart . the guy in the tank react . cleve goddamn , week . week it 's they c-ration . franks and bean . ronsel we should load you in the gun and fire you at the jerries , they would surrender quick . the whole crew bust up laugh . but the laughter be cut short by a violent blast . shrapnel fly and metal twist . week absorb the blow and get most of he head blow off . ronsel get knock back and splatter by blood and brain . 34 . then there be ringing and blurred focus as ronsel get he bearing . soon he come to and see a FIRE in the tank . ronsel ( cont 'd ) get outta the tank ! get out ! ext . the tank - day - moment later Machine gun fire . ronsel , cleve and the other two tanker scramble out of the burn tank into a raging battle . they slide out and hunker down against the tank for cover , pin . ronsel check and cock he .45 . as bullet thud and whiz by ronsel look to the sky . he see a lone B - 25 bomber trail thick , black smoke as it limp home . CUT to : int . b- 25 bomber ( moving ) - day - simulataneous on Jamie , blind - fly , cold wind whistling in through the window , snot and tear drying backwards over he face . desperate as he struggle with the throttle of the shudder bomber , Jamie be splatter in blood and some of the cockpit window have be shot out . Jamie look over at he CO - pilot who be slump , dead and bloody . his eye be draw out the window , parachutist escape another plane . Jamie roll he plane away from the sound of gunfire . the parachutist be shot limp , dead man float gently on full sail . Jamie 's eye brush a blood splatter picture of a pin - up girl stick to the co-pilot 's side of the dashboard . it 's a pretty red-head and there be handwritten word that read : ' lady luck '. off Jamie 's hand wrestle with the shaking throttle ... omitted int . barracks - night Jamie stare at the co-pilot 's empty bunk across from he . the bed be neatly make . there 's a black and white photo of a woman hold a infant among other personal effect . laughter and carouse from other soldier outside the thin wall . Jamie pour himself a drink with a shaking hand , a lonely toast to survive . Jamie be red-ey , fight tear as we prelap the growl of a engine ... CUT to : omitted 35 . ext . the mcallan farm — day henry' tractor growling across a empty , ready to be plant field . there 's satisfaction and hope in he eye as he survey the expanse of he land . ext . cotton field - day hap hoe at the earth with sisyphean determination . he stop to wipe sweat from he brow and see marlon shirtless chopping alongside he , strain to keep up . then he see Florence in the distance hang laundry on a line . lily May feed the chicken in the coop . hap resume he assault on the earth . omitted ext . the atwood cabin - day where carl atwood ( caucasian , 30 's ) lean against a tree sip from a flask . he grunt at he very pregnant wife , vera ( caucasian , 30' ) as she carry a heavy pail of water . atwood you better go slop they hog . int . henry' pick - up truck - continuous as Henry glide by and see atwood sit as Vera carry she bucket . atwood trot out to the road , Henry slow the car to a polite roll but do not stop . carl atwood you the new bossman hunh ? carl. name 's Carl atwood . Carl jut a dirty , nail - bitten hand into the cab . Henry hold he breath as he shake it . carl atwood ( cont ’d ) well you need anything you call I . I be yer number one man , you hear what I be say ? can not depend on a nigger to do a white man 's job . I and my wife -- that 's Vera back ' ere -- we be here for awhile . we will gitcha acquainted . and listen I know now 's not the right time , but whenever you get settle in I do needa talk to you ' bout a new contract . ' Bout a raise ? last owner say -- 36 . henry i’1ll catch you later Carl . Henry speed away , leave Carl in the dust . Carl wave after the truck . carl atwood ' salright I know yer busy ! Nice speak witcha Henry ! Carl 's smile drain as soon as Henry 's truck disappear over the hill . he spit in the tire track . ext . the mcallan farm — day a mass of dark rain cloud in the distance . a distant bolt of lightning crack the sky . a few beat later , thunder rumble . then slowly , rain start to fall . a drizzle at first , then heavier and heavier . int . the mcallan farm - barn - day Henry hammer repair . outside it 's raining sheet . then , through the open door , we see pappy , shoulder hunch against the element , as he hurry toward the barn . pappy arrive and shout over the steady bang of Henry 's hammer : pappy Henry ! you wife want you . isabel 's worse and the other one 's comin’ down with it too . int . the mcallan farm house - girl room - moment later where Henry bust in to find Laura tend to amanda leigh and isabelle . isabelle be lethargic , sweaty and wheeze and she lip be blue . amanda leigh be more alert but cough badly . Laura be frantic : LAURA it 's whooping cough . go bring the doctor . and tell you father to put water on to boil . ( off Henry 's pause ) go! ext . the mcallan farm house - moment later pour rain as Henry run out of the house and into the truck . he pull out , tire spin in the mud . 37 . int . henry's pick - up truck ( moving ) - day where Henry drive , concern all over he face . then he react to something he see through the windshield . ext . rickety bridge - simulataneous Henry pull up . the river roar and be completely flood . the bridge be two foot underwater . Henry get out of the truck and walk closer to get a look . no way across . off Henry , wheel turn , panic rise ... int . the jackson 's cabin - night hard rain outside with occasional flash of lightning accompany by rumbling thunder . Florence , marlon and lilly May , all rapt , sit around the table listen to hap read a letter from ronsel . hap '' I wish you all be there to see it . her dress be so glittery it look like it be make of star . even the white GI 's could not take they eye off she . but tell lilly May , even the great lena horne have not get half the voice she do . and please tell marlon I try to save he some snow , but it melt . so I will be bring he a glass of water instead . ha ha . " smile be exchange . it 's like ronsel be right there with they . hap ( cont 'd ) '' and please let momma know that I - - banging at the door . Florence drop out of she reverie . more banging . hap answer the door -- Henry soak and desperate . hap ( cont 'd ) mist mcallan . henry I need Florence . my little girl have take sick with whooping cough . I can not get to town because the bridge be wash out . and I remember you say she be a midwife . hap my wife be not a doctor . 38 . henry I realize that . but my wife ... florence when they start the whooping ? henry isabelle 's be sick for a couple day now . amanda leigh 's cough start up this afternoon . florence they still catch . hap she can give you some remedy to take but she can not go with you . henry I ’1ll pay you . florence I would not be able to come home for three or four day . who go 's look after my own family ? henry please . my wife be afraid . Florence and hap consider Henry . Henry 's pride and upbringing will not allow he to beg any further . florence let I get my thing . i’1l meet you outside . Florence move to marlon and lily May and hug they both . florence ( cont 'd ) be good for you father . CUT to : int henry 's truck - night pound rain . Henry watch as Florence lift a flap chicken out of the coop , shove it in a burlap sack in one easy swoop . Florence stride gracefully to the truck , do not miss a beat . Henry 's confusion apparent . florence Girls go 's need broth . 39 . henry oh . florence and you all do not have chicken yet . ext . rutted road - night Henry sluice through the rain , Florence watch he from the * side of she eye . * florence ( v.o. ) I do not have the luxury of only loving my own child . my own mother , I remember be blue . Blue from the dark of the morning , when the moon would still be up . she : kissing I and my sister , we : pretend to be sleep . we : not yet awake . my mother blue in the twilight , the sun not yet rise . she : go off to work to wake and kiss some other woman 's child in the sunlight . int . henry' pick - up truck ( moving ) - night Henry drive and Florence ride , both silent . the road be bumpy and the rain make the visibility minimal . florence ( v.o . ) my mother , blue again from the dark of the evening , well after sunset . after we have eat the cold supper she have prepare and leave for we . after we have go to bed and try to stay awake to see she , when she have be late prepare some other woman 's child hot supper . when I be a little girl , how I hate that other child . the one that never see my mother blue . how they never eat the cold . I swore that my child would have all of I . would see I in the daylight . but now I know what my mother must have know . that if something have ever happen to that other woman 's child , that would have be the end of we . now I know that she leave we not out of duty , but out of love . ( more ) 39a . florence ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) now I know ... that love be a kind of survival . ext . the mcallan farm house - night - continuous Henry and Florence darting to the house . florence ( v.o. ) and Laura mcallan ? think the Delta would turn she into nothing but grudge and bone . I do not have the luxury of think only on my own family . int . the mcallan farm house - night — continuous Henry and Florence rush in , Laura look up and glare dagger . amanda leigh be bent over a steaming pot of water . pappy sit off to the side , smoking . LAURA who 's this , Henry ? where 's the doctor ? 40 . henry this be Florence Jackson . she 's a midwife . LAURA do you see anybody give birth here ? henry the bridge be wash out . I could not get to town . I think she might be able to help . isabelle cough and hack from the other room , Florence shoulder past Henry toward the sound . abandon the couple in they bicker . LAURA this child need a doctor , not some granny with a bag of potion . henry the damn bridge be flood -- what do you want I to do ? isabelle start gag . Laura rush to the girl 's room ... int . the mcallan farm house / girl 's room - continuous ...- where Florence turn isabelle onto she side . yellow phlegm and bile bubble from the child 's mouth , Florence wipe it away . Laura kneel across from Florence . florence I see this with my own child . we need to get liquid down ‘em . but first we get to clear some of that phlegm out . LAURA how ? florence make ‘em some horehound tea . that be real good , you make the steam for ‘em . we will keep after ‘em with it . mist mcallan , would you kindly please boil more water , suh ? Henry nod and move off . florence ( cont 'd ) that tea will draw the phlegm right out . ( more ) 4l. florence ( cont 'd ) once they get to breathe better , we will make ‘em chicken broth and put ground - up willow bark in it for the fever . LAURA I should have take they to the doctor as soon as they start cough . if anything happen ... florence you girl be gonna be just fine . God be watch over ‘em and so be I . and neither one of we go nowhere till they feel better . Laura nod she appreciation . for a instant , they be simply two mother tend a sick child . int . the mcallan farm house - night - later candle and lantern light . the rain have stop and Florence be cut up onion and carrot . pappy sit in the corner , cigarette smoke curling around he . Florence have she back to he but she feel he eye on she . she ignore it until : pappy I be thirsty . run out to the pump and fetch I some water . florence I get to finish this broth for the child . pappy that broth can do without you for a few minute . ( off Florence ignore ) do you hear I , gal ? I want some damn water . Laura enter from the girl 's bedroom : LAURA there 's drink water in the pail by the sink . ( then to Florence ) the girl be finally sleep . after you finish the broth you should go on home , Florence . 42 . florence yes be , but like I tell you husband , that whooping cough be catch . if I go home I could pass it to my own child . LAURA we will make room for you here . pappy ai not sleep under the same roof as a nigger . LAURA Florence , why do not you go check on the girl ? Florence move into the girl 's bedroom . LAURA ( cont 'd ) we can not send she home to infect she own family . henry how the girl do ? LAURA they be asleep . and now you father be propose we send Florence home . henry she will infect she own family . pappy then she can sleep out in the barn . LAURA how could you suggest such a thing in this cold ? pappy niggers need to know they place . LAURA for the last few hour she place have be by you granddaughter 's bedside . which be more than I can say for you . she sleep here . amanda leigh start cough . Laura go to she . pappy glower . 43 . int . the mcallan farm house / girl 's room - day the room be dark until Florence open a shutter and sunlight break through . amanda leigh and isabelle be sleep comfortably in they bed . as Florence tidy up , amanda leigh 's eye flutter open and squint against the daylight . amanda leigh momma ? Florence check amanda leigh 's forehead for fever and then smile because it have break . she check isabelle 's she be fine too . florence Morning . glad to see you feel better . ( beat ) I will go fetch you momma . int . the mcallan farm house - day where Florence quickly pack she thing , anxious to get home . Laura and Henry be in the kitchen area talk quietly . pappy be sit by a table , smoking . florence ' scuse I , mist mcallan ? I be ready . LAURA we can not thank you enough for you help , Florence . florence you be welcome . just keep after ‘em with the tea . they will be fine now . LAURA we have some good news for you . ( off Florence ) we would like to offer you a job . work here . for I . I x11 need help with the girl , cooking , clean , that sort of thing . Florence flick a look to pappy , reeling at the prospect of deal with he every day . LAURA ( cont 'd ) it mean extra money for you and you family . 44 , Laura smile , wait for Florence to leap at the opportunity . off Florence , not leaping ... CUT to : int . the jackson 's cabin - night the kid be asleep . hap and Florence whisper by lantern light . florence how can we say no ? hap we do not belong to they . we pay rent , work we own crop for we . that 's it . they can not just pick we up , set we down like we tool . florence you be the one always talk about save . how own we own parcel the only way to get out from under they foot . we be almost there . hap I do not want you work for they . florence I would not be work for they . I have be work for we . ( beat ) I already say yes . hap pull away from she . hap warm . hap ( quote scripture ) '' for the husband be the head of the wife , even as Christ be the head of the church . '' florence '' a excellent wife who can find ? she be far more precious than jewel . the heart of she husband trust in she and he will have no lack of gain ... hap all that Sunday you really be listen , huh ? Florence kiss he , stroke he beard . florence and now you need to listen to I . omitted omitted 45 . 46 . omitted ext . jackson shed - day Florence watch as hap inspect they prone , panting mule . laying on he side , he foam at the mouth , limb paralyze . hap drop he head , look up at Florence . prelap the sound of a gunshot ... int . hap 's church - day hap be a bullet across the pulpit . he transmute despair into belief behind he own eye . he rally , force himself to clap and sing . the church fall in with he . Florence try to sing along but look exhaust behind she eye . 47 . ext . hap 's church - day hap still in he Sunday clothes high up on a ladder . he hammer a mismatch length of siding into place . another deacon patch shingles on the roof . hap stop , take in the sunset behind he . marlon sprinting back up the road with building supplies . hap puff at the sight of he son . hap ( v.o. ) pride goeth before a fall . but I be just look at God 's own creation . be that pride ? be that a sin ? why ? hap 's hammer slip from he grip , he clutches after it , the ladder tumble sideways . hap fall in slow motion . hap ( v.o. ) I can not answer my child when they ask I . hap now paralyze on the ground , stiff and sputtering like the mule . marlon and other deacon gather around he . hap 's eye wide in surprise . hap black out . omitted int . jackson cabin - day series of shot : hap 's faile convalescence -- Florence clean hap 's leg , a river of bloody puss run from break skin . hap do not cry out . his leg be discolor and misshapen . Florence wrap clean bandage around it -- hap push open he bedroom window , see florence and marlon work the field on they own . Florence coaches the boy along , they work well past dark , invisible except for they bob lantern and the percussion of seed bag bounce against they leg -- lilly May change hap 's bedpan , hap hold himself up one tremble elbow , keep he face crane toward the wall . shame pool in the corner of he eye ext . cotton field - day Florence and marlon 's hard labor apparent in symmetrical row of furrow new earth . a rain drop kiss the ground . then another . another. 48 . hap ( v.o. ) the rain come that next day , a big hard rain that pack the field down tight as wax . int . jackson cabin - day Florence and child quiet against the window as they watch nature undo week of work . hap ( v.o. ) nothing we could do set there and watch it and fret for two day until it finally clear up . int . the jackson 's cabin - dawn hap watch he family out the window as they hoist they hoe and water bucket out to the mud-slick mess to begin again . lilly mae in a oversize hat have join they this time and jog to keep up . four lantern bob against cold daybreak . hap ( v.o. ) lingere along , lingered along . laid in that bed know my wife be out do my work for I . Florence 's hand all blister up and I see she rub she back when she think I be not look . hap pick up a birch basket he 's be work on , resume weaving . the racket of Henry 's tractor crash the peace . henry ( 0.s. ) hap ! hap in here . Henry mcallan appear in the window , inventory the room . henry how're you feel ? hap better by the day . henry I expect you be . Henry light a cigarette . 49 , henry ( cont 'd ) how much longer you gonna be laid up ? hap Doc turpin say six week , it 's be four already . I bet I 'il be out there by Monday . henry welp . I do not think you go 's have enough time to get everything in the ground . you be skin it close . hap Florence and the boy be work double time sir . plus you know field gotta be rebroke because of that rain . henry can not control the rain . ( beat ) but y’all ought be well into plant by now and you have not even get you field laid by . I can not afford to wait any longer , you be a farmer you understand that . hap yessir . henry as it stand , it 'il be the end of the week ' fore they even start fertilize . now if they have a mule , they have be do in no time . hap we lose we mule to lockjaw sir . Florence and the boy be -- henry you be gonna have to rent one of my mule . you will go back on half share to pay it off . the verdict stick in hap 's throat . Henry already amble back to he tractor . 50 . henry ( cont 'd ) send one a you boy to come fetch that mule after dinner . hap yessir . the blare of Henry 's tractor engine . hap throw off the bed cover . drenched in sweat , he snatch down a pair of workpant . he lift he bad leg into the trouser hole and shimmy he pants over he waist . he shift he weight onto he good leg and lever himself upright on one leg . he take a fortifying breath , slowly ease he bad foot to the ground -- hap ( cont 'd ) agh !!!! a horrible crunching sound as hap fall in a heap to the floor . hap let a sob escape for the first time . int . the mcallan farm house - night LAURA what do you mean Florence be not come back ? henry it 's only till July , she 's get to get that crop in the ground . LAURA where 's hap ? henry his leg be break . I tell you that . LAURA no you do not . Henry ? I need help with the girl . can not you lend they a mule ? henry no we can not lend they a mule , it 's just like with the atwood if they can not get the work do on time , the have to rent one of ours and pay we half of the crop for it . tough for they , good for we . be you for we ? LAURA hap hurt himself work for we -- 51 . henry hap hurt himself work for hap !! Laura recoil , Henry catch himself . henry ( cont 'd ) farming be a business Laura . and like any business it carry risk . LAURA I just think -- henry I sink everything into this farm . everything . we need to make some money this year . if we do not , we family 's in trouble . now . do you understand that ? Laura hold she tongue , lift she chin . LAURA ( v.o. ) he keep the money in a strongbox under the floorboard of we bedroom . int . the mcallan farm bedroom - day LAURA ( v.o. ) eight . thirty . sixty two . the date the confederate force crush the Union Army in the Battle of Richmond . Laura 's finger spin the dial and open the box . a stack of wrinkle cash . LAURA ( v.o. ) I do not think he know that I know the combination . omitted omitted int . the jackson 's cabin - evening doctor pearlman hello Mrs. Jackson ? Florence surprised at the unaccustom respect . the thick german accent . 52 . florence yes ? doctor pearlman I be Doctor pearlman . I be here to treat you husband . florence oh ... thank you . Florence step aside , wave the doctor in . Florence spot Laura idling in the truck . Laura wave from the driver 's seat . Florence wave back as she pull away . florence ( v.o . ) if you ’da ask I before then , I x'da tell you all white folk be the same . doctor pearlman ( 0.s. ) whoever do this be not a doctor . Florence follow the Doctor 's voice into the bedroom , linger in the doorway . doctor pearlman ( cont ’d ) it 's badly infect and I be go to have to re- set the bone . hap motion for a bottle of whiskey . Florence reach for it , Doctor pearlman unearth a anesthetic mask , and a vial of chloroform . doctor pearlman ( cont ’d ) no , no that will not be necessary , of course I be go to administer a anesthetic . hap and Florence embarrassed . Doctor pearlman favor Florence with a smile . doctor pearlman ( cont ’d ) but a little whiskey never hurt . omitted int . the mcallan farm house - bedroom - night Laura lie on she back , she gown below she knee 53 . LAURA ( v.o. ) Henry stay mad at I . and he show it by ignore I in we bed . Henry clomp in , pretend not to see she . Laura hoist she gown up to she thigh . LAURA ( v.o. ) I have not always enjoy Henry 's lovemake , but it make I feel like a true wife . he like to do it at night with one candle . that be he signal , the rasp of match against the striker . Henry blow out the candle . give she he back . Laura caress Henry 's back . he ignore she . LAURA ( v.o. ) I never think of refuse he . how could he refuse I ? no it be not fulfil . but it be at least a kind of sweet intimacy . Laura reach over , grope between Henry 's leg . Henry pick she hand up , place it back on she side of the bed . LAURA ( v.o. ) I never realize how much I need that until he turn away from I . int . a modest german house - bedroom — day sunlight fill the room where ronsel and resl sleep peacefully entwine . we notice a delicate gold necklace with a_crucifix hang from resl 's neck . a few quiet beat , then a cacophony of horn honk and jeep engine crescendos . ronsel wake quickly but resl snooze on . then , outside , he hear hoot and hollers . ronsel extract himself from resl 's sleepy embrace and move to the window . there he see a procession of american soldier hang off jeep and truck , wave american flag . soldier outside War 's over ! Hitler 's dead ! the war 's over ! ronsel watch they wonder if it 's true . resl join he at the window as the impromptu victory parade roll by . 54 . they look at each other , both know what it mean : he 's go home soon . a melancholy embrace . ronsel close he eye . smash CUT to : int . bus —- day as ronsel be suddenly wake up by the conductor ( White , 40' ) who move down the aisle from the loose White section to the over - pack color section . conductor tupelo ! next stop ! tupelo ! ronsel be in he dress uniform , adorn with medal . he shake off he sleep , look out the window . ronsel ( v.o. ) Home again , home again . jiggety - jig . coon , spade , darky , nigger . go off to fight for my country and come back to find it have not change a bit . ronsel reach into he pocket and pull out resl 's gold necklace and crucifix - a keepsake . ronsel notice a little boy stare at he . ronsel wink . the Little Boy salute . ronsel return the salute . omitted ext . tricklebank’s general store - day ronsel hop off the bus , pack sling , medal twinkle . he take he time surveying the stark town strip , a few loitering white townsmen eye he as he pass . omitted int . tricklebank’s general store - continuous ronsel enter and find Laura chat with store owner , rose tricklebank ( caucasian , female , 30' ) . Rose be back - country - — tough and wear a bandana to pull back she hair . ronsel howdy , miz tricklebank . tricklebank ronsel , be that you ? 54a . ronsel yes , mar ’am , last time I look . 55 . tricklebank well , I declare . be not you grow up . how be you ? ronsel can not complain . how you be ? tricklebank get along fine . you see you folk yet ? as ronsel grab can goods , sugar , and candy : ronsel no , I just get in . I want to stop and buy a few thing for ‘em first . LAURA hello , ronsel . I be Mrs. mcallan . you parent work on we farm . ronsel how do , mar ’am ? LAURA do hap and Florence know you be come home ? ronsel no , I want to surprise ‘em . LAURA you mother talk about you all the time . I know they 'il be mighty glad to see you . ronsel likewise . tricklebank ( be : ronsel 's purchase ) that everything ? ronsel yes , mar ’am . tricklebank sugar and candy too ? ronsel sugar 's for my momma . candy 's for marlon and lilly May . figure I would spoil ' ema little . ( more ) 56 . ronsel ( cont 'd ) ( smile be : he stripe ) sergeant 's pay . tricklebank I be sure they will appreciate that . LAURA my brother serve in the Pacific . and my husband 's brother be a bomber pilot . both of they fine , thank God . Nice to see you boy finally come home . tricklebank come to four dollar even . as Rose put ronsel 's thing into a sack , orris Stokes enter the store . he 's so big he take up the entire doorway . stoke well looky what we get here . a jig in a uniform . ronsel ignore the comment and pay Rose : ronsel thank you , miz tricklebank . rose sure thing . just then Henry and pappy enter the store with another man . ronsel grab he thing and try to step around Stokes so he can exit . but Stokes move in front of he . stoke where you think you be go , boy ? ronsel beg pardon , suh . just try to get home to see my folk . stoke not that way you be not . LAURA Henry , this be hap and Florence 's son , ronsel . he just return from overseas . pappy well , that explain why you be try to leave by the front door . ( more ) 57 . pappy ( cont 'd ) you must be confuse as to you whereabouts . ronsel I be not confuse at all , suh . pappy oh , I think you be , boy . I do not know what they let you do over there , but you be in Mississippi now , nigger . you use the back door . henry go on now . we do not want any trouble . go on . fist clench as the air thicken with hostility . ronsel be anchore where he stand , head high and defiant as he squarely meet the gaze of each man in the room . Laura 's eye plead with he to just go . then ronsel look to pappy : ronsel you know , suh , you be right . we do not go in the back over there . General patton put we right up on the front line . yessuh , he take we when nobody else think we be worth a damn . and you know we do ? we kick the hell outta Hitler and they jerries . all while every one of you be back here safe and sound at home . no need to thank I . ( then ) miz tricklebank . miz mcallan . the white man be agape as ronsel grab he thing and stride out the back door . angle toward the long dusty road out of town . int . the jackson 's cabin - night hap ( v.o. ) bless we , oh Lord , and this thy gift which we be about to receive from thy bounty through Christ we Lord and savior . hap , Florence , marlon , ruel and lilly May , all with they eye close , mid-prayer : 58 . hap ( 0.s. ) and , Lord , thank you for the sun you be send to make the cotton grow and for the health of all here present . and , Lord Jesus , please watch over my boy , ronsel , wherever in creation he may be . ronsel ( 0.s. ) amen . head snap to the doorway where ronsel be stand . the jackson be collectively freeze . ronsel ( cont 'd ) well , be not nobody gonna offer I some supper ? lilly may ronsel ! and lilly May be up like a flash and in ronsel 's arm . Florence be immediately drive to tear as she wrap she arm around ronsel and cover he with kiss . florence my baby ... ronsel hi , momma . florence so grow . lilly may handsome too . marlon work he way in and hug ronsel tightly . ronsel marlon here 's catch up with I ! how tall be you ? marlon wha have you get all they medal for ? lilly may how be the trip home ? marlon florence you get ‘em for kill why do not you write to tell Germans ? we you be come ? 59 . hap quit fussing over he now and let he say hello to he father . they part so hap can take a look at ronsel . then ronsel rush up and hug he . hap hold he son , tear welling . hap ( cont 'd ) I know you have come . I pray for it . ext . the jackson 's cabin - night it 's a warm night and a blanket of star cover the sky . cigarette smoke curl up into it and we find ronsel on the porch of the shack , smoking as he stare at the heaven . he react when hap and Florence come out . hap I have never know you to smoke , son . ronsel a lot 's change . florence you sure you get enough to eat ? ronsel I be stuff . use to dream about they biscuit , momma . florence I dreamt about you too . ronsel what do you see ? Florence shake she head and shiver at the think . then : florence you back with we now . safe and sound . hap be nice to have another pair of hand . with you home we might can make up what we lose after my accident . payoff the lien , get a new contract , go back to be tenant next year -- florence maybe he get plan of he own , hap . let he find he own mind . 60 . ronsel oh , no . yeah . I mean , of course . I will stay awhile . it ’1ll give I time to figure thing out . put the war behind I . hap be excited by the prospect , lean against the post he crutch forget . but ronsel be far away and be only feign enthusiasm . headlight of a truck come down the road . the truck pull into the yard and Henry get out . florence what 's he want now ? ronsel stiffen . hap and Florence trade a look as Henry stride up to the porch . henry even , hap. Florence . hap mist mcallan . this be we son , ronsel , I tell you about . henry we have meet . ( then ) I have better speak to you alone , hap . ronsel I be not a child . Sir . you get something to say to my father , you can say it to I too . henry all right then . you be ask for a heap of trouble by act like you do earlier at tricklebank 's . and I know you do not want trouble , least of all for you family here . hap florence what have you do ? he could n’ta do anything . ronsel just try to walk out the door be all . henry the front door . and when my father correct he he make a fine speech . put we all in we place , do not you ? 61 . hap be that true ? ( off ronsel 's nod ) then I reckon you best apologize . Henry wait and ronsel glare . but ronsel know he have no choice and he force the word out : ronsel I be mighty sorry , Mr. mcallan . henry my father 'il wanna hear it too . hap ronsel will pay he a visit after church tomorrow . wo not you , son ? ronsel yes . hap needle ronsel out the side of he eye . ronsel ( cont 'd ) sir. henry good . we will be expect you , boy . Henry stroll back to he truck and pull off . hap see the frustration in ronsel 's eye . hap no point in fight ‘em . they just go 's win every time . ronsel not use to walk away from fight , daddy . not anymore . ronsel ease past he father . Florence catch ronsel 's hand at the door , squeeze . ronsel kiss he mother 's hand , pat it as he move off . hap and Florence exchange wordless worry in the dark . x1000 / a9bxt jackson cabin - night ronsel & Florence lounge in they separate thought . take in the sleep silence . ronsel materialize a hershey bar and lay it on she knee . ronsel for you . 61a . Florence stunne from she day dream . florence oh . I -- no . this be so much . you brother and sister will love this . I will save it -- Florence move to take the bar in she apron . ronsel put he hand on hers . ronsel no . it 's for you . florence oh baby , I can not . ronsel go head . I 'ma watch you . Florence giggle , back in pamper . she venture one modest * square , pleasure wash over she face . Florence hold ronsel 's gaze stuff down overflow emotion . florence ( beat ) thank you . ronsel I love you ma. omitted ext . the mcallan farm house - day shout from the barn . it 's Henry argue with Carl atwood . they discussion move towards the porch : 62 . henry I do not give a damn ! if you can not do you job , I can not keep you on . that 's how it work . atwood Henry , please , I get Vera and the girl and one on the way -- we do not get anyplace else to go . henry that 's not my problem , Carl . and I get kid too . but I be runnin 's a farm here , not a charity . atwood please , sir . henry I will give you to the end of the week . and then I want you go . Henry walk away . as he move past Laura and into the house Carl stand there , shell - shocked . then eventually , he move off down the road . int . the mcallan farm house - later Laura read in a chair , rock herself unconsciously . Vera atwood waddling up the porch step -- pregnant belly , fresh black eye and split lip . vera howdy miz mcallan ! Vera like a child , press against the screen door . Laura lower she book , affix pleasantness to she face . LAURA hello . miss -- vera Vera . you can call I Vera . LAURA hello Vera . vera this here be my youngest , alma . Vera 's skinny daughter alma , recessive of chin and dull of eye lift she gaze to Laura 's . 63. vera ( cont 'd ) we needa talk to you . int . the mcallan farm house - later Vera crossing she dirty bare foot on Laura 's rug . Laura try not to notice . her daughter alma in the window pick at the end of she hair . vera you cai not put we off . LAURA Excuse I ? vera we be not get nowhere to go if you put we off . nobody 'il hire we this late in the season . LAURA it 's not up to I Vera , it 's up to my husband . Vera rub she pregnant belly . vera I be ask you to keep we on . LAURA I be tell you , it 's not my decision . vera and if it be ? ext . the mcallan farm house - night Laura hum as she churn butter on the porch while Henry read the paper and pappy smoke . Laura 's churn be especially tense and Henry notice : henry alright then , what be it ? LAURA what ? henry you get something on you mind . I can tell . ( off Laura ) you sing when you be happy . ( more ) 64 . henry ( cont 'd ) and hum when you be not . C ’mon now , out with it . LAURA Vera atwood be eight and a half month pregnant . where would they go ? how would they survive ? pappy ai not this touch ? Saint Laura , protector of woman and child . henry atwood be a lazy , stupid drunk . he 's lucky I have keep he this long . LAURA then make he work on half share like hap and he family . henry why would I go through all that when I can just hire a new tenant ? LAURA because you be a Christian . pappy the Lord be not the one put food on we table . LAURA do not you tell I most farmer around here can not find enough help to make a crop ? ( beat ) call it a business decision . for the good of the farm . Laura have a point . henry I will have a word with Carl tomorrow morning . just a word . Laura reward he with the tiniest smile , soften she churn . Henry bask in she quiet favor . pappy next she will be tell you what to plant . 65 . ext . mcallan farm house -— morning Laura 's hand red , raw , and forget between she knee . a washboard lean in a still steaming bucket of gray water . Laura stare at a dead mouse curl on the bottom step . LAURA ( v.o. ) violence be part and parcel of country life . you be forever be assaile by dead thing . amanda leigh accidentally bump a pair of trousers off the clothesline . amanda leigh jump back from the muddy heap , brace for she mother 's censure . Laura just blink . amanda leigh sling the pants back onto the line and scurries away . LAURA ( v.o. ) Dead mouse , dead rabbit , dead possum , dead bird . ext . mcallan farm - barn - day a possum corpse languish beneath a tree . ant march in and out of its pink mouth . LAURA ( v.o. ) you find they in the yard . you smell they rotting under the house . ext . the jackson 's cabin - day a sharp flick of the wrist , Florence snap a chicken 's neck . the body flop and unspiral itself as she run a bone knife across the jugular , spill hot blood onto the dirt . LAURA ( v.o. ) and then there be the creature you kill for food . ext . the atwood cabin - day dirty child straddle and climb the rickety porch railing . Vera atwood nudge tight brown fur backward over limp squirrel haunch . LAURA ( v.o. ) chicken , hog , deer , frog , squirrel . pluck , skin , disembowel , debone , fry . Vera wipe she nose on she shoulder , wedge the too-dull pocketknife deeper under the skin . 66 . int . the mcallan farm - night LAURA ( v.o. ) eat. start again . kill . Laura run a pipe cleaner down the barrel of a hunting rifle . LAURA ( v.o. ) I learn how to stitch up a bleed wound , load and fire a shotgun , reach into the womb of heaving sow to deliver a breech piglet . my hand do this thing . Laura snap the barrel into place . LAURA ( v.o. ) but I be never easy in my mind . int . / ext . the mcallan farm house - MAIN room - day Laura gnaw at the ball of she hand . thick yellow callouse peel off between she tooth . she chew they thoughtfully . stare out the window entrance . amanda leigh momma , somebody 's come ! a handsome soldier in aviator sunglass carry a suitcase . Laura look and realize : amanda leigh ( cont ’d ) uncle Jamie !! Laura shoot to she foot , smooth she hand against she apron . henry ( 0.s. ) Jamie ?! Henry whoops and bolt off the porch , limp and all . Laura hang back in the doorway . she straighten she dress and run she finger through she hair . she sight she dirty fingernails , clasp she hand behind she back . Henry rock Jamie in a tight embrace . they separate , look at each other . grab each other again . jamie you look good , brother . henry you look like hell . jamie do not sugarcoat it now . 67 . Laura edge closer with amanda leigh and isabelle , she hold out she hand for a squeeze . Jamie smile , scoops she into a hug instead . jamie ( cont 'd ) Laura . sweet sister - in-law . LAURA welcome home , Jamie . jamie how be you like it here in Henry 's version of paradise ? Laura start to answer but be spare from have to lie by : pappy you have think a son would see fit to greet he own father . jamie dearest pappy . I have forget how much I miss you . Said with a cut of sarcasm as Jamie shake pappy 's hand . henry ( to Jamie be : pappy ) he 's miss you too . he will not admit it but he have . jamie I bet . and he probably quit smoking and join the naacp too . Laura laugh and Jamie wink at she . pappy do not appreciate the joke . then Jamie smile at amanda leigh and isabelle . jamie ( cont 'd ) well hello little one . give you uncle Jamie a hug . the girl run and jump into he arm . int . the mcallan farm house - night the jitter of Jamie 's hand as he cradle a light cigarette . he pour a drink and finish in a single draught . pappy take note , do not hide he disdain . Henry pretend not to see . 68 . pappy so what 's it like be a big hero ? jamie I would not know . pappy do not give I that . Army write I about you fancy medal . Said they be the high honors a airman could receive . jamie I be lucky . lotta guy be not . pappy Bet you get plenty of tail out of it too . henry Jamie 's never need medal to get girl . pappy damn right . take after I that way . you momma be the prettiest girl in greenville . and I have ‘em all sniff after I . pappy smile with he yellow tooth . Jamie shift in he chair and light one cigarette with another . pappy ( cont 'd ) one thing 's for sure . you must 'a kill a whole lotta kraut to get all they medal . ( beat ) well , how many have you take out ? jamie I do not know . pappy take a guess . jamie I do not know . why 's it matter ? pappy a man ought to know how many man he 's kill . 69 . Henry return with the bottle and a glass . Jamie quickly uncork it and pour heavily . he gulp it down and refill . Henry be surprised . jamie I can tell you this . ( beat ) it be more than one . henry ( under he breath ) aw , shit . pappy 's eye narrow and he seethes for a beat , pappy well , at least I look my one in the eye before I shot he . not like drop bomb from a mile up in the air . Jamie throw back he drink and pour another . uncomfortable silence until Henry interrupt : henry well , good time to hit the hay . get a early day tomorrow . jamie I will just finish my drink . then smirk : then there be pappy absorb this , grab a lantern and shuffles out . Jamie slug back he whiskey . his eye flick back to the bottle . Henry grab it and move it out of range . henry what you need be a good night 's sleep . Laura make a bed up for you . Jamie stand and Henry give he a hug . henry ( cont 'd ) welcome home , little brother . ( beat ) now , go on , get some sleep . Henry start to move off . jamie actually it be more like four . henry what ? 70 . jamie mile up in the air . the altitude we drop bomb from . henry how can you even see anything from that high up ? jamie you would be surprised . road , city , factory . just not people . from twenty thousand foot they be not even ant . ( beat ) pappy 's right . a man ought to know . Jamie be haunt . Henry be concerned . int . tricklebank ’'s general store - day Rose tricklebank take she time bag grocery for Jamie . Jamie be polite , but curt as he eye be on he freshly purchase bottle of bourbon . tricklebank how long you be back from overseas now ? jamie coupl 'a week . tricklebank and how’re you like marietta ? jamie Lovely little town . just lovely . tricklebank move to bag the bourbon , but Jamie intervene . jamie ( cont 'd ) oh , I get that one . let 's just put that right here . Jamie put the bottle in a convenient spot , hurriedly shove in the remain provision . jamie ( cont 'd ) there we go . much oblige , miz tricklebank . you have yourself a wonderful day . Jamie smile , grab he stuff and head out . 71 . tricklebank take care , now . come back soon . ext . tricklebank 's general store - day - continuous Jamie hustle past a handful of white townsmen on the porch of the store . among they be orris Stokes . a pass car backfire . Jamie hit the ground and cover he head . Grocery spill everywhere . the townsman murmur and stare . ronsel ( 0.s. ) it 's alright . it be just a car . a help hand extend , Jamie follow it up to ronsel . ronsel ( cont 'd ) backfire . must have a stick intake valve . Jamie look up at the porch and see mean eye stare from underneath hat brim . he ignore ronsel 's hand , get up and retrieve he grocery . ronsel help . but when Jamie grab the bourbon he hand shake so badly he drop it . thankfully it do not break . jamie dammit . ronsel they say it stop eventually . ronsel hold out he own hand and it shake like Jamie 's . they trade a look and despite be from different world , there 's a instant kinship . jamie you be ronsel , hap 's boy . ( off ronsel 's nod ) Jamie mcallan . Henry 's brother . Jamie offer a hand shake . ronsel be surprised by the show of respect , but he oblige . jamie ( cont 'd ) you walk here ? ronsel yessir . jamie I ' 1l give you a lift . ( off ronsel 's reluctance ) c'mon. 72 . ronsel thank you . Jamie and ronsel move to the truck where ronsel hop in the truck bed and Jamie hop in the driver 's side . both of they be aware of the man still watch from the porch . int . henry's pick - up truck ( moving ) - day Jamie steal look at ronsel through the back window , squirm with guilt . memories of the b25 echo in he ear . ronsel oblivious to it , chase he daydream flitting across the landscape . Jamie pull over . jamie come on up front . ronsel I be do just fine back here . jamie get in soldier ! that 's a order ! a beat , then the truck rock as ronsel hop off and get in the passenger side . ronsel how do you know you outranke I ? jamie I be a captain . ronsel we have negro captain . I serve under plenty . jamie ( shrugging ) you obey my order . Bet you be a sergeant . ronsel 761st tank battalion . '' come out Fighting '' ! spearhead for patton . you ? jamie I fly B - 25' . Jamie reach into the grocery bag between they and take out the bourbon bottle . he uncork it then take a long , much need swig and drive on . 73 . jamie ( cont 'd ) so , sergeant , how do you like be back here in the Delta ? ronsel do not answer , he just look away . jamie ( cont 'd ) yeah , I too . ( beat ) Heard you and my pappy have word . ronsel ( stiffening ) I apologize for that . then to ronsel 's surprise , Jamie toast with the bottle . jamie he 's a disagreeable sonovabitch . I be sure he have it come . ( offer the bourbon ) here 's to you . ronsel no thanks . jamie you always this stubborn ? or be it just around white people try to be nice ? ronsel eye Jamie , then he grab the bottle , take a quick sip and try to hand it back . jamie ( cont 'd ) what kind of nco be you ? then ronsel take a big swig . so big it make he choke and spill a little . Jamie laugh : jamie ( cont 'd ) do not waste it now . that 's my medicine . I need every drop . ronsel admit a slight grin as he recover and hand the bottle back . Jamie take a pull , then : jamie ( cont 'd ) hey , you tanker boy ever piss in you helmet ? ronsel plenty of time . 74 . jamie we have relief tube up in the cockpit but sometimes it be easier just to use we flak helmet . and at twenty thousand foot ? that piss freeze solid in less than minute . ronsel it 's that cold up there ? jamie I be talk twenty , thirty below zero . and one time we be on this long haul and I go in my helmet and forget all about it . then when we get close to the target , I put the helmet back on . and we be do we bombing run , dodging enemy flak and suddenly I feel something run down my face . they both laugh as Jamie pass the bottle back to ronsel . jamie ( cont 'd ) I smell like a damn latrine . ronsel you must 'a catch hell back at the officer 's club . jamie my buddy never let I hear the end of it . ( beat ) the one that make it back anyway . ronsel yeah . lose some friend myself . they drive on in silence . int . henry 's pick - up truck - later Jamie and ronsel pull up and stop at the Jackson 's shack . ronsel thanks for the ride . jamie you be welcome . 75 . ext . the jackson 's cabin —- day - simulataneous hap , have hear truck , come out of the shack . Jamie roll the window down and smile drunkenly . hap everything alright mist Jamie ? jamie everything 's fine . I just give ronsel here a lift from town . ronsel round the truck , make he way up the porch stair . jamie ( cont 'd ) I will be head into town again next Saturday afternoon . I x11 stop by , see if you want a ride . ronsel that would be fine . jamie ( a nod ) hap . then Jamie pull out and weave off down the road . off hap , worried , as he look at ronsel ... ext . the mcallan farm outhouse - day Laura sloshes through ankle deep mud , trudge to the lean outhouse . Laura open the door to the buz of fly . it 's a hot day and the smell in here be oppressive . breathe though she mouth , she lift she skirt , squat and pee . she look down at the mud cake onto she boot and the hem of she dress . series of shot : LAURA 's tortuous bathing ritual LAURA ( v.o. ) Saturday be my favorite day of the week . --laura pump water in the yard , she haul sloshing bucket to the stove LAURA ( v.o . ) it be the only day I feel truly clean . --laura haul steaming water to a zinc tub in the yard , she bathes she muddy daughter . the water turn brown . 76 . -- the girl clean - wash and napping on the porch . LAURA lower herself into they cloudy lukewarm leftover . Laura cup water over herself , squat in the fleeting privacy of a flap sheet . pappy happen by , avert he eye a little too slowly . LAURA ( v.o. ) the rest of the time , we stank . -- Laura dump the dirty water . Henry peck she on the cheek as he drag into the yard cover in mud . omitted int . the mcallan farm house - bedroom - night where Laura look at she expand belly in a mirror . she turn profile and sigh with a grin . a beat , then Henry enter . Laura look at he and smile . henry what ? ( off Laura ) what be it ? LAURA I be pregnant . henry oh Lord , honey ... oh Lord ! ( hugging and kissing she ) woo ! LAURA shhh , you 'il wake the girl . Henry hug she again and they be overjoy . int . the mcallan farm house - MAIN room - day Laura , with bleary eye and a baby bump , shuffles into the room where Florence work in the kitchen . LAURA what time be it ? florence near to ten o'clock , Ms. Laura . LAURA good heaven . 77 . florence yes be , you definitely carry a boy . ronsel and marlon both , could not wake I for nothing . ( beat ) something for you on the table . Laura notice a pretty bunch of lavender wrap up in a bouquet . LAURA where be this from ? then Laura notice a note next to the flower . '' congratulation . Love , Jamie '' Laura close she eye and draw in the scent of the flower . LAURA ( cont 'd ) he remember I like lavender . how sweet . then suddenly , she have to pee like a pregnant lady . LAURA ( cont 'd ) ooh , excuse I . nature call . ext . / int . the mcallan farm outhouse - continuous as Laura hustle to the privy . then she enter to find bouquet of lavender everywhere - in can on the floor , in bunch nail to the wall and hang from the ceiling . Laura chuckle and smile wide then take a whiff . not bad , it 's work . then she lift she skirt , squat and pee . omitted ext . saw mill - day Jamie and ronsel stumble from the truck to the dilapidate see mill . ronsel hesitates . jamie c'mon , now , we be clear of town , nobody 's out here . ( with a bourbon bottle ) do not make I drink alone . I will if I have to . ronsel pry at a loose board . ronsel hope this damn thing do not fall down on we . 78 . int . saw mill - day - moment later Jamie and ronsel shimmy in through a rag gap . it 's old , decrepit and laden with cobweb . shaft of sunlight jut in through the wooden slat . ronsel use to come here when I be a boy . whenever I need to be alone and think . jamie well I love what you have do with the place . Jamie offer ronsel a smoke . ronsel accept and Jamie light he own then toss ronsel the lighter . ronsel light up and toss the lighter back . ronsel why you treat I so nice ? jamie because you look like you could use it . ronsel bullshit . Jamie drag on he smoke and measure ronsel with a drunken eye . then : jamie we be somewhere over Austria and we make contact with a swarm of messerschmit . they be everywhere . hard CUT to : int . b-25 bomber cockpit ( moving ) - day it 's bumpy as Jamie hold the plane on course . suddenly bullet rip through the cockpit and the co-pilot get shred . blood splatter on Jamie and on the '' lady luck '' pin - up girl . Jamie be horrify and we hear he voice over : jamie ( v.o. ) take out my tail gunner , side gunner ... my co-pilot . make a deal with God right there . ( more ) 79 . jamie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) swore if he save I I be gonna do something right . I do not know what , but I promise anyway . back to : int . saw mill - day jamie next thing you know , whole bunch of p - 38 's show up . just like the goddamn cavalry . they knock that Germans right outta the sky . I swear they be angel send by the Lord himself . hard CUT to : int . b-25 bomber cockpit ( moving ) - day Jamie hold the plane on it 's shaky course . then he look out to he leave and see a U.S. fighter plane come close . jamie ( v.o . ) that p - 38 's , they tail be paint red . and one of ‘em , he buzze I after the fight . when I look over I think I be see thing . but that fighter pilot ? he be color . the fighter pilot look at Jamie and salute . Jamie return the favor . then the fighter plane roll and peel off . back to : int . saw mill - day jamie then he salute I . and I salute back . ( beat ) Men who die that day ... they be father . husband . good man . lot better than I . Jamie steep in he survivor guilt . ronsel hand he the bottle and he drink . they trade a look , a bond form . 80. ext . the mcallan farm house - day LAURA ( v.o . ) as usual , when anything bad happen , Henry be away . he and pappy have go to see about some hog , so I be alone with the girl . amanda leigh and isabelle make mudpy by the water pump . Laura , pregnant , mend one of Henry 's shirt . Vera atwood , barefoot with a filleting knife , unlatch the fence , saunter into the yard . her sweaty dress cling to she , she smile incongruous . vera you need to take I to town . I be go 's kill Carl . Laura clock Vera 's knife . check the girl who be play on , oblivious . Laura keep panic out of she voice . LAURA come here Vera , come sit down and tell I what 's -- vera I do not have time to sit down . he 's with she now . he 's start in on alma , just like he do with renie . amanda leigh look scared , she take she sister 's hand . Laura keep panic out of she voice . LAURA amanda leigh take you sister into the house . Vera direct she wild gaze on they , she knife wink in the light . LAURA ( cont 'd ) go on around through the back . go. Vera rock back and forth on the heel of she foot now . the knife swinging at she side . LAURA ( cont 'd ) Vera - — Vera level the point of the knife at Laura 's neck . vera you get to take I to town now . 81 . LAURA Vera honestly , I -- I do not have the key . vera I see you drive before . Laura grasp at a lie . LAURA and I get in trouble for it . Vera blink , come back to herself . LAURA ( cont 'd ) my husband take the key away . Vera bury she face in she hand , let out a feral howl . Laura hesitates , reach for she . Vera step backward out of she grasp . wander out of the yard and back down the street like a ghost . LAURA ( v.o. ) they find Carl 's body lie in the road halfway to town . ext . country road - morning Carl atwood 's twisted body , dirt blow across he face . just another dead thing . LAURA ( v.o. ) Vera have stab he seventeen time then go on to marietta and turn herself in to sheriff thacker . men heft the Carl 's corpse into a truckbed . LAURA ( v.o. ) Florence say she have see she walk down Main Street , cover in blood . she say it look like she would bath in it . int . mcallan farm house bedroom - day LAURA ( v.o. ) ( beat ) but I do not find that detail until later . I be too lose in my own misery . 82 . Laura stoop , rush through she house . she draw she bloody hand from between she leg . double over on the bed . amanda leigh what 's wrong , momma ? she grunt and writhes , she hand press to she belly . amanda leigh ( cont ’d ) momma ? LAURA I need you to be a big girl and go fetch Florence from she house . do you remember how to get there ? amanda leigh nod tightly . another cramp hit and it hurt . LAURA ( cont 'd ) go. run as fast as you can . amanda leigh take off and Laura go to the ground . a grow blood stain form around she crotch . int . the mcallan farm house - bedroom - night Laura lay in the bed alone stare at the ceiling . her expression be stoic and empty . she do not react when Florence enter with food and drink . florence how you feel , Ms. mcallan ? ( off Laura 's silence ) bring some tea to help with the cramp . LAURA thank you , Florence . for everything . florence you know , I understand how you feel right now , Ms. mcallan . lose one of my baby once too . Samuel . they trade a look , two woman bound by the same tragedy . florence ( cont 'd ) might make you feel better to get out of this room . LAURA maybe tomorrow . 83. Florence linger sit next to she . then , after several beat , Laura 's face twist in sorrow and she weep . Florence hold she , let the sob ring out . int . the mcallan farm house - bedroom - night Laura sit at the edge of the bed stare at the wall . then Henry enter . he approach and put a hand on she shoulder . Laura let it rest there for a beat , then she gently shrug it off . Henry be concerned . int . the mcallan farm house - bedroom - day Laura lay in bed , curl up and depressed . she react when amanda leigh and isabelle enter with wildflower . amanda leigh we bring you flower , momma . LAURA thank you , sweetheart . then isabelle hold up a molt rattlesnake skin . isabelle this be for you , momma . we find it in the yard . Laura be repulse but she feign delight . LAURA oh my , that 's wonderful darling . I will treasure it . ( then ) go on back outside now and play . the girl scamper out and , with two finger , Laura put the snake skin far away . int . the mcallan farm house - bedroom - day Laura lay there , catatonic . we hold on she stillness for a beat . then the silence be break by hammering . Laura try to ignore it , but it 's loud and incessant . ext . the mcallan farm house - day - moment later Jamie hoist amanda leigh high over a new wooden stall . there 's a rope attach to a bucket and pulley contraption mount up top . jamie easy now . 84 . amanda leigh drop lavender bunch into the bucket of water . isabelle momma look ! uncle Jamie 's building a shower ! jamie ( to the girl be : Laura ) I think y’all be suppose to keep a look out and tell I if she be come . ( then to Laura ) surprise ! think you might like a little privacy every now and then . well , what do you think ? Laura stare at it , truly touch by the gesture . LAURA I think it 's marvelous . thank you . Laura hug Jamie . it feel good and she sink into he . and there 's a pin prick of light in the dark tunnel of she depression . henry what 's this ? Jamie and Laura quickly break the hug when Henry walk up . LAURA you brother build we a shower . henry you do not say . Henry check out the handy work and Laura and Jamie trade a quick glance . ext . the mcallan farm —- shower - sunset Laura enter with a towel . the deep thrum of insect and frog mingle with the distant sound of amanda leigh practice scale on the piano in the house . as Laura get undress she look up and notice large cloud stain with hue of pink and gold from the set sun . she pull the rope and the bucket tilt and pour water into another bucket puncture with hole which create a shower effect . then she release the rope and stop the water flow . Jamie be thoughtful enough to put in a soap dish . in it be a purple bar of soap . Laura put the soap to she nose and draw in the scent . lavender . she smile and lather up . 85 . then she pull the rope all the way and the entire bucket start pour . the water be warm and it feel wonderful . it 's be so long since she have a shower . she rinse and it feel so good it 's almost sensual . ext . the mcallan farm — day Henry drive he tractor through thick mud . the crop have grow - in but the field be flood and in bad shape . then the tractor lurch and get stick . Henry put it in reverse and the tire just spin and dig deeper . Henry put it in drive and try the other direction . to no avail . henry dammit . ext . cotton field - day still on one crutch , hap work the wet , overgrown field . the mud make the hard work even harder . he lose he foot and fall . he get up , more cover in mud than he be before . ext . jackson cabin - day lilly May and marlon perch on barb wire fence post gun down imaginary enemy . lilly May wear ronsel 's helmet , marlon wear ronsel 's boot . lilly may bang bang ! you dead Nazi cracka , you dead ! marlon oversteer he '' tank '' . marlon grrrrrr ! domp , domp domp domp . we runnin’ ‘em over ! watch you right gunner ! lilly May swivel she imaginary gun over to the right . just then a truck full of white sharecropper roll by . lilly May lower she '' gun '' . a man toss a soda bottle in they yard . the truck rattles past . lilly may ( whisper ) bang . you dead . int . the jackson 's cabin - day Florence mend sock as she look through a window watch ronsel sit against a tree smoking a cigarette . he 's get a thousand yard stare as he mindlessly drag and exhales . 86 . Henry 's truck pull up , Jamie behind the wheel . ronsel hop into the passenger side . Florence do not like what she see . then the truck pull out and Florence watch it go . ext . jackson cabin - dusk Florence lean against the porch post , gaze into the distance . hap hobble out on he still - splint leg . he lean he crutch against the house , put he arm around she , inhale she neck . Florence cradle he head . hap you be not tired ? florence we gotta let he go . hap we be not hold he . florence we be . he 's stay for we . hap maybe he want to stay . it 's not always gonna be like this . soon as I be heal we will move outta here . we will be okay . he ’1ll be okay once he have he own place -- Florence drop she head . hap spin she around to he , pull she into a clumsy one - legge two step . hap hum some break tune . Florence melt onto he . hap ( cont 'd ) remember that ? florence you not suppose to be up on this break leg , hawthorne Jackson . you never let it heal , you never go 's walk . hap why walk if I can not dance ? hap and Florence sway , hang in each other 's eye , grasp for exhaust joy . int . saw mill - day Jamie light a cigarette and ronsel sip from the bottle . they be both drunk . it 's hot in here and the sunlit smoke hang on the humid air . 87 . ronsel the silver star ? damn . jamie do not be impressed . I get it for be stupid . ronsel what ? jamie I almost drown in a flood when I be a kid . since then , bath , swim pool , any kind of water I hate it . and this one mission I change course so we would not be over the water so long . and , as luck would have it , we run smack dab into some enemy flak . a lot of it . but I manage to hit the target and bring we all back . ronsel you so scared of water you have rather get shot at than fly over it ? jamie damnedest thing , be not it ? they share a laugh and a drink , then : jamie ( cont 'd ) you ever miss it sometimes ? be over there ? I do not mean get shot at , but ... I actually miss it . ronsel I too . over there I be a liberator . have folk line up on the street cheer and throw flower . back here , I be just another nigger push a plow . jamie miss some of the guy too . ronsel think about ‘em every day . jamie see different part of the world . ( smile ) ( more ) 88 . jamie ( cont 'd ) italian girl . English girl . ronsel leak a smile . ronsel it be different over there . jamie ( beat ) you ever be with a white girl ? ronsel a few . jamie well I x11 be damned . ronsel Army give we separate barrack , separate blood supply , separate latrine . but they european girl do not mind we a bit . ( then ) when we be in wimbourne , English gal I never laid eye on pat I right on the butt . told I she be check for a tail because the white GI 's be say we be more monkey than human . so we make sure to show ‘em just how human we be every opportunity we get . jamie german girl too , huh ? ronsel yeah . well ... one in particular . ronsel drift with the memory of resl , wistful . jamie uh oh , I have see that look before . she must 'a be something special . ronsel yeah . she be . but that be then . and this be now . I be back home . right where I belong . Said with a cut of drunken sarcasm . 89 . int . the jackson 's cabin - night cricket outside as ronsel lay in bed by candlelight , wide awake . he 's gaze at resl 's gold necklace and crucifix . then , with resolve , he stuff it into a small tin box next to he bed and close the lid shut . then he blow out the candle , still wide awake as he try to forget she . int . the mcallan farm —- house - bedroom - night Henry snore loudly . so loudly Laura be awake . she shake he and he stop . then Laura settles in and try to get comfortable . but after a few moment , Henry start snore again . finally , Laura succumb to the futility and get up . ext . the mcallan farm house - night - moment later Laura exit the house into the moonlight . she be startle when she nearly trip over Jamie , who be pass out with a empty bottle of bourbon . fully clothed and breathe heavily from drink , he be peaceful and pitiful all at once . jamie nonono , I can not swim ! I can not swim ! Laura turn and see Jamie writhe in he sleep : jamie ( cont 'd ) LAURA no ! ahhhh ! ahhhhh !!!! Jamie ! Jamie wake up ! Laura shake he hard . Jamie shoot to upright , eye darting . then he look to Laura as the sense creep back into he . a beat , then he start cry . she pull he to she and he sink into she arm . after a few moment , Henry appear in the doorway . neither Laura nor Jamie notice he . Henry say nothing . he just stand there watch they embrace , jealousy in he eye . eventually , Henry move back into the house . then Jamie rip himself away from Laura 's embrace : jamie ( cont 'd ) I gotta get outta here . LAURA Jamie ... Jamie stumble toward Henry 's car , get in and pull away . CUT to : 90. ext . country road - night as Henry 's car go blaze by , swerving . int . henry 's car ( moving ) - later Jamie doze at the wheel . he awake and jerk the truck toward the side of the road . overshoot , and slip into a ditch . Jamie squinting , flail , cursing as he strip the gear try to free the truck . jamie damn ! ! Jamie shut off the engine , slump across the wheel cry , blubber , incoherent . he fall asleep across the wheel . headlights still on . omitted ext . country road - morning sheriff thacker knock on the truck window . Jamie , red - eye , stubble , haggard shoulder a line of drool away . he wake slowly , drag he sodden gaze to the window . Henry frown over the sheriff 's shoulder . Jamie shudder , struggle with the car door . sheriff help rip it open . Jamie stumble into the light . sheriff thacker we will get it haul out in the morning , Henry . Jamie and Henry clamber out of the ditch in silence . Jamie be hungover and haggard . jamie I be sorry . Henry shake he head in disgust . int . the mcallan farm - barn - day Henry hammer repair while Jamie finish milk the cow . when Jamie stand he trip , fall and spill milk everywhere . Jamie laugh . henry you think it 's funny spilling good milk ? 91 . jamie ( slurring ) well you know what they say , no use cry over it . henry no , especially when it 's somebody else 's . Jamie stop grin and turn sarcastic as he reach into he pocket and produce some coin and crumpled bill . jamie I see . what do I owe you , Henry ? about a dollar and a half ? let 's just say two to be safe . Jamie push the money at he . Henry slap he hand away and the money go fly . a clumsy , half - heart fist-fight . henry for Christ 's sake , this be not about the money . jamie then what do you want from I ? henry for you to be a man ! jamie one pail of spill milk and I be not a man ? henry you be sure not act like one . disappear for day at a time do whatever you damn well please . and when you be here , you be drunk . jamie I do not answer to you . henry you do when you live in my house and work on my farm . jamie oh , well I be real sorry about that Mr. boss man . but do not take it out on I because you little farmer dream be not work . ai not my fault you crop be get flood out . 92 . henry well you sure as hell be not help matter . it 's like have another goddamn child to look after . jamie you need to open you eye , big brother . you be so busy walk around here like God almighty , so wrap up in yourself and you damn farm you can not even see you own wife be miserable . henry watch you mouth . jamie or what ? Henry clenches he fist and square up . Jamie stand he ground . but Henry restrain himself . henry know what ? you be whatever kind of man you want . just go do it someplace else . jamie Fine , I 'il go to town . henry I do not mean just for the night . in the morning I be go to greenville for a few day to see about some livestock . i’11 expect you go when I get back . they hold a look , neither man see clearly through the fog of anger and pride . then Henry leave Jamie in he wake . int . the mcallan farm house - barn - later as Jamie pack he thing , frustrated , angry . he react when Laura knock at he open doorway . LAURA hi there , will you be here for supper tonight ? jamie uh...no. 93 . LAURA ( be : the pack bag ) be you go someplace ? jamie out west probably . gotta buddy from the war who life in Los Angeles . LAURA Los Angeles ? Jamie , what be you talk about ? jamie he do not tell you ? LAURA who do not tell I what ? jamie Henry . he kick I out . LAURA what ? jamie he ask I to leave . I probably have it come . LAURA that can not be . he 's just sore about the wreck . let I talk to he . jamie no , Laura . he 's more than just sore . and it 's probably for the best . LAURA so just like that ? you up and leave ? be you even plan on say good - bye ? jamie of course . first bus out do not leave ' till two . LAURA what about the girl ? this will break they little heart . jamie I ' 1l talk to they . 94 , Jamie keep pack . the suddenness of this new reality be a bitter prospect for Laura . LAURA do you father know ? jamie I will go down to the river and find the girl . and pappy ... i’1l just leave he a note . LAURA you do not need to go , Jamie . when Henry cool off he 'il listen to I . Jamie stop pack for a moment and stare at the floor . then he look at she , so much hurt in he eye . jamie Laura , I can not stay here . I feel like I be suffocating . I can not explain it ... LAURA you do not need to . Laura run she hand along he suitcase and wish she could run away with he . Jamie tamp he pain , tired of be pathetic . Laura move to he , close . they gaze at each other for a very long beat , neither want to say goodbye . then with alarming swiftness , Laura grab Jamie and kiss he . deeply . hungrily . then suddenly he push she away . both of they breathe heavily , they heart racing . then Jamie pull she close and they kiss again . clothes get tear off as they tumble onto the bed . Jamie and Laura devour each other . int . the jackson 's cabin - day Florence , hap , marlon and lilly May clean up after breakfast . ronsel enter , haggard and sleepless . hap it 's half past nine . you just now get up ? ronsel shrug and nod . hap ( cont 'd ) you just go 's lay around all day ? while you brother and sister work ? what 's wrong with you -- 95 . lilly may you get a letter . say it 's all the way from Germany . ronsel what ? hap hand over a wear envelope that 's travel a long way . ronsel snatch it . hap who 's resl braun ? ronsel someone I know . and ronsel head out the front door . hap where you go now ? ronsel ! ronsel I 'il be back . ext . MISSISSIPPI road - day the grey horizon hint at a come storm . ronsel walk along , a swirl of emotion , shaking he head in disbelief as he read the letter . then he react to the rise sound of a approaching truck . he quickly shove the letter into he pocket . the truck be move fast . the glint from the windshield prevent we from see the driver . but we hear the engine rev higher as he step on the gas . ronsel move to the shoulder of the road . but the truck swerve in he direction and bear down on he . ronsel run and dive into a ditch just as the truck rumble up and skid to a fast stop . then , surprisingly , Jamie tumble out , laugh and drunk . he 's get a bottle of whiskey and he look like absolute hell . jamie you should 'a see the look on you face . ronsel it be not funny . jamie actually , my friend , it be indeed . 96 . ronsel get up and brushes himself off . Jamie be still smile . then soon , ronsel can not help but smile too . ronsel you be crazy you know that , right ? jamie can not argue with that . no , sir . Jamie take a pull from the bottle and plop to the ground , a mess . ronsel see the state he 's in . ronsel hey . be something the matter ? Jamie get quiet and pick at the label on the bottle . jamie what 's the worst thing you ever do ? ronsel ( after a beat ) that lady I tell you about . the one at the prison camp . jamie no , I mean something that hurt somebody real bad . and you know it be gonna hurt ‘em , but you do it anyway . this time ronsel get quiet for a long beat . then he pull out the letter and a photo and hand it to Jamie . ronsel leave she . Jamie look at the picture then read the letter . then he react and smile : jamie well , I will be . congratulation . you be a father . ronsel his name 's franz . jamie franz . that 's a good name . ( then ) so that 's the german girl . 97 . ronsel nod and we finally see the photo . it be of resl hold a swaddle baby . Jamie hand the photo back to ronsel and hold up the bottle : jamie ( cont 'd ) well this call for a celebration . here 's to franz . Jamie take a swig and hand ronsel the bottle . ronsel to franz . then ronsel take a drink and give the bottle back to Jamie . jamie so what the hell be you gonna do ? ronsel I have no idea . she want I to go to Germany . jamie Long way off . ronsel nod , he know . Jamie stare into the distance as ronsel stare at franz . then : ronsel what about you ? what 's the worst thing you ever do ? Jamie look at he , he mind on Laura and they tryst . but Jamie smile and cover : jamie who I ? I be a saint . ronsel oh yeah , I bet . then there 's a distant thunder rumble . the cloud on the horizon be get darker . Jamie kill the whiskey bottle and toss it into the ditch . int . henry 's pick - up truck - day Jamie and ronsel pass a new bottle and sing in unison : jamie / ronsel it do not mean a thing if it be not get that swing . ( more ) 98 . jamie / ronsel ( cont 'd ) doo-ah , doo - ah , doo - ah , doo - ah , doo - ah , doo - ah , doo - ah . it do not mean a thing all you get -- they both react to a approach car and stop sing . jamie oh shit , put you head down . ronsel duck . the dust make it hard to see but the road be narrow and soon they pass the oncoming car . orris drive and pappy ride shotgun . Jamie look forward and ronsel keep he head low . pappy and orris crane they neck as the vehicle cross . ronsel you think they see we ? jamie do not know . int . henry 's pick - up truck - day Jamie and ronsel pull up to the Jackson 's shack , both drunk . jamie here we be . ( beat ) I will be leave town soon and ... well , good luck to you . you have be a friend . I want you to know that . ronsel yeah ? well I want you to know it too . you be one of the good one . Jamie hesitates to accept this truth . ronsel extend a hand . Jamie grap it , they shake hard . jamie hope you find a way to you ... to you boy ... to you ... family . ronsel take care of yourself . jamie you too . they hold a look , friend . Jamie extend a hand . they shake . 99 . int . the jackson 's cabin - day the rumble of distant thunder . Florence flinch when ronsel enter , wobbly and high . ronsel hi , momma . she watch he , want to hug he ask he where he 's be . but what come out be : florence you hungry ? ronsel no . where be everybody ? florence go up to church . late service . ronsel plop onto he cot . Florence want to talk to he , help he , but he seem so unreachable . ronsel reach into he pocket and pull out the envelope from resl . he reach inside and find nothing . where 's the letter and the photo ? brow furrow , he stand and rifle through he other pocket . not there . oh shit . rising panic . he lose it . ronsel goddammit ... no , no , no . florence what be it son ? ronsel you see a letter ? florence the letter from Germany ? ronsel yes. florence oh God . let 's just wait . do not fret . wait till you father -- ronsel bust out of the shack and back into the night . florence ( cont 'd ) ronsel ? ronsel ! 100 . ext . MISSISSIPPI road - day the threat of thunder have turn into reality of pound rain . ronsel run to the spot where he tell Jamie about the letter . he look around desperately . he find the empty whiskey bottle with the label Jamie pick off . int . the mcallan farm house - day Laura be in the kitchen . amanda leigh and isabelle be on the floor play with building block . pappy linger by the window , anxiously wait . pappy goddammit , where be he ? LAURA ( be : the girl ) mind you language , please . pappy just like he . think only of himself . ( then ) there he be . outside the truck pull up , weaving badly . Jamie get out and stumble to the house . pappy ( cont 'd ) drunk again . Jamie enter , rumple , wet and smile . jamie well , hello , dear family . amanda leigh / isabelle uncle Jamie ! LAURA let he dry off first . pappy who in the hell be that with you in the truck ? jamie hello , son . I be glad to see you . pappy on the road . when I see you drive . who be that ? 101 . jamie ronsel Jackson . what 's it to you ? pappy you care to tell I why that nigger be sit right next to you like you be two peas in a pod ? jamie because I be give he a ride . pappy he can ride in the back . jamie he can ride wherever I say . anything else ? pappy gimmie a cigarette . I be out . Jamie stare at he for a beat then pull out a old pack of lucky strike . pappy snatch they . it 's empty . pappy ( cont 'd ) you be not worth a damn , you know that ? jamie yeah . I do . Jamie wobble . pappy look at mister big war hero . nothing but a drunk . LAURA just go . pappy want he all to yourself huh , gal ? too bad he 's too liquore up to be any good to you . LAURA I beg you pardon . pappy I have see the way you sniff after he -- jamie pappy . 102 . pappy Henry may be too thick to notice , but I be not . ext . MISSISSIPPI road - night rain as ronsel trudge up the road . then he react to the crescendo of approach car . he turn and see two set of headlight approach fast . ronsel jump down into the ditch . but instead of pass , the car pull up and stop . ronsel be a bit blind by the headlight and the rain . but soon several figure in white sheet and hood pile out of the car and rush at he . ronsel run but they be on he like a pack of dog . he fight and struggle , landing several hard punch . but he 's outnumber . int . the mcallan farm house - lean to - night rain beat on the roof as Jamie sleep on he cot . a beat then he be poke awake by pappy 's cane . Jamie bolt up , startle to see pappy . orris Stokes and the sheriff be behind he in white robe . jamie what the hell 's go on ? pappy put you boot on and come with we . ext . saw mill - night hard rain . orris Stokes 's car pull up and stop among some other park car . Jamie , pappy , and orris Stokes get out and move towards the see mill . we can see torch light come from inside the mill . as they go , the sheriff and Stokes don they white hood . this give Jamie pause and he stop . but Stokes shove he along . stoke go on . they open the door to the see mill and enter . int . saw mill - night - continuous Inside be a group of man in kkk garb . in the middle of the mill be ronsel . he have a burlap sack over he head , a noose around he neck and he hand tie behind he . he 's strung up from a rafter , he tip -toe barely touch the ground . one of the white hood hold the other end of the rope . another man ( dex ) stand nearby with a shotgun . 103 . jamie what 's go on here , pappy ? pappy shut up . sheriff thacker ( be : ronsel ) take it off . dex move to ronsel and yank the sack off he head . as he eye adjust to the light we see that ronsel have be beat up . jamie good Lord . turn he loose . pappy I say shut up . jamie like hell I will . turn he loose , dammit . Stokes pull he pistol and level it at Jamie : stoke you best listen , son . jamie I be not you son . and I suggest you either use that thing or point it elsewhere . Jamie ready lunge at Stokes . pappy Jamie ! sheriff thacker bring forth the evidence . one of the white hood move forward and bring out the letter and the photograph from resl . both Jamie and ronsel see it and sink . the white hood hand it to pappy . sheriff thacker ( cont ’d ) you know why you be here , nigger ? ( off ronsel 's silence ) I ask you a question . ronsel stay silent . sheriff throw a nod to orris who walk over to ronsel and slug he with a leave and then a right to the rib . the thud from the blow force grunt from ronsel. 104 . Jamie wince . but ronsel stay as cool . he will not show they he fear . pappy walk up to ronsel and show he the letter and the picture of resl and franz . ronsel eye the photo . sheriff thacker ( cont ’d ) do you rut with this woman ? pappy we know you do it , nigger . we just want to hear you say it . the white hood hold the rope jerk it . stoke go on ! say it ! jamie what the hell do you fellow care about some kraut whore ? stoke shut you mouth , nigger lover . pappy you know about it . found the letter in the truck after you give he a ride . jamie that fraulein cunt get a lot of we boy kill . if ronsel here leave she with a little half - breed bundle of joy to remind she of it , I call it justice . Jamie 's logic land for a moment and there 's hope . sheriff thacker oh you be good , pretty boy . too bad you be full of shit . jamie how do you even know that ronsel here , be the father ? pappy say so right there in the letter . jamie that do not mean a damn thing . 105 . stoke well , let 's ask he , why do not we ? ( to ronsel be : the photo ) be you the father of this , I will not call it a child , this ... abomination ? sheriff thacker answer he ! the noose tighten . ronsel will not deny he own son and he manage to choke out the word : ronsel yes ... sheriff thacker leviticus 19:19 . '' ye shall keep my statute . thou shalt not let thy cattle gender with a diverse kind . thou shalt not sow thy field with mingle seed . " the penalty for abomination be death . jamie have you all lose you damn mind ?! killing a decorate soldier over a enemy whore ?! the man fight for patton for godsake -- stoke that 's enough -- jamie you turn he loose now and maybe I will not go to the law . otherwise , I swear , you better kill we both . Stokes can not believe the nerve of Jamie and he move towards he with the gun . pappy you gonna betray you own blood over a nigger ?! pappy try to stand between Stokes and Jamie , but Jamie shove he out of the way . Stokes point the gun at Jamie . Jamie step up and put the gun barrel to he own forehead . jamie do it . go on. 105a . the entire room hang on the tension for a long beat . then , quick as a cat , Jamie swipe the gun with one hand and punch Stokes in the mouth with the other . Stokes 's head snap back and he stumble backwards and fall . Jamie quickly turn to dex who have the shotgun . 106 . jamie ( cont 'd ) Drop it , dex ! dex hesitates and Jamie cock the hammer . jamie ( cont 'd ) drop it ! pappy he 's bluff . and half drunk besides . jamie shut up , old man . pappy Point the gun at the nigger . pappy move right into Jamie 's eye line , block he shot . pappy ( cont 'd ) he will not shoot . he do not have the ball to kill a man up close . do you , son ? dex point the shotgun at ronsel . pappy step closer to Jamie . jamie stop right there . I be warning you . pappy you not go 's kill you pappy . then one of the white hood charge at Jamie . Jamie turn and shoot he in the leg . but that be enough to give the other a chance to rush in . Jamie squeeze off another shot that miss before he get tackle . in the subsequent melee , they somehow manage to wrest the gun from Jamie 's hand . but Jamie punch , kick and give everything he 's get , fight like a cornere animal . but soon , they overwhelm he . and they proceed to beat the shit out of he . Jamie and ronsel lock eye for a moment during the beat . then a kick to the head from Stokes . CUT to black . pappy 's voice fade in , echo -y and distant . 107 . pappy ( v.o. ) wake up ! Jamie ! wake up dammit ! smash CUT to : int . the saw mill - night Jamie be awaken by a bucket of cold rain water . he be bruise , blurry and daze . but as focus restore he see a mass of white hood stare down at he . among the hood be pappy 's face . Jamie recoil and try to push he away but he hand be tie behind he back . pappy yank he upright and prop he against the wall . Jamie see that ronsel now hang from a cross -beam , naked and bloody . pappy you make one more wrong move this boy be liable to kill you . stoke ( be : Jamie ) what do we do with he ? pappy I tell you already . he will not talk . ai not that right , son ? jamie ( be : ronsel ) just let he go . stoke you be not exactly in a position to make demand . pappy he will not go to the law . not if we make he a part of it . sheriff thacker how ? pappy nigger still need to be punish . you let my son , there , decide how . sheriff thacker ( after a beat ) alright then . what will it be ? jamie I will not do it . 108 . pappy you do not want he kill ? then decide he punishment . jamie no . Stokes unsheathes a hunting knife : stoke you will . or I will . dex move to ronsel and put the shotgun to ronsel 's head . sheriff thacker I will give you a choice . his eye . his tongue . or he ball . choose. ( off Jamie 's silence ) choose godammit ! jamie no ... stoke dex -- jamie alright ! alright ... Jamie lock eye with ronsel . this be a impossible choice . sheriff thacker which be it , boy ? Jamie 's head drop and he mumble something . doc turpin speak up . as turpin lean in the rising music and the sound of the STORM outside take over . then in a series of flash : -- Jamie say something to the sheriff that we can not hear . -- Stokes turn towards ronsel with the knife . -- White hood hold a struggle ronsel . -- Stokes grab ronsel by the face and force he mouth open . -- Jamie can not look and he avert he eye . 109 . -- ronsel 's strange muffle scream -- Stokes slice and blood spurt from ronsel 's mouth and stain some of the white robe around he . smash to black . int . the mcallan farm house - barn - night Jamie be throw onto he bed , wet , beat and unconscious . pappy and orris Stokes glower above he . Stokes drift out . pappy freeze , stare at Jamie . he remove he son 's boot . throw a horse blanket over he . Jamie sputter in he sleep . a confusion of feeling mottle pappy 's face . ext . the saw mill - same time intercut hap , marlon , Florence , and other black deacon push the door open and enter the scene of the crucifixion . ronsel hang bleed from the crossbeam , the Black messiah . hap and marlon immediately set to lever he down . Florence 's hand go to she mouth . int . the mcallan farm house - lean to - night - later driving rain and howling wind outside . pappy sleep peacefully , he breathe deep and steady . a lightning flash accompany by thunder briefly illuminate the room . several beat , then more thunder and lightning and we see Jamie stand by pappy 's bedside . he stare at pappy as he clinch the pillow in he hand . then finally he shake pappy violently : jamie wake up . pappy jerk awake and squint up at Jamie : pappy the hell be you do , boy ? jamie I want to make sure I look you in the eye . with that Jamie shove the pillow onto pappy 's face . pappy thrashes and claw . Jamie press harder . then soon the thrashing weaken . pappy 's leg kick become twitches and he hand loose from Jamie 's . and then pappy be still . Jamie hold the pillow there for several more beat . then , slowly he pull it from pappy 's face . pappy 's eye be wide and he mouth agape . 110 . int . saw mill - same time intercut florence oh Lord , no ... a river of blood pool from ronsel 's mouth as hap lower he to the floor . Florence wrap he nude body in she headscarf . Mary magdalene . marlon scoops up he brother 's leg . Florence touch he chest , howl in sorrow . she cup she hand over he chest . bomp bomp bomp . florence ( v.o. ) I hold he heartbeat in my hand . I remember every beat . he be warm and alive ... ronsel stir and cough . omitted int . the mcallan farm house - lean to - day where Laura knock on the door . no answer . perplex , she push the door open and enter . she react when she see pappy eye wide open , lifeless and freeze in shock . then she reach out , touch he skin and quickly recoil from the cold . she scan Jamie 's empty bed . something on the floor catch she eye . she reach down and pick it up . it 's pappy 's white hood . Laura hold it up and see the eye hole and realize . jamie ( 0.s. ) it 's exactly what you think it be . Laura see Jamie sit in the corner clutching the pillow he smother pappy with . she react to he beat up face : LAURA what happen to you ? ( off he desolate look ) what happen , Jamie ? Jamie . Jamie reach into a pocket and fish out the crumpled photo of resl and ronsel 's son . Laura look at it , confuse . jamie thy get ronsel . I try to stop it ... there be too many of they ... lll . LAURA what happen Jamie ? what do they do to he ? jamie they make I choose . LAURA choose what ? jamie I have to . LAURA he 's alive ? Jamie shake he head , twist the pillow in he fist . Laura look to pappy , Jamie finally meet she gaze . Laura gently pries the pillow from Jamie 's hand . int . jackson cabin — dawn the hush of daybreak . ronsel laid out on the kitchen table . Florence wipe dry blood from he swollen , bruise body . she dab at the stillness of he face . omitted omitted scene move and re - numbered to scene 162 ext . the mcallan farm —- later a truck drive up the road and stop . Henry get out with a bag . he wave and nod to the driver . Laura and Jamie move out towards Henry . Jamie have clean up and change he clothes , but he 's still beat up . Jamie and Laura approach Henry as he kneel at he crop . he flick a glance at they , more concerned with the cotton . henry get back as soon as I could . if this keep up we will have to replant . Almanac predict -- LAURA Henry . 112 . henry ( be : Jamie 's bruise ) what in the hell happen to you ? LAURA Henry . henry what ? Laura look to Jamie . but Jamie just shake he head and stare at he shoe . LAURA it 's you father . he die last night . henry what ? how ? LAURA in he sleep . peacefully . Henry drop he head as the news wash over he . then Henry look at Jamie and regret they last exchange . henry you alright ? ( off Jamie 's nod ) I be glad you be still here . Jamie nod then Henry hug he . Jamie , rack with guilt and pain , hug back . prelap the rumble of thunder and ... ext . the mcallan farm - day a lightning flash and we return to the beginning . henry hap . can you help we out here ? we need to get this coffin in . hap pull he arm away and step down . Florence spit over the side of the wagon and glare at the mcallan . henry ( cont 'd ) thank you for stop . hap take a end of the rope , Henry eye marlon . henry ( cont 'd ) maybe he can help too ? 113 . hap my son be not get down outta that wagon . Henry swallow this . henry okay . Henry take two end of the rope , hap and Jamie each take one and they maneuver the coffin down into the hole . the coffin touch bottom and they pull the rope back up . Henry stare down at the coffin for a beat then : henry ( cont 'd ) we forget to bring a bible . hap look to the sky and cock he head like he 's listen to something . then he bow it and pull a small , tatter bible from inside he jacket . hap done this plenty of time . henry thank you , hap . but no . LAURA if he 's willing to we should allow it . he be a man of God . jamie I say we let he . henry ( after a begrudge beat ) go on then . hap flip to a certain page as they all bow they head . a beat , then hap close the Bible and quote from memory . his voice be strong and ringing . he 's not try to comfort the bereaved . he 's send pappy to Hell : hap man who be bear of a woman be of few day and full of trouble . he cometh forth like a flower , and be cut down : he fleeth as a shadow , and continueth not . and dost thou open thine eye upon such a one , and bringest I into judgment with thee ? who can bring a clean thing out of a unclean ? not one . 114 . Henry frown , not appreciate the tone or content of the sermon . Laura hold he hand , Jamie look up : hap ( cont 'd ) for there be hope of a tree , if it be cut down , that it will sprout again . through the scent of water it will bud like a plant . but man dieth , and wasteth away . as the water fail from the sea and drieth up , so man lieth down , and riseth not . till the heaven be no more , they shall not awake , nor be raise out of they sleep . amen . LAURA amen jamie amen . Henry be silent . his head still down , he start shovel angry mound of dirt onto the grave . hap tip he hat and make for the wagon . jamie ( cont 'd ) hap , wait . Jamie move to where the tarp hang . he can not see inside , but he know who 's in there : jamie ( cont 'd ) give this to ronsel ? if you see he . Jamie pull out the photo of resl and franz . Florence reach out and take the photo . Jamie and Florence hold a long look . Jamie 's eye well up with guilt . hap manage a forgive nod then spur the mule on . off Jamie watch they go ... he look back at he brother shovel dirt . Laura eye plead with he . Jamie turn away and keep on walk . a lone man on a muddy road . fade out : omitted omitted omitted 115 . int . / ext . union station los angele - day Jamie , small pack sling over he shoulder walk through the grand lobby . he reach into a pocket , pull out a flask and take a couple swig . jamie ( v.o. ) whenever ronsel enter my mind I hope that he be well . we stay with he as he move outside to ... Sunshine . Palm tree . a clear view of the mountain in the distance . Jamie squint . the dry heat feel good on he face . then as he move off : jamie ( v.o. ) and I hope that my pappy 's untimely death bring the Jackson family some measure of peace . though I must admit , it bring I none . omitted omitted int . L.A. apartment - night jamie ( v.o. ) I just thank God I still have room in my heart for hope of any kind . 1940 's LA noir style . as Jamie smoke a cigarette at a open window with a blink sign out front . a pretty woman pour bourbon . it 's a hot night and she cross naked to the bed with two sweat glass . Jamie draw on he cigarette then follow she to the bed . jamie ( v.o. ) but until then I be content to stay perpetually numb . all the while hope that by some miracle my friend , ronsel , find happiness . off Jamie drink ... and hope . ext . the mcallan farm - day as Henry drive he tractor through the field : henry ( v.o. ) a few day after I lose my father , I lose my brother too . the girl take it hard . frankly , so do i. but , Laura , she understand . ( more ) 116 . henry ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she know Jamie need to leave this place . just like I know she need to . my family 's the only real thing that matter to I now . ext . SMALL house - day on a block with other small house . amanda leigh and isabelle play in the front yard enclose by a white picket fence . henry but I often miss my brother and find myself hope he 'il come home someday . I just pray he 's not lose forever . Laura waddle out onto the porch and we see that she be very pregnant . Henry pull up in he truck and get out . the girl see Henry and run to he . LAURA ( v.o. ) I would never tell Henry the truth about this child . Jamie 's child . that would only serve to clear my conscience , not he . it 's a small bit of dignity that I can give back to he . though he have no idea I have take it . Henry move up to the porch and give Laura a hug and warm kiss on the lip . then he bend and kiss she belly . and for the first time ever , we see Henry truly smile . LAURA ( v.o. ) I have learn that 's what it be to truly love someone : to give whatever you can while take what you must . omitted ext . cotton field - day hap and marlon hitch a new mule to a new plow in a beautiful field . hap ( v.o. ) this here be the loin of the land . beautiful black soil make rich by two great river and the hand of the Lord himself . ( more ) 117 . hap ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and now , with sweat , toil and the grace of God , we get ourselves a little piece of it . my child get something they can call they own . and can not nothing change that . not ever . hap can see Florence and lilly May over by a water pump . he wave . they wave back . ext . new jackson home - day Florence work the water pump with lilly May at she side . florence ( v.o . ) if you get child , you get dream for ‘em . you want ‘em to live they life think they can do whatever it be they want to . Florence fill the bucket , lilly May try to help but Florence shoos lilly May towards they new , nicer home . daffodil ring the step . Florence wipe she sweaty brow and watch as lilly May perches on the porch , pull out a notebook , pencil , book : US personnel office stenography grade and evaluation guide . lilly May sink into the page . florence ( v.o . ) all three of my child a gift from God . just let they keep shine , Lord . no matter how hard they try to dim that light , let it shine bright as the sun . ext . hap 's wagon - day ronsel 's face through slotted wood as hap 's wagon lurch to a start . Household goods bump and rattle above he . Jamie 's voice trail away . jamie ( 0.s. ) .-- give this to he ... if you see he again ? pool rain drip down from a tarp , through the crack onto ronsel 's close eye . ronsel ( v.o . ) my nightmare be always the same . first I be in a tank wear a helmet . then I be in the back of a car with a burlap sack over my head . ( more ) 118 . ronsel ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be surround by enemy and the stench of they hate be choke I . ext . berlin STREET - day we float past the war tear brandenburg Gate . a pair of american soldier amble past . ronsel ( v.o. ) I scream . my lip move and I can feel the strain . but nothing be come out . nothing . ext . berlin STREET - day the bomb out spire of the kaiser wilhelm Church . ronsel ( v.o . ) but should my story end there ? silenced and defeat ? oppression , fear , deformity . it would take a extraordinary man to beat all that . ext . berlin STREET - day we float down a clean residential street . ronsel ( v.o. ) I would have have to wean myself off laudanum and self - pity . then I would have have to work the field with my father while I gather my courage and save my money . and then I would have have to swallow my pride and accept help from Army buddy who have learn of my plight . I would have have to take the scholarship to morehouse College they arrange for I and travel the four hundred mile to Atlanta alone with a little card in my shirt pocket that say ' mute 's . int . apartment build stairwell - day - moment later a crisp , suite man climb the stair , check the address . we can not see he face . eventually he reach a door and stare at it for a long time . ronsel ( v.o. ) and then finally , I would have have cross the Atlantic yet again . this time not for war . but for love .