m U L h o L L a N D D R I V E 1/5/1999 m U L h 0 L L a N D D R I V E ext . night - hollywood hill , los angele darkness . distant sound of freeway traffic . then the closer sound of a car - its headlight illumine a oleander bush and the limb of a eucalyptus tree . then the headlight turn - a street sign be suddenly brightly light . the word on the sign read ... " mulholland drive . " the car move under the sign as it turn and the word fall once again into darkness . CUT to : ext . night - mulholland drive gliding we follow the car - a older black cadillac limousine - as it wind its way up mulholland drive through the darkness of the Hollywood Hills . there be no one else on the road . as we drift closer to the car ... CUT to : int . black cadillac limousine - night two man in dark suit be sit in the front seat . a beautiful , young , dark - haire woman sit in back . she sit close up against the door and stare out into the darkness . she seem to be think about something . suddenly she turn and look ahead . the car be slow and move off to the side of the road . dark -haired woman what be you do ? you do not stop here ... the car stop - half on , half off the road at a dark , blind curve . both man turn to the woman . driver get out of the car . CUT to : ext . further up mulholland drive - night two car - a convertible and a late model sedan be drag racing toward the blind curve block the view of the cadillac limousine . the car be fill with craze teenager . two girl be stand up through the sunroof of the sedan scream as they hair be whipped straight back . the car be travel so fast that they seem to almost float as they fly with psychotic speed down both lane of mulholland drive . CUT to : int . ext . - cadillac limousine the driver , still in he seat , have a pistol with a silencer attach point at the woman . the other man be get out of the car . the woman be clutching the seat and the door handle as if try to anchor herself . she be visibly afraid . the man who get out of the car try the woman 's door , but it be lock . he smile as he reach in through the front door and unlock she door . he open she door . as he reach for she , the woman 's face become flood with light . her eye dart to the front windshield . the driver , flood with light , turn just as the late model sedan slam into the cadillac limousine . there be a explosion of metal and glass amidst thunderous tear sound as the two car become one in death . the convertible scream past with hardly a notice . the driver of the limousine die instantly as he body be jettison through the windshield . the other man be tear as the car screech over he . the woman be brutally throw into the back of the front seat as a cloud of dust and fly rock engulf she . the disastrous move sculpture of the two car want to climb up the hill , then stop and slide back toward the road the cadillac tip onto its side . then all be silent . a fire erupt in the sedan and as the dust clear we see the woman appear , then crawl out of the cadillac to the road . her face be vacant . there be a bleed cut just above she forehead . she stand for a moment clutching she purse - lose , then begin to walk as if in a trance across mulholland down through the bush and into darkness . dissolve to : ext . hollywood hill - later - night the woman slide down a hill through tangles of hostile desert plant . siren can be hear in the distance . she cross through some tree and be suddenly confront by a coyote which snarl and leap at she . she scream and strike out with she purse in self defense . the coyote back away - snarling . the woman then lose control and run at the coyote and it race off . she fall to the ground . we can hear the thunder of she heartbeat as the siren grow louder . she get up and stumble through the tree . when she clear they she be stand overlook all of Los Angeles glow down below . she clumsily start down toward it . dissolve to : hollywood street - later - night the woman slide down a dusty hill and find herself at Franklin Avenue . a car race by and its headlight flare on she face . her expression show fear and panic . she do not know where she be or where to go . she run frantically across the street . she move quickly to a sidewalk which take she into a residential area . dissolve to : ext . hollywood street - later - night the woman cross sunset boulevard . come up sunset in the distance be a police car with its siren and light go . she hurry into the darkness of another residential area . a car turn onto the street and come toward she . she instinctively move behind a tree until it pass . dissolve to : ext . hollywood street - later - night as if be hunt in a foreign land the woman move desperately down another residential street . a drunken couple round the corner up ahead and start up the sidewalk toward she . she run off the sidewalk and into the bush in front of a apartment building . the couple pass by without notice she . feeling safe in this bush she exhaustion overtake she and she lay she head down to sleep . dissolve to : ext . mulholland drive - night Police , paramedics surround the wreckage . two detective , harry mcknight and neal domgaard ( both mid 40' to 50 ) , stare at the remain of the two car glow white hot under the crime scene light . a coroner 's van pull out just after a ambulance . the ambulance 's siren begin to wail as it speed off . the coroner 's van cruise slowly . detective Harry mcknight and detective Neal domgaard continue stare . they do not look at each other . they be each motionless for a long moment . detective harry mcknight you feel it ? detective neal domgaard yeah . they continue to stare . detective neal domgaard sammy think the caddy have stop along the shoulder ... man up the road say he see two car drag racin ' ... then you get that blind corner . detective harry mcknight two man ... two gun in the caddy . detective neal domgaard the boy find this on the floor in back of the caddy . Neal hold up a plastic bag hold a pearl earring . detective harry mcknight yeah , they show I detective neal domgaard could be unrelated . detective harry mcknight could be ... any of that dead kid wearin ' pearl earring ? detective neal domgaard no. could be someone 's missin ' maybe . detective harry mcknight that 's what I be thinkin' . detective Harry mcknight turn and cross mulholland . his eye move over each blade of grass at the shoulder - each desert bush just beyond . he slowly raise he gaze to the shine light of Hollywood lay far below like a galaxy . he look out and wonder . CUT to : ext . hollywood street - early dawn the clang of a metal gate wake the woman . it be just get light and she see a older red-headed woman carry a suitcase to the curb where a cab stand wait with its trunk open . the cab driver appear with two suitcase which he set down next to the car . the red-headed woman and the cab driver both go back through the iron gate . the woman in the bush pull herself to the gate where she can peer into the courtyard of this apartment building . she see the red - head woman and the cab driver go into a apartment and come back out with more luggage . they leave the apartment door open . when the red-headed woman and the cab driver reach the cab they both begin load the bag into the trunk and backseat . they back be to the woman in the bush who take this opportunity to go quickly into the courtyard and through the open apartment door . CUT to : int . apartment - early dawn the woman come into a live room where a single trunk remain . she go further into the apartment and crouch down in a back corner of the kitchen . she listen as footstep come across the courtyard . she hear the red-headed woman and the cab driver get the trunk . she hear they set it down once they have it in the courtyard . she hear the step of the red-headed woman come back inside the apartment . she hear the footstep go all around the apartment and then she hear the footstep come toward the kitchen . remain freeze , the dark - haire woman 's eye look up as the red - head woman walk right past she , grab a set of key off the kitchen counter , then leave the apartment . the woman can hear the door be lock . she let go , slide to the kitchen floor , and pass out . CUT to : int . denny' restaurant , hollywood - morning two well - dress man herb and dan ( mid 30' ) be sit at a table drink coffee . herb have finish eat he breakfast , but Dan have not touch he bacon and egg - he appear too nervous to eat . a blonde waitress with a nameplate say " diane " lay the check on they table smile , then walk off . herb why do you want to go to breakfast if you be not hungry ? dan I just want to come here . herb to denny 's ? I be not go to say anything , but why denny 's ? dan this denny 's . herb okay . why this denny 's ? dan it 's kind of embarrassing but , herb go ahead . dan I have a dream about this place . herb oh boy . dan you see what I mean ... herb okay , so you have a dream about this place . tell I . dan well ... it 's the second one I have have , but they be both the same ...... they start out that I be in here but it 's not day or night . it 's kinda half night , but it look just like this except for the light , but I be scared like I can not tell ya . of all people you be stand right over there by that counter . you be in both dream and you be scared . I get even more frighten when I see how afraid you be and then I realize what it be - there 's a man ... in back of this place . he 's the one ... he 's the one that 's do it . I can see he through the wall . I can see he face and I hope I never see that face ever outside a dream . herb stare at Dan to see if he will continue . Dan look around nervously , then stare at he uneaten food . dan ( cont would ) that 's it . herb so , you come to see if he 's out there ? dan to get rid of this god - awful feel . herb right then . herb get up , pick up the bill and go to the cashier to pay . Dan just sit . as herb be pay the bill he look over at Dan just as Dan be turn to look at he . from Dan 's point of view herb be stand in exactly the same spot as he stand in the dream . herb get a strange feel , turn back and finish up with the cashier . he motion for Dan to follow he . Dan rise reluctantly and he and herb make they way outside . CUT to : ext . denny be now herb wait for Dan to lead the way . dan around here . Dan take herb across the front of denny 's to a narrow sidewalk that lead down the side toward the back . they begin walk down the narrow sidewalk - past a payphone . Dan begin to sweat the nearer he get to the rear corner of the building . Red brick glide by slowly . closer on dan bead of sweat cover he face . he find it difficult to breathe . herb be just behind he unable to see the fear overtake he friend , but herb can feel something himself . the red brick move by now be come to a end - the corner be come closer - the corner be now very close . suddenly a man - a face ... a face dark and bum-like - move quickly out from behind the corner and stop - freeze - stare into Dan 's eye . Dan lurch back . all he breath be suddenly go . he fall back into herb who try to catch he as he 's fall . Dan hit the ground unable to breathe - he eye wide with horror . herb look up - the man be go . he look down to Dan . herb Dan ! ... Dan ! you all right ? ... Dan ! he kneel down and study he friend . he feel for a pulse in the neck . he listen for breathe . his friend be dead . herb ( cont would ) my God ! dissolve to : ext . lax airport - day the airport sit in blind sunlight and veile with smog . a big jet land . CUT to : int . lax airport a blonde girl walk with a old woman approach we . as the blonde 's face fill the screen we move with she and stay with she as she go . her face be bright and she eye move here and there take in everything . she can hardly believe she 's in Los Angeles - the City of dream . she and the old woman pass under a sign which read " welcome to los angele . " the girl smile and look around excited by every detail . CUT to : ext . lax airport the girl and the old lady exit the terminal with they bag . a older gentleman have join the old lady . they stop at the taxicab stand . the old lady take the blonde girl 's hand . old lady it 's time to say goodbye , Betty . it 's be so nice travel with you . betty thank you , irene . I be so excited and nervous . it be sure great to have you to talk to . irene now , remember I will be watch for you on the big screen . betty ( smile ) okay irene . wo not that be the day . irene the best of luck to you , Betty . take care of yourself and be careful . betty okay I will . thanks again . Betty and irene give each other a hug . the old gentleman nod to Betty and take irene off . Betty smile after they . suddenly someone be grab she bag . she turn abruptly to find she be next in line and she cab be wait . she turn once more and wave at irene as she bag be load into the trunk of the cab . cab driver where to ? betty ( smile excitedly ) 1612 havenhurst . cab driver get it ! they get into the cab and close they door . the cab pull away . CUT to : ext . street - los angele - day Betty go from the right side of the cab to the leave side of the cab look at every building , tree and sign . each street sign seem to be magical to she and she say the name to herself as they pass by . she see La tijera , La cienega , Venice boulevard , pico boulevard , Olympic boulevard , wilshire boulevard , etc. , etc. until they reach Fountain and turn right . Betty 's heart be pound when she see havenhurst and the cab turn leave . in the middle of the block on the right the cab pull over and stop . Betty see she new home ... a ancient , gorgeous courtyard apartment building , build during the golden age of cinema . CUT to : ext . 1612 havenhurst the cab driver put Betty 's bag down on the sidewalk next to she . she can barely stop look at the building long enough to pay the cab driver who then go off and drive away . Betty pick up she bag and enter , as if in a dream , through a ornate iron gate to a courtyard with a beautiful work fountain at its center . a sign on a door to she right read manager and she ring the bell . a older , once very beautiful , woman wear heavy make - up and smoking a cigarette in a silver holder open the door . a unbelievable raspy voice come out through the dark screen of the still close screen door . manager hi there ... ten buck say you be Betty . betty I be , Mrs. lanois . it be Mrs. lanois be not it ? mrs . lanois in all my live glory , baby . betty please to meet you . mrs . lanois you can call I Coco ... everybody do . stay there , I will get the key . betty okay , Coco . Coco return with the key and open the screen door inhale a huge drag off she cigarette . she start off into the courtyard and Betty pick up she bag and follow . as Coco speak smoke come out of she with every word . coco I guess it be you grandfather , be it ... he call I to check in , say you be on you way and for you to call when you get in . Nice man ... farmer I hear . betty yes , he be . he raise corn . coco damn lot of corn raise in Hollywood this day too . betty well , I ... coco you do not have to tell I . it 's write all over that pretty face of yours .. you come here to be a actress . I just hope you will remember there 's never be a great poem call " tit and ass . " betty I ... coco you probably do not remember she , but Louise bonner life right over there in number 29 . when she be not drunk she run a damn good act class . betty have many famous actor and actress live here ? I be meaning to ask you that . coco honey , all the great one come through here at one time or another . a haunt music begin to swell . coco ( cont would ) people say in the springtime when the wind blow the smell of the jasmine you can still feel the presence of everyone of they . betty I guess I have come to quite a place . coco sweetheart , you do not know the half of it . the music fade . Coco look down suddenly . on the cobblestone courtyard in front of she she see a fresh product of waste from a dog . she angrily turn up to a apartment on the second level . coco ( cont would ) ( yell up ) wilkin ! ... ( no answer ) ... that dog crap once more out here and i'll bake he butt for breakfast !! Coco turn back to Betty . coco ( cont would ) you do not have pet do you ? betty no , I do not . coco that 's good . they be allow , but I do not like them ... for obvious reason . one man use to live here that have a prize fight kangaroo . you would not believe what that kangaroo do to this courtyard ... let 's see you aunt 's apartment ... it 's a good one . betty I can hardly wait , Coco . CUT to : int . apartment - bedroom the dirty and tear black cocktail dress of the dark - haire woman along with she shoe , purse and undergarment be in a pile in the bedroom . we drift off they toward the bathroom where the dark - haire woman can be see shower through ripple glass . there 's the sound of a door open . we see a movement through the glass and the shower go off instantly . we can hear the dark - haire woman 's frighten breathe as she wait freeze listen . CUT to : int . apartment live room Betty enter , thrilled with what she see . the apartment be fill with movie memorabilia , deco furniture , oriental rug , brass floor lamp and a massive tile fireplace . she set she bag down and stare . betty it 's unbelievable ! coco I tell ya . betty wow ! coco now I guess you and you aunt have a understanding . so here 's the key and you need anything , just give a holler . ( Coco hand Betty the key ) everybody in this building 's pretty much okay with I or they would not be here . if you want , later I will introduce you around . no hard feeling if you do not , and do not forget the rooftop garden . it 's just up the stair we pass . it 's open to all the tenant . you can see the Hollywood sign from there . betty oh Coco thank you . thank you so much . coco you get it ! see you later honey . Coco leave and close the door behind she . Betty begin to explore the apartment .- after walk a circle in the live room she pass through the kitchen . she move down a hallway look at painting and poster . she go into the bedroom . she smile when she see the bed which have a huge ornately carve head and foot board . she notice the soile dress on the floor and she frown as she look closer . she stand back up , shrug and go into the bathroom which have all the original thirty fixture damndest floor to ceiling tile . as she go toward the sink she smile to herself in the mirror above it . suddenly something catch she eye and she open the shower stall . there before she be the naked , beautiful dark - haire woman . betty oh my ! she quickly close the shower door . betty ( cont would ) I be sorry . my aunt ... Ruth do not tell I someone be go to be here . I be so sorry . dark -haired woman that 's okay . betty I be Ruth 's niece . my name 's Betty . I be sure she tell you I be come . there 's a silence . dark -haired woman there be a accident . I come here . betty I understand . I see the dress . I ... I be sorry . be you all right ? there be another silence . betty ( cont would ) what happen ? dark -haired woman a car ... a car accident . betty be you okay ? dark -haired woman I think so . I be just take a shower . betty oh my god . I be sorry . I will let you get back to that . I be go to get unpack . Betty go to the bathroom door and be close it when she stop and look back in . betty ( cont would ) what 's you name ? we see a close - up of the dark -haire woman . we see she eye widen with a kind of fear . she 's frantically think - search she mind for a answer . betty ( cont would ) I be sorry . I will get out of here and we can talk later . CUT to : int . apartment bedroom Betty be unpack in the bedroom and put she belonging in the closet and the dresser drawer . many of she aunt 's thing be still there . CUT to : int . apartment bathroom the dark - haire woman be look at herself in the mirror . she turn and begin look around the bathroom at shampoos , cosmetics , until she eye fall on a poster of " gilda " star rita hayworth . CUT to : int . apartment bedroom the bathroom door open and the dark - haire woman come out wrap in a towel . she 's drying she hair with another . she and Betty stare at one another . dark -haired woman my name be rita . betty hi... do you work with my aunt ? rita no .......... i. betty I ... I mean ...... i... it 's none of my business . rita she have pretty red hair ... she be very kind I think . betty she sure be . she 's let I stay here while she 's work on a movie that 's be make in Canada , but I guess you know that . I could not afford a place like this in a million year . unless of course I be discover and become a movie star . of course , I would rather be know as a great actress than a movie star , but sometimes people end up be both and that be , I guess you would say , sort of why I come here . I be sorry , I be just so excited to be here .. I mean I just come here from Iowa and now I be in this dream place . you can imagine how I feel . rita I think I have be hurt . betty oh ... Betty go to rita . betty ( cont would ) sit down ... Betty sit rita on the bed . she lean down and look at she head and face . betty ( cont would ) where be you hurt ? rita motion to she head above she forehead . Betty look through she hair and find she wound which have stop bleed but be surround by a very large blue black bruise . betty ( cont would ) we should get a doctor . rita no . betty but , this could be serious . rita no ... I need to sleep . betty if you have a concussion you should not sleep . rita it will be okay if I sleep . I need to lie down and sleep . betty all right , but ... I be go to check on you . rita lie down and be instantly asleep . Betty lean over she and listen to she breathe . she get a blanket and drape it over the beautiful sleep rita , then leave the room . CUT to : ext . - downtown los angele - low rent office build - day the street level of the office building be filthy and house store sell rack of cheap toy . up above we see office window and a big sign say " Office Space for Rent " along with a telephone number to call . we drift in toward one of the window on the sixth floor . CUT to : int . office on sixth floor two man be in the room , joe and ed . Joe lean up against a rack of filing cabinet . he be in he late twenty . he look like a run down , heavy metal rocker - wear a blue denim shirt open , T-shirt underneath , black denim jeans and motorcycle boot . his black belt have silver stud . he 's smoking a cigarette and be laugh at something the man at the desk have say . his laugh be easy and he grin be infectious . the man at the desk , Ed , wear a clean , crisp black suit , like a business man 's but unlike a business man he blonde hair be long enough to go over he shoulder . joe so man , that 's unheard of ... a accident like that ... who coulda foreseen that . ed unreal ... so , you be look good . whatcha doin ' this day ? joe well , not much ed. just doin ' some stuff for this guy . ed make end meet , huh . joe hardly . ed yeah , look at my dig ... time be tough . joe oh , thing be not so bad . gee , I hope you be not goin ' to get in any trouble . ed it be just a thing . the story make you laugh . joe yeah , that 's a funny story . look like he 's rub the small of he back Joe move over to Ed at he desk . Joe look down to the surface of the desk - to a small wear black book . joe ( cont would ) so , there it be ... Ed 's famous black book . ed yeah , the history of the world in phone number . Joe 's hand still at the small of he back move into view hold a silence pistol and in one swift move reach out and fire a hole through Ed 's temple - blow Ed 's brain out across the desk , carpet and wall . Ed 's head bang down on the desk , then be still save the leak of blood from the wound . Joe flip he finish cigarette out the open window behind Ed 's desk , wipe the gun clean with a handkerchief and place the clean gun in Ed 's right hand . he place Ed 's right forefinger gently onto the trigger . as he put the finger on the trigger he press a little too hard and the gun go off . the bullet shoot out and penetrate the cheap wall at the far end of Ed 's office . Joe hear a muffle scream . joe ( cont would ) ( disgust with himself ) oh ...man ! with a sense of " just more stuff I get to do " Joe move slowly and begrudgingly out of Ed 's office , check the corridor and go toward the scream which still persist . he open up the office door next to Ed 's and find a heavy set woman scream bloody murder as she be grab she buttock and lower back . he sigh and walk over to she and cup he hand tightly around she mouth to squelch the scream . Wide -ey , she try to fight he off and he begin drag she out of she office . Joe 's foot catch on a computer cable clumsily tape across the floor and he fall backwards bring the heavy woman down with a bone-crush blow on top of he . the woman begin beat he face with she meaty fist . Joe snap she head back , instantly stilling she violent activity . he wrestle the stunne heavyweight back to she foot and out she door . he push and pull she into Ed 's office . just before they enter , Joe notice a man with a vacuum cleaner watch he from the far end of the corridor . he stop and call to the man . joe ( cont would ) hey man . she 's hurt bad . get down here and use the phone . help I out . you gotta call the hospital . the man hesitates ... not sure if this jive with what he 's see . joe ( cont would ) I mean it ! get down here quick ! she 's hurt and I can not do everything myself , man . Joe push the woman inside Ed 's office , throw a glance back down the corridor and see the man be on he way to he , push he industrial vacuum and trail a 200 ft . long thick black cord as he go . Joe go in to Ed 's office with the woman . he throw she down on the floor in line between Ed 's desk and the bullet hole in the wall . she start scream immediately and struggle to get up . Joe grab the pistol from Ed 's dead hand and lift it to fire , but the woman have turn around and be almost stand . joe ( cont would ) no , no , no . you gotta be turn around . he go to she , slap she hard in the face and spin she around . before she can turn again Joe race back to place himself in the proper line at Ed 's desk and quickly fire two silence shot into the back of she head . the man with the vacuum enter . his eye begin to widen in reaction to the scene . just then Joe fire a bullet into the man 's chest . the man inadvertently flick on the vacuum cleaner as he hand rush up to the wound . as the vacuum cleaner whine Joe rush to the man before the man fall back out into the corridor . he pull he into the room - the man moan and clutching he chest , start to collapse . Joe release he and the man go down . the vacuum cleaner seem to be screeching now in the threshold . Joe fire the last bullet into the heavy duty vacuum cleaner . the bullet short out the internal wiring of the vacuum . that in turn blow the building 's circuit breaker and all the light go out . joe ( cont would ) ( disgust with himself ) oh ... man ! now he hear voice - voice move into the corridor . voice what the hell .... what happen ? what 's this cord do here ? it 's the vacuum . it 's the vacuum what do it . Joe clean the pistol once again and place it back in Eddie 's hand - Eddie 's finger on the trigger . Joe pick up the black book - turn and make he escape by go out the office window and quickly descend the rusty fire escape . CUT to : int . conference room - century CITY build - day we see three man sit at a conference table raymond ( ray ) hott - president of production , wear a crisp blue suit , vincent darby - senior vice - president , wear a crisp green suit and ROBERT smith - talent manager , wear a crisp brown suit . Ray and Mr. darby sit at the head of the table and Robert Smith sit along the side . a young man - adam kesher enter and sit down , with a arrogant nonchalance , next to Robert Smith . Adam be dress in a frumpy old fashioned plaid shirt , wear jacket , dark blue cotton slack , and a pair of old brown wing tip . as he sit he be hold and twirling a vintage " 7 - iron " golf club . adam so what 's the problem ? ray there be no problem . adam so why do you idiot bring I here ? ... I be in the middle of make a picture . silence for a moment . a man enter through a rear door and whisper something to Mr. darby and show he something on a piece of paper . Mr. darby study the piece of paper . mr. darby ( to man who enter ) what be it last time ? the man who enter point to something on the paper . mr. darby ( cont would ) okay , let 's try the next one . the man nod and leave . ray he be not gonna like it . mr. darby we will see . adam hello ... who be we talkin ' about here ? Robert Smith shuffles nervously in he chair next to Adam . ROBERT smith you see Adam ... there be some suggestion which be to be bring forward ... and I know you say you would entertain suggestion and that 's all anybody here be ask you to do . adam what be you talk about ? ROBERT smith a open mind ... you be in the process of re-cast you lead actress and I be ... ( look around ) we be ask you to keep a open mind . CUT to : ext . century CITY - day before we be a huge modern office building of glass and steel . two man in dark suit have exite a large limousine and be walk up into the building . we drift up the facade , higher and higher move in toward the top of the building . dissolve to : int . office build - day the man exit a elevator and move through a lobby where a plaque beneath a enormous bronze sculpture read " Ryan entertainment " . gliding we travel behind the two man down a wide , carpete hallway with blonde wood and glass on each side . they enter through two large blonde wooden door to the conference room . CUT to : int . conference room - day the man in dark suit go in as if they own the place . Ray , Mr. darby and Robert Smith stand immediately . Adam remain seat . Mr. darby be the only one near enough to attempt a hand shake , but when he offer he hand it be not take . the man in dark suit sit down without waste a movement and without acknowledge anyone . one of the man in a dark suit open a briefcase . Ray have be try to make introduction . ray ah ... the castigliane brother . let I introduce you around ... please ... sit down . ( after they have already seat themselves ) ... this be Mr. darby whom you know and this be the director Adam kesher and he manager Robert Smith the castigliane brother do not acknowledge any of this , however , during the introduction the one with the briefcase remove a photo of a girl and set it in front of Ray . ray ( cont would ) ah ... she 's very pretty . we see the photo of the girl - of a nice look blonde - someone we have never see before . Adam look like he do not know what 's go on and he 's get upset about not know . his manager , Robert Smith , be beginning to see the making of a confrontation - he 's start to panic . mr. darby ( refer to castigliane brother ) May I offer you gentleman anything ? luigi castigliane espresso . vincenzo castigliane nothing . adam uh what 's the photo for ? mr. darby ( pick up phone and speak ) one espresso ... no , that 's it . ( set phone down - address castigliane brother ) I think you be go to enjoy you espresso this time ... I have be do quite a bit of research know how hard you be to please ... this one come highly recommend . adam what 's the photo for ? ray ( to Adam ) a recommendation ... a recommendation to you Adam . vincenzo castigliane not a recommendation . luigi castigliane this be the girl . adam what girl ? for what ? what be this Ray ? Ray , still stand with a force smile , turn to the castigliane brother . ray we would be happy to put she in the pile for consideration ... you would be pleased to know there 's quite a lot of interest in this role . adam interest ?! there 's six of the top actress that want this thing . luigi castigliane this be the girl . adam Ray ... you better take care of this . ROBERT smith hold on ... hold on , Adam . adam hold on !!!!!!!! there 's no way , there 's no way !!! luigi castigliane 's espresso be bring in by the man who have be in earlier . the man set the espresso down in front of luigi and take a step back . the room become silent - watch the espresso man and luigi . without look up luigi speak softly . luigi castigliane napkin . espresso man ( lead forward to hear ) pardon ? luigi castigliane napkin . espresso man of course . Excuse I . the espresso man leave the room . luigi look at the espresso . vincenzo stare at Adam . Adam be do he best to stare down vincenzo . the espresso man return with a cloth napkin and lay it down next to the espresso . espresso man ( cont would ) will that be all , Sir ? luigi do not answer and after a moment of stand very still wait , the espresso man turn and leave the room . Adam be stare down by vincenzo and avert he eye to the espresso cup . he look around at Ray and Mr. darby - see they stare at the espresso cup . vincenzo keep stare at Adam . luigi pick up the napkin and hold it in he leave hand . with he right hand he lift the espresso cup and place it above the napkin . he bring the cup and napkin to he mouth . he take a sip of espresso . a small fleeting expression form on luigi 's impassive face as if for one millisecond he be go to vomit . his mouth open and he allow the espresso to fall and dribble onto the napkin . he push any remain espresso in he mouth out with he tongue . he hold it in that position for a moment . luigi castigliane be shit ! luigi castigliane stand up . ray I be sorry . that be a highly recommend ... mr. darby that 's consider one of the finest espressos in the world , Sir . luigi just stand there . a small thread on he leave suit jacket pocket catch he attention and he smooth it back into the fabric . vincenzo close he briefcase , take out a hankerchief and clean he nose - then stand , place the handkerchief back in he pocket . adam wait a minute !! what 's go on here ? vincenzo just stare toward Adam as if he 's not even there . adam there 's no way that girl be in my movie ! silence . luigi castigliane that be the girl . the castigliane brother begin to leave . Adam stand up tremble with anger . adam hey !!!!! that girl be not in my film !!! vincenzo castigliane it be no longer you film . Adam turn white and stand very still as this sink in . the castigliane brother leave . as the big blonde wood door close behind they Adam start to boil . adam ( scream ) you would better fix this , Ray !!! ray I will speak to someone . adam ( turn to he manager ) and you would better speak to someone too ... or find yourself another client !! this smell like a set - up to I ! ( back to Ray ) and by the way , Ray , I do not know who this guy be kid , but every foot of film I have shot be in a vault at the lab that only I can access . no one 's get that film !! ROBERT smith this be a catastrophe ... ( turn toward Ray ) you tell I they might insist on a girl , that 's all . adam why do not you tell I , Robert ? that 's what I mean ... you set I up ! I woulda never come here . ( stand ) I be leave . I be a director you do not want to lose ... you guy better fix this !! Adam storm out of the room . ray ( stand ) well ... I do not know that be go to happen . CUT to : exterior - office build - century CITY - day Adam exit the building carry he 7 - iron . a attendant take he valet parking ticket . while Adam , still fume , wait for he car he notice the big limo stand off to one side . he stare at the car and the huge limo driver lean up against the front driver 's side door . Adam 's car arrive - a late model porsche . before Adam get into he car he address the attendant . adam do the castigliane brother get out of that limo ? attendant they two guy in dark suit ? Adam nod and walk over to the limo . the limo driver eye he and he 7 - iron suspiciously . adam castigliane brother ? limo driver beat it ! adam o.k. Adam raise he 7 - iron and smashes out the limo 's windshield . he whacks two big dent in the hood , then smashes out a headlight . the limo driver start towards he . Adam laugh , run to he car and take off . CUT to : int . aunt ruth's apartment - later day Betty be stretch out on the big leather couch in the live room . a half eat sandwich and chip be on a plate on the coffee table next to she . she be talk on the phone . betty no grandpa , you would not believe it . it 's more beautiful than I ever dream ... no she leave I a lot of food . the refrigerator 's full ... aunt ruthie say she would call I when she get settle ... it be real smooth . I sit next to a lady who give up she first class seat to a boy with a break leg . she be so nice to I . she invite I to she house sometime . it 's in bel Air which be a place where people have a lot of money ... I will . everybody 's tell I to be careful , but I sure love it here grandpa . thank you for help I get here ... yeah , it 's long distance . I love you . say hello to gram . give she a big kiss for I . okay , I love you grandpa ... bye . Betty hang up the phone , take a big bite of she sandwich and lay flat out on the couch , chew and smile up at the ceiling . she suddenly remember rita and she promise to look in on she . she get off the couch and go into the bedroom . CUT to : int . bedroom - day rita be still asleep when she enter . she lean down and find rita breathe normally . she feel she forehead . satisfied that all be well , Betty quietly leave the bedroom . CUT to : int . - ext . apartment - day Betty rinse she dish in the kitchen sink and pour herself a cup of coffee . she take the coffee outside to the courtyard - to a white metal table just outside she doorway . she sit down and stretch in the warm afternoon sun . across the way she can hear a blue saxophonist practice in one of the apartment . she drink she coffee and listen to the music . some bird fly by overhead . she take another sip of coffee . the blue music which be mellow and slow be now building in tempo and volume . the phone inside ring . Betty take she coffee back into the live room , shutting the door behind she . she cross to the leather couch and pick up the phone . betty ( cont would ) hello ... aunt Ruth !! I can not tell you how happy I be . you place be so fantastic ! yes ... Coco ... what a character . I really like she ... that 's too bad ... wait in a airport must not be too fun . what 's a mosquito plane ? ... oh I get it . how long do that take from montreal ? ... well , you will sleep good tonight ... Hudson Bay sound beautiful ... oh well , I hope you pack you coat . ( laugh ) . you mean the audition ... wally Brown ... she do not mention it but he will fax the dialogue to Coco ? suddenly I be so nervous ... okay aunt Ruth ... I will try . I will study that line until I know they inside out . yes , either right here on this fabulous leather couch or I will take they with a coffee in the courtyard like a regular movie star . ( laugh ) . oh ! I get a real shock to find you friend rita here . she be in the shower and I open the door ... rita ... what do you mean ? she be in a accident ... you friend rita . no , Coco unlock the door . no , she do not see she . she 's sleep . no ... she 's very nice . I be sure there 's some explanation , aunt Ruth ... I do not think we have to do that . please do not worry . I will take care of it . no , I will let you know . where can I ... okay I will get it from Coco . no , please do not worry ... thank you so much for let I stay here . you have make I so happy ... thank you , thank you . please do not worry ... aunt Ruth we do not need the police . I will call you when you get to Hudson Bay . please ... please ... Goodbye aunt Ruth . Betty slowly and quietly hang up the phone . she sit for a moment listen . silently she stand and move toward the bedroom . as she approach the bedroom door she stop at something she see . rita be sit on the edge of the bed cry quietly . Betty go into the bedroom . rita look up at she with desperation . betty ( cont would ) you be awake ... I think I misunderstand you . I think you know my aunt and that 's why you be here . I just talk to my aunt on the phone and she want I to call the police . rita start cry harder , bow down , cover she face with she hand . betty ( cont would ) rita ? rita ( cry harder ) I be ... sorry . I ... Betty 's heart soften . betty what be it rita ? rita ( still sobbing ) I be ... I be ... oh no ... I think when I wake up ... I think sleep would do it ... Betty kneel down in front of she . betty what 's wrong ? rita ( cry ) I do not know who I be . betty what do you mean ? you be rita . rita ( cry ) I be not . I do not know what my name be . I do not know who I be !! Betty look down at the purse next to rita 's dress . she pick it up and hand it to rita . betty this be you purse . you name must be in you purse . rita take the purse with sudden trepidation . she hesitates . something be worry she . she look at Betty for help . betty ( cont would ) you want to know do not you ? rita I ... yes , but ... I ... betty open it ! rita slowly unzip the purse . the pressure of its content force the mouth of the purse to widen as the zipper open and then there be suddenly reveal what will later be know to be $ 125,000.00 cash in hundred dollar bill . both rita and Betty almost stop breathe . they look at each other , then back to the money . rita take the massive wad of bill out of the purse and set it on the bed . she reach back inside and come up with the only other remain item in the purse ... a blue key . Betty see rita 's expression change to a kind of horror . ( note : this blue key be make of very fine heavy metal and do not look like a door key . ) CUT to : interior - office build - day Ray cross a carpete close area . he mount a flight of stair . at the top of the stair there 's a plain blonde wood door . Ray punch in a code on a security panel next to it . the door open automatically . Ray pass through and go down a narrow hall . at the end of the hall there be a small elevator . again Ray punch in a code . the elevator open and Ray go in . the elevator door close , but the elevator do not move . Ray wait . finally , a woman 's voice come through a speaker . woman' voice who be it please ? ray Raymond Harris ... 20743 . the elevator begin to move up . when it stop , the door open and Ray walk into a windowless reception area where a beautiful italian woman sit behind a large , blonde , modern , build - in desk . receptionist ( very quietly ) you may go right in , Ray . Ray cross to a blonde wood double door and wait . the receptionist push a button behind she desk - chime sound as the double door open to a enormous office with no window . heavy rich brown curtain line the wall . Ray enter and the door close behind he . Ray take a few step forward , then stop . there be a solid glass wall that we now notice run the width of the office . cut into the glass wall be a small speaker microphone apparatus . Beyond the glass off in the center of the room be a man sit in a very plain , blonde , wood , modern , yet not motorize , wheelchair . the man be paralyze except for he right hand and head . his head appear small in relation to the size of he body . his suit be immaculate and one of the finest we have ever see . his manservant stand in the shadow behind he . ray good afternoon Mr. roque. ( pronounce rowk ) . Mr. roque stare at Ray silently . ray ( cont would ) do you want he replace ? Mr. roque continue to stare . ray I know they say ... mr. roque then ? ray then ... I guess it 's so .... alright , but that mean we should ... mr. roque yes ? ray shut everything down ... be that something that ... do you want we to shut everything down ? silence . Ray do not know what to do . he struggle to interpret Mr. roque 's silence . he wait . Mr. roque do nothing but stare . ray ( cont would ) then we will shut everything down . silence . Ray turn . the door open as he approach they and he leave the room . the door close . CUT to : exterior - office build - century CITY vincenzo and luigi be stare silently and without expression at the break windshield of the limousine . the limousine driver suddenly start signal to a car enter the driveway to the building . he turn to the castigliane brother . limo driver the other car be here sir . please allow I . the limo driver open the rear door of the new limo , then hurry around and open the other rear door . the new driver get out of the car . limo driver ( cont would ) here 's the key to the car . take it straight to the garage . they be wait for you . the limo driver close both back door after the castigliane brother be seat within . he then get in himself and maneuver the big limo out into traffic . CUT to : pink' chili dog - day two guy , joe ( the guy who kill Ed in the sixth floor office ) and billy another unkept , rocker type delivery man be stand wait for they chili dog with a girl , laney , who could be very good look but she seem to be in poor health . her hair be long and stringy . she 's wear a tight , short sleeve blue sweater , black jeans and boot . billy yeah , sure . look what happen to they . joe no , no , no , I tell you . they be fine . they be all real happy . billy my next delivery be up that way , so I will be get down to it real soon . joe you be so easy . billy gotta keep a eye on she , that 's all . joe yeah , what for ? billy keep she from gettin ' in trouble , that 's all . the chili dog arrive and they pay for they . billy ( cont would ) can we eat in the van ? joe what 's the matter now ? billy nothing ... I do not like be out in the open like this . joe it must be just so pathetic be you . sure billy , grab you dog we will eat in the van . the three make they way to the van . Joe look over at laney . joe ( cont would ) you sure you do not want anything ? laney ( hesitantly ) not here ... no thanks . joe not a coke or anything ? laney no ... thanks though ... I will take a cigarette if you have one . joe sure , reach in my shirt pocket there . as laney be get she cigarette and lighting it .. joe ( cont would ) any new girl on the street this day ? laney ( take she first big drag ) no . I have not see any . joe a brunette ? ... maybe beat up ? laney no ... joe you will keep you eye open for I will not you baby ? laney sure . Joe spanks she butt as she get in the van . joe you bet you will . CUT to : int . mr. roque' office - day Mr. roque , in he wheelchair be still in the center of the huge softly light , windowless office . his manservant stand silently behind he . the small build - in wheelchair phone ring . Mr. roque push a button on a small intricate remote device he hold in he right hand . a slender streamline microphone rise from the arm of the chair . mr. roque yes ? he listen through a high - tech earplant which we now see . mr. roque ( cont would ) thank you . he push two button , one after another on the remote device . we hear a small click , a dial tone , a number be dial , and a phone ringing . CUT to : int . dark elegant room - somewhere - simultaneous we see the back of a man 's head and just over he shoulder we see the top of the phone which be ringing . the man pick up the phone and bring the receiver to he ear . the man hello . CUT to : int . mr. roque' office - simultaneous mr. roque she 's still miss . we hear a small click and the line go dead . Mr. roque push a button and the microphone descend back into the chair . CUT to : int . dark elegant room - somewhere again we see the back of the man 's head . he 's dial a new number . - he bring the receiver to he ear . we hear a phone ringing - we hear a click - the phone be answer . CUT to : int . filthy low CLASS kitchen - somewhere - simultaneous we see only a black rotary wall phone and a portion of a greasy filthy kitchen - the receiver have already be lift off the phone and we see only the cord extend to someone off screen . hairy - armed man ( off screen ) talk to I ... CUT to : int . dark elegant room - somewhere again we see only the back of the man 's head . the man same . CUT to : int . filthy low CLASS kitchen - somewhere - simultaneous a man 's hairy - arm enter frame and the receiver be place back on the phone , then immediately pick back up and with the receiver hold in the hand the hairy man dial a new number . part way through the dial ... CUT to : int . a blue table - somewhere - simultaneous the surface of this table be high gloss ultra smooth material . a very modern phone sit on this table and begin to ring softly . a hand enter frame - a woman 's hand . the skin be pale white , almost translucent . the finger be long and seem slightly too large . at the end of the finger and thumb be stretch taper high gloss red fingernails which slightly curve downward . the forefinger of the hand press a button on the phone . a small tone sound - follow by a very modern sounding code signal . fade out : int . - aunt ruth's apartment - day we pull back from rita 's face until we see that Betty and rita be sit on the leather couch about four foot apart stare at the floor . they just sit this way for awhile . betty well ... what do you think about then ? I mean ... well what do you think about ? rita what do you mean ? betty well ... if you do not remember anything , I mean what go through you mind then if you do not remember anything ? rita nothing . I do remember the car crash ... I tell you ... I remember the glass ... I think about that sometimes ... I remember walk here , sort of . now I remember this place and you . that 's about it . betty how do you remember how to talk ? rita I do not know . betty you do not remember anything else ? rita no ( she cover she eye with she hand ) there be something ... something there I can not tell ... I can not describe it . ( struggle to figure it out - to express it ) there be thing there .... but I be ... here . Betty think about what rita have say . somehow it seem to make sense to she . betty the money . you do not know where it come from ? rita unh , unh . betty when you think about they ... the money ... the key ... do it make you remember anything ? silence . rita the money ... I do not know about the money ... the key ... it make I feel ... afraid . CUT to : beverly hill CITY street - day a car - a late model generic sedan be move toward we . two man dress in suit and wear dark glass be drive slowly . as they go each man be scan sidewalk , building , pass car as if hunt for someone . they pass by we and as we turn we leave they and pick - up Adam drive in the opposite direction in the other lane . we stay with Adam . Adam drive he porsche up a palm line street . adam Office ... the voice activate phone connect the line to Adam 's office . a secretary answer . secretary Adam kesher 's office . adam it 's I . where 's Cynthia ? secretary she 's on the set . I will connect you Mr. kesher . another ringing sound , then a voice . voice stage one . secretary Paul , I have Mr. kesher for Cynthia . paul right baby , all Hell 's break loose down here . I will try to find she . Adam listen to dead silence for a moment or two then Cynthia speak . cynthia Adam , where be you ? adam what 's go on , Cynthia ? cynthia they have close the set . they send everybody home . adam what do you say ? cynthia they fire everyone . adam who fire everyone ? cynthia ( start to cry ) Ray do ... and then they close the set .... everybody 's go . you would better get down here Adam ! adam no . cynthia you have get to talk to Ray you have get to fix this . adam I be go home . cynthia Home ! meet I at the office . we have get to do something ... you have get to do something Adam ! adam I be go home Cynthia . cynthia Adam , this be not like you . please come to the office . there must be something we can do . adam I be go home . I will call you later . CUT to : ext . - 1612 havenhurst - day establish CUT to : int . aunt ruth's apartment - day the girl be still sit on the leather couch as before , but now silently off in they own world . after a moment ... betty I wonder where you be go . Betty 's question hang in the air . slowly we move close to rita who be on the verge of remember something . suddenly - rita mulholland drive . betty mulholland drive ? rita that 's where I be go ... mulholland drive . betty maybe that 's where the accident be . there must be a police report . we could call . rita no .... I do not ... betty we could call anonymously from a pay phone ... just to see if there be a accident . rita sit worry . betty ( cont would ) come on . it will be just like in the movie . we will pretend to be someone else . I want to walk around anyway . I be in Hollywood and I have not even see any of it . come on rita . do you feel up to it ? rita okay ... but just ... just to see . betty just to see if there be a accident on mulholland drive . rita ( tentatively ) okay . betty come on ... let 's find you something to wear . CUT to : aunt ruth's bedroom - day Betty laugh as she hold one of Ruth 's dress in front of rita . betty it 's terrible ... my aunt dress like miss marple . ( off a blank stare from rita ) she 's kind of a frumpy woman detective in british movie . rita laugh along with Betty . Betty go back in the closet . betty ( cont would ) here 's something okay . she bring out a pair of khaki pants . betty ( cont would ) try this on . you can wear one of my T - shirt with it and it will not look bad with that sandal . CUT to : ext . adam' house - bel AIR Adam pull into he driveway , but be block from enter the garage by a poolman 's truck . he get out of the car and look at the truck - see the insignia on the door which be a blue square with the word " gene " above and the word " clean " below . Adam hear step behind he and turn . a japanese gardener be come toward he smile and bow . japanese gardener ah , mister ... you remember I . I be taka . you gardener . for long time I not see you . I pleased to see you . taka reach out he hand and Adam shake it . adam hello taka . it 's ' cause I be never home in the day time . it 's good to see you again . the garden look great . taka bow , smile and nodd , and go back to work . Adam head toward the front door of he house . CUT to : int . - adam' house - day Adam enter , put he 7 - iron in he golf bag just inside the door , then look around . he can see the pool through a wall of plate glass window , but there be no one visible poolside . adam ( call out ) lorraine ... ( then louder ) lorraine ... you home ? he hear a noise , something fall . he walk in the direction of the noise . it lead he to he bedroom . his expression darken as he approach the close door . he hear voice as he throw the door open . lorraine and the poolman gene be in bed . lorraine now , you have do it ! gene just forget you ever see it . it 's better that way . lorraine what the hell be you even do here ? Adam stand stunne for a moment . then find himself walk over to the dresser and open the top drawer . he remove a large case . lorraine ( cont would ) what be you do ? Adam start walk out of the bedroom with the case . lorraine ( cont would ) that's my jewelry !!! Adam leave the bedroom and start through the house . he go into the kitchen and look around - numb but try to think . CUT to : int . adam and lorraine's bedroom - day lorraine be get dress as fast as she can . lorraine that bastard ! gene he 's probably upset lorraine . CUT to : int . adam' kitchen - day Adam leave the kitchen and go out into the garage . he turn on the light and look around . he spot some paint can on a shelf and grab one and go back into the kitchen . he can hear lorraine call he name . she seem to be come closer . he set the jewelry case and the paint can on the floor , kneel down and open the paint can with he car key . just as lorraine enter the kitchen , he open the jewelry box and empty the 3 / 4 full gallon can of hot pink paint into she jewelry case . lorraine what .. be ... you ... do !!!??? he put he hand into the paint and jewel and smushes they about . lorraine rush toward he . lorraine ( cont would ) stop it !!! lorraine grab hold of he . start pull he hair , slapping he face . she tear he jacket . Adam stand all at once and with he wet hot pink hand he push lorraine and slam she into the kitchen counter just as gene the poolman enter . gene grab ahold of Adam , cock back and slam he huge suntan fist into Adam 's face . gene that 's not a way to treat you wife , buddy . I do not care what she 's do . Adam get up off the floor bleed from the nose and try to hit gene . gene block he punch and slam Adam again , knock he down to the kitchen floor where he land and spill the jewelry case . Adam , now cover with paint , be pick up by gene and throw out toward the front door . lorraine throw he out ! lorraine open the front door while gene pick Adam up , move he across the carpet and heave he out onto the front lawn . lorraine slam the door behind he . Adam pick himself up , severely daze and bleed pretty badly , he head for he car . taka stop gardening and smile and bow at Adam as he get into he car . Adam drive away - pink paint and red blood all over . CUT to : int . aunt ruth's bedroom - day rita be now dress to go out and be study herself in a mirror . she turn and she gaze fall to she purse . she pick it up and look questioningly at Betty . betty ( cont would ) no ... you should not take that . let 's hide it . they look around the room ... there 's a hatbox in the closet above the clothes rack . Betty bring it down , take out the hat , and rita put the purse inside . Betty put the hat over the purse in the hatbox and put in back in the closet . Betty put out she hand . rita look at it for a moment , smile , and they shake . CUT to : ext . apartment courtyard - day all dress now Betty and rita leave aunt Ruth 's apartment and walk across the courtyard past Coco 's apartment and out through the iron gate . no one be about . CUT to : ext . hollywood residential STREET - day Betty and rita walk along . bird be chirp in the tree which line both side of the street . Betty be smile and once again look around at everything . her good mood and excitement about life lift rita 's spirit . come toward they on the sidewalk be two people - a middle - age woman and a young boy around 10 year old . the boy be very thin and something be wrong with he as he be walk awkwardly on crutch . as the two group pass each other on the sidewalk Betty be strike deeply by the boy 's brilliant , luminous blue eye which be at once innocent and fill with wisdom . after they pass each other Betty turn back and see the boy and the woman enter 1612 havenhurst . Betty and rita continue up the street . CUT to : ext . sunset boulevard - day the girl walk along the busy boulevard , past guitar shop , video store . Betty be look for a payphone . rita 's eye dart back and forth nervously . she 's beginning to feel frighten . CUT to : payphone on red brick wall - day we see the red brick building . it be denny 's . Betty and rita be walk to the payphone . Betty dig out some change from she purse . she pick up the receiver , drop in a quarter and dial the " 0 " for Operator . a Operator answer . betty Hollywood Police Department please . operator be this a emergency ? betty no , no , I just want the number . operator hold for the number . Betty get the number for the Hollywood Police Station , be - deposit the quarter and dial . voice Hollywood Police Department betty I be inquire about a accident that happen last night on mulholland drive . voice hold please . I will connect you to traffic . Betty hold . sergeant baxter traffic . sergeant baxter speak . betty hi. I be inquire ... well , I hear a sound last night that sound like a car crash and I want to know if there be a accident on mulholland drive . sergeant baxter yes , there be . betty can you tell I what happen ? sergeant baxter no . I can not . betty be anyone hurt ? sergeant baxter May I have you name please ? Betty hang up . she turn to rita smile like a girl who 's do something bad and get away with it . betty there be a accident . he would not tell I anything else , but that be you accident rita . I just know it be . maybe there 's something about it in the papers . come on I will buy you a cup of coffee and we can see . Betty and rita enter denny 's . CUT to : int .- denny be - day rita and Betty be seat next to the table where Dan and herb sit earlier in the day . they both have a cup of coffee in front of they . Betty have a newspaper open and she be scan the last page . betty ( cont would ) maybe it happen so late it 's not go to be in today 's paper . rita there 's nothing ? betty not that I can see . the same waitress - Diane , come up to the girl 's table and freshen up they coffee . Betty look up and smile , see Diane 's nameplate . betty ( cont would ) thank you ... Diane . rita shoot a look from Betty to Diane to the nameplate . CUT to : close - up nameplate the word " diane " be huge from rita 's Pov . CUT to : back to scene Diane finish pour rita 's cup and smile at Betty . diane you be welcome . will that be all ? you want you check ? betty just the coffee . rita , you want something ? rita ( still stare at the nameplate - think ) no. just the coffee . betty we will take we check . Diane search through she many check to find Betty and rita 's . the manager of denny 's , stand with a woman in a blue dress , call Diane 's name . Diane turn and look to the manager and the woman . a fleeting fear go through she eye . she surreptitiously reach in she pocket and take out a mont blanc fountain pen which she put under Betty 's check as she place it on they table . she do this very quickly but Betty notice this and Diane notice Betty notice . Diane walk quickly over to the manager and the woman in the blue dress . Betty turn and watch a heat conversation that she can not hear , but she see the woman in the blue dress search she purse and shrugging and then leave . the manager say something to Diane and Diane turn she pocket inside out and pat herself down in front of the manager show he she innocence . he wave she off and she go behind the counter to retrieve a order of food . Betty stop watch and turn she attention to rita , who be tense and lose in a think . betty ( cont would ) what be it rita ? rita ( without move a muscle ) shhhh . at that moment Diane the waitress reappear at they table . Diane look Betty in the eye and while look at Betty she leave hand slide the mont blanc out from under the check and back into she pocket . diane thank you . come in again . Betty hold she gaze . betty you be welcome . we will . relieved Diane leave and go about she business . Betty look over at rita wait for she to tell she something . rita slowly turn and focus on Betty . rita I remember something ... I remember something ! CUT to : ext . - havenhurst - day Betty and rita be walk back to the apartment . we see they from a distance . they be talk and gesture in a excited and animated way . just after they enter through the iron gate of 1612 havenhurst and be out of sight we notice a car move slowly up havenhurst toward we . we notice two man in the front seat who seem to be look around for something . CUT to : int . - aunt ruth's apartment - day the door slam shut . rita grab Betty 's shoulder . rita Diane selwyn . maybe it 's my name . CUT to : aunt ruth's apartment - moment later Betty and rita be sit next to each other on the leather couch . Betty be rifling through the phone book . she find the listing for selwyn . her finger drift down and find D. selwyn follow by a address and phone number . it be the only selwyn with a D. first name . she hand the phone to rita . betty strange to be call yourself . rita maybe it 's not I . betty call the number . Betty read the number off and rita push the corresponding button . each tone seem to be louder than the last . the ringing seem deafen . there 's a click and the phone be answer - by a machine . a woman 's voice be hear - loudly . woman' voice ( come from answer machine ) hi ... this be I . leave I a message . Betty now have she ear press up against the phone also - strain to hear everything . the machine start recording . Betty hang up the phone immediately . rita it 's not my voice ... but I know she . betty maybe the voice be not Diane selwyn . maybe that 's you roommate or if it be Diane selwyn she can tell you who you be . rita maybe ... maybe ... maybe . CUT to : ext . - adam' house - afternoon taka be bow and smile and nodd to someone we do not see . taka' Pov - a man , kenny , in a sharp black suit be walk down the driveway past gene the poolman 's truck to the front door of Adam 's house . park at the street be a big limo with vincenzo and luigi castigliane sit in the back . Kenny knock on Adam 's front door . lorraine answer . lorraine 's hand be cover with pink paint . pink paint be on she face and clothes . kenny Adam kesher ...he ... lorraine yeah , right ... get lose ! she slam the door , but Kenny 's foot stop it and push it back with a force that shake the wall as the door slam open once again . Kenny enter the house . kenny this be Adam kesher 's house . where ... lorraine like hell it be ! get out ... now !!! gene come out of the kitchen fast , he hand cover with pink paint . gene I guess you do not understand English . she ask to leave . here 's the door . gene grab hold of Kenny and start to push he out the door . Kenny rabbit punch gene in the nose with lightning speed - he fist like a sledgehammer . gene go down . lorraine shriek and leap on Kenny . her long fingernails go for he eye . Kenny slap lorraine hard . the shriek stop instantly and she fall out cold on the carpet . gene be back up and go for Kenny . Kenny get three punch in on gene 's head before gene hit the ground unconscious . Kenny rub some pink paint off he hand and try to get a pink stain off he jacket . he begin walk around the house call out for Adam . he see nothing and hear nothing . he go back to the front door and see Adam 's golf club sit there . Kenny begin snap the shaft of each club . as he snap each club we see lorraine and gene remain out cold on the floor . and in the kitchen we see that the tap be on and the sink water be now overflow from the sink and jewelry box - spilling out onto the kitchen floor . finish he work with the vintage golf club - Kenny leave . CUT to : ext . - adam' house - afternoon Kenny jump into the front seat of the limo . vincenzo and luigi nod to the driver and they take off . taka hoe some weed beneath a jacaranda . CUT to : L.A. aerial shot high angle - night night descend on Los Angeles . million of light down below twinkle like star . CUT to : ext . 1612 havenhurst - night we see the courtyard at night . some of the apartment window have dim , warm light . most all be in darkness . the only sound be the water flow in the fountain with mute distant traffic . Far away a siren wail softly . CUT to : int . aunt ruth's apartment - night Betty and rita be on they hand and knee around the coffee table . a map of L.A. be unfold and Betty be run she finger along a street . her finger stop . betty it 's right about here on Sierra bonita . that 's not too far away . CUT to : ext . courtyard - simultaneous a older , beautiful woman - drunk , be walk slowly - strangely toward the door of aunt Ruth 's apartment . CUT to : int . aunt ruth's apartment - night - simultaneous betty what 's wrong with that ? rita I be not sure about this . betty I know you be afraid of something . we will be careful . tomorrow we will go over there and we will find out . CUT to : ext . 1612 havenhurst courtyard - night the woman move up to the door we see she face . her eye have the eerie look of one possess . she knock mechanically on the door . CUT to : int . aunt ruth's apartment Betty and rita both turn with alarm . Betty get up , stare at the door , then at rita . rita wait , not know what to do . betty it will be okay . Betty open the door . Betty find the face of the actress , louise bonner , stare questioningly at she . betty ( cont would ) yes ? May I help you ? louise where be Ruth ? betty Ruth 's go on a film . I be she niece Betty . who be you ? louise someone be in trouble . who be you ? why be you in Ruth 's apartment ? betty I be she niece . she 's let I stay here . my name be Betty . louise no it be not . that 's not it . that 's not what she say . something bad 's happen . where 's Ruth ? betty I be sorry , but I do not know who you be and I be ... coco Louise ... what be be you do Louise ? Louise turn and see Coco approach across the courtyard . louise where have you be Coco ? God , I have be try to find you all afternoon since 3:00 o'clock . that one be in my room and she will not leave . I want you to get she out . I want you to get she out now . Coco come up and grab hold of Louise . she turn over to Betty . coco this be Louise bonner . I be sure she mean well . ( look over to Louise ) this be Betty , Ruth 's niece . in fact and fortunately I be just come to see Betty . Betty 's a young actress and I be deliver fax page of a scene for she audition tomorrow . here they be honey . now come along Louise and I will take you home . ( back to Betty ) sorry about this . sometimes it happen . louise no , she say it be someone else in trouble . coco stop it , Louise . let 's get you home ... goodnight Betty . Coco take Louise back through the darkness of the courtyard . Betty close the door and turn . betty whoa ! she catch rita 's look . rita be stare at she , horrify . CUT to : ext . beverly hill HOTEL - night establish int . beverly hill HOTEL - corridor outside room 214 a Hotel manager be walk toward the door of room 214 . he knock softly on the door . the door open and Adam kesher be stand there - still beat look with remnant of pink paint . adam yes ... what be it ? HOTEL manager I be sorry Mr. kesher , but there seem to be some problem concern you credit card . adam ... what ?? HOTEL manager the fact be Mr. kesher a representative of you bank call we . adam how ... how would they know I be here ? HOTEL manager I do not know . all we do be take a impression of the credit card and until you check out it just sit in we file . adam so , what do they say ? HOTEL manager well , Sir , I be afraid they say you be overdrawn at you bank and you line of credit have be cancel . adam unbelievable . look ... here . ( Adam take out he wallet . ) I do not know what 's go on . that 's so much baloney . I have get enough cash for one night , okay ? HOTEL manager that 's fine , Mr. kesher . you can pay cash when you check out . I be sorry . it be my duty to inform you . adam Fine . I will check out in the morning . HOTEL manager have a good evening , Mr. kesher . the Hotel manager turn to leave and Adam close the door . CUT to : int . room 214 - night Adam cross the room to the phone and dial a number . the phone be answer . adam someone 's shut off my money ! cynthia I know . where be you Adam ? adam what do you mean " you know " ? cynthia someone call I . when they could not get you they tell I you be as good as break . I do not believe then , so I make some call . adam and ? cynthia you be break ! adam but I be not break . cynthia I know , but you be break . where be you ? adam beverly Hills Hotel . I have get enough cash in my pocket for one night . cynthia do you know somebody call the the cowboy ? adam the cowboy ?? cynthia yeah , the cowboy . this guy , the cowboy , want to see you . Jason say he think it would be a good idea . adam oh , Jason think it would be a good idea for I to meet the cowboy . should I wear my ten gallon hat and my six shooter ? cynthia something tell I this guy be connect with what 's happen , Adam , and I think you should do it and I think you should do it right away . adam Cynthia ... what 's go on ? cynthia it 's be a very strange day . adam and get stranger . where do I meet this cowboy ? I mean do I have to ride out to the range ? cynthia sort of , funny boy . if I tell he the meeting 's on you be to go to the top of beachwood Canyon . there 's a corral up there where he will be . adam you gotta be kid ? cynthia will you meet with he ? adam yeah , sure . it be that kind of a day . when ? cynthia I will call he , then call you back ... if you want you could stay at my place . adam Cynthia ... that would not be a good idea . cynthia I be just offer a place to stay . adam I understand , Cynthia and thank you for the offer . I will find a place . now go ahead and give the cowboy a yodel and get back to I . cynthia okay , but you do not know what you be miss . adam git along little dowgie and call I back . Adam hang up and seem to sag , cupping he forehead and eye with he hand . CUT to : ext . beachwood canyon - night Adam , in he porsche , make he way up the canyon . int . porsche Adam feel like a fool drive up the dark , wind canyon road . as he near the top of the canyon the residential area give way to desert brush . the road wind steeply up to a dark dead end where a old barn and stable sit . Adam park in a little dirt lot and walk up past the barn to the corral . his eye grow accustom to the dark and he.look about . no one be around . there 's only a light wind and a few twinkle star in the sky above . suddenly some bare bulb hang from the corral gate flare up . Adam hear a noise in the brightness and turn . there walk toward he into the light be the cowboy - dress in clean blue denim jeans , well - oile unscuffed , beautifully engrave cowboy boot , a red embroider ivory buttone cowboy shirt complete with string tie . atop the cowboy 's head be a 10 X white stetson . the cowboy be smile warmly as he approach . he stop in front of Adam and begin to speak with a true , slow western drawl . cowboy howdy ! adam howdy to you . cowboy beautiful night . adam yeah . cowboy sure want to thank ya for drivin ' all the way up to see I from that beverly Hills Hotel . adam no problem . what 's on you mind ? cowboy well now , here 's a man who want to get right to it . kinda anxious to get to it be ya ? adam whatever . cowboy a man 's attitude ... a man 's attitude go some way toward how a man 's life will be . be that something ' you agree with ? adam sure . cowboy now ... do you answer cause you think that 's what I want to hear or do you think about what I say and answer cause you truly believe that to be right ? adam I agree with what you say ... truly . cowboy what do I say ? adam that a man 's attitude determine to a large extent how he life will be . cowboy so since you agree I guess you could be a person who do not care about the good life . adam how 's that ? cowboy well , just stop for a little second and think about it . will ya do that for I ? adam okay , I be think . cowboy no . you be too busy be a smart aleck to be thinkin' . now I want ya to think and quit bein ' such a smart aleck . can ya do that for I ? adam look ... where 's this go ? what do you want I to do ? cowboy there 's sometimes a buggy . how many driver do a buggy have ? adam one . cowboy so let 's just say I be drivin ' this buggy and you fix you attitude and you can ride along with I . adam okay . cowboy now I know a few thing . I know you have have a rough day . you be probably thinkin ' I do not know the half of it , but in actual fact I know every part of it . the business of gittin ' throw off you movie , the heartache of see you wife with another man ... losin ' access to that precious film vault ... Adam suddenly look stunne , unsure . cowboy ( cont would ) ... realizin ' you do not have hardly a nickel to you name and then add on to that the sickenin ' feel some man be gonna catch you and hurt you bad for bustin' they vehicle . some day be like that . they be rough , but what will tomorrow bring ? will it be better than today ? the same ... or worse ? a lot of that be up to we individually . up to we and we attitude . when the castigliane brother say " this be no longer you film , " they mean it , but they do not mean you be not go to direct it . I want you to go back to work tomorrow . you be re-cast the lead actress anyway ... audition many girl for the part . when you see the girl that be show to you earlier today , you will say " this be the girl . " the rest of the cast can stay - that be up to you , but that lead girl be not up to you . now , you will see I one more time if you do good . you will see I two more time if you do bad . good night . the cowboy turn and walk until he be engulf in darkness . through the darkness Adam hear the sound of a car door open and close , then another open and close and then the sound of the car drive away . Adam walk up in the direction the cowboy take , but he see no sign of a car nor any dust nor any road . he go back down past the barn and stable to he car . there stand by he porsche be the cowboy . cowboy ( cont would ) you thinkin ' this will work out , cause I be thinkin ' it just might . adam it will work out . cowboy good then , but , just in case , that bank 's gonna stay close a bit longer . you understand that ? adam I understand . cowboy you be a understandin ' fella . adam so , this be the last time I see you then unless I do bad ? cowboy no , this one do not count . it 's part of the original one . so then ... until we meet again . adam okay . Adam get in he car and drive off leave the cowboy smile behind he . CUT to : ext . hollywood - morning we see the ray of the rise sun fall on the huge letter of the hollywood sign and the hill surround it . CUT to : int . aunt ruth's apartment . - morning we see rita 's face as we hear Betty off screen . betty " you be still here ? " rita " I come back . I think that 's what you want . " we see Betty . betty ( angrily ) " nobody want you here ! " move back we realize that the girl be act out Betty 's audition scene . rita be read she line . rita " really ? " betty " my parent be right upstairs ! they think you have leave ... " rita " so ... surprise " ... betty " I can call they ... I can call my dad ... " rita " but you will not ... " betty " you be play a dangerous game here . if you be try to blackmail I ... it 's not go to work . " rita " you know what I want ... it 's not that difficult . " betty ( furious ) " get out ! get out before I call my dad ... he trust you ... you he best friend . this will be the end of everything ... " rita " what about you ? what will you dad think about you ? " betty " stop ! just stop ! that 's what you say from the beginning . if I tell what happen ... they will arrest you and put you in jail , so get out of here before ... " rita " before what ? " Betty pull a table knife out from behind she back . betty " before I kill you . " rita " then they would put you in jail . " Betty mime with move finger tear flow from she eye . betty Cry , cry , cry , and then I say with big emotion , " I hate you ... I hate we both ! " Betty drop the kitchen knife and both girl start laugh . betty ( cont would ) such a lame scene . rita but you be really good . Betty mime tapping a cigarette in a cigarette holder ala Dietrich . betty thank you dahling ! CUT to : int . coco's apartment - day on the move Coco be just bring she cigarette in its holder up to she paint red lip . the phone be ringing and she 's crossing the room to answer it . coco ( into phone ) hello ... ruthie ... how 's the great up north ? ... oh , I be sorry to hear it ... what ? well , I have not see she if she 's in there . now , ruthie there 's nothing to worry about . I see Betty last night and she be just fine . yes , and I give they to she . she 's a real nice kid , ruthie . now stop worry , will ya . I will go over and have a look around . I will . I have get the production office number . I will find you . now keep you sock on up there and take lot of " C . " Goodbye honey . Coco put down the receiver with a long sigh . CUT to : int . aunt ruth's apartment - day Betty and rita be sit on the leather couch have some coffee . the front door to the apartment be open and sunlight be pour in through the screen door . Betty look at she watch . betty oh , no wonder I be starve . I be go to fix a sandwich . you want one ? rita I be all right . betty you have get to eat something . you be just nervous about go over to see if you be Diane selwyn . rita just look at she . Betty start for the kitchen . betty ( cont would ) suit yourself . I will share mine with you if you change you mind . Betty go into the kitchen . suddenly there 's a knock on the screen door and Coco peer in , see rita on the couch . rita look up ... panicked . coco hi ! who be you ? rita uh ... Betty !? Betty come out from the kitchen and see the situation . coco can I see you outside a minute Betty ? Betty walk past rita , pat she on the shoulder and go outside to see Coco who have move away to wait . CUT to : ext . courtyard 1612 havenhurst - day the screen door slam . Coco and Betty face each other close , out of earshot of rita . coco you aunt call I . betty I be afraid of that . coco she want to know who 's stay in she apartment . betty ( slowly , deliberately ) it 's just for a night or two , until she find she own place . I try to explain that to aunt Ruth , but the connection be bad and she plane be leave and she get it all mix up . I keep tell she it be my friend and she keep say she do not know any ritas ... coco sweetie , look at I straight . Betty lift she eye to Coco 's . direct , clear . betty Coco ... she 's very nice . we go to school together . coco so I guess you grandpa and grandma know she . betty not really . I meet she in junior college and she be from this other town . Coco look hard into Betty 's innocent face . betty ( cont would ) you can call my grandparent ... I be sure they would tell you that I do not lie and I sure would not allow a stranger to invade my aunt Ruth 's apartment . coco honey ... I be marry to a director for thirty year . he have a uncanny ability to read people . maybe some of it rubbed off on I or maybe I have it all along ... you be a good kid ... what you be tell I be a load of horse - pucky but it come from a good place . I will trust you to sort this out . now I be not go against Ruth . she 's get enough to worry about up there in Canada . if she ask - I be go to say everything be okay , and you make sure it be . ( Coco place she hand on Betty 's shoulder and squeeze it ) if you need any help you know where to find I . Betty put she hand on Coco 's shoulder and give she a squeeze . betty you be really something Coco ... thank you . coco do not make I out to be a sucker . Louise bonner say there 's trouble in there . you remember last night . sometimes she 's wrong , but if there be trouble - get rid of it . Coco turn and walk away . Betty study she and think about what she say before turn and go back inside . CUT to : int . aunt ruth's apartment - same Betty enter through the screen door . rita study she . rita be everything all right ? be it bad for you that I be here ? betty ( slightly force a broad smile ) everything be a-okay , but I have gotta get that sandwich ! on she way to the kitchen she check she watch . betty ( cont would ) and I have get a audition in one hour . CUT to : int . hollywood police station - day detective Neal domgaard throw two wallet down on the desk in front of detective Harry mcknight . Harry pause in the middle of a large bite of grill cheese sandwich with bacon and tomato . he look down and study the wallet . detective harry mcknight ( bite in and chew ) Nice wallet . detective neal domgaard handstitched italian . fill with phony credit card ... off the two guy in the caddy . detective harry mcknight the one of them still alive ? detective neal domgaard yeah ... just .... Dr. Scott 's get ' im . you remember dr.scott . detective harry mcknight oh yeah . detective neal domgaard well he say ... you know in he way ... you know what I mean ? besides the guy gettin ' roll up under the kid car which bust he up pretty bad , there be this little knife - like tear piece of metal , you know , off the car body , roll out and sly up through this guy 's neck and just kinda slit he aorta , you know , but they do not find it right away , so the guy 's losin ' a lot of blood , you know , to the brain - all this time cause it be just like this thin little puncture wound on the surface of he neck that kinda seal itself , he say , while inside the aorta be bleedin ' pretty steady all that time . so , Dr. Scott 's laughin ' you know like he do ' cause he know we want to talk to this guy . he 's laughin ' you know and shakin ' ... Son of a bitch could not stop laughin ' ... it be kinda contagious ' cause pretty soon we be all laughin' ... the nurse be laughin' . you know how he be . detective harry mcknight find out who they be ? detective neal domgaard nope , not yet . they fingerprint do not match up anywhere . detective harry mcknight ( another big bite - chew ) interesting . detective neal domgaard yeah ... and they both use the same address . detective harry mcknight where at ? detective neal domgaard palmdale . detective harry mcknight damn , that 's a long drive . CUT to : ext . - courtyard 1612 havenhurst - day Betty be come out of aunt Ruth 's apartment . she call back in to rita . betty I hope I be back in a couple of hour . do not drink all the coke . ( we hear laughter from inside and rita call out . ) rita good luck ! betty when I get back I will have the cab wait , so be ready to go . rita okay . Betty close the door and head across the courtyard . she knock on Coco 's door and in a moment Coco answer . betty sorry to trouble you , Coco . coco it 's all right gorgeous . something wrong ? betty no , no . I be on my way to my audition . before I go I want to ask you if you could remember the man 's name ... aunt ruthie 's friend who help put this together . it completely go out of my mind . coco his name 's wally Brown .... great guy . be in the business since forever . betty thanks Coco . it would be so embarrassing coco naw ! he would not have care . just give he a good performance and he will be happy and I have get a feel you will do just that . betty thanks Coco . I will let you know . coco get go . you do not want to be late . betty right . see ya . coco good luck , honey ! Betty take off through the iron gate and Coco smile as she watch she go . CUT to : int . cab - day Betty be wide - eye and fill with awe at something she be see . CUT to : ext . - paramount studio - MAIN entrance gate - day the cab pull up to the gate . Betty pay the driver and get out . she -stand for a moment stare at a dream . she walk through the gate and as she go be stop by a paramount guard . paramount guard and where do we think we be go , miss ? Betty stop and turn . betty to my audition . paramount guard and who be we audition for today ? betty wally Brown . paramount guard and do we know which of the fifty - seven building wally Brown be in ? betty ( smile ) no , we do not . paramount guard well , now we have get to figure that out first do not we ? betty yes , sir. paramount guard mr.wallace Brown be in the executive Building on the second floor . we want to go in and turn right at the first street . then we want to walk three block down past stage 17 to the white executive Building . once we be on the second floor the receptionist will take we from there . now do we have name ? betty Betty elm . paramount guard let 's see if we have a pass for Betty elm ... and we do . here we go . and good luck miss . elm . betty thank you ... thank you very much . CUT to : int . executive build - second floor - day Betty finish climb some stair and cross to the receptionist . she hand over she pass . the receptionist look at it , hand it back to Betty and point down the hall to she leave . receptionist number 43 , on the leave . betty thank you . Betty walk down the long corridor past several office . the door to office 43 be open when she arrive and she enter a large sit room with a receptionist at a desk off to one side . receptionist May I help you ? betty my name be Betty elm . I be here to audition for ... Mr. Brown receptionist good . perfect timing . have a seat and I will get Mr. Brown . the receptionist stand , walk to a door , knock twice , then enter . she close the door behind she and Betty be alone in the sit room . she sit on a couch and look at the old movie poster cover all four wall . in a moment the same door open again and a elderly , distinguished look gentleman wally brown come out smile . Betty stand up immediately . wally Betty elm ? betty yes . wally I be wally Brown . you aunt be a very dear friend of mine so it 's particularly nice to meet you . betty very pleased to meet you . wally come in . I would like you to meet everyone . as they walk into wally 's office ... wally ( cont would ) I take the liberty of invite a extra person to see you audition . she see you resume picture and be very interested in meeting you . Inside wally 's office several people rise out of chair when wally enter with Betty . wally ( cont would ) Betty elm this be Jack taft , my assistant , Jimmy katz who we have already cast for the part of " Chuck " . he will be do the scene with you . this be Julie chadwick and Bob brooker , the director , and we surprise guest be Sarah James . we could not afford she to cast we picture , but as casting agent go she 's the best . sarah jame why thank you , wally . hello Betty . she and Betty shake hand . betty please to meet you . sarah jame this be Nicki , my assistant . Nicki , a very stylish , thin girl with black cat -ey glass nod coolly to Betty . wally and this be martha , martha Johnson , who you meet out front . Betty nervously smile to the room . betty hi. wally well . shall we get to it ? would you like a water or a coffee before we begin ? Betty 's hand be beginning to sweat . betty no , no , I be fine . wally well then , take a seat everyone . Betty why do not you join Jimmy and we will play the scene . be there anything you would like to say Bob ... something to Betty before they begin ? Betty stop on she way across to Jimmy and look to Bob the director . bob no ... it 's not a contest , see , the two of they with themselves , so do not play it for real until it get real . Betty do not know what to say . she catch Sarah 's assistant , Nicki , roll she eye . betty okay . Betty continue walk toward Jimmy who open he arm to she as she approach . he 's old enough to be she father . jimmy just tell I where it hurt , baby . betty what ? jimmy I want to play this one close , Bob . like it be with that girl , what 's she name , with the black hair . that feel good . whaddya think ? Betty look from Jimmy to Bob . bob that would be good , Jimmy . just do not rush that line again . I tell you ... the line where you say , " before what ? " jimmy I be playin ' off them . they say , " they will arrest you " ... and stuff like that .. " put you in jail " ... they say it like that . they all say it the same way , so I react like that . Jimmy turn to Betty . jimmy ( cont would ) look ... what 's you name ? betty Betty . jimmy yeah ... Betty . you do not rush it . I do not rush it . we play it close , just like in the movie . Jimmy reach out and put he arm around Betty and bring she in against he pot belly . jimmy ( cont would ) dad 's best friend go to work . Jimmy smile as he bring Betty a little closer . she be try to concentrate through the nervousness and Jimmy 's breath . there be a silence as Jimmy look she in the eye . everyone in the room be look Betty in the eye . wally Bob ? bob and ... action ! Betty and Jimmy start the scene . it be very difficult for Betty as Jimmy have she in a absurd clench now . betty you be still here ? jimmy I come back . I think that 's what you want . Jimmy play this with a big lecherous smile . he give the last part of the line across she cheek up to she ear . betty nobody want you here . Betty use the anger of this line to push herself away from Jimmy . Jimmy reach out and grab she wrist . jimmy really ? Betty pull she hand away and stand she ground . betty my parent be right upstairs ! they think you have leave . Jimmy smile broadly and move again toward Betty . jimmy so ... surprise ! Betty push he back . betty I can call they ... I can call my dad . jimmy but you will not . he grab Betty by the wrist again and pull she in to he . he put he hand on she waist and it accidently slip and keep go down she hip . he jerk he hand back . Betty look down and see Jimmy 's hand hover above she thigh . Betty take she hand and gently press down on Jimmy 's hand . she slowly look up with the most seductive smile . Jimmy let he hand rest more firmly on she thigh , and squeeze she thigh as he see she smile . with he other hand Jimmy gently pull she closer . something have start come over Betty and she catch the drift of this scene in a different way . she 's surprising herself . betty ( almost a hot whisper ) you be play a dangerous game here . if you be try to blackmail I ... it 's not go to work . Jimmy now surprise himself . he become almost tender and genuinely work up from the heat come off Betty . jimmy you know what I want ... it 's not that difficult . where the scene should turn to anger from Betty it can not now and Betty play it as she feel it . she stay in very close to Jimmy - look he right in the eye . betty ( whisper desperately - slowly ) get out ... get out before I call my dad . he trust you ... you be he best friend . ( she arm go around he ) this will be the end of everything . Jimmy get lose . he do not know where he be anymore . he can only see Betty 's eye . jimmy what about you ? what will you dad think about you ? Betty still play it in a dreamy whisper ... lose in heat . betty stop ... just stop ! that 's what you say from the beginning . if I tell what happen ... they will arrest you and put you in jail , so get out of here before ... jimmy ( catch by she transfix , sultry eye , and almost breathless ... he find himself take a extra long pause ) before what ? as script Betty pretend to pull the knife from behind she back , but wrap the knife around behind Jimmy and pull he into a kiss . betty ( as she kiss he - whisper ) before I kill you . Jimmy panic and push Betty away with he hand on she shoulder as if force himself to come out of a trance . he finally be able to say he line . jimmy then they would put you in jail . as script Betty be suppose to cry now and it be very easy for she to do this because she 's ashamed at how the sex of the scene take she over . tear begin run down she cheek . she back away . betty I hate you ... I hate we both ! she pretend to drop the knife . the scene end . everyone in the room have become mesmerize by Betty , but they soon drift back to reality and begin applaud the performance . Sarah turn to Nicki . sarah jame I be go to take she over there . nicki Big time ! wally ( to everyone ) wow ! Betty wipe she eye and turn smile - still shocked at herself . betty well , there it be . jimmy there it be it be ! baby , you get a way ! wally Bob ? bob very good . really . I mean it be force maybe but still humanistic . yeah , very good , really . wally well , thank you Betty , and I mean that . that be very impressive . you have do you aunt proud and I be go to tell she the first chance I get . we will speak again soon I be sure , and thank you so much for come in . betty well , thank you . Betty do not quite know what to do . she move to the center of the room and just stand . remnant of the scene still stay with she . Sarah stand and Nicki stand just after . sarah jame thank you , wally . I be sure you all have a lot to talk about . we will walk Betty out . wally well , yes indeed . we pleasure , Sarah , and do not you be a stranger . we would love to see you around here again real soon . sarah jame well come along , Betty . Sarah take Betty 's hand and they go to the door . Betty turn back once more and smile . betty thank you again , Mr. Brown . it be nice meeting all of you . everyone nod and wave and Betty be take out by Sarah and Nicki . CUT to : int .- corridor executive build - day the three of they walk down the corridor . sarah jame oh God , that be awful ! Betty 's head spin to Sarah . a look of shock and let down on she face . sarah jame ( cont would ) oh , not you Betty . you be stellar and I mean that , but poor wally . he will never get that picture make . wally 's day be up twenty - year ago . nicki ( sicken little laugh ) how about that Jimmy katz ? sarah jame oh god ! Jimmy katz never have a day . Jimmy katz never have a minute . poor wally . Betty find herself get a little upset . betty they seem very nice to I , and wally ... Mr. Brown be a very close friend of my aunt 's , so . . . sarah jame settle down , Betty . do not get I wrong . I love wally . I ought to . I be marry to he for ten year . Betty do another shocked head turn . sarah jame ( cont would ) and I love actor , all actor , Jimmy katz include . we just get a little catty sometimes . now we want to take you across the way and introduce you to a director who 's a head above the rest . he 's get a project that you would kill ! at the word ' kill ' Betty turn to she once again with a question look . sarah jame ( cont would ) ... knock it right out of the park . CUT to : int . - recording studio - day we see what look like a recording studio right out of the 1960' . we be look through a plate of glass . a blonde girl be stand at a vintage microphone . behind she be three back - up male vocalist dress in three tone , shiny 60' suit . we hear string soar up and the blonde girl begin to sing sixteen reason by connie Stevens . the male vocalist back she up flawlessly . we move back and realize we be on a movie set inside a sound stage . a screen test be be shot of the girl and as we continue move back we see the director Adam kesher surround by he crew . behind they there be many people stand , eat , watch , work . the stage be full and bustling . the song play loudly over . Sarah and Nicki bring Betty into this scene through a giant stage door . a guard mime for they to be quiet as they approach the set . the song continue to play over . as Sarah lead Betty up close Adam turn and he eye fall on the beautiful face of Betty elm . sense something Betty turn and see Adam . they each seem to feel the thrill of the thunderbolt , but each embarrassed to stare longer than they already have turn back and watch the girl finish the song . adam ( call out through a electronic megaphone ) cut it ! he get out of he chair and walk into the set - up to the blonde girl . he shake she hand . adam ( cont would ) thank you very much , Carol . it be really great of you to come in . I know how busy you be . carol oh , man , be you kid ? I love this script ! where do I sign ? adam look ... I love you , but there 's no way they be gonna let I cast this thing until I have see everyone . I will let you know as soon as I can . carol I know you will ... cause my manager 's gonna bug you day and night ... I too . adam it will be my pleasure . now , get out of here . carol oh , you be just so cruel ... do not forget I . I be the girl that 's go to play this part . adam ( lightly pinching she cheek ) see ya later . Adam turn and go back out of the set onto the stage floor . he look around . he see Betty be introduce by Sarah to some of the studio executive . he go over to he Assistant director and look down at the man 's notepad . adam ( cont would ) who 's next , hank ? hank camilla Rhodes . Adam wonder - worry . adam be she ready ? hank all ready . adam bring she out . hank speak into he walkie-talkie headset . the sound of he voice can be hear in several location throughout the stage . hank ( through walkie - talkie ) camilla Rhodes next ! Adam look up - a beautiful blonde step into the set in front of the microphone . it be the girl ! the back - up singer step in behind she . Adam nod to hank . hank ( cont would ) turn over ! the cameraman call out , " speed " . adam ( through megaphone ) playback ! countdown before the music begin . adam ( cont would ) action ! the string soar up and camilla Rhodes begin to sing . on the set Betty hear the song again and turn and watch . once again she eye find Adam as he eye be find hers . this time Adam turn away . he watch camilla for a moment . she be passable , but not spectacular . Adam reach out and pull hank over to he . hank yeah ? Adam pause . adam get Jason over here . hank get on he walkie-talkie . hank Cindy ... Adam want to see Jason . Adam continue to watch camilla Rhodes sing . jason goldwyn , a tall sixty year old silver - haire man , come through the crowd and stop at Adam 's side . he look down at Adam , but Adam continue watch camilla Rhodes . Jason follow Adam 's gaze and he watch camilla sing then turn back to Adam . Adam slowly look up right into Jason 's eye - wonder how much Jason know , but Jason 's face do not give away a thing . jason do you want to tell I something , Adam ? adam this be the girl ! at that moment Ray , have overhear , come to Jason 's side . he smile at Adam . ray excellent choice , Adam . Adam be sick with himself . across the room Betty panic when she look at she watch . betty oh ... oh ... I have to be somewhere . I promise a friend . she quickly shake Sarah 's and Nicki 's hand say , " I be sorry , I be sorry " and run off like cinderella . Adam turn and see she run off out of he world . Chris isaak 's song " except the New girl " segues in over connie Stevens and play as Adam , Sarah and Nicki watch Betty disappear out the sound stage door . CUT to : ext . 1612 havenhurst - STREET - day Chris isaak song " except the New girl " continue . a idling cab sit wait with back door open . CUT to : courtyard - 1612 havenhurst day Chris isaak song segues to the sound of a blue saxophone . Betty and rita come out of aunt Ruth 's apartment . Betty be laugh , pull on rita . betty c'mom . there 's nothing to be afraid of . across the courtyard cornell dumont , a strikingly handsome young black musician , be on he balcony play the saxophone . he stop play when he see the girl . he stand and look as if recognize someone . cornell dumont hey ! Betty and rita stop and look up , shield they eye from the sun . cornell dumont ( cont would ) hey , how 's sol ? betty sol ? cornell dumont no ... not you ... ( to rita ) I be sorry ... I forget you name . rita ( almost inaudible ) rita . cornell dumont yeah . well , I have not see sol lately . tell he to come by the club . rita nod ... bite she lip . Cornell smile and pick up he sax . betty and what 's you name ? cornell dumont ( big smile ) Cornell dumont . he begin to blow some sweet jazz that flow smooth as syrup . betty ( whisper ) ask he who sol be ... rita hurriedly start for the gate . betty ( cont would ) maybe he could help ... Betty follow rita through the gate to the wait cab . they get in and the cab pull away . CUT to : int . cab - day Betty reach and gently grab rita 's shoulder . she speak firmly but quietly so the cab driver will not hear . betty why do not you ask he ? sol know you ! rita ( whisper back ) but I do not know , sol . I never hear of sol . I would just get in trouble . that 's why we should not go see about Diane selwyn ... it 's better not to get in trouble . betty you be not go to get in trouble . you be go to find out who you be . find out who you be get you out of trouble . rita think about this silently then begin to worry and doubt all over again . dissolve to : int . cab - later Betty hold the slip of paper with the address in she hand . she turn back and forth watch the building on both side of the street . betty it should be around here ... rita watch out of the window pensively as the cab move up Sierra bonita . they near a modern apartment compound of bungalow and duplex almost hide in the tree and vegetation . a smooth stucco wall surround the complex . betty ( cont would ) ( point ) that 's it ... 2590 . ( nudging rita ) do it look familiar ? rita shake she head ..no. rita be look at a black car park down the street face 2590 . she discern two man sit in the front . rita do not stop ! betty what be it ? what do you see ?! rita ( quietly - frantic ) that man in front , in the car . betty do you know they ?! rita no ... but ... betty ( to driver ) keep go . go around to the back . CUT to : ext . sierra bonita apartment - back alley - day Betty get rita out of the cab and pay the driver , who then drive away . the girl go through a rear gate and enter the complex walk along a curving concrete walk . this lead they to a intersection where a registry be print on a rough hewn wooden plaque . they scan the list . betty selwyn ... number 12 . they both look around the various door near they . Betty spot a sign which say , behind a arrow , bungalow # 10 through # 20 . betty ( cont would ) it 's this way . they set off down another sidewalk toward bungalow # 12 . as they near it and actually can see it just ahead they pass a chainlink service gate to the alley . stand in the alley be a man in a dark suit wear sunglass . both girl dive for the bush . the man in the black suit turn reacting to the noise and motion . both girl be try to catch they breath and stay as still and quiet as possible . betty ( cont would ) ( panting whisper ) now , you have get I scared . peer through the bush they see the man still look in they direction . suddenly he turn and smile at something to he leave . he hurry off , but soon return carry two heavy suitcase , follow by a older woman in a yellow dress . both Betty and rita crawl further forward . they see the limo and realize that the man they be afraid of be a ordinary limousine driver just go about he work . the girl stand up , relieved and a little embarrassed . betty ( cont would ) see , I tell you there be nothing to be afraid of ! they go up to bungalow # 12 and stand for a moment face the front door . rita oh no ... do not . Betty do not listen to rita . she knock strongly on the door . they stand wait . there 's no answer so Betty knock again harder . they wait . rita ( cont would ) no one 's ... suddenly the door open . a attractive middle - aged woman stand before they . middle - aged woman yes ? betty Diane ? middle - aged woman number 17 . betty but it say # 12 . middle - aged woman I switch apartment with she . she 's in # 17 . just walk down that way . it 's just to the right . the woman seem to be look now at rita . middle - aged woman ( cont would ) it 's kind of hide by the foliage . Betty and rita start to leave . middle - aged woman ( cont would ) she have not be around for a few day ... betty well ... we will leave she a note . middle - aged woman ( start toward they ) I will go with you . she 's still get some of my stuff . the phone ring from inside she bungalow . middle - aged woman ( cont would ) ( turn back ) oh ... go ahead . I have get to get that . the woman hurry back inside and close the door . Betty and rita quickly move up the walkway toward bungalow # 17 . betty I guess you be not Diane . rita , still fight she fear do not answer . they reach bungalow # 17 . it 's set back beneath tall bush and a old eucalyptus tree . the front door be in deep shadow . without even look at rita Betty knock quickly . there 's no answer . she knock again . betty ( cont would ) still not home I guess . the girl drift off to the side of the bungalow . Betty try to see in the window . she try a window and to she surprise it open . rita I do not think ... betty ( look around for anyone watch ) C 'mon help I in . I will open the front door . rita no . Betty jump up and catch she knee on the siding , she head through the open window . betty push !!! rita reluctantly push and Betty be in . as she close the window ... betty ( cont would ) meet you at the door . rita walk around to the front door and get there just as Betty open it . Betty have she hand over she mouth and nose . betty ( cont would ) I do not know if you want to come in here or not . there 's some kind of horrible smell like ... something ... rita be compel to go in and as the door click shut she react to the smell . CUT to : int . - bungalow # 17 - day Betty begin to go through the bungalow and rita follow . all the blind be close and the curtain draw . they move slowly , look around at everything as they go . Betty look to rita to see if any of this be something she remember . rita look as though she 's walk in a trance . through the half light they move deeper into the bungalow to a corridor . CUT to : ext . sierra bonita apartment - bungalow # 12 - day the Middle - age woman be just shutting the door to she bungalow . she walk quickly in the direction of bungalow # 17 . CUT to : int . - bungalow # 17 - day Betty and rita be move down the corridor . they pass a small room and look in at a couch , wardrobe and make - up table . they move on down the corridor to a door which be almost close . Betty touch the door and it seem to swing open on its own . they enter the room and stop cold . a scream start to build inside rita . before they be a dead woman lie on a bed . great chunks of mattress be stand upright have be rip and tear by shotgun blast . a dry sea of blood surround the bloat , gray body of the woman . the scream come out of rita as a force propelling she to look closer . Betty lunge after rita , she eye also not able to leave the sight . she cover rita 's mouth with she hand and bring she close . the scream be stifle by Betty 's hand . in the silence that follow , knock can be hear . Betty freeze and keep rita quiet with she hand still place over she mouth , but she can not stop rita 's violent shaking nor the horror in she eye . CUT to : ext . bungalow # 17 - day the Middle - age woman back away from the front door , look around at bungalow # 17 . she 's not sure if she have hear something or not . she wonder , then turn and go back to she bungalow . just as she have disappear the door to bungalow # 17 fly open and rita , follow closely behind by Betty , run with a look of horror directly toward we until she torture face fill the screen . sound , churn music . CUT to : int . aunt ruth's apartment - bathroom - day sound , music churn continue . great sob , almost hysterical , wrack rita 's body as she bend over the sink , scissor into she long , dark hair with a frenzy . there be a loud sound of the scissors cut deep through many strand of hair . Betty 's be rush to she - she hand reach tenderly , but firmly for rita 's hand hold the scissors . she keep she from cut and move closer , whisper in rita 's ear . rita can not stop cry , but let Betty hold she . Music change ... betty rita ... I know what you be do . rita ( through uncontrollable sob ) what ... i..have ... to do . betty I know what you have to do , but let I do it . rita turn and look up at Betty , she eye red with cry . Betty pull she up face she . rita let Betty take the scissors . they look into each other 's eye . Betty gently stroke rita 's cheek , wiping away some tear . betty ( cont would ) let I do it . dissolve to : int . aunt ruth's apartment - later - day pan slowly across we see on the bathroom counter various open bottle , use q-tip , towel , comb , a brush , a bowl , and lot of long strand of cut black hair . we continue move up to a empty mirror and eerie music build . the reflection of the new rita move into the mirror . she have short , beautiful blonde hair , blonde eyebrow and no make -up . Betty 's reflection come in beside rita 's . they stare at the new rita in the mirror . betty ( quietly with assurance ) you look like someone else . CUT to : ext . courtyard 1612 havenhurst - late evening - almost dark we move off the door of aunt Ruth 's apartment and crane slowly up to the apartment above hers - wilkin - the one with the wayward dog . we move closer to Wilkins ' apartment and as we move in we hear a phone ringing . dissolve to : int . wilkin ' apartment - a moment later Wilkins still in he pajamas , bathrobe and slipper from morning slouches in a enormous stuff chair and match ottoman , surround by pile of papers and coffee cup . his Jack Russell terrier wake and stand at the sound of the phone ringing on a side table next to Wilkins . Wilkins come out of a deep think and pick up the receiver as he run he hand through strange , matte tuft of dirty blonde hair . wilkin hello . Adam . how 's it go ? no , it 's okay . yeah , I be work , but ... they want this script a week ago . what ? what 's wrong with you house ? the poolman ? sure , you can have the couch . no , it 's no problem .. it 's just I gotta ... I gotta work . any chance you could bring some food . no , I get plenty of money - I just have not go out for awhile . groovy man ! wilkin ( cont would ) Murphy and I will be glad to see you . no , no , no , he 's get plenty of food . CUT to : int . aunt ruth's apartment - bedroom - night rita have just take the hatbox from the closet shelf and be set it on the bed . betty what be you do ? Betty be sit on the bed opposite . rita open the hatbox and remove she purse . she open the purse and take out the money . she sit down on the bed and while stare at the money she think of what to say . rita you have be so good to I ... now we know why ... why I be so afraid . we know what kind of trouble I be in . I should not ... ask you ... I only have this to offer . I will give you this if I can stay here for awhile . I do not know what else to do . Betty move across the bed to the side of rita . she put she arm around rita and hold she . betty rita ... I want you to stay here and you do not have to give I that money . rita but I want to . betty no . we should not touch that money . we do not know about that money . that might be dangerous money . you have to start all over again . you look like a brand new person and you can be a brand new person ... whoever you want to be . rita it sound kind of nice ... be somebody brand new . betty hey , let 's introduce the brand new you to Hollywood . we have not see the roof garden yet . CUT to : ext . courtyard - night the girl come out the front door ... Betty lead and pull a much happier rita along with she . they half run across the courtyard to stone step under a ivy cover eave . CUT to : ext . roof garden - night the girl race up the stone step toward we . soon they wind - blow , smile face fill the screen as they look out . there before they be the light of Hollywood with silhouett palm , slow - move theater kleig light , and float above it all the giant sign in the hill read hollywood . betty here I be Hollywood ! my name 's Betty . a pause . betty ( cont would ) ( to rita ) say it ! rita here I be Hollywood ! my name be ... rita . they look out , maybe wait for a answer blow in the Santa Ana wind . CUT to : int . aunt ruth's apartment - night - a moment later we move in to the pile of money next to rita 's purse . past that we move down inside rita 's purse . we see the Blue Key and move closer to it until it fill the screen . CUT to : ext . denny' restaurant - hollywood - night we drift along the red brick past the payphone , along the wall until we come to the corner . slowly we round the corner and move to a dark alley . there amongst the dumpster and trash can be the dark silhouette of a figure . we move closer to the figure . it be the bum and the bum sit . we move closer and the bum 's face fill the screen . it 's face be black with fungus . it 's eye turn and they seem to be red . the end