ext . cab on marine drive - evening ( d.v.footage ) a digital camera be on in a cab which be stick in traffic , inching its way along Marine drive in the rain . Music play on the cabbie 's radio , and there be angry honk from impatient driver . the cabbie look at the person who be filming in the back seat through the rear view mirror . he be a portly man with grey hair , and kind line around he eye . cabbie nayi aayi hain mumbai mein ? girl ( 0.c . ) ji paanch mahine ho gaye . phir bhi sab naya hi lagta hai ! cabbie kahan ki hain aap ? girl ( 0.c. ) malihabad , u.p. cabbie accha ? Main bhi u.p. ka hoon. jaunpur . jaunpur jaanti hain aap ? girl ( 0.c. ) haan . ja chuke hain vahan . cabbie nod , look pleased . the camera pan to the window , and the girl open it , let a spray of water onto the lens . she shoot the street , pedestrian with umbrella try to cross the road between car , the churn grey sea . the camera work be amateur . we catch a glimpse of the girl in the rear view , not enough to see she clearly . they pass girgaum chowpatty . girl ( 0.c. ) ( cont ’d ) ( into camera mike in a whisper voice ) dekho imran , yehi voh mashoor chowpatty hai Marine drive par . har din yahan bohot log aate hain - bhel puri khane , pav bhaji khane . mere khayal mein zyadatar log yahan ki khuli hawa khane aate hain , jiski badi kami mehsoo hoti hai ! ( pause ) samundar ki hawa kitni alag hai . lagta hai isme logon ke armaanon ki mehek mili hui hai . . some street kid come up to she at the street light . STREET kid ( sadly ) didi do rupya do to , rote khayega .. he notice the camera . STREET kid ( cont ’d ) arre tum shoot kar rah hai ? ( shout to the other ) eh raju ! ( to she ) mera bhi photo lo to didi . '' pardesi , pardesi , jaana nahin , mujhe chhod ke .. '' the cab pull away , as the kid continue to dance in the rain while the other kid join he . title over the following scene : ext . build under construction - evening a bunch of construction worker work on the fourteenth or fifteenth floor of what be on its way to become a mammoth building . they look thin , poorly clad , and poorly equip - few helmet , no harness , just one or two with scruffy cap at jaunty angle . crow and kite fly and perch , as down below traffic snarl its way slowly around bombay 's congest road at home - go rush hour . one of the worker , selva , squat near a edge to light a bidi . he find he do not have a light and ask a co - worker in Telugu for match . he be toss a light , as the guy all share a joke . he light he bidi , and look out over bombay . the highrise all around , the sea in the distance , the small , pathetic cluster of the construction worker child as they play in the rubble . the sun be set . int . a flat - sunset arun and he broker rakesh open the door of a disus apartment . arun be around 35 , a thoughtful look man , attractive in a bookish , serious sort of way . rakesh try a couple of light switch but nothing come on . there 's a little light from the fade sun . rakesh , a weasly 23 year old umbilically attach to he cell phone , try to push open a window which be firmly stick , while talk into he phone cradle between he ear and shoulder . rakesh nahin nahin madam , bohot accha hai , exactly aapke layak ... haan hai , gas connection hai , day - night security hai ... ab aaj ke zamane mein phone kisko chahiye ... haan pani hai mostly , subah ko to zaroor hai ... aap dekh to lijiye madam ! bohot accha hai ... ok , chhe baje .. ok madam . he have the window open and he turn around expectantly . rakesh ( cont ’d ) to kaisi lagi , arun ji ? arun look around he and wander round the room . rakesh ( cont ’d ) arre perfect hai . thodi si painting aur ye bilkul nayi lagegi . aap to painter hai , aapko idea hogi , hain ?! arun give he a look to say stop bullshit I . rakesh ( cont ’d ) nahin , soch lijiye , yahan vo gyarah mahine ka chakkar nahin rahega , unlimited lease , aur yeh hai vo '' bombay view '' jo aapko chahiye tha . Vo dekhiye , vo hai aga Khan ka tower . Station nazdeek hai , aur toilet attach hai , jo be type ke building mein normally nahin rehta hai . haan kitchen small hai , par aap kahan khana banate hain ! rakesh 's phone ring and he answer it while arun look out at the view . there be old building all round in stage of disrepair . the street below be busy and there be a neon hoard on the terrace of the opposite building . as they leave arun see a lady sit outside she flat on a chair , with a unsee expression on she face . int . salim 's slum room - night salim ( 22 ) and munna ( 20 ) be watch a David dhawan comedy on tv , smoking cigarettes and drink rum . while salim be a overweight affable sort , munna be a good look , smart boy , with a twinkle in he eye anda sense of style . salim 's mother ( 50 ) also watch in between sealing little packet of fancy rubber band . salim 's young brother Karim ( 16 ) be study from a text book . much laughter . we can hear train in the background . salim behnchod , yeh hasa hasa ke maar dalega , saala ! dekh , dekh ! munna yaar , kya actor hai , yaar ! Main usse milna chahta hoon .. salim johnny lever se ? chal main milvata hoon to ! munna chal ! chootiya ... karim amma , jab main exam mein fail ho gaya to , aap salim aur munna ki class lena , mera nahin ! munna ( mock serious ) theek kaha . salim chup kar to yaar . paanchvi fail ! tu dekh , saale , apna Karim padh likh kar ekdum top class gentleman banega , maloom kya ? Hai to Karim ? eh Karim , bol to ! correct to ? Karim give he a glare . munna get up to go with a grin and wink . salim kidhar ko nikla ? kaam pe ? tera yeh kaam itna ghatiya hai to , kayko karta hai munna ? Main bola to main set kar ke deta hun tujhe ! munna tere jaisa kaam nahi karna hai ! chor saala ! mera hi kaam accha hai , kyun khala ? he brandish a heavy stick , with a metal tip at the end , grin . khala do not react , she 's use to this kind of banter . munna playfully poke he stick in salim 's rib , and salim throw it off . salim chhi ! Hut saale ! munna leave grin . ext . slum on the railway track - night munna cross the rail track . ext . MAIN road - night munna dart across the road and a car swerve to avoid he cause a little confusion . munna continue to walk , and the driver swear under he breath . we cut inside the car to shai , 29 , very attractive and stylish , and pesi ( 32 ) . the window be up and shirley bassey be on the stereo . shai shit ! what do he think he be do ? crazy ! pesi shai , do not act the nri now , huh ! you have forget traffic here or what ? shai and we be so late , pesi ! my mum leave for the show a hour ago . pesi Babe , nothing remotely interesting in bombay start before ten , darling . now I really need to educate you in bombay etiquette ! shai roll she eye in a good humoure way . int . art gallery - night its a modest size , interesting gallery , open the new work of T. arun ; painting , etching and some small installation . well heele so-called art lover mingle , as wine , champagne and hor d'oeuvre do the round . Press photographer take picture . shai be be introduce to some people by she mother pravin , while pesi talk to a serious look man . later shai look at the work . the installation , which have a escher -esque construction about they , be make from what seem like scrap and waste material . shai look around , a bit fidgety , observe all the different kind of people there . arun walk in . she see he and keep look at he , find he attractive . pesi oh there 's arun ! finally ! he can not even make it in time for he own show ! actually I like this new work , what do you think jatin ? jatin , carefully weigh he word . jatin well , its hard to be apolitical when you be reference the work class , because the discourse go into area of ethic . I think this have a specificity which bely its larger context , really . pesi nod , think hard what he should say . shai which one be arun . pesi point he out . she look at he and widen she eye meaningfully . pesi return the look , first quizzical then catch on . vatsala call everyone to attention . vatsala lady and gentleman , the artist have decide to make a appearance ! ( clap all round , some comment and laughter ) I take great pleasure in present '' building '' , arun 's new work . I do not really need to formally introduce arun , do I ? ( more comment and laugh well the ignorant can read my expensive brochure ! now be the moment arun hate the most ! arun come and say a few word ! everyone , T. arun . arun , be nice ! ( much clap ) arun step up and look at the crowd . arun well , there 's not much to say , I think . this be my most transparent work . its my tribute to the people from rajasthan , Tamil Nadu , bihar , u.p. and elsewhere who build this city in the hope that someday they will find a rightful place in it . so , to bombay , my muse , my whore , my beloved ... he raise he glass as a toast , the crowd raise they glass in a ' salut 's , and arun knock back he drink and hurry into the crowd . then there 's clap and bravo 's . shai and pesi also clap and the party be resume . pesi look about he animatedly , as if for a victim . pesi there 's feroz . bastard owe I five lakh ! shai Babe , he 's beautiful . pesi who feroz ?! he 's not in the .. oh , he . ( follow she gaze to arun ) he 's strange . too deep and dark for I , baba ! shai thank god for that ! at least one boy in bombay be available then ! elsewhere arun have be cornere by a lady in big diamond . lady diamond ha , ha ! you know ? but tell I , do you think you 's 1ll ever do commission work ? like I need something for my house in alibaug , something quite big , in that old style you use to have , you know ? very abstract with lot of write and thing . arun be look torture . a bespectacle corporate - look man come up to they . man hello , sorry to interrupt , hi mona ! ( airkiss Lady diamond ) ( more ) man ( cont 'd ) arun , I be miraj Husain from the indian Council for Art . I have be talk to vatsala about take some work of yours for a group show to munich , Brussels , London and Madrid . arun nod , a little high and want to escape . mona drift away , bored . miraj well , I be not sure if vat discuss it with you ? arun nod a negative , vaguely look around . miraj ( cont ’d ) anyway , its in September , and she say you next solo be much later , so it should work out . its a great showcase for contemporary indian art , and be sure to create a real buzz in the art market . huge publicity , probably a high profile auction at the end . you know ? very big name involved . arun reach for yet another drink , and finish it rapidly . behind miraj he can see someone write a phone no on he brochure , rest it on one of he piece . just then pesi come up to they with shai . pesi hi all ! miraj , you fraud , you be suppose to call I year ago ! miraj make some sheepish excuse . pesi ( cont ’d ) anyway , arun this be shai. ( winking at she ) enjoy , love ! pesi engage miraj in conversation , freeing arun . arun let out a huge sigh , smile at shai and look relaxed again . shai that bad ? arun you have no idea ! bless pesi. arun . shai hi , I be shai . yes I think you look a bit stricken .. both laugh . he knock back he drink , she 's vastly amused , and he look at she with warmth . they share some sort of secret now . arun so be you a artist too ? shai no , no , I be a investment banking consultant . arun means what ? something to do with money right ? shai ( laugh ) yes , broadly speak ! essentially I study investment trend in south asian economy . arun here in bombay ? shai no , in New York . I have move back here for a bit though . arun oh . why ? shai well , I just need a break from thing ... a new perspective , some fresh air in my head . arun and you be plan on get that in bombay ! shai ( laugh ) maybe just a change of scene then . some new face , no New York winter , and no talk about figure and projection ... arun cool . I could do with a holiday too . shai actually , its not a holiday , I be on a sabbatical ! 10 . arun accha ... mean what ? shai means I have get a research grant to submit a project about small and marginal business and shift in traditional occupation . basically I have to write some papers , and do what I love do best - take photograph . arun raise he eyebrow as he keep swigging he rum and coke . there 's a squawk from someone , then a shriek and a ripple of panic run through the room as a rat scurries to find safe refuge . shai be knock against in the melee and she get red wine all over she shirt . arun start laugh and shai , though irritate can not help laugh as well , wiping she shirt with a proffer napkin . shai ( cont ’d ) shit . arun now my show be truly open ! cheer ! they toast and drink together . ext . railway track - night munna walk along the track with a bucket of water in he hand . he have a towel and a soap in the other . his clothes have patch of brown dry blood on they , and he look sleepy but not exhaust . its probably 4 a.m . there be light on in some of the room of the slum , as people rise early for they job . he get to a area beyond the slum , and we see some huddle shape in the semi darkness do they morning job . a drunk be lie with he head on the track . munna put he bucket down , drag the drunk to a safer spot ten foot away , who mutter irritably , and then carry on . he put he bucket down at a point , take off he dirty clothes and begin to splash the cold water on himself , he tooth chatter , mutter some song word to himself . soap himself all over , he wash he hair , then later sit in he towel with a lota to do he morning job . as he head back , clean and sate , the grey dawn break and smoke curl out of the shanties . 10 11 12 11 . int . munna 's room - morning 9 the train begin they rumble past munna as he lie down on he sheet inside he slum room ( where another young boy be sleep ) , and fall asleep . int . a flat - day ( d.v. footage ) 10 the digital camera be shoot the world waking up outside a apartment window . a big gulmohar tree cover half the window and there be activity on the street below - the milk van , people on they way to work . the camera zoom in to a window in the building opposite , where a woman in she nightie hurry to get breakfast and tiffin ready in a kitchen . the pressure cooker whistle go off in a cloud of steam , and she stir something in a pan as she pour out tea into cup . her husband , in a dhoti with the morning paper , come in and get he tea , and they exchange some inaudible word . over this image we hear the same girl 's voice , whisper . girl ( 0.c. ) subah subah itni jaldi rehti hai sabko .. jaise din sirf chaar chand ghante ki ho ! dekho kitni jaldi salan banati hai yeh . lagta hai ki speed ke mark milte hain yahan ! phir zayke ka kya ? kaun jane .. humare yahan bhi ek ' bai 's aati hai - yahan kaam kaaj wali ko bai bulate hain . haay , kya speed hai uske ! jhat se bartan , kapde , saphai , sab khatam ! do minute zyada nahin thehregi ! humari Zubeda khala se itni alag , voh to peeche pad jaati thi ki aao baalon mein Tel daal doon , zara sa maalish kar doon ! bechari . kaisi hai voh ? use mera salaam kehna . int . arun 's apartment - day 11 its late morning . shai open she eye look up at a unfamiliar fan , naked under a sheet . she hear sound from the kitchen . she shut she eye and smile , snuggling back into the pillow . int . arun 's apartment - later 12 arun be stand at he window drink tea , fully bath and dress , look out onto a noisy bombay day . 12 . his apartment be small , and in a mess . carton lie around , and thing look makeshift . there be a empty whisky bottle on the floor , and two glass . arun look worried . he turn around when he hear a click of a camera . shai be in the room in a oversize man 's shirt over the pants / skirt she have be wear to the art open . she have she camera in she hand . arun shai hi . shai walk into the room and look around , realize there be not really any place to sit . shai ( cont ’d ) you be up long ? arun a hour or two . ( a awkward pause ) tea ? shai I have love some . listen I just help myself to a shirt that be lie on you chair , because mine be trash with that wine stain .. arun ( interrupt ) its fine . arun go to the kitchen and she follow . he put on the electric kettle and rummages in the cupboard for a cup . shai I have not stay up so long talk in year ! and I do not think I have ever dance to ... what be it ? '' sexy sadie '' ! ( laugh ) you , my friend , be quite the dancer ! arun milk and sugar ? shai yes please . ( she watch he ) I have a lovely time last night . 13 . she look at he fondly , but he smile be embarrassed and he avoid look at she . he wash the cup and hunt around for the sugar . he pull out a sachet from a bag of sachet , and go to the fridge and pull out a carton of milk . shai wander out into the live room and look around . she see a little sketch / personal item of arun 's that she quickly put in she pocket , check to see if he see . she see a painting on the bookshelf of a black and white photograph of a couple . the man be in army uniform and the lady be a south indian beauty in wedding finery . the photograph have be paint on , with scrap and bit stick on - a button , a safety pin , a badge . shai ( cont ’d ) ( call out to he ) be this you parent ? arun hand she a mug of tea , and settles against the window again , stand awkwardly while shai settles into a chair . arun look at the painting , and nod , with a half smile . shai ( cont ’d ) so you father be in the army , be he ? arun yeah . shai do they live with you ? arun no , in Wellington . its in Tamil Nadu . shai tell I do you usually live like this , out of box ?! arun no , I be move house . shai really ? why ? arun lease have run out . shai oh ... so you have find another place have you ? 14 . arun yeah . shai you know I find you open last night quite a experience . be they all like that , this art event ? arun shrug . shai ( cont ’d ) my mom love this arty dos ! she 's quite a collector . we have a lot of art at home . in fact we be run short of wall ! ( no reply forthcoming ) have you always live in bombay ? arun no . be here eight year now . they sit in silence for a while . shai be you hang over ? arun no . shai you be so quiet today ... arun look distinctly on edge . shai ( cont ’d ) hey , be something wrong ? arun look away . arun well , actually ... shai , I be sorry about last night . I be so drunk , and ... shai be take aback . shai hey ... what be you sorry about ? do not be sorry , I have a great time ! arun no , actually I be a quite a loner , I keep to myself and I do not normally ... 13 15 . shai hey , it 's cool . I be glad you do not normally do this ! I mean , hey ! I do not either ! I guess we share something with each other which be ... I do not know .. special . arun no what I mean be , I be not the '' relationship '' type at all , so I be sorry if I somehow lead you to believe it be something more long ... shai more serious than a shag ? she get up and start put she thing into she bag , ready to leave . arun look , shai I be sorry .. shai will you stop fuck apologize ? jeez !! arun no , shai I ... shai hey , I have no idea what 's go on in you head , okay , and I be not sure I want to know . she turn and open the door . arun shai ! she stop and turn around . they look at each other . arun look distraught . she relent . shai arun , you know what , it 's cool . take care . see you around . she give he a false smile and shut the door behind she . he 's leave stare at the close door . int . landing outside arun 's apartment - day 13 shai be wait at the elevator , angry tear welling up in she eye . 14 15 16 . she press the call button , then jab it several time angrily , then hit it say '' shit ! '' and hurry down the stair . as she disappear the lift reach the landing , and munna emerge with a bundle of clothes , hum a tune . int . landing outside arun 's apartment - day ( cont ’d ) 14 arun open the door with a expectant expression , which fall when he see munna . he scan the landing behind munna , then turn back disappointed . munna be smile , like he 's use to arun be vague . arun munna . aao . munna walk in , open the bundle and carefully place the wash and irone clothes on the one available clear surface . munna saab kapde ?.. saab ? arun ( distract , think ) huh ?.. er haan ... oh nahin , munna main kuch din mein ghar badli kar raha hoon . vahan aayega to ? munna haan kyun nahin , saab . aap address likh ke do , main dhoond lega . arun smile at he with affection . ext . gateway of india - day ( d.v. footage ) 15 the digital camera be shoot the gateway , as tourist mill around take photo . the camera be handheld and there 's a man , around 30 , talk on a cell phone wear dark glass a little distance away who seem like he be with she . girl ( 0.c. ) ( whisper ) yeh gateway of India . sabse mashoor jagah hai , bombay mein . the man finish he call and walk up to she . 17 . man chalein ? girl ( 0.c. ) chaliye ... ek minute ! ek photo to le lein ek saath , imran bahut khush hoga . man ( impatient ) arre ab kise poochenge ? chhodo . a man have be hover around they , try to sell they postcard . postcard man madam postcard ? Lovely lovely picture - gateway of India , v.t. Station , rajabhai Tower , High Court , only twenty rupee , madam . good price madam . you like ? girl ( 0.c. ) bhaiyya humara photo lenge ? postcard man haan dikhao . kaise lene ka ? he take the camera as its roll . girl ( 0.c. ) Bas humare taraf karo . dikhai dete hain hum ? we see a pretty young girl , 22 , run over to the man and pose next to he . postcard man haan . very nice ! now smile please ! okay . she walk over and take it back . postcard man ( cont ’d ) madam , please take postcard . bohni ho jayegi madam , aapki jodi salamat rahe , sirf bee rupay mein dus postcard madam , best quality ke . be daam mein aapko kahin nahi ... the camera be switch off . 16 17 18 . ext . build under construction - day 16 selva and the other worker take a break to eat some lunch . they sit in rag group , with they child around they , wear they work clothes and eat with chalky hand . int . shai 's apartment - day 17 shai be on the phone in she affluent worli seaface apartment , loung in a chair in she balcony overlook the sea . shai no , I guess you be right , but I do not know , pesi . I really think he be special , you know , we really get on the night before , and have such deep discussion .. and ... the doorbell ring . she ignore it . shai ( cont ’d ) you know , about stuff ... art , money , bombay , and ... ( laugh ) ok , yes , great sex ! really good sex ... well basically Dale and I leave it open end , so that 's not so much that , but its just I be so mix up in my head right now , you know ?... no but it be not just the sex , you know pes .. it ring again . shai ( cont ’d ) ( shouting in the direction of the door ) agnes ! ( back into the mouthpiece ) its just that it seem like there be something more there , you know ? I mean we slow dance , for chrissake ! who do that this day !.. the doorbell ring again . she make a sound of irritation and get up to open it . she talk as she open the door . 19 . shai ( cont ’d ) like he be really into I the night before , he be really intense ... hold on a sec . the door open to munna , carry a bundle of clothes . shai look at he blankly . shai ( cont ’d ) yes ? munna Main , dhobi . shai oh. accha . andar aao . agnes ! pesi , babe I be go to have to call you back , this dhobi guy be at the door and agnes have disappear on I ... yeah soon . I promise ! okay , bye ! they head in . shai look a bit lose , but munna be familiar with the routine . he unty the bundle and place the neat pile on the side board . munna barah kapde the . gin lijiye . shai begin to count they ( arun 's shirt be among they ) when she see she white art open shirt look a pale blue . she pull it out . shai oh my god ! yeh .. yeh to neel ho gaya ! munna madam uspe bada daag tha , to thoda bleach karna pada .. shai oh shit ! Maine agnes ko bolna chahiye tha , ise laundry mein dena tha ! its completely fuck , now ! munna 's face fall . he put he hand out to take it back . munna dijiye , main theek karke deta hoon . shai nahin , nahin , god know what colour it ’11l become next ! 18 munna madam . galti ho gayi , main theek kar ke dete hoon . she look at he and realize that he be feel hurt , and feel guilty for be so rude . she give it back to he , and look at he as if for the first time as he turn to go . shai hey , aapka naam kya hai ? munna mun.. er , Zohaib . shai Zohaib , main shai ... I be but he 's go . int . the flat - day ( d.v. footage ) on the video camera its raining . grey day , and the sound of pour rain . the camera catch shot of people hugging the shade of the awning , while some be brave the downpour with umbrella and raincoat . Men on cycle cause a wave and get some healthy abuse from the victim . then a car come and do even more damage . girl ( 0.c . ) ( softly ) yahan ki baarish bilkul alag hai . na kabhi kum hoti hai , to rukne ka naam let hai , bas girti jaati hai . sshhhhhh .... raat ko iski awaaz jaisi lori ho , jo hume gher let hai apne seene mein . bagal vaalon ki tv bhi nahin sunai deti ! par mujhe bura lagta hai bai ke liye , jiska saara ghar paani se bhar jaata hai . kehti hai use ek ek mug paani utha utha kar bahar phenkna padta hai ... after a moment the camera catch a familiar car pull up by the curb . girl ( 0.c. ) ( cont ’d ) ( softly ) ab main chali , lagta hai voh a gaye . khaana garam karna hai aur rote banani hai . aaj maine chukander gosht banai hai , jo ammi not sikhai thi ! dekhte hain unhein pasand aata hai ya nahin . ( more ) 20 . 18 19 20 21 21. girl ( 0.c. ) ( cont ’d ) phir hum thodi tv dekhenge , kyunki yeh zyada bolte nahin hain . I hope ki tv par koi acchi film a rahi hai ... the camera be switch off . ext . dhobi ghat - day 19 there 's busy activity . salim be sit next to where munna be wash clothes . he be talk on he cell phone , its some kind of property deal . munna look through the clothes . shai 's white one be right on top . he notice a cool stripe shirt in the pile . he look at the size , it seem right , so he put it aside . he pick up shai 's shirt and look at it with concentration . int . the flat ( a ) - day 20 arun have finish unpack . the apartment have be freshly paint . all the furniture be go barring a large dining table in the corner , on which arun have put he computer and lot of book . siddheswari devi be sing thumri on he computer . in the draw room there be two hook for fan , but only one have a fan . there 's a stack of carton that he carry around look for a loft . he find one , pull a stool and try to open it . its stick fast . he get a screwdriver and hammer and chip it open . in the light of he torch he find a couple of break piece of furniture and a small cloth potli . this he throw on the ground , and stuff the carton in . he sit at the table and open the cloth potli . in it there 's a photograph of a girl ( 16 ) and boy ( 10 ) with a old lady , all smile in a studio against a background of a garden with tulip . there 's also a old surme daani , a ring on a chain and three dv tape . the tape have write on they spine - pehli chitthi , doosri chitthi and teesri chitthi , along with yasmin noor on each . int . circus - day 21 shai be take picture of the circus artist from the wing . it seem like a impoverish troupe , and the clown be not very funny . even the child be not laugh . the artist be so keen to pose for shai , one of they ( a juggler ) forget he cue . they tell she how the circus have lose its shine without the animal . there 's also a wonder Dog , a old pomeranian who stand on he hind leg and balance a ball on he head . 22 22. she give one - woof and two - woof answer to question the comic dog trainer ask she . dog trainer toh bolo , sweety , uncle ko aunty se pyaar hai ki nahin ? the dog answer with one woof , and the crowd titter . dog trainer ( cont ’d ) arre ! kaise ho sakta hai ! phir se socho , sweety ! yeh mamla gambhir ho sakta hai ! sach sach bolo nahin to aaj uncle ki jamke pitai hogi ! sweety the Dog be uninterested , and scratch vigorously behind she ear and at some escape flea on she back . dog trainer ( cont ’d ) come on , sweety , good girl ! telling the truth , ok ? no lie . do the uncle and aunty have love together ? sweety give two woof . the crowd clap . the Dog trainer bow and give she a good pat . pesi Babe , please . I can not deal . shai pesi , tell I you be not loving this ?! pesi fix shai with a ' look 's . shai laugh . shai ( cont ’d ) okay , we will leave in a minute . a movie on I after this , okay ? int . the flat ( a ) - night 22 arun be on the phone . the flat look like its in order . arun rakesh , yeh jo koi pehle rehte the to yahan , unka kuch saaman reh gaya ... kuch tape , ek anguthi... nahin chandi ki ... kyun , makaan malik ko de do to ... accha voh log poochenge to ?... theek hai yaar , phenk deta hoon . par baad mein maangna mat ... chalo . he disconnect , then look around and walk to the window . 23 23. in the flat across from he the lady be cooking dinner . the tv seem to be on there , and a young boy run in with another boy , talk to she and run out . on the other side , he see a building under construction ( which be where selva work ) . there be a big light on and worker be still work . he look around at he new space . he pick up he draw book and sketches a bit of the view from he window / doodle , then get up , stretch and look around . he see the stuff from the potli on the table . he pick up the photo and look at it . there 's a great warmth in the face bath in clear light . he pick up the tape and look at the cover , turn it around in he hand . int . multiplex - night 23 munna stand in the foyer of a theatre with two smartly dress girl . he be wear the cool stripe shirt we see he hold up earlier , and be toy with he cell phone , try to look casual . salim come up to they balance two bag of popcorn and a coke . smart girl one salim , hum itna popcorn nahin kha paenge ! salim kisne kaha tum log ke liye hai ? salim and munna laugh . salim hand one of the girl a bag of popcorn and the girl laugh as well . smart girl two ( to munna ) toh kaun se college mein padte ho ? munna Main .. college nahin jata . salim arre college ke liye kiske paa time hai ! aur yeh munna filmon mein kaam karta hai . the girl look very impressed . munna stare at he , but play along with aplomb . smart girl one ( a bit disbely ) accha ? kaun kaun si filmein kee hain ? munna Maine .. er , ek picture aayi thi , sanjay dutt ke saath , jiska naam ... 24 25 24 , just then he spot shai come towards the entrance with pesi ( who go off towards the counter to buy they some popcorn ) , and he try to turn away so she do not see he . but she do and she come right over . shai Zohaib right ? hi! munna er..hi . shai kaun si film dekhne aaye ho ? munna yehi , '' partner '' .. shai hum bhi vahi dekhne ja rahe hain . mera life mein yeh first hindi movie hai ! chalo , bye ! as she head in to the theatre , salim turn to munna with a raise eyebrow . munna 's stock value appear to have appreciate . salim Zohaib ? munna er.. meri friend hai be , shai . they all begin to head in to the movie hall . salim ( knowingly , teasing ) achhaa ! meri friend shai , huh ?.. tu andar chal , beta , main leta hoon teri class ! int . cinema theatre - moment later 24 munna 's eye follow shai as she and pesi find they seat . salim notice this and smile . the light go down . int . the flat - day ( d.v. footage ) 25 there 's black on the screen . then static . then a very mess up image . the digital camera be look around a room . its a bed room . the man sit on the bed be the same one we have see in the video and photograph . 26 25 . girl ( 0.c . ) yeh on ho gaya hai kya ? man lal batti jal rahi hai ? haan , ab record ho raha hai . the man be sit on a bed , look at a phone book , while the girl with the camera walk towards he . girl ( 0.c. ) arre vah ! ( giggle ) kuch kahiye to ! aap ka photoo le rahi hoon ! man ( disinterested ) kya kahoon ? girl ( 0.c. ) Bas hasiye !... yeh to bahot accha hai ! ( pan around the room , go to the dress table mirror and we see she , the same girl as in the photograph ) bilkul badhiya hai ! par ek baat bataiye , yeh hum imran ko bhejenge kaise ? hum to photo bhejna chah rahe the , hum dono ki . the man be deep in think , not really listen , leaf through he book . girl ( 0.c. ) ( cont ’d ) yeh tape dekh sakenge voh , apni tv pe ? man hmmm . the man get up and leave the room , hold the phone book open at one page . the image cut . int . the flat - day ( d.v. footage ) 26 static and drop out . come on again with the girl walk to the sofa after put the camera on , and this time she be look very pretty , all dress up and very excited . girl salaam aleikum , imran bhai ! sab khairiyat ? ( more ) 27 28 26 . girl ( cont 'd ) humne kaha tha to , hum apni photo bhejenge ? par humare paa camera nahin hai , to unhone yeh video vali dilai . to humne socha hum yehi bhej denge , aap apne tv pe dekh lena ! ammi aur abbajaan ko bhi dikhana !.. Main kaisi lag rahi hoon ? bilkul vaisi to ? bombay not ab tak to badla nahin mujhe , main vahi yasmin hoon !.. ab to aapke exam shuru hone wale hain do hafton mein . khoob padhna , bhaijaan , phir acche nambar paakar idhar aajana . aap itne saalon se bombay aana chahte the . ab main hoon yahan , khoob mazaa karenge ! bhel puri khayenge , juhu beach jayenge !.. Main soch rahi thi ki main isi video se aapko thoda bombay ki sair karati hoon ! kyun , hai to accha idea ? ( the doorbell ring ) accha abhi ke liye khuda haafiz ! she go over and switch it off . static . int . the flat ( a ) - moment later 27 we see arun sit there with the camera connect to the tv , look amaze . he turn off the tv and look around he . the same room , the same dining table . he realize that yasmin live in this very house . he be intrigue by that , and start think about it . int . local train - night 28 its the late night train from churchgate to .» munna and salim be sit in a almost empty compartment . salim be clearly high and emotional . salim nahin meri baat sun . tu mera bhai jaisa hai . Main nahin chahta ki tujhe kuch ho jaye . tu apna ye kaam chhod de .. Main teri dekh bhaal karoonga ! munna grin and roll he eye . salim ( cont ’d ) tu sochta hai main joke ? no I not joke ! amma ki kasam . life mein bas tu aur meri amma , only two people I be like ! 29 29 munna accha ? aur mallika ? salim kaun ? munna mallika be , sherawat ! teri favorite ! salim haan , also mallika . only three people I be like . munna laugh . salim ( cont ’d ) huh ? tu hasta hai ? I really serious , brother ! accha bata , kaun thi voh ? kya , shai , to ? munna arre klayen hai be meri . salim klayen matlab ? munna uske ghar mein kapda deta hoon . salim ( teasingly ) accha ? kitni acchi tarah se jaanta hai ? munna chhod to yaar ! bakwaas karta hai ! munna get up and walk to the door of the compartment . the city rush by , in pool of dark and light and neon . salim ( 0.c. ) arre kahan jata hai ! isme sharmane ki kya baat hai ? matlab ab tak sirf kapde deta hai , utarta to nahin hai ! ( begin sing a love song ) munna smile and look out . int . shai 's apartment - night shai be in she dark room - a convert bathroom - where she hand process and print picture . 27 . 29 29 29 30 28. she put down some negative to process , then pull off a picture that 's hang on the line to dry . its a black and white picture of arun look out of a window , big building behind he in profile , he eye focuss on something distant , something unknown . the phone in the house ring and go onto answer machine . its she boyfriend Dale from New York . dale ( a little crackly hello ?.. this be Dale from New York for shai ... shai , I guess you be not around . I try you cell phone too . just want to tell you I be back from Japan and check on you place . the house be okay , the sublet be pretty careful and stuff . and kubla be just fine , stella 's be feed she and everything , if anything she 's fatter ! ...and ... listen , I want to say that I have love to talk to you ... I do not know if you be ready to talk , but ... I miss you , and I be sorry that thing turn out the way they do ... I think of you a lot and wonder sometimes if I make the right decision . anyway ... hope this time out be help ... talk to you soon . bye .. we see she in the well appoint kitchen , look in the 29 B fridge for something to eat . there 's food in different dish , but she spot a large watermelon on the counter . she chop it with a large knife , get juice all over she , and begin to cut wedge out . she be sit on the bar stool in the kitchen eat watermelon . the tv be on ( a small one on a high swivel ) and she be watch a game show where contestant who be eliminate be cry and its all very dramatic / a soap where frantic zoom -in to woman with yard - long sindoor match the dramatic score . ext . build under construction - night 30 one bright light illuminate the top of the building where work still continue . we worker be lay brick and cement ( or some work ) , and one can see the light of suburban bombay around they . 31 32 29 . int . the flat ( a ) - morning 31 arun wake up with a crick in he neck . he have fall asleep watch the video , the tv be still on and he have the remote in he lap . daylight stream into the flat . he get up , stretch and go over to the window . he can see the same lady in the flat opposite , except she son be almost a teenager now . the lady be instruct the may now , and she have henna in she hair . its a Sunday morning , and thing be relaxed . arun look radiant , charge in a way . he turn to the tv thoughtfully , look at the house with new eye . then he put the kettle on for tea . int . shai 's apartment - day 32 shai be hold up she shirt which have the stain . its a spotless white , as good as new . she turn and smile . munna avoid she gaze , but one can tell he 's pleased . shai chai loge ? munna nod , try to look casual . agnes who be stand near the two of they look take aback at the exchange . shai ( cont ’d ) agnes , please do cup chai banana ? agnes leave , not at all happy . shai walk to the balcony , gesture to he to follow . munna look around the house . see himself in a mirror , and adjust he hair . he wear a cute Doors t shirt . they sit in chair on the balcony and look out to sea . shai 's camera be on a table , which she have take apart . shai ( cont ’d ) ( point to he t shirt ) you like the Doors ? munna smile and nod like he know what she be talk about . there 's a little awkward pause . munna aap photographer hain ? 30 . shai nahin , bas photo lena pasand hai ! Main bank ka kaam karti hoon . America mein . munna America chhod ke kyun aai ? America yahan se bohot aage hai , to . shai yeh kisne kaha ? kucch area mein , haan definitely aage hai .. lekin ... shai think about it , and nod slowly , with ambivalence . munna shrug . munna cluck shai ( cont ’d ) tum bombay se ho ? munna nahin , bihar . darbhanga zilla . shai tum kyun aaye bombay ? munna Pet bharne , aur kis liye aane ka idhar . shai Sara family yahan hai ? munna nahin main akela aaya . aath saal ka tha . chacha ke saath rehne aaya . shai jaate ho vaapas , milne ? munna nahin , kabhi nahin gaya . shai kyun ? shai ( cont ’d ) unki yaad nahin aati ? he tongue in a negative . shai ( cont ’d ) ghar pe accha nahin lagta tha kya ? 31 . munna theek tha . par khaane ko kam milta tha . bahut bhook lagti thi , har vaqt bhook . Main jab bambai aaya , to chacha not pehle hotel mein kaam dilvaya . vahan mein khoob khata tha - khana bhi aur thappad bhi ! shai laugh at the joke . munna be pleased . shai par vahan kya farming ... kya kehte hain ... kheti nahin thi tum logon ki ? munna nahin hamare paa zameen nahin hai . hamara jaat chamaar hai . shai nod , processing what that mean . munna think for a moment and then decide he should ask . munna ( cont ’d ) aap mera photo le sakti hain ? shai kya ? sure . she reach for the camera . munna nahin , nahin ! aisa nahin . aap portfolio photo le sakte hain ? shai kyun ? model banna hai kya ? shai say it jokingly , then realize that he be serious . munna nahin actor banne ka hai . shai accha ... haan , main try kar sakti hoon ... I have never really do that sort of thing . munna kya cheez ? shai Main le sakti hoon , sure . munna look pleased . 32 . shai ( cont ’d ) but tumhe mere liye kuch karna padega . mujhe tumhara photo chahiye , tum jab apna kaam kar raha hai . munna kya kaam ? shai arre dhobi ka , what else . okay ? he nod , happy . agnes come in with one glass and one mug of tea . shai look at she pointedly , and take the glass , give munna the mug . agnes also hold up a shirt which be arun 's , shaking it at munna . agnes eh munna , yeh kaun sa shirt laaya hai ? saab bole unka nahin hai . Zara dhyaan se kapde diya karo .. at the same time both shai and munna speak . shai oh yeh mera hai ... munna arre yeh to arun saab ka hai ... shai look at munna in amazement . shai tum arun ko jaante ho ? artist arun ? munna haan . shai to tumhe maloom hai ki uska new house kahan par hai ? munna haan . shai mujhe dikhaoge please , mujhe yeh shirt return karna hai ... munna laiye main de deta hoon ... shai no , mujhe use surprise karne ka hai . 33 34 35 33. munna nod , understandingly . shai ( cont ’d ) tumhara naam munna hai ? munna haan . aap mujhe bula sakti hain . munna grin at she . they be friend . agnes look disgust . ext . STREET outside oval - day ( d.v. footage ) 33 yasmin be walk through the oval , shoot the rajabhai clock tower , the High Court and University . in a later cut we see the tall building at nariman Point . yasmin itni oonchi imartein ! pata nahin in logon ko dar kaise nahin lagta ! yeh sab daftar hain , aur log subah subah train , bus , gaadi le kar pahunch jaate hain . saat baje se raaston par itni gadiyan ! yahan to kaam nau baje shuru ho jaata hai ! vahan ke tarah nahin , jahan nau baje khalujaan apni pehli pyali chai ki mangatey hain ! int . the flat ( a ) - night 34 arun be sit in front of the tv , watch the tape . ext . arun 's build - night 35 shai and pesi be sit in shai 's car , and pesi be try to roll a joint . shai pes , you have so totally forget how to roll a joint , we ’1ll have to smoke the floormat ! pesi that 's why I do coke ! it 's so much easier ! and anyway why be we here since you claim that you be not really into he ? 34 . shai slump back in she seat and sigh deeply . shai who know . there 's something we leave unfinish I think . pesi ooh a couple of position you do not try ?! ( shai glare at he ) so go to , up there and ring he doorbell . shai I can not . I .. I do not really know he . and who know , he may have someone up there with he . pesi very possible . this artist type get lot of action , huh . though he 's a bit of a dark horse . and he life also in this slightly crummy part of town . shai look around . there 's a building under construction opposite arun 's , and it say '' edulji development '' on the asbestos sheet around the property . selva walk out and see they in they park car . shai oh , this be one of we building . pesi really ? well I guess this area be get posher then . oh , wait , there he be . be not that he ? shai jerk up , then with a squawk duck down and watch as arun walk down the road , lose in he thought . pesi ( cont ’d ) what ? what happen ? shai ( whisper ) get down ! he 'il see we ! pesi he 's not that cute also , huh . shai sshhh ! 36 37 38 35 . she watch as arun walk down the road , and at one point go into a udipi restaurant that 's open late . shai ( cont ’d ) come on pes , let go there . pesi what ? to that madrasi joint ? no thanks , it 's pure veg type , idli saambar and all . shai ufff , who 's go for the food ? pesi I be , baba . I can not do all this 007 - giri on a empty stomach , huh . a nice steak be in order . I have already get the munchy ! what say ? come to . forget this nonsense . I will find you a hot parsi boy , ney , bahu saaru , who will be Oxford educate and filthy rich , who will take you for holiday in belize and St. Tropez , be a so-so lover but well verse in nietzsche and opera .... all this as shai glare at he , and pesi hand she a light joint and drive off into the bombay night . int . munna 's room - night 36 munna be work out on the mat . he 's do crunch , lift dumbbell etc . the night life of the slum colony carry on in the background . his cat come in , sit and groom herself . int . arun' apartment - night ( dream ) 37 shai dream of arun . the sequence be abstract , with visual of they lovemake , read a book together , shai trace he backbone , all layer on with paint . a visual collage . int . local train - day ( d.v. footage ) 38 yasmin be in a pack train at rush hour . the woman have no sympathy for she camera , and the frame be shove around . 39 36 . she lift the camera up till it be at head level , and she get a wide angle close of the woman shove up against she . they be not amused . one of they give she a baleful look . irritate lady kya ? kya shoot karta hai ? huh ? yasmin kuch nahin . bombay mein nayi hoon , to ... irritate lady to kya ? yeh sab allow nahi hai maloom ? other lady get interested . they be not as discouraging . nice lady naya hai ? bombay dekhne aaya hai ? yasmin haan . nice lady dekho , dekho ! dekhna to free hai to ! she pan around the compartment , fill with woman on they way to work . some read , some sleep , other praying . a station come , and a surge of woman enter give yasmin no room to film . the camera be turn off . int . shai 's car on the street - day 39 munna be dress in natty clothes but he do not look happy . shai 's driver drive through madden traffic , as munna look sullenly out of the window . shai kya problem hai , munna ? munna Main chahta tha studio mein karenge , vahi accha rahega . shai Studio bohut artificial lagta hai , baba , yeh better rahega ki main natural photo loon . munna to kya raste pe lenge ? 40 37 . shai haan , natural , jaise tum chal ke ja rahe ho , kahin khade ho , kahin baithe ho ... munna arre , nahin nahin ! aap please studio mein lo to ! Main kharcha bharta hoon ! shai arre kharche ki baat thodi hai . yeh sabke portfolio se different hoga , bohut fresh hoga ! munna bhai hume fresh -vresh nahin chaiye ! aapko lena aata hai ya nahin model photo ? shai be force to laugh despite she irritation , and she take out she phone . shai ashish ?... hey ... listen , I need you help , man . int . photo studio - day 40 its a small run-down studio with a few umbrella light , use mainly for portfolio . a couple of studio hand look at they suspiciously . shai put she kit down and look around . she see all the photography light that be trigger by the flash which she be totally unfamiliar with . shai aapke paa koi light hai jo on rehta hai ? not flash ? they go off and get she some basic light . she sigh , feel out of she depth , but see munna with he expectant expression she perk up for he sake . shai ( cont ’d ) chalo munna , let get start ! montage : munna smile , munna look like the sweet boy - next - door , munna with typical ' hero 's expression ... at some point she take the old wooden chair that the attendant be sit on and make munna do thing with it . shai ( cont ’d ) munna , ab smile mat karo , just seedha idhar dekho .. haan , better . ( more ) 41 42 43 38 . shai ( cont ’d ) ab thoda sa sir ghumao , nahin we taraf , haan very good .. she look at she result . he look very good with the unsmile , sexy expression . shai ( cont ’d ) accha , aur koi T shirt hai ? yeh bohut bright hai .. munna nahin ... main T shirt utar doon ? shai ok , utaro , try karte hain . he peel off he T shirt . he have a beautiful body . its suddenly harder for shai to give instruction , she find he very attractive . she take a whole series of he , in beautiful half light . int . the flat ( a ) - day 41 arun be watch the tape and look like he have not move from where he be for the past few day . int . yasmin 's flat landing - day ( d.v. footage ) 42 yasmin be filming the lady in the flat next to hers , a old lady who do not speak or appear to move , who sit with she chair face the door . yasmin ( to the lady ) hello aunty ! how be you ? ( whisper into the mike ) imran yeh mere flat ki bagal vali flat mein rehti hain . pata nahin kyun yeh kuch nahin kehti . nahi unke chehere ka rukh kabhi badalta hai . kuch hua hoga inke saath . bechaari . int . the flat ( a ) - moment later 43 arun 's cell phone ring . arun pick up the phone . arun hi vatsala . 39 . vatsala hello stranger . which floor do you live on ? arun what do you mean ? fourth floor . why ? vatsala mangal nivas , to ? arun ya , why ? vatsala tell I do you speak to Andy Lau after that day , like I have ask you to ? arun no , V , I just have not have the time ... I mean to but ... the bell ring , and arun jump with a start and turn off the tape in a hurry . he open the door to vatsala as she say , vatsala so , what have you be up to ? she grin at he guilty expression , and walk past he into the house . she see the paraphernalia of the tape around the tv . vatsala ( cont ’d ) ha , should have know , hole up at home watch porn ! arun no , no , mad or what . vatsala then what be that ? arun some stuff . vatsala ( teasing ) what stuff ? huh ? why be so cagey ? arun I be not be cagey . its just some ... research material . 44 40 . vatsala walk over and pick up a tape and start read the spine . vatsala '' pehli chi . . '' arun grab it back from she . she lunge and pick up another and start read it as he struggle with she to get it back . arun stop it V , give it back ! vatsala who 's ' yasmin noor 's ? a small chase ensue . finally arun pin she down in the kitchen and wrest it from she . they be in a intimate lock . vatsala reach forward to kiss he , but he move back . vatsala ( cont ’d ) what ? not in the mood ? he walk out of the kitchen . she 's leave there , thoughtful . int . restaurant - later 44 vatsala and arun wait as they order come . arun be in he own world , fold he serviette into neat triangle . vatsala we do not sell much . arun nod . vatsala ( cont ’d ) the market be a little slow , but I be hope we have do better . this slot at the Singapore biennale better work out ... you okay ? arun ya . never be better . vatsala you hardly talk to anyone at the show . except that girl with pesi . who be she ? 41 . arun oh shai . she 's ... I do not know , a banker or something . vatsala oh shai ... she 's pravin edulji 's daughter . pravin buy more art than anyone I know last year . I hope you charme she ? he lift up he serviette and its a bird . arun this be much easier to do with paper . vatsala you do not ask I why I come . arun why do you come ? vatsala I have wangle a show for you . guess where . arun be busy fold . vatsala ( cont ’d ) Sydney . arun look up , suddenly interested . vatsala smile triumphantly . vatsala ( cont ’d ) I want to surprise you ! there 's this gallery I have be in touch with about medha 's work and gagan 's work , and with it I slip in a catalogue of you work . they seem to really like it ! they want to open they India section with you ! arun seem very happy . vatsala ( cont ’d ) this will launch you internationally ! I be so excited ! arun so will I get to go ? vatsala tsk , of course arun , duh ! where be you ? it will be fabulous ! we 'il be on the world map ! 45 42 . arun sober down at the ' we '. vatsala ( cont ’d ) and of course you will get to see shiv . how old must he be by now ? arun think and calculate . then grin broadly . arun almost six . and he place a napkin-airplane in front of she . int . shai 's apartment - day 45 munna be look at print of picture that shai have take . shai be look at he and he reaction . he be look at the picture very carefully . shai to ? tumhe mera kaam kaisa laga ? accha laga ? munna ab main kya boloon . mujhe to bohut badhiya laga . shai great ! thank heaven . chai ? munna nod a yes and she gesture to he to follow she . he follow she to the kitchen , look around he at the house . shai put a kettle on and take out tea bag and mug . shai ( cont ’d ) tum mere first client ho , to main nervous thi ! munna nahin , aap ka kaam to badhiya hai . ( pause ) par aap bhi batao ... shai kya ? munna nahin ... main aapko kaisa lagta hoon ? she look up at he . 43. munna ( cont ’d ) photo mein ... shai er ... mujhe to bohut acche lage . see this one .. and this .. I prefer this attitude . munna nod like he understand . munna matlab aapko lagta hai mere liye koi chance hai ? shai hand he the tea . shai of course chance hai . jab tum famous actor ban jaoge , mujhe yaad rakhna , ok ? munna smile . shai ( cont ’d ) haan , aur ab tumko mujhe le jaana padega . dhobi ghat . munna smile in acquiescence . he look around the draw room they be sit in . there 's assort photograph of shai and she brother veer with she parent . munna yeh aapka bhai hai ? shai nod . munna ( cont ’d ) Vo bhi America rehta hai ? shai nod . munna think for a long while . munna ( cont ’d ) Main bhi America jaana chahta hoon . inshallah main bhi jaoonga ek din . shai in-sha-allah ... ( turn it around on she tongue ) munna grin at she and nod . munna inshallah . 46 44 , ext . market - night ( d.v. footage ) 46 the digital camera be on in a crowded market ( Crawford / Mohammed Ali Road / null bazaar ) , where bulb hang outside street stall pile high with dry fruit , clothes , ' farsan 's , and then bangle . the camera stop at the bangle seller , and attempt to get through the thick of girl try on the disc of colour . she finally reach the front , and we see the spread of design and colour . the bangle seller be not the very patient kind . bangle seller haan , bibiji , kya dikhaoon ?... kaanch ke chahiye ?... arre main nikalta hoon bibiji , aap bas dikhaiye kaun sa ! meanwhile yasmin be pull out the one she like . the bangle seller be curious about she camera , as be the other girl there . they smile at she and giggle when she turn towards they . bangle seller ( cont ’d ) kya tv ka program hai ? hain ? yasmin yeh vale kitne ke hain ? bangle seller yeh chhatee rupay darzen . laiye main pehna doon ..? yasmin ( whisper into the mike ) baap be ! suna imran ! ( to the bangle seller ) nahin bhaiyya , nahin chahiye , bohot mehenge hain . bangle seller arre kya baat kar rahi hain , bibiji , yeh to sabse saste hain ! chaliye thoda kam kar dete hain . pehen ke dekhiye to sahi ... haan madam , kaun se ? yeh vale ?.. there 's much fumble with the camera as she put on the bangle . then she lift they up to the lens . they look so pretty in the light . she shake she hand and they clink and wink in frame . night life bustles around she . 47 48 49 50 45 . int . the flat ( a ) - night 47 cut to the tv on which the footage be play . arun press stop , make a sort of postcard image of the place and begin to pace excitedly around the room . he take out a piece of paper and begin to draw on it . his phone ring , but he ignore it . he rewind and watch the section again . ext . build under construction - night 48 shai be watch arun through she camera lens from a vantage point of a building terrace opposite . she train she lens at he , watch as he watch yasmin on he tv , sometimes go very close to the tv screen , he expression , he pour himself a drink , smoking a cigarette ... we see selva and a few other , skulking about behind she , try to see what she 's do , but she turn to look at they , and they shuffle off . her phone ring . shai hi dadda ... yes I be here , that guy , what 's he name ? you site manager ? I think its hari or something , work it out for I ... yes its great thanks pop , I be get some great shot ... ext . road near the dhobi ghat - night 49 munna be walk along and admire he picture . he hum and break into a song , sing to he photo as he lover . he be very happy . ext . dhobi ghat - day 50 photograph of munna wash clothes at the dhobi ghat . the photograph document the whole process of wash ( soaking , bleach , beat on the stone , etc ) , drying on the line by the sea , irone , and the bundle of clothes take to people 's home . a photo montage , while we also see how munna be try to impress shai , and how she be charme by this . shai also talk to some other dhobis who tell she the problem in they trade . 51 52 46 . int . build lift - day 51 in a small , cramped lift in a south bombay apartment building , munna , shai and the dour , bored elevator attendant be head upwards . shai be take picture of munna , while the lift man watch curiously . he can not stop stare at shai and particularly at she chest . munna see he do this . munna kya dekh raha hai ? liftman huh ? munna kya dekh raha hai ? liftman camera dekh raha hoon . munna aage dekh , bolta hoon . camera pehle nahin dekha hai kya ? liftman accha tujhe kya , main kahan bhi dekhoon ? munna ( stand in front of shai protectively , threaten tone ) mujhe hai . tu aage dekh bolta hoon . the lift man look in front reluctantly , pick he tooth with a pen . int . build landing - later 52 munna ring a doorbell . shai look at munna as they wait . he be still irritate by the impertinence of the lift man . the door be open by a young girl , who look surprised to see shai . she put she hand out to take the clothes . munna madam ko bolo yeh kapde lete hue photo lena chahti hai . 53 47 . she leave the door open and disappear into the flat . a couple of moment later the lady of the house come to the door . she eye munna in a proprietary way and shai with displeasure . munna ( cont ’d ) yeh kapde lene ka photo lena chahti hai . madam kyun ? tu andar a . shai ma ’am , I be shoot he at work , you know from wash to deliver , so if you do not mind can I shoot he hand over the clothes ?.. the lady give she a barb look , and walk away say to the may over she shoulder : madam Le le kapde . shai shoot the may take the clothes in the hall , bring the soile one , note it down in a book and munna tie they up in a bundle . as they turn to go , the may stop munna . maid madam not tumko andar bulaya hai . munna ( brusquely , embarrassed ) bolna aaj main jaldi mein hoon , kal parson aake milta hoon . they leave . int . build landing - moment later 53 they stand wait for the lift . munna look up into the lift shaft restlessly , clearly avoid talk about the lady . shai baap be , aise dekh rahi thi jaise mujhe maar dena chahti thi ! munna ( short laugh , avoid look at she ) chodiye use ! 48 . shai par voh shayad tumhe nahin chodegi ! munna be bett with embarrassment , and the lift arrive to relieve he . they get in and descend . 54 int . the flat ( a ) - day 54 arun take out the tape that say '' doosri chitthi '' , put it on and settles down to watch with a pad and a pen . 55 int . the flat - day ( d.v. footage ) 55 a skinny young maharashtrian bai be stand face camera . she look uncomfortable . yasmin ( 0o.c . ) haan , ab thoda haso to bai ! bai ( mutter , shuffle ) kaay tumi ... yasmin ( 0o.c . ) arre haso to ! tumhare sundar daat to dikhao ! chota smile , please ! please ! bai ( laugh by now ) kya tum karta hai ! she reveal a magnificent set of buck tooth / front tooth miss . yasmin ( 0o.c . ) aur vanitha kidhar hai ? vanitha , saamne aao ! arre aao to , kuch nahin hota .. a young girl ( 14 year ) come and shyly stand next to she mother , giggle . yasmin ( 0.c. ) ( cont ’d imran bhai , yeh hain latabai aur unki beti , vanitha ! ( to they ) mere bhai ko hello bolo ! latabat Pan kidhar hai tumhara bhai ? the bai vanitha 49 , vanitha Te camera make hello bolnaar , didi photo record karoon pataite tenala bhaukade . latabai ohh ... yasmin ( 0o.c . ) vah , yeh vanitha toh bohot samajhdar hai , bai . vanitha kaun se class mein ho ? vanitha class seven . English medium . look very pleased . yasmin ( 0.c. ) accha ? to phir english mein kuch bol ke sunao ? think but be strike by shy giggle . latabat bol to . Te kavitha sing .. vanitha think for a moment , then commence in a singsong cadence . vanitha '' the Brook '' by Alfred Lord tennyson . " '' T come from haunt of coot and hern , I make a sudden sally and sparkle out among the fern , and bicker down the valley . by thirty hill I hurry down , or slip between the ridge , by twenty thorpes , a little town , and half a hundred bridge . till last by Philip 's farm I flow to join the brim river , for man may come and man may go , but I go on forever . '' uske baad mein bhool gayi . the bai meanwhile have settle against the dining table and do some tobacco roll in she palm . yasmin ( 0o.c . ) vah ! bai yeh to bohot hoshiyaar hai ! latabat ( secretly very proud ) haan , kuch zyada hi hoshiyaar hai ! 56 57 50 . vanitha come and hug she mother , suddenly shy again . latabai ( cont ’d ) isko accha nachna- gaana bhi aata hai . Hai to ? poora time tv pe hindi gaane , aur ye naachti hai ! isi liye uske ab mark bhi kam hone laga hai ! eh , didi la dakhao , nachoon ? huh ? vanitha have bury she head in she mother 's pallu , and refuse to dance . latabai ( cont ’d ) ( winking conspiratorially at yasmin ) chalo agle baar , theek hai didi ? yasmin ( 0.c. ) theek hai ! int . the flat ( a ) - moment later 56 arun pause the tape and think . ext . arun 's build - day 57 arun have cornere the building watchman . watchman ab kya pata saab , duty humri badalti rehti hai . kab aapke flat mein koi madam thi , mujhe nahin maloom . arun accha to latabai naam ki kaamwali ko pehchante hai aap ? the watchman look doubtful . watchman latabai .... naam to sune hain , lekin theek pata nahin . arun aap pata karo , theek hai ? yehi building kaam karti thi vo . okay ? he search in he pocket , and find two ten rupee note and give the watchman both . the watchman nod . it start to rain , and arun duck back into the building . 58 59 60 51 . int . the flat ( a ) landing - day 58 arun be get he house key out when he see the lady with the perpetual blank stare next door look at he . he smile at she and nod a hello , but she be just vacant . he feel a bit disturb by this and hurry into he flat . ext . dhobi ghat - evening 59 munna have put away the last bundle for wash the next day . shai be wrapping up she equipment . shai thanks , munna . munna aapko bhook nahin lagi hai ? shai bohot lagi hai ! munna pick up she equipment bag and walk , shai look after he amused . he turn and look at she like '' come on then '' . she follow he . int . irani restaurant - night 60 they be eat kheema and pav at a irani restaurant . shai arun ko kitne saal se jaante ho ? munna ( shrugging ) kyun ? shai just ... jaanna chahti thi .. munna kuch chaar saal se . shai always akela rehta tha voh ? munna nahin pehle biwi aur ek baccha bhi the . shai stop eat shocked . 52. shai kya ? no way ! munna haan ! kyun ? do saal se voh nahin hain . divorce ho gaya uska . bura haal tha thab uska . darwaza hi nahin kholta tha . ek din maine bola '' kholo darwaza ! nahin to police ko bulata hoon ! '' shai phir ? munna phir usne jaake khola . Maine bola zinda hai shukar hai . chai banaya uske liye , dono piye , aur main nikal gaya . shai phir ? munna phir kya . theek ho gaya voh ... aur ek macchi fry mangaoon ? shai mmmm ... share karoge , to . poora nahin kha sakungi . munna order a fish fry . shai ( cont 's D ) uski wife kaisi thi ? munna acchi . gori. lambi , arunbhai se bhi lambi ! shai nod , not particularly happy at the praise . munna ( cont ’d ) aapki shaadi nahin hui ? shai laugh and shake she head . munna ( cont ’d ) aur koi boyfriend ? shai tha. no more ... aur tum ? no ? he also shake he head . 61 62 63 53. shai ( cont ’d ) kyun ? tum itna handsome hai ! munna blushes . munna kya karein . koi hume acchi nahin lagi . ab tak . shai grin , know she 's embarrassing he . shai koi mile jayega .. munna gi! mil jayeGI ! shai koi mile jayegi ! inshallah ... he grin . they eat companionably . ext . STREET - night 61 munna be carry shai 's camera bag and they be hurry to she car in the rain . her driver open she door for she , and she get in as munna stand get soak . she tell he to go ahead , but he just stand there smile at she , watch the car as it leave . ext . build under construction - night 62 the worker and they family be sit in the unfinish draw room of a flat , some play card , some sleep or read the paper . outside it pour . its a happy environment , like a school rain holiday . int . shai 's apartment - later 63 shai let herself into the apartment , then realize the tv be on . she be soaking wet . she go into the tv room to find she parent , pravin and manek edulji watch the late night news , as manek flip through the Economist / wsj . they be distinguished , in they early 60 , with a ring of old money about they . pravin hi darling ! be you sopping or what ? better change love . 54 . manek hello shai edulji . stop look like you be see ghost . we be not , not yet anyway . she go over and kiss they . shai hey ! I think you guy be not expect till early next week ? pravin the jalal be have a party tomorrow night , sweetheart , so they ask we to come back . you be invite of course , and you really must come . shai cool . look , the monsoon be here ! my first in ... ten year ! have it start raining in alibaug yet ? pravin you know it look terribly worry when we get in the boat , and we pretty much make it in the nick of time , do not we manek ? manek I have say . we have to get a cover speed boat that 's bigger . I be tired of you mother look like a she 's in purdah try to save she hairdo . shai you marry a beauty queen , manek edulji , now pay for it ! manek so you have be out shoot have you ? shai yeah . go to the dhobi ghat today . it be just fascinating ! pravin ( shudder ) oh dear . darling you should not do this thing , god know what kind of infection you could pick up there . shai tsk , mar ! you be just paranoid . 64 65 66 55 . shai sit at the edge of the sofa . pravin darling do not sit there , you be all wet ! why do not you go and change . shai yup , and I be go to bed . ( over she shoulder ) thanks for let I shoot from the building , dadda . manek I hope its come along quickly , that project . the labour be really drag they foot , I think . shai good night . montage int / ext munna 's room - night 64 munna find the floor in he room wet with rain come in from a crack between the tarpaulin and the bamboo matting . he quickly put a bucket under the leak , then go outside , get a old crate , stand on it in the rain and patch up the crack . then he be back inside in dry clothes , dry he hair and sit at he window for a while . he get into bed but can not sleep . int . the flat ( a ) - night 65 arun stand at the window , watch the rain , listen to siddheswari devi , the rain be come in but he do not mind . he paint as the music play and it pour outside . he look happy , content . int . shai 's apartment - night 66 shai come out of the shower , all wash and clean . she turn on the a /c . her window be shut , and the rain pour down the pane , which cloud up . she look at herself in the mirror as she brushes she hair . then she get in bed and turn out the light . 67 68 69 56 . int . arun' apartment - night ( dream ) 67 a dream -like recollection of love make between shai and arun , similar to the earlier collage . ext . STREET near a slum - night 68 munna walk the street look for something . he have he stick in he hand . its dark and some dog bark nearby . a lonely radio play a song in bhojpuri , its crackly tenor sounding bittersweet . the slum dweller be asleep , and light from one or two house partially illuminate the ground . he slowly walk towards a heap of dry waste lie on the ground . he gently move a sheet of plastic that be cover something and wham ! he slam he stick down time and again ... ext . arabian sea - day ( d.v. footage ) 69 the day have a dream like quality . the ocean be smooth and greeny - blue . bombay can be see though a faint haze . the sky have puffy cloud , and the boat rock gently . yasmin ( whisper ) imran , voh dekho bombay . door se itna shant lagta hai . suddenly the boat engine grind to life . the camera swing round , and vanitha come up to the camera . vanitha start ho gaya , didi ! engine mein problem tha . the boat course forward . the camera shoot the people on the deck ; villager , tourist ... a young couple stand near the railing , whisper to each other , the boy with he arm around she . she be try to push he away a little , but he pull she close , say thing to she which make she giggle . she spot yasmin 's camera and nudge he and tell he . he turn and look at it , then take she hand and walk to a less visible spot . she turn the camera to the water . the foam of the churn water , the light refracting in its depth . 70 71 57 . ext . elephanta cave - day ( d.v. footage ) 70 we see yasmin frame against the beautiful trimurti in wide shot as vanitha be filming she . she have throw back the nagaab of she burkha and be look up in awe , completely absorb . vanitha zoom in to she face . int . munna 's room - day 71 munna be sit on the floor , carefully stick on little sticker on the back of the portfolio picture that say '' Zohaib Shaikh , 5’10 '' , moblie no . 9871412223 '' . the cat be asleep in a corner and the rain make a low drum sound on the roof . munna have put a vessel under a leak in he roof . salim come in from the rain and slump down . he be in a rotten mood . munna notice but decide not to ask . salim take out a cigarette , light it and begin to smoke . salim voh saala , raju , saala ek number ka haraami hai . mera 50000 ka dhanda kha gaya ! Main uski madad kar raha tha aur saala , voh ! Maine chaar laaphe maare use aur warning de ke chod diya ki kaale bhai ko bataoonga ! to hava tight ho gayi uski ! saala ... lambu ka bhai hai to apne aap ko Don samajhta hai ... salim drag on the cigarette and calm down , then he turn to munna . salim ( cont ’d ) munna , kuch paise chahiye yaar . voh jogeshwari mein flat book karne ke liye dus hazaar aaj dena tha . ( he pull out a bundle of note from he pocket ) dekh mere paa saat hazaar hai . Teen de to yaar , agle mahine lauta doonga . munna tune mere pehle ke chaar bhi nahin diye salim , ab main nahin de sakta . salim be baar pakka be , tu tension mat le . agle mahine bhai mujhe bada kaam dene vala hai , aur raju se bhi loonga main do mahine ka hafta . pakka . 58 . munna get up and take out three thousand rupee from he wallet / inside he trunk . meanwhile salim take he picture and begin to look through they . he laugh uproariously . munna kya ? have kyun raha hai ? salim abey ! yeh tere meem not liye ! kya lagta hai be tu ! he laugh like mad and drag on he cigarette . then he recover . munna snatch they back , he 's irritate . salim relent . salim ( cont ’d ) nahin , solid lagta hai tu , sachi , par tere photo dekh ke mere ko jaane kyun hasi aaya ! Pan lagta tu hensum hai . sachi , saala ! body bhi acchi banai , huh ? munna give he the money . munna ab to vo producer se milvao . kuch to kar mere liye , motey ! salim kya samajhta hai , main nahin milvaoonga ? chal , kal milvata hoon , pakka ! theek hai ? munna be thrilled but just smile . salim ( cont ’d ) teri yeh memsaab acchi nikli , huh ? chal ab bol daal , kya darne ka , usne to tujhe aadha nanga bhi dekh liya ! munna chal hut ! munna mock kick he , and they have a little mock fight . 72 ext . chowpatty - evening ( d.v. footage ) 72 yasmin be filming the sea come up to froth against she toe . one can see the black hem of she burkha get wet . she zoom in to she toe , as she dig they into the wet sand . she lean down and start to write she name in Arabic , with pretty flourish , and lose it in the tug of one wave . 73 59 . this time she quickly write she name , and as she finish it , the wave take it away . then she write she full name - yasmin noor - and then its erase . then as a kick she write - ( at b ) 2 = a2 + 2 ab + b2 , and then its go . she laugh . yasmin yahan kuch nahin tik sakta . aur yeh samundar sab kuch leke chup rehta hai . Main ise kuch bhi keh sakti hoon , apne saare raaz bata sakti hoon , aur voh sab samundar ke gehrai mein kho jaayenge . voh kisi ko nahin bataega . int . shai 's apartment - day 73 shai be fix herself some lunch in she kitchen . she have get some cold cut and salad leave and vegetable and she 's make a sandwich with agnes hover around she . agnes give I , I ’1ll do it shai baby . shai why ? let I do it to . agnes then what I will do ? you be do all the work ! shai I be use to this , agnes . I do all my own work in New York . agnes arre but you use machine for everything no there ! my brother tell I , in Dubai they just buy all vegetable chop , a with packet masala and packet chapati , ten minute dinner ready ! shai laugh . agnes relax and watch she slice tomato , cucumber and cheese . shai so agnes how 's you daughter ? agnes she alright , baby . do all the time tuition . from school she straight go to tuition class ! tuition fee be double school fee ! 74 60 . shai really ? what do she want to do finally ? agnes she now in tenth so time be there . but I think she may join a call center from next year . shai and you husband ? still drink and beat ? agnes oh no ! thank Jesus he go away ! take my twenty thousand rupee and run off ! some other woman he find to beat I think ! shai bastard . good riddance . she put she sandwich onto a plate , pour herself a glass of lemonade and pick up she plate to leave . agnes shai baby , you stay away from this dhobi boy I think . shai really ? why ? agnes he 's not a good boy . he just extra smart , get no education , total faltu type . thinks too much of himself . not from a good background you know , this type people . ext . STREET outside the flat ( a ) - day 74 shai be hurriedly walk along the street towards the edulji building opposite arun 's with she camera equipment , wear big shade , when she suddenly spot arun walk down towards he building . she duck she head and try to hurry into the edulji building , try to look . the other way , panic that he might see she . and he do . arun shai ? hey , shai ! she stop and turn , and feign surprise at see he . he cross the road and come up to she . he point to they be str they laugh , go first . they look at reluctant to 61 . arun ( cont ’d ) hil ... shai oh , hi ... arun Nice to see you again ! how have you be ? shai I ... I have be good . how be you ? arun I be good , very good . move house , work on a new project .. really good . I live right here in fact . shai oh really . I be ... I be just go in here ... this building ... she gear . arun you go to shoot here or something ? shai yeah , I be just , you know , shoot here , this construction work and all that . its one of my dad 's site . arun oh , that 's cool . uck by awkward silence . then together .. shai well I should ... arun why do not you ... and it 's more relaxed . he gesture that she shai I should be go . arun okay . cool . it be nice see you . each other . she nod and smile , still leave . they smile . 75 int . shai much with shai shai 62. arun ( cont ’d ) do want to have a coffee before you go ? do you have the time ? shai er... yeah , actually , I do have time for a coffee . arun do you want to come up to my house ? shai yeah , okay . the flat ( a ) - moment later - day 75 be look through he window , try to see how of the opposite building she can see . he come in coffee . arun so . how 's the ' sabbatical 's be go ?! smile at the reminiscence . shai its be pretty good so far . arun be see a lot of the city ? shai yeah kind of . arun have you be to Mohammed Ali road and that part yet ? shake she head . arun ( cont ’d ) ( excited ) you must go . and haji Ali ? and this mill area ? actually there 's so much to see in bombay . shai be there really ? I guess one need a guide then , to see all this local stuff . arun yeah , one need a guide ... arun grin . silence . he relax . shai , laugh . 63. shai and you ? you have be work ? arun yeah . well kind of . I have this ... something I be kind of excited about . shai that 's great . you seem a lot happier , I have to say . arun listen shai . I really want to apologize for be a asshole the last time round . shai oh no . not more apology . just forget about it okay ? it be no big deal , really . so I find you hot , so I sleep with you ! its cool ! its ... that 's all it be . just ... forget about it . arun phew ! thanks , I be feel so shitty for age after that day , think , you know , I hurt you feeling and all that ! shai yeah , well you be a real shit that day , but whatever . no , I be not hurt . I be just really piss off for a while . arun that 's just I at my best . piss everyone off . I have a way with that . and when I be drunk I do all kind of random thing ! its really embarrassing . shai I know what you mean ! I be hope you do not remember half the thing idid ! arun apart from the headstand you mean ?! 76 77 718 64 . the doorbell ring . arun 's laugh as he open it to munna . munna see shai cosy on the sofa and arun all laugh and go still . shai freeze , look almost guilty . arun ( cont ’d ) munna ! kya haal hai yaar . ( take the clothes aaj kapde nahin hai , kal aana , okay ? chal . he shut the door . int . the flat ( a ) - moment later - day 76 munna be still look at the shut door , freeze . he turn around slowly , see the lady - of- perpetual - blankness , and walk down the stair . he look shake up . int . the flat ( a ) - moment later 77 shai be still freeze , feel like she be catch out . arun have not notice . arun so ? what else do you do that I should not remember ? shai smile a tight smile . she look at she watch . shai hey look I gotta go . thanks for the coffee . arun so soon ? oh okay ... see you . show I you picture sometime . I be curious to know what kind of stuff you shoot . shai smile and hurry out the door . ext . STREET outside the flat - moment later 78 munna be walk down the street . shai be run behind he , try to catch up with he . finally she do . shai munna ! 719 65 . he stop and look at she . she look thoroughly guilty . they look at each other . shai ( cont ’d ) kahan ja raha hai ? munna kaam hai . shai kya kaam ? aaj tumne bola tha tum mujhe nagpada le jayega ... aur tum vo movie dikhayega , that '' hulchul '' or whatever . munna shake he head , resisting she charm . shai ( cont ’d ) come on , munna , you promise . chalo to , maine ticket bhi le liya . munna look at she , slightly mollify . ext . crowded alley - evening 719 shai be finish take picture of a attar maker in he tiny workshop , while munna look on half - territorially , half - admiringly . the man who make attar have be tell she how he trade have all but close down with the advent of bottled perfume , mostly cheap fake . and how he son have no interest to learn what he ancestor practise . he want to do a job in marketing . shai and munna leave , walk along companionably . munna aap yeh sab kyun kar rahi hai ? shai mujhe janna hai ... dekhna hai ... munna kya dekhna hai ? yeh sab gandi jagahein ? America ki sadkein kuch zyada hi saaf the , isiliye ! they both laugh . shai par main nahin aati to yeh sab kahan milta ! tum kahan milte ! munna glow . 80 81 82 83 66 . munna haan voh to hai . they walk along companionably . munna ( cont ’d ) aap id ke din humare chachi ke ghar aayenge ? shai wow ! haan of course . ext . chowpatty - afternoon ( d.v. footage ) 80 there be mass of people on chowpatty beach as it be visarjan day . the camera be weaving its way through the crowd and drum beat get louder and louder . int . the flat ( a ) - day 81 arun be painting and he get stick for idea at a point . he stare at the canvas for a long while . then he suddenly remember yasmin 's chain . he put down he brush and get out the chain and the ring . he gently examine the ring , turn it round in the light . it be a delicate pearl set in silver which have become tarnish . arun smell it , look at it , then try it on one of he finger . it do not fit any . he take the ring and chain into the bathroom and put they into a mug of soapy water . then he use he toothbrush to clean they . ext . chowpatty - evening 82 arun be wander around the beach in the afternoon , the drumbeat play in he head . his beard have grow . he walk around , observe , and we see a chain around he neck . it be yasmin 's chain with the ring on it . he take off he shoe and wiggle he toe in the sand . he draw some squiggle in the sand which get wash away . he look happy . ext . mohammed ali road - night 83 it 's time for iftari and shai and munna be walk along ( shai , for a change in a salwar kameez ) , through group of people eat and shopping . shai be take lot of picture , and be very excited . 84 85 86 87 67 . she choose the kebab and other popular dish , and munna insist on pay for everything . he be very protective of she , as well as explain thing to she . they do not notice arun , who be also among the crowd , look around . int . multiplex - evening 84 shai and munna be walk towards the theatre . salim and a girl be stand close to the entrance . munna roll he eye , think '' shit , what 's he do here '' . salim abey . kya. ( to shai ) hello . shai hi! ( to munna ) yeh tumhara friend hai to , we din bhi he be here . munna nod and hurry she into the theatre , very self conscious . salim notice he odd behavior . int . cinema theatre - later 85 the movie be under way . munna seem to be in a battle try to decide whether he can put he arm on the share armrest or not . shai lean closer to ask he what something mean / who some actor be , and he be so aware of she . he finally put he arm on the armrest and they arm be touch . shai be unaware , absorb in the film . munna be on a cloud of bliss . a kajri begins to play over the following montage : int . the flat - night 86 it rain outside while arun be painting . in the background yasmin be walk to and around haji Ali . he be do a big canvas , and he seem completely absorb , stop from time to time to drink tea and watch the tape . ext . haji ali - evening ( d.v. footage ) 87 yasmin be walk to and around haji Ali . 88 89 90 91 92 93 ext . multiplex - night shai be get into she car in the rain when she see munna hang behind . she gesture to he to get into the car . he do . int . shai 's apartment - later shai and munna be in the balcony of she apartment . shai have roll herself a joint , a very funny look one , and she laugh . he be a bit scandalize , but go along with it , happy to be there . it rain outside . int . the flat ( y ) - night ( d.v. footage ) we see a segment where yasmin have buy herself a birthday cake , and have light candle on it . she place it in front of the camera , cut a piece and smilingly feed it to the camera ( she brother ) . arun pause the tape and come very close to the tv as if to eat the cake . int . shai 's apartment ( dark room ) - later - night shai be in she darkroom , show munna how she make print . he be fascinate by she , and she know it . int . shai 's apartment ( balcony ) - later - night later she bring a bottle of single malt and two glass . she offer he one , he refuse , she press he so he take one and take a sip . it taste ugly to he , and she be vastly amused . she be mildly flirtatious in she manner . later she have fall asleep . munna come very close to she and look at she face as she sleep . he bend over as if he 's kissing she lip , see what it would be like if he do . then very quietly he get up and leave . ext . build under construction - morning the morning after the rain a few puddle be leave in the ground . petrol and water create a rainbow in one of they . selva chew on one of that stick one use to clean tooth . 68. 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 69 . he have a radio with he , which have crackly song play in bhojpuri or some other language . he look at the city around he , stir . people in they flat , some out for walk . the poor on the street be waking up . int . shai 's apartment - day 94 shai sit in she balcony as agnes hand she tea . she have just wake up and be in the same place she fall asleep . agnes be very disapprove , as she pick up the bottle of whiskey and the two glass . shai look out to sea blankly . the phone ring somewhere in the house . after a bit , agnes bring it to shai . agnes mummy ka hai . shai hello ... hi mar ... yeah good , good . and you ?... okay ... well , yeah sort of , still do my mad shoot !... well I be do with dhobis , ear-cleaner , the circus , and I be soon go to do the night rat killer !... no , no kid !... of course I will be fine , mar . when be you come next ?... oh great , see you soon then ... bye ! int . the flat ( a ) - day 95 arun take out the tape that say '' teesri chitthi '' . he rub he hand in anticipation and put the tape in . he settles down to watch . int . the flat ( y ) - day ( d.v. footage ) 96 yasmin have put the camera on and she sit fairly close in front of the camera . she look downcast . yasmin bhai , dus din mein bakrid hai aur tumhe pata hai hum bakrid se kitna darte hain . hume always bura lagta hai , ki vahi jinhe itne pyaar se bada karte hain , unhi ki kurbani deni padti hai ... ghar mein main kaise chhup jaati thi ... ( think , then a little more upbeat ) voh to hain nahin bambai mein , par yahan unki khala not hume bulaya hai bakrid ke din . ( more ) 70 . yasmin ( cont 'd ) to humne soch liya hai ki kaun si bimari ki vajah se hum nahin ja paenge ... julaab ! ( giggle ) yaad hai , jab maulvi saab aate the , kaise hum pet mein dard , sar mein dard , bahane banakar nikal jaate the ! yeh khala ka maamla kuch vaisa hi hai !... chaliye abhi ke liye itna hi . itne din ho gaye , lekin hum yeh tape khatam hi nahin kar pa rahe hain ! saari kahabar tab tak baasi ho gayi hogi ! khair , ' better late than never 's , hai to ? int . posh restaurant - night 97 shai , she friend suhana and pesi be drink at the bar of a busting nightclub . they be all a bit high . shai what rubbish !! I could not have say that ! no way ! suhana you totally do , to pes ? '' when I grow up I want to be a nun '' ! and we be all like '' whaaaat ? ! '' such a chamchi of that sister you be ! pesi while we be all like ' astronaut 's and ' doctor 's ! suhana pes I remember you say you want to be race jockey . we be quite impressed huh ! pesi ya , now look at I ! do not remind I babe , its too depress . suhana ya , imagine if I have become a doctor ! pesi thank god at least shai do not become a nun ! shai actually now I wish I have ! with all the luck I have have with man ...! ( sigh ) ( more ) 98 71 . shai ( cont 'd ) I be not cut out for relationship I think . pesi like you that verny painter ? shai roll she eye . pesi ( cont ’d ) fuck he ya ! he be super weird anyway . listen let drive to khandala tonight ! the other murmur '' what ? '' , '' now ? '' etc . pesi ( cont ’d ) yeah the house be gorgeous now in the rain ! shai I can not babe , munna be take I to that dongri place tomorrow . pesi uff , what with this munna fixation man ! how much you hang out with you dhobi ! shai yeah .. so? suhana so ... nothing . it 's just a bit weird no ? suhana and pesi be amused , but shai be not really . pesi no , I be sure you have lot in common and all , but babe ... you know ?... I mean after a point its like '' kitna kapda dhoya aaj '' no ?! suhana laugh like mad . shai be force to smile . pesi ( cont ’d ) oh ho , we be kid babe ! listen enough now , huh , its time for some fun ! shai look quizzical . int . subway - night 98 salim and munna be walk along the haji Ali subway . 99 72 . salim tu badal gaya hai , maloom . munna ( distract ) hmmm ? salim tumko to , pyar ho gaya hai . munna Hut ! chutiya . salim tu bola hai usko ? huh ? munna be quiet , dismissive but smile . salim ( cont ’d ) Pan uske ma-baap nahin manega . tereko bhaag jaana padenga . munna arre tu kahan pahuch gaya ! salim haan , sorry , pehle tu bol daal to ! munna shake he head but continue to smile . salim 's phone ring . salim ( cont ’d ) bolo seth ! bohot dinon baad !.. kaisa hai sab ?.. haan seth badhiya samaan laya hoon be baar ... aap bolo kahan , main pohunch jaata hoon ... aadhe ghante main ... brittania ke paa to ?... ok sir , milte hain . salim look much happier . he look at munna with affection . ext . STREET in south bombay - night 99 salim be stand near a street corner , talk on the phone , and munna be beside he . he be direct someone to where he be . a swank land Rover stop beside he with pesi drive and suhana beside he . the back window be tinted , so munna can not see shai . shai see he and stiffen . suhana 's window go down and salim step up to they . 73 . salim kya saheb , hame bhool gaye aap ! pesi and suhana be disinterested in he . pesi be count some note . pesi kitna bola tha tumne ? salim saat hazar . pesi look at he sharply . salim try to mutter that that 's the rate . pesi what nonsense , beech mein main usse le raha tha , kya naam hai , rajesh , aur voh isse bhi accha paanch mein deta hai . to yeh lo paanch aur paanch dus , 2 ke liye . salim argue , still smile , and settles at twelve thousand . samir pay , the window be sly shut on salim 's face . pesi ( cont ’d ) now we be set for some party ! and they drive off . shai do not say a word . she look at all the people sleep on the street that they pass . back on the sidewalk : munna Main chalta hoon . kaam pay jana hai . salim arre phir vohi kaam ! aaj main chudvaoonga tera yeh kaam . chal aaj party karte hain ! munna nahin yaar , mujhe jaana hai . salim dhut saala , chutiya ! ja , kar ! kabhi nahin manega ! ek din khud tujhe samajh aayegi ! salim walk off , leave munna stare after he . 100 101 102 74 , int . std booth - night 100 selva be in a std booth in a crowded part of town . with great concentration he dial the long std code and number . after a while he seem to have get through . he speak to he wife who have deliver a child , while keep he eye on the tick electronic meter . when he 's do he pay after painfully count every rupee . int . the flat ( a ) - day 101 arun pick up a pad and pencil and settles down to watch the tape . the tape play . int . the flat ( y ) - night ( d.v. footage ) 102 yasmin ( sit in front of the camera , look very downcast ) pata nahin logon ko yeh sab shaadi ka chakkar kyun accha lagta hai . mujhe shaadi karni hi nahin chahiye thi . lekin meri kisine nahin suni . Main kitni khush thi ... ek baat bataoon ? unki aur koi aurat hai . ( look down and away ) mujhe kuch poochna tha unse , to mobile ka nambar ghumaya , to ek aurat utha kar kehti hai '' tum kaun ? '' humne kaha unki missus . voh hansne lagi , aur unko bulate hue kaha - '' badi bholi maloom padti hai ! kahan se laye usko ?! '' she cover she face with she hand for a long moment . then she look up at the camera . she smile , a little sad . yasmin ( cont ’d ) khair chhodo in baaton ko ... we din phone par main itni khush ho gayi ki bohot sari baatein poochna bhool gayi . exam mein kitne number mile ? aur chhoti kaisi hai ? ab to aam aane lag gaye honge baag mein ! yahaan ke aam mein voh taste kahan !... she smile at the memory . 103 104 75 . int . the flat ( a ) - moment later 103 arun 's phone ring . arun hi v... yes , its go well ... I be not sure but maybe in a month or two ?... no , I can not be do faster than that ... listen , vatsala , I ... no I do not know ... listen , I can not work to this deadline anymore , okay ? I can not . I ’1l1 let you know when I be do and you can come and take this , okay ? till then please quit hassling I ! he hang up and throw he phone onto the sofa . he take a deep breath . the phone begin to ring again . he disconnect the call . again it ring and he get really mad . he take the call , and as he hear vatsala say '' hello ? hello ? '' at the other end , he drop the phone into the toilet and pull the flush on it . he watch the phone drow with satisfaction . then he go to the kitchen and put on the kettle for tea . int . flat of mrs . shah - day 104 munna be stand at the window of the flat which look on to the sea . Mrs. shah be lie on the bed , rest on one elbow and look at he . she look very irritate . mrs . shah nahi aana chahta hai to mat a ! Maine kab zabardasti kiya hai ! achanak tumko kya ho gaya hai , kya maloom . munna stay silent . mrs . shah ( cont ’d ) tera we ladki ke saath kuch to chakkar hai . munna ab kuch bhi bol rahi hain aap . mrs . shah kuch bhi kya . tujhe usse pyaar ho gaya hai , yehi baat hai . sahi to keh rahi hoon . idiot kahin ka ... munna turn to face she , anger in he eye . 105 76 . mrs . shah ( cont ’d ) arre sach baat sunne se sab darte hain ! we amriki ladki not tujhe thoda kya bhaav de diya , tu lattu ho gaya ! arre munna apni aukat dekha kar , samjhe ! ab nikal ghar se , aur vapas mat aana jab voh tujhe lollypop khila kar bhej deti hai ! ja ! she turn over and reach for the tv remote . she put on some television drama and press a buzzer by she bedside . the young may appear . mrs . shah ( cont ’d ) ek thanda coke le kar a , ice bhar ke . aur suno , aaj se munna nahin aayega kapde lene . watchman ko bhi batana aur koi aur dhobi dhoondh lena . the may leave . Mrs shah continue to watch tv ignore munna . finally munna leave the room . ext . subway - later - night 105 munna be head back with salim , salim ribbing he about he ' mashooga 's and munna be in high spirit . they be walk along the lane , laugh and joke . a weasly look man step out of the shadow and stop salim . jackie eh salim , kaleybhai not tumhe bulaya hai . salim look at he with distaste . salim Main busy hai . kya kaam hai usko ? jackie pata nahin . shayad iftari karni thi tumhare saath . salim arre , abhi ?! abhi to kuch ghante main sehri hai ! jackie to main keh doon kya , ki tu busy hai ? salim be not happy . 106 107 108 77 . salim kahan milna hai ? jackie Station ke peeche shed pe . salim theek hai main aata hoon . Jackie leave . salim ready to part way with munna . munna Main bhi chaloon ? salim nahin , main jaldi aata hoon . tu apna ghatiya kaam nipat ke a , phir sehri karte hain ! they part . int . the flat - day ( d.v. footage ) 106 yasmin be shoot a plane fly over the building . it sound very loud , fly low over the skyline . she follow it till its out of sight . in a separate cut , she focus on a street celebration ; some people be push along they god on a small cart amidst drum and dance . int . the flat ( a ) - night 107 arun be painting as the tape be play . there 's snow on the screen as it seem the record portion be over , and arun have just leave it to run to the end . suddenly a image appear on the screen . arun turn to it surprised , and come closer to it to see . yasmin have put the camera on the table and she go to sit in front of it . she look depressed and smile sadly . int . the flat ( y ) - day ( d.v. footage ) 108 yasmin yeh mera akhri khat hai . pata nahin yeh tum tak pahunchegi ya nahin . Allah tumhe khush aur salaamat rakhey . mujhse gussa mat hona . Maine bohot koshish ki hai . ammi aur abbu ko bhi samjha dena . 109 110 78. she have tear in she eye and she get up and turn the camera off . int . the flat ( a ) - moment later 109 arun be weird out . he rewind and watch the segment again . his expression change when he realize what she be try to say . he get up , panicky almost , and pace around . then he call rakesh . rakesh haan arunji ! arun rakesh , yahan ka maalik kahan rehta hai ? kya naam hai uska ? rakesh kyun ? aap mile the to we din . vidyadhar patil . arun patil nahin . usne kisi se kharida tha . uska naam kya hai ? rakesh pata karna padega . kyun ? arun pata karo . jaldi rakesh . rakesh kya problem hai arunji ? arun rakesh , time nahin hai ! jaldi pata karo ! ext . STREET near a slum - night 110 shai be armed with she camera . she follow a man into a alley . he be wear Municipal khaki short and a shirt and carry a torch and a book . bmc man yeh area bohot bada hai . do aadmi rahenge yahan . they walk past ramshackle home , child lie on tatter outside hut , and garbage . 111 112 79 , bmc man ( cont ’d ) voh dikhta hai ek Worker . there 's a figure in the moonlit shadow ahead . as they approach , the figure be slowly skulking around , as if on a hunt , look this way and that . the bmc man motion to she to be quiet and watch . the man be carry a big stick which he hold aloft and suddenly swing it down hard , hit something again and again . shai raise she camera and take a picture on motor drive and the man be illuminate in a surreal strobe like flash , and we see it be munna . the bmc man shine a bright light and shai see munna and he stare at she in shock , he clothes all bloody , and a mangle rat in he hand . shai munna ? she be bewilder to see he there . munna look at she , shocked , shame write all over he , and then run off into the shadow . bmc man aap isko jaanta hai ? shai munna ! ext . street - moment later 111 munna be run , as if he 's scared shai will run after he . he look shocked , he 's almost cry . int . the flat ( a ) - later 112 rakesh have call . rakesh haan arun saab , unka naam Ahmed tha . last year patil ko becha . bade jaldi mein tha . arun kahan milega voh ? rakesh voh to Dubai migrate ho gaye . 113 80 . arun arre unki biwi hai , yasmin , usse milna hai . address chahiye unka . rakesh unka address to nahin hai patil ke paa . arun arre kuch to idea hoga ! aaj kal flat lene ke liye full paperwork karna padta hai ! koi contract to hoga ? rakesh nahin Ahmed ko full black mangta tha , to patil not kisi tarah khila - pila ke register karva liya . arun rakesh yeh bohot important hai ! kisi tarah pata karo ! rakesh kya ho gaya arunji ? aap koi problem mein a gaye ? arun hang up in frustration , slump down on he chair . he throw he head back and close he eye . when he open he eye he see the ceiling and notice that one of the fan hook have no fan on it . he finally realize what happen , and be shocked . he almost thrashes around helplessly , he grief and shock too much to bear . he stumble out of the flat where he see the lady of perpetual blankness sit with she sad expression . he look at she and break down cry . ext . dhobi ghat - same night 113 munna sit in the desert dhobi ghat , by the light of the moon and some street tube light , and stare blankly . his eye be dark hollow , and the freshly wash white sheet be luminous and fluorescent . a young man come run in and see munna and stop . munna look up at he . its salim 's young brother , Karim . he look at munna and begin to cry ina bloodcurdle , desperate way . munna realize that something be very wrong . 114 115 116 117 118 81 . int . salim 's slum room - same night 114 salim lie on the floor of he hut , partially cover by a bloody sheet . several people sit inside and out , or stand around . among they be a thickset middle - age man , powerful look , with some henchman behind he . he sit prominently in the centre of the room on the only chair there . salim 's mother sit at he head , dry eye and numb . munna enter with Karim , and the bhai look up at they . the crowd part as they enter , and the bhai stretch he arm out to Karim , who stiffly go and get hugge by he . munna go beserk , cry and raging at the same time , and take he rat-lathi which he 's carry and attack the bhai , crack the lathi on he head . the bhai manage to miss the blow to the head but get hit in he shoulder . mayhem break out as the bhai 's man intervene and pull munna away , throw he to the floor and kick and hit he . munna be sobbing by now , allow they to hit he . the bhai pull he man off and they all leave . salim 's mother 's face crumple and she cry noiselessly into munna 's shoulder as he lie there cry , and Karim come and sit next to they helplessly . ext . street - later 115 shai walk around on the empty street of the night . she look shake . at one point she just stop and look around she , try to understand where she be . ext . build under construction - dawn 116 selva stand at the top of the building with a grey dawn break over bombay . ext . muslim cemetery - dawn 117 munna , Karim and a few other be at salim 's grave . a maulvi say the prayer , and the group stand around the grave with they eye downcast . Karim be look calm , and he stand close to munna , who also look calm . ext . marine drive seaface - dawn 118 arun be sit by the sea as the first light of day break . in he hand he hold yasmin 's chain with the ring which he have wear earlier . 119 120 121 122 123 124 82. he finger the ring , look at it with affection , bring it briefly to he lip and then throw it into the sea . then suddenly , as he watch it sink , he change he mind . he scramble over the rock and run to get it back . he get into the water . its murky and cold . he swim around under water until he finally see it sink , and in the nick of time manage to catch it . ext . STREET - day 119 a wet arun walk back home through the stir city , again wear the chain . montage : ext . build under construction - day 120 we construction worker start he work day , carry sand and stone up the stair . ext . dhobi ghat - day 121 shai be at the dhobi ghat , sit alone wait for munna . some dhobi come early and get surprised to see she . she ask he where munna be , but he have no idea . int . munna 's room - day 122 munna be pack he belonging into he trunk . he carefully take the poster of salman down and roll it up . ext . taxi on STREET - day 123 munna , Karim and he mother be in a taxi . the carrier on top and the boot be load with thing . munna sit at the back with the other two , look numb . in front sit a weasley look man , talk on he cell phone , evidently one of the bhai 's man . i/e. new apartment - day 124 rakesh be show arun a new apartment . this be considerably more upmarket . 83. 125 int . flat in jogeshwari - later 125 munna and the other two be stand inside a empty 100 square foot flat . they look around themselves , and amma sink down to sit on the floor . munna chal Karim , saamaan upar le aate hain . they leave . amma bury she head in she hand , as some curious kid stand at the door and stare at she . 126 ext . slum STREET - day 126 shai be walk through the narrow lane of the slum look for munna . people look curiously at she . 127 int . arun 's new apartment - day 127 arun be stand in he empty new apartment . he go over to a bubble - wrap canvas and tear it open . it be he yasmin work . he take it out and put it up on the blank wall and look at it . 128 int . production office - day 128 munna sit , look all smart , in front of a production guy . aslam yeh to bohut bura hua . kaise hua ? munna dono gang mein kuchh problem ho gayi . apna salim beech mein phas gaya . aslam Police complaint kiya ? munna kahan .. un log to usi raat salim ko dafna kar , hum log ko idhar jogeshwari mein ek flat mein fit kiya . aur police bhi kya karti , aadha waqt hum log hi udhar thane mein baithte . aslam nod wisely . 129 130 84 . munna ( cont ’d ) bhai kucch karo to , koi bhi chhota mota role . kuch bhi . ab parivar mein main hi hoon . aslam tumko card banvani padegi . munna haan bhai main karta hoon to . aap jo bhi bolo . int . the flat ( a ) landing - day 129 shai stand face arun 's flat , undecided about ringing the doorbell . she be carry a packet in she hand which have he shirt in it . she ring the bell and wait . no answer . then she notice that the door have a lock on it . she walk over to the silent lady , who be look vacant as usual . she smile and approach she . shai hello aunty . the lady just look at she . shai ( cont ’d ) I want to know if I could leave a packet for you neighbor Mr. arun .. a lady from down the hall call out to she . neighbour voh aadmi chala gaya . ext . drying yard - day 130 shai wander in with she camera , remember the time that munna have bring she there . suddenly she spot munna stand with a group of he old friend , talk . he see she and break into a run , and she give chase . after a bit of a chase , munna crash headlong into a dhobi carry a whole bundle of clothes who roundly curse he . munna be knock to the ground , and shai reach and sit next to he out of breath . they look at each other . 131 85 . ext . drying yard - moment later - day 131 munna and shai be sit on the wall look at the mottle sky . shai tum bhaag kyun gaye ? we din bhi tum bhaag gaye . munna do not answer . he look upset . shai ( cont ’d ) kya hua ? aur apni room bhi badli kar di ? ( he nod ) kahan rehte ho ab ? munna apne khala ke saath . shai accha ? tumhare yahan rishtedaar hain ? mujhe nahin maloom tha . munna koi khoon ka rishta nahin hai , voh salim ki mar hai . shai oh. salim kaisa hai ? munna do not answer . shai ( cont ’d ) munna ? what 's the problem , mujhse gussa hai ? aajkal mera phone bhi nahin lete ! number badal diya hai kya ? suddenly tumhe kya ho ... munna salim mar gaya . shai be too shocked to reply . munna ( cont ’d ) voh saale bolte hain train ke neeche aakar mar gaya . kameene saale ! maar dala mere bhai ko . maar dala . shai do not know what to do , as he keep shaking he head in anger . she put she hand on he arm , and after a few moment he calm down . 132 86 . shai itna sab ho gaya aur tumne mujhe bataya hi nahin ? kyun , munna ? kya hum dost nahin hain ? munna laugh a short laugh , almost to himself . munna haan . hum dost hain . he turn and look at she with a strange look in he eye , mock himself and she . then he turn to look out to the set sun . shai ab arun bhi nahin mile raha hai . kahan hai voh ? idea hai tumhe ? munna look at she sadly . munna painter saala . tumhara usspe dil a gaya to ? shai smile . munna ( cont ’d ) voh gaya hoga apne pehli biwi ke paa . Australia . pata nahin , dono mein phir se pyaar ho jayega , bachcha bhi hai ... shai look away . ext . STREET outside dhobi ghat - day 132 munna and shai stand face each other on the busy sidewalk . shai to kabhi phone karna , milna ... munna nod . shai give he a quick hug and get into a cab on the kerb . as she drive off into the rush of evening traffic , munna look after she . he walk to a nearby cigarette vendor , busy a cigarette , light it and smoke it , think . then he suddenly drop he cigarette and run after she cab . he chase it , push past people , get honk at . he almost catch it ata traffic light , but miss it . he run across the main road , car swerving around he , and when there 's a traffic jam finally manage to reach she window . she be shocked to see he , she heart in she mouth . 133 134 87 . he be breathe too hard to say anything . he reach into he pocket and rifle through the bill , card , papers etc until he find a small chit . it have arun 's name and number on it in arun 's hand . he hand it to she . she take it , move by the enormity of he gesture . she look at he , he smile and give she a wave to carry on . the cabbie take off as munna watch and then walk away into the traffic . shai break down and cry . int . airport - day 133 vatsala and arun be in a line at the check - in counter at the international airport . arun be look thoughtful . he turn to vatsala . arun hey V , I be sorry I can not come . vatsala what ? what do you mean ? arun I have to go . vatsala go where ? arun to malihabad . vatsala where ?! what 's malihabad ? arun its in u.p . its a place famous for mango . vatsala arun , do not talk nonsense , you can not just ... arun !! arun be already walk away . ext . s.t. bus stand - evening 134 selva wait for a bus go to a place in andhra pradesh . one bus come into the stand which be pack , and empty its passenger through one door while there be a small stampede to get in through the other door ( of which selva be part ) . out of the people who get out , there be a boy around eighteen carry a small bag . we follow he as he disappear into a crowd .