" mumford " screenplay by lawrence kasdan shoot draft ext . MAIN STREET , SMALL town - day a freight truck of late 1950 's vintage pull to the side of the road in a small rural town . a handsome , well - build man get out of the passenger side and thanks the Driver . the newcomer carry he coat over he shoulder and a beat - up suitcase ; he 's get a jut jaw and a modify pompadour , he shirtsleeve be roll all the way up past he biceps . he wipe he brow against the sweltering heat and look around . [ until note below , this section of the movie be in black &amp ; white .] follett ( v.o. ) I get outta the truck in this two - bit town . I get no money and no prospect . what I need right now be a stiff drink , a cold shower , and a hot broad . I will take them in any order they come ... ext . boarding house - day Old three story gothic house in ill-repair beyond a peel picket fence and a scruffy yard . the sign say -- room to rent . the Newcomer go in the gate . follett ( v.o. ) ... oh yeah , one other thing I need -- a angle . he squint through the dirty screen door but see nothing , then knock and turn away to survey the neighborhood . follett ( v.o. ) I be think -- if it be not for bad luck , I would not have any luck at all ... landlady ( o.s. ) can I help you ? the Newcomer turn toward the door . stand there , hold the screen open , be the landlady . she 's a knockout in a cheap , small - town way : a cotton dress that button down the front and cling with sweat to she generous curve . follett ( v.o. ) either my luck have just change , or fate just buy I another round of trouble . int . boarding house - day the Newcomer 's Pov of the landlady as she lead he up the narrow , gloomy stair from the second floor to the third story / attic . she have a monroe- like sway to she walk . we can barely hear she distant , echoey dialogue : landlady ... not very fancy ... house need repair ... we have not have a man around here for so long ... follett ( v.o. ) she keep yammerin' the whole time , but she hip be do all the talk ... the landlady reach the tiny landing at the top of the stair and open a door to a squalid room with a bed , bureau and tiny window . the Newcomer have to squeeze by she voluptuous body to get inside and look around . it do not take long . his gaze return to the landlady who be lean against the door , chest thrust forward . he focuss on she finger , toy with the button at she sweat - shiny cleavage . follett ( v.o . ) it could not 'a be any clearer what the set - up be . the next move be up to I ... the Newcomer take a step in the landlady 's direction -- mumford ( v.o. ) do not tell I ! int . mumford office - ( present ) day close - up of mumford wince . mumford ( softer ) -- that 's all the time we have . sorry ... ( indicate he watch ) ... next time . we see mumford 's office : the office of a psychologist , a therapist with a doctorate . it 's modest , comfortable , neat , with a calm , relaxed ambience . [ the movie be now in color .] his patient , henry follett , look nothing like the Newcomer in the soft - core fantasy he 's be narrate . instead , he 's a mild - look pharmacist with glass and a recede hairline . only the voice be the same ; it 's as studly as he fantasy alter-ego . follett have be lie on a couch , but now have twisted with some irritation to look at mumford . follett I have eighteen more minute ! mumford I do not want to hear any more today . follett why not ? mumford Mr. follett , do you trust I or do not you ? follett well , I do not know ... I only be see you -- mumford without trust , there 's no point to any of this . you might as well not come . follett now hold on , I do not say I do not want to come -- mumford good , then go . int . lily café - day lunch crowd . mumford can be see out the big front window , crossing from the two-story building that house he office on the main drag of this small town which , oddly enough , be also call mumford . he come inside and go to the counter to pick up some take - out . the proprietor be a woman around forty name lily , who talk to he as she work . lily you be early ... it 's not ready . what happen ? mumford my patient have to leave early . lily who be that ? she come over to the register with a order . mumford be be [ ...] she , like she a lot . mumford do the phrase " nosy " have any meaning to you , lily ? lily I think it 's like ... inquisitive . mumford it be Henry follett . lily ( react ) man , you see he a lot . and it 's very wrong to reveal it . next you will be say what he problem be . mumford what do you want to know ? lily you be terrible . I be never tell you anything . a patron pass on the way out . patron hey , Doc ... how 's it go ? mumford Fine , Vincent ... how 's yourself ? lily how long you be in this town ? mumford oh , I do not know ... lily four month , two and a half week -- that 's how long . ( mumford give she a look ) and you have already get more patient than that other two shrink combine . mumford lily , I do not think even you could know that -- lily see something out the window . lily look at that guy ... mumford turn to look out the window . a young man of about 30 , in jeans and a Hawaiian shirt , be skateboard down the street at high speed , weaving in and out amongst the car . he zip past the front of the restaurant . lily you know who that be , do not you ? ( mumford do not ) you really do not ? that 's skip skipperton , man . he get himself hit by a truck , this whole town shut down . mumford oh , so that 's he ? the Panda man. lily hand over mumford 's bag order , ring it up . back on track : lily so , what make you so popular ? what 's you secret ? mumford ( take he bag to go ) you like I . how come ? lily not sure . let I think about it . mumford be smile as he go out . another patron , lionel dillard , a lawyer , bring he check to lily , watch mumford cross the street . lily can not stand this guy . lionel that 's the new psychiatrist ? lily psychologist . he 's not medical . lionel probably think he 's pretty smart . lily give he a look as she take he money . int . mumford office - day a overweight , teenage girl name nessa watkins be on mumford 's couch . she fidget as she talk and can not decide whether to lie down ( so she 's look away from he ) or sit up and face he . she play with a unlit cigarette and keep take out a lighter , then stuff it back in she big , sloppy handbag . nessa ... so he already have the tattoo that say , " naomi forever " ... and now they be break up , see , and he have to have it remove . but while the scar be still heal , or whatever you call it when you have a tattoo remove , he meet chandra . and it 's serious , immediate love . so in no time , he 's go from the most gorgeous model in the world to the most gorgeous actress in North America . mumford what do you mean , " in no time " ? nessa in maybe three or four issue . mumford weekly or monthly ? nessa monthly ! God , how shallow do you think Brad be ? why do I waste my time tell you this stuff ? mumford why do you think you tell I , nessa ? nessa do not do that thing ... ( mumford : what ? ) ... that shrink thing . mumford it 's a big part of the show . she jam the cigarette in she mouth and flame the lighter , but be afraid to actually break he rule . nessa you really need to let people smoke in here , you know . it 's perverse . what be they pay you to see I ? mumford indicate " nothing " . nessa the school board do not pay you ? what kind of deal be that ? mumford it 's call pro bono . nessa pro boner ? ( he wait she out ) pro bono , huh ? for whose good , supposedly ? mumford it 's my bit for the community . nessa fuck the community . ( he will not go for it ) there be this article my friend and I read . it be " 25 Signs he 's great in bed " . it be very fascinating . mumford where be this ? nessa where ?... the New York Times . the first one be -- " he handle produce well . " which we already know ! ( a expression she use ) the point be , you have a lot of the sign . mumford you be spying on I in the supermarket , nessa ? nessa have woman find you attractive ? mumford laugh . nessa I know you would not answer . I have be think about what you say last time . how I try to lose weight -- and constantly not -- be like a lot of people with addiction . how maybe I can not lose the weight , ever ... ( quietly ) which we already know ... mumford that 's not quite what I say -- nessa it 's a really weird thing for a shrink to say ... and then you say maybe people would be happier if they would accept that some thing do not change -- that it would be some kind of a relief or something ... mumford wait . nessa well , I guess I be just a dumb bitch , but how depress be that moment -- the moment when you give up ? ext . hiking trail , mountain forest - magic the last ray of sun be fight they way through the tree as mumford come up the trail he clearly know very well . ext . big rock lookout point - magic mumford climb out on the Big rock , settles himself on the edge and take a long drink from a water bottle . what he sees : far below at the foot of this hill , light just twinkle on , be the town of mumford . he stare at it for several long moment . then he take a small headlamp from he pack and fit the strap over he head ( it look like a miner 's light ) . he twist the light on to test it and turn he head to watch the beam move about . we CUT back wide . after a beat , mumford settles back and turn off the light . int . scattergood's tavern - night the place be quietly busy with the regular . mumford have a favorite spot at the far end of the bar . right now he 's sit alone , read the remnant of a newspaper . skip skipperton , the man on the skateboard , come in . everyone in the bar be surprised to see skip in here . several patron greet he as he make he way deeper inside , look around . he 's uncomfortable . he seem relieved when he spot mumford and head back there . mumford do not notice skip wait for he attention . skip hi . mumford look up , smile . skip offer he hand . skip you be Doc mumford . ( mumford nod ) skip skipperton . mumford how be you ? skip Fine . okay . pretty good . I have be hope we would meet . I have hear a lot about you . mumford wait , friendly . skip run out of gas , get uneasy , glance around . skip do you think we could ...? can I buy you a drink ? CUT to : [ ... ] later . in a booth near the back . they have be at it a while , but nothing be clear to mumford , yet . skip keep he voice down ; he do not want anyone else in the bar to hear he . skip ... " find the need and fill it " my dad use to say -- I guess a lot of dad say that -- but I do and it just take off . mumford no kid ... Panda . where would that come from ? skip Panda ? I have always like giant pandas ... I have be to China and see they in the wild . that 's the kind of thing I can do if I want ... now . I can do pretty much anything I want to do this day . skip stare into he beer for a moment , as though the think depress he . he catch himself and snap back -- skip so now we make 23 % of the modem in the market , which be pretty good . skip glance around , lean in , confidential . skip when I be grow up here , the town be about dead . the timber business be play out ... Panda change all that . now , just about everybody in town either work for the company or depend on it somehow . which be kinda the problem ... mumford wait , watch . skip get uncomfortable . skip would you like another beer ? mumford Nah ... scotch . skip ( brighten , like a kid ) Far out . single malt ? ( get up ) can I pick it ? skip head off to the bar . mumford look around . everybody be watch . dissolve to : later . the bar crowd have thin . both mumford and skip have have a few . in fact , mumford be now carefully pour they each another drink from a bottle of glensometh on the table . mumford you want I ... to be ... you friend . skip beam . mumford lean forward in the same confidential way skip do before ; he indicate that skip should lean in too . mumford be almost whisper -- mumford but that 's not what 's really go on ... ( skip be excited ) ... what 's really go on be ... you have some problem and you want some therapy , but you feel it could be very bad for Panda modem stock if word get out that you be have head problem . skip confirm that 's it . mumford can I ask you a personal question ? skip of course ! that 's exactly what I want . mumford have you think about get a wife ? skip make a face and gesture to indicate a large " yes ! " , but also total frustration and failure . skip when Panda start to happen , I be dating woman from New York , San Francisco , l.a . they come out of the woodwork . model , actress , venture capitalist ... this be not the kind of girl who be interested in I before I hit it ... and you know what I discover ? I discover this girl do not love I for myself . the majority of they do not even like I . but a lot of they would have gladly become Mrs. skipperton for a while . can you imagine that -- marrying someone just because they have get money ? mumford consider that . skip I gotta pee . ( he get up , a little wobbly ) can I ask you something ? this town be call mumford ... be that way since ... 18 ... 18-0... 18-0... ( finally remember ) ... thirteen ! right ? ( mumford : if you say so ) now here 's the question -- you name be mumford , too . mumford be that the question ? skip you move here from back East and you name be the same as this town . be that right ? ( mumford shrug ) Far out . skip take a few step toward the men' room , then come back and lean down toward mumford . skip I hope you do not think I want you to do this for free . just because we be gonna play it like we be friend , do not mean I will not pay you like a doctor . mumford I understand . skip I have a lot of money . do you know how much money I have get ? mumford do not tell I , ' cause I be not go to tell you what I have get . skip I have get three big one . mumford I be impressed . I could not make three million dollar if I live three lifetime . skip no , no ... I have three billion dollar . skip stumble off to take a leak . mumford take a moment to digest that . it 's difficult . int . mumford office - day mumford be listen to lionel , the arrogant lawyer who ask about he in the restaurant . lionel be lie on the couch , talk with enormous energy ; he have a serious superiority complex . mumford can not stand he and the session seem to be last a eternity . lionel ... so I be watch brokaw and they have get some astronomer , this little limey know - it - all , and he 's tell how , with this himball telescope , they have discover there be maybe 400 million more galaxy than they think there be . and I guess that 's suppose to make I feel small ? I be suppose to feel insignificant ? be that the point ? because I can tell you it do not . mumford eye dart to look at -- the clock on the bookshelf : 2:23 mumford lionel , since this be we first session together , maybe -- lionel be twist he neck around painfully to look back at mumford . mumford -- you can sit up and look at I if you would like -- ( lionel wave that off and look away ) -- maybe it would be helpful if you tell I a little about what bring you here . lionel kind of impatient for a big-time headshrinker , be not you ? how ' bout you let I explain it my own way ... as lionel go on , mumford 's eye again dart toward -- the clock : still 2:23 ! hold on it . finally , it move . mumford 's eye dart toward he desk -- a deadly - look letter opener in the shape of excalibur stand glinting light in a marble rendition of Arthur 's stone . lionel ... and in the dream , it 's always the same , I wake up in my room from when I be I kid in Ohio , and I realize this be the day of the big exam at school ... mumford 's head rock slowly back for a moment as if he 's go to drift off . he snap back to life and stare hard at the top of lionel 's head , where there be a bald spot start to take hold . the sound of lionel' voice begin to echo -- lionel ... which be no problem for I , because I remember it be come and I have attend every class , so I be totally prepare . then I see myself run down the hall at school ... mumford glance flashpan from lionel 's bald spot to the gleam letter opener . mumford close he eye . we CUT to : int . high school hallway - day a boy , unmistakably the Young lionel , run down the desert hallway toward a bright doorway . [ lionel' dream have a blue tint .] lionel ( v.o. ) ... but it 's not really my school -- and this be very interesting -- it 's the school from the next district -- mumford ( v.o . ) -- go on ! int . high school classroom - day Young lionel come breathlessly in the classroom door and stare alarmed . lionel ( v.o. ) and even though I arrive a little bit early , everybody 's already there . but the surprising part be -- what young lionel sees : everyone in the class , include the teacher in the front , be naked . the teacher hold out a exam toward Young lionel . lionel ( v.o . ) -- I be the only one who 's prepare ! CUT to : int . waiting room , mumford office - day althea brockett , a woman in she forty , sit on the couch read a mail order catalogue for home furnishings . there be several other catalogue stick out of she jamme , woven carry - all . the door to mumford 's inner office open with some force . mumford stand look back across he office at lionel , who be get up from the couch in some confusion . lionel -- you crazy ? you can not do this ! mumford sure I can , lionel . lionel I be a criminal lawyer -- you think I like my client ? I can not stand most of they ! but I do not kick they out ... mumford see that sign -- we retain the right to refuse service to anyone . I be not go to charge you for this session , but I do not want to see you back here . lionel look around , but there be no such sign . he do spot Althea watch the show from the couch . lionel do not you at least have a back door I can use ? mumford come out this way . there 's no shame in get a little therapy ... be there , Althea ? Althea stand up , smile . she think mumford be the bee 's knee . althea not at all . it take gut , lionel . lionel steam by they in a black mood . lionel maybe some of we do not need this crap ! mumford and it 's the hubble telescope , not the himball telescope . lionel bang out the front door . mumford motion Althea inside -- mumford jeez ... what a asshole . Althea head inside , giggle wildly . she can not get enough of this guy . int . mumford office - day Althea be sobbing . mumford hand she a new kleenex from the box next to the couch . she wad it with she current one and try to stop cry . mumford settles back in he chair , patient . althea what do they want from I ? ( more sobbing ) what have I do that 's so wrong ? ( pull it together ) they act as though they do not have they own peculiar thing ... they do ! believe I . everybody 's get something ... ( look at mumford ) even you probably have thing . mumford I more than most . althea why be they gang up against I ? mumford I be not sure . but I think they be worried about you . althea it 's the kid , you know , not Jeremy . he have nothing to do with this -- except pay , of course . he 's always willing to pay . he 's extremely generous . ( a long beat ) I be so humiliate that my own child would threaten I . mumford how do they threaten you ? althea they say if I do not get help , they would not deal with I any more . ( a beseech look ) what do you think about that ? mumford good kid . Althea stare at he a long moment . she know he 's right . tear well up in she eye and roll down she cheek . she grab another kleenex . in the midst of the torrent she try to talk , but it 's undecipherable : althea mmmmfffstttubll abbittmm . mumford hmm ? Althea use three new tissue to dry up she face . althea I say ... you must come out to the house for dinner on Thursday . mumford really ? you think so ? althea yes . Jeremy will be home for the weekend . and you can meet the kid . mumford consider , then nod he assent . ext . mumford STREET - magic mumford hurry up the sidewalk carry two grocery bag . he 's late . the modest house be close together on this pretty street , which rise out of the main business district , see beyond mumford . ext . the duplex house - magic mumford come to the house where he life . he head down the driveway toward the stair that lead up to he apartment . the front yard be completely fence . lily , the owner of the restaurant , be almost visible in there work among the greenery of a lush garden . her friendly dog , ainge , see mumford , leap easily over the fence and do a circle around mumford , who have no free hand to pet he . mumford how ya doin ' , ainge ? evenin ' , lily . lily doc. ( do not look up ) ainge ... the dog leap gracefully back into the yard . mumford hurry up the stair . int . mumford apartment - magic mumford come in and put the bag down on the kitchen counter . he go directly to the table by he main chair and pick up the tv remote . he switch it on and change the channel . the open segment of unsolved mystery be just beginning . it preview the storey on that evening 's episode -- disappearance and unclose case -- with Robert stack host . close on mumford face as he watch . only when the whole show have be preview do he seem to relax . he leave the show on as he go into the kitchen and begin unload the bag . int . cook' hardware store - day mumford be compare different stepladder . mr. cook , the sixty-ish proprietor , have be watch from a distance , but now -- cook Dr. mumford . mumford ( do not really know he ) Mr. cook . cook could you come with I please ? mystify , mumford follow cook through the door into the back . back of the store . cook motion for mumford to take the seat of honor in the work area , but mumford prefer to stand . cook have a little trouble figure how to start . finally -- cook I know I shoulda come to you office . I be gonna , actually , but then when you walk in here today ... mumford uh-huh . cook it 's my daughter sofie ... she 's gotta problem . mumford what 's that ? cook we be not sure . she 's be to all kind of doctor in the city and they have say different thing . some of them be callin ' it -- ( want to get this right ) -- Epstein - barr virus , and the rest be callin ' it ... chronic fatigue symptom ... mumford syndrome ... chronic fatigue syndrome . cook that 's it -- syndrome . so you know all about it ? mumford no ... a little . there 's a lot of debate about it . cook yeah , I get that . some people think it 's all in they head . ( more intense ) it 's be so bad she 's have to move back here to mumford and live with we . and I be not sure that 's the best thing , either ... mumford why 's that ? cook oh ... a lot of thing . several different factor . will you see she , Doctor mumford ? mumford sure . why do not you bring she up to my office at 3 tomorrow afternoon . cook nod , but look worried . cook I be not sure she will come . she 's in a mood . do you ever go to somebody 's house ? mumford generally that do not work out so well . it send the wrong message to people who need to make a change . cook be quick to agree ; he do not want to make wave . but he 's worried . ext . MAIN STREET - day mumford be walk up the busy sidewalk carry he new 5 - foot stepladder hook on he shoulder . folk greet he . suddenly lionel appear in front of mumford , who stop . mumford hello , lionel . lionel you have get to have the right ladder for the job . you do not know what you be do , you can get yourself in trouble . mumford you be right , as usual . see you . mumford continue up the street . we stay with lionel , who watch mumford with a sour look , then turn to enter a small medical building . int . dr . delbanco' office - day dr . ernest delbanco , a middle - age psychiatrist with longish , vanity hair , and phyllis sheeler , a psychologist in she thirty , sit on the doctor 's comfortable furniture , listen . the remain of they take - out lunch be on the coffee table . they seem a little impatient with they as - yet - unseen visitor -- lionel ( o.s. ) ... completely inappropriate and highly unprofessional . now I do not want to presume to tell you how to run you business -- sheeler -- practice . lionel be sit across the room , make a ardent case -- lionel -- whatever . six month ago , you two be the only game in town . the value of you ... ( mock ) ... " practice " could be seriously undermine by this bozo . a town this size have only so many headcase to go around . delbanco what exactly would you have we do , lionel ? lionel protect you turf ! check this guy out . I smell a rat , I tell you . delbanco and sheeler exchange a look ; they find lionel distasteful . sheeler Mr. Dillard , I be sure Dr. delbanco share my gratitude for you concern . but I also know he would agree that you misunderstand the nature of we call to mental health . we be not in some ... widget business , try to crush we competition . lionel what the hell 's a widget ? int . hallway outside dr . delbanco' office - day lionel come out of the office , miff , and go down the stair . a moment later , the door open slightly and delbanco peek out to make sure lionel be go . he close the door on we . int . dr . delbanco' office - day delbanco stand at the door look across the room at sheeler . delbanco what a asshole ! sheeler ( agree ) Ernest , what do you think ? delbanco I think he 's get a point . so do she . ext . baseball diamond - day idyllic . the beautifully manicure field be surround by lush wood . stand about forty foot apart , mumford and skip be alone on the field throw a baseball back and forth . for quite a while the only sound be the bird , the wind , and the regular slap of ball into glove . finally -- skip this be great ! slap ... slap . skip this be exactly what I want . slap ... slap . mumford skip , you must have lot of people you can throw a ball with . skip you would be surprised . most guy have kid or wife or girlfriend . they be busy . it 's not as easy as you think . mumford skip , you be the head of the whole deal here . be they busier than you ? skip well , you know ... that 's the thing . like I say , just about everybody in town work for I . and it 's just not the same ask someone to throw a ball when they work for you . it 's like a order or something ... and no one -- no one -- ask I . mumford consider . slap ... slap ... slap . mumford so , would you say we be out here ... let I think how to put this ... be you problem really that you be ... lonely ? skip do not you like this ? mumford Hell yes , I like it . what 's better than this ? most guy would kill just to have someone do this with they whenever they like . skip okay then . ( slap ... slap ) have you get a lot of friend ? mumford ( " nope " ) lily and I talk a bit . you know lily , run the coffee shop ? skip no ... I have see she . good-look woman . mumford ( agree ) she 's probably ten year older than you . skip ( slap ... slap ) good-look woman . mumford live downstairs from I . she 's get a great dog name for Danny ainge . skip ( spark to that ) really ? I be the only person I know that like Danny ainge , outside of celtic fan . maybe Phoenix . mumford well , there 's lily . skip do you know that Danny ainge be draft by the Blue jay ? do you know what kind of athlete you have to be to play in the NBA and in the big ? mumford amazing . skip unbelievable ... ( slap ... slap ) ... and lily name she dog after he ? Far out . mumford what kind of person do you have to be to do this ? mumford gesture off in the one direction we have not yet see . skip what ? mumford this -- CUT to : reverse angle : the baseball diamond be sit in the vast , lush grounds behind the panda modem world headquarters , a brand new , distinctively original , high - tech office park . wherever there be a opportunity for tasteful signage , it be in the motif of a giant Panda -- sweet white face , black eye and ear , round body . skip be suddenly self - conscious , embarrassed . skip I would have trade any of it to have make the mumford High varsity . mumford take that in . slap ... slap . skip so I guess Henry follett be a patient of yours . he 's my pharmacist . mumford yeah . ( slap ... slap ) guy 's get some serious sex fantasy . skip be a little surprised to hear this from mumford , but he just throw the ball . mumford pretty good , too . lot of detail . nothing hard core . Old - fashioned one , from back when people care about atmosphere and character . skip uh-huh . mumford Problem be , he fantasy life 's a lot better than he real one . nothing can live up to it . his wife get sick of it and leave he . take he kid with she . skip I wonder what happen to she ... skip be fascinate , but a little uncomfortable . mumford seem oblivious , unusually talkative -- mumford of course , it 's not that simple . there 's something powerful go on there . we have get a lot of work to do . ( announcer voice ) it 's hit to the warning track ! for the first time , mumford throw the ball way high , like a long fly ball . skip , delighted as a dog , take off run and just barely catch it on the run . he peg it back to mumford . mumford in this fantasy , Henry follett be play by a handsome guy with biceps . can you imagine that ? where you self - esteem have to be ? ( throw he the ball ) man , I would just like to move the guy to the point where he get to appear in he own fantasy . int . mumford office - day silence . nessa sit stare at mumford defiantly , a unlit cigarette in she mouth . mumford look at the clock -- 3:00 -- and stand up , session over . nessa quickly light she cigarette with the lighter conceal in she hand and stand up too . she exhales a huge cloud of smoke and walk quickly to the back door of the office , which mumford have open for she , and go out . mumford wave half - heartedly at the cloud of smoke as he walk to the door to the wait room and open it . mumford be Pov : as the door swing open , the first figure we see be Mr. cook ; he twist around at the sound of the door . he acknowledge mumford and then sigh as he step aside to reveal , sit exhaust in a chair , he daughter -- sofie -- a young woman whose actual appearance be somewhat disguise at present by she want , ashen visage . she regards mumford with some resignation . her father help she out of the chair . sofie keep she eye on mumford . close on mumford , watch she . int . mumford office - day later . Mr. cook be go . sofie be sit up on the couch , face mumford . she look like she might pass out at any moment , but she voice be stronger than you would expect . mumford feel free to lie down . most people do . sofie I would better not , I will fall right to sleep . I think it 's too soon for I to be sleep with you . a joke . mumford smile . mumford what can you tell I about this ? sofie oh , lord . it 's almost too exhaust to tell you ... ( tiny smile , to herself ) ... about my exhaustion . I do not really want to come . I be not hopeful right now . but I could not take the look on my dad 's face . he 's a truly kind person , which be pretty extraordinary if you know the story . he 's the opposite of I , I guess -- all stamina and resolve . it 's take all she energy to say this and she sink down a bit into the couch . mumford when do you start to feel this way ? sofie about six month ago , I guess it be now . God , it seem like year . what a bore ! I be embarrassed by it . before this happen -- when I would hear people talk about this kind of thing -- I think it be a bunch of bullshit . she see something in he face and suddenly laugh -- it 's a weak but magical sound . mumford what ? sofie you think that now ! you think it 's a bunch of hooey , do not you ? mumford ( unconvincing ) no. sofie I see it . I see it in you eye . mumford be knock off balance -- she 's right . she see he clearly . sofie that 's okay . maybe it be . my mother always say -- " everything that 's wrong with you be in you head . " I suppose that 's true . mumford back when this start , be there anything unusual happen in you life ? a change of job , of live situation ... a loss of some kind ? sofie no ... but it start one year to the day after my divorce become final . that 's not too suspicious , be it ?... but it be not like I be feel bad about the divorce . just the opposite . mumford hmm . sofie hmm ? be that a professional opinion ? mumford hmm , as in -- that 's interesting . sometimes , with enough clue , it 's possible to figure this thing out . sofie even if you do not think it 's real ? mumford I do not know what 's real and what be not . that 's never be my strong suit . but if you be tired all the time and you have have to give up the life you be have and come back home when you do not want to ... that 's worth try to fix . maybe I can help you do that . sofie what would you do ? mumford we ... we would try several thing . but I need to see you a lot . sofie I do not know . I barely make it today . mumford I will come to you . we will try a little walk . sofie suddenly look defeat . mumford we will take it slow . you will never feel you can not handle it . sofie I do not think I can afford it . I do not want my dad pay . mumford we will work it out . sofie give he a long look . sofie you have the best answer for everything . ( mumford shrug ) you seem so ... hopeful . be you always this sunny ? mumford no one ever think so . you must bring it out . sofie be it contagious ? ' Cause everyone agree my immune system 's way down . mumford maybe you will catch it . sofie can I ask you something ? ( mumford : of course ) do not you tell my dad you do not think it be a good idea to come to the patient ? ( he admit it ) so what change ? mumford just smile . he do not want to tell she the truth -- everything . ext . brockett house - magic a taxi drop mumford in front of the brockett 's large and beautiful house , which sit on a isolate lot on the outskirt of town . int . hallway to back veranda , brockett house - magic Althea lead mumford toward the back of the lavishly appoint house . the weird thing , what get in the way of the decor , be the cardboard box of all size which be stack everywhere . many be unopen , but the rest be spilling they styrofoam - nugget and bubble - wrap gut to reveal some hint of they content : a huge variety of catalogue - order houseware , clothing , linen , gadget , and knickknack . if it can be order from a upscale catalogue ( and everything can ) , it be here . Althea sound very nervous , cheery . althea -- sorry everything 's in such a uproar . lot of big occasion come up , and of course Christmas be only eight month away -- ( giggle uncontrollably ) -- I do not know what 's keep Jeremy . you know he stay in the city three night a week -- I guess I explain that ... ( mumford nod ) ... I know Katie 's here , but I be not so sure about Martin ... I be make dinner myself tonight , so I will have to leave you , I be afraid ... ext . rear veranda , brockett house - magic they come out onto the wide porch , which command a spectacular view of the surround countryside . there 's a elaborate bar cart out here , which Althea point mumford toward . althea I be awful I know , but will you please help yourself . I just get a new copper sauciere from Williams - sonoma and I be afraid it will be the death of we all if I do not get back in there ... she disappear inside with a bang of the screen door . mumford get a drink for himself , take in the view . he see something out there . mumford be Pov : Way in the distance , come out of the wood and down toward the house be a teenage boy . katie ( o.s. ) you be the doctor , be not you ? mumford turn to see that Althea 's thirteen year old daughter katie have silently appear . her jeans and little tee-shirt be mean to be sexy ; it seem sad on she . mumford nod . mumford you must be Katie . people call I doc. katie ( motion urgently ) c'mere . Quick ... c' mon ! mumford follow as she disappear around the corner of the porch . int . side hall , brockett house - magic mumford follow Katie into a gloomy hall from a side entrance . here too , the wall be line with box . she tiptoe to one of two face door and wait for he . when he have join she , she motion he back a foot for safety , then carefully open the door to a large walk - in closet . Katie 's caution become understandable : the space be pack so fully and chaotically with catalogue item carton that it might come tumble out the door with one careless move . Katie close the door , then pirouettes to the oppose door , which she swing open freely -- revealing : what be once a study be now completely fill with hundred of carton , in a infinite variety of shape and size . mumford be take aback . Katie point at package and speak in a hypnotic whisper -- katie cuddledown ... line &amp ; lace ... scully &amp ; scully ... Smith &amp ; hawken ... plow &amp ; hearth ... Museum of modern Art ... smithsonian Museum ... J. Crew ... wolferman 's ... hold everything ... nieman Marcus ... coldwater Creek ... garnett Hill ... norm Thompson ... Victoria 's secret ... sharper image ... hammacher schlemmer ... ext . rear veranda , brockett house - magic just as mumford and Katie come back around the corner , martin , Althea 's sixteen year old son , cross the yard and come up onto the porch . he 's wear a old black leather jacket with a lot of zipper , dirty jeans and black converse all - star that be come apart . in he hand , casually but properly hold , be a . 22 caliber rifle . he look mumford over . martin be this he ? katie ( nod ) I show he . martin ( to mumford ) do you get it now ? this be no joke . mumford take they both in and nod . he understand . suddenly , they manner change , for the worse . what they can see that mumford cannot be jeremy brockett , Althea 's husband , who have come to the back screen door , with the bustle of a late arrival . jeremy hey , kid . oh , hi . see mumford , Jeremy step out onto the porch to shake he hand . Jeremy be quite handsome and a fantastic dresser ; he armani outfit cost $ 4200 all in . his tone : hearty and strain -- jeremy you must be Dr. mumford of mumford . Jeremy brockett . mumford doc. Nice to meet you . jeremy sorry I be late ... traffic be a motherfucker . have another drink , I will be back in five . Jeremy go inside . Martin and Katie exchange a look with each other , then to mumford . Martin go inside . dissolve to : ext . rear veranda , brockett house - night later . dinner be over . Jeremy come out onto the veranda carry two Cuban cigar . his casual outfit be as stylish and pricey as he work outfit . he join mumford and Althea , who immediately get up . althea I will be back . she go inside . the man each have a snifter of cognac . Jeremy make a ceremony of cut the cigar -- jeremy I think you will like this . know much about Cuban cigar ? mumford nope . Jeremy put the cigar down , pull a joint out of he cashmere pullover and fire it up . after exhaling a huge cloud of smoke , he offer the joint to mumford , who decline . jeremy make the whole thing that much better . Jeremy take another hit on the joint and put it down . he give a cigar and he gold lighter to mumford , who begin to light up -- jeremy just hold the flame a little bit below the end ... that 's it ... now just turn it slowly as you draw ... mumford do as he 's tell . Jeremy light he own cigar . jeremy be you a man who like to treat himself right ? mumford I have have my moment . jeremy I be . and I be not ashamed of it . nobody ever say on they death bed -- " I treat myself too well . " mumford I think it be -- nobody ever say , " I should have spend more time at the office . " jeremy fill in the blank . I do not mind the office . the point be , you only go 'round once . like the Zen say -- be here now . mumford what do you do ? jeremy Althea have not tell you ? mumford ( no ) we have be talk about she , mostly . jeremy well , in ' 85 four of we leave we firm and form a investment banking venture . we have get twenty - three people work there now . mumford you have do well . the marijuana be kick in now -- Jeremy get a self - satisfied , condescending look on he face that no straight mind would dare . his response include they lavish immediate surroundings -- jeremy we have do ... very well . you know anything about addiction , Doc ? mumford a little . jeremy well , I be addict to win . I say when you be in the red zone , you gotta score . ( watch mumford smoke ) so what do you think ? mumford tastes good . jeremy no ... I mean about Althea . about she ... ( make a face ) ... behavior . do you think you can fix she up ? mumford what do you think 's wrong with she ? jeremy she 's go weird be what 's wrong with she . out of control . probably from live out here in mayberry . Jeremy blow cigar smoke into he snifter , then take a mouthful of cognac , savore the sensation . mumford watch , fascinate by this guy . jeremy you be the doctor , what do you think ? mumford she seem very unhappy . Jeremy give he a look , as if to say " duh . " jeremy I think we all know that , professor . the question ... the real -- ( draw out , stone ) -- quest-tio-nee ... be ... why ? mumford look at he a long time . ext . road into mumford - night Jeremy brockett 's mercede 500 sl whip around a curve . int . brockett' mercede - night Martin be drive mumford back to town . martin but you know how to drive ? mumford sure . martin get a license ? ( yes ) but no car ? mumford do not need it . martin I just get my license two week ago . mumford you be good . martin I be drivin ' since I be twelve . mumford that would explain it . martin can you help Mom ? mumford I be try . martin ( intense ) get to . they drive in silence for a bit . then -- martin nessa watkin ... she come to you , do not she ? you be treat she , right ? mumford give he a surprised look , then acknowledge it . martin what 's wrong with she ? mumford be she a friend of yours ? martin no ... sort of . man , she could be cool , but all she do be get wreck and do all the guy . she 's blowin ' they in the parking lot . mumford know that . martin a person 's get to hate themselves to act like that . mumford regards Martin with respect , then turn to look out front . after a few moment -- martin have you ever meet a bigger shithead than my stepfather ? ext . the duplex house - night lily be walk ainge as the mercede pull up and mumford get out . ainge run happily around the car and put he paw up on the driver 's door to greet Martin ; we hear the click scratch of he nail on the surface . Martin rub the dog 's head . lily ainge ! martin that 's okay . Jeremy will not mind . good dog . lily ainge ! the dog obediently leave Martin and run back to lily . mumford wave as Martin pull away . lily ( to ainge ) do we run into the street ? no , I do not think so . ( look after Martin ) Nice car . how 's that place ? mumford it 's a pretty piece of land . they walk up the block with the dog . lily and the brockett ? mumford horror show . what would you do tonight ? lily it be insane here , man . ' hadda call in the National Guard . ( he nod ) then I do my laundry ... watch 20/20 . mumford ... and ? lily shock . do you know the government be wasteful ? ( mumford react ) you hear it here first . oh , and be a supermodel ... it 's no walk in the park . mumford why do you watch ? lily no gentleman caller , doc. ( they turn back ) not that I care . I have have it with man . they be so fascinate by they own crap . take I four year to get the last one out . almost turn I into a dyke ... this day my idea of a hot date be a long shower by myself before bed . now that feel good . and you do not have to do all that ... listen . mumford laugh . lily oops ... sorry . I guess that 's the story of you life . int . mumford office - day tight on computer screen . a health information " library " website have be call up on mumford 's office computer . right now it 's beginning to spew information about " chronic fatigue syndrome " -- definition , Signs and symptom , Diagnostic measure , etc . mumford be hunch over the computer , read avidly . his printer be churn out hard copy . ext . front porch , cook house - day mumford come out the front door and hold it open for sofie . he offer he arm and she take it tentatively . sofie I be not make any promise . mumford we will turn back anytime you want . sofie ( see something ) oh boy ... this should be interesting . mumford look out toward the street . a woman in she fifty be turn into the front walk . she stare at they , unsmile , as the two party converge . she be mrs. cook . sofie hello , mother . I want you to meet Dr. mumford . mrs . cook mumford ... like the town ? mumford ( offer he hand ) yes . it 's nice to meet you , Mrs. cook . she finally take he hand , but it 's not friendly . mrs . cook what 's happen here ? sofie we be go for a walk . mrs . cook do you think that 's a good idea ? sofie Dr. mumford do , yes . I have put myself completely in he hand . for today , anyway . mrs . cook what kind of doctor be you ? mumford Ph.D. , psychologist . mrs . cook oh ... not a real doctor . mumford that 's right , the fake kind . Mrs. cook be not amused . sofie pull on mumford . sofie we would better go or I be liable to bail on the whole thing . Mrs. cook step aside as they move up the walk . ext . sidewalk , near the cook house - day mumford and sofie , foreground , walk slowly up the block . in the background , Mrs. cook watch for awhile before go inside . sofie Mom 's such a cutie . mumford people usually have to get to know I before they hate I . sofie she 's not in a bad mood . she 's like that all the time . ( a beat ) it do not bother I anymore . it 's my dad and my brother I worry about . mumford maybe ... but you be the one whose ass be drag . sofie ( laugh ) be that the technical description of what I have get ? mumford be she against you get help ? sofie we do not discuss it . mumford something 's bother she . sofie oh , we have all disappointed she . I , especially , but dad , of course . she think my brother 's all right , but she do not expect much . it 's what happen when you " marry beneath yourself " ... sofie suddenly seem to be fade . mumford please ... forgive I . sofie what ? mumford negative think make everything more difficult . if you be go to have enough strength to do this , we have to talk only about positive thing . all right ? she look at he , unsure if he 's serious . it seem so corny . but she agree . mumford okay then ... be you positive you mother 's a bitch ? ( she laugh , surprised ) just kid . sofie you have get a funny idea of funny . mumford ( seem worried ) I have offended you ! sofie no . mumford really ? what would it take ? she laugh again ; surprised again . he 's get she off balance make a " rim shot " sound . sofie be this the treatment ? mumford sorry ... I be do . sofie ' Cause I will tell you , none of the other have try this approach . they have come to the corner . he gesture to ask -- " shall we cross ? " she consider for quite a while , gaug she strength , then , still on he arm , step off the curb -- sofie ( absurdly unconvincing ) hey , ' just do it ! ' they cross out of frame as we hear : mumford ( o.s. ) I want you to tell I all you symptom . ext . path by river - day another day . they be dress differently . sofie seem more vigorous . sofie I be embarrassed . the list be so long . mumford be specific . sofie well ... I be tired all the time , obviously . I always feel like take a nap . but when I try to sleep , I have trouble . ( mumford nod ) my muscle ache . and my joint . I feel like a old person , or like I do back when I use to work out too hard ... what else ?... int . mumford office - day close on computer screen . under the list of Signs and symptom : " sore throat . " mumford ( v.o. ) sore throat ? sofie ( v.o. ) uh-huh . on the screen : " low grade fever ... painful lymph gland ... irritability ... " mumford ( v.o. ) low grade fever ? ext . path by river - day sofie nod . mumford painful lymph gland ? ( yes ) forget fulness ... irritability ... depression ? sofie yes , yes , and definitely yes . also ... I get confuse . mumford yeah , most people have that . it 's confusing here . sofie where ? mumford life . ext . high school athletic field - day another day . mumford be lead sofie through the lightest set of calisthenics ever devise . now they be do waist bend and arm wave . even so , it 's take everything sofie 's get . sofie I do not know if I mention the headache . mumford do you get headache before this ? ( sofie : yes ) but you get more now ? or more severe ? sofie no , not really . they be about the same . my marriage be one long headache . mumford so the headache may not even be a part of this ? she consider that , reluctantly agree . mumford I can give myself a headache instantly . sofie be that like a party trick ? mumford all I have to do be have two conflict thought at the same time ... like I will think -- ' take this walk be go to help sofie get better . ' but then I will also think -- ' mumford , you just enjoy take this walk and you be kid yourself about the benefit . ' sofie 's not sure how to take that . she look away . mumford there ... I have give myself a real whopper . sofie you actually address yourself by name in you thought ? ( mumford laugh ) so you really think have two oppose idea in you head do some kind of damage ? mumford sometimes , yeah ... pull in two different direction at once . it make tiny little tear in we fabric . sofie well then , my life have be some kind of huge rip . int . boarding house ( in henry follett' fantasy ) - day the handsome Newcomer of follett 's fantasy come down the step from the attic wear a sleeveless undershirt , towel throw over he shoulder . he go into the bathroom off the second floor hall and begin to wash up . [ again , follett 's fantasy world be in black &amp ; white . ] follett ( v.o. ) the town be a rube 's heaven , but I find work my first day out down at Old man sutter 's gas station and diner . I know he stack young wife be go to be a problem , but , hey , life be full of problem . back at the board house , I be wash up when I hear a load of yellin ' and -- in the bathroom mirror , the Newcomer 's Pov : a nubile teenager , 17 go on 35 , in a tight cheerleader 's outfit , come up the stair and stop at the top to turn and yell back down at she mother . her dialogue distant and echoey : landlady's daughter ... get off my case ! you do not like any of my friend ... follett ( v.o. ) ... I get my first look at the landlady 's daughter . the landlady's daughter look up and see the Newcomer watch she through the half - open bathroom door . she give he a petulant , white - hot look , then turn on she heel and go into she room at that end of the hall . she bang she door behind she , but it bounce open again about a foot . the Newcomer , still watch in the bathroom mirror , now have a view of the bureau mirror in the landlady 's daughter 's room . in there , seemingly oblivious , the girl quickly strip off the top of she outfit , revealing a ' 50' - era white bra . follett ( v.o. ) lucky for I , she be plenty upset but not too careful . suddenly , in mirror reflection of mirror , the landlady 's daughter meet the Newcomer 's smolder stare and she lip begin to curl . follett ( v.o . ) or maybe it be not a accident at all -- mumford ( v.o. ) Mr. follett . follett ( v.o. ) -- ' cause in that instant I see the beginning of a vixen 's smile and I know -- mumford ( v.o. ) Henry ! mysteriously , the door to the girl 's bedroom slam shut , cut off the Newcomer 's view . he look with surprise into he mirror -- it suddenly shatter . int . mumford office - day follett sit up abruptly on the couch and twist toward mumford , agitate . follett what ? mumford stop now . follett why ? I be pay for this . mumford not for this . not I , you be not . follett ( challenging ) you find it distasteful , do not you ? mumford it do not matter how I feel about it . it 's how you feel about it that matter . follett I enjoy it . do that make I some kind of pervert ? just because a man have a rich imaginative life -- mumford you do not come to I because you have a rich imagination . follett no ? mumford you come because it 's take over . you be in its grip . follett I never say that . mumford 's tone suddenly pick up a touch of steel . mumford where 's you wife , Henry ? follett flinch , settles back down onto the couch , sulk . mumford where 's you wife , Henry ? follett go to hell . mumford ( softer ) I do not hear you . follett mutter something to himself , then be silent until -- follett we get divorced . ( petulant ) I have to get rid of she . she could not satisfy I . mumford ( shout , follett jump ) what ?! follett seem to shrink in size . they have be here before and he do not like it . follett ( softly ) I be ... never satisfied . mumford ( normal again ) now we be back on track . again , follett say something under he breath . mumford what 's that ? follett ( long beat ) you be so mean . ext . hiking trail - magic mumford stride up the trail on he late day excursion . he come around a bend and be surprised to find skip wait for he , look serious . mumford hey , skip . skip Doc . I know we be not suppose to get together till Wednesday ... mumford that 's all right . what 's on you mind ? mumford indicate that skip should walk with he up the trail . skip how many session have we have now , Doc ? ( mumford try to remember ) six . and it 's be good ... like we be two buddy hang out . just shootin ' the shit . mumford yep . they walk in silence for a while . skip this be really hard . everything I want to say be hard ... ext . big rock lookout point - magic mumford and skip come out of the tree , climb onto the big rock , and settle down . the sun be fall over the town of mumford . skip ... we be like friend , almost ... who trust each other . he check mumford 's reaction . mumford nod , offer skip water , who turn it down . mumford take a swig . skip I want to tell you something , Doc , but before I do , I need to ask you a question ... because , for I to tell you this thing -- well , I have not tell anybody about this . it 's the biggest secret I have get . mumford sometimes it 's best to keep a few thing just for ourselves . skip you be a shrink , Doc . be not I suppose to be able to tell you everything ? mumford it 's just a think . skip , even more unsure now , look away , at the town below . skip that really relate to the thing I want to ask you ... I have notice that sometimes , not a lot , but sometimes , when we be hang out , throwin ' the ball ... or that time we go bowl ... sometimes you will like -- ( get it out fast --) -- tell I thing about you other patient . mumford let that hang a few moment , then acknowledge it silently . now skip be even more nervous . skip hey , maybe that 's all right ! I do not know all that much about psychology or therapy or ... ethic , so maybe there 's something I miss ... or something ... mumford you be concerned that maybe I can not be trust with a secret . skip I trust you . definitely . no question . but , yeah , I be a little concerned . I mean , you be not suppose to tell anyone about you patient ' problem ... be you ? mumford look at skip for a long moment . mumford that be correct , skip . I be go to have to take a long look at that . the conversation seem to end there . skip 's not sure where to go next . finally -- skip yeah , well ... what I be gonna tell you -- mumford -- skip . know what you do about I -- skip Doc , I trust you ! you have listen to I better than anybody ... maybe ever . ( lean in , intense ) and this secret I have get , I can not stand it anymore . I do not know if I be some kind of -- skip look around at the darken wood , though clearly there 's no one around . skip -- I do not know if I be a pervert or what . it 's take I this long to get where I can come out and say it ... I can not back away now . I can not spend another day not know if I be nut . skip close he eye for a second and gather himself . skip all right , I be just gonna tell you , as simple and direct as I can . ( one last spasm of doubt ) and you understand that this be a big secret ? just between we ? ( mumford do ) okay . you know I have get this gift for certain kind of ... machine . mumford you be Panda , monarch of modem . skip that 's right . and you also know that even though I make 23 % of the modem in the world ... I can not make one simple connection with any woman who could truly love I . mumford okay ... let 's say that , for now . skip it 's true , believe I . so ... do you know what I have be do , all alone , in my workshop , for almost two year ?... Mr. find-the-need-and - fill - it. how I spend my every solitary hour ? mumford shake he head , " no . " skip guess . ( mumford demur ) go ahead , guess ! mumford ( if he must ) jerk off ? skip no !... although that 's a good guess . no , what I have be work on , what the world really need and no one have be able to create -- ( lean in , whisper ) -- a virtually life - like , humanoid , gender -specific , anatomically functional ... sexual surrogate slash companion . mumford try to put that all together . finally -- mumford slash what ? skip sexual surrogate ... slash ... companion . mumford a doll ? skip no , Doc , not a doll . I be Panda . I be talk about much , much more than a doll . the world have never see what I be talk about ... except maybe in the movie . mumford consider that a long time , watch as the sun finally sink below the horizon . he look back at skip . mumford how 's it come ? skip you do not think I be insane ? mumford ( " no " ) and that 's you secret ? ( skip : " yes " ) you mean -- like a trade secret ? skip no , Doc , a private secret ! it 's pervert , it 's pitiful . what be I -- Dr. frankenstein ? be not you repulse ? mumford sound like kind of a good idea . skip ( nonpluss ) really ? mumford definitely . it 's get dark fast now . mumford reach into he bag and take out the headlamp we see earlier . he fit the strap carefully over he head . mumford skip , that 's not much of a secret . skip ( hurt ) it 's not ? mumford oh , it 's okay . it 's just not something to be ashamed of . maybe you do not want people know -- and believe I , it 's safe with I -- but on the scale of dirty little secret , I would give it , say ... a two . mumford twist the headlamp and the light shine out in the dusk . mumford turn the beam directly at skip . mumford you want to know a secret ? I will tell you a secret . since it 's just between we and all ... skip , hang on every word now , agree emphatically . mumford the secret , skip , be this -- I be not now , nor have I ever be ... a psychologist . at first , skip think he 's misunderstand mumford . but in the huge silence that ensue , he replay it and know he 's hear right . mumford look around , adjust he headlamp , and get up . mumford we would better get go . just follow my light . and , skip , watch you step . ext . mumford porch , the duplex house - night this porch be directly above lily 's porch . mumford and skip sit nursing beer . there 's a cooler on the floor . mumford 's leg be propped up on the porch railing skip who else know ? mumford just you . skip it 's time you do some talkin ' , Dr. mum -- wait a minute . that be you name , be not it ? mumford take a drink of beer . skip damn ! what be you name ? mumford do not matter . you can call I Doc . skip it matter to I . mumford gesture : " sorry , no can do . " skip I have tell you a lot of private stuff . mumford I can tell you anything else . skip what about everything ? how do this happen ? mumford look at skip , consider . he take a long pull from he beer , then look at the frosty bottle . mumford do you know that every species of mammal have find some way to drug , inebriate , or anestnetize itself ? even if it 's just bang its head against a rock . seem to be some natural urge ... to get away for a while . ( one more look at skip ) I have have it for as long as I can remember . the first place I want out of be home ... as mumford talk we see image from he past , all from mumford Pov . we do not see he in the scene . instead , everyone else in the scene relate to the camera as mumford , even if they be just ignore he . ext . mumford childhood home , bald knob , west virginia - magic moving fast ( mumford childhood Pov ) toward the back door of a rundown , little house in a poor mining community . we reach the back door and bang inside -- int . mumford childhood home - magic the cramped interior be grimy and depress . mumford mother worse for wear , have just put a glass of liquor on the sink and return she attention to the smoking stovetop . she glance briefly at mumford and greet he pleasantly , clearly drunk . suddenly , she attention shift and we -- pan to the front door which be open roughly by mumford father , a coal miner whose face still show the grime of he work . but it 's he scary scowl that impress . his eye take in he wife ( and she drink ) but he say nothing . he barely give mumford a glance as he drop he lunch pail on the table and disappear into another room . mumford ( v.o. ) I think I have the best parent in bald knob , West Virginia ... till I be seven year old and get a look at some other . they be not bad folk ... at the dinner table . across the table , mumford older sister eat with she head down . on the right , mumford 's mother be pick at she food . mumford 's Pov shift to he Father , who be yell something at he wife . mumford ( v.o. ) ... but they be real unhappy about be who they be ... now , he Father look suddenly at mumford ; he hand shoot out to slap mumford 's face , and the image goe black , then immediately fade up again on -- int . high school classroom , west virginia - day tight on a test paper be laid on a old - fashioned student desk . scrawle in red pencil at the top : " a -- outstanding ! " tilt up to the old classroom , full of kid get they test back . across the aisle , look at camera with disgust , be a sixteen year old boy , mumford classmate . mumford ( v.o . ) it make no sense that school come easy for I ... I do not do much work , and there be a proud tradition in my family of be really dumb . my friend do not like it much . it make they distrust I ... ext . football field - night from inside a helmet : the brutal chaos of crash body in a Friday night high school football game . mumford be violently hit . we view be smashed so deep into the muddy turf that again the image goe black , then quickly fade up again on -- int . / ext . lover' lane , wood - night tight on a can of " iron CITY " Beer in mumford Pov as he put it on the roof of a green nash rambler and duck into the back seat . in the shadow be a teen - age girl , mumford date . as mumford move toward she , she flame a bic lighter and gleefully light a fat joint ; she blouse be unbuttone and gape . mumford ( v.o. ) on the other hand , it make some of my classmate like I better ... I do not know what it be in I , maybe some gene from my mom , maybe some discomfort with myself , but early on I be draw to any substance that make I numb ... ext . high school football field - day graduation ceremony . mumford Pov move across a platform toward the diploma be proffer by the principal . pan to mumford 's Parents , dress up and proud , in the audience . mumford ( v.o. ) when I get a scholarship to go out of state to college , I be the first one in my extend family who would go beyond high school . at graduation , my folk look like a normal , happy couple , which I guess they be about 10 % of the time ... out in public . int . university dormitory hallway - day tight on a dorm room door as it be push open . mumford be new roommate , a craze , middle - class doper , have he stuff spread around and be settle in the midst of the chaos . he look up at the arrive mumford with a maniacal , stone smile . mumford ( v.o. ) my roommate be from a planet I have never hear of call scarsdale , where everything be the opposite of West Virginia ... int . college apartment - night tight on a bong fill with white smoke . we follow it up the tube to a pretty coed , who inhale deeply , then blow a seductive cloud directly at mumford . the room be full of party student . mumford ( v.o. ) all the other kid , in fact , seem to know thing I do not . they be friendly enough , but in four year , I never get over feel that I have sneak in ... and be about to be expose as the hillbilly and imposter I actually be . int . bedroom , student apartment - night funky decor , red scarf over the lamp create a sexy glow . mumford Pov move toward a undulate shape hide by a sheet on the bed . he reach out and lift the edge to reveal the pretty coed , now naked , giggle , she extend hand offer a tab of acid right up to camera . mumford ( v.o. ) the thing that always make that feeling go away be ... fun . fun be drug , fun be sex , fun be aggressively do nothing . the only problem I have with degenerate , self - destructive behavior be ... I could not get enough of it . int . university classroom - day a professor approach camera and lay a fresh examination on the desk in front of mumford . the problem be -- mumford be so doped up the classroom be swim and the examination paper keep change shape . mumford ( v.o. ) all that fun eventually have a impact on the work I be do . I figure , what the hell , it be only college , after all . I would straighten up when I go out in the real world ... int . office build corridor - night tight on several amphetamine capsule be dumped into mumford 's palm over a water fountain . they disappear toward camera as we dip down toward the stream of water . mumford ( v.o. ) I do not want to jump into my career right out of college . and since I have no career , that turn out to be not much of a problem ... mumford Pov lift from the fountain and turn to the endless , desert corridor of the huge building . we begin tracking down the hall , check out the various doorway . a Cleaning Crew appear far up ahead . mumford ( v.o. ) I have a series of challenging job over the next few year ... ext . alley - day we pan from the back of a garbage truck to a mess of garbage container , and move toward they . int . gas station - night tight on two line of cocaine . we dip toward they , then up again and they be go . pan to reveal we be in a closet off the brightly - light office of a all - night gas station . a patron be wait impatiently out by the pump . ext . second floor porch , the duplex house - night back to present . skip watch mumford intently . mumford ... pizza delivery , pipe fitting , pest control ... lot of job that start with the letter " p " . for some reason , I keep lose this job . ( take a swig of beer ) the only mind - alter substance I never have a problem with be alcohol . I never get drunk . I do not like the feel . but really , when you be as fuck up as I be ... big deal . mumford stand up and stretch , then sit on the railing face skip . mumford eventually , do all this different job , I notice something . for some reason , probably because I be too stone to talk , everywhere I go -- int . / ext . series of shot -- talking head we see various CO - worker from mumford 's job . the environment be radically different , but the activity be always the same -- the co-worker in question be pour he heart out to camera . mumford ( v.o. ) -- people would talk to I , tell I everything ... they storey , they problem , they innermost thought . sometimes they would pretend they need advice , but mostly people just want someone to listen . int . crawlspace under house - day mumford moving Pov as he crawl into the darkness , a insecticide sprayer ahead of he . he push at a cinderblock -- mumford ( v.o. ) anyway , one day I be spraying for termite when I have a vision -- the cinderblock tip over and a swarm of scary - look spider come rush out toward camera . mumford ( v.o. ) -- it be time to put my college degree to work and get a job with a desk . smash CUT to : int . government office - day from behind a desk in the middle of a huge sea of desk . mumford ( v.o. ) I take the civil service exam and find myself work at the Internal Revenue service , District 14 , Central administrative Office . I start off as a general record clerk ... series of shot : computer record scrolling rapidly , paper file be pull , document be route . mumford ( v.o. ) I guess the standard be not too high there , because my superior get excited and push I to take the advancement test ... int . ymca gym - night a intense basketball game . the ball zip from behind camera ( mumford ) to a older guy , mumford supervisor , under the basket ; he lay it in easily , then come over to high - five . mumford ( v.o. ) one guy in particular think I should be a Revenue Officer . there be more money to be make as you classification go up . which have a lot of appeal to I ... int . kitchen table , mumford CITY apartment ( past ) - night a cocaine mill be load with white chunks and screw shut in mumford be Pov ; the steady grind begin . spread across the messy kitchen table be the regular user 's paraphernalia . mumford ( v.o. ) ... since , even though I be certain I could stop anytime I want , I have develop a real affection for cocaine . it be my favorite hobby I have ever have . int . internal revenue service office - day mumford Pov shift around the office . first , he 's look at a irate taxpayer yell across a desk at a revenue officer , who remain unruffled -- mumford ( v.o. ) but I sure do not want to be a Revenue Officer , where you be face to face abuse -- and get abuse -- all day long ... his Pov pan with a couple of intense collection agent who pass behind the first scene on they way out of the office . mumford ( v.o. ) ... and be a Collection agent be definitely not in my genetic make - up ... his Pov stop , let the Collection Agents go , on another fellow , with the disreputable , cocksure demeanor of a private dick , who be lolling near the water cooler , watch the altercation with amusement . he be gregory , a IRS investigator . mumford ( v.o. ) but there be one job that look like it might be fun -- investigator . skip ( v.o. ) be you tell I you last job before become a psychologist be -- ext . second floor porch , the duplex house - night back to present . skip be lean intensely toward mumford . skip -- a investigator for the Internal Revenue service ? mumford everybody have a story , skip . skip sound like you have several . mumford what it feel like be ... a series of separate , unconnected life -- hillbilly kid , wreck college boy , garbage man , civil service guy ... ( yul brynner accent ) ...et cetera ... et cetera . every time I would leave a life , it feel good . whatever problem I be have be suddenly go . I have no friend and I do not talk to my family . the only constant , stabilize force in my life be ... drug . skip a IRS investigator with a drug problem ? mumford it be not the best situation . skip do you carry a gun ? mumford do not need one . we do not even need a warrant for most of the shit we do . man , the IRS ... we could go in you bank account , you credit card ... hell , we use to go into doctor ' file and get all the juicy detail . nobody want to argue with the IRS . ext . alley , rear of dry cleaning facility - magic moving Pov as mumford follow gregory down the gloomy alley to a corner where they can spy at the scene beyond . mumford ( v.o. ) I get team with one of the top guy , a fanatic name Gregory . he always get he man , whether they deserve it or not . he be a " closer " and everybody admire that ... what they see : the dry cleaning boss , a Middle - Eastern fellow , be stand at the back door of he place pay he asian employee in cash as they leave . mumford ( v.o. ) he would make the case and the Collection guy would come in and clean up . we specialty be ... sleazy skulking ... Gregory turn to look at camera ( mumford ) with a devilish grin . mumford ( v.o. ) we be a good team . I be a dope addict and Gregory be insane . int . gregory's house , CITY STREET - night mumford Pov as he support a drunken Gregory as they stagger down the sidewalk to a row house . holding Gregory up on the other side , be candy , Gregory 's pretty wife . they wrangle Gregory up the front step . Gregory stumble inside and mumford retreat down the step , he eye still on the front door . candy appear there and stare down at mumford , who stop where he be . mumford ( v.o . ) of course , he be insane do not make it all right that I fall in love with he wife . skip ( v.o. ) Holy shit ! ext . second floor porch , the duplex house - night mumford settles back in he chair as skip shake he head , astound . mumford ( announcer - like ) " get to know you therapist . " skip you be mess up , man . mumford ( dry ) but look at I now ... skip hey , you have do good . look at yourself ... you have clean up , you have get a career -- skip stop , remember the truth , realize . mumford smile . skip at least you pull yourself out ... mumford thing get a lot worse . skip you and candy ...? int . bedroom , mumford CITY apartment - day mumford Pov from he bed . candy finish dress across the room . she look at camera , she face full of the pain of leave . ext . firescape / roof , build in CITY - day moving Pov as mumford follow Gregory up the ladder and onto the roof of this old building in a rundown industrial neighborhood . mumford ( v.o. ) the way the District manager get ahead and win they bonuse be by generate maximum payment . that mean the revenue officer have to use all they " collection tool " -- seizure , lien , levie -- even if a more reasonable compromise could have be work out . the best way to reduce resistance from the taxpayer be to build a convincing case -- whether there would actually be a violation or not ... mumford follow Gregory , crawl , to the edge of the roof and look down on a building one block over . it be a small furniture factory . employee be eat they lunch on the load dock . mumford ( v.o. ) that 's where we come in . we dm be a particular sonuvabitch , and he know just how to get Gregory crazy . int . ethnic restaurant - night mumford Pov take in he attractive date next to he , then pan to candy and Gregory across the table . everybody 's laugh . candy flash mumford a momentary special look . mumford Pov guiltily pan to Gregory . do he see it ? mumford ( v.o. ) so several thing be work on Gregory when we start building a case against a furniture maker name edmond worrell ... ext . parking lot , furniture factory - magic binocular view of edmond worrell and mrs . worrell as they get in a cadillac at the end of a workday . mumford ( v.o. ) ... and he family . int . business office , worrell furniture factory - night lit by powerful flashlight , Gregory and mumford attack the file of the company , both in cabinet and on computer . mumford ( v.o. ) Gregory be act more and more irrational . we start do thing that be over the line even for the IRS . when I look back on it now , I be sure Gregory must have know about candy and I . on we team , I have become ... int . men' room , worrell furniture factory - night extreme close - up a line of cocaine on the top of a toilet tank as it be suck out of sight . mumford ( v.o. ) ... the responsible one . int . bedroom , mumford CITY apartment - day mumford Pov be a blurry shape until candy move up and away , she face sweaty and arouse , torso naked . she 's on top of mumford . int . government car - day mumford 's Pov slide into the passenger seat . Gregory be already sit in the driver 's seat . he stare at mumford a long time . int . corridor , shabby office build - day mumford be follow Gregory and revenue officer mclure down the hall . they reach a door with the paint sign : " SAMUEL gorbeck , c.p.a . " mumford ( v.o. ) sometimes when a case do not work out right , Gregory and this Revenue Officer name mclure would put the squeeze on the subject 's accountant ... as they start to enter , soft CUT to : int . gorbeck's inner office - day gorbeck listen , intimidate by mclure , who sit on the accountant 's desk , and Gregory , who be move around the office -- snooping . mumford ( v.o. ) there be not many accountant who do not have something to worry about with the service ... int . IRS office - day edmond worrell , he wife , he adult son and daughter , worrell's lawyer , and , finally , the accountant gorbeck be ushere toward a conference room by mclure , Gregory and some other IRS type . gorbeck sneak a nervous look at mumford . Gregory , who now appear slightly mad , motion for mumford to join they . mumford ( v.o. ) the party meet repeatedly over a period of month . the IRS offer to settle for a sizable but , they say , fair amount . worrell say he would do nothing wrong and threaten to fight it all the way to Washington . he seem pretty strong . I be secretly pull for he . mclure and the District manager step up the pressure . ext . parking lot , worrell furniture factory - day moving Pov out the windshield of Gregory 's government car as it come speed into the parking lot . there be two flash squad Cars and a ambulance at the entrance . as Gregory 's car hit a speedbump , the image begins to slow down -- mumford ( v.o. ) what none of we down at the service know be that edmond worrell have a story too ... worrell 's be that he would be fight chronic depression for thirty year . under the heat of the investigation , he fall off he medication . one Tuesday morning , he go down to the factory early , write he family a letter , then use the 9 mm automatic they keep there to kill himself ... the dm drop the case that day and start proceedings to get rid of Gregory ... the image have slowed to a still . it now dissolves to : ext . gregory's house , CITY STREET - night mumford 's Pov as he come up the step . the front door open before he get there . candy , she face bruise , she eye red , come into view , she have a suitcase in hand . mumford ( v.o. ) Gregory go home drunk , beat up candy and go out to drink some more . candy tell I she do not want to see I again . she hate we both and she be leave we both ... it make perfect sense to I . I feel the same way ... int . bedroom , mumford CITY apartment - night mumford be frantically , futilely look for a imagine drug stash . he 's ransacke the place and be now throw the clothes out of a drawer . int . bathroom , mumford CITY apartment - night mumford look desperately through the pill bottle and detritus in he squalid medicine cabinet . mumford ( v.o. ) ... in fact , I be jealous of candy . I want to leave too , just like she ... get as far away from -- give up , mumford slam the medicine cabinet shut and for the first time since he story began , we see mumford in he previous incarnation . and this be probably as bad as he ever look . he stare at he image in the mirror . mumford ( v.o. ) -- I ... as possible . ext . second floor porch , the duplex house - night skip be stare at mumford . empty beer bottle be line up on the porch railing . skip and so you do ... mumford nod . skip and the drug ? mumford harder than I think . take I three try . but I be highly motivate -- figure there be no point in leave I and take that along . after two bomb-out , I find a place in the desert ... int . desert drug rehab CENTER - sunrise a venetian blind be raise , revealing sunrise over a desert landscape . mumford ( v.o. ) the joint be not fancy -- it be run by a order of monk -- but it work . when I get out of there , I be just about break ... ext . second floor porch , the duplex house - night mumford get up from he chair and move toward he door . mumford ... which seem perfect for start something new . be back . mumford go inside . skip sit listen to the night . from downstairs , in lily 's apartment , he hear a shower go on . mumford come back out . skip somebody 's take a shower down there . mumford that would be lily . skip I wish I could live in the shower . I would take five a day if I have the time . I go to this spa in Germany , a sanitarium practically , up on this mountain . and the great thing -- they just keep you wet all day . mumford who would you go with ? ( skip : " alone " ) that 's not good . skip how would you do it ? ( mumford be confuse ) the new you . mumford you know how easy it be . a kid can manage it if he want a fake i.d . you can do practically the whole deal at you local kinko 's . the only variable be how much pride you take in the product . skip I know it start with a birth certificate ... mumford all new people start with that ... int . anonymous work room - day on a computer screen a elaborate graphic program be create the filigreed border of a birth certificate that already bear the official - look design of " Green County , State of West Virginia " . mumford ( v.o. ) with desktop publishing , you do not have to deal with printer , supply house , or pesky government agency . eventually you do have to get you hand on a typewriter . ever see one of that , skip ? as the border be complete , we push in and dissolve through to : surface of a desk , with a electric Smith - corona typewriter ( late ' 50 's vintage ) . extreme close - up of the key hammer out individual letter and number : date , hospital , attend physician . skip ( v.o. ) ( play along ) be that like a mimeograph ?... what about the name ? ext . second floor porch , the duplex house - night mumford look at skip . mumford what about it ? skip " mumford " ... I mean , why pick the name of the town you be go to ? mumford oh . you get it backwards . I already have the name when I start look for somewhere to settle . when I see this town on a map , I think maybe it be a sign . see ... int . anonymous work room - day the typewriter be just pound out : michael oliver mum -f-o - R-D. mumford ( v.o. ) ... mickey mumford be in miss Rice 's kindergarten class with I . he be kill with he parent in a wreck on they way back from a steeler game . he be only six year old , which be a real plus , so there 's a birth certificate if anyone check -- but not much else . they die in Pennsylvania , so there 's no death certificate in West Virginia ... that 's also good . on a kitchen table , the new birth certificate , now fill out for Michael mumford , be carefully lift from a shallow bowl of light tea ( the tea bag be nearby ) . the paper have take on a age , sepia look . CUT to : a stack of book . the one on top be lift away . the bottom book be open to reveal the birth certificate . it have be fold in a official way . now mumford unfold it , then refold it differently -- with its smudge and crease , it 's start to look old . skip ( v.o. ) and a birth certificate be enough ? mumford ( v.o. ) everything flow from that , and what do not ... can be easily purchase . series of shot of mumford 's documentation piling up . a post office box be emptied , official - look correspondence be open , the bounty be laid out for perusal : Social Security card , driver 's license , college and graduate school diploma , license and accreditation to operate as a therapist . mumford ( v.o . ) of course , my IRS training make it easier . once you have do that , there 's not much data you can not access and use any way you want . ext . second floor porch , the duplex house - night mumford in a free society , you be who you say you be . ( smile ) people should remember that before they go around knock this country . ( he get up ) skip , all this beer 's get I sleepy . skip look upset . skip but you study psychology , right ? you do the training and just never get the degree ? mumford no ... no training . skip ( hopeful ) psych major ? mumford English lit . skip jeez , man . but you be good at it ! mumford I understand what it 's like to want to leave a problem behind . that 's all most people be look to do . ( shrug ) mainly , I listen . he head inside . skip where ya go ? I have get a million question . mumford see you Thursday ... regular time . mumford go inside . skip nod , head spin . ext . neighborhood STREET - sunrise mumford and sofie be deliver newspaper in lovely first light . mumford have a canvas sack full of newspaper around he neck . at each house , he consult the list in he hand , then hand sofie a roll - up paper , which she throw -- with vary success -- toward the front door . the activity be tiring for she , but she 's commit . sofie ... so we get on this incredible steam engine train that run up into the mountain ... ( she toss a paper , grunt ) ... and this trip be everything it 's crack up to be ... a open car , great view , the mountain air blow through . we be sit there , marry for six year , and he say how he like it better when I put my hair back ... mumford hand she another paper , which she heave with all she limited strength , miss the front porch badly . mumford , who can not get enough of watch she , do not notice at first . sofie that be not so good . mumford snap out of it . he go up on the lawn and flip the paper deftly onto the porch . as they continue -- mumford you be do great . sofie I do not know if I be go to make it the whole way . mumford it do not matter . go on . sofie oh ... this make I sound irrational , which be probably right , but there be something about he say this -- it be maybe the millionth time he would tell I about some preference of he . well , I be so ... tired of it . ( memory ) seem like my whole life someone 's be tell I ... I be just not get it right . can we rest for a second ? she lean against the iron handrail on some front step , breathe hard . sofie you be purposely make I talk while we do this ... ( mumford nod ) ... because you think this be good for I ... ( nod again ) ... and you be a sadistic bastard ... mumford yes . sofie ... who think there 's nothing really wrong with I . mumford oh , there 's something wrong with you , all right . especially after hearing that dream of yours , about the roto-rooter . she laugh . they be play with each other . sofie that be really bad , be not it ? mumford disgusting . sofie and I will bet you can interpret the whole thing mumford it 's pretty obvious to a train professional . sofie start walk again , take another newspaper from he sack . he point to the next house . sofie I hate that dream where everything mean something . sofie heave the paper squarely onto the porch . she turn to he with pride , but when she see the way he look at she , she glance away , uncomfortable . mumford be that when you split up ? sofie no , that would be a good story , but that be just the beginning of the end . we go on for another year or so . mumford hand she another paper and indicate the next house . sofie so whose route be this ? mumford brady peck . fourteen year old . live next door . sofie and he 's where ? mumford in the capitol for Boy 's Nation . five day . why ? sofie ( heave another paper ) I be think a gal could make a good live do this . how hard could it be squeezing out some fourteen year old ? mumford you like it ? sofie it 's all right . mumford then you can expect I at 5:30 tomorrow morning . sofie and this be legitimate therapy ? mumford therapy ? Hell no , I just do not want to do it alone . int . mumford office - day tight on rapid series of image on slick , glossy magazine page : each change of image be punctuate by the amplified SNAP of the page be turn , like a gunshot . we be so close to the image we can not tell when the magazine change -- from glamour to vogue to we to Mademoiselle to W to vanity Fair . and it do not matter . whether the image be ad or fashion spread or celebrity candid , the look be the same -- jade , hip , disinterested , apathetic , either impossibly buff or anorexic , but always severely beautiful . the page turning start at a fevere pitch and become even more intense . finally -- mumford ( v.o. ) what be it , nessa ? the image continue . nessa ( v.o. ) be not she amazing ? that be such a wick look . mumford ( v.o. ) what do you want I to see ? nessa ( v.o. ) just chill for a second . look at this guy , it appear he 's actually dead ... but gorgeous . mumford be sit next to nessa on the couch . at they foot be a mess of magazine . nessa discard one and immediately start flipping through a new one beneath it . she be very agitate . mumford stand up , walk over and sit in he chair . nessa what be you do ? we be not do . I just need to find the thing ... mumford if you do not want to have a session today , it 's okay . nessa I want to have the session . I think it would be cool if I could show you some of the thing that interest I . but I guess you be not into it ... which we already know . mumford what happen today ? nessa what be you talk about ? mumford be it something that happen at school ? nessa ( petulant ) this appointment be not my idea , remember . mumford true . should we stop they ? a look of panic cross nessa 's face , but she instantly hide it , busily take out cigarette and lighter , which she do not use . instead , she lie down on the couch , balance the close magazine on she chest . nessa I do not think you know what you be talk about . mumford uh-huh . nessa this shrink school you go to ... do you hear about it on a infomercial ? mumford wait . nessa refer to the magazine beneath she chin . nessa I want to live in the world this people be in . no one ever say anything in there , have you notice ? so they be very cool . like they be all really deep . it 's when people start talk that everything go to shit . nessa suddenly seem on the edge of tear , but beat it back . nessa there 's this kid at school ... Martin brockett . he have some gigantic idea of himself that no one else share . you would not believe the crap he lay on I ... who appoint he my spiritual leader ? if he have everything so figure out how come he best friend be a . 22 rifle ? and why 's he spend all he time chase after I ? probably think I be gonna give he a hummer ... mumford do you think that 's what he want ? nessa ( after a beat ) no . I do not know what he want . but I know I do not like be watch . nobody 's ever pay any attention to what I do , and I like it just fine . where do he get off tell I I disrespect myself ? ( a beat ) fuck he . look in a mirror , bozo . ext . lily café , MAIN STREET - day mumford cross the street from he office . a huge bus with " applejack tour " on the side , be disgorge its passenger , a large group of elderly japanese women , all of whom file neatly into lily 's café . lily stand on the sidewalk outside greeting they merrily . mumford what 's the deal ? lily continue she welcome , but point out a hand - lettere sign in she front window -- " close for lunch . see you tomorrow . " lily they come through a few time each year . ( greeting one cheerily ) hello , Mrs. saito , good to see you again ! ( back to mumford ) it 's a tour . mumford where be I suppose to eat ? lily you be on you own today , honey . mumford 's attention be suddenly draw to something across the street . he glance thoughtfully at lily for a moment , then back out there . what he sees : skip be once again zipping down the street on he skateboard in the midst of traffic . he have not notice mumford . mumford ( o.s. ) hey , skip ! skip look over , then immediately change course toward they , barely check the surround traffic . he be extraordinarily skillful . when he get to the curb , he pull a snazzy board - flipping maneuver to dismount and come up on the sidewalk . some of the japanese matron react with delight . skip Doc . skip notice the tour member filing by , but be immediately distract by the presence of lily , who 's a little excited to meet the local celebrity . mumford lily , I want you to meet skip . skip , lily . lily it 's a pleasure to meet you . skip ( flustered ) yeah ... I you , too ... I be at you house ... lily oh ? skip upstair , with Doc ... yeah , it 's very nice ... I hear you shower . skip can not believe what he just say . neither can the other two , actually . mumford can not stop himself from laugh , but he cut it off fast . lily blushes , but skip 's agitation have charme she . something 's happen here . lily I have see you go by on you board , but I do not realize -- you be so young ... to be so ... skip what ? mumford ... so rich ? lily ( give he a look ) ... so accomplish . skip I may be young , but Doc can tell you , I be very immature . he 's make a joke and it represent quite a recovery . they be all relieved . then there 's a awkward silence . skip watch the last of the tour enter the restaurant . skip so , be this like a japanese restaurant ? lily I would better get in there . skip that 's a lot of people all at once . lily it 's okay . they pre-order . there 's a choice of three entree . skip what be they ? lily give he a careful look : be he really interested ? there 's something about he ... lily meat loaf , turkey quesadilla , or salad nicoise . skip salad nicoise ? I love salad nicoise . lily ( giggle ) you do ? skip yeah . lily well , come on in . she motion he in and start to follow . mumford make a " what about I ? " sound . lily , grin , just point to the sign and leave mumford stand on the sidewalk . delbanco ( o.s. ) Dr. mumford . mumford turn to find Dr. delbanco and Phyllis sheeler , the shrink lionel have confer with , stand nearby . it take a moment for mumford to remember delbanco . finally , shaking hand -- mumford Dr. delbanco . it 's nice to see you again . delbanco I do not think you know Dr. sheeler . she 's the other therapist here in town . mumford ( shaking she hand ) of course ... I have hear great thing about you . sheeler thank you . delbanco you never get back to I . ( mumford do not understand ) ... I call to say we would like to take you out for a meal ?... kind of a professional welcome . mumford make a show of remember . mumford forgive I , please . what a gracious think . we must do that . sheeler when ? mumford why do not I call you when I have get my calendar in front of I ? delbanco what be you do for lunch ? mumford right now ? the other two nod in unison . mumford consider , trap . int . the lantern and the lamb restaurant - day the town 's upscale dining spot . mumford , delbanco and sheeler be in a red leather booth . sheeler listen with rapt , admire attention as delbanco speak -- delbanco ... annihilation anxiety engender by bad experience with a deprive mother ... but no one can escape the fear of death . it be , as Henry James put it , " the worm at the core . " try as we may to forget or ignore we mortality , James say -- ( theatrically ) -- " the skull will grin in at the banquet . " mumford nod appreciatively . ( he really be a extraordinary listener . ) delbanco catch he own vanity in sheeler 's ador gaze and become self - conscious -- delbanco I have run on . forgive I . we be here to talk about you . mumford be we ? sheeler ( cover ) what Ernest mean , I think , be we be very interested in other methodology ... different kind of training . we be great believer in learn from each other . I have learn so much from ern -- Dr. delbanco ... delbanco ... and I from Phyllis . sheeler ( back to a previous thread ) so ... the University of kentucky . who run the program down there ? mumford my mentor be a amazing teacher name benton mandlebaum . die quite tragically in the collapse of a gazebo . delbanco I think I have hear of he ... a disciple of rothberg , be not he ? mumford 's response , and all that follow , be calm and pleasant . mumford it 's possible . I do not know about that . sheeler I suppose you extend training be at a institution in that area ? mumford lot of institution . my graduate advisor believe we should experience as many environment as possible -- prison , clinic , half - way house . for a while I be chief therapist in a shopping mall . have a little spot next to the yogurt place . delbanco interesting approach . what be he name ? mumford dorothy fowler . fantastic woman . she pass last year in a train wreck . damned amtrak . delbanco and sheeler exchange a look . sheeler adopt a " casual " tone -- sheeler I train in the east , myself -- Cornell -- and I do not care what anyone say , there really be regional difference . I find the state certification exam out here quite harrowing ... do you ? mumford oh , yeah , very tough . but I guess that 's good ... to keep out the quack . sheeler which examiner do you have ? I probably know he . mumford wallace Franklin ... from greensburg . a dark look come over sheeler 's face for a moment . sheeler that be a terrible thing . mumford ( agree ) I do not even know why hang -glide be consider a legitimate sport . delbanco ( back on track ) we be interested in any new therapy . how would you characterize you approach ? mumford my approach ? sheeler yes ... you particular approach . mumford I do not have one really . most of the time I be fake it . see , I think there 's not much that can be do about most problem ... they be too complicated , too deep - roote by the time I hear about they . the most I can do , usually , be look and listen real closely , try to catch some glimpse of the secret life everybody 's get . if I can get a sense of that , well then , maybe ... just maybe , I can help they out a little . mumford sit back , consider the couple across the table . his gaze be so crystalline that , after a moment , they become uncomfortable and steal a glance at each other . finally -- delbanco I see . int . mumford office - day close on Althea brockett . althea -- the argument have nothing to do with it . mumford ( o.s. ) I understand . I just want to know what the argument be about . althea ( hate to say ) I have order some book . " the 100 greatest book ever written . " mumford ( o.s. ) uh-huh . what be they ? althea oh , all the great writer -- Shakespeare , Charles dicken , moby Dick ... that people . each be bound in genuine premium leather with 22 carat gold accent . it 's a magnificent set -- and only $ 33.50 per volume . right away you get great expectation for just $ 6.99 . mumford ( o.s. ) one hundred book ? althea it 's irrelevant . it have nothing to do with what happen . mumford ( o.s. ) what happen ? Althea be sit on the couch face mumford . she have a bulky knit cardigan sweater hugge tightly around she -- the only sign that she 's not completely calm . althea we argue on Sunday . he go to work on Monday and stay in the city during the week , like always . but on Thursday , when he normally come home , he do not . do not call either . not till Saturday afternoon . mumford you must have be concerned . althea it 's happen before . ( a beat ) I be shocked by how little I be feel . I can not understand it . ( a real question --) I will probably have a complete depressoid collapse soon , will not I ? mumford doubtful . what do he say ? althea he say he be not come back . he say it be not work for he any more . that it have not " work for he " for quite a while ... you know what I regret the most ? I be sorry I let he make the kid take he name . he be a acquirer . ( off mumford 's look ) he like to acquire thing . mumford look away . Althea realize what he 's think . althea you think that have something to do with my problem ? order all that thing ?... it have not occur to mumford , but it 's a interesting think . althea ... like I be on some kind of campaign to out -acquire he ... ( excited now , play it out ) ... if I be just a acquisition to he , and he lose interest once he have I -- she stop , shake she head . althea that can not be it . it 's too simple . and besides , I still like it . this morning I order a marble turtle cheese board from the horchow Collection . ( a odd look ) can I tell you something just awful ? you know how people who be just asshole will sometimes look at a woman who 's get problem and say , " what she need be a good shtupping ! " ? mumford nod . althea well , there may be something to that . Jeremy do not keep up he end -- oh , what difference do it make ? ( suddenly ) why do I feel elate ? be I in denial ? you know what it feel like ?... she glance at she watch , then start talk fast -- althea I know my time 's up , but I have get to get this out while I have get hold of it -- mumford take you time . althea ( no slow down ) -- when I be in high school , the thing I want most , when I be stick in class , the thing I be always desperately in pursuit of -- be a hall pass . that 's all I want . I love move freely around the school while everybody else be trap in there ... and that 's how I feel right now ... like I have some giant , all - day hall pass . she be beam , but suddenly become self - conscious . she stand up abruptly , flushed . althea my god , do it just get hot in here or what ? she take off the bulky sweater and bend to pick up she purse . she be wear a simple cotton dress that button up the front and hug she body . we see for the first time what all she other outfit have hide : Althea have a terrific , voluptuous figure . althea see you next time . I will probably be a basket case by then . she head toward the door to the wait room . mumford indicate the back door . mumford you can go out there if you like ... althea ( quote mumford ) " there 's no shame in get a little therapy " , right , Doc ? she open the door to the wait room , startling Henry follett , who jump up from a chair out there , magazine still in hand . int . waiting room , mumford office - day follett be embarrassed to be discover here . but that 's secondary to the impact Althea 's current appearance -- sexy body frame in the doorway -- be have on he . she 's be a customer in he store , but he 's see she now as if for the first time . all he libidinous button be be push . Althea breeze by , oblivious to he reaction . althea hello , Mr. follett . have a good session . bye , doc. she go out . mumford Henry ... but follett continue to stare in the direction Althea have go . int . lobby atrium , panda modem world headquarters - day mumford be be escort across the spectacular atrium by a panda security aide . her informal uniform , and all the other detail in the building , carry out the Panda design motif . as they head down the main corridor -- skip ( o.s. ) hey , Doc ! mumford look that way . in the distance , skip be descend from a upper level on he skateboard via a unique system of ramp design for that purpose alone . none of the hustling Panda employee in the area take any particular notice of the sight . skip meet mumford and he escort at the bottom of the ramp with a spectacular stop . skip thanks , Jennifer , I will take he from here . the Security aide retreat as skip ( riding slowly alongside ) lead mumford into a side corridor . int . bowel of the build , panda modem headquarters - day series of shot . skip and mumford move through a maze of hallway with progressively less foot traffic . skip I have never bring anyone down here before . mumford I be honore . skip Doc , there 's something about what you tell I the other night I can not get out of my head . it 's drive I batty -- ( mumford nod , wait ) why I ? how do you know you could trust I ? mumford you be completely reliable . skip be pleased . they approach a heavy steel door , the entrance to skip 's workshop . a very old security aide sit at the end of the intersect hallway , watch this area . skip shout down there -- skip it 's just I , dino ! the old man nod , barely awake . mumford skip , I have get a problem and I need some advice . skip you want my advice ? Far out ! skip put he hand in a scan device in the wall . some light blink and the heavy metal door pop open a few inch . skip have to put all he weight into open the door . he hesitates , suddenly concerned -- skip I hope nothing you be about to see will shake you faith in I . mumford reassure he with a look . skip push the door open far enough for they to enter , then pull it close behind they . int . skip' workshop - day mumford and skip enter the large , windowless workspace . what at first appear chaotic be , in fact , carefully organize . many different discipline interface here : the body section : the first thing one notice -- some incredibly life - like , anatomically correct , sculpture / mannequin -- both male and female . you half expect they to breathe . from there , a full wall of form descend from store mannequin and skeleton all the way down to a huge variety of inflatable sex doll . the cyber section : a dizzying array of computer and screen , some show wire - form outline of body part in repeat motion . above they , on a huge corkboard , hundred of computer generate renderings of skin , eye , limb , sexual organ . the body part section : Medical model of tooth , eye , lip , limb . hundred of porn store sample : plastic dildo , rubber vaginas , suck machine and sundry genital . the form -casting shop : all the machinery you need to make rubber and acrylic form of anything that can be computer design . all this weird object be set upon shiny , spotless , high - tech work surface . skip watch mumford move about in awe , pick up the odd item . skip pretty creepy , huh ? be you totally disgust ? mumford ( " no " ) skip , you be a visionary . that can be a burden . skip this do not seem a little ... perverse ? mumford there be a lot of lonely people in the world . somebody 's gonna figure this out someday . skip it 's not go to be I . I be give it up . mumford really ? skip it 's all you fault . in the last 48 hour , I have completely lose interest . mumford what would I do ? skip look at mumford , a wide grin on he face . skip lily . mumford lily ... ( get it ) ... skip , that 's great ! you and lily . skip oh , she do not know about it yet . right now , of the two of we , I be the only one in love . but I be very stoke . skip settles in front of the body part section , frame by a array of limb and sex toy . there 's a assemble pelvic section with upper leg lie in the clutter behind he . skip Doc , how I can be of help to you ? skip lean back against the table and accidentally hit a button . the pelvic section begin to hump , slowly and sensually , in place . it 's amazingly life-like , but it make a mechanical whirring SOUND . skip fumble to turn it off . skip sorry ... mumford wow . skip get the pelvis switch off and turn back to mumford . skip I be here for you , doc. mumford skip , you know that it 's improper -- completely unethical -- for a license psychologist to carry on a romantic relationship with one of he patient ? skip I guess that make sense . mumford yes , yes it do ... mumford sink into silence . he begin to wander the room . skip you have fall in love with one of you patient ? mumford nod . skip be desperate to say something useful . suddenly , he have a alarming think . skip Doc !... it 's not I , be it ? mumford what ? mumford understand and can not stop a laugh . mumford no , skip , it 's not you . but I like you a lot . skip be relieved . he have another think and brighten . skip Doc , what about this ? you be not really a license psychologist ! mumford turn to meet skip 's gaze . skip realize the ramification of what he 's just say . skip hmm . I guess that do not help ... I see where you be go here . it 's a mess . mumford yep . int . dr . delbanco' office - day lionel be here with delbanco and sheeler . this time , delbanco be behind he desk , sheeler across the room on the sofa . lionel do not you find it incredibly convenient that everyone who could possibly corroborate he story have recently die some exotic death ? delbanco they be neither all recent nor exotic . sheeler but they be certainly dead . and yes , personally , I find it a bit odd . delbanco it could happen . what about he state certification exam ? the record seem to be in order . lionel 's derisive snort be so obnoxious , it 's hard to bear . lionel what 's easier than hack you way into a state computer and insert some number ? for all you know he never even take the exam ! sheeler that 's true . delbanco I do not know that it 's all that easy ... lionel Doctor , correct I if I be wrong , but it sound to I like you have go for this guy 's story hook , line and bull - twaddle . sheeler you do seem much more dispose toward he than I understand , Ernest . do I miss something ? delbanco ( sharply ) oh , for god 's sake , Phyllis -- we have no reason to doubt the man ! be we listen to lionel now ? sheeler jump , so shocked be she by he outburst , and so humiliate for lionel to witness it . Fighting tear and try to maintain she dignity , she gather up she thing and walk to the door . delbanco , immediately contrite , stand up . delbanco Phyllis , I be sorry . I do not mean to shout ... sheeler no , Dr. delbanco , it be I who be sorry . sorry to have waste you time with such ... she break into tear and rush out of the office . delbanco be leave face lionel , who give he exactly the look the doctor least want to see . int . lily café - day mumford be eat he lunch at the counter . he watch lily busily work the midday rush . she see he grin at she , but do not say anything for a while . finally , blush -- lily stop it ! he 's a kid . I be old enough to be he ... older sister . mumford smile , eat . int . entry hall , cook house - night Mr. cook open the front door to mumford . cook Dr. mumford . please , come in . mumford come in , reluctantly . mumford hello , Mr. cook . I be wonder if sofie be around ? cook be you suppose to have a session ? mumford no . it 's sort of spur of the moment . int . live room , cook house - night mumford follow Mr. cook into the room . Mrs. cook and sofie 's thirtyish brother , BEN , be in there , watch television . Mrs. cook keep knitting ; Ben stand to shake mumford 's hand , mute the tv with a remote . cook look who 's here . have you meet sofie 's moth -- mrs . cook -- we have meet . cook and we son , Ben ... BEN ( vigorously shake hand ) this be a real honor , Doctor . have a seat , will ya ? mumford continue to stand . mumford well , actually , I can not really ... do you think I could see sofie ? BEN I insist ! I have be want to meet you . mumford sit . mrs . cook ( icy ) sofie 's not here . mumford 's surprised . Mr. cook speak with some pleasure . cook her friend from the city come and take she out to dinner . first time in a long time she 's be willing . mumford a friend ? BEN we owe that to you . she 's perk up a lot since you start treat she . Mrs. cook give Ben a condescending look and keep knitting . mrs . cook what would you want ? mumford there 's something I think we need to talk about . mrs . cook what ? mr. cook Elizabeth ... mrs . cook I think we have a right . BEN we certainly do not . mrs . cook keep it zipped , Ben . Ben give mumford a exasperate look , but do not argue . mr. cook be there something we need to know , Dr. mumford ? mumford be conflict , not sure what to share with they . mumford well ... yes , I guess I should tell you . I do not think I be go to be able to treat sofie anymore . Mr. cook and Ben exchange a alarmed glance . Mrs. cook actually cheer up . mrs . cook finally , some common sense ... mumford what do you mean ? mrs . cook I think you know what I mean . mumford no , I really do not . mrs . cook I think you do . mumford why do not you tell I ? mrs . cook ( very calm ) why do not you go to hell ? it 's all a bunch of nonsense and you know it . mr. cook Elizabeth , I be tellin ' you , stop this ... mrs. cook ( dismissive ) you be tell I ? that 's rich ... mumford ( stand up ) I would better go . BEN why can not you see sofie ? I know the treatment 's work . mumford look from Ben to Mr. cook , who nod he agreement . mumford well ... you see , the problem be -- mrs . cook -- the problem be you be a big fake . you have not get a clue what 's wrong with that girl . mumford look at Mrs. cook and can not stifle a laugh . mumford wow . you be something . mrs . cook take a hike , Dr. quack ! mr. cook ( ignore she now ) what be the problem , Doctor ? mumford can not take he eye off Mrs. cook , even as he speak to Mr. cook . mumford Problem ? I guess there be no problem ... uh , this friend of sofie 's , where would he take she ? BEN it 's she -- roxy . use to work with she . I think they go over to the lantern . mumford ( delighted ) oh , roxy ! excellent . roxy . Mrs. cook look at he sharply . she 's hear what the other two have not . ext . side STREET / alley - day mumford carry a large fed - ex box down a side street and into a alley . as he pass a secluded space create by two adjacent building , something catch he eye . mumford moving Pov : a young couple be embrace and talk intimately . as they separate , we can see that it be nessa and Martin brockett . Martin see mumford , but make no sign . nessa twist to see what Martin 's look at just as the view be interrupt by a wall . mumford walk on , mull what he 's see . ext . back door , follett' pharmacy - day there be a lock security screen at the alley entrance to the back room of the pharmacy , but the door inside be open . when a young pharmacist appear in there , mumford rap on the metal screen . int . henry follett' office - day follett 's private space be above and at the back of he drugstore . when you sit at he desk and in front of it , as follett and mumford be do now , you can see down into the store through a floor - to- ceiling , one - way mirror . the fed- ex box sit on the desk between the two man , unopen . follett what be it ? mumford it 's a think I have . follett should I open it now ? mumford seem hesitant , but nod . follett take out a exacto knife and make the first incision , but as he 's about to go on , mumford suddenly reach out and stop he . mumford let I just say something here ... I have no idea if this be go to help . follett what exactly be it suppose to do ? mumford you remember when I ask you about pornography -- follett -- I find it degrade . maximum gynecology and minimum turn - on -- mumford -- and you tell I that . still , there 's some kind of imagery that 's haunt you and , I think , get in you way -- follett -- which I do not necessarily agree . mumford but you do come to I . follett react . it 's true , even if he keep forget . mumford my guess be this image be burn into you brain when you be young . maybe if we could nail down the exact fantasy that be haunt you -- maybe you could get past they ... anyway , I think we could try a experiment . follett ( indicate the box ) and the experiment be in here ? mumford nod , but suddenly look depressed , distract . mumford you know what ? I think this be a dumb idea ... he start to take hold of the box . mumford ... I just hear myself talk and I realize I be completely unqualified to be do this . let 's forget the whole thing . follett grab the box back . follett whoa , whoa , what be you do ? I want to know what 's in here . mumford ( pull on the box ) there 's absolutely no reason to think this be go to have any impact on you . I be embarrassed to have -- follett stand up and grab the box , take sole possession . loud -- follett hey ! I agree with you that you do not know what you be talk about . that 's what I have be say all along . and I can guarantee you that look at the lose ark or whatever you get in here be not go to mean diddly to I ... ( quieting down ) ... but if you think I be go to let you walk out of here without see what 's in this box , you do not know much about Henry A. follett . mumford give up . follett gesture to ask whether it 's safe to put the box on the desk ; mumford reassure he . now , with much more anticipation and ceremony than before , follett carefully cut open the package . the content of the BOX be reveal as follett open the flap . there be a inner , brown paper wrapping upon which have be set a low - rent catalogue : " metropolitan collectible -- periodicals , erotica , adult nostalgia . " follett lift away the wrapping -- there be perhaps a dozen man 's magazine of the late fifty and early sixty : nugget , Adam , the Adam reader , swank , dude . plus several cartoon collection : sex to sexty , stag humor . plus trashy adult novel of the era , with provocative illustration on the cover : night call nurse , the neighbor have no curtain , secretarial slut , etc . finally , two video tape , both of Russ meyer film : mudhoney and common - law cabin . we stay close on the content of the box as follett 's hand shuffle through it , rapidly flipping through the page . very soft - core by today 's standard , the common thread be clear : voluptuous , heavy - breathe siren in tight clothes ( and out of they ) tempting muscular , he -man drifter or libidinous businessman . a world of lusty secretary , siren babysitter , and frustrated , neglect wife . in other word , exactly the erotic ambience of follett 's fantasy . slow tilt up to follett' face . he be transport , mesmerize , galvanize . in fact , at this moment , as the music swell , a tear be roll down he cheek . he dare not take he eye from this Holy grail to look up at mumford . the only thing that could wreck he mood now , be -- young pharmacist ( o.s. ) Mr. follett -- follett jump , startle from he revery . as the Young pharmacist step tentatively into the office , follett jam everything back into the box as best he can and try to cover it . follett what ?! what the hell be so important I can not have five minute --? the Young pharmacist be cow and do not advance into the room . young pharmacist it 's she , sir . you tell I to get you when she come to pick up she prescription . it take follett a moment to understand , but when he do , he whole manner change . he dismiss the Young pharmacist with a nod , then give a quick , self - conscious glance to mumford . follett uh , sorry , I be go to have to ... ( indicate box ) ... I really appreciate what you be try to ... uh , I can not thank you enough for ... mumford my pleasure . follett head for the door , pause briefly at a mirror to check he appearance , push at he hair with he palm . follett I will see you on ... whatever ... he hurry out . mumford stand up to leave , but first look down through the one - way mirror . what he sees : follett hurry up behind the prescription counter , where Althea brockett be wait ; once again she look quite sexy . follett bring she prescription up and begin playfully flirt . Althea be responsive . follett motion Althea down the aisle , where it 's more private . he come out from behind the counter , ostensibly to show Althea something on the prescription bottle . Althea lean back against some shelf in the same posture as the landlady in follett 's first fantasy . mumford react , bemuse . ext . hiking trail - day mumford and sofie make they way slowly up the trail . despite she labor breathe , it 's clear sofie have make enormous progress since we first see she . sofie when I be in high school we use to come up here and make out . I like to sit on the rock and watch the sun go down . mumford that 's what I like . sofie which thing ? mumford either one . sofie why would you come to the house the other night ? mumford I think I have something to tell you . but it turn out I do not . sofie my brother say you be about to fire I . mumford that 's one way to put it . sofie I bet I know what change you mind ... ( mumford look at she ) ... my mother . she be so horrible , you decide you could not desert I . mumford I think only action movie have villain like that . sofie gesture ahead . sofie that 's the cut -off , be not it ? ( mumford nod ) I know why you be go to quit see I . mumford slow at this . sofie head off the trail into the wood . ext . big rock lookout point - day sofie appear first , but she wait for mumford before she step tentatively onto the rock . mumford take firm hold of she and lead she to a spot where she can securely settle herself . sofie you feel like a fake , a imposter ... mumford look up , sharply . sofie ... as if maybe you do not know what you be do . she put a hand on he arm . sofie everybody feel that way sometimes ... like we be not who we be suppose to be . but I have to tell you , Dr. mumford -- he wince at she formality . sofie -- you have be a tremendous help to I . mumford yeah ? sofie I can not tell you how much I admire you . you have a wonderful way with people . and you be very insightful . I feel like you have see I clearly ... I never use to admit what a horrible person my mother be . you have make that possible for I . mumford that 's ... good ? sofie yes ! and my ex-husband -- he never accept I for who I be , just like mother . the thing you have say have help I understand what a dick he be . mumford I do not know if -- sofie you be shockingly honest , that 's what make you great . I have never have a man treat I this way . with you , I feel really ... listen to . ( give he a look ) can I tell you something ? it 's a little embarrassing , but I feel very unguard with you . mumford of course . sofie thanks to this therapy , I now know what I be look for . I need to find a man like you . ( laugh ) not one who 's treat I , of course . ( full of resolve ) and I be go to do it , dammit ! you have give I the confidence . mumford be in agony . mumford sofie ... that make I very happy . int . mumford office - day nessa 's on the couch , play with she usual unlit cigarette . there 's a uncharacteristic lightness to she . nessa ... I mean , Doc , the dude be seriously delude . I say that to he , I say , " if you think I be gonna do all that shit for you , man , you be seriously delude . " mumford what would he say ? nessa ( can not hide she pleasure ) he say -- " which we already know ! " mumford laugh , delighted . mumford what do he want you to do ? nessa first off , he tell I to stop smoking cigarettes . I tell he abso-fuckin ' - lutely no . as you can see -- she hold up the cigarette as though it be she middle finger , flipping the bird . nessa then he say stop smoking dope . no again . so then he say he do not want I get together with any other guy ... mumford do not have to see she face to know how much pleasure this give she , despite she hard - ass cover . nessa ... what ball on this guy ? what be we ... ( too geeky for she ) ... go steady ? Jesus . mumford no again ? nessa ( long pause ) I say I would consider it . nobody own I . and the last thing be insane . I do not know what 's wrong with he ... no magazine . mumford really ? nessa I do not know if I can quit . we be gonna try it together , like , you know , aa or something . and I make he give up he .22 . no more sneaking around the hill with he fuck nut gun like some loony tune . mumford he agree ? nessa ( yes ) he 's pitiful , Doc , a goddam puppy . I do not know how much longer I can put up with it . I already get two arm and leg , I do not need another appendage . she take a look at she watch and immediately light she cigarette as she stand up -- nessa oops ... gotta go ! she head toward the wait room . mumford gesture to indicate the back door . she wave he off . he shake he head -- no one want to use the back anymore . nessa open the door to the wait room . Martin brockett be sit there . he make a gesture to nessa to underline the fact that he be not read any of the many magazine lie around , then stand up . she go into he arm like maybe she 's the puppy . he beam and look at mumford . martin hiya , doc. mumford Martin . martin ( pull nessa tighter ) do you straighten she out ? nessa give he a affectionate punch in the side , then blow smoke in he face . mumford how be you ? martin insane ! do not ja hear ? my family get five hundred time better . ( turn nessa ) let 's go , vanessa . nessa give mumford a embarrassed , " be not he corny ? " look , but as they go out the door , she 's never look happier . gilroy ( o.s. ) Doctor mumford ? mumford be startle to find a man in a suit , gilroy , rise from the chair behind the door . he 's get a briefcase and a document in he hand . mumford I do not see you there . can I help you ? gilroy my name 's gilroy . I be from the State certification board . he proffer the document in he hand , but mumford do not take it . gilroy it 's all right , it will not bite you . under civil code 1294.67 b you be entitle to be notify that you status and certification be be review . this be the notice . mumford ( take the paper ) do you want to come in ? gilroy ( already leave ) no thanks . plenty of time for that when we be a little further along . mumford Mr. gilroy -- gilroy stop , outside door already open . mumford what bring this on ? gilroy I be not at liberty to say . sometimes it 's just routine , sometimes there 's be a complaint . we will be in touch . he go out . mumford consider the paper in he hand , thought elsewhere . int . mumford apartment - night close on a packing carton half full of book . pulling back and floating over other box , half - pack with mumford 's personal belonging -- he do not have a lot . on the bed , a open suitcase with a few clothes throw in . we be still moving across the room and out onto the porch , to reveal mumford in he chair , nursing a beer , look up at the starry sky . mumford hear the shower go on downstairs at lily 's . then the murmur and giggle of a wet couple . skip ( o.s. ) Far out ! mumford smile . he get up and go inside , close the door behind he so as not to violate they privacy . he go to the suitcase , take out some clothes and begin put they back in the dresser . right now , he 's not go anywhere . int . mumford office - day extreme close - up of Ernest delbanco . we can not tell where he be at first . as he speak , we pull back to reveal he lie on mumford 's couch -- a patient . delbanco ... and when you say at lunch about everybody have " a secret life " , something just snap inside I . I know I could no longer continue my relationship with Dr. sheeler . it be tear I up inside . and I know Phyllis be not get what she need from it . what have start as a genuine respect , I think , for each other 's professional ability , and become , over time , a personal attraction have somehow ... migrate into a rather torrid sexual relationship ... across the room , mumford sit , chin in hand , display no reaction . delbanco ... I will not go into that today . though , if we should continue this session , as I certainly hope we will , there be some aspect of that I would like to look at . God know , I have listen to enough people give I the juicy -- ( catch himself ) ... at any rate , I just want to acknowledge the catalyze effect you comment have on I . I just hope that it do not come roiling back upon you like some dreadful undertow . mumford how do you mean ? this next be painful for delbanco . delbanco well ... you see , when I break it off with Phyllis , she be naturally upset and she become more determine than ever to pursue certain -- how to put it -- doubt she 's be harbor ... mumford what kind of doubt ? delbanco about you ... you background and you qualification . I be afraid Phyllis somehow get you mix up in she fury with I , and actually take the whole issue to the state board . mumford digest this . mumford I see . delbanco and please , for whatever small way I may have encourage this , accept my apology . ( brighten ) there be good news , though . mumford what 's that ? delbanco Phyllis have decide to leave town and pursue she practice in the city . which leave you the only psychologist in town . mumford Dr. sheeler be leave mumford ? I be sorry to hear that . delbanco as you can imagine , my own feeling about this be mix ... unlike , I must say , that of my wife . mumford 's head snap up . he have no idea delbanco be marry . ext . gas station , SMALL town ( in henry follett' fantasy ) - day we ( camera ) be be pummelle by three SMALL town tough behind Old man sutter 's gas station / diner in the follett 's fantasy town . [ in black &amp ; white .] Beyond they , Old man sutter 's stack young wife watch in horror from the backdoor of the building . we do not see the Newcomer yet . follett ( v.o. ) Old man sutter 's young bride have get I in hot water all right , and now I be bein ' deal the beat of my life . if there would just be two of that bastard it would have be a little closer ... one of the tough wind up and deliver the coup de grace . CUT to black , then fade up on : int . attic room , boarding house - day still in subjective camera as the concerned landlady , cleavage foremost , stand away from we , have pat the unseen Newcomer 's face with a washcloth . Beyond she , near the half - open door , stand she cheerleader daughter , worriedly chew on she thumb . follett ( v.o. ) the landlady be good at quite a few thing , but doctore be not one of they ... CUT to reverse and see the hero , who this time be actually play by Henry follett , appear in he own fantasy for the first time . he 's lie in bed , he face bruise in the manner of a fifty movie . follett ( v.o. ) ... lucky for I , one of the other border , the broad who live downstairs in the front room ... back at the door , the cheerleader hear someone come and step aside to make way for -- Althea brockett , dress now in a nurse 's uniform so tight the button be strain . follett ( v.o. ) ... be a nurse ... as the landlady and the cheerleader retreat out the door , Althea the nurse sway forward toward the bed bear bandage and a bowl of steaming water , a lascivious look of concern on she face . follett ( v.o. ) ... and she have way to make you feel better they do not teach in nursing school . Althea the nurse place a bandage over follett 's eye , blacking out the scene . int . mumford office - ( present ) day mumford sit beam at Henry follett on the couch . mumford 's glance take in the clock and he stand up , signal the end of the session . follett snap out of he revery and get up . mumford I be very happy for you , Henry . mumford , surprisingly , take follett 's hand and shake it vigorously . mumford I feel like we be make real progress here . follett I too , doc. and I can not tell you what that package mean to I -- mumford stop he with a " do not mention it " gesture . follett accept and go out the back door . mumford be pleased someone still want to use that door . mumford return to he desk and begin read some papers when he hear the entry door to the wait room . not expect anyone , he check the clock , then go to he office door and open it . sofie be stand there , very agitate , just about to knock . she peer past he to see if he 's alone . sofie I need to talk to you ... Doctor . can I come in ? mumford of course . sofie sit on the couch . mumford sit in he chair , face she . her voice be as strain as she manner . sofie we have not meet in this office since that first time . this be how a real professional and he client be suppose to see each other . mumford wait . sofie it might have be more appropriate if we have follow a traditional approach to the doctor-patient relationship . mumford be something wrong , sofie ? sofie yes , something 's very wrong , Dr. mumford . mumford you be upset . sofie how intuitive ! that must take year of training right there . maybe you can guess what have upset I . mumford consider a long moment , several scenario racing through he mind . finally , carefully -- mumford be it something you have hear about I ? sofie no , it be not something I have hear about you ! it be someth -- ( stop suddenly ) why ? be there something I should have hear about you ? mumford why do not you tell I what 's on you mind ? sofie suddenly find it difficult to look into he eye , she look around frenetically for a moment . then , indicate the couch -- sofie May I ? mumford gesture " of course . " sofie swing she leg up and lie on the couch so they can no longer see each other 's face . ( it 's the most vigorous movement she 's yet show we . ) this seem to help sofie a bit . sofie all right ... I be go to come right out and say this , because that 's what you shrink be for , right , so you can tell he what 's bother you ? mumford um-huh . sofie ( tone still rough ) first of all , I have be feel much better lately . I do not know if the syndrome be over -- if it 's just run its course or something -- but I feel a hundred per cent better than when I first come to you . mumford I be glad . sofie give that , I be obviously not go to be judge thing in the most realistic way . mumford I do not follow you . sofie ( sharply ) I be say that since I be do so much better -- which I attribute to you -- I be liable to misinterpret some of my feeling . mumford ( tentative ) okay ... sofie the point be this -- I be not a blank page . I do not just fall off the turnip truck . do you know what I mean ? mumford I think so . sofie I know a little about psychology . I take three different course in college . it 's true , none of they be above the two hundred level , but I take they ... and there be one concept I remember very well . mumford what be that ? sofie transference ! mumford transference . sofie yes , and that be what I have get right now . I have take my feeling of gratitude ... and relief ... and transfer they onto ... you . I have take all that warm , grateful emotion and confuse they with feeling for you ... so that now I be under the delusion ... ( a deep breath ) ... that I be in love with you . mumford appear freeze in he chair . there be a heavy silence in the room . sofie do not look back there . sofie hello ? mumford hello . sofie I think you can understand why I have some serious question about you method . I mean , obviously it become much more likely that I be go to have confusion about this when you idea of treatment be to go walk in the wood and up to make - out -ville and do all this highly romantic activity -- suddenly , sofie 's voice crack . she be start to cry , but refuse to acknowledge it . sofie -- we have a paper route together , for godssake ! do you understand how I might be a little resentful ? know that this so-called " love " I be feel be totally bogus , and just a pathetic case of ... transference ? mumford do not know what to say . he 's on the rack . finally -- mumford yes . silence . then sofie get up , wiping at tear with the back of she bare hand . mumford jump up to offer she a tissue , but she ignore it . she will not meet he gaze . sofie maybe you ought to think about how you be go to fix this . and when you do ... ( suddenly lose she will ) ... please get back to I . sofie turn to go out through the wait room , but after a step , she stop , pirouettes and go out the back . ext . the duplex house - magic mumford come up the street , lose in think , and turn into the driveway toward he stair . ainge leap over the front yard fence . mumford pet the dog distractedly , still move . mumford hey , ainge . lily rise up suddenly from where she 's be work in the garden . lily Doc ... mumford ( keep walk ) lily . lily Doc . mumford reluctantly stop . lily come up to the fence . lily I do not want you to be mad at skip ... mumford he tell you . lily ( yes ) skip and I would not have get together if it be not for you . that 's a big deal . mumford ( dismiss it ) you would have meet in some shower eventually ... lily I want to give you something . will you let I ? mumford thanks , lily , I do not need anything . lily yes , you do , you damn well do . mumford ( can not fight ) okay . lily here it be , some advice -- do the hard thing . mumford that 's it ? that 's what you be give I ? lily clean up the mess . no matter what it take . mumford lean down to pet ainge . mumford what it might take be ... do time . lily too bad . that 's tough , I mean it . I be not unsympathetic . but skip say you be in love . mumford straighten , look at lily and acknowledge it . lily then it 's worth it . mumford look at lily a long moment , then lean over the fence and kiss she on the forehead . ainge jump back over to she side . mumford I will tell she tonight . mumford turn and continue toward he stair . int . mumford apartment - magic mumford come in , drop he coat , get a carton of orange juice out of the fridge and drink directly from it . distract , he pick up the remote from the kitchen counter and switch on the tv , then open he freezer and stare inside . unsolved mystery come on . the open segment preview a story about a couple who claim to have have a visitation from gianni versace , then one about a yacht that go down near Venezuela . ROBERT stack , in he characteristic fragment delivery , intone the preview for the last story , accompany by appropriate footage : ROBERT stack ... a drug rehabilitation center in the lonely southwestern desert ... run by reclusive monk ... become the point of departure in a mysterious vanish ... a close - up of a IRS identification card feature a picture of a young mumford , badly photograph in suit and tie . his name be not visible . ROBERT stack ... as a intrepid government investigator disappear -- without a trace . in the kitchen , mumford spin to look . dissolve to : later in the program . documentary shot of IRS headquarters , etc. , be intercut with hokey - look re-enactment from mumford 's life -- with a young actor who look vaguely like mumford play he . in mumford apartment the telephone be ringing . clearly , it 's not the first time . mumford , watch the show intently , lift the headset a inch from the cradle and then hang up . when it immediately ring again , mumford take it off the hook , cut off the call , and bury the headset under a sofa cushion . on the show : scene of tax investigation -- in the show 's version the IRS guy have draw gun and be storming house -- be intersperse with scene of sordid drug-take . ROBERT stack ... despite brilliant promise as a fearless investigator ... find himself on a downward spiral of drug abuse and dissolution ... mumford sister , the real thing , a plain , middle - age West Virginia woman , appear in a " dramatic " , badly - light interview . ( as with all the interviewee , she be identify by a super title . ) mumford sister ... we do not talk much after we folk die , but I know he feel he life have take a wrong turn ... a snapshot of some IRS - era party , happy reveler pose for a flash . camera push in on mumford , smile and high , he neck encircle by Gregory 's arm . candy be on the other side of Gregory . a shot of the Pennsylvania Turnpike as a State Police cruiser zip by . ROBERT stack his former undercover partner at the IRS ... be now a trooper with the Pennsylvania State Police ... gregory , in State Police uniform , with a sadistic glint in he eye , be interview by the roadside , car whipping by . gregory the guy be obsessed ... do not always know where to draw the line ... but I would have trust he with my wife -- er , my life -- ( look off camera , laugh ) -- what would I say ? both , actually ... ( get serious again ) ... I can not say I be surprised , though , when he disappear . ragged telephoto shot of the drug rehab Center in the desert , low , innocuous adobe building . ROBERT stack who be this enigma ... a courageous public servant or a debauch addict ?... either way , he last know stop be here ... isolate in the Arizona desert ... take in by a order of devote monk ... in a arizona town , a monk with a clerical collar , brother timothy , be load grocery into the back of a pick -up . he 's be ambush interview . he 's polite , but not cooperative . brother timothy we do not talk about the people who have be we guest ... but I can tell you this about we order -- we believe everybody have the right to start over ... everybody deserve a second chance . Shots of wind - sweep desert , cactus , and dust -blown highway . ROBERT stack and perhaps ... that be exactly the chance the now - sober pilgrim take ... on a blustery November day ... walk away from the rehab center ... never to be hear from again ... mumford sister again : mumford sister I would like to know if he 's alive . if he be , I just hope he 's happy and he new life be ... ( not sure how to put it ) ... well , I hope he 's find what he be look for ... mumford , in he apartment , watch with real emotion . his sister 's face dissolves into a new snapshot of mumford , dress in a orkin exterminator uniform , as the music on the show come up . a 1-800 telephone number appear across the bottom of the frame . ROBERT stack if you have any information about this man or know anything about he whereabouts , contact the sheriff 's Department in cochise County , Arizona , or call this number ... ext . second floor porch , the duplex house - night mumford come out to the rail and look off over the town of mumford . what he sees ( or imagine he see ) : all across the nightscape , one window in every house be glow blue with flicker tv light . ext . cook house - night moving in on the porch step . mumford run into the shot . in fact , he 's run the whole way from he place and he 's out of breath . he take the porch step three at a time , ring the doorbell , and wait . Mrs. cook peek out , then open the front door , a especially sour look on she face . she speak through the screen door . mrs . cook well , look who 's here ... mumford good evening , Mrs. cook . mrs . cook just who be here , can you tell I ? mumford could I see sofie , please ? mrs . cook no , you can not . I would not know who to say be call . sofie ( o.s. ) mother ... Mrs. cook glance inside at the as-yet-unseen sofie , then hiss at mumford -- mrs . cook I could see right through you from the start , you imposter . I know what you be after . I know it then and I know it now ! sofie appear behind she mother . sofie mother ... mumford what do you think I be after , Mrs. cook ? mrs . cook sofie . it 's so obvious ... you be after my daughter . mumford well , I gotta say , Mrs. cook , you be right about that . both sofie and Mrs. cook be set back for a moment . Mrs. cook recover fastest -- mrs . cook it will never happen ! you be in big trouble , mister . sofie ( scary strong ) mother ... go away ! Mr. cook suddenly appear , take Mrs. cook by the arm and make she vanish . sofie and mumford be leave alone . she look at he through the screen . mumford I guess you see the show ...? sofie which show be that ? mumford sofie ... sofie part of it . we be watch " er " until someone call . mumford you probably get the idea . sofie come outside . she do not get too close or look at he as she walk to the other end of the porch . sofie do you know what a betrayal this be ?... mumford know . sofie ... how violate I feel ? mumford you be not the only one ... sofie turn sharply to look at he , ready to blow up . sofie you feel violate ? mumford not I ... all my other my patient . I smell tar and feather on the way over here . sofie you deserve it . mumford agree . he watch she closely . sofie I should be irate . mumford immediately perk up . sofie try to correct -- sofie I be irate ! mumford ( grab at the thread ) but ... sofie but nothing ... I be mad as hell . this be a terrible thing you have do . mumford I know it ! please believe I , I know that ... mumford step closer to she . mumford but , there be one ... mitigating factor I want you to consider before you write I off . sofie what ? mumford will you think about it ? sofie I do not know . depend . I be in a bad mood . mumford I love you . more than I have ever love anyone or anything in my life . she look into he eye . sofie oh . mumford I want to spend the rest of my life with you ... but I be not sure you feel the same way . she regards he for several moment , she mind racing . sofie I sort of do ... mumford feel joy . now , finally , he take she in he arm . sofie ... but first , you have to tell I something ... mumford anything ... just ask . sofie what be you name ? as mumford break into a huge grin , CUT to : int . courtroom , mumford county courthouse - day mumford be at the defense table . lionel be he lawyer . sofie , Mr. cook and Ben sit right behind the rail . judge otto ( o.s. ) the defendant will rise . mumford and lionel stand up . judge otto ( o.s. ) sit down , lionel . lionel sit down , squelch again . we see judge otto for the first time , a tough guy in he sixty . judge otto clarence norman White , do you understand how serious be the crime with which you have be charge ? mumford I do . judge otto do you realize how insidious it be to invade the most private thought and secret life of unsuspecting people ?... we see there 's a pretty big turnout for this hearing . prominent among the onlooker : lily and skip , sit together ; nessa and Martin , hold hand ; Dr. delbanco and mrs . delbanco . gilroy , from the State certification board , sit with the prosecutor . judge otto ... people who have come to you with the faith that you know what you be do ... and that you be who you say you be ? mumford yes , you honor . judge otto it mean absolutely nothing to I that so many of you patient have come forward with praise for you and you therapeutic skill . you understand that ? mumford yes . follett be sit in one of the back row , apparently alone . but now he look down the row . Althea be sit down at the end in a stylish suit , completely appropriate , but a size too small . she give follett a sidelong glance , then cross she leg provocatively . whatever fantasy they be currently enact be work really well for both of they . judge otto Mr. White , I be frustrated that the criminal code in this state allow a maximum sentence of only six month and a maximum fine of only $ 2000 . mumford I be sorry , you honor . judge otto what ? mumford I be sorry you be frustrated . judge otto be you disrespect this court , Mr. White ? mumford no , sir . I be empathize . sorry . judge otto maybe you can empathize with this -- maximum fine . Three month in jail , three month house arrest . sentence to begin immediately at the orchard Valley correctional facility . case close . this court be adjourned . the judge slam down he gavel , stand up and stalk out . a deputy move in to take custody of mumford . lionel stand up and lean in -- lionel it 's a country club . do not worry about it . mumford thanks for you help , lionel . mumford turn to face the cook . Mr. cook and Ben shake he hand like he 's just win something . lionel address they all with he usual self - satisfaction -- lionel I will have he out in half the time . we push in on mumford and sofie , who embrace . sofie you get off easy . mumford will you wait for I ? sofie we be only talk about six week . mumford will you be here ? sofie of course ... I have not get the energy to get out of town that fast . they kiss . the deputy take mumford 's arm , and we -- CUT to : int . state correctional sedan - day mumford be alone in the backseat , handcuff to a metal restraint . a lone county correctional officer be up front , drive . there 's a heavy security screen divider between front and back . correctional officer better make yourself comfortable . we get a three hour drive here . mumford I be fine . correctional officer you be the shrink , be not you ? mumford no , not really . correctional officer but you do therapy ? mumford not any more . they ride along in silence . at peace , mumford watch the town go by . finally -- correctional officer I will tell you , Doc , the wife and I , we get a little bit of a problem . would you mind if I just run it by you ? the correctional Officer watch mumford in the rear view mirror , wait hopefully . mumford ponder the question a long time , then give a " what the hell " shrug . mumford go ahead . ext . MAIN STREET , edge of town - day the State correctional sedan head out of the business district toward the highway , leave the town of mumford behind . fade out . the end