munich screenplay by tony kushner and Eric roth base on the Book not Vengeance '' by George jonas we ext . olympic stadium , munich - night ( nep stadium ) i the munich flag be fly over the stadium . past the flag , in a distance , the fence that enclose the Olympic Village . to the dark outside the Village , a group of eight man in track suit , carry heavy duffel bag , be silently , rapidly move towards the perimeter fence . omitted 2 ext . outside a perimeter fence of the olympic village , munich - early morning , 4 am ( nep stadium ) paolo , the first of 8 fedayeen , dress as athlete in track suit , carry duffel bag , be climb over the wire fence . a group of american athlete , happy and drunk , come amble down the sidewalk towards the Palestinians , laugh , try to be quiet . the Palestinians freeze , look at one another , alarmed ; one of they number be halfway over the fence . tony start to unzip he duffel bag , ready to go for he gun . issa stop he , say something softly in Arabic . the Americans gather around the Palestinians . american athlete ( casting tbd ) aw shame shame ! closin 's down the biergarten ! hundre meter dash power by knockwurst and lager ! issa smile at he , shrug to indicate he do not understand . american athlete ( casting tbd ) where you guy from ? what 's you event ? american athlete ( casting tbd ) he do not speak English , man . let 's help ‘em over . the athlete squat , cup he hand , indicate that he will give issa a boost over the fence . issa indicate to one of he man to take the offer . the Americans cheerfully help the Palestinians climb over the fence , hand they they duffel bag . over the fence , the Americans and Palestinians shake hand and the Americans walk off toward they building . the Palestinians be surprised and amused , and also very nervous . 3a ext . a alley between two building near the fence , olympiga village , munich - early morning , 4 am ( nep stadium ) the fedayeen be take off they track suit , revealing ordinary clothes underneath . ext . olympic village - early morning ( stage / ice rink ) 4 the Palestinians walk as a group through the sleep Village , down a avenue of modern apartment building . they arrive at 31 connollystrasse and stop . they enter the building . int . the hallway outside apartment 1 , 31 connollystrasse - 5 early morning , 4 am ( stage / ice rink ) the Palestinians be silently remove they rifle from they duffel bag . one by one we see they put stock mask over they head . they all look .. scared ; some be eager , some just scared . they look at each other once the mask be on , give each other courage . a close - up on issa 's face , serious and intelligent ; he eye . issa motion to the other to be ready . he slowly insert a passkey into the lock of the door of the apartment . he turn the key as guietly as he can . very gently and slowly he begin to open the door . int . inside apartment 1 , front bedroom , 31 connollystrasse + early morning , 4 am ( stage ice / rink ) on the other side of the door , yossef gutfreund , a wrestle referee , see that the door be be open by a man wear amask . he see the glint of light on a machine gun barrel . he shout to wake up the other . then he hurl himself against the door . someone on the other side manage to shove the barrel of a AK - 47 in the way before the door can close . guttfreund be struggle mightily against eight man to hold the door close behind he , tuvia sokolovsky leap up , break the glass in a window and start to crawl out . down the hall in another bedroom , moshe weinberg , the wrestle coach , half - asleep in short and a t-shirt , be see scramble out of bed . he turn into the apartment to scream out a warning to the other athlete tv screen : 7 israeli broadcasting authority special munich coverage 7 Black -and -white , the israeli anchor sit at a strange angle in front of a aerial shot of the Olympic Stadium : israeli news anchor good morning from munich . 36 year have pass since jewish blood be spill . the blood of 6 million . this morning Germany absorb the blood of one or two of the israeli delegation to the Olympic . of int . a apartment in tel aviv - barely dawn of General Zvi Zamir be struggle out of he pajamas while watch television . his wife be in she bathrobe , cry . several idf officer be stand behind they , wait . israeli news anchor ( v.0 . ) there be great uncertainty about how many Israelis be be hold hostage in the apartment at 31 connollystrasse in the Olympic Village . moshe weinberg , the weight - lift coach , be reportedly shot twice in the head , once in the stomach , and then drag outside , where he die . curt to tv screen : 7b a bec reporter be stand near the build in the olympic 'b village in which the athlete be be held . BBC world news reporter ~- and it now appear that this group , call itself Black September , have toss a piece of Paper out the window of the apartment , a list of demand -- cur to : 8a oa ( note : issan face be blackened with shoepolish in this stock footage , so he should have a blackened face in future scene . } ext . a bar on a STREET in haifa - early morning 8 the bar have open its door and a television set be propped up on a table . a large crowd of Israelis , man , woman , schoolkid , secular and religious people , a few arab - Israelis , have gather around . BBC world news reporter ( v.o. } they want what they call '' the israeli war machine '' to release 200 Arabs in israeli prison which it insist be political prisoner , hold without trial , or the hostage will be kill . the terrorist communique end with a appeal for '' revolutionary of the world to unite . '' int . in golda meir 's house -~ early morning : 8a golda in the dark , in silhouette , recognizable only by she profile and the frizzy hair , in a housecoat , cup of coffee and cigarette , watch . a german reporter , whe can be see stand near the BBC reporter . german reporter ( in german , subtitled in arabic ) the deadline for the release of the palestinian prisoner be only two and a half hour from now . the governor of the state of bavaria and the FDR Minister of the Interior be work to arrange a meeting with issa , the head of the Black September group -- omit 9 omitted oa 10 int . a common room somewhere in the olympic village ~- earlyo afternoon ( nep stadium ) Olympic athlete from around the world be watch the german Minister of the Interior do a press conference . camera crew and individual photographer be filming they watch tv . journalist from the USA , Spain and Italy be interview athlete from ussr ( 2 ) , USA , Mexico , Japan , Sweden and kenya . there 's a murmur of translation into many language . minister of the interior ( german ) the peace of the Olympic game have be shattered by a murderous band of criminal terrorist . the whole world view this deplorable deed with disgust . CUT to : 10a int . upstair apartment one front room at 31 connollystrassh — — afternoon ( stage .ice / rink ) . of all nine athlete be sit on the floor , bound at the wrist and foot and to one another in group of 3 . the fedayeen stand around , hold onto they ak47 . two of the fedayeen have be hurt : Salah ( aka afif Ahmed Hamid ) have a bloody bandage wrap around he head -- there 's a knife wound in he forehead . the leave side of badran 's face be a swollen gory mess , a punch have cut he and knock out tooth . the television be on . everyone 's watch paolo pull a stock mask over he head , pick up he gun and step out of the room onto the balcony . they watch he through the window , lean over the balcony railing . his image simultaneously appear on tv . one of the fedayeen , tony , notice the tv , nudge abu-halah , who look at the tv . then tony turn to one of the athlete : tony ( in hebrew : ) } everyone 's watch . everyone in the world . the athlete also turn from watch out the balcony to watch the image on tv . ( playback ~~ stock footage ) lia int . a SMALL cinderblock house in aida refugee camp outsidh1 bethlehem ~- afternoon a large group of palestinian woman be crowded in front of a television . there 's no sound . cuT to tv screen : lia in silence , the famous footage of the man ~~ paolo ~~ on the balcony , bend to look down and around , wear the stock mask . CUT back to : 11 contint . the house in aida refugee camp - afternoon 11 cont 'd . 11b i1lbb the woman , watch , be discuss in murmur what they see : on they tv , the same footage of Paulo on the balcony . some of the woman be shaking they head in disbelief , some be smile . CUT back to tv screen : 11b the footage of Paulo again . he look over the balcony and then he go inside . over this , Jim mckay 's voice , with Spanish and Arabic subtitling . jim mckay ( v.0 . ) see the man with the stock mask ... weird ... do it mean '' all right '' or '' it 's all over ... come and get we ? '' int . upstair apartment one front room at 31 connollystrasseb ~ afternoon ( stage / ice rink ) all nine athlete and issa , tony , Abu hallah , kader , badran and Salah be watch television : cur to tv : paolo leave the balcony . jim mckay ( v.0 . ) ( with german subtitling : } this be live , this be happen now ... CUT back to : 1ibbb lic in the room : while everyone 's watch paolo on tv step of the balcony , the actual paolo step off the balcony and back into the apartment . int . a media hq above a stadium - afternoon ( nep stadiumil . bbe in the stadium , horde of Olympic official and groundskeeper in blue blazer and uniform be run about , confer with clipboard , wield broom and maintenance equipment , tidy , work to get the game restart , they behavior and demeanor bizarrely bright and energetic . the staff in the media hq be watch this go on , quietly discuss the action on the field , while behind they , on the tv monitor , footage of crowd assemble outside the Olympic village , protest the game go on during the crisis . over this a BBC reporter be talk : BBC world news reporter ( v.c. ) Prime Minister golda meir , hold fast to she government 's policy of refuse to negotiate with the terrorist , say that no Israelis anywhere on earth will be safe if she give in . though one suspect there must be tremendous pressure to do so from the family of the captive man who -~ int . security room in the olympics village ( nep stadium ) 11 '' the munich police be suite up for the raid , put on bulky kevlar vest and then track suit on top of they , check ammo and assault rifle , put this in sport bag , and watch the coverage all the while . cur to tv screen : footage of crowd at the Olympic stadium , track and field event go on . 11d 12 german broadcaster ( v.0 . ) -- we be confirm now the International Olympic Committee 's decision not the cancel the competition , to allow the Games to continue , only a few hundred yard from where this deadly standoff be take place , now that the noon deadline have be shift to 5 pm and -- int . the media hq - afternoon ( nep stadium ) 11d through the window of the media building , a crew be try to focus a camera with a zoom lens on police activity across the street . two producer be watch one of the several tv monitor : cur to tv screen : ABC News desk , Jim mckay : jim mckay . . and can you tell we what you be see now , Peter ? the picture switch to footage of the munich police dress in a weird amalgam of athletic clothing , storm - trooper helmet , gun in gym bag , run about , scale the roof . peter jenning ( v.0 . ) yes Jim , it 's , well , that man be earry a bag which obviously hold a large gun , and ... this be munich police officer who be prepare to wage a assault on the building as the 5 pm deadline approach , it 's now 4:46 Jim and -- int . upstair apartment 1 ( front room ) , 31 connollystrasse 12 afternoon {stage / ice rink ) the room 's a mess , food and cigarettes and a barricade door . AK - 47 be propped on furniture . several young palestinian man be watch tv , discuss what they be see : on the screen , the police be film crouching / run across the roof , and scale the first and second floor balcony . al3a the Palestinians in the apartment be argue quietly , urgently about what to do , point at the tiny figure on the screen , get they gun ready for battle . tony ( in arabic : ) it 's go to happen , they be come in . salah ( in arabic : ) we warn they , we say what would happen if there 's any attempt , so maybe we have to do it . abu-halah ( in arabic : ) it 's just a show , it 's just a fuck display , to show that they be tough , they will not risk it , do not panic . tony ( in arabic : ) go talk to they , go tell they to get back or something bad will happen . : another german reporter ( german v.o. ) this assault on the building certainly seem rather disorganize and dangerous , and , and be apparently be televise , and one wonder if the Palestinians and they hostage inside be watch . issa , the leader , he face blacken with shoe polish , leave the room . int . the hallway outside the apartment , 31 connollystrasse 13 late afternoon ( stage / ice rink ) issa pause for a moment , collect himself , then walk down the hallway towards the exit , angry , unafraid . int . security room in the olympics village ( nep stadium ) a13a the same room as in scene 11c . the police be return from the now - cancel raid . they enter and throw down they weapon and gear on a table , furious , humiliate , disgust . the television be play : cur to tv screen : 13a issa be stand with the german official , engage in discussion . german reporter ( v.c. } ~- when the leader of the fedayeen come out of the building and demand that they call off the siege , point out that the entire operation be be watch on the television set within the apartment . CUT back to ; in the security room , the policeman have gather , watch the tv , mutter , still very angry , disgust at have be call off . CUT back to tv : german reporter ( v.0 . ) apparently new demand have be make to move the fedayeen and they hostage , though it be not yet know where or when this might occur ... ext . the underground parking garage at 31 connollystrasse 13a evening ( nep stadium ) a lone 16 mm video camera , a crew of two people and a single flash photographer be filming and snap shot of the scene unfold at the far end of the garage : a green bus be wait , idling . the nine athlete , blindfolded and bound to one another , face out encircle they captor , be walk carefully to the door of the bus . this event be partly obscure from the camera by a crowd of police and government official who be stand in between they distant perch and the event unfold by the bus . no one be speak . the echoing garage be scarily quiet . the hostage and all eight fedayeen be on the bus . the bus begin to roll towards the exit . cur to : 13b 13 bb be be int / ext . the media ho - night ( nep stadium ) 13b Inside the media hq , a bank of television monitor , each with a on - or off - camera reporter speak in a different language . the monitor be show the bus leave the garage and head down connollystrasse . the night footage on every monitor be grainy , chaotic and obscure . english reporter they be move slowly towards the bus , obvicusly wary of a assault from the german police who be stand at a distance , as instruct ... french reporter the fedayeen be still heavily armed , the israeli athlete bound and blindfolded and they seem daze and uncertain . no one be clear about where they be be take but it 's assume to be a airport nearby . israeli reporter as the long day have wear on , with deadline approach and pass unmark , no further hostage have be kill since the bloody toll this morning , it 's uncertain where thing stand or what the abductor think they have to gain , other than they own safety . german reporter this be we first glimpse of the hostage since this morning , it 's hard to see anything in the dim light of the garage and -- the terrorist be hide within the circle of they captive , use they as shield ... spanish reporter we be be keep at a distance by the authority who have promise the terrorist a safe and quick getaway out of the garage and away from this building that 's now become famous the world over ... arab reporter if rumor be correct , the bus will take the fedayeen and they prisoner to a airport for transportation to either Libya or Syria . this be a moment of great danger for everyone involved . cuUT to : ext . at the entrance of the underground garage - night ( neibb stadium ) the same group of reporter from the monitor in the previous scene , array in front of tv camera with long lense , and a number of still photographer as well , filming and photograph the bus leave the garage . policeman and soldier in riot gear , be hold they at a distance from the garage . 14 14a as the bus leave the garage , some of the journalist who have be talk to the camera stop talk and turn to watch the bus drive down the street . omit scene 14 14 int . a office somewhere in jerusalem 14a ko television screen : the bus drive up connollystrasse and out of the compound . again , the video footage be incomprehensible night filming , a blur of light and fragment of crowd , car , building . a single israeli reporter be hear . israeli reporter ( v.0 . ) no one seem to know if only the arab gunman will be take in the helicopter , and no one know of any airplane wait at a airport to take the Arabs away . the West german agency . seem to . be , at ;.cross purpose , even work against one another . that 's all that 's know now , nothing be know . someone 's hand switch the channel on the television set . the camera pull back to reveal : General eytan nadav and General aharon yariv , watch television . yariv be on the phone , nodd , respond occasionally . both man keep they eye on the tv throughout behind they be many subaltern , high -ranking officer and civilian , watch the television and talk on the phone and to one another , strategize . nadav whisper something emphatic into yariv ' 's other ear , who nod while continue he conversation on the phone and tv watch . the strange , confusing night footage continue in silence for a bit . eventually out of the confusion , two helicopter be discernible , fly from the Village . 15 16 13 . BBC reporter ( v.o . ) the decision 's be make , what I be hearing from here be that they be head to a airport , call , um ... furstenfeldbruck , where a dc9 plane will be wait to take the terrorist and they hostage to Libya or -- int . a guard booth at furstenfeldbruck airport ( torol 5 airfield ) a small television be play as the guard , not watch , stare out the window -- the armored vehicle on television be roaring past the guard booth . on tv : night -time chaos again . mostly we see bright light pierce blackness , streaking the screen . crowd , car , soldier , police , press . a german reporter be be shove aside as enter the gate . german reporter ( v.0 . ) there be armored car now , they -- they be stick in traffic and now , a hour after we first hear gunfire and -- the sound of a big explosion . the tv camera lurch up to show a huge fireball , rise behind the perimeter fence from the direction of the runway and silhouett the air traffic tower . the guard in the guard booth rush out of the booth to see the fireball rise . ( playback ~- live feed ) int . a apartment in haifa ~- late night 16 a young woman , the wife of one of the athlete , be sit on a chair , clutching a frame picture of she husband . behind she , a few friend and family be sit . a teenage girl be lean against she chair , look exhaust and frighten . on tv : israeli broadcast Authority munich coverage , the stadium backdrop , as before : 14 . another israeli news anchor we have report now that all the hostage , all nine hostage be safe . the wife of the athlete be rock , slightly , try to hold jit in . she be not sobbing but tear be stream down she face . another israeli news anchor we repeat , we have confirm , it 's just past one am , the fight cease at midnight , that all the hostage be safe , and -- CUT to : 17 int . a palestinian house in hebron ~ late night 1 ? Men and woman and child be watch the israeli broadcast . another israeli news anchor ( v.0 . ) all the hostage , we be tell all the hostage be safe . and all the Arabs have be kill . some of the man and woman begin to weep . a ululate cry rise from the woman ; it become a great pierce cry of mourn . CUT to : 18 int . a army barracks , the golan height - late night 18 Soldiers in the idf be watch a small television set . tv screen : israeli news anchor it have be learn that three of the nine arab terrorist have survive the gun and grenade battle at furstenfeldbruck Airport and be now in german custody . i8a omitted 18a i8-19a omitted 139-19a 20 20 a 21 15 . int . avner' apartment , tel aviv - early evening 20 later the same day . a modest , underfurnished modern israeli apartment . avner be sit alone on a small sofa watch television , a grim , tight expression on he face . his large friendly dog , Charlie , be whining and nose about for attention . avner gently push he away . CUT to tv screen : grainy footage of the flag-drape coffin of the murder 20a athlete be unload at lod Airport . female israeli television anchor ( v.0 . ) the body of the eleven murder Olympic athlete arrive this morning at lod Airport . the camera switch to show huge crowd gather at night in downtown tel aviv . female . israeli : television anchor ( cont 'd ) enormous crowd have gather on dizengoff Street , and in Jerusalem on the plaza in front of the knesset . people be weep , tear they clothes ... the funeral , which will be hold tomorrow in Jerusalem , be expect to draw ten of thousand of mourner . CUT back tc : 21 avner , watch , be clenching he right fist so tight he arm tremor , then hyperflexing , again to the point of tremor . with a sigh , Charlie settles nearby . daphna , avner 's seven~ month - pregnant wife , open the front docr , carry the mail . avner look up at she and then back to the tv . they do not say anything . he move over to one end of the sofa , make room for she ; she squeeze in between he and the arm rest . they watch in silence . 23 24 25 26 16 . female israeli television anchor this be the name of member of the israeli team at the munich Olympic who be hold hostage , beat , and finally murder by arab terrorist . David Marc berger . as she say each name , the face of the athlete appear on the screen . avner repeat each name quietly , or noiselessly , after the announcer . int . a room in jerusalem - time unknown 22 a hand place a grainy photo of a arab man on a tabletop . a male voice Dr. wadi haddad . int . avner ‘s apartment , tel aviv - early evening 23 on the television , a shot of the flag at the Olympic village be lower to half mast . . female israeli television anchor Zeev friedman . int . a room in jerusalem - time unknown 24 another photo of another arab man . ar male voice Abu daoud . int . avner' apartment , tel aviv - early evening 25 avner and daphna watch . female israeli television anchor yossef gutfreund . int . a room in jerusalem - time unknown 26 another phote . a male voice mahmoud hamshari . 27 28 29 30 31 another hand pick up the photo , pass it to yet another hand . int . avner 's apartment , tel aviv - early evening 27 on the television , film footage of Paulo , stand on the balcony at 31 connollystrasse , wear he stock mask , hold a gun . female israeli television anchor eliezer halfin . yosef romano . int . a room in jerusalem - time unknown 28 another photo . a male voice wael Zwaiter . int . avner ‘s apartment , tel aviv -- early evening 29 avner and daphna watch . female israeli television anchor amitzur shapira . daphna ( softly : ) oh God . I think I know he cousin , int . a room in jerusalem - time unknown 30 another photo . a male voice Dr. basil al - kubaisi . ext . on a square in jerusalem ~ day 31 a procession of coffin , drape with israeli flag , be make they way through a massive , somber crowd . people be weep . a band be play the hatikvah . female israeli television anchor kehat shorr. Mark slavin . andrei spitzer . 32 33 18 . int . a room in jerusalem - time unknown 32 another photo . a male voice kamal nasser . another phote . a male voice kamal adwan . a male voice mahmoud yussuf najjer , also know as " Abu yussuf " . another photo be place as the previous photo be pick up . a male voice Mohammed boudia . another photo . then another . a male voice Hussein al - chir . Ali Hassan salameh . int . avner 's apartment , tel aviv - early evening 33 avner and daphna , listen . avner be still silently pronounce the name . female israeli television anchor ( v.0 . ) yacov springer . moshe weinberg . Charlie be whining from the kitchen . dahpna I try not to think about you but I could not . avner I have the world 's most boring job . what 's go to happen to I ? daphna they be just athlete . they go to the Olympic . look what happen to they . what now ? 34 19 . avner smile at she . avner now ? now we be go to have a baby . int . a room in jerusalem - time unknown 34 the tabletop , picture of the arab man in a disorderly pile . a male voice eleven name . the room be cluttere , shutter , smoky , a air of siege and crisis , and all its occupant be dishevel , weary -- they nve be argue , fight , plan , argue again for many many hour and it show . meir be rumple , all business , hair a mess , wear glass . around the table ten people be seat : golda meir , General Zvi Zamir , General aharon yariv , General eytan nadav , Mike Harari , head of mossad 's Central operational Group -- the voice announce the name of the Palestinians --~ and four other minister , include meir shamgar , the Attorney General . Harari gather together the photograph , and put they in a folder . he pass the folder the the Attorney General , who have before he another folder , thick with document . mike harari give we the order and we begin . everyone at the table look to meir . golda meir it 's the same as eichmann . we say to this butcher , '' you do not want the share this world with we , then we do not have to share this world with you . '' ( to the Attorney General : ) there 's legitimacy for this . the Attorney General wince . golda meir ambushed and slaughter again . while the rest of the world be play game , glympic torch and brass band and dead Jews in Germany . and the world could not care less . a minister we have respond . we send seventy fighter jet . another minister a response no one hear . a minister Air strike on guerilla training center . that 's a response . general eytan nadav no one notice what happen in the border camp . a minister sixty Arabs dead , at least , who know how many wounded ? general nadav this be about fix the world 's attention . general zamir ~ 4 '' well : itis. not just a. publicity . stunt . he hold up the photograph of salameh for all to see . general zamir let I remind you : Ali Hassan salameh . he invent Black September . brief silence in the room golda meir this people ... they be swear to destroy we . forget peace for now . we have to show they we be strong . {a beat ) we have law , we represent civilization . some people say we can not afford to be civilized . I have always resist such people . she look sharply at Harari , he look back at she . golda meir ( cont 'd ) ( angry : } but I do not know who this maniac be or where they come from . Palestinians ? who be Palestinians ? ( more ) 35 36 Zl . golda meir ( cont 'd ) there be no such people . they be not ... recognizable . you tell I , what law protect people like this ? today I be hearing with new ear . a nod to Harari . golda meir ( cont 'd ) every civilization find it necessary to negotiate compromise with its own value . I have make a decision , the responsibility be entirely mine . the Attorney General open the document folder . he take 4 photo , match it with a document , and sign . he take another photo , another document , and sign . ext . outside avner' apartment , tel aviv - morning 35 avner come out of he apartment building . a government sedan be wait for he . a soldier be stand beside the car , hold open the curbside passenger door . avner 's surprised . avner usually I take the bus . soldier we be go to Jerusalem . get in . avner peer inside the car . ' there 's a soldier in the driver 's seat . General Zamir be in the backseat . avner leok back at he front door , then get in . int . inside the car - morning 36 avner climb into the car . he salute the general , awkwardly . Zamir nod . the car pull out . avner you swore we in , my unit , when I join mossad . General Zamir nod . general zamir I do not remember you . of course I know you father . General Zamir pick up the Jerusalem Post and , ignore avner , read . avner stare out the window . the car drive on . 37 22 . int . golda meir ‘s apartment in jerusalem - day 37 avner and General Zamir enter the room . seat on a couch and comfy chair in a ordinary apartment , painting and photo on the wall : golda meir , Mike Harari , General aharon yariv , General eytan nadav and ephraim . golda meir look calmer , resign , more pull - together than before . she 's dress to look official . golda meir avner . it 's be ... avner two year since -- golda meir sit. this be Harari . avner nod , wide - eye . golda meir ( cont 'd ) General nadav over there , and this be General yariv . how be you ? how be you father ? avner he 's ... um , fine , thank you . golda meir coffee ? wonderful to see you again . avner shake he head no , then yes . he look at ephraim , who smile at he but whom no one have introduce . general zamir { to avner : ) sit. avner sit , as do Zamir . golda meir serve he coffee . general zamir the chief of mossad , two general and the Prime Minister . obviously it 's important . general yariv this be something new . what happen in munich change everything . the rule , everything . silence . 23 . general zamir we want to ask you , will you undertake a mission ? a important mission . you will have to leave the country and you family . maybe for year . general yariv and it 's dangerous . general zamir you can not talk about it to anyone , not even you wife . general yariv you could die do this , away from home , and no one will know where you be bury . general nadav ( to avner : ) now you should say something . general zamir do you have any question ? avner so ... this be not about guard tourist on El Al jet ? Zamir chuckle at this . general nadav no question ? do we mention how dangerous it be ? golda meir you know my sister die Tuesday ? avner no , I + golda meir Cancer . I could not go to the athlete 's funeral because she die . that upset people , but ... she be my sister . family matter . you wife be pregnant ? avner yes , seven month . 24 . golda meir mazeltov . meir and yariv exchange a look . avner watch they . golda metr you be one of my favorite bodyguard , you know ? I like neat , durable man . avner you like have the son of a hero around . golda meir Truth to be tell , you do not look much like you father . avner no ? golda meir you mother be who you resemble . she stand , and everyone stand . she pat avner 's cheek . after briefly confer with yariv , meir leave the room . general zamir ( to avner : ) what 's you answer ? mike harari eleven unarm jewish boy , butcher . that 's jewish history . it 's a heavy burden . Harari tap avner 's sternum , hard , with a blunt forefinger . mike harari ( cont 'd ) I wish they have ask I to do this . I wish I be young . Harari cock a ever-so-slightly skeptical eyebrow at yariv . avner see it . general nadav if we do not respond , if they think we be weak , there will be munich every year . that 's it , you see . irrefutable . a new munich , every year . on and on . we can not be weak . nadav , yariv , Zamir and Harari stand , ready to go . 38 42 25 . general zamir tomorrow morning . if you can not decide in one day you can not decide . ephraim watch avner watch the general and Harari leave . ephraim her sister die , but I think she do not go to the athlete 's funerais because some people be angry at she for not negotiate with the terrorist . she do not go to the funeral because she do not want to be boo . it 's a good sign that you do not ask question . you will say yes . I be you case officer . my name be ephraim . ephraim leave . avner be alone . omitted 38 int . avner' apartment ~ night 7 42 avner and daphna be make love . she 's on top . they be careful because she 's so pregnant . they finish . daphna lie down . avner how late in a pregnancy before you have to stop have sex ? daphna Labor ? avner laugh . silence . she look daphna ( cont 'd ) do not worry about it . you will not be around . they lie still , not look at one another . then at avner . daphna ( cont 'd ) will you ? ( not a joke : ) whatever they want , make sure they give you a raise . I need thing . for the baby . 3g avner I can not live with refuse this . a beat . dapena you mother , she know what she be do , she abandon you at that kibbutz ~- avner she do not abandon I , my father have disappear , he be in prison , she be overwhelm , she -— ~ daphna so she put you in the kibbutz and abandon you . and now you think Israel 's you mother . so listen , avner , I be go to go along with this . until I do not . you understand I ? avner I leve you . daphna I be not the hero 's nice wife . he grab she . she resist . then they hug , ferociously . int . room 27~5-h , mossad headquarters , tel aviv - day 39 ephraim be seat behind a desk in a entirely nondescript room . avner be seat across the desk . ephraim take a sheet of paper from a desk drawer , slide it across the desk to avner . ephraim first you resign from mossad . avner look at ephraim , surprised . ephraim ( cont 'd ) you new contract . it say we do not employ you , offer you benefit or pension or legal aid or medical assistance . it 's a contract that there be no contract . avner sign . 40 avner do I get a copy ? ephraim you do not . you pension contribution refund . ephraim hand avner a check and put the sign contract back in the desk draw , lock it . ephraim stand . ephraim ( cont 'd ) you be now officially unofficial . unemploy and uninsured . int . room 27-5-i , mossad headquarters - day 40 a accountant 's office adjacent to room 27 - 5 - h . avner and ephraim be stand . behind a small , neat desk with a ; add machine , a leathery - tough old man have interrupt he work to talk to they , mossad accountant you will open two account at the Union de banque suiss in geneva on rue de la commerce . operational fund in one box , in the other , you salary . which you do not take till the mission end , when you get what accumulate . also for each of you man you open a account for he salary . avner how many man do I -- mossad accountant in the operational fund box we will deposit two hundred and fifty thousand american dollar . you take it out , we put more in . I want receipt . you be not work for Baron rothschild , you be work for Israel , a small country . I be a old galicianer from a mud hut in the Ukraine and I do not trust yekke putze let loose in Europe with unlimited operational expense . avner I be be bear in Israel , I be not a yekke . 41 28 . mossad accountant where 's you grampa from ? avner Frankfurt . mossad accountant you ‘’re a yekke . tt want receipt . take a train or a subway , no one need taxi and airplane all the time . you wife receive monthly a thousand dollar in she bank account . ephraim also we will leave message in the box with the operational fund . and you can leave message for we . but there should not be message . mossad accountant I do not care about that . bring I receipt . you get I ? avner I get you . mossad accountant whatever you be do , somebody else be pay for it . remember . the accountant dismiss they with a wave of he hand and return to he calculation . ext . a stone pier by the sea , jaffa - day 41 ephraim and avner be eat baklava from a white cardboard box . ephraim we have eleven palestinian name . each have a hand in plan munich . you be go to kill they . eleven man , one by one . they be all in Europe now . you will stay there as long as it take . Europe only , not the arab country , that 's for we , not you , and not the Eastern bloc , do not upset the Russians , who need it . you will have no contact with we . 29 . avner you be not go to give I any information ? ephraim we deposit money from a fund that do not exist into a box we do not know about in 4 bank we never set foot in . we can not help you because we never hear of you before . you will do what the terrorist do . you think they report back to home base ? they do not . we want they dead . they walk a bit . ephraim finish a piece of baklava , smack he lip , breathe the air . ephraim ( cont 'd ) nothing better than eat something sweet by the sea . you can ask question now . avner be I -alone ? «.. z ephraim four other . they know useful thing like car , document , clean - up to make sure you do not accidentally drop you fake passport next to the dead body . you be the team leader . avner who , um , who kill the target ? ephraim you do . who else ? use gun if you have to , but bomb be preferable . one of you guy know how to make they . we want everyone to read in Le monde some famous arab terrorist be dead , who know who blow he up ? avner why I ? ephraim what 's wrong with you ? 30 . avner I be not a experience field operative . ( get it : ) so I be not know . ephraim and not even I know you now . avner and also I live in Frankfurt when I be a kid , a yekke Jew who know he way around Europe -- ephraim that 's a good reason and here 's one more : you be ordinary , you be not a sabra Charles bronson . avner I be a sabra . ephraim yeah I know . I know so much about you . . a nice sabra with a dog and a baby on the way and you will not shoot Spanish bellhop . no bellhop , no civilian . that kind of trouble we can not afford . the hard thing will not be find they . some of they , anyway , be not so carefully hide . the hard thing will be not punish yourselves by get catch or get kill . avner be there other team ? or -- ephraim you be underprepare . what else be new ? be we prepare to build we owh country ? we do it anyway . you will figure it out . avner how come you be so sure ? ephraim because every Jew on earth see that eleven coffin and think " I want to kill the one who do this . " you get lucky . ( more ) 43 a4 45 bi. ephraim {cont ' ' d ) you want to say this be a mistake ? want to pass this job on to someone else ? now 's the time . no one will ever know . B beat . avner I already sign the contract . ephraim ( smiling , pleased : ) what contract ? do you want the last piece of baklava ? avner shake he head no . ephraim ( cont 'd ) smart decision , you should avoid sweet . after all you just sign away you dental insurance . in the movie , the follow scene come before the one that just conclude . int . on board a swiss AIR flight to geneva - night 43 the plane 's half - empty , the other passenger be asleep . avner have a row to himself . he ' 's sit by the window , stare out . he switch on the light overhead . his reflection appear . another face appear in the reflection , apparently right behind avner , a man in a stock mask . avner stare into the other man 's dark eye , veile but visible through the mesh . int . in the hallway of apartment one , 31 connollystrasse , 44 munich -~ 4:25 am ( stage / ice rink ) the eight intruder be shove as a group against a door . int . apartment 1 , 31 connollystrasse , munich - 4:25 am 45 ( stage / ice rink ) on the other side of the door , yossef gutfreund be shouting to wake up the other . behind he , tuvia sokolovsky be break the glass in a window and crawl out . finally the fedayeen succeed in force the door open . guttfreund fall the the ground . 46 47 48 48a 48b 48b 32 . int . apartment 1 at 31 connollystrasse — 4:30 am {stage / ice 46 rink ) moshe weinberg , the wrestle coach , rush at issa , who be enter he room ; weinberg slashes issa across the chest with a fruit knife he 's find lie nearby . tony , enter the room behind issa , fire a pistol and shoot weinberg in the face . severely wounded , he hurl himself at the man who shot he , drop the knife on the ground . int . upstair apartment one front room , 31 connollystrasse 47 4:45 am ( stage / ice rink ) issa , paolo , abu-halah , badran , kader , and Salah , brandish ak47 , be tie up springer , shapira , schorr , spitzur and guttfreund , scream at they , interrogate they , ask for the whereabouts of other israeli athlete . weinberg be be herde out of the room . int . upstair apartment three at 31 connollystrasse - 4:45a08 ( stage / ice rink ) tony , badran , paolo , kader and samir be roust out of bed berger , tsobari , slavin , halfin , romano , on crutch , and freedman . weinberg , face bleed and bandage with a scarf , be lean against a wall . int . hallway outside apartment one , 31 connollystrasse ~- 48a 4:46 — m ( stage / ice rink ) the athlete from apartment three , hand raise , be be lead into apartment one by the fedayeen . weinberg , behind tsobari , shout at the other to run , and as he do he turn and smashes one of the fedayeen , badran , in the face , tear a gash in badran 's face , knock out several tooth . badran fall . one of the fedayeen fire a pistol into weinberg 's head , kill he . tsobari escape out a door which lead to the underground 48b carpark . int . upstair apartment one front room , 31 connollystrasse 8b - 4:50 am ( stage / ice rink ) romano , drop he crutch , also run , limping painfully , into apartment one . he grab weinberg 's drop knife as he run up the spiral staircase . 48 bb 49 50 51 33 . at the top of the stair he encounter one of the fedayeen : Salah , who be wear a stock mask . with great force romano stab Salah in he forehead . he scream , spraying blood , and stagger , the knife stick straight out of he forehead . romano run into the room in which the first five athlete be captive ( schorr springer shapira shpitzer and guttfireund ) . as romano burst into the room , cover in blood , he be confront by Abu hallah who fire kill romano who fall heavily into the middle of the room , while the bound athlete inside cower from the gunfire . ext . the sidewalk outside 31 connollystrasse ~ 4:55 am 48bb ( stage / ice rink ) tony , kader and Paulo drag the body of moshe weinberg out to the sidewalk . they drop he corpse face - down on the sidewaik . they run back into the building . int . on board a swiss AIR flight to geneva - night 49 outside the plane 's window , the dawn be break in a thin red line on the horizon . avner 's stare at he reflection . he turn out the overhead light . ext . the union do banque suiss , geneva - day 50 establish shot of the bank . int . the safety deposit vault , union do banque suiss , 51 geneva ~ day avner be in a private room in the vault . he have a empty knapsack with he . one large safety deposit box and five smaller one be on the table . there 's a pile of rubber band on the table . avner open the large box . it 's pack with stack of US dollar . he remove ten stack of bill from the box , a great deal of cash , and put they in the knapsack . then he open one of the smaller box . it 's get a modest amount of cash . he close the smaller box , leave all the money inside . he make sure all box be lock . he be fastidious . holding he knapsack , he push a button at the side of the deor of the room . the door be open immediately by a very pretty , very swiss bank official , who smile at avner as she usher he out of the room . he smile back at she . 52 34 . int . the safe house in frankfurt - day 52 it 's a handsomely furnish apartment , solid furniture . Carl , han , and Steve and Robert be meeting for the first time . everyone 's dress casually except for han , who wear a coat and tie . behind they be a table set for dinner . avner emerge from the kitchen , wear a apron , carry @ large steaming brisket on a tray . han a team leader who cook ! what a luxury ! avner year in the kibbutz kitchen . steve ( to avner : ) } you have do this before ? avner done what ? '' sit. everyone sit . avner start serve . steve because I join mossad ten minute ago and I be , I want to kill every one of this pig but -- so , so some of you have training in -- carl ( point to han : ) he sell antigue . han right here in Frankfurt ! it 's a front , but successful , I ’ma document and identity specialist with a sharp eye for early danish modern . ROBERT I make toy . carl i think you make bomb . 35 . es ROBERT toy . in Brussels . but do not worry , I have be study how to make bomb ! steve ( to avner : ) be it Ali Hassan salameh ? be that we job ? we be here to kill the guy who plan munich , be I right ? everyone eat . ROBERT after the six Day War , I join mossad because I need to do something , you know ? for my people . when my son come along I think , well . I have make a new Jew . avner my wife 's expect . ROBERT mazeltov ! e@ carl and han ROBERT mazeltov ! that 's wonderful ! when ? avner a couple of month from now . ROBERT think we will be do by then ? silence . eat . no one want to talk about this . carl it 's strange , be not it ? to think of oneself as a assassin ? avner then think of yourself as something else . han a soldier . in a war . avner nod . Carl raise he glass to han , a toast . steve right , and you know how to shoot , e to assassinate people ? right ? ( more ) 53 36 . steve ( cont would ) I mean , mazel on the baby and all that , that 's just great but , but -- ( to Robert ) you make dolis , in a toyshop , and ( to han ) you shop for sofa and ( Carl ) I do not know what you do -- carl I worry . han his ulcer have ulcer . steve ( to avner : ) so why have they make you team leader ? han because he really know how to cook a brisket . avner you nre only the wrong guy for the ' job if you screw it up . '' so let 's not screw it up . int . the safe house in frankfurt - day 53 from a high angle above the table : the table , light by lamp , have be clear for work . the eleven photograph of the target Palestinians have be laid out on the table as they be in scene 34 . avner there be seven hard target , military , armed . and four soft target , poet , loudmouth intellectual . each have blood on he hand , each be responsible in some way for munich . they examine the photo as they talk . ROBERT how do we find we target ? avner that 's the tricky part . no help from mossad . a beat . everyone consider this . 37 . carl let 's not waste time with the arab coffeehouse and mosque . informer tattling on informer . han and the money we pay the informer get funnel straight back to Black September . carl the fedayeen in munich have AK - 47 , fake passport , plane ticket . who pay for all that ? avner we be forbidden the arab country . we can not go to Eastern Europe either . carl which leave the european radical Left . han palestinian sympathizer , and penetrable . sloppy , even . carl money leave trail . and it open pathway . the group continue to discuss , avner watch . Steve , Robert and han be exchange idea . we do not hear the dialogue ; as avner watch , we hear the sound of a phone be diall , ringing , someone pick up . andreas ( german ) ( v.0 . ) hello ? avner ( german ) ( v.0 . ) andrea ? guess who ? andreas ( german ) ( v.0o . ) Holy shit ! avner ( german ) ( v.0 . ) surprise ? andreas ( v.0 . ) you punch I ! you break my jaw ! 54 55 38 . avner ( german ) ( v.0 . ) that be ten year ago . ( in english ) and you be screwing my girlfriend . omitted 54 int . andreas' apartment in frankfurt ~ night 55 the apartment be a elegant shamble ; clearly expensive , remnant of costly furnishings , but also poster from strike and march and a portrait of fanon thumbtack on smoke - dingy wall . book be strewn everywhere . andrea and he girlfriend , yvonne , be smoking pot ; avner be pretend to , but he be not . there 's also beer and wine . yvonne be hold Herbert marcuse 's " reason and Revolution " : yvonne ( german ) the problem be consider right and wrong as ethical question . marcuse say hegel 's " philosophy of right " do not place " wrong " in a moral category , it 's -- andreas ( german ) then it 's ok to kill someone who -- yvonne ( german ) free will necessarily create wrong . that 's in marx , the blind anarchy of capitalism . you have to be willing to re-consider , right , wrong , they be just way of talk about a terrible struggle , part of a equation , a dialectic -- strip the sentiment out and try to come to term with historical force external to we and indifferent to moral category . andreas ( german ) {over yvonne , after '' you have to be willing etc '' : ) she 's amazing , be not she ? avner ( german ) {over yvonne : } I do not know what she 's talk about . andreas ( german ) ( over yvonne : ) neither do I but she 's dead sexy , yeah ? yvonne ( german ) fuck you , pig. {to avner , in german : ) you do not read much , huh . avner ( german ) I be busy . andreas ( german ) what sort of business do you ... andrea re-light a joint he 's hold and toke it . avner ( german ) I work for some Americans . andreas ( german ) Rich Americans , right ? avner take the joint out of andrea 's finger , put it in he mouth but do not toke . he take a enormous wad of money from he pocket . he crack up , as do andrea . ' yvonne put marcuse down and take the money from avner 's hand , then the joint from he mouth . she toke and start count the money . andreas hey , yvonne ! avner want to get in you pants ! he tell I . andrea take the joint from yvonne . he toke . andreas ( in english ) T really miss you , man , you know , we really love each other . avner that be , like , a long time ago , man , we be in high school ! yvonne ( german ) it 's sixty thousand dollar , avner . avner start to laugh again , as if he 's stone , andrea join in . yvonne take the joint , toke . 40 . avner ( german ) ( to yvonne ) I have a few name , people I need to find . for my rich Americans . {in englise : ) give I my money , yvonne . he reach for it . she pull away , hang on to the money . avner ( german ) ( cont 'd ) be you baader - meinhof ? Red Army faction ? what ? yvonne one hundred fifty . avner one hundred in cash . avner take a smaller wad of cash out of another pocket . andreas ( german ) one hundred ... thousand !??! dollar ?! avner this people I be look for , you do not know they . yvonne we might . avner ( german ) you do not . but I think maybe you know people who would . a beat . yvonne ( german ) and it 's Americans ? you work for -- avner exhales . he take a $ 5,000 bill out of the new wad . avner see ? James madison . american . yvonne and andrea look at one another . yvonne we will ask some friend . 56 41 . ext . a cafe off the piazza navona - day 56 andrea and avner be sit at a table with tony , a tough - look italian man , mid -40s , very serious , plate of pasta in front of they . tony hiding ? the Arabs be not hide . munich be a big success for they . andreas yeah , the implication of munich for the struggle be incredibly , um tony they get everyone 's attention . they be recruiting , make plan . give I a few name . avner hesitates . they stare at one another . andrea be ignore . _. tony . on , . I can not help if I do not know who you be try to find . we will have to trust . you have to cross the line . mmake a little '' come to I '' gesture , lean in :) I trust you . you carry cash and you do not make speech . nowadays , everyone make speech . like we friend andrea . talk talk talk . tony give andrea 's face a gentle slap . andrea try to pretend not to be insulted . tony so name I a arab . avner Abu yussuf . Abu daoud . wael Zwaiter . kemal nasser . tony nod noncommitally : '' I have hear of they '' avner salameh . tony forget salameh . too hard . 42 . andreas {to avner ) who be this guy ? why be you try to find Arabs , it 's -- tony sixty thousand per name . dollar . avner if it 's good information . tony if it be not good it do not cost . wael Zwaiter 's here . in Rome . he just translate " the Arabian Night '' into italian . tomorrow there 's a read . he 's break . he have a retarded niece he call every day in Damascus . andreas {to avner ) be you try to join the plo ? tony {to andrea ) we need to talk alone . tony indicate andrea should leave . andrea look to avner , who look back at he , blank . tony {to avner ) and also maybe you need people to help with you work , car , van . andreas ( to avner ) listen , be careful with this guy , he , they say he be dangerous . avner {to andrea , softly , in german : ) go. I do not want to see you hurt , either . andreas hurt ? avner tell anyone about this and , I do not know , just do not ok ? 57- 58 59 60 43 . andrea look from avner to tony . the menace in tony 's face be unmistakable : '' or I will kill you . '' andrea , shocked , look back at avner . avner nod to he to confirm the impression he 's just get from tony . andrea leave . avner watch he go . tony anything you need . we provide . avner turn back to tony , think . he nod . avner I need receipt . omit 57- 58 int . a safehouse apartment in rome ~ late afternoon 59 a one - room apartment , window tightly shutter , though golden Roman afternoon light be leak in . there be several mattress on the floor , and street map , surveillance photoes , document , newspaper lie scattered about . avner , Carl , han , Robert and Steve , dress in the clothes they will wear during the hit , be kneel on the floor in a circle . cari hold four straw in he fist . avner watch ; the other draw straw . they compare . Robert have the shortest straw . the other look at he . he look away , unhappy . ext . a SMALL coffee house / bookshop , rome - day 60 a little courtyard patio restaurant outside the bookshop . a thin palestinian man , wael Zwaiter , be stand face a small crowd of italian and Arabs . he be hold a copy of he newly - publish translation of '' 1,001 Arabian Night . '' zwaiter ( in italian : } what attract I to the scheherazade story , to what you in the West call '' the Arabian Night '' ~ - well I be not a arab . I be palestinian . and why have a palestinian poet work for year translate '' 1,001 Arabian Night '' from the Arabic into italian ? apart from the expectation of enormous rich , I mean ? the audience laugh quietly . 61 62 63 44 , across the street , Carl be watch this performance . zwaiter ( in italian : ) I love what this classic say about the power of narrative , the relationship of narrative to survival . as long as the girl scheherazade tell a story , she stay alive . for she , the storey be from fantasy . the storey of my people be from memory . we tell they , over and over ; to save ourselves from oblivion . you see ? narrative can have the power to conquer death . Zwaiter stand . zwalter ( in italian : } thank you for come to my read . thank you for listen to I . the audience applaud politely . Zwaiter mingle with he audience . ext . a SMALL copfee house / bookshop , rome - late afternoon 61 a little while later . the small crowd have go and Zwaiter be leave . he walk down the street . Carl follow behind he . int . SMALL grocery store - late afternoon 62 Zwaiter be use a payphone , speak softly . at the counter , Carl be buy a apple . Zwaiter hang up the phone , go to the shelf and select : a jar of maraschino cherries , some green - color dish soap , a bottle of orange soda pop , a bottle of grape juice , a salami , bread , and fruit . he catch Carl 's eye as Carl leave the store . they smile and nod at one another , friendly . ext . outside a SMALL grocery , rome - late afternoon 63 Carl emerge from the store , nod to Steve who be across the street in a flat , sit next to a young italian woman , who look bored . Steve nod back at Carl and drive off . swaiter come out of the store , carry two brown paper bag with grocery . he walk down the street . Carl follow behind he . 64 65 45 , ext . the piazza annibaliano - late afternoon 64 ar van enter the square . it pull up next to a fountain in the center of the square . han hop out . he look around the square . he spot Steve 's fiat across the square , park curbside by a apartment building . when Steve see han get out of the van , he step out of the fiat . Steve position himself a few doorway away , step into the doorframe to strike a match , light a cigarette . the bored italian woman inside the fiat drive away . Zwaiter enter the piazza with he grocery . as Zwaiter 's enter , the van have move from the fountain and be approach the parking space previously occupy by the fiat . as Zwaiter enter the building , han be step out of the van . Steve get behind the van 's steering wheel and han take up Steve 's former position . int . the lobby of Zwaiter's apartment build - late 65 afternoon - : : the lobby be dark . Zwaiter open the front door and step inside . he juggle he grocery bag and reach for the lobby iight switch . he flick the switch , and the light 's timer start . avner and Robert be stand between Zwaiter and the curve staircase . Zwaiter look at the two man , and they look at he . everyone 's blank for a moment , then : avner be you wael Zwaiter ? zwaiter yes ? I be sorry I -- it -~ avner do you know why we be here ? a beat . Zwaiter shake he head " no , '' confuse . Robert and avner draw they gun ; avner 's gun get catch momentarily in he belt . % waiter be freeze . avner be you wael -- ROBERT he say yes already , he -~ 66 46 . avner I do not hear he say that he -- Zwaiter walk slowly to avner and put he hand gently on avner 's gun ; he try carefully to lower it . Robert fire two shot , through the grocery bag and into Zwaiter 's chest . Zwaiter look at Robert , shocked . then avner fire , two shot , again through the shopping bag , which Zwaiter continue to hold . Zwaiter scream in pain , then drop to he knee , then fall flat on he face , crush the grocery in the bag . there 's a sound of bottle break : maraschino liquid , green soap , orange soda , grape juice , mix with dark blood , spill out under Zwaiter . he try to roll over but can not ; he 's panting , sobbing . zwaiter {almost inaudible : ) La , la . aiuto , aiutec , please , please ... he roll over onte he back . Robert walk up close and fire another shot right into Zwaiter 's chest . avner do the same . Zwaiter 's already stop move . daze , they each fire again . — ~ Robert and avner stand over the body , gun out , breathe . suddenly the timer click the light off . avner swivel in the dark , gun at the ready . he slam the light switch on and quickly locate , pick up and pocket the shell casing , count to ... seven . he look for the eighth case , then give up . Robert be crouching over the body . he hold he hand over he nose and mouth , smell something terrible . he gag . suddenly the lobby elevator shudder and jolt into life . Robert and avner jump . someone on a upper floor be descend avner move . ext . outside zwaiter 's apartment build - late afternoon 66 avner and Robert walk briskly out of the building . the van be wait . on the side of the van , a sign : " maurizio and son , garden '' avner and Robert yank open the van 's rear door and tumble in . han be inside , wait , and Steve be in the driver 's seat . they pull the door close and the van drive off . 67 68 47 . int . inside the van - late afternoon 67 han , Robert and avner be seat on sack of soil and fertilizer on the floor of the van . garden supplies and ornament be ail around they , sway as the van drive through Roman street . everyone inside be adrenalate and freak out . steve what happened ? what happened , why didn't you shoot he ? avner we shot he ! steve I didn't hear a -~ ROBERT we kill he ! GOD damn , he -- avner EIGHT shot ! ROBERT he shat himself ! he's dead ! everyone stop shouting . they sit in silence as the van sway . they take in the interior of the van : all around they , wrap in clear plastic , be cheap paint plaster virgin Mary garden statue , each hold a baby Jesus . han hallelujah . it 's a sign . ext . the patio of a SMALL HOTEL in latina - night 68 several hour later . a waitress be serve food . awful bouncy italian music be pipe in . han , Steve , avner and Robert be drink wine , a little sloshed . there be no other customer . han be poring over a pile of small piece of paper -- receipt . Steve drink , happy ; Robert be drunker and glum . avner be tense , watch the door , wait for something . Carl come in , look very tired . this be what avner be wait for . Carl sit next the avner . the other watch . carl well , what do you want I to say ? he 's dead . 48 . Carl reach in he pocket and take out a bullet case . he toss it to avner . avner pocket it , silence . avner have some wine . we be celebrate . carl that old pesach story . the angel be rejoice because the egyptian have just drown in the Red Sea . avner I do not say we be rejoice . we be celebrate . carl and God say to the angel " why be you celebrate ? I have just kill a multitude of my child . " han fold up the pile of receipt . han ( to avner ) Mr. Zwaiter . he cost we , by my calculation , roughly $ 352,000 . avner ( to cari ) you do not finish the story . the angel respond to God . they say " we be celebrate , God , because when people hear what happen to the egyptian they will understand you point . " carl which be ? steve do not fuck with the Jews . I do not know about the rest of you but I be not celebrate , I be goddamn rejoice . avner raise he glass . avner to the martyr . the other raise they glass . they toast , and drink , sorrow descend as they remember . and a 69 70 49 . Steve get up and go to the waitress . he grab she and start to waltz she around . she laugh , enjoy it . the other four watch this , then look at one another . avner get to he foot , then pull rebert up , and they start to dance , Robert heavy , stumbling a little . han join they , throw he arm around they shoulder . avner pull Carl in . Steve leave the waitress , join the other . they dance a kind of heavy - foote hora out of time to the bad italian pop . as they dance , awkward , self - conscious , a closeness settles in . ext . a STREET in paris - day 69 a small side street in the marais . tony and avner be stand outside a shop , wait . Louis , a frenchman , slightly young than avner , arrive on foot . tony introduce the two . it 's all quite friendly . tony whisper something to Louis , then get into @ car wait by the curb . the car drive off . Louis take avner 's arm and lead he away . int . a vegetable market / cafe - day 70 avner be shopping with Louis . Louis have a shopping list and be fill a macrame carry sack with vegetable . louis we service have be satisfactory ? avner pricey . louis a Jew and a frenchman . we could haggle forever . avner I be not a Jew . Louis nod , smile . he show avner the shopping list . louis what do you suppose a '' ramson '' be ? avner it 's a kind of wild leek . not in season . garlic will do . louis my papa sometimes lose track of the season . I know nothing about food , why do he make I shop ? 50 . Louis hand avner the shopping list . as they walk and talk , avner hand Louis vegetable , consulting the list . Louis put they in the carry sack . louis you nre wonder if I be french Intelligence . avner or CIA . or kgb . louis or a agent with a profitable sideline in information . I could be anybody . you could be anybody too . Identity : that 's the boring part . here 's what be not boring : as long as you do not work for any government -~ avner I be in private business . louis Rich Americans , I hear . I be in private business too . my family . we can locate almost anyone , for anyone , anywhere , and we be ideologically promiscuous . we love everyone . or hate everyone , I get my feeling confuse . if you be not work for any government : we know or we find . we do not find , you do not pay . Louis take a photo out of he bookbag . he slide the photo over to avner . avner look down at it . louis ( cont 'd ) mahmoud hamshari . a beat . avner turn the picture over . there 's information write on the reverse . Louis hand avner a series of black - and white photo , show hamshari leave he apartment , get into a car , talk with colleague in front of the arab League headquarters . avner examine this as Louis talk . louis he 's one of you famous name , yes , monsieur ...? 72 jia 72 avner franz storsch . avner hand Louis a fold copy of Le monde . Louis look inside , remove a fat envelope , put it in the carry sack amidst the vegetable . louis please call I Louis . int . a conference room in a HOTEL , tripoli - day 71 at a long table behind microphone , face a mob of reporter and camera , jamal al - gashey , Adnan al - gashey and Mohammed safady , three of the Palestinians from munich , be seat , they lawyer stand behind they . the press conference be in English , with someone translate over into french . ai- gashey be read a statement . jamal al-gashey what we do in munich be the beginning , only the beginning . if justice be not do for we people , flor . the palestinian : people , .further act of violence , the people 's justice , will occur . CUT to : 71a a television screen : Al - gashey conclude he statement : jamal al-gashey we be not act alone . there be thousand , million with we . int . a safe house in paris - day 72 han , Carl and Steve , in overcoat , suitcase behind they , have just arrive , be stand behind a couch on which avner and Robert be seat . they be watch the television . ROBERT a lufthansa jet be hijacked come from Damascus . the hijacker demand the release of the three killer who survive munich . the Germans agree . instantly . they be free . see ? they're in Libya now . 52 . 722k cut to : 772a the television screen , which show a enormous crowd of people in tripoli gather to welcome the three fedayeen . 72 cont ‘at to : 72 cont 'd. steve ( to Carl ) no qualm about rejoice on they side , huh ? look at that ! they be movie star ! {to avner ) we should go to tripoli and kill they . avner we do not go to arab country . we stick with the name we have be give . silence . avner produce a photo . everyone look at it and then look back to the television , tear . . avner mahmoud hamshari . 72b CUT back to : 72b on the television , another journalist ( os , from the tv ) what do you think you achieve by kill the israeli athlete ? as Adnan al - gashey answer in Arabic , he lawyer translate : lawyer we have ... make we voice hear by the world . 73 int . mahmoud hamshari's apartment , paris — day 73 hamshari , 5as , dapper , professorial , be seat , be interview by a journalist who be reveal to be Robert , smoking a cigarette , play a tape of the release terrorist 's lawyer say : 53 . lawyer ( v.o. on tape : ) we have make we voice hear by the universe , or ... the world , who be not hearing before . Robert click off the tape recorder . mahmoud hamshari what he mean by this be that the world will begin hearing we . we be for twenty - four year the world 's large refugee population , we home take from we , live in camp , no future , no food , nothing decent for we child . mme. hamshari walk in , smile at Robert . ROBERT be the attack in munich justified ? mahmoud hamshari the plo condemn attack on civilian -- mahmoud hamshart mme . hamshart ~~ though for twenty - four tell you newspaper that , year we civilian have be about , about all the year attack by the Israelis . and year of palestinian blood , spill by Israel , and who mourn for we ? mahmcud hamshari Israel just bomb two refugee camp in Syria and Lebanon , two hundred people kill , right after munich they do this , so be that -- mme . hamshart it do not begin in munich . and where do it end ? how will it ever end ? mahmoud hamshart ( in arabic ) please , Marie - Claude , whose interview be this ? mme . hamshari ( french ) it 's you interview , I be just point out something that -~- 74 75 mahmoud hamshari { arabic ) I be perfectly capable of cover all the essential -- Robert . suddenly look at he watch . ROBERT oh , damn ! Doctor , may I , please , you telephone , may I ... I must call my editor , I be sorry -- mahmoud hamshart oh yes , yes you say you ... yes , this way , please , here 's the phone ... hamshari lead Robert to the phone . he leave Robert dial the phone and go to another room , speak in french to he wife . as Robert dial he lift the phone and write down on he pad the model serial number . he place the phone on the pad ; he outline the phone 's base , then measure its height with he finger and make mark on the pad corresponding to this measurement . a young girl come into the room , sit down at the piano and start do practice piece , shyly watch Robert while she play . Robert draw in deep on he cigarette , get she attention . he pop he eye , puff he cheek , then blast smoke through he nose , a dragon ! the girl roll she eye , suppress a smile , get up from the piano and leave the room , try to look completely unimpress . ext . outside hamshari's apartment , paris - morning 74 mme . hamshari and the girl , amina , carry a schoolbag , leave the building and get into a park car . across the street , a van be park , mark with the France telecom logo . int . inside the phone utility van - morning 75 Steve , Carl , Robert and avner , dress in France telecom repair uniform , Steve at the wheel . they watch mme hamshari and amina drive away , , on they way to amina 's school . 76 55 . int . inside hamshari's apartment - morning 76 no one 's home . suddenly the front door pop cpen , Robert force it slightly , a bent wire in the lock . Carl stand behind he clutching a valise , very very gingerly . ROBERT you do not have to baby it , it can not go off unless I push ... Robert take a bakelite box with a teggle switch on it out of he pocket . he flick the switch . Carl drop the valise . Robert catch it . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) and the switch only work after someone pick up the receiver . carl ( badly scared , very angry ? ) . that be not ... funny you stupid -- ROBERT sorry , sorry ... carl I hope you know what you be do . Robert go to hamshari 's phone . Carl and avner watch as he start to install the phone bomb . avner ( with a slight smile , quietly , to Carl : ) do you think I know what I be do ? Carl consider this . carl this man , we do not know what he do , specifically ? avner hamshari arrange the attempt to kill ben-gurion in Copenhagen a few year ago . he 's organize for fatah in France . carl organize . 77 56 . avner yes . carl and in tel aviv , they show you the evidence for this ? avner not evidence , no , it be more ... '' here 's the story . '' I believe they . absolutely . do not you ? Carl do not answer . avner this be war , a crisis , you do not always have to , to ... carl think . avner crutinize every -~ yeah , think . you want to wire ephraim demand evidence , you be on you own . ROBERT I be do . avner good. {to Carl : ) do not think about it . Robert demonstrate : he lift the receiver on the phone , and a light on a remote control device light up . ROBERT I see the light , I flip the switch . and ... well , you know . ext . phone booth , around the corner from hamshari 's apartment build , paris - morning Carl be in the phone booth , pretend the talk on the phone , depress the hang - up button . at the next corner , avner be at a kiosk , browsing through the magazine . tta 77c 77d int . inside a fiat , the STREET in front of hamshari 's tia apartment , paris - morning around the corner , down the street , across from the apartment , a fiat be park . Steve be in the driver 's seat . Robert 's in the passenger seat , hold the remote control device on he lap . han be in the back seat . ext . in front of hamshari 's apartment build - morning 77b mme. hamshari and amina come out and get into a car park in front of the building . amina be carry a schoolbag . avner up the street at the kiosk be watch . he nod to Carl , whe nod back . int . inside the van ~ morning 77 han , Robert and Steve watch mme. hamshari and amina drive away . Steve look up the street at avner at the kiosk . avner , look up at Carl , takeé he hat off . 's steve we leader have doffed he chapeau ... M. hamshari , the grim reaper be now dial you number . ext . the STREET outside hamshari 's apartment ~- morning 77d a large move truck pull up , completely cut off the fiat 's view of the apartment building . avner run down the street , past the truck , look in at the bored driver , who 's obviously settle in for a long stop ; and then he cross the street to the fiat . avner be it block the signal , will the remote work ? Robert hold up the remote device ; the toggle switch be tape , ROBERT I do not know , I ... we will see , probably it 's 1ll be ok . 775 tte 71g 778 77r 775 58. steve go tell the truck , give he some cash and get he to move . han get back to you position , you ea not start improvise now , go back to the corner ! ROBERT it 's a powerful radio , um , thing , it , it 's fine , I think . while avner and the other be talk , they do not see mme . hamshari 's 's car , on the other side of the truck have come back down the street , in reverse . amina get out of the idling car and run back into the apartment building . ext . the STREET outside hamshari's apartment - morning tte avner return to the kiosk ; as he do he nod to Carl . Carl start to dial the phone . int . hamshari's apartment build - morning 77f amina run up the stair . ext . the STREET outside hamshari 's apartment - morning tig Carl continue to dial . int . in the corridor to the hamshari apartment - morning 77h amina run to she apartment door . ext . the STREET outside hamshari 's apartment ~ morning 771 Carl finish dialling . the phone start to ring . int . in the bedroom in hamshari n's apartment -— morning 77s hamshari be put on he shirt as amina run into the room . amina ( arabic ) mommy forget she glass . 7 k 771 77m tin 770 f7p 53. the phone ring . she go to she mother 's vanity and take a pair of glass from a drawer . she run to the phone . amina ( arabic ) I will get it , daddy . she pick up the phone . a slight hum . int . phone booth ~ morning 77 k Carl , hearing the phone be lift , raise he finger as a signal to avner . avner look down the street to the front door of the apartment building . he see mme. hamshari 's car . it register that amina be no longer in the car . avner shoot 4 gauick panicked glance up at the window of hamshari 's apartment , realize suddenly what 's happen . ext . the phone booth - morning 77l Carl hear someone pick up the phone . he start to ask if it 's hamshari when he hear amina 's voice . amina n's voice hello ? int . inside the fiat - morning 77m the indicator light on Robert 's remote light up . Robert start to move the tape off the toggle switch . he can not get the tape off . ext . the STREET outside hamshari 's apartment - morning tin avner run towards the fiat . behind he , across the street , Carl have drop the receiver and be run as well across the street towards the fiat . int . inside the fiat - morning 770 Robert be fumble , have trouble get the tape off the detonator switch . Steve and han be anxiously watch he . int . in the hamshari 's apartment ~ morning ttp amina be hold the phone . 779 77r 778 77t 60 . amina hello ? hello ? {to she father : ) no one be say anything . hamshari approach the phone . ext . the STREET outside hamshari's apartment - morning 770 Robert have peel the tape off and put he thumb on the switch . suddenly Carl and avner appear , pound on the car 's close window . han reach over and stop Robert 's thumb with he hand . Carl and avner be freeze , press against the window . avner draw he hand across he throat , meaning '' abort . '' int . in the bedroom , hamshari's apartment - morning 77r amina look up to she father . amina ( arabic ) nobody be say anything ? hamshari take the phone . hamshari hello ? ( in arabic : ) hello ? he hang up . ext . hamshart 's STREET - morning 778 amina come out of the building and get into the car , hand she mother a pair of sunglass , which she mother put on as she drive away . ext . on the STREET , outside the van - morning 77t han Robert and Steve inside the van and Carl and avner outside on the pavement watch mme. hamshari and amina drive away . the other four all turn to avner , who look up at the hamshari apartment . 77w 78-91 92 int . in the bedroom in hamshari 's apartment - morning 770 hamshari be tie he tie as the phone ring . he look at it . the phone ring again . he answer it . hamshart hello ? ext . phone booth ~ morning tiv carl mahmoud hamshari ? ext . the STREET outside hamshari 's apartment - morning 77w the sound of a explosion , but dull -~ people look up , confuse . the glass in the window of hamshari 's apartment seem to buige outward . thousands of crack appear ; the glass hold . omit 78-91 int . a safe house in paris ~ afternoon 92 close up on a child 's wind - up toy , a tin clown which roll on a ball across a tabletop , move beautifully till it lose its balance and falis over . Robert , thoroughly wretch , pick up the toy , pries it open and tinker with the weight inside . Steve 's watch tv and flipping through a magazine . avner be grind herb in a pestle , prepare dinner . han be again work on the receipt . it 's silent . Carl arrive . carl he 's at l'hopital Cochin . I do not know how badly we hurt he , they be not say . steve ( to Robert : } why do you put a goddamn firecracker in that phone ?! 33 94 95 96 roeert I do not want to blow up the building ! what do you want from I ?! steve a arab corpse . Robert go back to he work , miserable . han work on the receipt . he finish . han another two hundred thousand dollar , more or less , to eliminate target number two . steve if he 's be eliminate . we should stick with gun . avner no one notice a shoot . bomb accomplish a double objective : eliminate target , and terrifying the terrorist . steve that only work when the bomb work . Robert stand abruptly , grab he coat and head for the door . avner stay ! that 's a order ! Robert leave , close the door behind he . omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted 93 94 a5 96 97 so 19 101 102 103 omitted 98 int . the safe house , frankfurt - morning 99 Carl be on the phone . a television be on , and he 's watch it as he talk . carl they discover seven in a mail room near the embassy in , ah , Earl 's court . int . a mail - sorting room , post office , earl' court - day 100 detective and soldier , some with gun , two hold bomb - sniff dog on leash , be look on while a army sapir , head - to toe in canvas and wicker armor , with great care be use tong to extract another manila envelope from a stuff mail bin . he place the envelope on the floor , alongside six other . ext . a payphone near a airport - day 101 avner be talk on the phone to Carl . avner I guess they miss one . ext . the israeli embassy , london - morning 162 a handsome brick mansion at the end of a courtyard off a guiet London street . the israeli flag be fly . carl ( v.0 . ) right after channukah , so I guess there be a big pile - up of mail , and they get careless . int . a office in the embassy - morning 103 the attache for agricultural import , Dr. ami sachori , be stand at he desk . he be sorting through a large pile of mail and look over a report at the same time . he pick up a siightly - larger - than - letter size manila envelope . he tear it open . the envelope explode , hurl sachori in the air over he desk . 164 105 106 107 ioe 64 . omit 104 int . the safe house , frankfurt - morning 105 Carl on the phone , watch the television . on the tv , the israeli ambassador to Britain . the israeli ambassador it have become much easier for this terrorist group to operate in Europe . they take advantage of you open society and you hospitality . and , ah , we believe that unless there be , there be strong concerted anti-terrorist measure , this menace will grow for you as it have for we . carl the israeli ambassador they have find other letter and , ah , there should be no in Israel of course , Canada , sympathy for this evil and Argentina , Vienna , kinshasa , pervert man -- that be the Paris and Brussels . dozen of message of munich , which have they , mostly mail from the be reaffirm by the murde : Netherlands . it 's ail Black in my embassy this morning . September . ext . a payphone near a airport - day 106 avner be on the phone to Carl . avner it 's a response , then . to hamshari . int . the safe house , frankfurt - morning 107 carl and to Zwaiter . they be talk to we . we be in dialogue now . where be you ? ext . a payphone near a airport - day 108 avner on the phone . avner in New York , I '' check on a lead . I will call you back . 109 110 65 . avner hang up . he walk away from the phone . the sign on the phone booth be in Hebrew . int . custom desk , lod airport - day 109 a israeli custom officer be examine a West german passport . custom agent what bring you to Israel , Mr. storsch ? avner Business . and to see the Holy sepulcher . the agent hand avner he passport . custom agent have a pleasant stay . int . the maternity floor , a hospital in tel aviv - day 110 avner 's mother , a woman in she 5as , disappointed , unhappy face , be wait with avner , who be a wreck . other expectant father be wait too . avner' mother be you go to see you father ? avner ( shaking he head '' no " ) why be this take so long ?!? avner' mother it be not fast . we have the best hospital in the world . when you be bear , you father be elsewhere . I be alone . avner he be in prison . avner' mother should you be here ? be not you on duty ? avner you go to turn I in ? how be he ? iil 66 . avner' mother I do not visit you father so much . wilma let he yell at she all the time . she depress I . avner how be you ? avner' mother I be manage , do not worry about I . avner ma ... avner' mother I be proud of what you be do . avner you do not know what I be do . they look at each other . avner look exhaust , and sad . avner' mother ( cont 'd ) I look at you , I know everything I need to know . int . daphna' hospital room lil avner and daphna and geula , the baby . avner she 's frighteningly ugly . daphna she take after you . he stand , walk to the door of the room , look through the little window in the door at he mother , who be sit in a chair in the hallway , look lonely and grim . he go back to daphna 's bed . avner I want you to move . for a time . I have arrange a place , for we , in Brooklyn . I can not come back here again , not for ... I do not know . I can see you there more often , and she . daphna look at geula . 67 . daphna ( cont 'd ) I have my family here , and you parent . avner you want my parent to help raise she ? look what they do to I . daphna do not you want you daughter to be a israeli , avner ? avner she ’1ll always be a israeli . daphna not in Brooklyn . she will just be another homeless Jew . she stroke he face . daphna you nre not so terrible . avner . : io can not do what I be do if I can not see you , I can not ... daphna what be you do ? silence . daphna ( cont 'd ) do not do it , then . avner , this be we home . avner you nre the only home I have ever have . daphna crack up . daphna oh , man , that be so corny ! she can not stop laugh . avner it be not easy to say that ! daphna T bet ! God damn . why would it have to marry a sentimentalist ? you be ruin my life ! 112 113 114 68. omitted 112 int . inside a car parked across the STREET from the HOTEL 113 olympic , on the cyprus coast near nicosia - day han , Steve and avner be watch Hussein abad al - chir , ; business suit , sunglass and a checker kaffiyeh , step into a limousine accompany by three man with Russian face . han show the other a photo . they look from the photo to the man get in the car . steve uh oh , waistline bulge , he have a gun . han as do the Russians . avner it 's definitely he . han os Hussein abad al ~ chir . his room be next to israeli newlywed . they be marrying in cyprus because she 's not jewish . steve {mock horror ) a mix marriage ! a shonde ! avner ok , yeah , but you now , let 's not blow they up . steve Robert 's make the bomb . they have nothing to fear . int . a safe house in nicosia - day , perhap 114 the curtain be draw . light intensely illuminate Robert at a table wiring six bomb together . he have a checklist and a hand - draw diagram near he on the floor , which he consult as he wire . Steve , han , Carl and avner be watch . ROBERT the kgb bring he home every evening . ( more ) 69 , ROBERT ( cont would ) he turn on the light , he undress , he turn off the light , he get into bed . we blow up the bed . carl I know a field agent who get too scared to sleep in he bed . so every night he sleep on the floor of he closet . he still do . every night . sleep in closet . steve be sure to include that anecdote in you memoir , Carl . ROBERT £ al - chir sleep in he closet we be in trouble . if he get into bed , he weight arm the device . when we see he light go out , I wait a bit , hit the remote and ... 115 int . al - chir' room in the HOTEL olympic - late afternoon 115 Steve be hold up the mattress of the bed , sweat under its sagging weight , while Robert , on he knee , be carefully place the bomb , in they frame , under the mattress , and wiring the detonator to a wire that dangle out over the bedframe with a lightbulb on the end of it . Carl guard the door , gun draw . a light knock outside on the door . everyone freeze . Carl open it and admit avner . avner I check in to the room next door . carl why ? avner there be balcony . when I see he get in bed I will signal by switch off the light . carl if the bomb 's too powerful you could be kill . avner that will not happen , right ? 70 . avner ( cont 'd ) Robert ? ROBERT ( concentrate , not listen : ) it will not , no . Robert help Steve lower the mattress very slowly onto the bomb . avner and Carl watch , not breathe . the mattress be now rest on the bomb . rebert check the lightbulb . it 's dark . he smile , nod . he motion to Steve and they raise the mattress again . he make adjustment on the bomb . carl ( softly , to avner ) a boy or a girl ? avner look at he , surprised . avner a girl . carl mazeltov , avner . avner nod , pleased , miss he family . carl do you see the papers this morning ? News from Paris . Dr. hamshari succumb to he wound . he 's dead . so again , mazeltov , avner . Robert and Steve lower the mattress . ROBERT now someone have to test it . avner test it ? ROBERT lie on the bed . if the bomb 's place correctly the bulb will light . so who want to test it ? steve {to Robert : } why do not you test it ? 116 ROBERT it will not blow up . ( a beat ) prove that you trust I . one of you , get in the bed . carl Steve , you do it . Steve look at Robert and fling himself in the air and onto the mattress . the bulb light . ext . the balconies on the fifth floor of the HOTEL olympic16 night avner be stand on the balcony . the room next to he be dark , and the room to the right of that room be light . below he , on the street , a car honk its horn twice . he go to the railing and look down . a limo be pull up . wearing a bathrobe , the young bride in the room one over from avner 's come out on she balcony for a smoke . she see avner and smile at he . her husband come out , clad only in pajama bottom . he nod to avner , then : put he arm around he bride . they look at to sea ; he kiss she neck . avner want to look and look and be embarrassed and look away . the light in the room next to he be switch on . Al ~ - chir be in he room . silence , the sound of a brief phone call in Arabic . the bridegroom be whisper something to the bride . avner , horny , lonely , stare at they . Al - chir step out onto he balcony . avner be startle . Al - chir nod at the bridegroom and bride . they smile at he and then the bridegroom lead the bride back into they room . laughter come from inside , follow by music . they light go out . moan and groan start to drift out . avner stare , al - chir stare , both man fascinate , at the dark open doorway of the newlywed 's room . Al - chir turn to smile at avner . hussein abad al~ chir good evening . avner oh , uh , good evening . 72 . hussein abad al - chir beautiful night . where be you from ? I can not place the -- avner koln . hussein abad al~chir yes ? I would not have guess , it , I think perhaps a swede . I teach in Sweden . near Eastern language . avner really ? hussein abad al - chir Teaching lebanese immigrant woman how to clean house in swedish . surprisingly remunerative . and such a beautiful country ! the sound of love- make increase in volume . hussein abad al~ chir ( cont 'd ) be you here last night ? avner no , I just check in , just arrive , hussein abad al -chir do not plan to sleep . they keep at it till dawn . I love Sweden , I have love all the place I have live , but there 's nothing like the Mediterranean . if you be bear within sight of it you can not live without it . Al - chir take a pack of cigarettes out of he jacket pocket . he take out a cigarette , offer one to avner who shake he head '' no . '' avner where be you bear ? hussein abad al -~chir a town that no longer exist . Al - chir put the cigarette in he mouth and pat he pocket leok for a match . avner take out a lighter , hold it out towards Al - chir , who lean over he side of the balcony . i17 118 73. avner flick the lighter and , use he hand the shield the flame from the wind , light al - chir 's cigarette . Al - chir nod thanks , inhale , exhales . hussein abad al-chir but the sea be still here . the sex sound from the newlywed 's suite become downright raucous . hussein abad al -chir ( cont 'd ) there ! for hour ! take a sleep pill if you have one . you want to borrow one of mine ? avner I can sleep through anything . hussein abad al -chir pleasant dream . he go in he room . then the light go off . avner move closer to the balcony railing where it abut the hotel wall . he haul himself up , then lean in . he hear al - chir move about , sing softly to himself . a tap run . peeing . a toilet flush . then the sound of a man lowering himself into bed with a sigh . avner lean further in . he can just see the foot of the bed , and al - chir 's leg slide under the bedclothes . he lower himself back to he own balcony , go in he room , switch off the light . a beat , and then a enormous explosion ; the wall avner 's room share with al - chir 's be push in and fall over , intact , knock avner back onto he bed . the fan in the ceiling above be sheer off and fall , nearly hit avner . ext . the HOTEL olympic - night 117 smoke and flame explode from ai- chir 's room across he balcony . ext . the STREET in front of the HOTEL olympic ~ night 118 Glass and plaster and stone rain down on the street , bounce off a car in which Steve and Carl be sit . Robert . and han be in the car behind Steve and Carl 's car , han drive , Robert hold the detonator . the car lurch forward , prepare to drive off as plan . 119 120 it screech to a stop amidst the rain of debris as Carl jump out of the first car . Carl slam he hand on the hood of han 's car . carl go! han pull the car out and drive off as Carl run to the hotel . int . avner' room , HOTEL olympic - night i119 avner be trap in a space between he bed and the wall , which be now lean against the oppose wall , picture on it dangle from they hook . avner struggle to get out . int . the fifth floor hallway of the HOTEL olympic - night120 the hall be thick with smoke . avner , cover in plaster dust , cough , be emerge from he room . to the leave of al - chir 's doorless room , the newlywed force they door and stumble out , naked , cover in dust . he 's bleed . froma nasty cut.on he forehead , and she 's momentarily blind by plaster dust and smoke . the groom turn to avner . GROOM oh my God ! oh my God ! avner be you alright ? GROOM what ... what happen ??!! bride ioca not see ! the groom wipe at she eye with he thumb . avner go into they room and come out with sheet . they wrap themselves . avner get downstairs , the stair , here . he push they toward the stair . the door to the stairwell open and Carl , carry a fire extinguisher , rush past avner , they eye meeting . avner lead the couple to the stair as Carl run into al - chir 's room . 122 122 75 . int . in al ~ chir be room , the HOTEL olympic - night 121 smoke and dust . the room be utterly destroy . Carl blast the fire extinguisher at small flame . he grope for the light switch , flick it . the crystal chandelier , a burnt and twisted mess of metal , hang by wire , light up -- one or two bulb be intact . a arm and a section of torso be dangle from the chandelier . Carl switch off the light as avner come in . Carl wipe the extinguisher clean with he handkerchief , then drop it on the floor . carl let 's get out of here . ext . aboard a SMALL fishing boat on the OPEN sea - night 122 the team be huddle over a thermos on the deck . they speak in whisper . carl it be toc powerful , it could have — steve target number three . outcome not in doubt ! carl {to Robert : ) the ceiling in the lobby crack ! you nearly demolish the -- you could have kill avner . and -- ROBERT the plastique be not what I ask for , it could not have be the grade I specify , someone change the marking on the explosive . steve carl what do it matter , we get ( to Robert ) Black September 's contact what do you mean , someone with the kgb ! change the -- ( to Steve : ) shut up , please . han Louis provide the plastique , right ? 123 76 . avner yes . why ? a beat . han ( to avner : ) why be we trust he ? carl we have no idea who he be . avner he 's find we target . han yes , but -- avner without he we have be nowhere in this . ROBERT the plastique be much more .. spowerful than what I request . someone change the label . han for all we know , Louis work for the plo , and they be use we to do internal houseclean . avner that 's -- steve whose fishing boat be this ? everyone look at avner . avner Louis arrange it . silence . Steve take out he .22 , undoe the safety , put it back in its holster . the boat sail on in the dark . ext . the picture glass window of a kitchen design and suphry store on a fancy STREET in paris ~ night it 's late and misty . there be no pedestrian . avner be look at a brightly light and very beautiful swedish - modern kitchen set up for display . i24 124 125 126 126a 127 7 ?. he 's tired , but stare at the kitchen with real long , he eye travel over every inch of it , drink in what at mean : luxury , security , domesticity , daphna -- everything he 's aching for . avner 's hungry , weary face be reflect by the glass . the124 kitchen dim and merge with another image , apparently reflect at first then grow in sharpness and solidity : omitted 124 omitted 125 omitted 126 omitted 126a ext . the picture glass window of a kitchen design and supbly store on a fancy STREET in paris — night avner , watch in the glass , as the. scene of carnage fade away . Louis be stand next to avner . he have a alsatian by the leash . avner turn to look at Louis , unfocus . louis there be nothing wrong with the explosive . bomb maker be nervous , which be understandable . avner louis there 's nothing wrong with my fear make they sloppy . bomb maker , it be you -- louis we have find three more name for you , avner Three ? avner seem dismay , as if someone 's just put a heavy weight on he back . louis yes , three . think you have be pleased . * 78 . avner I be . who ? louis kemal nasser , kemal adwan and yussuf najjer . avner that 's -- adwan and Abu yussuf ? where ? louis Lebanon . they be in Beirut . avner Beirut . ; nasser , adwan and najjer . louis serious character . avner extremely serious . ayner think . a beat . louis smile , monsieur storsch . a second Christmas ! avner I would like to pay you a little extra for this , for this three name . six hundred thousand . dollar . louis ( cont 'd ) monsieur storsch , my group , we do not care much for government . any government . we do not work with or for they . that 's a absolute condition of ... my theory . you understand ? they look at each other . louis ( cont 'd ) if I learn that you sudden generosity be a attempt to buy we acquiescence in you share my information with , let we say ... CIA or mi6 é or , or mossad , even . 128 129 avner I do not work for -- louis oh you have no idea who you work for , trust I , you do not . lie to I and you will find I abruptly unreachable . and unhappy . avner let I buy you a drink . louis you save you money . at this price , you be go to need it . int . the safe house in frankfurt - night 128 ephraim , still in he coat , be stand amidst the team , which be busy , everyone work like clockwork prepare dinner . avner be in the kitchen , assist by han , simmer a gravy , make spaetzle over a boil pot , chopping dill . Steve and Robert be set the table , while Carl select and pour wine like a sommelier . , they ’re.now a family , domesticate , concentrate , everyone know what avner expect of they . ephraim watch , awkward , out of place , intrigue . int . the safe house in frankfurt - night 129 the team be digging in : slice lamb , a big bowl of boil potato , mint jelly , noodle soup , roll , wine etc .. ephraim have the place of honor and he coat 's off now , but he still look uncomfortable and out of place , pick at the food . next to Robert , sit incongruously on the table , be a little crane , exquisitely detailed , with a claw hammer dangle from it . ephraim glance at it from time to time ~~ everyone else ignore it , use to it . ephraim it 's obviously significant information . steve Abu yussef ! he 's like number three in the whole palestinian network , it 's like Arafat , habash and he ! o£ course he 's significant , he 's the brain of the fedayeen ! 80 . ephraim noverlapp Steve above : ) thanks for the instruction . and the enthusiasm . I know who he be . steve next to salalmeh , Abu yussuf 's the worst guy we be after , right ? and , and adwan plan all the action in the West Bank , right ? we get the significance ! this be serious target ! we want to go to Beirut . ephraim no . you keep out of the arab country . mossad and the army will take care of it . carl so much for no dead civilian . ephraim { to Carl , grim : ) you need to control yourself . vee ( to Robert , irritate : ) what be that , that contraption ? ROBERT oh : it 's just a ~- avner you can not send the army . we can not allow that . ephraim you can not allow it ? avner we source do not know we be mossad . ephraim you be not mossad . Robert turn a tiny crank . the crane wheel around to the Gish with he boil potato . Robert turn another crank and the crane 's claw drop inte the bowl , open as it descend . another crank and the claw clamp around a potato . Robert turn crank and pull lever until the little crane have drop the potato onto he plate . ephraim stare at this , incredulous . then he decide to pretend it do not happen . bl . avner if commando go to Beirut , we source will cut we off . ephraim why do not you and I go for a walk and talk about this ? alone . han the food will get cold . avner steve ( over han : ) ( over han : ) we have to go to Beirut . Three name ! we be good at it 's we information . it 's this ! we deserve this we job . chance ! ephraim that 's touch . in a juvenile sort of way . listen , you have do reasonably well . steve '' reasonably '' ?! ephraim you be spend a lot of money . well , we expect that . the world 's already forget munich . steve the world forget before the athlete be in they grave . ephraim people be go to find it difficult , connect this body with the crime they commit . this be ... unimaginably risky for we . you understand that , yes ? for we country . I be here with you , now , be risky . a operation like Beirut could become a big problem . avner let we do it and it will not be a problem . ee of 82 . ephraim look , lot of people in mossad do not know about you . no one know . everyone 's ask '' who 's kill the fedayeen ? be it we guy ? why be not we tell ? '' Big ego , lot of scream . maybe I can include ... one or two of you , but exclude mossad , or the army , be impossible . accept it . avner we will , but we source will not . epbraim who 's you source ? Carl and avner look at one another . Carl smile . ephraim ( cont 'd ) ( to avner : ) } it 's time you tell I . and that , by the way , be not a request , it 's a order . carl you can not order he , he do not work for you . ephraim ( to Carl : } shut up . ( to avner : ) I pay you , you work for I . avner I work for a metal box in a bank in geneva . the box pay I . ephraim you want it to find it empty ? avner I want you to let we do we work . carl you should be pleased , look how eager we have get ! steve some of we be always eager . 83. han we have reach consensus that this be a necessary thing to do , even if it stretch the definition of we mission a bit . avner we want to do what we nve promise to do , what we promise you and Israel and we source . while everyone 's talk , Robert repeat the potato lift with he crane . he drop the potato this time in ephraim 's plate . ephraim look at the potato and then slam he hand down , hard , on the table ! ephraim nlose it , scream : what be the matter with you ? with all of you ? grow up and bo it quick ! this be , what ? a game ? a fucking game ! who have the source , where be you getting you information , give I he goddamned number . han I hope the old lady upstairs enjoy that . she 's a little deaf but I doubt she have any trouble hearing you . ROBERT I think she 's leni reifenstahl . the lady upst ~ - steve she 's not leni reifenstahl . ( to ephraim : ) he 's not kid , he think she 's -- ephraim give I the source and we will let you take part . avner let we go to Beirut and use we source and find the rest of the target . let we do we job . 130 131 b4 . ROBERT if she turn out the be leni reifenstahl can we kill she ? ephraim look around the table , furious . without a word he stand , grab he hat and coat and leave . carl oh well . it be a good career . ROBERT I think we career end when we accept this job . do not you think ? you hear he : no one know we be here . no one will ever want to know . I think my life end when I take this job . ext . the parking lot for dove beach in beirut - late nighi30 four Zodiac raft be near the shore . twenty sayeret matkal commando be in the boat ; some be in wetsuit , some be dress as tourist , male and female . the boat pull up on beach . the commando disembark . seal bag be open contain shoe , pistol , grenade , knife and uzis . they move to the wait car and pile in . in the near @istance there 's a outdoor restaurant , with a bandstand . people be dance and the band be play top 40s hit , sung in Arabic . the car drive out onto the main drag of the arab riviera : pre-1980s Beirut , beautiful hotel , casinos , electric light . int . the plymouth station wagon , beirut - night 131 Robert drive , avner beside he . in the seat behind they , four commandos , silent , huge , squeeze in uncomfortably . another commando in the back be prepare uzis . one of the commando , disguise as a woman , early 30 , be stuff hand - grenade into he bra . this be ehud barak , the squad leader . one of the commandos ow , ehud , you do not make a pretty woman . barak but I feel pretty , that 's what matter . ( to avner , hold out he hand : ) ehud barak . 132 133 85 . avner reach back , shake he hand . avner um , Daniel . barak Daniel what ? avner smile and shrug . barak look at he man ; they be confuse and suspicious . ROBERT you bring a lot of gun . ext . rue verdun , beirut - night 132 the other rental car and the truck be wait , with the xest of the commando , the old man and woman from the truck , the other driver -- all mossad agent -~ and Steve . the plymouth station wagon and two other car pull up behind a apartment building . the commando pile out . the plymouth 's tailgate be open and the uzis be hand out . Steve go to avner and Robert ... steve a lot of gun , huh ? to shoot three guy . avner nod , worried . ext , the courtyard of a apartment build , beirut ~ nighb3 five palestinian man , armed with old rifle and AK - 47 , be smoking , talk , stand guard . the commando in drag enter the courtyard . one of the Palestinians walk towards they . the commando draw silence berettas and shoot ; the Palestinians be shot before they can lift they gun . the commando use knife to make sure all five be dead . behind they , commando in uniform , some with stocking pull over they face , rush silently in , avner , Robert and Steve among they . Robert hesitates to watch the commando dress as woman finish they grisly work . int . third floor hallway outside abu yussuf' apartment , 134 beirut - night a explosion , blow the door off Abu yussuf 's apartment . rarr we oo 136 137 138 86 . int . second floor hallway outside kemal nasser's apartment.35 beirut - night another explosion blow the door of kemal nasser 's apartment straight into he room . int . ground floor hallway outside kemal adwan' apartment 136 beirut - night a group of commando burst round the corner , unexpectedly encounter twenty armed palestinian man . the commando immediately open fire with ugis . the Palestinians be scramble over one another , shouting , try to take aim , blow to piece by machine gun fire . int . kamal nasser's apartment , beirut - night 137 commandos enter nasser 's apartment through the smoke . the room , apparently unoccupy , have be shattered by the blast that blow the front door into the room . the door have strike and be cover what 's leave of a table . dozen of page of paper , cover with text , throw into the air by the blast , be flutter down . some of the page be on fire . a intelligence agent among the commando be rush about , grab up the page , blow out flame and stuff all print matter he can find into a satchel . the commando use flashlight to look through the smoke all around the room , try to find nasser . a commando where the fuck be he ? one of the commando , stand by the front door , which be now smashed up against the table , signal for the other to stop look . gun at the ready , the commando flip the front door over with he foot . nasser , in he thirty , a bloody mess , be barely conscious , crush under the door . the commando look at he for a moment . the one who 's find nasser give a nod and then he start fire into nasser 's body ; the other commando follow suit . nasser 's body jerk and dance as it 's strike by bullet . then the shoot stop . the commando use he foot and slide the door over the corpse . int . kamal adwan' apartment , beirut - night 138 139 140 141 87 . adwan , cough and blind from the smoke , be rise from sleep in he bed , the television on , what 's leave of he door swinging from its hinge . commandos be enter he room . he grope for he kalashnikov , scream with rage as the commando fire , they magnesium bullet drive he down on to the bed . he fire off a round of bullet in the general direction of he attacker , wound one commando , perhaps severely -- he fire provoking a dramatic increase in return fire . adwan 's body be shred by the bullet . the mattress he 's lie on burst into flame . int . abu yussuf' apartment , beirut - night 139 Abu yussuf be try to rise , wounded by bullet and from shrapnel from the bomb that tore off he door . his wife and he teenage son , hold a metal tube from a vaccuum cleaner , be stand in a inner doorway , scream . two commando and avner have enter the room , and the commando be raise they gun , aim at the wounded man . yussuf 's wife throw herself in front of she husband just as the commando fire . avner ( to the commando : ) '- no ! stop ! but it 's too fast , too late and the gunfire kill the woman and she husband . her bloody body topple onto he . the boy raise the vacuum cleaner tube , growl , shaking , cry . all the gun in the room swing in he direction . the boy drop the tube , sink to he knee and raise he arm in surrender . ext . the courtyard of the apartment build , beirut - nighd it 's a gruesome mess , smoky air , shouting , and body scattered on the ground . commandos rush out of the building . ext . the STREET outside the apartment build , beirut - 141 night avner and Robert emerge from the courtyard of the building into gunfire . in the apartment building across the street , another firefight be in full force -- automatic weapon fire , smoke pour from a few window , body of Palestinians lie on the sidewalk in pool of blood . avner and Robert duck behind a bullet- riddled dumpster . a couple of israeli commando be there already , strafing the upper window of the building with machine gun fire to provide cover for the commando who be run out the front door . 142 143 88. a sayeret maktal commando give a signal with he right hand , and the other commando , and Robert and avner , head for they getaway rental car . other car , burn , flip on they side , block the street . a narrow escapeway through the wreckage remain . the car speed away . omitted ext . outside a coffeehouse in paris - day 143 avner be sit at a table , wait for Louis , exhaust , nervous . he 's be read several french newspaper . he check he watch . he 's be wait a long time . a big car pull up , idling . the rear window roll down . Louis be inside . avner stay at the table . Louis stay in the car . louis my papa would like to meet you . avner who ? . louis my papa . he run we little group . avner I think you run the group . louis everybody work for someone . a beat . avner I be not in Beirut . louis someone be there . the israeli army , accord to every newspaper on earth . ( beat ) but you stay away . after you pay so extravagantly for the information . Louis open the door and slide over , make room for avner . louis I do not like to keep my papa wait . 145 eo . avner I need to tell my people where I be go . louis you do not know where you be go . you will need to wear this . Louis take a black sleep mask out of he pocket . avner go to hell , Louis , I be not -- Louis slam the door shut . louis {to the man behind he : ) we be do here . the car start to pull away from the curb . avner stand up - avner come on , Louis , it 's crazy , you do not expect I to -- the car start to drive away . avner have to chase it a distance down the street . he catch up with it and slam he hand on the back of the car ; it stop and the rear door open again . avner hesitates , then get in . int . louis be car - day 144 Louis hold out the mask . avner take it . loul if you feel carsick , I bring candy ginger . avner I have a strong stomach . avner put on the mask . blackness . int . louis' car ~ day 145 avner 's mask be roughly remove . a group of young child be stand around the car door , look in at he . one of the kid be hold he mask . as avner , blink , get out of the car , the kid run off , chatter and giggle . 146 90 . ext . a farmyard , near the french alp - day 146 very old stone barn , main house , shed , a sheepfold , a stable , ringed by spectacular mountain . geese and a dog patrol the yard . the light be gorgeous , golden . avner walk towards the farmhouse and the sound of conversation . int . inside the farmhouse ~ day 147 avner come through the front door into a large common room / kitchen -- a room from the Middle Ages but with modern amenity , include in one corner a large commercial stove . the room be full of adult and many child . some of the adult look like work farmer , some like small - time business people . the driver of avner 's car and the large man be drink wine . Louis be in a corner , talk to a woman , he sister sylvie . avner start towards Louis when he sleeve be tug . he look down . a old man in a batter cap and coat , sit on a stool , point towards the kitchen area . at a counter near the stove , Louis 's papa , in he vigorous 60 , be chopping vegetable . he glance up , give avner a4 quick appraise glance , wave he over and continue with he cooking . papa Louis say you be a cook . avner I ... I know how to cook . papa you will help I . you bring this ... he hand avner a big metal bowl fill with kidney . he point to the sink . papa ( cont 'd ) there . avner bring the bowl to the sink , turn on the tap . papa hurry over , nudge avner out of the way , turn off the tap . he gesture with the large knife he 's hold . papa ( cont 'd ) no ! do not wash ! it will taste like boil sponge . 148 149 91 . avner then why put they in the sink ? papa if the juice spurt out , it 's big mess , the whole kitchen smell like piss . peel off the fat . he dexterously peel off a kidney 's thin membrane of fat . papa ( cont 'd ) let I see you hand . avner show papa he hand . papa ( cont 'd ) too big for a good cook ! that be my problem too . papa hold he right hand up , flat against avner 's . papa ( cont 'd ) I no have be a master but I have thick stupid butcher 's hand , like yours . we be tragic man . Butcher 's hand , gentle soul . he tousle avner 's hair , gently , affectionately slap he face . across the room , Louis be watch they exchange . int . inside the farmhouse - day 148 Louis , drink wine , be stare with a uncharacteristic sullenness out a window . he 's watch avner and papa walk together towards a orchard . ext . the farmhouse orchard ~ day 149 papa be pick green plum off a tree , toss they into a big basket avner be hold . avner this be go to be too sour to eat . papa skin they and prick they and boil they in sugar , bake they in honey and dough . ( more ) 92 . papa ( cont would ) a little torture , you will see how nice they be . you call I papa . avner I can not do that . papa no ? avner I have a papa already . papa stop pick and look at avner . papa and you be devote to he . avner be I here because of what happen in Beirut ? papa you papa must be proud of he son . we will pick a few , let the rest ripen . there be too many . people '' to feed . but -~ avner you have to feed you family . papa ( grin : ) yes ! we do not work with government . avner Louis say , but -~ papa but you do what you have to , because you have to feed you family . they turn to go back to the farmhouse . Louis be in the window . papa and avner stare at he ; avner wave . Louis raise he glass in salute . 150 int . the common room of the farmhouse ~ day i590 the whole group be seat around the massive table . food and wine be be serve by the woman . 93 . papa be at the head of the table , avner seat on he right . e@ Louis and sylvie sit a few seat down . papa ( to avner : ) I blow up train , bridge , truck full of Germans during the war . my brother die . my papa and my sister be both hang , she be a young girl . sylvie papa , the guest do not want to hear you war storey . papa ( ignore she : ) we pay this price so Vichy scum could be replace by gaullist scum and the Nazis could be replace by stalin and America . we stay away from government . ( to the table , crossing himself : ) we say grace . e the other start to cross themselves and pray . louis maybe we guest could lead we . papa look at avner . avner start to cross himself . papa grab he hand , stop he . papa it 's not require . ( to Louis , angry ) you lead we instead . Louis deliberately cross himself backwards . louis we Father , who give we obedient , respectful client who obey the rule accord to which we business thrive -~ over this , one of the older woman rap she knuckle on the table . 151 4 . louis older woman ( french ) and punish that who ( to papa ) . transgress against we , whose I will not have my grandchild prevarication and deception listen to he blasphemous -- papa ( french ) ( to Louis , angry ! ) it 's not all for business ! I do not do ali this for the fuck money ! sylvie ( french ) why would you do it then ? you have make million from this . papa ( to avner : ) in my despair I fathere mad who dress like factory worker but never do manual labor , who read nonsense and spout pompous bullshit about Algerians and , and who love nothing , not Algerians or french or flesh and blood or anything live . ( to Louis , pointedly : ) so I have sympathy for a man who can say " I have a papa . " who do what he must for he family . {to sylvie , in french : ) I do it for my family , for you . you ... centaur ! you minotaur ! syivie laugh at this . papa I will say grace . ext . the farmyard - afternoon 151 Louis , the large man and the driver be wait by the car . papa and avner stand apart . a small child be hang on to avner 's hand , swinging . papa hold a wax paper parcel tie neatly with green gardener 's twine . papa in the resistance there be occasionally some of you uncle , you cousin . avner my ... ? 95 . papa ruben , Benjamin and moshe . avner oh . papa when it come to kill Germans , even we do not have such a fierce appetite for it . ( beat ) there 's some opinion that you should be punish for what happen in Beirut . avner we do not know so many would die . papa I be in business with death . do you think I be squeamish ? papa pat avner 's cheek . papa ( cont 'd ) the world have be rough with you , with you tribe , you family . it 's right to respond roughly to such treatment - papa put he arm across avner 's shoulder and walk he towards the car . when Louis be within earshot : papa ( cont 'd ) you pay well and you pay promptly , so we will continue together , but no more infraction . avner none . papa you remind I of myself at you age . Louis hand avner the mask and get into the car . avner ( to papa : ) thank you . you have my word . avner get into the car , close the door . papa rap on the glass . the window roll down , and papa lean in to avner . he hand avner the parcel : 152 153 96 . papa a few andouvillettes and some boudin noir , black blood sausage , and a loire cheese , selle sur cher , they cover it in ash to preserve it . avner thank you . papa you could have be my son . Louis wince slightly . avner 's embarrassed . papa but you be not . remember that . we will do business . but you be not family . papa walk away . ' the car drive off . int . louis' car , drive through the french alp ~ aftrengon silence , avner be blindfolded . he start to lift the mask . Louis reach over and roughly push it back in place . int . louis 's car , arriving near the kitchen design shop , 153 paris - late afternoon the car pull up to a halt , curbside . avner remove the mask . Louis be think . silence . avner do not know whether to stay in the car or leave . he put he hand on the door handle . lour I have a new name for you . avner I want salameh . louis no. avner you know where he be . you know where all the name be . salameh . lour untouchable . avner I be tired of hearing that . you be waste my time . avner start to get out of the car . louis Zaid muchassi . avner do not recognize the name and do not respond . louis Zaid muchassi . he 's in athen in two week . avner not one of cur name . louis nevertheless . he 's Black September 's kgb contact . avner Hussein al - chir be the kgb contact . louis but you put a bomb under monsieur al - chir 's bed in cyprus , and now he 's defunct . muchassi be he replacement . I hear he 's much tougher than he predecessor . avner do not respond . louis ( cont 'd ) we offer muchassi 's whereabouts at the new rate . avner the new rate . louis Three name for six hundred thousand be $ 200,000 for one name . avner nod . avner I ’1ll need you to get I a place to work in athen . louis of course ... a safe house . 154 155 156 98. omitted ° 154 ext . a STREET in a crummy neighborhood , athens - day 155 avner , Steve and Robert , carry a duffel bag and a small suitcase , be stand in front of a derelict building , the crummiest on a block of really crummy warehouse ; they nre look in disbelief at the address . steve Louis 's idea of a joke ? ROBERT I have have nightmare that look like this . int . the safe house , athens - day 156 a large and utterly derelict apartment . it 's unfinish and abandon . cinderblock wall , cement floor , dank . it 's unfurnish , except for a small transistor radio , a few rickety chair , a couple of crate and two stack of old mattress -- a pile of five , and a pile of four ~~ each pile tie with hemp . Carl count the mattress , while han be put carton of take - out food on one of the crate . Robert be sit on the floor , carefully wiring together four squat , dinge - up , rust - spot cylinder , hook this up to a remote - control fuse , and then place the contraption into a small suitcase , surround each device with newspaper to prevent jostling . four more of the cylinder , more decrepit than the one Robert 's work on , sit nearby on the floor . Steve and avner watch he . ROBERT ( talk while he work ) when they explode they 'il toss little white ball of phosphorus around he room . each ball be like a little sun . it burn at around 5,000 degree . the air catch fire , everything melt . the bad news be they be grenade . I be alter they to use with a remote detonator . and also I should mention they be quite old , only four look viable . we will have to dump the rest . Robert put the unusable four grenade in a canvas duffel bag . 157 avner there 's a porter at the hotel where muchassi be stay . he all let we in the room when muchassi 's out . steve who provide this grenade ? carl Louis . steve yeah . thank he for that . int . the safe house , athens - late night i57 food container be strewn about . Carl , han and avner be fast asleep . Robert squeeze avner 's hand , gently . avner open he eye . Robert make a sign : quiet . Steve be awake , gun draw . the door be open . avner draw he ' 22 , and he and Steve move to either side of the door . Robert pick up the suitcase and the duffel bag and step behind avner . four palestinian man come into the room : one about fifty , two in they thirty , one of whom be the leader , name Ali , and one in he early twenty . one of the older man be carry grocery . Ali flip the light switch . the palestinian carry the grocery drop they as he and he comrade all draw they gun . ali ( arabic ) I have this house from the french , I have permission , I be with fatah ! plo ! plo ! it 's be arrange , do not shoot or we will kill you , do not -- we have a right to be here , we pay . avner ( over this , in pidgin arabic and german : ) put you gun away ! do it , now , we will shoot , we be ... we pay too , we pay too , Red Army faction ! Red Army faction ! ROBERT eta ! eta ! basque , basque ! 100 . avner ok . ok . ok . ok . they be all point they gun . avner glance at Carl , then then lower he gun slowly . the leader of the palestinian group follow suit . Carl , han and Robert lower they gun next , as do two more Palestinians . Steve and the youngest palestinian continue to hold they gun out , a tense face - off . ali ( arabic ) Said , put it down , now . avner ( in german , to Steve : ) jurgen ! you also ! Said lower he gun , as do Steve , after a quick bemuse glance at avner . everyone 's get a finger on a trigger , scared . avner ( cont 'd ) ( halting arabic : ) who tell you to come here ? ali ( halting german : ) the man at the bar on hadjidakis Street , the man who work for the french . a beat . avner what french ? Louis ? the palestinian leader shrug , not recognize the name . one of the older palestinian who be you ? English ? ROBERT I be eta . ( point to Carl and han ) they're Red Army faction . ( point to Steve : ) he 's anc , jurgen . afrikaan . ( point to avner : ) bruno . he 's from Hamburg . ali we be from Amman . I be ali. ( point at the other : } Said , George , abed . 158 101 . everyone nod in tense greeting . ali ( cont 'd ) we pay for two night , he say it be safe . avner he tell we the same . one of the older palestinian yes . safe house . avner yes . ali so . so be it ... so we be safe ? avner safe . everyone be safe . int , the safe house , athens - nearly dawn 158 Carl , han and Robert be sleep , Robert curl around the suitcase , he head on the duffel bag . Steve be sit on a mattress , gun still in he hand . the twenty - year- old palestinian be lean against a wall , also keep watch . two other Palestinians be asleep . the remnant of they dinner be mingle with the Israelis 's take - out . avner and Ali be talk quietly . the twenty - year old palestinian go to the radio , crouch , turn it on , fidget with the dial till he find a station play indian music , a woman sing in a high nasal voice . satisfied , he resume he post , stare at Steve . Steve stand , go to the radio , crouch , turn the dial to Greek taverna music . the palestinian return , crouch besides Steve , turn the dial back to the indian station , then , look up at Steve for a instant , continue to move the dial till he find a English - language station , stop when he hear the open note of the staple singer 's '' I know a place . '' with a terse nod of agreement , Steve get up , go to the mattress , sit , and the palestinian go back to he post . avner and Ali be talk while the radio play behind they . 102 . ali eventually the arab state will rise against Israel -- they do not like Palestinians , but they hate the Jews more . it will not be like 1967 , the rest of the world will see by then what the Israelis do to we , and they will not help when Egypt and Syria attack . even Jordan . Israel will cease to exist . avner do not respond . they look at each other . avner I guess . only ... ali what ? avner this be a dream . you can not take back a country you never have . alt you sound like a Jew . avner ( smile : ) fuck you . I be the voice inside you head , tell you what you know be true . you people have nothing to bargain with . you will never get the land back . you will all die , old man in refugee camp , wait for '' Palestine . '' ali ( a shrug , easy : ) we have a lot of child , they will have child , so we can wait forever , and , and ... if we need to , we can make the whole planet unsafe for Jews . avner you kill Jews , and the world feel bad for they , and think you be animal . ali yeah , but then the world will see how they have make we into animal . ( more ) 103 . ali ( cont would ) they will start to ask question about the condition in we cage . avner you be Arabs . there be lot of place for Arabs . ali you be a Jew sympathizer . all you Germans be soft on Israel , you give we money but you feel guilty about Hitler , and the Jews exploit you guilt . my father do not gas any Jews . avner tell I something , Ali . alt what ? avner you really miss you father 's olive tree ? the crappy 's village he come from ? you honestly think you have to get back all that ... nothing , chalky soil and stone hut ? that 's what you want for you kid ? Ali look into avner 's eye . alt it be . it absolutely be . it will take a hundred year , but we will win . how long do it take the Jews to get they own country ? how long do it take the Germans to make Germany ? avner and look how well that work cut . ali you do not know what it be not to have a home . that 's why you european red do not get it . you say it 's nothing , but you have a home to come back to . eta , anc , ira , plo -- we all pretend we care about you '' International revolution . '' but we do not care . we want to be nation . Home be everything . 159 160 i61 162 163 104 . omitted 153 omitted 160 int . the HOTEL aristide , corridor outside - day 161 han and Robert , carry a suitcase , watch a porter uniock the door to a room . Robert , then han step inside . the porter try to follow they in . han block the doorway . han {to porter : ) you go downstairs . porter no , I watch . han hand he a few more bill . the porter smilingly accept the money , but still he try to see into the room . porter ( cont 'd ) you only take money in closet and papers , yes ? han yes . Robert push past han , leave the room . ROBERT let 's go . ext . down the STREET from the HOTEL aristide — night 162 two car pull up , about a hundred yard down the street from the hotel . Steve get out of one of they . he look both way . the street be empty . he take out a pistol with a silencer and shoot out the street light nearest the car . Steve get back into the car , driver 's side , han in the passenger seat , Carl in the back with the duffel bag . they wait . ext . the second car outside the HOTEL aristide - late nighe Robert and avner be inside , avner at the wheel . they be wait . they be not speak . 164 165 166 105 . int . first car outside the HOTEL aristide - night 164 han see a black mercede come down the street . han look . the black mercede arrive at the hotel . two Russians in suit get out . steve the Russians arrive in they pumpkin coach , and ... a palestinian man , Zaid muchassi , come out of the black mercede . steve ( cont 'd ) cinderella . int . second car outside the HOTEL aristide - late night 165 avner and Robert watch , slouched down , as Ali and another palestinian from the safe house get out of the black mercede . muchassi enter the hotel with the other Palestinians . the Russians stay outside . ROBERT do we detonate if the other Arabs go into the room with he ? int . first car outside the HOTEL aristide - night 166 han , Carl and Steve be watch the Russians . steve what be they do ? carl wait for the signal . steve why be the Russians wait ? why do not they leave ? han they be wait . we be wait . stay calm . 167 168 106 . steve I be calm . tell the goddam Russians to leave . int . second car outside the HOTEL aristide - late night 167 avner and Robert watch the Russians , loung near the car , chat and smoking . the wait be agonizing . finally a porter come out the front door of the hotel . he light a cigarette . avner he 's in he room . do it . ROBERT be he alone ? how do we know he ~- avner do it ! po it ! flip the switch ! Robert flick the switch . nothing . Robert flick the switch rapidly back and forth . ROBERT shit. stupid shit piece of ~- avner what ?! what ?! oh fuck not again , not --~ int . steve , han and carl be car ~ late night 168 they be wait for the blast . steve where 's the explosion , it should have explode by now , what 's -~ carl another malfunction . do the -- maybe it 's delay , or , or -- steve he screw up again . what do we do ? han reach over to the back seat , grab the duffel bag . 169 170 i7k 107 . carl careful with that stuff ! what be you -- han get out of the car with the duffel bag . he walk briskly but calmly towards the hotel . int . avner and robert car - late night 169 Robert be press the remote . avner grab it from he and try flick the switch himself . avner it have to work , it have to , what 's the matter with it , can not you make it - ROBERT we will have to go back and retrieve the explosive , I be sorry , I , I do not -- Robert spot han head across the street towards the hotel . . ROBERT what 's he do ? avner wait here . avner get out of the car , cross the street , and ... ext . outside the HOTEL aristide - late night 170 «+. move towards the hotel . han , nodd to the kgb man , go in to the hotel . the porter see han and , surprised , go in after he . avner be near the front door , but he stop when he see Ali and the other palestinian emerge from inside . avner duck into a doorway so that Ali do not see he . the Palestinians confer with the kgb agent . avner do not know what to do next . int . the stairway of the HOTEL aristide - late night 172 han be rush up the stair , the porter in pursuit . 172 173 108 . porter hey ! hey mister ! what be you do ? what be you do in here ? han , as he go up the stair , hang the duffel bag on he leave arm , unzip it and take out a grenade , transfer the grenade to he leave hand , and with he right hand take out he gun . the porter , right behind he , freeze when he see the grenade . they be both panting with exertion . int . the hallway outside muchassi be room , HOTEL aristide 172 late night han , breathe heavily , stop outside muchassi 's door . the porter arrive behind he , keep he distance . han , grenade in he leave hand , gun in he right , shoot the lock and kick the door open . then , clumsily , he pull the grenade pin with he right hand , in which he still hold a gun . he toss . the grenade into the room , past muchassi , who be scramble to pull he gun from he coat . when muchassi see the grenade he forget about the gun and rush towards the door . han swing the duffel bag with he leave arm , clouting muchassi in the face , knock he back into the room . han throw the bag into the room , pull the door shut , then , drop he gun , he hang on with both hand to the knob as muchassi , inside , try frantically to pull the door open , yell in Arabic . there be a flash and the door tear off its hinge , blow into han , push he with a thud into the hallway wall opposite . smoke roll out of the open door . han throw the door off and stagger past the porter , who be press against a wall , terrify . han grope in the wreckage for he gun , find it , and stumble down the stair . a second , much larger explosion : the other bomb in the room detonate . han and the porter fall . han get up and run down the stair . ext . outside the HOTEL aristide - late night 173 the kgb agent and the two Palestinians look up as the glass in muchassi 's room 's window blow out , Little ball of phosporus sailing outward into the night air . Ali and the other palestinian , gun draw , start back into the hotel , just as han be run out . han fire he gun at the black mercede 's window , shatter it , force the Palestinians and the Russians to dive for cover . 174 1038 . the porter appear at the door of the hotel , shouting . porter ( greek ) bomb ! bomb ! this man threw a bomb into the room ! he kill this man ! police ! killer ! he run after han , who be run across the street towards he car . one of the Russians take aim at han . avner , from the doorway , shoot the kgb agent in the back ; he fall , scream . han and the porter duck in the middle of the street . han grab the porter by he collar and drag he towards he car . back at the black mercede , Ali turn in the direction of the shot . he see avner . Ali fire , miss , force avner to run to another doorway . then Ali fall , hit by a bullet fire by Carl , who be stand across the street . Robert , stand next to Carl , also fire . ignoring the bullet , the palestinian in he 30 head for Ali in the street . han have reach the car . he shove the porter in the back seat and dive in after he . Steve reverse the car and lurch into the street . Robert and Carl run , crouching , and scramble in to Steve 's car , Robert in the back , Carl up front , as the other kgb agent start fire . bullet strike the car . the car door be open for avner . the palestinian in he 30 be bend over Ali . he prop Ali up , try to see how badly he 's hurt . Ali search the doorway across the street till he find avner . they make eye contact for a moment just before the car screech up , block the two man from one another 's sight . the car drive off ; the doorway be empty . as the car drive away , the other two Palestinians run to Ali . int . the first car - late night 174 the car be tear through the city . Robert and han try unsuccessfully to subdue the cursing , struggle porter . Steve , drive , hold up he .22 and fire a shot through the roof of the car . the porter stop struggle , but he 's ery and cursing han . porter ( greek ) han you lie to I and you ( to Robert : } trick I , you be go to this be thanks to you , be hell , you murderer , you you incapable of make bloody monster ! something that work ? 175 porter ( greek ) he open the door of the room , shot of the lock and just throw a bomb right at that poor man ! oh my God , oh my God , that poor man , he try to escape , you would not let he he hold the door and purn that poor man to death . oh my God , ch my God ... avner ( over the porter , to han : ) you do not need Greek to know what he 's say , do you ? just shut this crazy asshole up ? do we kill that , that arab guy , and the kgb , do we steve {to Robert ) | where do you get you training ?! every fuck bomb , every one have go wrong , it 's lucky you have not blow yourself to kingdom come ! ROBERT han * ( to the porter : ) * quiet ! be quiet ! shut up ! * do anyone speak Greek ? * what 's he say ? * carl do we kill a Russian ? that 's -- oh God , do we kill @-- that 's not good , that 's - carl * {over Steve : } do you get the detonator !? we leave the car , we do not check for print and we ~- it be not my fault if ... I be not train to do this ! I be trained to dismantle bomb not to build they ! the yell stop . han stare at Robert , the porter be now moan to through the rear-view mirror . himself , softly . steve Holy shit . as do Steve ext . in a warehouse / manufacactur district on the cutskirgs5 of athens ~ nearly dawn avner and han be eitting on the hood of the getaway car , Steve be pace and cari be inspect the car 's interior , make sure no evidence be leave . Robert be sithing on a cinderblock . fhe porter , sink in deep dejection , be still sit in the back of the car . a new car be park nearby . lil . ROBERT shin beit want bomb dismantier , they pull I from the army , a toymaker , they figure I be good with small machine . after munich , they ask if I could build bomb instead . han give I some money . everyone hand he bill , till he have a large pile . he go to the porter and offer he the stack of bill . han ( cont 'd ) here . han fling the money in the porter 's lap . the porter spit in disgust and throw it back at han . the team get in the third car and drive away . the porter watch they drive away . he look at the money on the pavement , spit on it again , and walk away , leave it to blow down the street . 176~186 omit 176-186 187 int . a SMALL coffee house in paris ~ afternoon 187 avner and Louis in a dim , mostly empty coffee house . political poster on the wall protest the war in Vietnam , the algerian conflict , a ugly caricature of Nixon and degaulle . Louis be rather ostentatiously count american money from a envelope avner 's hand he ; this make avner nervous . small black - and -white television be play on the bar , volume low . louis salameh be in London . he go there periodically to meet with he CIA contact -- avner his what ?! louis salameh work for the CIA . avner bulishit . 188 112 . louis salameh guarantee that Black September will not touch american diplomat , in exchange the CIA give he lot of money . they do not ask what he use it for . avner do he tell they about munich ? in advance ? do the CIA know about munich ? louis the CIA do not even know Black September exist before munich ! since then he 's be busy , have not he ? Louis nod towards the tv . louis all manner of costly exercise . cuT to tv screen : footage of the athen airport shoot : the shattered airport lounge , body on the ground , people wander , daze and bleed ; seriously injure people in hospital bed . lout shoot tourist in the athen airport . blow up pharmacy in Amsterdam . and that mossad agent in Barcelona before that . Europe have not be this interesting since napoleon march to Moscow ! Louis start to count the money again . avner do you have to do that ? louis salameh be in London . for the usual price . omitted 188 int . hans' room in a safe house , london - night 189 han be bent over a desk , work fastidiously with razor , glue , a small iron , color ink and stamp he retrieve from a open salesman 's sample case , alter passport and visa . Robert sit near he , watch he work with interest . Carl and Steve be sit . avner be clean , check and load gun , a gun clean kit at hand , silent and remove from the other , brood . everyone 's fray , exhaust . carl we follow he today from he doctor to he hotel . avner he 's here for eye treatment . steve salameh . you see he ? you follow he !? avner yes. steve salameh ? carl wearing sunglass in the rain . steve why do not you shoot he ?! avner he have bodyguard . civilian . steve be they armed ? then they be not civilian . I would have do it ! if you would ever give I have a chance to to actually shoot someone , I be the only one who actually want to shoot this guy ! ROBERT you can take my place the next time out . carl maybe that 's why we never let you do it . you enthusiasm . avner ( overlap above : ) only we target get hurt . ROBERT since when ? steve yeah , why start worry now ? carl doe you have any idea how many law we have break ? han well , I forge the document that get you in and over and across and around that law so I have some idea , yes . carl do you know how many treaty we have violate ? han and still I manage to get a night 's sleep , every night . it 's time to stop you hand - wring , it 's counter - productive . steve why do not you make a list of every single law , Carl , or , or ... carl ( overlap above : ) include , incidentally , the law of the State of Israel , which have no death penalty . steve e’11 tell you what you problem be , habibi : this guy we be kill be dress in expensive suit , this be London and not some ugly arab village , and that disorient you . carl I be not disorient , I be keep my sanity by occasionally remind myself that in spite of the work I do ... ROBERT I '' go to vote that we adjourn we little minyan for the evening . steve ( overlap above : ) but it 's the same old war we be fight , over the same old scrap of desert . carl ( overlap above : ) -- remember I be still at least in principle a human be -~ han remember that you be human be one thing , broadcasting it so relentlessly be something else . han {to avner : ) be you go to call a hait to this ? I have recommend it . carl ( overlap above : ) a thing which I have notice some people surrender all too willingly . ROBERT let 's find a pub . who besides I need a drink ? steve we have bring we war to kensington and , and Copenhagen and it 's not like this european anti-semite do not deserve that ! until we learn to act like they we will never defeat they . carl we act like they , all the time . you think they invent bloodsh ? how do you think we get control of the land ? by be nice ? steve I think we have a double - agent in we midst . pull down he pants , see if he 's circumcise . 116 . Carl suddenly go for Steve . they knock into han 's table , upsetting and ruin he work , spilling ink . han yell and scramble on all four to rescue he document while avner and Robert get in between Steve and Carl , who keep struggle to get at one another . avner ROBERT stop it ! goddamn it , stop please , please , calm down , it ! both of you ! calm down . everyone 's just ... just tired and -- han {over the above , to himself : ) nonsense , nonsense , infantile undiscipline distraction and nonsense . carl ( to Steve , over above ) my son die in ' 67 , you foulmouthed sonofabitch ! everything you can ask I have do for Israel . han . ( to Carl : ) get a grip on yourself ! ask for a reassignment if this be so distasteful ! carl ( to han : ) be not it distasteful for you ?! steve no . and know what ? the only blood that matter to I be jewish blood . what ' 's you problem ? ( to avner : ) Nice job lead , by the way . Steve leave the room , slamm the door as he leave . avner we will kill the bodyguard if they be armed . carl they be armed . avner then we will kill they . 130 ext . a STREET in london - night - rain 190 close up of salameh and he bodyguard , walk in the rain . salamenh and he bodyguard be talk : bodyguard one ( in arabic : ) you could tell , she be hot for you , boss . bodyguard two ( in arabic : ) it 's this thing about british giris . they be all over we . salameh ( in arabic : } sami , you think every girl I meet be hot for I . bodyguard three ( in arabic : ) maybe sami 's hot for you . bodyguard one ( in arabic : } you know how you can tell ? with girl ? they swallow , and they widen they nostril ... when they be turn on . really . watch for it . bodyguard three ( in arabic : } maybe you should call that guy , the one who invite we , maybe he have she number , you know , you could call she and say ... you know -~ bodyguard two ( in arabic : ) say " hi , be it true all british girl want to fuck arab man ? '' salameh ( in arabic : ) stop try to marry I off , I be not ready . bodyguard one ( in arabic : ) who 's talk about marrying ? bodyguard two ( in arabic : ) it 's true , they all think it 's cool to fuck a arab . british girl . bodyguard three ( in arabic : ) then how come none of they want to fuck you ? 118 . bodyguard one ( in arabic : ) damn ! damn ! she be hot ! and I be lonely ! bodyguard two ( in arabic : ) and they be all super - experience , English woman , they start young , they know how to do stuff , stuff the girl back home would kill you if you ask they . avner start to follow they across the street , han trail behind . Steve cross the street and follow they - keeping eye contact across the street , Steve and avner follow the group of man as they turn a corner . avner look back and nod to han , then start to walk , very quickly , to move ahead of the man , while han cross the street to Steve . avner have move ahead of the group of man . he cross the street , walk ahead of the Arabs , Steve and han behind they . suddenly a big american man in a raincoat , appear next to avner and punch he , hard , in the shoulder . avner stagger to one side , almost fall . the american have both fist up , grin idioticaily , drunk . drunk american man come on get up Roger burke you ugly sumbitch ! what the fuck be you —- avner try to ignore this man and keep walk , but the american start sparring with he , jabbing . drunk american man ( cont 'd ) put they up you fat wet pussy , let 's show this limey fuck what a - ~ avner try to shove the american away as the three arab man push past they and walk on ahead , Steve and han behind they . two more Americans appear , one of whom be drunk , the other apparently not , block the sidewalk , separate han and Steve from the Arabs . the first drunk american keep try to spar with avner . drunk american man ( cont 'd ) second drunk american hey , look who it be , it 's waitaminnit waitaminnit fuckin Roger burke ! get up , that 's ... who the fuck be Roger , you fuckin jerk ! this , orrin , who no you think this be . hoe ok ob oe 119 . han have manage to slip past the drunk and race ahead after the Arabs . avner third american * ntry to get past Lay off it you asshole , * they ) that 's not Roger burke . * get out of my -- the third american stop avner from leave . third american sorry about my friend , he 's a fuck up belligerent guy with a serious drink problem . the first drunk american spin avner around and this time land a hard punch to avner 's jaw . avner fall . drunk american man second drunk american aw , shit Roger I do not -~ awww , you moron , they be * why not you duck ? gonna call the cop or * whatever the fuck they call * they here . * Steve grab the first american and shove he aside , against the nearest wall . the second drunk american throw himself on Steve , who try to shake he off . second drunk american man steve * ( call to the third ( try to shake the guy * american : ) off : ) * get ‘im , get im you fag , he get . the . fuck . off . I . * hit orrin , hit he , what ‘’re * * you wait for ? the second american be laugh idiotically as Steve throw he off . Steve be ready to slug the third american when han return . han forget it ! forget it ! they , they have a car . they be go . steve shit ! {to the Americans : ) } step back away from we you -- avner just , just , come on , come on , let 's 191 120 . second drunk american look , man , we be sorry , my friend think you be -- avner it 's ok , forget it we ... avner , han and Steve walk away . Steve turn back and shout at the Americans : steve goddamn asshole drunk Americans ! han we should have use Louis 's man to help we , we ... we be slip . I can not , I can not believe we let he , we let he get -- avner steve be it he , do you see if it it be salameh ! of course it be salameh ? be he ! God damn ! avner turn around again , suddenly . about 50 foot behind they , the drunk Americans be get inte a car . they no longer seem drunk . the first american smile at avner , wink and flip he the bird , then caimly get in and the car speed away , past avner Steve and han . int . the bar of the HOTEL europa , london - night 191 avner be sit in at the bar , nursing a scotch neat , eying a attractive woman at the other end of the bar , drink alone . she look up , he look away , and soon there 's a game go on . he move to a stool next to she . avner can I ... ? the woman ( a London accent : ) I have to go to bed soon . I work in the morning . avner what kind of work ? the woman the kind that drive you to drink . avner we must have the same job then . igi . e@ the woman tt leve you accent . avner ef like you perfume . the woman cut right through the smoke , do lt ? she take he hand , turn he wrist upside down , and lightly rub the underside of she wrist , where woman put perfume , on he . avner sniff he wrist , leok at she . avner it 's very nice . the woman look , I do not want to be forward , but ... it 's late and I do have to get up early , so ... avner sos. es the woman so you be very nice and be you really go to make I ask ? avner seriously consider it . avner a taos just ... can not . the woman pity . avner you be very attractive . the woman I know . ( sadly ) if you come to you sense , once you get up to you lonely room , well , maybe I will be here . or maybe I will be home in bed , alone . avner sorry . he get up and , drop money for the drink on the bar , eo leave the room . int . the lobby of the HOTEL europa - night ig2 avner be go to the lift when he run into carl , just come in from a drizzly night . Carl shake he head '' no '' when he see avner . avner the drunk Americans . you think they be CIA ? carl they could have be . for all we know , Louis 's CIA . they work both side . everyone do . or Louis be mossad . maybe he be not but they be use he to feed we information , with no direct link . or mossad be give it to the CIA which be give it to Louis . and ephraim 's demand we give he Louis because he know we expect he to do that . avner stop chase mouse around the inside of you skull . Carl consider avner for a moment , then smile . carl I never think you have last . avner I think the same about you . from the start you have seem ... reluctant . carl I be bear reluctant . ask my mother . you aver feel reluctant , avner ? avner i‘ m ... not comfortable with confusion . carl I know guy like you in the army . you ali do any terrifying thing you be ask to do , but you have to do it run . avner smile . 192a 193 123. carl you think you can outrun doubt , fear . the only thing that really scare you guy be stillness . avner and fatigue . carl I envy you stamina . but ... everyone 's overtaken , eventually . the mouse need a brandy . will I meet you in the bar ? avner no , I be on my way up to ... you will be alright drink solo ? carl dust a shot to numb the brain . avner beware the local honey trap . carl indeed ? avner you can not miss she . you do not really want to . avner start towards the lift , then turn to say something to Carl . but Carl 's already go in the bar . omit 192a int . avner' room in the HOTEL europa , london - night 193 avner be on the phone . avner I would like to make a collect call to Brooklyn New York , in the us. 212 - 625-6570 . it 's avner . the phone ring several time . daphna answer . daphna ( v.0. , very softly : ) } hello ... 124. operator this be a trunk call from Mr. storsch , do you accept the charge ? in the background , in Brooklyn , avner hear the sound of a baby cry . he wince . daphna ( v.0 . ) oh shit , avner , you wake up the -- avner sorry , sorry . operator do you accept the - daphna ( v.0 . ) yes , yes . it take I hour to get she -- avner sorry , sorry ... there 's muffle talk in the background , Charlie bark , daphna bring geula from she crib to the phone . avner listen intently . avner hello ? daphna ( v.0 . ) ( still soft , try to get geula to sleep : ) I miss you too . you be in England ? or Australia ? or ... ? avner yeah . I '' think , after I do this one thing I have to do , I can come to see you . daphna ( v.0 . ) Brooklyn be depress , it 's get more church than Jerusalem . avner hear the sound of geula , gurgle , noise -making . daphna ( cont 'd ) ( v.0 . ) listen to she talk . silence . 194 195 125 . avner ( softly : ) I do not ... geula be you ...? hey. hey geula . be you there ? this be you daddy . I be you papa . I be ... ( he start to cry . he pinch he arm brutally to stop the tear : ) remember my voice , baby . daddy love you . daddy miss you . this be what I sound like . ok . remember my voice . daphna ( v.0 . ) she fall asleep . she will dream about you . int . avner' room in the HOTEL europa ~ night 194 avner be on the bed , not asleep . int . the underground parking garage at 31 connollystrasse 95 munich - night ( nep stadium ) from a distance , police and soldier and government official watch as the athlete , blindfolded and bound to one another , face out in a rag circle , shuffle -step towards a dark green bus ; they encircle the armed fedayeen , who be use they as human shield . the group awkwardly board the bus , the fedayeen mixing in with the hostage and hasten they on board , tony you be do beautifully , really beautifully , just keep move and do not stop . salah you nre fine , this be all good , everyone be do what they should do . badran be they ~- that people , be they photograph we ? be that allow ? a athlete be we go to -- be it the airport ? can we talk to someone , just -~ 196 i197 126 . tony shut up , ok ? we will just get on the bus , ok ? a athlete just to tell we family , just to say we be alright . abu halah it will be over soon . we get on the bus and we fly away and you go back to the Games or home . you go home . a athlete to Israel ? we will go back to Israel , right ? I believe you , I believe what you be say . abu halah it 's the truth . I be tell you the truth . issa look down towards the reporter and camera . 1 of issa ( to tony : ) take off they blindfold . tony nod , then nod to the other fedayeen , who quickly remove the athlete 's blindfold . int . on board the bus , munich - night ( nep stadium ) _ 196 the athlete be sit , bound but not blindfolded , look out the widow of the bus . the fedayeen crouch in the aisle of the bus , gun at the ready . ext . a field outside munich olympic village - night ( tokoi97 airfield ) the israeli athlete , still bound , they blindfold now off , be be herde with panicked speed by the mask fedayeen from the dark green bus onto two helicopter . the helicopter 's blade be already rotate rapidly . the bus and copter , captive and captor be ringed by dozen of police car , siren blaze , and german soldier and policeman , all armed , all stand silently watch . 197a 198 199 200 201 202 int . inside the helicopter ~ night ( tokol airfield } 197a yaakov springer stumble , and he fall against abu-halah , who clumsily grab to keep the athlete from fall . they both fall in a embrace . Abu -halah disentangle himself while he comrade shout at he . Abu -halah , as he start to stand , be laugh nervously ; he laughter turn to terrify sobbing . the captive and the captor watch he lose it . tony and Paulo step in , shove he aside , reach down and with angry , frighten viclence haul springer to he foot . omitted 198 int . avner 's room in the HOTEL europa - night i99 avner sit up in bed with great violence . he 's have a panic attack , breathe hard , sweat . int . the bar in the HOTEL europa - night 200 half a hour later . avner come into the bar , look for cari . Carl 's not there , and neither be the woman . int . the lift in the HOTEL europa - night 201 avner smell something in the air . he raise he wrist to he nose and sniff it . match scent . avner wow. Carl ... int . a upper floor hallway in the HOTEL europa -— night 202 avner 's on the way to he room . he have he key out . he pass Carl 's room . he pause in front of it . he sniff the perfume again . he carefully put he ear to the door . he listen . he grin , half amused , half jealous . avner ( softly ) I see she first , you asshole . avner turn to leave and then notice that the door be almost imperceptibly ajar . avner listen , hesitates . he knock softly and wait . he knock again . 203 204 i128. avner Carl ? he push the door open , slowly . Carl be lie face down , naked , on the bed . avner look both way down the hallway , draw he gun , and step into the room , shutting the door . int . carl be room , the HOTEL europa - late night 203 avner , gun ready , survey the room , check out the bathroom , go to the bed . Carl 's head be rest face down on the pillow , which be turn black with blood . at the base of Carl 's skull , under the hair , be a small black hole . he turn Carl 's head , enough to see that the exit wound in he forehead be large . he gently put Carl 's face back into the pillow . he crouch by the bed , double over , he face spasming into a scream . a-hiss of air escape he throat . he 's shaking . int . a SMALL restaurant , paris - night 204 avner , Robert , Louis and papa be seat , food in front of they . only papa be eat . Robert be drink . papa you should have have the boeuf a la catalane , it 's what they do best here , they be from the coast . ( to Louis : ) you have the parcel ? Louis put a wax paper parcel tie with green twine on the table . papa push it towards avner . papa pork sausage with garlic and pistachio . louis maybe he do not eat pork . papa shut Louis up with a backhand wave . papa they be delicious . and a cheese from the mountain , it 's make by woman for St. agatha 's day , tetoun it 's call , we lecal word for '' tit '' ~~ milky and peppery and very good . ( to Louis : ) } show we friend the photograph . Louis hand avner a envelope . avner open the envelope , remove four photo and examine they . he immediately take one and hand it to Louis . avner that 's she . Louis look at it , nod . they look louis she 's dutch , not political , she 's entirely business - minded . she life in hoorne , she 's there now . this be dependable information . or as papa for which you pay nothing . we be give you this . you understand why ? avner because you want I to believe you have nothing to do with my partner 's murder . at each other . papa watch they . papa we inhabit a world of intersect secrecies . we live and we die at the place where that secrecies meet . that 's what we accept . yes ? we buy information for you from you enemy . this alert they . you be not the only people look for name . avner you be tell I that I be be hunt now . 205 130 . louis he 's tell you it 's time for you to quit . papa '' the race be not to the swift , nor the battle to the strong . but time and chance happen to they all . avner iodo n‘t.. , that 's ... the Bible ? ROBERT ecclesiast . " for a man know not he time . " papa " , .. as the fish that be take in a evil net , as the bird that be catch in a snare - '' ROBERT '' -- so be the son of man snare in a evil time ... '' Louis show avner another photograph . it 's a grainy surveillance shot of avner . papa evil fall suddenly . who can say when it falis ? ext . the train station in paris ~ day . 205 the team be on a platform mark amsterdam . Steve and han climb on board . avner start to get on . Robert , who have be hang back , wait for this , grab avner 's arm and stop he . avner look at Robert , confuse . then he step back down onto the platform . Robert leok at avner , but neither speak for a moment . Robert reach out and smooth the lapel on avner 's coat . ROBERT {softly : } you be go to kill she . avner nod . ROBERT we have kill nine man . and how many other die in Beirut ? all this blood come back to we . 206 132 . silence . avner look down the platform , up into the train . avner eventually it will work . even if it take year . we will beat they . Robert look at avner , terribly sad . ROBERT we be Jews , avner . Jews do not do wrong because we enemy do wrong . avner we can not afford to be that ... decent anymore . ROBERT I do not know that we ever be that decent . suffer thousand of year of hatred do not make you decent . but we be suppose to be righteous . that 's what I be teach , that 's jewish , that beautiful thing . that 's what I know . absolutely . and I think I have lose that . '' avner . I have lose that too . avner oh that 's , that 's -- ROBERT that 's everything . I nve lose everything . my , my soul . a brief silence . avner look at Robert , who be look down at the pavement . avner go home and rest , ok ? you do not have to de this one . Robert start to say something , then nod . ext . a houseboat on a canal in hoorne , the netherland - 206 early morning a very quiet , misty morning . avner , han and Steve cycle noiselessly down a road run parallel to a canal . they go past a houseboat , check it out as they pass . 207 208 209 they stop they bike , lay they in the grass across the road . they take bicycle pump clipped to heir bike frame and quietly the road . int . in the houseboat - early morning 207 jeanette be have coffee and a cigarette , wear a old housecoat . Steve enter . jeanette put down she cigarette , carefully . jeanette well , and who be you ? avner enter . avner you know why we nre here ? jeanette I want to get dress . she start to reach in a drawer nearby . jeanette maybe you want to hire I ? you know how good I be . they raise they zipgun . she lower she robe , expose she breast . jeanette please do not , please do not , it 's such a fuck waste of talent . they fire . han enter and fire another bullet in she head . ext . outside the houseboat ~- early morning 208 in the window of the houseboat , two flash , two shot , then one more flash and shot . int . in the houseboat - morning 209 jeanette 's body be sprawle in a chair , she housecoat open . her eye be open . blood be leak from she eye , ear and mouth . bullet hole in she chest , stomach , and forehead . a haze of smoke hover near the ceiling of the room . 210 210 a 210b 210¢ 133. avner , han and Steve be perfectiy still . a fat housecat come out of hide . it mews . avner move to close up the housedress . han leave it . ext . outside the houseboat -- early morning 210 Steve , han and avner emerge from the houseboat and , look around , quickly go to they bike , mount and cycle away . omitted 210 a ext . a fish stall at a OPEN - AIR food market , frankfurt 210b early evening it 's raining , lightly but steadily , and cold . avner , hollow , fatigue , inadequately dress and soaking wet from the rain , be mechanically shopping for dinner . he 's carry a two bag full of food , bread , meat , vegetable , wait for the fishmonger who be stand behind trays of fish on ice , wrapping a huge carp in paper . he 's try to look normal , but he eye dart this way and that , check out everyone who come near he , give away what 's become a habitual , unconscious panicked paranoid . as avner wait , we hear han 's voice : han ( v.0 . ) in seven month we have kill six of the eleven name . we have kill one replacement . one of we target be in prison , and four , include Ali Hassan salameh , be at large . one of we own have fall . one have be retire . ext . near the duckpond in the ostpark , frankfurt -— early 210c evening avner 1s walk through the rain , get heavier , burden with sodden grocery , take a shortcut through the park on he way home . he walk fast , glance about , turn once to look behind , afraid of be follow or attack . again , han 's voice : 210d 210e 134 . han ( v.0 . ) since we begin : the other side have send letter bomb the eleven embassy , hijacked three plane , kill 130 passenger in athen and wounded score more , and kill we military attache in Washington . a man turn on to the path behind avner and accidentally bump into he . avner startles , spin on the man , who jump back , look at avner like he 's nut , and hurry away . avner 's barely - suppress panic break loose . breathe hard , he stop , sag , soaking wet , shiver , try to collect himself . int . the kitchen of the safe house , frankfurt - early evendwg avner be scale , gut , fillete the carp , work with a strange blind intensity , almost violent , but also with precision , care , skill . the kitchen 's cramme with food , and a mess : a pot of soup , a roast chicken , curry potato , pickle , salad , braise vegetable , a pair of berry tart , and heaps of chop - up spice , herb , garni , peeling , flour , eggshell . it look like he 's cooking for twenty . han ( v.0 . ) some of this be do by a venezuelan call carlos the jackal , who replace Zaid muchassi . who replace Hussein al - chir . Black September 's original leadership have be decimate . but new leader be emerge for whom Black September be not violent enough . int . the safe house in frankfurt - evening 210e it 's pour rain outside , thunder , lightning . avner , Steve and han be seat at the table . there be two empty place -~- avner 's set the table for five -~ and a ridiculous amount of food . avner and Steve eat . avner 's downcast and focus on the food . han have a jumble pile of receipt before he , but he 's not work on they , nor be he eat . he 's drink , a near-empty bottle of vodka in front of he . Steve watch they both , feel alone . 135 . e man and to dispatch we six dispatch target , we must have spend something close toe two million dollar . right ? steve {te avner , look at the heaps of food : ) you , uh , you have be cooking . avner nod , not look up , eat . steve ( point to the empty place : ) be you expect company ? avner stand , clear the two empty place , han two million dollar . at least . Mrs. meir say to the knesset that the world must see that kill Jews will be from now on a expensive proposition . but kill e Palestinians be not exactly cheap . avner return to he place , sit , start to eat again and stop . no one be eat . han pour another drink . han ( to avner : ) if all eleven be dead , you would stop ? avner yes . han you be lie . what about they replacement ? what if each time we kill we create six more ? avner then maybe I would have to keep kill they . han forever ? han finish off he glass and pour another , avner start @ the eat again . 210 F 136 . avner five target be still alive . five more man to kill . eventually , I suppose , you forget you be once someone who really hate do it . or who care ? what I feel , personally , get less , every day . someday , I will get up in the morning , kill ... go to bed at night . and I will not feel anything at all . han huh . han finish off the glass and pour another drink . Steve reach out to stop he , han pulis away . steve there 's enough here to feed Bangladesh . stop drink and eat something . han . I keep see the dutch woman , you know , sprawle out like that . it 's not that I wish we have not kill she , but ... {to avner : ) I wish I would let you close up she housecoat . steve well , you be not yourself . avner eat . han drink . int . the hallway outside the safe house , frankfurt - befghef dawn Steve be knock softly but insistently on avner 's door . avner open the door . steve ( cont 'd ) I go to han 's flat , over the , um , antique shop , just to check up , he be so ... anyway , he 's go somewhere . I wait . all night . he have not come back . 210g 137 . ext . the pond in the ostpark , frankfurt ~ before dawn 2106 bitter cold , and glitter : some of the moisture from the night before have crystallize into hoarfrost . han be sit on a bench , face the pond . he 's icy , dead . his hand be limp at he side , eye open . his face under the freeze rain and condensation be completely grey . avner , shiver in the cold , sit next to han 's body , leok around . he unbutton han 's shirt , move the freeze fabric aside . it crackle . there 's a dark narrow oblong wound in he chest above he heart , freeze blood crust around it . avner knife . Steve be stand nearby , gun draw . the park 's desert . steve he walk here every night , he ... avner search han 's pocket , retrieve a wallet , a austrian passport , a gun . avner ( cont 'd ) they do not take anything . steve who walk in a park at night ? maybe he be a homo . I do not know anything about he . Steve sit on the other side of han . avner ( cont 'd ) Louis will send someone . steve he 's sell we , he ~- avner he walk here every night . anyone could -- teve 's fight hard not the lose control . avner close han 's coat . then he eye . steve this be ... awful . I be ... I be go to check on , um , tell Robert . he should know , we have to be careful , we ... { more } 210h 2101 2107 210 k 210l steve ( cont would ) it 's awful . avner ? avner startles out of some reverie . avner what ? I ... I be ... I be not listen . omitted 210h int . the safe house in frankfurt - night 2102 avner be alone in the safe house . he turn out the light . he walk to he bedroom . he ' 's about to open the door to the bedroom , when he freeze , think he 's hear a noise inside . he put he ear to the door , listen . he go back to the front room and get he gun from he holster . int . avner 's bedroom , frankfurt safe house - night 2107 he throw open the door to he bedroom , gun at the ready . the room be empty . he go to the door of the closet . gun ready , he open the closet door . ext . a SMALL stone cottage , battice , belgium - night 210 k the cottage stand alone in a field . it 's very dark outside , no other house around . a few longhair sheep be root around for edible grasses . there 's 's light in the cottage window . int . inside the cottage - night 210l the cottage be a weird combination of explosive workshop and toy repair shop , bomb part and disassembled toy intermingled ; on one table be a huge , elaborate war game , beautifully articulate toy soldier with work part face each other across a splendid , paint battlefield . Robert be alone , coat hang from a peg on the wall . he look exhaust and sad . he 's wear plastic protective goggle . he 's pack up the place , put explosive , machinery in crate for detonation outdoors in the morning . he look at he hand ; they be tremble . he try to warm they , rub they together . they be still tremble . he remove he protective goggle and rub he eye . 139 . he take tool from a wall cabinet , then stop : he find a pouch of very old velvet . he remove it , open it , and take out a tallis and tefillin . he stare at this for a moment . he sit . ' then slowly , tightly he bind the tefillin around he leave arm and he forehead . he cover he head with the tallis and begin to daven , recite the Hebrew prayer for traveller . ROBERT ( in hebrew ) May it be thy will , oh Lord we God and God of we father , to conduct we in peace ... 210m int . avner' bedroom , frankfurt safe house - night 210m avner be hold the closet door open . no one be inside . he sit on the bed , hyperflexing he leave hand , hold he gun in he right , not able to calm down , no idea what to do with himself . he stand , slide a chair under the doorknob . he pace the floor of the bedroom . he hang he gun , in its holster , near the bed . he carefully lift the mattress to see if there 's a bomb under it . of course there be not . he take a pocket knife out of he pocket , open it , lift the mattress again and slit it open , then search the innard , look for a bomb . again , nothing . Robert 's prayer be hear over the scene : ROBERT ( vo in hebrew ) ++. to direct we step in peace , to uphold we in peace , and to lead we in life , joy and peace unto the haven of we desire . oh deliver we from every enemy , ambush and injury by the way , and from all affliction that visit and trouble the world . send a bless upon the work of cur hand . let we obtain grace , lovingkindness , and mercy in thine eye and in the eye of all who behold we . 210n int . inside robert cottage , battice ~ night 210n Robert finish the prayer . 2100 210 p 2109 140 . ROBERT ( in hebrew ) hear the voice of we supplication . for thou art a God who hear prayer and supplication . bless art thou , oh Lord , who hear all prayer . Robert fold up the tallis , take off the tefillin , put they away . int . avner n's bedroom , frankfurt safe house - night 2100 avner be undress . he sit on the bed . he reach for the phone . then he stop himself . he fish for a swiss army knife and open the screwdriver . with extreme care he lift the phone , turn it over , and delicately unscrew the bottom plate . it 's a normal phone . without put the plate back on , he dial .. avner I want to place a collect call to Brooklyn New York , the number be 21262 ... : oy let gus he stop , then hang up the phone . he pull the gut out of the phone , look for something , a bug or a bomb . he get he gun from the holster and climb into bed . he switch off the light . he lie still , stare into darkness . he listen to he own breathe : shallow , panicked . he get out of bed , check the door , the chair propped under the knob . he listen through the door , he panic be building . he look at the bed but do not go towards it . he look at the closet , the door ajar . a moment 's hesitation , then he step inside the closet and close the door almost completely , leave a crack for air and sound . int . in the closet ~ late night 210p avner curl up on the floor of the closet , lean against a irone board , cradling the gun . he try to calm down . int . inside the cottage - night 2100 Robert have resume pack . he pick up a toy ferris wheel and wind it , set it down and watch it spin around and around . he turn back to the wire and bottle and brick of plastic explosive . he pick up a timer . 210r 210s 210t 2100 210v 141 . the ferris wheel slow down , then stop . ext . the SMALL stone cottage ~- night 210r a enormous explosion blow the cottage apart . int . in the closet - morning 2108 avner 's asleep . the phone in the bedroom be ringing . he wake up with a jolt , not know where he be . he try to stand and ram he head on the clothes pole above he . hangers rain down and the irone board fall over . int . the safe house , frankfurt - morning 210t avner stumble out of the closet , freeing himself from the debris . he lunge for the phone . he pick it up . avner what ? omitted ' 2100 ext . the picture glass window of a kitchen design and subrdy store on a fancy STREET in paris ~ night avner be stand in front of the display , which have be change -- a new but still beautiful modern kitchen . behind he , reflect in the glass , he see Robert , walk towards he , smile gently . they make eye contact through the reflection . Robert seem to be stand right behind avner . he 's ask avner something , either move he lip or it 's just a question in he eye . avner it will be beautiful . eventually . avner place he hand over Robert 's face . then he turn . Louis be stand there . avner stare at Louis , hard . Louis take a handkerchief out of he pocket , then reach past avner to wipe away the handprint that avner 's leave on the plate glass window . louis Ali Hassan salameh be in tarifa , on the Spanish coast . he 's in a compound guard by all the predictable trouble . 142. avner do not respond , stare a Louis as if not see he . louis bomb maker often die accidental death . ( shrug ) in athen , you shot a kgb agent . many people must want to kill you , monsieur storsch . but why would I do that ? you pay better than anyone . a beat . louis ( cont 'd ) it 's dangerous , go after salameh . but he plan the munich massacre . eliminate he and they will let you go home . do not you think ? they look at one another . avner yes , Louis . I do . they smile at one another , not friendly , but , avner have acknowledge he affiliation , both know that this be the end of they business together . louis you could have a kitchen like this someday . it cost dearly . Home always do . 211~223 omitted 211-223 224 omitted 224 225-233 omitted 225-233 234 ext . the terrace of a great mansion on the coast near tartem , spain - earlier that night avner and Steve , in black clothing , face grime for camouflage , be crawl through the trim grass of a lawn , in the deep shadow of a garden wall , towards a great house , several of the window of which be light . slung across they back , Steve and avner carry high - power rifle . 234a 235 234a 235 234a 143. ext . the lawn of the mansion -- night 234k the house in nearer . egyptian music can be hear . still lie flat in the grass , Steve 's look through night vision binocular at large glass door through which a vast library can be see . steve shit . it 's like a fuck fun house . he hand the binocular to avner , lie beside he . avner look . avner stop , look through the binocular at the large glass door of the room next to the library . in the binoculars : 235 the panel of glass in the exterior door of the room be clear , smoke and amber , thick , wavy , bevell . the room within be panell with mixror set at odd angle , and mirrore door that swing open and close , catch and lose reflection . a row of big crystal chandelier down the length of the room add myriad prismatic light to the confusion . a number of arab man , perhaps as many as twenty , be move large wooden box around . they be render cubist fragment by the distortion of the glass , the light and the mirror . cut back tq34a avner and Steve in the dark outside . steve can you tell how many ? in the binoculars : 235 avner 's move the binecular methodically back and forth , scan the face in the library . suddenly he see someone , only for a instant , whe might be salameh . then he 's go . CUT back tos4a Steve and avner . avner that 's he . he 's in there . 235 236 144 . in the binoculars : 235 avner focus the binocular on the library again . he immediately zoom in on the back of the head of a man , stand near a series of mirrore door . the man turn . it 's definitely salameh . he 's talk to someone , smoking a cigarette . avner 's focus the glass , bring salameh nearer . the sound of the night intensify , the music , Arabic conversation from the house , cricket , the distant surf and avner 's own breathe . salameh suddenly stop talk , take a deep drag on he cigarette -- and then he seem to look straight out the french door of the library , out through they pane of distorting color glass , out into the dark , as if seek out and then lock directly with avner 's gaze . one of the mirrore door behind salameh open , then another , then another , and all at once the face in the binocular be repeat , over and over , full face , profile , rear view , stare hard at something -- it seem to be avner -- with a strange expression : familiarity , hatred , taunting . CUT back to236 steve too many Men . we be gonna get kill . they hear a sound of someone walk on gravel come from the garden behind they . they go completely flat and roll deeper into the shadow . avner leave the binocular on the grass . they unsling they rifle and release the safeties . a man be stand with he back to they , take 4 leak . he have a kalashnikov sling across he back . avner see the binocular in the verge of the terrace . he tap Steve , and point . Steve mouth a silent " shit " then start to inch towards the binocular . the pee man be finish , he 's zipping up he fly . Steve 's elbow snap something dry in the grass . the man wheel around . it 's a teenage boy , fourteen or fifteen year old . the boy see avner and Steve . he start to fumble for he kalashnikov . Steve be already on he foot , take aim , avner close behind he . 250 145 . Steve fire , then avner , one bullet knock the kid off he foot , the other hit he in the eye , make he head explode . his body topple back into the bush . avner and Steve hear shout come from inside the house . someone in the dining room fling the door open and call out something in Arabic . they crouch , edging back into the shadow . suddenly there 's a burst of machine - gun fire , send stone and gravel and dirt fly . Steve start to run back towards the shore . avner catch he arm , spin he around and drag he in the opposite direction . avner run in this direction , and Steve follow . as they approach the main gate avner trip , stumble , cut he face . he sit there , stunne . Steve haul he to he foot and they resume they run to the gate . avner fire at the center of the lock gate while Steve turn and fire several round into the blackness behind they . avner go ! both man run at the two halve and crash into they . the gate burst open , and avner and Steve run pell - mell down the drive . noise of pursuit , run , shouting , from within the compound grow closer . there 's a burst of gunfire nearby . avner and Steve run down the road at top speed . no one be pursue . they keep run . close up : avner run , as we would see he at the start of the sequence : face black , bloody cut , sweat , terror . he plunge into the grass field . he run through the grass . he throw he rifle away into the grass and run . his speed accelerate . he run till the world fall away . it be no longer clear where he be . the camera close in on avner 's eye . ext . the runway at lod airport , tel aviv - day 250 passenger be descend from a El Al plane . avner be among they . a military jeep , no roof , be wait . two young soldier be sit on the hood . avner approach , look like he expect to be arrest . 251 251a 252 252a 146 . avner I be -- one of the soldier we know . you want to ride with we ? the other soldier hop in . as they get in the jeep , the two soldier in front , avner in back , one of the soldier turn to he . the soldier I be yehuda , this be avi. shin beit . we be not suppose to know who you be , because we be not officer , we be just shit and no one tell we shit , but we have hear about what you have do , and we want to say it 's a honor to meet you . yehuda turn back and start the jeep . avner , though he 's not show much , be stunne . omit 251 omitted 251a omit 252 int . room 27-5-h , mossad headquarters , tel aviv - day 252a the same room in which avner first sign for the mission . nothing have change . avner be seat , think , wait . a man in civilian clothes walk in , carry a large tape recorder , microphone , and loop of cable . he smile at avner , put the equipment on the desk , and start assemble it , whistling through he tooth . avner watch this . when the man be do he leave with a friendly nod the avner . ephraim come in . ephraim I have no problem with anything you guy do except the woman on the houseboat in hoorn. 147 . avner be surprised . ephraim ( cont 'd ) Steve 's tell we about she . avner we take leave of absence and kill she off the company clock . ephraim do not be a idiot . otherwise as I say we have no problem with the job you do . avner except three of my man die . ephraim nod . ephraim aecord to you colleague , I should say emphatically accord to you colleague , not in any way you fault . he sing you praise . - best . guy he ever work for : and so . on . avner huh . Steve 's not bad either . ephraim he say this french group ~~ Louis ? be he name ? -- they sell the terrorist information regard you whereabouts . they help kill you man . avner bullshit . ephraim tell we who they be . avner they will not work with you . jt can not . it 's about loyalty . ephraim you be a israeli officer . that 's you only loyalty . that 's it . avner do not respond . 148. ephraim ( cont 'd ) ok , so -- the door open . General yitzhak hofi enter , two aide behind he . avner stand , one of the aide close the door . ephraim ( cont 'd ) this be General hofi of the Northern Command . general hofi listen , the Prime Minister be proud of you and you man . she wish she could tell you herself , but she can not . she never hear of you , right ? avner nod . general hofi ( cont 'd ) good . she say you have do a great thing for you people . for Israel . hofi embrace avner , kissing both cheek . ' then he turn to go . he stop at the door and look back at avner . general hofi that 's it . there 's no medal or anything . he laugh pleasantly , then leave . ephraim sit down at the tape recorder . he turn it on . ephraim ( into the mic : ) test , testing ... he rewind , push play . listen to himself say " testing , testing . " then he switch the machine back to record . ephraim ( cont 'd ) June 16 , 1973 . avner kauffman . interview . ( to avner : ) go ahead . avner what ? ephraim tell I what you learn . 253 253a 149 . avner what I learn ? ephraim yes . what do you learn ? avner stare ahead , not at ephraim . a weight descend on he , sadness , remember . ephraim watch , impatient . ephraim oh for godsake . tell I the name and number of you source . avner look down , not answer . ephraim I can have you court-martialed . and I might . avner shake he head '' no . avner you can not . I do not work for you . ( meaning it : ) I do not exist . omitted 253 int . avner 's mother ‘s apartment , tel aviv - day 253k she life alone . it 's a small , very modest apartment . she 's serve avner tea . he look terrible . avner look at the only two picture on the wall : a photo of he father , and a photo of avner . both man be in uniform . avner you be divorced . why do you keep he picture on the wall ? avner' mother do not be ridiculous . do you visit he ? axyner look away . avner' mother you look terrible . avner will not look at she . 150 . avner , I be ... I be not good right now , and I do not want to see he . she nod she head . they sit , she look avner 's mother I do not need you to tell I anything . it 's take a lot from you . avner I '' alive . right ? the rest of it ... sort itself out . avner n's mother I be not a fool , avner . avner I never say you be a -- avner 's mother some bond you can not break . ever . you be who you belong to . not look at one another . avner' mother everyone in Europe die . most of my family . ( a gesture as if something vanish in the air ) pffit ! I never talk to you about it . avner I know . avner 's mother you know . so what be there to say ? I do not die because I come here . when I arrive , I walk to the top of a hill in Jerusalem and I pray for a child . I never pray before , but I pray then . and I could feel all of they be praying with I . at he sadly , with ferocious love . avner 's mother you be what we pray for . what you do , you do for we . ( more ) eo '' 51 . avner' mother ( cont would ) for you daughter but also for we . every one of the one who die -- die want this . ( she gesture to the space around she . ) what we have have to take because no one will ever give we . a place to be a Jew among Jews . subject to no one . I thank God for hearing my prayer . avner look at she , finally . avner do you want I to tell you , mama ? do you want to know what I do ? they look at each other for a beat . avner 's mother what 's there to say ? whatever it take , whatever it take . a place on earth . we have a place on earth . at last . ext . in front of lod airport - early morning 254 ephraim be drop avner off . ephraim look angry . avner take a small white cardboard box from he knapsack and hold it out to ephraim . ephraim do not take it . ephraim what be it ? avner baklava . ephraim take the box , examine the bakery 's sticker affix to the top . ephraim ( with disdain : } from rehovot ? the only edible baklava be from the Arabs in jaffa . he hand it back to avner . ephraim ( cont 'd ) eat it on the plane . you be too thin . ( angry ) I hope it give you bellyache . listen , forget it . ( more ) 255 256 256a 256 ephraim ( cont 'd ) you go see you wife , you child , rest for a few more month . we be go to put you back in the field . avner do not respond . ephraim ( cont 'd ) not Europe . probably Latin America . avner no . ephraim you will think it over . avner iwo not . no. ephraim ok , then you will come back and -- avner pick up he suitcase , head for the plane . ephraim watch he go . as avner enter the airport , he run into a large crowd of palestinian child , 30 or more kid , boy and girl range in age from ten to thirteen , pour out of the airport . the kid be all in color t-shirt that say , in Arabic script , '' kashefat madressat yaffa " with the same script and the Arabic letter '' aleph '' on armband on the leave sleeve -- they be in a kind of summer camp program , return from a field trip visit to the airport . they surround avner as they exit , momentarily slow he progress inside . the kid be chaperon by three young woman , they teacher , two in modern dress , one in a head scarf and traditional dress . everyone 's talk loudly , talk loudly and excitedly in Arabic . avner turn briefly to look at the kid . ephraim have go . omitted 254 omitted 255 omitted 256 omitted 256 k omitted 256 238 omitted 257 omitted 258 ext . on clinton STREET , carroll garden , brooklyn - day 237 chilly very early spring . daphna be on the stoop , chat with a old italian lady who 's lean out of she first story window ; geula be sit on daphna 's lap , chew on @ stuff animal . avner 's stand there , on the sidewalk , carry a suitcase , leok at she . the cut in he cheek be still vivid . he 's dishevel , he look lose , deadly exhaust . daphna see he , stand up , completely shocked . she sway a little . he 's freeze , shy , uncertain , suddenly frighten to be here . geula start cry , scared . int . the brooklyn apartment - late night 238 daphna come out of the bedroom , look for avner . she go into the live room . he 's sit on the window seat , look out at the street , up and down , vigilant . Charlie sit nearby . daphna see that avner 's jamme a chair under the doorknob . he turn and look at she . daphna nightmares ? avner yes . yes . ( shake he head , confuse , laugh a little : ) I have no idea where I should be . ( he look around the room : ) it 's a nice place . you have make it ... nice . daphna come back to bed , 259 249 260 261 262 263 she go back to the bedroom . she have not see that avner be hold he gun . he watch she go in , then he turn back to he vigil . his leave hand be clenching , hyperflexing . ext . in front of the brooklyn apartment , clinton STREET - 259 late afternoon it 's full summer , blast furnace heat , kid play in open hydrant , very green , very humid . avner be walk to he house . he look heavier , healthier . his face in repose be still very , very sad , but year have lift off it . he 's dress in paint-spatter , plaster - spatter work clothes , come off a job in small construction . he pass a car in a row of car park on the street . someone 's in the car but he do not notice it . when he 's go several foot past the car , however , something bother he and he look back . there 's a man inside who might be look back at avner . the car pull out and drive off down Clinton street . there 's no license plate . omitted 249 omitted 260 omitted 261 omitted 262 ext . a payphone near avner' cobble hill jobsite - day 263 avner be at a payphone , dress in he dusty construction clothes . avner sylvie ? I want to talk to you father . silence . avner ( cont 'd ) be Louis there ? sylvie ( v.0 . ) no , he ... 264 265 266 267 155 . avner I want to talk to you father . he read from the phone dial . avner ( cont 'd ) 212-624-7880 . I will wait . he must call . I will wait . ext . the payphone near the cobble hill jobsite - day 264 almost a hour later . avner be wait . the phone ring . avner be I be hunt ? be my family be hunt ? int . the farmhouse , the french alp - night 265 papa be pitting prune , phone propped against a shoulder , alone . papa how be you father ? he 's well ? you family be well ? ext . the payphone near the cobble hill jobsite - day 266 avner be silent . avner I do not know . how 's my family ? be they well ? be they go to be ok ? int . the farmhouse , the french alp - night 267 papa I be send you a parcel of sausage and cheese . Real cheese , the kind you can not get in America -- it be not '' pasteurize , '' so it do not taste like shit . it 's a pleasure to hear you voice again . I think about you , with concern . do you believe I ? 268 269 270 156 . ext . payphone near the cobble hill jobsite - day 268 avner be silent , he do not know what to say . papa ( v.0 . ) avner ? you believe I , avner ? avner be startle . avner you know my name . papa ( v.0 . ) of course I do . listen to I , it 's important . no harm will come to you from I . avner . I will never lie to you . papa hang up . avner put the receiver back in place . he leave the phone booth . slowly he shake he head , '' no , '' reach a hard decision . ext . the israeli consulate , manhattan - day 269 establish shot . avner , still dress in he construction clothes , enter the consulate . int , the office of the deputy consul , the israeli consuladed manhattan - day the deputy consul , a young israeli , be sit behind he desk . avner enter abruptly without knock . avner if you be mossad , you know who I be . if you do not , tell ephraim that avner come to see you . the deputy consul rise . a secretary try to come in the office . avner shove she out , slam the door and wheel on the frighten deputy consul who sit down again . avner tell ephraim I will not hesitate to kill other people 's child if my child be hurt . or wife if you hurt my wife . or father if you hurt my father . ( more ) 239 239a 239 aa 240 157 . avner ( cont would ) Word for word , tell ephraim . I will give everything to the newspaper . who be at every meeting . every bloody name . if anyone bother we again . the door behind avner be force open by armed embassy guard . they grab avner , who do not resist . int . avner and daphna nos bedroom , brooklyn ~- late night 239 daphne be asleep . avner come in . he get into bed . he lie there , stare into the dark . he 's cry silently . daphna wake up , look at he ; she reach over to he , touch he face ; he turn away from she . she move over to he , hold he . she kiss he tenderly , consol . the kiss be return , become sexual . they start to make love , gently , uncertainly , then building in intensity and passion . ext . the atr over furstenfeldbruck airport - night 239 k a confuse fragment of helicopter blade , tail - light , a loud burst of noise . int . avner and daphna 's bedroom , brooklyn - night 239 aa avner stop make love to he wife . she draw he back into it . ext . furstenfeldbruck airport runway - night ( tokol airfied ) the helicopter be landing on the tarmac of the airport . a 727 jet stand ready , ostensibly to take the fedayeen and they hostage to Cairo . apart from a few spotlight , the airport and the runway be dark . the helicopter land . the door of one of the helicopter ( D - haqu ) open , and issa , samir , kader and Salah emerge , rifle ready , crouching . tony and abu-halah emerge from the second helicopter ( D - haqo ) . issa and tony move with great caution , away from the helicopter and towards the jet . tony and issa approach the jet . they stop , freeze for a moment . they can see that the plane be dark and there 's no one in the pilot 's cabin . they suspect a trick . issa and tony turn back toward the helicopter . they begin to shout at they comrade back at the helicopter . 241 242 243 244 flood light atop the building and all around the field burst on , lighting up the runway . then from the runway 's periphery , hide sniper start fire . Abu -halah and Salah be gun down immediately . Paulo , badran and samir return fire . bullet be be fire in all direction . sniper fire hit tony in the leg . there 's shouting and scream . issa run hide behind a helicopter ( d- haqo ) . int . avner and daphna' bedroom , brooklyn - late night 241 avner and daphne continue to make love , but something change . avner grow silent , strangely concentrate -- he 's try to block out image inside he head . his lovemake become rough , angry . he start fuck she , furiously . daphna be cry . ext . furstenfeldbruck airport runway - night ( tokol airfihi & 2 ) amidst the firefight , armored car be slowly make they way towards the helicopter on the runway . behind the armored car be many soldier and policeman . the fedayeen and the sniper be still fire . Soldiers begin fire as well . issa climb into helicopter ( d- haqq ) and spray machine gun fire into friedman , halfin and springer , kill they and injure berger in the leg . issa then leap from the helicopter , pull the pin of a grenade and throw it inside . it explode . kader be spraying the other helicopter ( d- haqu ) with machine gun fire . int . avner and daphnan bedroom , brooklyn - late night 243 avner be still on top of daphna , fuck she . his eye be screw shut , he 's growl , he face be contort with hate , he 's try to hurt she . she 's cry and scared but not stop he . the baby , in a crib nearby , start to cry . int . aboard a helicopter on the runway - night ( tokol 244 airfield ) the helicopter be burst into flame . the captive man inside be engulf in flame . 245 246 247 248 271 272 int . aboard the second helicopter on the runway - night 245 ( tokol airfield ) kader 's machine gun spray be rip the cabin apart , strike the body of the helplass athlete ( cuttfreund , schorr , slavin , spitzer and shapira ) , rip they apart -- carnage . wide shot of aftermath : the two helicopter in flame , the dark plane , body on the ground , smoke hang over everything , man emerge from the shadow on the periphery into the floodlit devastation , the siren flash but everything completely silent . omitted 246 int . avner and daphna 's bedroom , brooklyn - late night 247 daphna push avner off she , violently . they both lie , panting , terrify . he sit up , face away from she . he reach back to touch she . she flinch away , hold herself . ext . the backyard of daphna 's and avner ‘s apartment build enb brooklyn - day it 's summer now , the weed growth be rampant . avner be pile a wheelbarrow with all sort of junk , wave Charlie away . he 's still thin , still exhaust , frown . the cut on he cheek be now heal . daphna call from they rear window : daphna ( v.0 . ) phone for you ! he 's israeli . omitted 271 ext . a park on the brooklyn waterfront - day 272 ephraim and avner be walk past a overgrown park on the Brooklyn waterfront . there 's a abandon jungle gym at one end of the park . ephraim you think we have hurt you family ? avner I think anyone be capable of anything . ephraim I think you be lose you mind . avner do I commit murder ? they stop walk . ephraim look out over the East River . avner I want you to give I proof that every man we kill have a hand in munich . ephraim I do not discuss such thing with people who do not exist . you want to discuss , come back to existence . you want you daughter to grow up in exile ? avner I want evidence . ephraim Professor hamshari with the beautiful wife and child ? he be implicate in a fail assassination attempt on Ben gurion , he be recruiting for fatah France , enlist sympathetic non - arab fanatics eager to destroy the international Zionist conspiracy . you stop he . avner we should have try to bring he to Israel . ephraim and Zwaiter , you harmless little writer in Rome ? he be behind the bomb on El Al flight 76 in 1968 , he work on another bomb last August . I can go with this , avner accord to evidence no one have see . ( more } 161 . avner ( cont would ) if they commit crime we should have arrest they , like eichmann . ephraim tf this guy live , Israelis die . whatever doubt you have , avner , you know this be true . we be tell they : if you kill we you will never be safe . we will find you. ( beat ) you do well , but you be unhappy . avner I kill seven man . ephraim not salameh . avner fuck you . ephraim we will get he , of course . you think you be the only team ? it 's a big operation . you be only a part . do that assuage you guilt ? avner I do not even know anymore what I want from you . do we accomplish anything at all ? every man we kill have be replace by worse . ephraim why cut my fingernails they will grow back . avner do we kill they to destroy the terrorist leadership or the palestinian leadership ? tell I what we have do . ephraim you kill they for the sake of a country you now choose to abandon . the country you mother and father build . that you be bear into . you kill they for munich , for the future . for peace . if you kill they . if I know you . if we have meet before , which we have not . ( more ) ephraim ( cont would ) if you sign a paper , which you have , say you have no connection with we , with Israel , or any connection with anyone anywhere , anywhere on earth , avner kauffman , and you have no context . no wonder you nre unhappy . I be unhappy just look at you . avner there 's no peace at the end of this . whatever you believe , you know that 's true . ephraim here 's what I know : you father 's sick . you mother will be alone . you be a sabra , you wife and daughter be sabras . what I come to say be this . come home . silence . . avner no . ephraim look down , then nod . avner come to my house for dinner tonight . a beat . ephraim do not respond . avner ( cont 'd ) come on . you be a Jew . you be a stranger . it 's write someplace or other , I be suppose to ask you to break bread . break bread with I ephraim . ephraim shake he head , sad . ephraim no . ephraim walk away . avner watch he go . end title over image : ultimately , nine of the eleven palestinian men targeted for assassination be kill , including ali hassan salameh in 1979 . end of film 163.