murderland ext . new york CITY - night open credit sequence play against : the busy street of Manhattan . pizza guy toss the dough . cab pick up passenger . doormen wave greeting . ext . central park - night Central Park 's tree blow in the wind . people walk in the park on the track . a gang hover over a bridge , heckling people . dissolve to : int . subway - night commuter still linger in the subway wait for a train . a tollbooth attendant read a paperback . a train roar by , the sound of which mix into . pan down to : int . MAIN STREET , murderland - night the roar of the train can be hear overhead . simpson , a exec of about 45 , bald on top wear a three piece suit , be sit on a 1890 's style park bench . he be out cold . he start to stir . he lift he head , it appear as if it be day time . he look around he . simpson 's p.o.v . - the overhead light be so bright , it simulate a mid day noon sun . there be even dusk sky color and cloud paint on the ceiling . simpson be very confuse .... he look around he to see several multi color building and he appear to be on a checker red and white brick road between two row of building . he see a miniature castle at the end of the road that be about 1/50th scale of another similar theme park . the whole room be about 600 yard long and it get small as you go near the castle . there be a merry go round just to the leave of castle and there be only four door on the entire street . one label " Movie theater " , the second label " the Old West " , the third " fantasy land " and the last label " the Real World " . the ceiling be as high as a high school gymnasium . from beside the miniature Castle come a giant human size scrap the dog . a theme song start to play over the intercom . announcer ( cheesy , generic announcer voice over the loud speaker ) lady and gentleman , the official mascot of murderland .... scrap the Dog ! scrap be a human size fluffy human in a dog suit . scrap look friendly as he wave and move stiffly like he 's animatronic . simpson start to laugh to himself . then as the song be play , scrap pull out a Tommy gun and start to shoot at Simpson . announcer choose the doorway that start you on you magical journey into ( the voice turn from cheesy to evil ) murderland ! Simpson duck , and glass break behind he from a store window . as he hide behind the bench , the merry go round start on and the horse begin to fire bullet as well . Simpson be force to go toward the Movie theater . he go in , barely miss the bullet . int . control room , murderland - night we see the action on television monitor . this room be set up like a newsroom with about twelve t.v. monitor and computer counsels and mixing board . at the control in this dark room be bruce , late thirty , unshaven and cold as ice . behind he be johnny , he assistant , mid twenty and semi italian look , and lurking in the shadow be zach , a corporate ass kiss who wear $ 600 shoe and wear gq glass with he armani suit . the room be color with blue light from the monitor and the electronic light surround all the computer console . behind the two seat console be the couch where Zach be sit . this room be impeccably clean . johnny I do not think he would make it past scrap . bruce let 's just see if he can make it into round two .... johnny pull out a bag of chip and start to eat a handful . Bruce shoot he a look . bruce do not . johnny ( chomping on the chip ) what ? bruce do not eat at the console . johnny ( mouthful of chip ) what ? be you my mother ? bruce it 's my control board and I do not want it act squirrelly because you drop a few crumb into the keyboard , no put the shit away . johnny yes , sir mom. ( put the chip down ) int . movie theater , murderland - night simpson be panting and stop to catch he breathe . a Black & White silent film be play on the big screen . the movie play be show the make of murderland . there be only about four or five row of seat . announcer ( from the movie screen ) have a seat Mr. Simpson ! murderland be create in 1987 . take the original 82nd street subway station which be abandon in 1913 , we engineer be able to construct all thirty ride in less than ...... the door all close and lock . Simpson look panicked . he claw helplessly at the door . he sit at one of the seat and get a electrical shock that would kill a small animal . he fall to the floor , when he look up he see at one of the door , the exit light flicker on and off . he go to it . the door open . announcer ( from the movie screen ) ..... all thirty ride and attraction ! we engineer have build ..... int . control room , murderland - night bruce be work the control . bruce never underestimate a man who cheat on he tax . his file say he be a avid jogger . johnny you have get to be kid I ! his lazy ass could not win the special Olympic . int . hall of door , murderland - night Simpson be limping he way down the hall . there be door of vary size and shape on either side of he . some have light emanate from behind they , some do not . it 's important to note that there be no other light other than the light come from behind the door . other than that it be pitch black in here . only the door present themselves . announcer ( over speaker ) Mr. Simpson , so many door , so many choice . which do you prefer ? the floor and ceiling begin they hydraulic rise / fall toward Simpson . the close make a grate , mechanical noise . announcer ( cont 'd ) choose wisely and with expediency ! Simpson be panic , there be no easy choice . his brow be cover in sweat and he start to shake . int . control room , murderland johnny roll he chair back and slap he hand to he head . johnny he will never get it right . try the log ride ! bruce not yet . johnny but , he 's ... bruce I say no . johnny get up and walk to the back of the room . Zach listen intently to the dissention . on the monitor we see Simpson grab at a door that 's lock . int . hall of door , murderland - night Simpson move on the the next door . it 's lock he move to the last door on the leave side . he open it . he get knock all the way against the other side of the hall by a spike . he be impale by a four foot long , one foot wide metal spike . blood drip from he corpse on the opposite wall . int . control room , murderland - night bruce stop the hydraulics . johnny ( return to he console , press several button on the keyboard ) get it . on the monitor we see the floor stop rise . zach ( polish he glass ) be that it ? bruce yeah , I would say that 's it . johnny he have a phone pole stick in he chest , I think we do not need a autopsy . zach I be just look for we best interest . May I have the tape , Bruce ? bruce remove a vhs tape from the deck . bruce ( hold the tape as Zach try to take it ) do not it bother you to see this kind of brutal death ? I mean , I can understand the old man 's infatuation with the stuff , but not you . zach I be a investment banker . I see blood bathes everyday . besides , mine be not to question why , minute be but to do or die . bruce no one have a gun to you head . unamuse , Bruce let 's go of the tape . zach might I suggest go a little easier on they ? it will prolong the end and we benefactor will be more pleased if we could elongate the inevitable . Bruce just stare at he in contempt . bruce johnny , let 's get the cleanup start . johnny you have get it boss . one more mangle body to the East River , come up ! zach I must be go . gentlemen .... Zach leave and johnny escort he out . ext . fifth avenue , new york CITY - day we follow zach as he walk down a street and enter a office complex for ...... establish shot : first bank int . first bank lobby - day tracking shot : Zach enter wear the usual plush armani and he gq glass . he nod to security as he go into the elevator . this be a multi billion dollar bank he work at . the lobby have plush marble floor and the expensive furniture that go with be in the 9th large commercial bank worldwide . there be all dark , expensive suit , all almost oblivious of each other walk to and from . int . 44 th floor , first bank - day Zach exit the elevator . he must go to the other end of the building to take the elevator to the penthouse . he see saundra , a mid twenty brunette who be wear a very mini skirt . she be all business , but definitely have sexuality ooze from she pore . she be stand at the water cooler with another exec name judy , 38 and a little heavy set . judy so have you see Simpson ? saundra no , why ? judy he miss a meeting this morning . Simpson have not miss a meeting in three year . saundra maybe he have a better offer . judy it do not matter much . there 's such a incredible turnover here ... ( see Zach approach from elevator ) be careful , major kiss ass approach . Zach approach and Judy exit . zach good morning . saundra good morning . zach do you see what the first Bank stock open at ? very impressive . saundra actually it 's down .2 from the last quarter high , but I think it will pick up . zach I be equally impressed with you knowledge of the market . how long have you be with the company now ? saundra four year . I come over from the Capitol merger in Chicago six month ago . zach be you involved in the incident where that guy kill himself in he office ? ( she silence answer the question ) I be sorry . perhaps we should have dinner tonight to .... discuss you future . saundra be not blind to the innuendo . saundra perhaps not . I have to work on the prd merger tonight . enter matthew , a temp in he early twenty and a incredible smart ass . matthew good golly miss molly you be look good today ! saundra thank you . matthew I mean he . saundra be mildly amused with Matthew and this be a tension causer for Zach . Zach have no tolerance for anything not work related . matthew ( cont 'd ) just look at this tie . you could fry a egg off that orange , yow . have you ever consider the Jerry Garcia line of tie ? saundra Excuse I , gentleman saundra leave , giggle at the tie . zach might I remind you Mr. parker , that you be a temporary employee and I hope you have no aspiration of become permanent . Zach exit toward he office . matthew thank you sir , have you ever consider mydol for that attitude . it take the edge off . int . conference room - day this be a big money bank , so the furnishings be extravagant . the giant oak wood table be in the center of this room and a giant glass window face the park can be see . saundra be at the table with about twenty other n.d. executive . they be watch the latest internal video from ceo JOHN c. mccay . on the video we see a nice little creek and pasture set and wear jeans & a sweater mccay sit near a wooden fence . JOHN c. mccay hi. I be John c. mccay . I be proud to have the new prd team join the family . we all know that we grow everyday . together we can make first Bank work for you . the video end with mccay give the camera a thumb up and the graphic say " first Bank Works for you ! " . Fred thomison , 45 , stand up and turn the monitor off . he turn to the wait executive fred thomison well ? JOHN c. mccay ( over speaker phone ) Fire the whole division . fred thomison Excuse I , sir ? JOHN c. mccay ( still over speaker phone ) Fire the whole division . we be move more of the operation division into Manhattan anyway . whoever be leave over from the conversion be no longer need . we already have all the key people here . anyone else be expendable . fred thomison Sir , I come from the Chicago office myself , and if I may say , sir , there be still some very good .... JOHN c. mccay ( over the speaker phone & more than a little irritate ) if you want , I can fire you and have someone else who have the ball terminate this worthless people . which will it be ? fred thomison we will start work on it now sir . there be a rude , unacknowledged click from the speaker phone , then dial tone . thomison turn the line off . fred thomison anyone know where to start ? zach ( o.c. ) I do . all eye turn to Zach in the door . zach we start with the top and work we way down . we start with the high salaries and then just let the little people go . no need to make the blue collar go crazy . saundra I disagree . I think we should start look into the severance pay schedule and make sure the people with family can ..... zach look , miss . I know you be still upset about that incident in Chicago , but understand , this be a cut throat business . we do not have time to play nursemaid to every single Tom Dick and Harry . saundra maybe we should make the time . especially consider the sixteen million dollar we have set aside expressly to settle law suit from this very event . the whole room sit still for a moment . fred thomison ( democratically ) let 's put it to a vote . all that in favor of cut loose without the proper relation to we old co worker ? put you hand up . only Zach raise he hand . fred thomison that about cover it then . now the next order of business will be ..... CUT to : int . ceo penthouse , first bank - day this go way beyond posh here . there be exotic painting ( original ) and lot of open space . elephant tusk and other hunter type trophy . this be definitely a man 's office from a man who suffer from penis envy . he have all the high brow , multi millionaire furnishings in dark wood and a outside fountain and arboretum . this room be at least three thousand square foot . zach enter with he briefcase in hand . from outside enter , John c. mccay , president of first Bank . he 's in he mid to late fifty and all gray hair and a little portly . he wear glass and present himself as have power . JOHN c. mccay Zachory ! my boy , how go the carnage down on 44 ? zach not that well sir . I believe we have a few too many soft heart in the building . do we aquire a bank from Chicago or a charity ? JOHN c. mccay relax , son . they will learn in time that you do not fuck with first Bank . this be the real deal and we aim to keep it strong . my daddy always tell I that only the strong survive . zach I think that be darwin , sir . or perhaps nietzsche ? JOHN c. mccay perhaps it be . I be in board school for so many year , it 's hard to remember . do you have the tape of the latest exploit from my favorite hobby ? zach yes sir , I do . last night 's , fresh from the Park . JOHN c. mccay I have to say , that I be glad you be such a amazing kiss ass . zach thank you , sir . Sir , may I ask you a question ? JOHN c. mccay of course . zach while I be not morally against this little , shall we say " hobby " , as long as I be on the payroll , but why not something like a yacht club ? JOHN c. mccay Zach , how old be you , son ? zach I be thirty two . JOHN c. mccay and how much do we pay you annually ? zach I make roughly four hundred thousand a year . JOHN c. mccay Zach my boy , I can spend you yearly salary in a blink . I have have that kind of money all of my life . if I want to , I could fly to Paris for the afternoon . ( start to pace ) my father form this company over seventy year ago . when my brother become mentally challenge , it be put in my charge . now run a bank of this size be very stressful . I need to relax on what little down time I have . a yacht club will not quite make my blood pressure decline . understand ? zach yes sir . JOHN c. mccay I have entrust you with a great many thing . in you tenure with this company you have see and hear thing that could upset the very economic world in which we live . I think this kind of loyalty should be reward . zach thank you , sir . John c. mccay reach into he desk and hand Zach a pen set . zach ( cont 'd ) thank you , sir . I be really hope for share , or possibly cash ... but this , this be really personal . JOHN c. mccay Son , let 's watch the tape . int . JOHN c. mccay' video lounge , first bank - day John c. mccay and Zach sit on a couch in a soundproof room in the penthouse office suite . the big screen t.v. replay the demise of simpson . Zach watch as stoically as he do the previous night . John c. mccay watch like a pervert watch a porno . he be excited . as the tape end ... JOHN c. mccay that be rather .... disappoint . zach I have suggest that they tone down the program so that the " guest " might take longer to expire . JOHN c. mccay I want more action . I want to see more ingenuity than that . I want to see the injure man out wit the machine ! zach but sir , most of the people we be put into the " Park " be accountant that embezzle or investment banker . they be not know for they physical or intellectual prowess . JOHN c. mccay I do not believe ol ' Bruce be have as much fun with this as he once do . he still insist on the " guest " be of the more nefarious type . zach that 's right , sir . he do a thorough background check and if he find they to be criminal or guilty of embezzlement , then he will put they in the park . he have refuse the last three suggest " guest " . JOHN c. mccay what about that time when the mail room kid be accuse of steal and we put he in the " Park " ? be not that a computer glitch ? zach yes sir . it turn out we put a innocent man into the " park " and he be not the one who steal from the stamp machine . that be also about the time when Bruce begin refuse . JOHN c. mccay that mail room kid be the longest last " guest " yet ! maybe we can alter the computer record and make another " guest " from the more athletic of we staff . zach Bruce may still refuse . it be my belief that he be become more belligerent . the ceo contemplate this for a while . JOHN c. mccay I propose we consider a hostile take over . perhaps ol ' Bruce be in need of a new job opportunity . zach what do you mean sir ? JOHN c. mccay what if we be to put Bruce into the Park as a Guest ? zach Sir ? JOHN c. mccay I will bet that would be the Park run of the century ! zach Sir , he create the Park . he would know how to circumvent any of the trap . JOHN c. mccay I be willing to bet that even the creator can not out wit he creation . zach what then sir ? what would we do with the park with out Bruce ? JOHN c. mccay do you think the assistant , what 's he name ... zach John , sir . JOHN c. mccay yes , do you think he would like a raise and a new position ? zach Sir , this be not like fire any employee . we can not predict what will happen . JOHN c. mccay that my boy , be the best part . life on top of the world be boring ... predictable . if I want life without chance , I never would have pay for murderland . now go . make a formal proposal and see about the assistant . find out if it 's viable . Zach begin to go into the elevator . after he 's go . mccay open up a video library name after former employee who have enter murderland . int . 44 th floor , first bank - day Zach walk out of the elevator again . he see matthew flirt with saundra . although he face will not betray it , Zach be very jealous of this . matthew come on , I be serious . look at wilma . she 's this frail little thing , and Fred , I mean Fred flintstone be this big guy . he have to be hang like a horse , and that 's why wilma put up with he b.s . saundra I have never hear the flintstone reduce to a sexual exploitation quite like that . you be funny . Zach be right on the other side of the cubicle from they . he can hear clearly , but they do not know he 's there . matthew listen , I be think , you know . would you go , it 's I think you be ... saundra do you want to go out with I ? matthew it 's sound so much better when you say it . I be semi traditional here , and it 's important that I ask . will you go out with I ? saundra yes . matthew really ? on a date ? saundra yes . matthew this be too easy , I mean I have a speech prepare , then I even wear this pants because I could get on my knee to grovel . saundra as appeal as that sound ... matthew dinner at my place then ? say , seven o'clock ? saundra sure . saundra leave . from the next cube lean over jeff , 24 and a little unshaven and wear a loud suit and tie . Jeff be equally free of any real responsibility . jeff I can not believe she say yes ! matthew I know . normally I would have to spend week lay down the leg work to land a beautiful baby like that . jeff you be so lucky that Zach do not get there first . matthew you mean Mr. bad tye ? I be not worried about he . he 's one of that guy who have a wardrobe but no personality . saundra do not want that . she want someone who can make she laugh . not someone she can laugh at . they both crack up at this and zach walk away . int . MAIN STREET , murderland - day Bruce & johnny be repair the merry go round of horse that fire bullet . there be tool and part lie about . Bruce be wear only a tank top and be use a wrench on the large piece of the motor . johnny look very bored and be twirling a 9 millimeter pistol like a cowboy . bruce Hand I the 3/8th . johnny here . be I ever go to get to run the control for one this caper ? bruce when I think you be ready . johnny when will that be ? bruce when you be ready . johnny look , you be go to have to start trust I sometime . I be a trustworthy person . bruce trust be earn not give away . johnny respect be earn not give away , trust be give away to anybody . bruce not down here . I will start trust you when I feel there the time be right . it 's not personal , it 's just survival . johnny I have be work with you for four year , do not you think that 's worthy of at least one turn at the control ? bruce no . johnny get up and walk around he . johnny I make my bone on the street , you know . I do riglioni in he own house . I be make in the family , okay . bruce and who bail you out when a hit be put on you , you sorry sack of shit . who put you up ? who give you a job ? johnny you do . bruce that 's right . now who need to trust who ? trust I , when you be ready to work the control , I will put you in the hot seat . johnny stand for a long moment . johnny I just think that maybe I be ..... Bruce just sigh out loud and then turn a switch and the merry go round horse begin to fire right towards johhny . they hit right at he foot . he dance a little jig around the bullet johnny ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ! stop stop stop ! they stop , and Bruce be laugh hysterically . johnny you asshole ! they could have miss ! int . nightingale's bar - day this be a small bar in a alley in Manhattan . it look as though no one have enter it in decade . it 's run down and dusty . the light be off . Zach enter through the front door . he sit at the bar . johnny come in from the back . johnny hey , Mr. executive . buy you a drink sailor ? zach we have new " guest " for the park . I have a file on they . May I see Bruce ? johnny he 's be expect you . he point the way to the broom closet . they go in and the back of the closet open up into a elevator . both of they enter . int . elevator , murderland - day this elevator be like the service elevator at the back of a hotel that only the janitor see , only smaller . it can barely fit this two . Zach curiously look at johnny . johnny you get a fuck problem ? zach no . I be just curious if what I hear about you be true ? johnny what do you hear ? zach only that you be one of the finest hit man in the mob . that if you want a good clean kill , that johnny tortelli be the man for the job . johnny I be . zach might I ask why you no longer work for the mob ? johnny there be a bit of confusion on one of my last job . zach I think , and correct I if I be wrong , but be not you try to play both side ? johnny what be you look for ? a blow job ? zach no . I be not a homosexual . johnny then what do you want ? zach have you ever consider run you own " Park " ? I mean , since you will not be return to you former profession . johnny I do not think even this company could afford to write off enough to build a new " Park " . zach we can not . Zach pause , he hit the stop button on the elevator . zach be you happy with you salary and position ? johnny no I be not . zach I have hope you would say that . I have a proposal for you ..... johnny I be listen . int . firing range , murderland - day Bruce be fire away at the paper target . Zach and johnny enter from the elevator . johnny take up a place next to he . this be a two man fire range about 100 yard long in a small rectangular room . bruce good morning . what do you have today ? zach I have a embezzler and he accomplice . Zach open he briefcase and hand over a file in a manilla folder . Bruce take it and open it up . we see matthews face on a b&w photo , and the next picture be of saundra from he security badge . zach ( cont 'd ) this young man be a temporary in we accounting department and he have manage to steal a large sum of money through the wire transfer system . he be sleep with one of we account executive to gain password . we believe she be in on it . Bruce contemplate this . johnny fire off several shot . he get a lot better accuracy than Bruce do . bruce I will do the standard research and have they in by midnight , pend any unforseen problem . zach good . Nice to see you , Bruce . johnny . Zach exit . int . control room , murderland - day Bruce be concerned . he log into the company computer and begin to check file . johnny what 's wrong ? bruce I just want to double check the fact . the computer blip up a screen of account and personnel file . bruce ( cont 'd ) I see here that this guy have make deposit into he own account for the last four month . each one in the amount of $ 100,000 . he then put in deposit into he girlfriend account . johnny so ? bruce he already have a balance of $ 600,000 . johnny he probably have a history of this shit . bruce yeah , maybe .... let 's start the background check . let 's see where they live and what kind of security system .... johnny Matthew life on the Upper West side , kinda posh for a temp do not you think ? bruce any prior ? any police record ? johnny check ..... hah ! he have a shit load of unpaid parking ticket ... bruce parking ticket ? that 's it ? johnny yeah , but we be talk 43 . bruce a real criminal .... I still think that 's we in ... what about she ? johnny check ........ int . matthew' apartment - night Matthew be run around he apartment , throw clothes into a closet and hide stuff under the couch . Matthew life in a decent apartment with black leather sofa and match chair , exactly what a bachelor would have . the Felix the cat clock read 6:59 pm the doorbell ring . Matthew run to the door , and whacks he knee on the corner of the table . ( very Peter seller style ) . he get to the door , try not to cringe in pain . he open the door . it 's saundra , look absolutely beautiful . matthew ( try very hard to be suave ) hello . saundra hi . I bring some wine . matthew thank you , will not you come in ? saundra thanks . as soon as she enter & he 's behind she , he wince in pain from he knee . she walk across the room toward the window . saundra ( cont 'd ) what a incredible view ! saundra matthew thank you . he limp horribly & painfully toward she . she spin around and he go upright pretend to be smooth . int . matthew' dine room - night Matthew be prepping food in the kitchen while saundra be at the table . he bring out the main course , it 's chicken . he try to be smooth and cut it , but jab he finger instead . he wince , but try ( remember tries ) to remain cool . saundra be you okay ? matthew yes , Excuse I for a second . saundra ( cont 'd ) you have a real nice place ... how can you afford this work as a temp ? Matthew be jump up & down in pain while she look around the room again . she turn toward he and he straighten up . matthew well , I make good investment , I lead a double life as a secret agent .. I .... I ... I have very rich parent . I have always have a lot of money . saundra if they be so rich , why be you work at all ? matthew I just want to have something that 's mine , you know ? it 's like live off of they money be fun and all . there be certain materialistic need that I have that can only be satisfied with that extra little scratch . saundra like what , a porsche ? a Ferrari ? matthew would that impress you ? I mean you be the kinda woman that probably have Ferrari write all over you personal ad . saundra actually , I be more interested in the man behind the wheel more than the manufacturer . so what be it that you have that make you a materialistic fool ? matthew my own sit down Star Wars arcade game . wanna play it ? it sit in the corner of the room . we hear the familiar voice in the game say " the Force will be with you .... always " . int . hallway , matthews apartment build - night we see Bruce & johnny dress as policeman , they knock on the door . int . matthew' apartment - night saundra be play the arcade game . Matthew be right beside she . matthew okay , now go under go under it ! shoot vader 's tie fighter ! get him get him ! saundra Yahoo !!!!! Matthew get up and go to the door . he be stare down Bruce & johnny in they police uniform . this will play almost like a episode of cop . bruce be you Matthew parker ? matthew yes , can I help you ? maybe a do nut or something ? bruce that 's very funny , sir . you be under arrest . matthew hey , hey ! johnny move in behind he & begin to cuff he . bruce you have 43 unpaid parking ticket , sir . you have the right to remain silent , anything you say can & will be hold ..... saundra what 's go on ? bruce please do not be alarmed , ma'am . matthew kojak here be arrest I for unpaid parking ticket . bruce 43 unpaid parking ticket , sir . saundra you do not have anything better to do ? there a rapist & murder out there and you come out here to arrest he for parking ticket ? johnny step behind she . he place chloroform over she mouth . she struggle . she manage to elbow johnny in the gut & he go down . matthew run ! Bruce kick Matthew in the gut & he go down . saundra try to get past Bruce , but he overpower she . he put he chloroform over she mouth and she try to hit he , but to no avail . fade to black int . nightingale bar - night Bruce be carry saundra in over he shoulder . he place she on the floor next to where johnny throw matthew . Bruce be now wear he normal black attire and a dark , thin trench coat . bruce no matter how many time I wear one of that fuck uniform , I will never get use to it . johnny look at he boss in a devious way . johnny prep a syringe behind he back without look . bruce that about do it . I will take they down . Bruce be lean down over saundra , check she face . johnny lean in and inject Bruce with a syringe in the back of he neck . johnny nighty night , boss . fade to black int . control room , murderland - night johnny be turn on all the monitor and turn various knob and control . Zach be type into he laptop . johnny sit down in Bruce 's chair . johnny so who be this people with the boss ? zach just a temp who piss I off and a girl who turn I down for the night of she life . johnny be not you the bitter one . int . MAIN STREET , murderland - night the bright as day light be fade in . Bruce start to stir on the ground . he start to get on he knee . int . control room , murderland - night johnny have he back turn to the monitor , check on a few system check . Zach be there , observe . zach ( see Bruce try to stand ) how long till the drug wear off ? johnny we should have another fifteen minute at least . zach Bruce have just awaken . johnny what ????? johnny turn around in a panic . int . MAIN STREET , murderland - night Bruce be struggle to stand . his hand be on he head . beside he be Matthew and saundra . saundra begin to stir as the sound system boom a voice . announcer ( very loud over the p.a. ) welcome to murderland ! where death be a fun experience for one and all ! bruce ( to saundra ) get up . get up ! saundra where be we ? bruce no time . get he up . Bruce start to move toward the Movie theater . int . control room , murderland johnny be furiously press button . johnny shit ! int . MAIN STREET , murderland - night saundra lean over to Matthew and try to shake he . matthew not now , Mom . saundra wake up , we be in trouble . Matthew be groggier than the other two be . matthew hey ... do we uhm , you know .... saundra no ! just get up . this be serious . Matthew look around . he be more than surprised at the similarity to a certain theme park in Orlando , FL . matthew how do we get to disn .... feedback permeate from the sound system . johnny ( v.o. from p.a. ) try not to fight too hard , boss !!!! from beside the miniature castle come scrap the Dog . matthew well that 's .... scrap begin to fire he tommy gun . Matthew and saundra get by the hail of bullet to the door near the Movie theater . then the merry go round begin to fire . they get force in . int . control room , murderland johnny I tell you this would be easy . just like a maestro . int . movie theater , murderland - night Bruce be already inside . saundra hey , you ! what the hell be go on ? matthew what the hell kind of cop be you ? Bruce ignore they . the b&w movie begin play . announcer ( from Movie screen ) murderland be create in 1987 . take the original 82nd street subway station which be abandon in 1913 , we engineer be able to construct all thirty ride in less than ...... Bruce run straight to a seat in the third row . he reach underneath and pull out a 9 mm pistol . he check the clip , then lock and load . int . control room , murderland johnny try to speedily zoom in on Bruce to see what he 's do . zach what be Bruce do ? johnny I do not know ..... int . movie theater , murderland - night Bruce get up and methodically shoot the two video camera 's in the corner of the room . Matthew scream , saundra just plug she ear . int . control room , murderland the monitor for that room go dead . zach what be that ? johnny he must have have a gun stashed . God damn it ! zach we can not afford too many surprise . johnny he will never make it out of the park alive . I promise you that .... int . movie theater , murderland - night Matthew feel dizzy . matthew I gotta sit down , I have a headache . he try to sit . bruce no . do not . you will get a shock from hell if you touch that seat . matthew who be you anyway ? what the hell be this ? bruce just shut the fuck up . Bruce be try to pry the door with the flicker exit light to open . it come open a moment later . he run into the Hall of Doors . saundra I think we should follow he ... matthew I just need to sit and think for a second . int . hall of door , murderland - night as Bruce walk slowly and cautiously in , saundra walk behind he several pace . matthew ( from off camera ) ouch !!! goddammit that hurt !!!! bruce ( whisper to himself ) I tell he not to sit down in there ..... Matthew limp in saundra be you okay ? matthew Fine , fine , I feel like a chicken mcnugget . the door lock shut and the light dim . johnny ( Voice over from p.a. ) well , boss you have already surprised I . I will try not to let it happen again . where to kid ? the ceiling begin to lower . matthew the roof be come down .... hey , you .... which door get we out of here ?? saundra which one , this door be lock ! bruce no ! do not open any of they ! they be all wrong . just wait . matthew wait for what ? i do not wanna alarm you but we will be the special at the International House of pancake in about five minute ! bruce trust I , if you open any door , you will be dead a whole lot sooner . saundra why should we trust you ? bruce I make this place ..... now listen to I . I will get out of this room , we have bigger trouble than this .... int . control room , murderland zach will he make it out ? johnny of course , this one 's a gimme . just be patient , even ol ' Bruce can not outwit some of this trap . int . hall of door , murderland - night the distance be close fast . matthew okay , now I be worried . what exactly be on the other side of the door ? bruce either you will be shot with bullet , impale with a large spike , or nail like a super model . basically you be fuck any way you go . matthew ( heavy on the sarcasm ) and that 's different than this because ...... ? as the floor get nearer to the ceiling , Bruce open the air vent on the ceiling . he crawl in . Matthew stare in disbelief and saundra move right after Bruce into the tunnel . matthew okay , maybe you know the answer to this , but I be still the trivia champion at bws' . Matthew jump into the vent . int . vent , murderland - night this be like a air conditioning vent , only a little large to accommodate human guest on they hand and knee or kneel . the light come from the floor vent ahead . Bruce crawl through and kick in the vent to the next room . he jump down . saundra look ahead of she and jump down herself . Matthew , a little hurt from the foosball thing poke he head down into the next room . then he fall through . int . human size foosball field , murderland - night what we have here be a human size foosball play field . there be astro turf on the ground , bright soccer field line and giant metal pole each one with either four , three or two " player " . the " player " be giant six foot tall version of they three inch counter part . they be lightly padded , but with enough force , they could be lethal . a five foot tall , white inflatable ball be already in play on the field . the ball could knock the wind out of you , but not fatally . Bruce be wait next to a hole that lead into the field . saundra and Matthew drop down from the vent to see he wait , gun in hand . johnny ( v.o. from p.a. ) come on boss man ! do not you wanna play ? you have never beat I on the table up in the bar ... the wall beside they start to close in , force they into the play field . Bruce wait for a moment .. then start to run through the field . saundra go next , then Matthew follow . once on the field , Matthew realize what he 's in . matthew ( in comedic shock ) you have get to be kid I ! at that moment , Matthew be swipe by one of the cushion , human size foosball player . he get the wind knock out of he . further ahead , Bruce duck and dodge the player with some ease , but get hit unexpectedly by the five foot tall ball . he loose he balance and go down . int . control room , murderland on the monitor , we get a bird 's eye view of the whole field , as if it be a video game . johnny that 's the way ! look at she go ! on the monitor , we see saundra , bob and weave she way through to near the end without get hit . int . life size foosball field , murderland - night saundra make it to the end and wait by the exit . Bruce get up , only to get knock over by a player . Bruce get up again and see the ball roll right to he . he pull out the pistol and shoot the ball and the air decompress . he then make he way to the exit . he start to leave . saundra what about Matt ? bruce leave he , he 's dead . saundra no ! saundra run back out to the field . she make she way to Matthew . he 's try to stand but get knock over every time by a player . int . control room , murderland johnny be play the game control laugh . int . human size foosball field , murderland - night saundra get to Matthew and help he up . together they run to the exit . they duck together and weave together . int . control room , murderland johnny hit the control johnny fuck ! that 's not fair ! she cheat ! int . human size foosball field , murderland - night saundra make it to the exit with Matthew in tow . matthew hey buddy , thanks for the help back there ! bruce I do not help criminal . Bruce go through the door that now open . saundra criminal ? int . control room , murderland zach what 's next ? johnny I have a turn for the worse for the team ! zach I do believe Mr. mccray will be most pleased with the tape of this one . int . line pole , murderland - night this be a maze of pole , like the one use for direct people to a ride at a real amusement park . there be warpe picture of the other ride & scrap the Dog paint on the wall . the ceiling be fairly low in this room . saundra hey Mr. personality ! stop for a second . Bruce keep on walk . saundra I be talk to you asshole ! matthew maybe all that testosterone plug he ear . Matthew start to giggle at he own joke , only to find bruce dead in he face . bruce give I one good reason why I do not plug you right here , right now ? ( Bruce hold the gun to Matthew 's nose ) matthew because of my charming personality ? Bruce cock the hammer back . saundra push the gun up and get in bruce 's face . saundra why do not you tell we what the fuck be go on ? bruce why should I ? saundra you say we be criminal , what do you mean ? bruce you be both embezzle . I see the record . saundra embezzle ? I be not embezzle ! bruce maybe not , but he be and fuck he make you a accessory . he steal you password . saundra I be not fuck he .. matthew ( whining a little ) you do not have to sound so emphatic . saundra we just have we first date when you show up . bruce yeah , right . Bruce keep on walk through the line . bruce I would hurry it up , love bird . you do not want to see what happen when you do not keep the line move . as he say this , spike come out of the pole and the back of the line begin to close in . the whole room be close in on they - there be no backtrack here . saundra frustrated , move ahead . Matthew see the spike close in slowly and spare no time catch up . int . demon water ride , murderland - night the three of they come into the start of the ride . there be a log ride boat await they in the small tunnel of water . it lead to the leave and there be a obvious drop right away . the room have a bayou motif complete with fake wooden shed and boat house . the light be green and simulate a Louisiana mystic evening . the sign read " keep you hand and foot in at all time or else the ' gator 's will bite they off ! enjoy the demon Water ride ! " Matthew stop for a second to ponder the sign . matthew you say you build this place ? no answer , just Bruce wait for the boat . matthew I think you have way too much free time on you hand . what about other hobby ? I mean what 's wrong with building toy train or something . a Boat arrive . the wall start to push in , force everyone into the boat . bruce get in . int . control room , murderland johnny speak into a microphone . johnny yes , get in . on the monitor we see they all get on board the little log shape boat . int . demon water ride , murderland - night in start off slow . and there 's the can scream from ride from the 1920' . they immediately drop at a 40 degree angle and splash into a little water . the lighting get dimmer as they go . Matthew get most of the splashes and be drench . matthew ( wipe the water out of he eye ) awk ! this suck ! the boat move slowly to the leave , then jerk slightly to the right . up ahead , we see a small hill lead up . Bruce begin to tighten he grip on the bar . saundra notice , and also grab tightly . saundra this be not so bad . just then the boat start down a slop , while miss th up hill ahead . matthew ( scream ) oh shit ! the ride begin several sharp turn and steep drop . saundra be terrify , Matthew be feel nauseous . Bruce be smile slightly . he 's proud of he work . after a about three minute of turn and drop , and even sudden lift . they reach the bottom . it 's darker here than the rest of the ride . the boat stop . matthew be it over ? bruce not quite .... everything be quiet and still for a moment . announcer ( from p.a. ) that 's it folk for the demon Boat ride .... everybody off . watch you hand and foot . matthew where 's the dock ? saundra I think that 's the point . the boat start to sink in the black water . matthew oh shit ! Bruce be first out & he 's swim away from the one light in this pool . it 's emanate from the far wall , underwater . matthew ( cont 'd ) hey , where be you go ? hey ! Matthew & saundra be follow he as he swim to a rock in the middle of this seemingly black sea . Bruce get on the rock and stand . Matthew stop and tread water , try to catch he breath . matthew that 's nice . ( spit water out ) I think I lose my wallet . bruce I would get out of the water if I be you . matthew why ? announcer ( over p.a. ) and now lady and gentleman it 's time for the fabulous crocodile show ! matthew great ! you could not be a fan of dolphin or some other less threaten animal . saundra get on the rock with Bruce . Matthew be lag . he get to the rock just as the underwater . saundra Matt ! underwater light come on . it illuminate the whole cave where they be . the bluish green pool be about 300 square foot and branch off in four direction . it 's like someone make they pool into a fake swamp . Matthew panic when he see that there be about twelve crock in the water with he . he get up on the rock too . they be crowd this little rock . saundra now what ? int . control room , murderland johnny ( into microphone ) who can make it to the exit alive ? johnny press a button . int . cave with crocodile , murderland - night the rock begin its descent into the water . int . control room , murderland johnny I have get five buck that say someone die here and now . zach I will see that bet . Zach reach into he wallet . int . cave with crocodile , murderland - night the rock completely lower into the water . saundra now where do we go ? bruce I do not know . matthew I think you make this place ? bruce I do , but this room have four exit and only one open , it 's up to they in the control room . there 's one right over there . the exit light be on , but he can change it . he start to swim for it . the light turn off and another light on the other side of the cave turn on . bruce ( cont 'd ) fuck ! he 's toy with we . Bruce look from side to side . saundra try to see a way out too . saundra shit here come a crock ! here it come . Bruce see this and move closer to she . int . control room , murderland johnny lean to the edge of he seat . johnny get ready to hand over that fiver . int . cave with crocodile , murderland - night the crock be move in on saundra . Bruce pull out the pistol and fire it into the water and empty it into the crock . he see the blood . bruce the crock will eat he up before they come after we , let 's go . they all three start to swim for the exit that 's open . the crocodile all go after the dead crock and start to feast . the blood keep they from even notice anything else in the water . int . control room , murderland Zach reach out he hand zach you be say ? johnny hand over a dirty five dollar bill . zach be not you go to switch exit on he again ? johnny why ? the crock be all go for the dead crock . there 's no fun in it . besides we have get plenty more for they . the night be young .... int . dragon' cave , murderland - night Bruce be drip and saundra be shaking for the first time yet . Matthew have be shake since he wake up and be find new level of scared . this tunnel be about four foot wide and simulate a real cave . the wall be brown and gray with moss in certain spot . there be pink and blue light to give this a fairy tale look . Fake smoke come from tiny spout in the floor . we here faint growl from something ominous . matthew what 's next Walt ? bruce a dragon . matthew so what happen ? do you have a real bad theme park experience as a kid and this be you revenge ? Bruce stop at a corner . bruce ( whisper ) be very , very quiet ... matthew ( whisper ) be you hunt wabbit ? Pan around the three and the camera peek around the corner to reveal a ..... giant animatronic Dragon . it be about thirty foot long , green with scale all the way down it 's long tail . it have wing in the back and it 's head be down low like it be sleep . smoke come out of it 's nostril as it groan . the eye slowly open and close and the head barely lift off the ground . the pink and blue light shine on it 's green skin to give it a surreal look . bruce ( whisper ) the room have sound sensor . if you wake it up , it breathes fire . matthew ( whisper ) you be one of that guy that play dungeon & dragon with real sword , be not you . saundra shhhh ! Bruce make he way across the room silently . Matthew try to go next . he stop and stare at the dragon . he then keep move . saundra go last . from the side of the wall , a trip wire extend out . she trip and fall . the dragon head rise . the roar be horrible . from the mouth start to breath fire like a flamethrower . Bruce rush back and pull saundra up forcefully . the heat be immense . they all three make it around the corner to a set of stair . Bruce rush they all up the stair . bruce ( scream over the burn sound ) keep move , keep move . Fire fill the last three or four step . it catch Bruce on the foot . he wince , but keep move . int . control room , murderland Zach hand over the five dollar bill back to johnny int . short hall , murderland - night this be a hallway that physically get smaller , it 's a perspective warp with black and white swirl paint . saundra how do we get out of this room ? bruce we wait . this be a elevator . matthew a elevator ? bruce yeah , we be about a hundred a fifty foot below the subway station . we be head a little higher up now . saundra ( to Bruce ) how 's you foot ? matthew ( imitate she ) " how 's you foot " ? this guy try to kill we and he put we in this place , and you want to know how he foot be ? bruce it 's fine thanks . matthew why do not you tell we a little about yourself ? bruce look pipsqueak , I be have a real bad day here and we be just start . the door the come in from open up and they exit . int . the sea of plastic ball , murderland - night the come into room that be about a hundred yard by a hundred yard and over a sixty foot tall . it 's dimly light , but there be million of small red , blue , and yellow plastic ball cover the floor . at the far end of the room be a jungle gym maze of padded wall that lead up to a exit at the top of the room . basically this be like a adult version of a McDonald 's playland . saundra now what the hell be we suppose to do ? bruce we have to climb up that . matthew that 's not to tough . bruce look ... Bruce point to the sea of plastic ball . as he do , eight foot tall nerf spike fly out of the ground . bruce ( cont 'd ) there 's enough force to push you twenty foot in the air . it will not kill you , but it will hurt . saundra you have issue . I mean you have some serious issue that need to be irone out . matthew issue ??? this guy have the damn subscription to every psychotic issue I have ever hear of . bruce that 's cute asshole . announcer let 's see if the lovely contestant can make it to the top in three minute ! a soundtrack start to play over the loud speaker a la american gladiator . Bruce start to run into the sea of plastic ball . the " run " end pretty quick . the ball be about five foot deep . Matthew and saundra dive in as well . they struggle to move in the plastic ball mess . a few of the nerf torpedoe launch around they . saundra that be close . Bruce be move along . Matthew start to try a swim motion . he start to really move fast along . matthew hey , try swim . it work . bruce what the fuck be you talk about . matthew swim , you know , like in water , moron . saundra start to do a swim motion and move along . saundra come on , it work . bruce give I a fuck ..... Bruce be cut off by a nerf projectile that launch he a few foot into the air . he land just ahead of Matthew . matthew you okay ? bruce ow ... the struggle through and get to the tower . Matthew get to the deck first & help saundra up . they both help pull Bruce out of the plastic Ball Ocean . bruce ( cont 'd ) we have to climb up this slide . they start up a slide and move forward . they get to another level up . announcer you have about sixty second ! the sound of a studio audience scream out in joy ( prerecord of course ) saundra hurry ! hurry ! they find a rope with knot in it . they start to climb it . one at a time . then more speedily they go into the nest level and find they have one more to go . matthew how do we get up to the top ? Bruce just stare for a moment . matthew what ? do not you remember ? you know everything else but this ? the Studio audience track be count down from ten second . bruce I remember ! here , here ! he climb around the outside of the play set & go around to the top . saundra follow , then Matthew . just as the countdown get to one , they get into the exit . int . SMALL hallway , murderland - night they wait by the door to the next room , until it open . int . subway station X , murderland - night this be a perfect mock up of a current day subway station in New York . Matthew be look at the sign that say men' room rather longingly . saundra be scoping the room out . bruce be stare forward . matthew this probably be not the bet time , but I really have to pee . can I pee ? bruce knock yourself out . matthew thanks ... he start for the Men 's room . bruce no ! just as Bruce yell for he , Matthew be shut into the Men 's room and the subway train arrive . the smoke and air rush in . saundra what do we do now ? johnny ( v.o. from p.a. ) why do not you get in ? the floor start to retract . Bruce get in & saundra reluctantly follow . int . subway men' room , murderland - night Matthew be stare around . the urinal be putrid . the stall emit a odor that keep he from crossing the room . he hold he nose . on the speaker , a muzak version of president of the United States song " lump " start to play . johnny ( v.o. from p.a. ) welcome to the Men 's room ! matthew I be a little self conscious here . I can not urinate if you be gonna be watch from the video camera . the toilet begin to flush automatically . the brown color water start to fill the floor . the room tip slightly toward they . Matthew start to slide a little . johnny ( v.o. from p.a. ) maybe you should get over fear . zach ( v.o. from p.a. ) well , Mr. parker it seem that you be not the wardrobe of choice tonight . I be quite confident that my tie be look better than yours . matthew ( beat , realize who 's voice it be ) you son of a bitch ! I know this be not about my parking ticket . zach ( v.o. from p.a. ) that water there be pipe in from the great toilet of the upper class . I hope you bring a snorkel . the ceiling begin to lower . Matthew stare longingly at the door . it 's lock . int . subway car , murderland - night Bruce hold on to the rail as this thing corner harshly . saundra keep lose she grip on the rail . saundra so where do this lead ? bruce no where . we have get about seven minute before this thing slam into a concrete wall . saundra so what do we do ? bruce I be work on it . saundra who the hell be you anyway ? what be this place ? bruce it 's call murderland . it 's pay for by first Bank . saundra first Bank ? but how ? bruce it 's a tax write off for John c. mccay . saundra mccay know ? bruce know ? he watch every " Guest " on tape . this whole place be here for he sick amusement . and no so be we . the light flicker out as they round another corner . int . subway men' room , murderland - night the ceiling be close , and so be the nasty brown water from the toilet . Matthew be stare in the mirror of the break , dirty mirror . he have give up . matthew I get it ! get over you fear . he stand next to a urinal . he unzip he fly . matthew ( cont 'd ) oh god , this be bad . int . control room , murderland johnny look he figure it out ! zach ( into microphone ) I can see you small business ! look at it it 's so small . int . subway men' room , murderland - night Matthew be try to pee . his eye be close . matthew I know that this might seem like the right time to come out of the closet , but believe I , it 's not . int . control room , murderland johnny be laugh and point at Zach who be fume and turn red . matthew ( on monitor ) unless of course the guy you with be you lover . by all mean let it out . start share the gay love . johnny stop laugh . he slam down on a switch . int . subway men' room , murderland - night the room tilt even more with a sudden jolt . Matthew look up surprised ! he 's peeing ! matthew ha ! yes yes yes ! as soon as he 's finish , a door open up on the wall . matthew cardinal rule , lovebird , once you start pee you can not stop . Matthew flush and run out the open door that open in the wall . int . subway , murderland - night Bruce have he eye close . saundra jump up . she go to the door and break the glass with she elbow . bruce what be you do ? saundra I be leave . she jump out . Bruce smile at this . he follow suit . int . control room , murderland johnny look at he monitor . he be so busy with Matthew he do not notice they jump . on the moniter , we see the empty subway hit the concrete wall at full speed , smash itself to piece . zach look ! look ! johnny shit , I forget about they . well , I guess the boss man be not as tough as I think . zach I do not know . maybe we should watch the tape to be sure . johnny you be pay the bill . int . subway tunnel , murderland - night saundra be walk ( limping may be more accurate ) back towards the station ( fake station anyway ) . Bruce be trail behind . bruce hey ! hey ! I be talk to you ! saundra what ? bruce you take a awful big risk back there . saundra look I do not even wanna know how I get in this mess . I just want out . it have nothing to do with I . bruce if you have not start boffing that weasel with a attitude , you would not be here . saundra I 'm not boffing matthew ! bruce then you do not give he any password of any kind ? saundra no ! I would not do that . bruce then he be not embezzle either be he ? saundra why would he ? his parent be rich . she start walk again . Bruce contemplate this . he vaguely remember the bank statement , but they do show that he have a lot of money before the wire transfer begin , long before he start work at the bank . Bruce run back over to she . int . room of tube , murderland - night Matthew walk into a room that have several tube of vary shape , color , & size , yet all be big enough for a person to climb into and crawl through . announcer ( over the speaker ) so many tube to get in , only one be the way out . matthew great .. great . be there any kind of hint or anything ? announcer ( beat , and over speaker ) pick with expediency ! the wall close in on he . matthew do not rush I or anything . Matthew frantically size up the ten or twelve tube . matthew Blue be my color . Matthew climb into the blue tube and crawl through it . as he crawl through it , the tube begin to shake a little , then spin . matthew ( cont 'd ) well be not this fun . he start to move a lot faster . then it begin to tip downward . matthew ohhhhhh shhhhhhittt ! int . landing room , murderland - night Matthew slide right into a fluffy pillow about ten foot long . Matthew look around the small room . he put he arm on the back of he neck and start to rub . matthew I be definitely go to see a chiropractor . a door slide like Star Trek open before he . a giant spotlight shine on Matthew . announcer ( from the new room ) okay driver ! start you engine ! Matthew slowly rise and look into the race track room . announcer remember not to touch the floor or else ... ( a giant buzzer sound ) you will get the shock of you life ! Matthew get into a smaller size race car . int . subway tunnel , murderland - night saundra be still walk ahead of Bruce . he be still limping & try to catch up . bruce so you be tell I you be set up ? I know something be wrong . saundra ( very sarcastic ) I be not listen . bruce hey ! I be still you best chance to get out of here alive . saundra you have be do a bang up job so far . right now Matt be probably dead and it 's you fault . Bruce stop in he track . int . control room , murderland johnny & Zach be review the tape . zach what 's Mr. parker do ? on the live feed monitor we see Matthew drive a miniature bumper car around a maze . johnny he 's drive . he can not step off or he will be electrocute and I have not open the maze up yet . he can not get out . a cell phone ring . johnny turn and look around . Zach remove the phone from he jacket pocket . zach ( into cell phone ) Zachary . JOHN c. mccay ( v.o. from phone ) Zach , my boy ! how be tonight adventure go ? zach good , sir . CUT to : int . JOHN c. mcay' kitchen - night John c. mccay be in a robe and drink wine from a nice glass . there be a beautiful woman in a maid 's outfit in the room . JOHN c. mccay ( into phone ) be it as good as I hope it be ? zach ( v.o. from phone ) better , sir . the maid approach Mr. mccay and start to kiss he neck . JOHN c. mccay ( to maid ) one moment dear ... ( she go down o.c . ) zach ( v.o. from phone ) Sir ? JOHN c. mccay ( into phone ) not you Zach . ( to maid ) remember , my wife be asleep upstairs , dear . ( back into phone ) Zach , be I gonna like what I see on this tape ? be it the grandest of all the Park 's tape ? int . control room , murderland - night Zach be loosen he tie . johnny be yawn . zach ( into phone ) yes sir . it will be the best of you collection , I assure you . JOHN c. mccay ( v.o. from phone ) fantastic ! a little faster sweetheart . zach Sir ? we be move they right along as fast as we can . JOHN c. mccay ( v.o. from phone ) have that tape on my desk tomorrow morning . ( sound of a groan ) first .... thing ... zach yes sir . try a little aspirin for that . the phone click off . Zach start to fold up he phone . johnny be that the Old man ? zach yes . I think he 's feel sick or something . johnny start to use the control to zoom on Matthew in the race car . on the moniter we see Matthew look very serious . int . bumper car maze , murderland - night Matthew be drive like a race car driver . he 's even make th engine noise himself . the car be make for a twelve year old , so Matthew 's knee be up against he chest . int . control room , murderland on the moniter we see saundra break out the door window and jump out . zach there ! there ! do you see ! they be still alive ! johnny I can see that but where ? int . tunnel , murderland - night saundra be still defiantly walk ahead of Bruce . bruce it will not take they that long to figure out we be not on the train when it wreck . saundra not listen ! bruce look , there 's another train . they will send it through here . you be fuck if you do not stop and listen to I . saundra I be listen . bruce at the subway station , we can get into a power duct that my little shit head of a assistant do not know about . int . control room , murderland johnny be work the board . johnny okay , I have get the other train come around now . int . tunnel , murderland - night Bruce stop . he hear the other train come . bruce shit , it 's too late . the other train 's come . you can hear the horn of the train from here . saundra any idea ? a door open up before they in the wall . bruce he find we already . let 's go . Bruce casually walk into the room . saundra walk in , frustrated . int . control room , murderland johnny ( into microphone ) think you have I there do not you Bruce ! just go to show that the tail can wag the dog . int . water tank room , murderland - night in what look like just a storeroom , Bruce try for the door . it 's lock . then the water start to pour in from ceiling . saundra what 's the trick here ? bruce we drow . saundra obviously , but what 's the way out ? bruce once the room deplete it 's oxygen , we have about 30 second , then a door open on the bottom over there . then we swim out . saundra how long till the room fill ? bruce I would say about thirty to forty minute . give or take a few . Bruce go over to the camera and pull it off by hand . int . control room , murderland the moniter go black . zach he 's get a real complex about be on camera , do not he ? int . water tank room , murderland - night Bruce be just look around . they be both bored . there 's nothing to do but wait . saundra so why this ? bruce Excuse I ? saundra why do you build this whole place ? bruce be this really the time ? saundra do you have something better to talk about ? bruce ( take a long moment ) I just graduate from m.i.t. in engineering . that 's when John mccay hire I . saundra he hire you to build this place ? bruce I be hire in and start to do the boring old work routine . I be originally bring in as a technical advisor . first Bank have sponsor my scholarship . int . bruce's office - day flashback scene . Bruce be young , clean shaven and in a suit . he have he own office & on he desk be the old game mousetrap , modify and work by itself . John c. mccay enter . mccay talk to Bruce with a smile on he face & motion for they to leave together . bruce ( v.o. ) I be ask to design something for Mr. mccay . I have no idea what it be . I though it be go to be a real amusement park . int . close subway tunnel - day through a door that have remain shut for many decade , Bruce & John C mccay enter the dark room with a late 1800 's or early 1900 's feel to it . bruce ( v.o. ) when I first see the abandon subway tunnel , I still have no idea what it be he want do . I start work on the park . int . subway tunnel under construction - day Bruce be toil away with the unfinish Main Street merry go round . there be a lot of construction worker hammer and put up wall . the wall be start to go up on all of the building and it be a preliminary version of Main Street . there be even a unfinish , unpaint castle . bruce ( v.o. ) this be when I find out the truth .... John mccay arrive with Zach . Bruce shake hand with Zach . bruce ( cont 'd ) they want a few change in the design . the merry go round begin to emit gunfire . bruce ( v.o. ) this be when they tell what it be really for . they say that the people that would be send down here would only be criminal , the scum of the world . int . control room , murderland - night the young Bruce be at the control . bruce ( v.o. ) I remember the first guest . he be a accountant that have rape he daughter . he go to trial with the best lawyer and get off . mccay use this as a opportunity . we nab he and put he in murderland . on the moniter we see a middle age exec wake up and get gun down . bruce ( v.o. ) this be how I get start . int . water tank room , murderland - night Bruce have he head down . bruce I be lure by all the money and I truly do convince myself that what I do be for justice . since then , mccay have want to put anyone he can down here . saundra but how do you know if the people be guilty ? bruce I do a very thorough background check . I go through police file , personel file , anything . saundra then how come Matt and I show up as guilty ? bruce it be there , clear as day . I see the computer record . Matthew have be feed wiring money to he personal account . ( beat ) I just know something be wrong . saundra so you may have be dupe this whole time . killing innocent people , that must make you feel ... , how do it feel ? bruce there be other thing too . they have everyone start take that psych test . do they make you take one ? saundra yeah , everyone have to when they get hire . bruce there 's more to it than try to see if you would steal from the company or if you would lie or cheat . saundra what do you mean ? bruce mccay have a lot money do into research psychological reaction to question that be seemingly unrelated , but reveal everything . like criminal impulse , homicidal impulse ..... the water be at the knee and rise . saundra and you believe that ? bruce I have since change my mind . I design this place , base on my belief that I be do what the legal system could not or would not do . mccay have the company buy the property and they pay the bill . it 's a tax write off . on the book everything look kosher . I have a office on 5th that I have not see in ten year . saundra do not anyone notice all the people miss ? bruce this be New York . no one notice anyone . not even when someone disappear . at first it be the guy who be catch try to steal mccay 's jag . then it be dirty accountant that try to walk away with million . the Old man get such a rush from it , I think that he would start try to send I people who use the copier after hour . saundra how can you just take a life ? I mean it 's a life , life be so precious . how do it feel ? bruce what do you do with the company , if I might ask ? saundra I be in charge of the conversion . ( beat ) when first Bank busy another smaller bank , I be in charge of convert they to we system and way of do thing . bruce so when you take that job away last October from the mid West Central , and that guy kill himself , how do it make you feel ? Bruce start to circle she . the water be to they waist now . saundra ( very surprised that he know ) I ... I ..... bruce you do not think about it do you ? I read you file . it say you have a nervous breakdown . saundra I want to let he family know .... bruce know what ? that it be you fault ? saundra it be not my fault . I be just part of a team . I be do my job ... bruce so be I . so do not give I any shit . you business be just as bad . at least I be up front about it . you kill people slowly . you corporate take over can decimate a family livelihood over a year sometimes two . now you know how it feel . saundra just turn away and face the wall . int . control room , murderland johnny be finish off a bag of chip , pour they straight into he mouth from the bag . zach that be repugnant . you have the habit of a goat . johnny <> zach ach ! how will you know if they have make it ? johnny the room will fill to the top , then if they wind up in the next room , they live , if not , they be dead . int . water tank room , murderland - night the water be up to they neck . bruce just remember , hold you breath as long as you can . then go right over to that corner . the door will open and go in and up . saundra okay . the water be go over they head now . Bruce take a deep breath and go under . saundra hold out till the last possible second . this thirty second be the longest of they life . the pressure on they lung be enormous . just when the panic begin to set in , the door open . Bruce push saundra through then follow through . int . exit room , murderland - night saundra rise to the surface and gasp for air . Bruce come up and do the same . saundra you okay ? bruce Fine ... int . control room , murderland johnny shit they make it . he hand over another five dollar bill to Zach . zach thank you very much . johnny ( into microphone ) goddamn it Bruce , you have cost I about thirty dollar so far . int . exit room , murderland - night Bruce look up at the video camera . it 's too high up to hit . he scorn . johnny ( over the p/a ) why do not you just stop fuck around and just die ! bruce I be sick of play . I have get a better idea . Bruce walk under the camera . he motion for saundra to follow . he open a panel off of the wall . in there be a small service tunnel . Inside be a shotgun and two pistol . he hand she a pistol . int . control room , murderland on the moniter we see Bruce re-enter the frame . johnny I think I lose you there for a second boss man . on the moniter we see Bruce raise the shotgun and aim it directly at the camera . johnny uh , oh . johnny drop the bag of chip . on the moniter we see the screen go blank . johnny uh oh . int . exit room , murderland - night bruce if we can get to through the next room , we will be at a junction for a power grid . saundra let 's go . they go through the door . int . miniature manhattan , murderland - night this be the room that have a 1/100th scale of Manhattan Island . it 's night and storming . there be little robotic car that honk horn and even little voice of cab driver cursing at they . saundra this be cute . bruce yeah , real cute . the storm be fake , but the lighten be real . saundra okay Mr inventor , how do we avoid it ? bruce you do not . it 's random , there no trick . saundra great ... they start to move through the city . int . control room , murderland zach okay , I have five that say this be it for they . johnny I think I will see hat action . int . miniature manhattan , murderland - night Bruce move fast in between the building . saundra follow behind . lighten be strike at 7 or 8 second burst throughout . the voice of the cab and car be hear . saundra where be we go ? bruce the Brooklyn Bridge . they run in between the building . a bolt hit right between they . there be even fake thunder sound . the keep truck forward . Bruce trip on a car and hit the ground . saundra tug at he hand . saundra get up ! keep come . come on ! Bruce get up and go . they be hold hand as they push onward . int . control room , murderland johnny be not that touch . he press a button . johnny ( into microphone ) be not that cute ! on the moniter we see a bolt hit right on Bruce . saundra lose she grip on he hand . he go down . int . miniature manhattan , murderland - night saundra go back for Bruce . saundra come on , get up ! you can make it . Bruce start to stir . it be not a direct hit , but more than a small shock . his arm be steaming from the singe . bruce okay , just stop yell . he groggily get up . int . control room , murderland zach give I my five back . int . miniature manhattan , murderland - night Bruce and saundra make it to the Brooklyn Bridge . they go into the half height exit door that 's there . int . control room , murderland Zach be hold onto he five dollar bill . zach so what 's next ? no one 's ever make it this far before . johnny he 's get two chice . either it 's the bowl alley from Hell or Alice in murderland . see this ? even Bruce know that no one can make it out of here in one piece . he finger a moniter . there be a map that have the entire maze list on the screen next to it . johnny be the fair guy that he be , Bruce design this place so that there be one solution to every room . if you can make it through all thirty room , you live . no one 's make it past seven till now . int . racetrack , murderland - night Matthew be still drive like a madman . he look very sleepy . another automated car bump into he from behind , give he a jolt . announcer ( over p.a. ) you must come in first place to move on ! matthew Jesus , my leg be asleep . I will never be able to win this shit . more of the other miniature car race past he . matthew I should have play more nintendo racing game . he floor it and get into the race again . int . alice in murderland , murderland - night this be a room with astro turf for grass and three giant fake tree . there 's a long dining table set up with plate and desert . this room look like movie set and the paper machete decoration on the wall add to it . Bruce & saundra enter . there be a murmure of deep voice . the light brighten on the tree . they begin to come to life & speak . the tree have face & the speak like the tree from the wizard of Oz . tree # 1 hey buddy , you get a light ? tree#2 you can not smoke asshole , you will catch fire ! tree # 3 awe , let he smoke , what I need be a little piece of ass ! saundra laugh at the arguement that the tree be have . Bruce start to walk toward the table . tree#2 what be you go to do ? leaf fuck he ? you have get no genital ! you be a Tree ! get it ? tree # 1 you just stop that or I will ...... at this point a gas be emitted from the tree . tree#2 oh God ! that smell downright rank ! tree # 3 yikes , I should not have have that taco ! the other tree let 's loose a yellow gas from the leave . saundra begin to cough and gasp . Bruce do to , then he run over to the dinner table . bruce Quick , drink this ! he hand she a cup of tea from the table . saundra I do not get it . bruce it 's poison gas , this be the antidote . drink it . tree#2 you guy disgust I ! tree # 1 he hee hee hee hee . tree # 3 hey , pull my branch ! tree # 1 hee hee hee hee heeh hee / saundra drink the tea & then Bruce take a swig . bruce come on let 's get out of here . int . hallway , murderland - night Bruce stop saundra . bruce here . help I get the panel off . they tear at the wall piece and it come off . Bruce see the power box . bruce ( cont 'd ) get back ! Bruce pull out the shotgun and fire it . all the light go out . int . control room , murderland over half the monitor go out . the grid of the entire murderland have over half go out . johnny what the ... ? zach what happen ? johnny the power go out in half the park . zach how can this happen ? johnny I do not know . I think that a power grid just need reset . do not get you panty in a bunch . I will go down and reset it . zach go in there ? what if Bruce find you ? johnny yeah , right . he 's stick all the way over here johnny point on the map of the park on a monitor . johnny he will never make it to the main power grid . that two be way over here ... ( point to another area ) I will be over here try to get the power back up . it will only take a few minute . johnny get a flashlight and a pistol . int . mini car race track , murderland - night Matthew be sit in he miniature bumper car in the dark . none of the other car be move and only the emergency light be on . matthew hey ! hey ! what happen ? he throw he helmut on the floor . nothing happen . matthew no gut no glory . of course without any gut , I would have a hard time keep my food down . he reach out and touch the floor real fast . he flinch . nothing happen . matthew electrocuted my ass ! he start to walk around the race track . int . hallway , murderland - night Bruce and saundra be run through the now powerless hall in the dark . saundra do you know where you be go ? bruce yes . we hear a thud . saundra what be that ? bruce ( painfully ) girder , watch you head . we hear a door open . then a flashlight illuminate the hall . bruce ( cont 'd ) here , we can take this service tunnel straight to the end . no one know about this but I . it will lead you out to Central Park , and I will take care of my # 2 . they go into the long service tunnel . it 's about 100 foot ahead and look like just a brick tunnel where workmen would walk . int . racetrack , murderland - night Matthew get over to the wall where a barely visible door be . with the partition , he never would have be able to make it to this part if the floor be still electrify . Matthew boldly open the door and peek in . the door slam right back at he . he jump in a panic . there be a hallway with emergency light on . matthew well now Mr. helper , I like the look of this . he go in . there be two tunnel . he take the one on the right . int . old west town sheriff' office , murderland - night from the ceiling , a hatch open , johnny look around . the power be barely on . only the emergency light be on . he climb down . this be a all wooden simulate sheriff 's office circa 1865 . johnny see something out the window ( he 's on the second floor ) . int . old west town STREET , murderland - night Matthew walk into the enormous room that appear to be a small section of a Old West town . there be a saloon , a General store , a stable , and at the far end to he right be the sheriff 's Station . the light be come from the light fixture in the ceiling . this area still have full power . the ceiling be about sixty foot up and simulate high noon . there be even a wind machine blow dust and tumble weed back and forth across the street . matthew ( to himself ) what the hell will he think of next ? Matthew stand at the center of the town and see the stable at he end of the right side . int . old west town stable , murderland - night Matthew walk in cautiously and see a animatronic horse . Matthew see a water fountain and take a sip . int . old west town alley , murderland - night from the wall of a building open the secret passage . out come Bruce and saundra . they be quiet as can be . int . old west town sheriff office , murderland - night johnny check the clip in he pistol . johnny ( to the gun ) let 's kill we some weasel . johnny exit through the front door . int . old west town stable , murderland - night Matthew start to stare at the fake , unmove horse . matthew ( in a mock cowboy voice ) steady ! steady ! he laugh to himself . int . old west town STREET , murderland - night johnny turn around when he hear the voice . he cock he pistol and start to move quickly and silently to the stable . int . old west town alley , murderland - night first saundra & Bruce turn at the voice , then johnny walk right by they . Bruce take out he shotgun and follow . int . old west town STREET , murderland - night johnny get to the door to the stable . he very slowly raise he pistol . from johnny 's Pov we see , he take he time aim at Matthew . matthew ( mock mister Ed voice ) wilbur , I have a itch on my ass , can you scratch it ? wi wi wi wi wilbur ! more laugh . int . old west town STREET , murderland - night Bruce see johnny about to shoot . bruce ( o.c . ) it 's not polite to stare . c.u. of johnny 's eye go wide . super duper fast - johnny swing and go low , shoot off the pistol at Bruce . Bruce fire off a round from the shot gun . they both miss each other . int . old west town stable , murderland - night Matthew drop to the ground . matthew ( petting the leg of the horse ) I be sorry Mr. Ed ! I be sorry Mr. Ed ! int . old west town STREET , murderland - night a showdown be in progress . johnny be behind a water trough fire he pistol at Bruce . Bruce be behind a beam post of a building . johnny where 's you get the gun boss man ? Bruce be silent . he start to reload . johnny I think that you say we be at the start of trust . johnny fire off several round at Bruce . johnny then duck into the saloon . Bruce follow , fire at he as he go . the shotgun be empty . he drop it in the road and enter the saloon . int . old west town stable , murderland - night Matthew pop he head out into the street . no one there . int . old west town SALOON , murderland - night Bruce enter . no one there . this place have a piano , a bar , and the chandelier and about twelve table and match chair , all follow the 1965 motif . from behind the bar , johnny pop up and start to fire - two hand John woo style with a nine millimeter and a .45 . Bruce go to the ground and roll over , fire from a pistol . Glass bottle and the mirror behind johnny shatter , he go back down behind the bar . int . old west town STREET , murderland - night Matthew walk wearily by . saundra get behind he from the alley . she tap he on the shoulder . matthew Jesus Christ ! I be just a temp for Christ sake ! saundra shut up ! it 's I . matthew I think I be very quickly get over my phobia of public urination . saundra what ? matthew nothing . the shot can easily be hear go off int he saloon . int . old west town SALOON , murderland - night it 's a stalemate so far . johnny give it up Bruce . you can work the park better , but I be the better shot . you know it . Bruce think for a second . he know it 's true . then he get a idea . he start to crawl away . johnny why do not you take some of this ? johnny get up and start fire away at the floor where Bruce be . he 's so busy fire he do not notice . he finish up and see a empty floor . bruce ahem .... Bruce be stand next to he with a gun to johnny 's temple . johnny just close he eye in disappointment . bruce ( cont 'd ) turn you head a little more to the leave . johnny turn away from Bruce . then johnny slap the gun from he , and kick he in the crotch . johnny then bolt out the front door . int . old west town STREET , murderland - night johnny run past Matthew and saundra in terror . he go around the building into the alley and through one of the passage . Bruce come out . matthew be it over ? bruce ( scrunchy with pain ) almost . look , you two get out of here . matthew where ? bruce in the jail cell be a spiral staircase . it lead to the surface . take it all the way up . saundra what about you ? bruce there 's one more person here for I to visit . matthew it 's that asshole Zach be not it ? saundra Zach from work ? bruce he 's the liaison for mccay . listen go . go now . matthew do not have to tell I twice . Matthew start run to the sheriff 's office . saundra just stop it . end it here . bruce it will end . it will end with he and mccay . then the park shut down . permanently . the both go to the sheriff 's office . Bruce follow johnny 's trail . int . control room , murderland - night Zach see nothing go on and decide to investigate . Zach climb down the ladder into ... int . old west town STREET , murderland - night as he climb down the ladder ..... Matthew and saundra see Zach first . they stop completely . Zach get all the way to the bottom before he see they . saundra ( clear she throat ) ahem . Zach turn and see they . saundra pick up a piece of wood from the wreckage of the saloon . zach might I suggest we ... matthew kick you ass ? do not mind if I do ( get ready to punch he ) zach no ! saundra belt he with the wood and Matthew punch he fiercely . Zach manage to get up and run into one of the hall . int . vietnam jungle , murderland - night johnny be cower next to a tree . it be very , very dark in here . it 's not at all clear where we be . suddenly , the light flicker back to life . like a tape be slowly turn back on , the sound effect of the room be that of a jungle and helicopter . the light come back full on to reveal a fake jungle set . there be a constant loop of Robert duvall from " apocolypse now " scream " I just love the smell of napalm in the morning ! " explosion begin to be set off randomly in every direction . johnny start to run and Bruce appear before he in the fake creek in the center of the room . johnny stop dead still . after a moment of size each other up , johnny pull out a knife menacingly . Bruce reveal a knife from he boot . then he calmly and slowly approach johnny . johnny time to bitch slap the boss . ( attempt a stab ) come on , bitch . Bruce just step up and slice into johnny 's arm . johnny muther fucker ! int . cubicle of the damned , murderland - night Zach limp into what appear to be a office in disarray . he see the light flicker on and off . it 's hard to say that this intentional or not . as he pass a fax machine , it shoot out little white tube ( just like the old cylinder that fax paper use to be wrap on ) . he trip and fall . his glass fly off of he head . Matthew come in behind he . so do saundra . matthew this be fitting . the Offices of the damned . this be as good as any place for you to die , you pond suck piece of shit . Zach back away from the ratty look pair . announcer ( v.o. from p.a. ) uh , oh ! it 's the boss ! as the voice be hear , saundra push Matthew to the floor . from the big dark office behind Zach come a animatronic John c. mccay ( very realistic look ala Hall of president ) on wheel , hold a machine gun . Zach turn in time to see it as it spray he full of bullet hole . JOHN c. mccay ( animatronic pre record voice , with no lip move ) you be fire ! you be fire ! you be fire ! the animatronic John c. mccay recede back into the office on it 's roller . saundra remain on the floor look at Matthew , who check he own body for hole . matthew be you okay ? any hole ? I mean aside from the one 's that nature give you ? saundra I be fine . they both get up and look at the bloody lifeless corpse of Zach on the floor . matthew another bad tie ... they both walk out of the room back to the Old West . int . vietnam jungle , murderland - night Bruce have johnny in a head lock and be choke he to death . johnny get a hand loose and slam it backwards into Bruce 's gut . johnny be now loose and hit Bruce in the head . johnny ( still a little raspy voice from the choke ) you think I be that easy , bitch ? bruce ( casually ) for once in you life , shut the fuck up . Bruce land a punch in johnny 's face , disorient he . it 's all he need . a series of deadly blow to the head and stomach . johnny go down face first into the creek . Bruce then take out he knife and slam it into the back of johnny 's neck . bruce if I have know this be what it take to shut you up , I would have do it a year ago . int . old west town sheriff' office , murderland - night Matthew be in the jail cell . he find the spiral staircase and start up . Bruce go to the open access tunnel that johnny leave open . saundra start up the spiral stair . saundra hey matty , do not wait for I or anything . matthew I be think maybe we should try this dinner thing again , but maybe the epcot version will be open by then .... ext . central park - night a manhole open and put come Matthew & saundra . matthew sweet Jesus I never dream I would be glad to see Central Park at night . saundra we make it ! Long beat saundra ( look in every direction ) what now ? matthew I want to go to sleep for about a month . saundra no , idiot . where do we go now ? matthew ( look around too ) where be we ? as they both turn to see where they be , a group of about six gang member all surround Matthew & saundra . matthew I do not suppose any of you know how to get to Park West from here ? the gang leader , because of he afro , let 's call he kareem , 22 and very mean look African american . kareem ( calm and serene ) wallet . now . saundra we do not have anything . kareem wrong answer . ( brandish a gun ) I think you better become less fiscally challenge . matthew ( whisper ) it never rain , but it pour . kareem ( yell ) what the fuck do you just say , whitey !?! be you comment on my afro , muther fucker ? I be sick and tired of lining the man 's wallet . matthew stick it to the man be what I always say . ( everyone stop and stare at Matthew ) no , I be just say what a shitty night we be have . it be nothing to do with you hair style or you ( kareem put the gun in mmatthewsmouth ) mmmmmm hmmmm kareem that 's much better . now wallet . ya will white folk think you can talk shit to I and I gotsta take it . bruce ( o.c. ) now I should have do that hour ago . everyone turn to see Bruce hold a shotgun in he right hand and a pistol in the leave . kareem this be not none of you bidness , man . you be distracting we from a financial transaction bruce I be sorry , be this distracting ? ( move in closer to two of the thug ) what about this ? Bruce whacks two of the guy in a blink , then fire off at the remainder as they go run back into the tree . bruce that 's much better . just we . kareem keep the gun on Matthew . he be disturb and panic on the inside . bruce what do you say you take the gun out of he mouth and then put it on the ground ? then I will let you limp away from this experience . kareem size this up . kareem okay . bruce slowly ! kareem very slowly put the gun on the ground . bruce now turn around . hand on you head . kareem comply . Bruce then slam the but of the shotgun into the back of he head . matthew thanks a lot . I always want to know what it be like to see my life flash before my eye for the one hundredth time tonight . saundra ( to Bruce ) come to the rescue again I see . bruce let 's roll . we have about three quarter of a mile to the edge of the park . they will be come back full force and one shotgun be not gonna scare off all of they . it will be daylight soon too . they start to trot to the path . ext . edge of central park - dawn Matthew and saundra get to the street and both stop in exhaustion . they almost fall to the ground . matthew I get the real man 's workout tonight do not I ? ( look around ) where do he go ? saundra spin around too . saundra he be right behind I ! matthew who be that guy anyway ? ext . first bank , new york CITY - day Business as usual . people come and go . corporate America at it 's finest . int . penthouse suite , first bank - day John C mccay enter from the private elevator . he go by the video view room . the t.v. be on . he walk by , then back up . he go in . int . video viewing room , first bank - day he see the tape of last night adventure in the park . JOHN c. mccay Zach , my boy ? he see the image from the prior night . he see Bruce and the other run through the foosball field . JOHN c. mccay oh my this be better than we think it would be . I tell you ol ' Bruce would be the man if we put he in there ! bruce that 's what I think . Bruce be there in the Police uniform . he punch John c. mccay in the back of the head and then inject he with a syringe . fade to black int . MAIN STREET murderland fade in . John C mccay hear the sound of the theme music over the PA announcer welcome to murderland ! and here 's scrap the official mascot for murderland . scrap take he shot from the tommy gun . John c. mccay run he old fat ass toward the entrance that say " fantasy land " . he barely dodge the bullet as he make it into the room . int . fantasy land , murderland - day the room be like a cartoon , a cartoon live room where all the object be ten time bigger than they should be . the wall be about 100 foot straight up and there be blue / white wall paper up , also of enormous size . the floor be like giant carpet with a blue shag and even a afghan on the blue , 30 foot tall couch . in front of the couch be a twenty foot tall coffee table . mccay run forward towards the other side of the room , the mouse hole be the exit . a giant vacuum cleaner begin to chase he . he duck around a leg of the table . the vacuum continue on past he . JOHN c. mccay be this the best you can do , Bruce ? int . control room , murderland - day we see Bruce 's silhouette in front of the moniter . his hand work the control silently . we can see mccay on the monitor and a diagram of the room on another . JOHN c. mccay ( from the moniter ) do you think I do not learn anything from watch all that tape ? int . fantasy land , murderland - day John C mccay be laugh a little and he breath be labor . he see the vacuum at the other side of the enormous room turn back around . JOHN c. mccay even I can out run this thing . he start to walk a little away from under the table . a giant iron fall from on top of the huge table . as mccay take another step he get crush by the giant clothing utensil . the vacuum circle the table leg . fade to black insert : two week later int . first bank , 44 th floor - day saundra be at the water cooler , get a drink . Matthew walk up to she . matthew hey good lookin ' ! what ' cha get cookin ' ? saundra hey buddy . you okay ? matthew of course I be . I feel the testosterone coursing through my vein . ( pause ) now that I have get the stitches remove from my arm and the chiropractor fix my back . he press down on the water button and nothing happen . he hit it and hurt he hand . matthew ( cont 'd ) ow. Son of a ..... ( do a " I be in pain dance " ) do I ever tell you my theory on Star Wars as porn ? saundra no . matthew well , I think if you take several line out of context , Star Wars become a very sexual movie . I mean listen to this . ( mock the character ) " luke , at that speed will you be able to pull out in time ? " or " you come in that thing ? you be brave than I think " . a executive in a $ 1,000 three piece suit walk up and smoothly get the cup full of water . he then turn to face saundra , and have he back to Matthew . bruce Excuse I , son . you be not discuss a sexual topic on company time here be you ? Matthew do not recognize or see he at all . as far as he 's concerned , he think it 's another exec . saundra do not notice who it be at first , but do a double take and she jaw go to the floor as she see that it be Bruce . matthew ( very nervous and not recognize Bruce ) no sir . I be just get , well you know . Water . we be not talk about sex or anything else except Star Wars . just say hello . I think I be gonna go now . saundra why do not you shut up now . matthew I be go to go ahead and go now . Matthew back away and start to go back to he cube . Matthew trip over a trash can . after a beat , Matthew straighten up and attempt to salvage the microbe of dignity he have . another beat and he walk away . saundra what be you do here ? bruce I work here , remember ? saundra that be eleven year ago . bruce well , surprise , surprise , I have be on the payroll for several year now . I still have a office and secretary . no one even bat a eyelash . do you realize what the high turnover be in a multi corporation bank in New York ? saundra apparently pretty high , we just get a new ceo last week . bruce that 's a shame . saundra yeah a real shame . bruce well , I will see you at the next staff party . saundra bye .... Bruce walk into a crowd of people wishing a happy birthday to a co worker . Bruce shake she hand then move around the corner . saundra watch he go and just stare . then she turn and go back to work herself . fade to black end credit the end