black snake moan written by Craig brewer only one kind of blue ... and that consist between male and female . - Son House ext . ronnie' trailer - early dawn rae be naked . wrapped around she shoulder be a loose - knit spread that conceal she slender form . she be in she 20' : a strawberry blond , with cinnamon freckle spot across she pale skin . she be beautiful without try . she stare at the distant tree . this be the South ; the small town of fisherville , tennessee . soon rae will be alone . CUT to : int . ronnie' trailer - early morning ronnie be 25 year old . his hair be cropped in a military issue buzz . rae 's face be wet with tear as ronnie gently make love to she . she touch he face and sob like a child . CUT to : int . ronnie' trailer - later that morning ronnie be dress in he National Guard fatigue , pack up he gear . rae be now wear a short jeans skirt and a T-shirt with a gray wolf print irone on the front . there be a knock at the door . rae flinch . ronnie open the door revealing gill morton , ronnie 's buddy from high school . gill still need a lift ? ronnie yeah . transmission 's shot . gill and rae 's eye meet . gill see that rae be cry . gill gonna have a smoke . ronnie shut the door and feel a wave of sudden nausea . he rush past rae . ronnie shit ... int . ronnie' trailer - bathroom - morning ronnie be vomit into the toilet as rae rub he head . each painful dry heave make rae comfort he more . rae baby ... ext . ronnie' trailer - morning ronnie place he duffle bag in gill 's truck . rae begin to cough . gill you sick ? rae do not answer . gill back away , allow ronnie and rae some privacy . the two lover stare into each other eye and then embrace . rae peek over ronnie 's shoulder at gill with a expression of dread . anger seize she . rae this be not gonna work . ronnie rae ... rae I do not see why we gotta lie ' bout it when you and I know this be not gonna work . ronnie ( hold she face in he hand ) rae do not do this now ... rae it 's stupid ... it 's so fuck stupid ! ronnie rae ! silence . rae melt . tear stream down she face . ronnie ( reach in he pocket ) look it . I get something ' for we . this be gonna help , okay . gill you gonna miss you bus . ronnie remove a small digital watch and fasten it around she wrist . ronnie this watch here be gonna beep at midnight . every night . that 's when it come up on you the hardest , right ? ronnie hold out he own wrist to show she he identical watch . ronnie and wherever I be at , my watch will beep , too . we will be thinkin ' bout each other at the same time . wherever we be . rae be shaking . he grip she by the back of she neck and push they face inch away . Eye to eye . ronnie I gotta believe we can do this or I be not gonna make it , rae . rae see the fear in he eye . she swallow she own anxiety and nod . rae okay ... okay . they kiss passionately . ronnie I love you . afraid of he swell emotion , ronnie quickly break away from she . rae watch as she love leave in gill 's pick -up . compel to follow , she absently walk after the truck , down the gravel drive . she stop . silence . she be alone . a intense wave of sorrow hit , like a kick to she gut . she gasp for breath as she struggle to hold back the flood of she tear . rae drop to she knee , right there in the gravel drive . her hair fall in front of she face , mask she grief . her shoulder shudder . her middle finger begin to scratch at she thigh repeatedly -- a nervous habit that have always accompany this burn sensation that consume she . rae shit . tear come to she . she 's not go to be able to stop it . rae goddammit , ronnie ... ( shouting in frustration ) goddammit ! rae be grip the watch around she wrist for comfort . her breathe be already out of she control . the dizziness be already upon she . the familiar burn . she inhale in gasp , rock back and forth on she knee . the late morning cicadas chirp in a undulate frenzy . rae ( shaking she head ) mm-mm ( meaning " no " ) mm-mm ... mm-mm ... the scratch at she leg leave a red mark . she be dizzy with anxiety . her tooth be clench , she face be flush . rae mm-mm ! mm-mm ! mmmmmmmmmmmm ! CUT to : int . motel room - afternoon tehronne be fuck rae from behind . tehronne be a muscular , dark -skin , black male in he late twenty . rae 's face be cramme up against the mirror in the small bathroom . tehronne get faster and push harder -- a stark contrast to she lovemake with ronnie . rae come . a severe cough fit hit she . she push he away with she ass . rae we be do , right ? CUT to : ext . fisherville square - afternoon walk with he hand shove deep into he pocket , wear he only suit and tie , be lazarus wood ( laz ) . he be in he late fifty , black , a strong face under he old fedora . he stare across the street into Dunn 's Cafe . rose wood , black , early forty , stand in the cafe . she look confident and resolute in she new green skirt . a brown Delta old pull up into a parking space in front of laz . stepping out be reverend r.l. , laz 's longtime friend . he be also black and in he late fifty . r.l. you be not gonna make a fuss , be you ? ( no answer ) nothing a man can do when a woman make up she mind . lazarus I never laid a hand on she in anger . not a day . not even when I 's drinkin' . but this business get I wonderin ' what a good shake and slap would do for she . r.l. that kind of talk be between we . do not you go in there with that shit on you tongue . lazarus I do not start this , r.l. laz try to stop he lip from quivering : the man be hurt . r.l. you wanna pray with I ' fore you go in ? laz ? ( r.l. touch laz 's arm and bow he head ) heavenly Father ... CUT to : int . dunn' cafe - afternoon r.l. 's prayer be hear as laz open the front door to the cafe . he look ill . each step be painful . r.l. ( v.o. ) we do not question you divine plan for we , oh God . but in this time , when we spirit lie in shadow . when we be lose . laz cross to Rose 's booth -- the distance seem to stretch out into eternity . r.l. ( v.o. ) we ask that you give we strength . give we strength that surpass all understanding . in you name we pray . amen . laz sit across from he wife . rose can not remember the last time I see you in that suit . lazarus you mother 's funeral . I 's a pallbearer , remember ? the waitress be kind and twangy as she ask for they order . waitress can I start you both off with some coffee ' fore I take you order ? rose we will not be stayin ' long . coffee will be fine . the waitress leave . the sound of the cafe fill the silence . rose we leavin ' this weekend . deke get a friend in mobile gonna get he a job at the water company ... lazarus ( interrupt ) if you come to talk about that muthafucka , I be gonna get up and leave you sittin ' pretty in that new suit he buy 'cha . rose think this about money still , ya old fool ? lazarus say what you gotta say , but I be not gonna hear you speak he name to I . not never . you hear ? rose how many time we be over this , laz ? how many time ? the waitress place the coffee between they and leave . rose think we be gonna be friendly about this . lazarus carryin ' on behind my back . make I out to look like a fool to all we people . tell I , what 's friendly about that ? rose I be not ready to grow old , laz. livin ' with you . I feel it . like I be one foot in the dirt . saw it happen to my momma . and that 's not gonna happen to I . I get live to do . lazarus and you gonna live it with he ? Rose do not answer . lazarus soften , touch she hand . lazarus Rose . folk get sick . but you do what you can to get on the mend . we marriage ... it just get sick . that 's all . rose talk to I about sick . ai not be right since I move into that drafty house . lazarus I keep the heat on . rose that damned , rusty , radiator , bout burn the skin off my leg each time I pass . lazarus kept we warm for twelve year . it 's over . laz have lose she for good . rose I deserve better than this . lazarus better and I ? rose better than what you give . lazarus Rose ... please ... rose laz ... you can not say nothin ' ... lazarus if we get with a counselor . at the church , maybe they 's ... rose ( the final interruption ) I do not love ya no more . the word be dagger . laz be wounded beyond concealment . Rose pick up she purse , prepare to leave . rose I be sorry you hurtin' . but , like I say , this the only life I got. ( wait for he to respond ) I say my piece . she stand and attempt to walk away . laz grip she tightly by the wrist . lazarus God forgive you , for how you do I ... rose let go ... lazarus my daddy tell I that a young woman would bleed I dry . and that 's what you do . ya ble I . rose let go of my arm ... lazarus would 'a chop my arm off if you ask . and this how you do I ! rose laz , I say let ...! lazarus you better pray , gal . you better pray ... rose ( yank free ) do not you lay a curse on I ! the whole cafe be silent . all eye be on Rose . rose ( to customer ) yeah , go 'on ! look ! see if I give a shit about any of you people ! and she 's go , right out the front door . CUT to : int . motel room - afternoon tehronne be take he time hang he ice around he neck and wrist as he stand shirtless before the mirror . rae be lie on the bed . rae you get any money ? tehronne think you have a man for that . rae ( a heavy cough ) I say we be not gonna talk about he . tehronne what we just do , you askin ' for money , make a man stop . I be not callin ' you no ho . but I be not gonna be play like no trick , neither . remember ... you call I . rae save that hustle talk to they field baller you sell crack to . tehronne what would I tell you ? ( kick the bed ) I do not do none of that shit no more . I be in communication now . rae stolen phone card and two - way be what you sayin' . rae start cough . tehronne mobile technology be the new fix for this niggaz , I be tellin ' you . I be just lookin ' ahead . ( take out he wallet ) anyway , be not no money in drug no more with this redneck pop cough pill like they 's skittles . hey , that 's what you need , girl . get you some cough medicine . what , you sick ? rae just a cough . sugar and a spoonful of Jack will do it . tehronne ( take out money ) alright . how much you need , ho ? rae the hell you call I ? tehronne eh , if the bootie fit ... tehronne catch rae 's wrist as she go to slap . he quickly yank she arm behind she back and bend she backwards , shove he face close to she own . he grip the money in a fist and cock it to punch -- all in jest . tehronne you gonna get rough ? be that what you doin ' ? rae 's chest begin to heave with deep breath . tehronne look down at she leg as she anxiously rub they together . tehronne ( shake he head ) I swear , I see some buck - wild bitch in my time , but you the illest I ever see . rae get control of the burn . she take the money . rae just get a cough . CUT to : ext . fisherville square - day rae be prancing up the walkway on the square . two young man dress for construction pass rae . man it 's already noon , rae . you think that skirt should still be on ? rae ( flip they off ) if it be not you could kiss my rebel cootch , ya faggot . the man keep walk as rae cough . she turn toward the fisherville grocery . sandy cough drop or condom ? rae stop in she track , look up at she estrange mother , sandy , smoking a cigarette outside the grocery store . Sandy have bleach hair with dark root . she be in she late - forty : once a sexy girl , now she 's lose all she tread . rae ( surprised to see she ) do not know you be workin ' here now ? sandy I just like dressin ' up in this goddamn blue vest . ( take a drag ) you money ticket get ship today ? rae walk away -- deeply affect by Sandy 's presence . sandy ( call after she ) you let I know if I can be of any assistance . CUT to : ext . melvine feed store - day laz drive a old green Ford pick -up . he pull the truck up to the front of the feed store and kill the engine . lincoln , a 13 - year - old black boy , come out of the open load door . lincoln you will not at the square this mornin' . lazarus get I ten bag of mulch . lincoln yes'sir . lincoln run off . laz yank off he black tie . ext . melvine feed store - later lincoln slap the last bag of mulch into the bed of laz 's truck . laz hand lincoln a twenty . lazarus keep the change on that . lincoln naw ... I get it , Mr. lazarus . ( make change ) you wanna tip I , best do it in butter bean . momma say she need a bag 'a yours , none of that store - buy junk . that 's what she say . laz smile . he take the change . climb in he truck . lazarus alright , lincoln . you come on by , I will load you up . CUT to : ext . lazarus' barn - late day lazarus steer he tractor toward he small home in a sea of lush green kudzu . he kill the engine and look beyond the nose of he tractor . he light a cigarette . below the nose be the head of a rise garden with a paint sign under it : Rose 's rose . laz inhale smoke and exhales hate . the tractor lunge forward , trample the garden , rip the flower to shred . CUT to : int . bojo be - early evening mayella be a heavy , forty - year - old black woman . her blue neon tube top match she short pants stretch across she healthy ass . she be flipping through the juke box selection . mayella you gonna put some luther vandross in here ? shit , he black be not he ? bojo be read a paper behind the bar . he 's short and stout , look like a sad bull dog . bojo he black alright , he just be not blue . mayella why you stop havin ' dancin ' on Saturday ? use to have band ... all kind 's live shit . like a wake up in here , now . bojo folk can dance when they want . do not buy that mirror ball for nothin' . mayella you see my snake-skin shoe ? mayella lift up she leg and stretch it over the bar with a provocative flourish . her shoe be bright blue . mayella they be from New York . my niece get them on the computer . lazarus they get blue snake up north ? mayella turn to laz sip a beer at the end of the bar . mayella naw . they get some blue dye , though . you think they boot you get on come from a black cow ? bojo wanna get on somebody ' bout live music , get on ol ' laz , there . he the one get this place shakin ' back in the day . mayella do not gotta tell I . I and my girlfriend use - to talk ' bout they hard fingertip he get pickin ' that guitar . lazarus get them pickin ' peas , not string . mayella move in close , with the tip of she tit touch he arm . mayella they still hard ? lazarus mayella . it be not happen yet . ai not happenin ' tonight . mayella ( retreate with a glare ) I know you hurtin ' , laz . I get ear , you know . but you should know more and I ... be not no better cure for they blue than some good pussy . mayella saunter over to the pool table with the other . bojo Whole lotta woman , right there . lazarus she can still spread it around . the door open behind laz . bojo see the man enter . bojo laz . we friend and all but ... promise I you will keep yo cool in my joint . laz turn to see the door shut behind he brother , deke wood . he be young than laz and a bit smaller . laz turn to bojo . lazarus I be gonna finish my beer . deke slowly approach laz at the bar . deke mind if I sit ? ( no answer ) Rose say ... it do not go too well this afternoon . see , that 's not how we want this to go down . I tell she , I say , Rose , we be not leavin ' till we make peace with laz . and that 's God 's truth . I laid it down . lazarus you laid it down . deke I do . lazarus funny . layin ' it down ... for my wife . deke we be not gonna get through this clean . but it do not need to get dirty . all this ... it just come together unexpected . you think I want to hurt you ? I ... I would take a bullet for you , laz . the dry look on laz 's face could cool the sun . lazarus you wanna give that a try ? ( to bojo ) bo . you still get that .22 behind the tap ? my little brother say he would take a bullet for I . ( into deke 's eye ) you come here to ease you heart . well , I be not gonna give it to you . you take she into you bed , now you gotta lie in it . laz turn back to the bar . deke begin to turn but stop . deke I will always love you , laz . till the end of my ... in one quick movement , laz grip deke by the throat and smashes the bottom of he bottle into jag shard . bojo laz ! laz push deke back through the joint and slam he onto the pool table . he grip deke 's throat and hold the break bottle up to he face . lazarus cain slew able . slew he out of envy . and God put he mark on cain for he sin . you want that mark , deke ? give you that peace you come here for ? I will give it to you , just say that shit again . say you love I . go 'on ! say you love I , nigga ! lazarus slam the bottle down on the pool table , shatter it . laz lift he hand . his own blood leak from between he finger . he wipe the blood across deke 's face . lazarus I be through wit ' cha both . laz release deke and exit . deke call after he . deke what ' chu gonna do ? nothin ' . you ain't gonna do nothin '! laz slam the door behind he . CUT to : ext . fisherville high school - football field - night the bleacher be pack with three generation of fan and family cheer they boy on the high school football field . rae be sit with she two girlfriend , jesse and kell -- two girl who graduate five year ago . jesse ( hand rae a beer ) ronnie ship out this mornin ' ? rae it 's so stupid . say to I that he do not want nothin ' to do with no military career . say he want to move . open up a auto shop with he uncle up in knoxville . I say , okay . how about now ? let 's go . kell he would be good for that . shit , ronnie know car . rae he get stubborn . start talkin ' ' bout obligation and duty and all that ... shit . I just want he to come home ... I swear , if something ' happen to he ... kell he fix up that buick for my uncle Dale . he say it purr like a kitten every morning . jesse nothing 's gonna happen . not like everybody over there be in the line of fire with they Arabs blowin ' themselves up . rae can not be thinkin ' bout he every second of my day . I will go outta my gourd . jesse why should you waste you life waitin ' and wonderin' . not like you be marry . rae ( take a healthy swig ) I begge he not to go . and he do . kell ( scream at the field ) punt you fucker ! CUT to : ext . conner' house - the kegger - night dirty South rap pound the ear from a hoopty old with a backseat full of bass . rae , kell , and jesse be walk up to the rowdy party through the variety of park car . a girl rush past the trio , vomit on herself as a friend come to she aid . jesse this baby chick just can not hold they jello shot . I be tellin ' ya . CUT to : int . conner' house - the kegger - night conner be one of the linebacker for the fisherville duster . a waste girl sit on he lap as kell roll a joint . conner Tennessee vol gotta practice indoors just so that Florida State son - a - bitch do not spy on they play with satellite and shit . kell satellite ... you mean in space ? conner uh-huh . kell good thing you can block , conner , cuz you be dumb as a sack of shit . jesse notice rae cough . she pull she aside as conner ramble . jesse you wanna go home ? rae it get worse there . leavin ' I to my own mind . that 's just not good . jesse ( pour a shot of vodka ) here . pound this and I will join you . rae and jesse take a strong shot . it burn . jesse one more . fuck the chaser . as they pound one more , rae notice gill , ronnie 's friend , stare at she from across the room . jesse better ? rae yeah . batson and MARK approach jesse and rae . they be both sophomore , both skinny and harmless . batson hey , jess . jesse boy . batson you robotrippin ' tonight ? jesse I be just gonna smoke . rae peek at gill maneuver through the room . batson ( rummages in he pocket ) get eight pack of dxm . oxycontin . get a shit load of coricidin if you want to get out - a- body , n'all . jesse you just try to get I outta my clothes . rae be right back . rae push through the crowd of drunken kid to get to gill . rae it 's not like I can not go out and have fun with my friend . gill you think I be ronnie 's spy or somethin' ? come tomorrow that dumb - ass gonna be halfway round the world tryin ' to keep he head on he shoulder . you think he 's gonna be thinkin ' about you ? rae you go to hell . rae push through the crowd , back toward the other . rae ( to batson ) how many to fuck I up ? quick cut of : batson pop out five red cough pill . rae swallow all five and chase they with vodka . conner 's girl fall off he lap . kell laugh . the laughter echoe and grow as we : CUT to : ext . conner' house - the kegger - he parent waterbed - night close angle : we never quite see the whole of what be imply . rae 's eye , jesse 's mouth , a boy 's shoulder . the room be pack with body . rae laugh with pleasure as she eye attempt to focus . the kid on top of she finish and roll off . jesse what 's so funny ? jesse be straddle a guy in a arm chair , chinese - eye and bounce . rae try to respond coherently as another football player roll she over on all four and take she from behind . rae ( laugh ) oh ... I be just on a water bed ... and it 's just ... so ... goddamn ... funny ! a few cough . rae focus to see a young guy sit at she eye level . rae hi. bryan hey . rae you be not the kicker , be you ? bryan no , mar 'am . rae cuz let I tell you , you boy gotta run the ball more . you get into a kick game , ya will gonna lose . bryan can I put it in you mouth ? rae okay . CUT to : int . lazarus' home - the bedroom - night laz kill the rest of he whiskey . he squeeze he eye close as the liquor burn he throat . he toss the bottle into a trash bag he be hold . laz continue throw out all of Rose 's make - up and hair product . with one broad sweep , he clean off she vanity . int . lazarus' home - night laz open the front door and toss the two bag outside . stumble , he kneel next to the coiled radiator against the wall opposite the door . he talk to it like a old friend . lazarus seem like you and I ... we drive she away . that 's what we do . now we ... ( sing softly ) drinkin ' muddy water ... a'sleep in a hollow log ... a think . int . lazarus' home - the bedroom - night laz pull out a guitar case from under the bed . he wipe a layer of dust off and open it . int . lazarus' home - kitchen - night he gently cradle the guitar in he big hand and sit at he kitchen table . tune the string . he close he eye , swim in drunken sorrow . lazarus you gonna do this ? laz play the blue , Mississippi , bentonian style : one guitar , one voice , a mess of pain . lazarus ( sing , he eye close ) just like a bird without a feather , you know I be lose without you love . just like a bird without a feather , you know I be lose without you love . you know I need you love just like the angel need heaven above . the music continue as we : CUT to : ext . conner' house - the kegger - the wood out back - night lazarus 's blue be all we hear as four guy chase rae through the wood . she be in she shirt and panty , wear football shoulder pad . she be completely waste . lose . the ground rock back and forth with each step . tree pass in a slow-motion haze . lazarus ( sing ) well I sure do shot my baby , but I do it because she do I wrong . well I sure do shot my baby , but I do it because she do I wrong . you know the judge call it murder now the penitentiary be my home . rae grip a tree to steady herself , but a team member tackle she . the wood spin and distort as someone mount she with ease . lazarus ( sing ) I love that woman , she say she do not love no one but I . I love that woman , she say she do not love no one but I . rae smile as she lift she hand up to the star , pass the writhe back of the guy on top of she . if she could just grab a star she would feel safe again . she try to snatch one . she can not . her hand drop as the boy stand and take off after he friend toss the football . rae lie motionless on the ground . lazarus ( sing ) yeah but I catch my baby cheating . CUT to : int . lazarus' home - kitchen - night a tear roll down laz 's cheek . lazarus ( sing ) now my home be not where it use to be . his guitar groan its last for the night . CUT to : ext . conner' house - the kegger - front yard - later that night rae be waste . she be still wear she shirt , panty and shoulder pad as she step over pass - out teenager . rae jes? jesse ? ( trip over a sprinkler ) oh shit ... wait ... wait ... stop ! gill stop what ? rae do not look up . the coricidin be trip she out . rae ( cough ) the ground be ... turnin ' upside down . I be gonna ... ( cough ) I be gonna fall off ... gill reach down and pull off the shoulder pad . the cough fit pass . rae oh . that feel so much better . CUT to : ext . road - night gill 's truck fly down the dark road . int . gill truck - night rae be look out the window , drift in and out . gill think you have a skirt earlier . rae I get other . gill pull to the side of the road and kill the engine . he watch rae tilt she head from side to side . gill this thing you get ... I have hear people say , you would fuck a tree if it be handy . I can see that . ( shake he head ) but that nigger tehronne . thinks he 's some player cuz he hustle dope and steal hubcap . I mean , I can see a tree . but that piece of shit ? rae ( lose in hazy sorrow ) I begge he . do not see why he have to go ... gill I bet you do . just have to get that black cock up in you . I swear to god. what ronnie see ... you disgust I . gill grab she leg and spread they with no resistance . her head roll from side to side on the truck seat as gill unzip he pants . rae start giggle . gill the fuck you laughin ' at ? rae ( giggle ) you do not get half what tehronne get . gill flinch upright . a rage build in he eye . ext . road - night from outside the steam truck window , we see gill beat rae repeatedly . silence . gill ( muffle from the inside ) get up ! I be not playin ' ! OPEN you goddamn eye ! silence . he open the truck door , fear in he eye . rae be not move . blood be on she face . gill oh , Jesus ... a hasty idea . he push she out of the truck . she fall to the dark pavement in a tangle of she own limb . the door slam . gill floor the gas . rae lie motionless alone under the star . her watch alarm go off : beep -beep . beep-beep . beep-beep . CUT to : int . a bus - night ronnie be asleep on the bus , unaware that he watch alarm in beep at he . a guardsman sit next to he shake ronnie awake . guardsman hey . ronnie silence the alarm . he regards the watch with sadness and affection . ext . freeway - night the bus roar past . the red brake light fade into night . fade to black : int . lazarus' home - kitchen - early morning lazarus have fall asleep sit at he kitchen table . his eye open . stand be difficult . the guitar fall to the floor . the phone ring . dizziness hit , but he manage to pick up the receiver . lazarus huh ? int . church of GOD / lazarus' home - early morning r.l. be on he cell phone . he be place hymnal in the back rack of the church pews . r.l. bojo call . Said you get to see you brother at the long end of a break bottle . lazarus you gonna preach ' bout turnin ' the other cheek ? r.l. I think you do alright by God under the circumstance . ( r.l. pause ) you people be here for you , laz . this be you home . no shame in show you face . lazarus do not know if God wanna see I . r.l. he know where ya at . just answer the door if he come knockin' . laz hang up the phone . CUT to : ext . lazarus' home - late morning lazarus step out onto he porch . he pick up the trash bag full of Rose 's thing and walk down the gravel drive to the road . ext . lazarus' home - where the drive meet the road - late morning laz toss the bag inside he trash can . he 's really hang over this morning . his eye squeeze shut , he grip he neck in pain . lazarus mmmmmmmmmm ... mm ! his eye open . they remain fix beyond we . the pain in he face be replace with grave confusion . rae lie on the side of the road . her T-shirt and panty be damp from the early morning mist , she face cake with dry blood . her skin be deathly white , she mouth open , she eye shut and swollen . lazarus carefully step toward she . he lean down over she face . lazarus sweet ... Jesus ... rae cough . laz flinch . CUT to : int . lazarus ' home - late morning the door slam against the wall as it swing open . laz be carry rae , unconscious and limp , in he arm . he lay she down on the couch by the radiator . he pull a quilt over she cold skin . with a twist of the valve the radiator moan to life . laz take out he bandana and clean she face . he try to wake she . lazarus Little lady ? miss ? you need to open you eye for I . could ya do that ? her eye open slightly -- just slit of white . lazarus there we go . there we go . just like you doin ' . go 'on . she whisper as she touch she finger to he cheek . rae ( a raspy inhale ) teh ... tehronne ? lazarus tehronne ? tehronne do this ? a labor breath follow by the most pitiful cough fit . laz try to calm she as she lung fight for oxygen . laz look scared as the cough stop in a desperate wheeze follow by silence . int . lazarus' home - kitchen - morning laz pull the phone off its cradle on the wall and flip through the phone book . his finger scan down the listing and stop on police department . he dial and listen . operator ( a record voice ) you have reach the fisherville Police Department . you call will be answer in the order it be receive . if this be a emergency , please , hang up and dial 9 - 1 -... slam ! finger hit the phone cradle . lazarus dial 911 . as soon as he place the phone to he ear , he look over at rae sprawle out on he couch . her bare leg can be see peek out from under the quilt . fear hit he . he slam the phone down again . laz cross to the couch and gently touch she head . lazarus ( softly ) I be 'a go into town . get you some medicine to fix you up . you just rest , okay , gal ? you just sleep . get that chill out 'cha . laz touch the radiator . it burn he . lazarus God ... damn ... ext . road - afternoon laz 's Ford roar down the shade street towards town . CUT to : ext . fisherville square - macon drug - afternoon laz park he truck in front of macon drug and head inside . a old black man name red sit on a bench next to a older white man in he early eighty hold a cane . red be the pay caretaker of melvin . melvin how 's the squash this year ? lazarus it 's good , mister melvin . I will bring ya some . laz rush inside . int . macon drug - afternoon the variety of cough medicine confuse laz as he examine they . angela approach laz . she be dress in a floral print dress with a white lab coat . Angela have a few extra pound on she but she wear it well with she caring face and sweet manner . angela lazarus ? lazarus ( startle ) oh ! gave I a start . angela I be sorry . it 's this soft shoe I wear for my back . lazarus you hurt it ? angela I be stand most of my day . they be for support . ( a smile ) do not see you in church this mornin' . lazarus ( try to lie ) be on the crop . May need to get some extra hand if I do not want to work on Sunday . angela well . it 's good to see you . Angela want the conversation to continue but laz remain silent . she smile awkwardly . lazarus Angela ? angela yes ? lazarus I need to uh ... angela go on , laz . you can talk to I . lazarus my little niece ... she get this deep cough . angela you take she to a doctor ? lazarus ( struggle to lie ) no . no , she can not go . mean to say ... they 's just no money of 'a doctor . her daddy leave for a job , and uh ... give she to I to look on . I just ... ( a pitiful pause ) I do not know what to do . Angela think for a moment . angela you wait right here . CUT to : int . lazarus ' home - day snot and spittle have run down the side of rae 's face -- she eyelid stick together as she try to open they . there be a creak , follow by another . rae have become aware that someone be slowly walk up the front porch . the door open . silhouett in the day 's blind light be a white man in he 40' . his face be indistinguishable to rae 's affect gaze . be this a dream ? he stand above she and light a cigarette . the Zippo lighter clasp shut . the man lower it to he side where rae can see it clearly . a bald eagle be print on the side , a sight that make rae 's eye open wide in horror . her breath grow deeper -- a girlish plea . this be no dream -- it 's a nightmare . rae mm-mm ... mm-mm ... a massive hand slap down over she mouth . her crust eye peer above the hairy knuckle . he suck on the cigarette . a red cherry blaze at the end . the man push the blanket off of she and grip she panty . rae 's eye close . she know what be next . in he clench fist , the panty be rip off . rae nooooo ! rae flinch awake from the fever - induce nightmare and fall to the wooden floor , drench in sweat . weaken and shaking , she scamper away , finally collapse in the kitchen . her hand reach out and land on the string of laz 's guitar on the floor . she grip the steel string with she tremble finger . a single bass note twang as she pass out . CUT to : int . macon drug - afternoon Angela stand between the aisle , motion laz to approach , away from the girl at the counter . angela be you niece older than 12 ? lazarus oh , she older than that . she hand he a white box with cough syrup inside . angela my sister get a bad cough with she pneumonia . I just copy she prescription . you do not need to pay anything ... just take it . but if she get worse , you give I a call . I write my number on the box . lazarus this gonna get you in trouble ? angela not if no one find out . laz do not know what to say . he put the box in he pocket . lazarus thank you . ( suddenly awkward ) oh. my wife . she have a card here for she migraine pill . she be not gonna be around no more ... so if you ... angela I already toss that out . ( take a step closer ) somethin ' you should 'a do to that woman long ago ... how she treat you . of course , that 's none of my business . lazarus ( smile ) do not make it less true . Angela return the smile . ext . macon drug - afternoon laz open he truck door and stop . at the pool - hall across the square , laz see a green cutlass with chrome rim . CUT to : int . pool hall - afternoon laz enter the empty pool hall . tehronne be play a game with a skinny playa- wanna - be dress in flea-market fubu . charlie , the owner , approach laz from the bar . charlie hey , lazarus . we close up on Sunday . lazarus need a word with tehronne . charlie ( call to the back ) yo , t! laz wanna holla at cha . tehronne come on back , cuz . Charlie nod laz on . he cross to the back pool table as tehronne sink the 8 . tehronne look at he friend . tehronne do you call it a game when only one man win each time ? I think you call it a damn shame . lazarus Word wit 'cha . in private . tehronne hand he friend the pool cue . the two take a few step away to talk . tehronne you need some weed ? lazarus be year since I fool with that . ( try to find the word ) you know a white girl ? dirty blond hair , split down the middle like ? tehronne ( smile ) that be not up to I to hook you up . naw what I mean ? she she own , you know ? lazarus huh ? tehronne I do not pimp that . ( silence ) you talkin ' about who I think you talkin ' about , you mean rae . rae doole . sexy little split tail , like you say . I can not hook you up with that . I get two girl . one be not in town , the other one pregnant . so ... you on you own . lazarus this rae ... you get with she ? tehronne shit . who have not ? lazarus why you say that ? tehronne she get a spare minute she will snatch up anyone ... but I , I be different . sometimes she need the real deal , so she call I up . girl get a itch . you know ... what 's a nigga to do ? lazarus she like it rough ? you like beatin ' on she ? tehronne that be not my scene . if that 's something ' you into ... lazarus now , hold up . tehronne see , that girl be in my favor . you hear I , nigga ? you fuck with she rough , and you get I to fuck wit . lazarus you collar that dog , boy . I be not gonna hurt nobody . just want to know who she be . tehronne like I say , you wanna hook that up ... I be not in ya way . that switch of hers be all over this town . get that sickness , you know . lazarus what ' chu sayin ' ? tehronne she a freak . get what you call a sexual addiction . lazarus look at he with a furrow brow . confused . lazarus what ' chu sayin ' ? tehronne what I be tellin ' you . girl gotta get dick or she go crazy . CUT to : int . lazarus ' home - day laz open he own door with caution . he turn to see rae sprawle in he kitchen in she panty and T-shirt . he rush to she side . lazarus gal ? miss rae ? rae , you hear I ? lazarus lift she sweaty body off the floor and move she back to the couch . consciousness briefly return to rae in she feverish haze . flash to : close up - flashback the white - knuckle hand clutch around she mouth . flash back to : int . lazarus ' home - day rae flinch and flail . she fall to the floor . lazarus hold on , now . hold on ! rae 's eye be open and fill with fear . she struggle to flee as laz hold she in place , try to reassure she . lazarus now , I be not gonna hurt 'cha . calm down , miss . ( she fight , cough ) listen ... listen ... listen now , gal ! ( rae settles in he grip ) I be not gonna hurt ya , hear ? gotta get you well . now , look I ... hey ! look I in the eye . rae be too weak to talk or move . laz clutches she small face in he dark hand . lazarus open you eye . go 'on , now . you need to see , be not no harm here . ai not no harm . ( rae calm ) my name be lazarus Woods . and I be not gonna let you die . rae 's eye roll back . lazarus look terrify as she crane she head back and forward . her mouth open . in she sicken state , with the force of something evil and deep inside , rae clasp she open mouth over laz 's . a shriek sound in he brain as he hold she tighter , allow the kiss to grow in intensity . rae fall to she stomach as laz abruptly stand and stumble across the room . what he see chill he to the bone . rae be writhe on the floor as if she be possess -- a rant of raspy word pour from she mouth . rae ... you do not ... touch I ... s' no ... no ! mm-mm ... mm-mmmmmmmmmmmmm ! n- n'you fuck ! lazarus get spook by what he be see . he look to the mantle . his weathered Bible lie in a coat of dust . he pick it up as a wave of the burn hit rae . she clutches she breast and crotch , roll from side to side . rae mm-mm ... mm -mm ... ma-muh ... ma-muh ! ( sudden anger , shouting ) see ... s... see if 'I give ... give 'a ... shit ... flash to : int . dunn' cafe - morning - flashback Rose be shouting at the customer in the cafe . her eye be white like rae 's . her voice be not she own but that of rae . rose / rae ( scream ) ' bout any of you people ! flash back to : ext . lazarus ' home - day laz run out of he own home , not even shutting the door behind he . he get half way down he drive , the Bible still clutch in he hand . he stop . in a panic , laz open he Bible , place it down on the drive , face up , create a barrier to evil . he hear a choke cough inside the house . rae be fight for breath beyond the dark door . silence . laz reach down and pick up he Bible . a passage catch he eye . as he read , the fear vanish from he face . his back straighten . his jaw tighten . he look back at he house , he faith be renew . CUT to : int . lazarus' home - the bathroom - day the Bible be slam down on top of the toilet tank . the bathtub faucet cough as laz twist the cold water knob . int . lazarus ' home - kitchen - day the freezer door open . he snatch four trays of ice . int . lazarus ' home - the bathroom - day the trays crack . the ice cube bounce into the tub . int . lazarus ' home - day rae 's lip be dry and split as she pants , lose in dizzying fever . laz lift she . int . lazarus ' home - the bathroom - day laz kneel on one knee to put she into the tub . a horrible cry from rae as laz wrestle with she , keep she submerge in the ice cold water . lazarus I know , child , I know . gotta break that fever now . ( rae sob , struggle ) do not mean to hurt 'chu . but I be not lettin ' you die . ( hold she down ) I ain't lettin ' you die ! rae be motionless . exhausted . her eye be open but blind . her lip tremble . her body shake from the freezing water . laz rub the hair from she face gently . he reach over to the Bible on the toilet and open it to read . lazarus put fear of the Devil in I , gal . get I spook like I 's a kid , I tell you . ( flip through the page ) but the good Lord , he show I what to do . he come knockin ' like my man r.l. say ... listen here ... ( rae sob like a child ) this here Matthew . he talkin ' on how Jesus be healin' the sick . and a man come up to the disciple and he say ... ( read deliberately ) have mercy on my son , for he be a lunatic , and sore vex ... ( to rae ) he get the devil in he mind and sore on he skin . ( read ) and he bring the boy to the disciple , but they could not cure he . rae 's shiver be abate . her eye fight to stay open . laz touch she forehead to test she temperature . lazarus ( read ) then Jesus answer and say , o faithless and perverse generation ... how long shall I suffer you ? bring the boy hither to I . and Jesus rebuke the devil . ( to rae ) you hear that ? ( read ) then the disciple say ... why could not we cast the devil out ? and Jesus say unto they ... rae 's eye begin to close . laz gently touch she head to rile she awake . lazarus listen now ... this what he sayin ' to we . he say ... ( read ) if ye have faith ... if ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed , ye shall say unto a mountain , remove hence ... and it ... shall ... move . and nothin ' ... nothin ' shall be impossible to you . ( to rae ) you hear that ? you just need a bit of faith . you just gotta believe you gonna get well , like I do . he touch she forehead again . her eye close . lazarus that 's better . you coolin ' down . okay . you rest . okay . you rest . laz lean against the wall , spend . ext . lazarus ' home - sunset the cicadas sing in a rise chorus as the cloud above fade from copper to crimson . fade to black . int . lazarus ' home - night the faint echo of rae 's fevere panting . she lie on the couch wrap in a quilt , shiver . her eye remain close , she face drench with sweat . laz have clean she facial wound , use a few Band - aids . boom ! a explosion ignites the window surround the cabin . rae jolt awake , terror pervade she as she gasp at the fire ball outside the window . she struggle to she foot and listen . a faint sound can be hear through the roar of the flame . beep beep ... beep beep ... beep beep ... beep beep ... rae ( a whisper ) ronnie ... rae stumble to the door , weak and dizzy . she grip the door knob and pull the door open . ext . lazarus ' home - night rae race outside , trip down the front porch step . she look off at the blaze in the squash field . she frantically race toward the fire , the beep increase . rae ronnie ... ronnie ! beep beep ... beep beep ... beep beep ... beep beep ... at the center of the blaze be a upside down humvee . to the leave of the vehicle , a few soldier 's body lay scattered . rae 's leg lose all strength , she collapse and crawl across the squash plant . a far away voice be hear over the roaring flame . lazarus gal ? gal ? rae crawl across a fall soldier , follow the sound of ronnie 's alarm . she struggle to breathe , she almost faint . she find a soldier face down . with all she strength she turn he over . it be ronnie , wide - eye and lifeless . a awful groan come out of rae -- crippling sorrow . she pull on he vest try to wake he . rae ( sobbing ) nn-nn ... nn-nn ... no ... n'ronnie ! lazarus gal ! you hearin ' my voice ? rae look up . the flame humvee be go . she be not pull on ronnie 's vest , but the tangle vine of a squash plant . laz stand at a safe distance , silhouett in moonlight . lazarus you travelin ' right now , gal . you asleep and you do not even know it . ( extend he hand ) now ... come on inside with I . rae look like a terrify child . her eye well with tear as she shake she head . laz take a step toward she . rae mm-mm ... mm-mm ... lazarus come on , gal ... she turn and run away as best she can . laz chase after she . he 's much older than she and a bit slower , but she balance betray she . laz wrap he arm around she . rae scream to the sky . rae no ! nooo ! noooooooooo ! and then , stillness . rae lie limp in laz 's arm , unconscious . he reach down and lift she wrist to he face . the green screen of the digital watch pulsate with the alarm . he push the side button . the beep stop . silence . CUT to : int . lazarus ' home - kitchen - night laz lay rae back onto he couch . her eye open into slit . she can see laz 's form over she like the man in she nightmare . rae grab laz 's wrist . he flinch with she force . rae ( the whisper of a child ) is'okay ... is'okay ... struggle with exhaustion , rae move laz 's hand to she bare stomach . she rub it slowly up and down she form , suggestively . laz slip he hand away and clap it tight over she eye . rae hold she breath , wait to be molest , she lip quivering . lazarus ( sing deep and soft ) goin ' over that hill . goin ' over that hill . well , I be not gonna stop until I reach my God 's top . I be goin ' over the hill . well I go to the valley , I do not go to stay . soul get happy , I stay all day . I be goin ' over that hill . rae relax and fall into a deep sleep . laz back away from she , a touch of fear in he heart . the voice of tehronne be hear from earlier in the day . tehronne ( v.o. ) she a freak . get what you call a sexual addiction . lazarus ( v.o. ) what ' chu sayin ' ? tehronne ( v.o. ) what I be tellin ' you . girl gotta get dick or she go crazy . flash to : int . pool hall - earlier that day - flashback lazarus look at tehronne with a furrow brow , confuse . tehronne first hook up with that bitch when she be 16 . girl be fuckin' the principal and two of she teacher . you know coach reynold ? lazarus uh-huh . tehronne he tapped that . lazarus naw ! tehronne go ask he . flash back to : int . lazarus' barn - night lazarus open he barn , slice through the darkness with he flashlight . tehronne ( v.o. ) she be bumpin ' around all she life , hookin ' up with whoever keep she feed and fuck . he cross to the other side , pull on a bead chain turn on the single bulb above he work table . tehronne ( v.o. ) I see she give it up on park bench , back of truck , hoopty hood , you name it . laz open a old wooden box on he work table . he look inside . flash to : int . pool hall - morning - flashback laz look ill . tehronne check he pager briefly . tehronne you ever see a train run on a woman ? lazarus nuh-uh . tehronne meanin ' like a team of fella go to work on she and she do not even break a sweat . ( put he pager away ) she into football , you know . you get a letter on you jacket you get that pussy in ya lap . I be not playin ' . tehronne 's friend break on the pool table with a sharp crack . lazarus be genuinely disturb . lazarus how a girl get like that ? tehronne like I tell you . flash back to : int . lazarus' barn - night lazarus reach inside the box and pull out the end of a old chain . tehronne ( v.o. ) girl get a sickness . the chain rattles as laz walk backwards , pull the long chain from the box . the shouting of he brother can be hear . deke ( v.o. ) what ' chu gonna do ? huh ? nothin ' . you ain't gonna do nothin '! nothin '! the end of the chain snag , yanking the box over . crash ! CUT to : ext . lazarus ' home - the vegetable garden - late morning lazarus be bent over , harvest he tomato . lazarus ( sing to himself ) tell I who 's that writin ' ? John the revelator . wrote the book of the seven seal . CUT to : int . lazarus ' home - afternoon laz enter he home . he cross to the kitchen and pour himself a glass of water . dripping with sweat , he step back into the room , down the last of he water . he lower the glass , notice rae look at he . lazarus hey . rae lift she head off the pillow . laz come to she side and help she sit up . lazarus take it easy now . do not rush it . rae ( a scratchy whisper ) how long ... how long I be out ? lazarus you be in and out goin ' on two ... maybe two day . rae ( can not believe it ) two day ? lazarus after you fever break , you would wake up in spell ... long enough to get that medicine in ya . rae sit up on the couch , the quilt wrap around she waist . she look at the cough syrup bottle on the side table . lazarus found you on the side of the road . someone take to beatin ' on you pretty bad . you know who do that to you ? rae touch the cut over she eye . that evening be still a blur . rae where 's ronnie ? lazarus well I do not ... rae ( remember ) wait . he leave . rae lift she head , revealing tear in she eye . she get mad at herself and wipe they away . rae I do not get any money ... for fixin ' I up and all . lazarus do not need none . rae then I better be on my way . do not wanna put you out no more . lazarus think it would be best if you stay put while we talk . rae naw'sir ... I gotta be on my way . lazarus best try gettin ' ya wit about you ' fore you try to ... rae struggle for balance as she attempt to stand . the quilt fall away as a heavy chain slide off the couch and thud on the floor by she foot . rae feel a tug . she look down to see a dark chain lock around she thin waist and coiled on the floor . the opposite end be lock around the side coil of the radiator . she be chain to the house , a prisoner . lazarus let I say something ' first ... rae why you get I chain ? lazarus Way I see it , it 's gonna take a while for you to get right . rae the fuck you be doin ' to I ? lazarus I be not laid a hand on ya but to ease yo fever ... remember like I say , I find you in the road ... rae ( yank at the chain around she waist ) get this goddamn thing off I ! rae stumble as she move away from laz . laz try to reassure she . lazarus now , no harm 's come to you ... and I aim to keep it that way . ai not gonna ... gonna run a train over ya ... or however you call it ... see ... you be runnin ' wild on I ... this fever dream you be havin ' ... this fit . I would be chasin ' you all night . rae well I be wake now ... you can take this off . rae wait . lazarus gal , you be not right yet . rae I be right enough to stand on my own two foot . now take this goddamn chain off ... lazarus how you let man treat ya like they do ? rae what ? lazarus this man you up under . how you let they do ya like that ? rae ( grip the chain ) do I ? do I like this , you mean ? like chainin ' I up ? lazarus you know what I be talkin ' about . ( beat ) all that mess with ya teacher and ... boy in the back of truck . rae ( shocked ) the hell you know about I ?! you get no right to talk to I about that shit ! the hell you think you be ? lazarus ( interrupt ) I have save ya life , gal . I can do and say whatever the fuck I want . rae begin to feel a pang of panic . she go to the chain lock around the radiator . she yank on it a few time . lazarus I give ya enough chain so 's you can get about the house . get you to the kitchen . you need the bathroom , it will reach . rae what do you want ? lazarus we get everything we need . plenty of food . ya medicine still get a few good swallow in it ... rae what do you want from I ?! ( laz can not answer ) whatever you gonna do to I , just do it ! and let I go ! lazarus God see to it to put you in my path . and I aim to cure ya of you wickedness . this statement terrify rae . the fear can be see in she eye . she back away -- the chain scrape across the floor . rae you some kind 'a pervert ? lazarus no mar 'am . rae some crazy Jesus freak , gonna fuck the spirit into I ... lazarus in my house , you watch that lip ... rae ( furious , near tear ) look it , mister ... you wanna have you way , you take it . I will do whatever you want . but you gotta let I go . you can not do this ! you can not keep I here ! lazarus you sick . you get a sickness ... we break that fever ... we gonna break that hold the devil get on ya . rae push laz back and bolt for the door . laz fall back against the side table by the couch , toppling the lamp . ext . lazarus ' home / int . lazarus ' home - afternoon the door slam against the house as rae rush out in she wolf shirt and panty -- the chain trail behind she . rae ( scream ) help ! laz watch as the coil unravel and snap taut , yanking on the old radiator . clank ! the chain whip rae down to the ground . laz watch as dust fly of the radiator with each tug . rae somebody ! clank ! the fear in laz 's face be replace with a grin as he watch he radiator hold firm . rae somebody help I ! outside , rae buck and scream , yanking on the chain like a wild mustang . her bare foot and leg be soile with fresh mud and grass as she claw at the ground . laz cross to the radiator and pat it like a proud parent -- he wedding ring click against the iron . lazarus ( to the radiator ) ai not gonna be move . he step outside with resolve and strength . he pick up the chain and wrap it around he fist . lazarus gal ! I be not gonna be move on this ! laz yank she back , drag she towards he . he grip the taut chain with he other hand and yank she closer . rae let I go ! lazarus you can holla y'self hoarse . ai not gonna bend my will . ( pull she closer ) right or wrong , you gonna mind I . ( pull she again ) gonna suffer you like Jesus say , to the faithless and the perverse generation . rae be spend . she turn to look at she captor as he wrangle she back to the porch . lazarus now you get up ! and you get in my house ! rae or what ? rae spit at laz . bad idea . CUT to : int . lazarus' home - later that afternoon rae be scream and grunt as laz , stand in he kitchen , tug on the chain around the door- jam like he 's draw water from a well . outside rae struggle to hold onto the porch post . laz pull hard , lift she lower torso off the ground . rae stop it ! stop it ! it hurt ! lazarus whose doin ' be that ? laz yank . rae lose she grip and slam onto the porch . rae okay ... okay ! i'm comin ' in ! now quit it ! the pull stop . rae pick herself up . her knee and hand be scrape and bleed . the two stare at each other . lazarus say we talk . just take a seat on the sofa . I will get we something ' cool to drink . laz cross to the kitchen . rae sit down on the couch , notice the fall lamp on the floor . lazarus you may not remember . but you spend a whole half day in my tub , tryin ' to cool down . melted four ice trays . he finish prepare the two water . he cross into the front room . rae be not there . crash ! rae smashes the lamp on laz 's head . the water glass shatter as laz fall to the floor . rae pick up a wooden chair and break it over he back . before she can do any more damage , laz grab she by the wrist and throw she to the couch . rae fall to the floor . laz stumble on he foot as he clutches he bleed head . he lose he cool . lazarus wick little bitch ... gonna cut I ... rae you gonna get a lot more a'that , you keep I lock up like this ! rae freeze as she see laz undo he belt buckle . her breath start to quiver as she deeply inhale and exhales . lazarus think I be gonna let you do I like that ... laz whip he belt off and wrap the buckle around he fist . he stop in he track . rae be panting and shaking . her middle finger be scratch at she own thigh . lazarus ( regain he cool ) okay , now ... I be not gonna hit 'cha . ( the burn be start ) just lose my cool there . ( he throw the belt away ) now take that look out ' cha eye . her anguish hum can be hear through she clench tooth as she rock back and forth . her hand wander down to she inner thigh . lazarus no , mar 'am . you stop that foolishness . rae ( shaking she head ) hm -mm ... hm -mm ... lazarus I say ... stop ! rae ( on the verge of cry ) I can 't ! rae get dizzy . she rest the top of she head on the floor and sway back and forth . laz rush out the front door . as the wave hit , rae twist and turn , wrapping the chain around she . she grip the radiator with both hand and rest she face against the side . rae hmmmmmm ... stop-it !... stop -it ! the wave be about to build in to a powerful climax . rae gasp for breath . the door slam open . laz drench she with a gallon of cold well water from a tin bucket . rae inhale and freeze . laz wait and watch . the burn be go . laz kneel next to she and gently frees she bare ankle from the tangle chain . lazarus you hungry ? CUT to : ext . lazarus ' home - on the porch - later that day they be both seat on the front porch with paper plate in they lap . laz watch with amusement as rae tear into she chicken and gobbles up the vegetable . lazarus I put some back ache into growin ' they green . you should slow down and see how they taste . rae remain under lazarus ' intense gaze as the cicadas sing . CUT to : ext . lazarus ' home - the vegetable garden - sunset rae stare off at orange cloud and purple sky . she take a step to she leave , walk through the parallel row of squash . the chain gently rattles behind she . laz have give she about 20 foot of slack . he hold the chain tight around he fist . rae grin , stand proud in she wolf shirt and panty . rae you like this ? walkin ' I through this field like I 's you mule ? lazarus can not sit all day on that sofa . need to get you leg strong . rae ( sassy ) if I break one you gonna shoot I ? rae tease laz by adjust she panty . she turn back to the sunset and stretch . CUT to : int . lazarus ' home - night rae 's smolder eye do not leave laz as he chain she to the radiator . laz nervously preach , try to avoid the sight of she bare leg curl up on he couch . lazarus my daddy be one of the first mens to organize soil conservation in this part . that 's a group of farmer , you know , each season they would rotate the crop . know why it 's best to rotate they like that ? rae uh-uh . laz move in close and start apply antibacterial cream to the cut above rae 's eye . lazarus cuz once in a while soil need a change . corn take up a lot of nitrate in the fertilizer . so next crop what ya do be plant ya some soy bean . that give off a lot of nitrate . Change keep it all growin ' and growin ' strong . ( regard the eye ) sting a bit ? rae itches . lazarus means ya healin' . ( a nod ) so all this farmin ' make I think on Matthew . Matthew 13 . the parable of the sower ? man toss seed on rock , on the wayside , some fall in thorns ... you know the story ? rae uh-uh . laz start put the cream on she scabbed knee . he rub they gently . lazarus the seed that land on good soil be for they who hear the word of God ... and understand the word of God . not enough for you to hear what I be sayin ' , you gotta understand . rae I know . I get it . what 's Matthew doin ' ? lazarus gal ... Matthew be not doin ' shit ... this just a story ... ( quelling he frustration ) look it . I have see it in nature , I have see it in man . ya get to change up you crop . cuz that seed be not gettin ' in . ( rae remain silent ) ya gotta cut this shit out . get no cause to be up under this fool , ruttin ' on ya like you a bitch . like you somebody 's dog . no woman ... who join in union with almighty God ... or man ... in the sanctity of marriage ... should degrade herself ... and bend to another man' will ! rae be aware that laz be somewhere else , talk to someone else other than she . there be anger in he tone as he rub ointment on she bare , scabbed knee . lazarus ( shouting ) my God , gal , do not you get no sense ? I be not sayin ' I be not weak ? shit. playin ' guitar in the blood - bucket juke all ya life ... a nigga learn how to sin , let I tell you ! ( grip she by the leg ) I got sin in I ! I ain 't go'n lie ! but I got respect ! and all you got be bile , gal ! rae let go of I ... lazarus givin ' up that switch like a tramp ! behind my back and kill my baby ...! rae yank free of laz 's grip , recoil on the couch . rae get off I ! laz awaken from he rant . he blink and stand . a sudden shame overtake he . he cross into the kitchen to hide by the sink . he pour rae a glass of water and return to she side . lazarus ( offer she the glass ) do not mean to go off on a tear like I do . I just get to thinkin ' about thing ... rae lean up into he face . the glass of water be touch she chest . laz remain hypnotize by she eye . rae why be it you old man gotta talk so much ? like little boy , gotta talk yourself into fuckin ' I . ( he knuckle touch she skin ) we can take we time . I be grow . I get it . ( she lean even closer ) you wanna give I ' nother bath ? laz stand and back away . he quickly leave the room . int . lazarus' home - the bedroom - night laz look at himself in the reflection of Rose 's vanity mirror , listen to rae stir in the next room . int . lazarus ' home - night the cicadas be scream outside . rae be beginning to breathe deep , the burn be come on . rae ( under she breath ) goddammit . she fold she arm over she chest , she middle finger scratch she elbow . the anxiety be too much . she roll over until the chain pull taut against the radiator . rae have wrap herself in a tangle of chain . her breathe relax . her eye close . she sleep . fade to black . ext . fisherville square - early dawn a train rumble past in the blue hue of dawn . laz pull he truck next to two other fruit and vegetable vendor : archie and gene . archie be a old black man in he early seventies . gene be a short white man closer to laz 's age . gene there go we fortune . we be doin ' good for ourselves since you be away . laz set up he fold table and uncover he produce . lazarus y'all know when ella mae 's open up ? archie you needin ' to buy some pantyhose ? lazarus just some dress . gene look at archie and shrug . CUT to : int . lazarus ' home - morning rae snap awake . she be wet with sweat from the morning heat . rae hello ? hey ! rae drag the chain behind she as she cross to the front door and look outside . no truck . rae I do not believe this shit . she fold she arm and look into the kitchen . there on the table be a cover plate and a small bottle of milk . rae read a note on top of the plate : be back for supper . she pull off the top plate and find sausage link , egg , biscuit , slice tomato , and slice peach . rae enough to choke a goddamn horse . she yank she chain . it rattles across the floor as she sit . CUT to : int . ella mae' women' clothing - early afternoon laz look out of place in he fade overall surround by bright color of ella mae 's dress shop . ella mae be a wide woman with white hair in she late fifty . lazarus I be needin ' some woman 's clothes . a few dress . maybe some shoe . but they gotta be nice . they gotta be proper . clothes a woman would want , where she could feel and look like a woman without ... you know , lookin ' like a tramp or a hussy or something ' . ella mae turn to she assistant , Rhonda . Rhonda be a 19 - year - old black girl . she turn back to laz , unsure how to proceed . ella mae and , sir ... do you have a size in mind for what you be lookin ' for ? lazarus ( point to Rhonda ) that young lady 's size , right 'cher . ella mae well , that make it easier . CUT to : int . lazarus ' home - the bathroom - afternoon rae sit down in the tub , still wear she T-shirt and panty . look up at the shower head above she turn on the cold water and yank up on the shower knob . cold water spray down over she . she gasp and then relax , lay back in the tub . CUT to : int . ella mae' women' clothing - afternoon laz be at the counter . Rhonda be put the shoe and clothes in two shopping bag while ella mae ring he up . ella mae well ... I hope this will work for you niece . she can always come back in and swap size . lazarus point to a small display of fine lotion . lazarus mind I ask , what 's all this business here ? ella mae this be whipped body creams . it 's like a lotion . lazarus for you hand ? ella mae some woman prefer not to scent they body with perfume . so now they have scent creams . they help moisturize a woman 's skin . ( unscrew a jar ) this one 's my favorite . it 's call Ginger souffle . I recommend ... apply the cream while the skin be still damp . so ... perhaps just after a shower . lazarus ( like what he smell ) I will take a jar of that , too . CUT to : int . lazarus ' home - kitchen - afternoon rae rattles into the kitchen , she damp clothes cling to she form . she pick up laz 's guitar off the table and place it in she lap . she pluck a few random string out of boredom and smile . CUT to : int . macon drug - afternoon the same apathetic girl be work the front counter as laz enter the drug store with a basket of arrange vegetable . lazarus lookin ' for miss Angela . girl she in the back . laz make he way to the back of the store . he spy Angela in the back pharmacy , sorting pill for a pick -up . he watch she work for a moment until , finally , she see he . angela wait right there . laz wait as Angela round the corner . lazarus I brung you a little basket of goody . Fresh squash , tomato , some okra , butter bean . angela ( take the basket ) you do not have to do this . lazarus just want to say how much I appreciate you help I the other day . my niece , she 's cure up , and I get you to thank . angela well that 's good . I be happy to hear it . Angela smile . there be tension and attraction between the two . lazarus look here . I get something ' special for you . Angela be flush as laz move closer than he have ever be before . he reach in the basket for the jar of cream . lazarus this here be a whipped ... body cream . and it 's get a smell to it . tell I what you think . laz hold the jar up to she nose . Angela close she eye and smell . her expression say enough -- she love it . lazarus they call this Ginger souffle . best if it ... if it go on you skin just after you be in a hot tub ... or shower . Angela take the lotion from he hand . she be subtle and demure , but the woman be deeply affect . she smile . angela this be very sweet of you . lazarus well . hope you enjoy it . Angela watch laz as he walk out the door . the apathetic girl move up behind Angela . girl oooooo . angela hush up . ext . fisherville square - macon drug - afternoon laz open he truck and wave goodbye to Old Red . melvin be hold a healthy squash . red you gonna be on the square later on ? lazarus get all my honey - do 's do with . I be headin ' home . red stay cool . it 's a hot one . laz pull away in he truck and round the corner just as r.l. cross the street . he step over to talk to Red . r.l. hey , Red . be that laz just leave ? red yes'sir , rev'rend . CUT to : int . lazarus' home - kitchen - afternoon rae occasionally strum a awful chord as she sing playfully . rae ( try to sing ) you be my sunshine . my only sunshine . you make I happy when sky be gray . you will never know dear how much I love you . please do not take my sunshine away . a voice from outside spin she around . the guitar bark as rae slam it down on the table . lincoln ( o.s. ) mister lazarus ? rae stay hide as she peek out the front window . lincoln be stand before the house hold a old picnic basket . rae 's middle finger begin scraping against the wall . lincoln mister laz ... I come for the butter bean . rae fight she dizziness . she crawl to the radiator as she hear each creak of lincoln crossing to the front door . flash to quick cut the Zippo with the bald eagle close . a smolder cigarette . flash back to : rae flinch and grit she tooth as lincoln knock on the door : knock , knock . lincoln ai not see you on the square . mister laz , can you hear I ? the burn have start : deep gasp , itching , anxiety . lincoln ( worried now ) mister lazarus ? rae watch the shadow of lincoln 's shoe under the door . they wait patiently and walk away . ext . lazarus ' home - afternoon lincoln walk down the porch step and stop . thinks . int . lazarus ' home - afternoon rae inch upward , pull herself up the radiator so she can stand . her panting have wane . suddenly the front door swing open . lincoln mister laz , I be comin ' inside ... lincoln can not believe what he see . rae be chain around the waist , damp and barely clothed . her eye bore into lincoln like a owl zeroing in on a helpless jackrabbit . she rip she shirt off in one tug over she head . lincoln can not move . the picnic basket hit the floor . his mouth hang open in shock as rae step towards he and lay she open mouth on the boy . ext . lazarus ' home - afternoon slam ! rae shut the door . laz steer he Ford truck up the drive and park . he take he time get out and remove the shopping bag . he open the door and go inside . his curse can be hear from outside . lazarus shit boy ! what the hell you ...! lincoln be toss off the porch , cling to he overall . lazarus can't leave you alone for one ... tear and fear come to lincoln as laz step out onto the porch , fume with rage . lincoln back away expect a good beat . he start run up the drive but stop as r.l. 's old roll up the drive . lazarus lincoln , come on back . lincoln dart past laz and run into the barn , clutching he overall . r.l. stop the car halfway down the drive and step out . r.l. be that lincoln James I see run off ? lazarus he 's fine . just have a bad fall . r.l. why 's he britches round he knee ? lazarus r.l. , you gonna have to get on . I can not have nobody round my place . r.l. start walk up the drive . r.l. you get a call from Rose ? lazarus this be not get nothin ' to do with that woman . just do not want nobody around I now . r.l. somethin ' wrong with ya phone ? be callin ' the last few day . r.l. stop in he track as lazarus pull out he hunt rifle from the rack behind he seat in he truck . r.l. goin ' dove huntin' ? lazarus you gotta go , r.l.. I be not foolin ' this time . r.l. you sayin ' that gun 's for I if I do not ? ( laz can't answer ) spell it out , laz . man big enough to pull a gun best have a tongue in he mouth if he be not get a brain in he head . laz be struggle . the rifle feel suddenly strange to he . lazarus you be not gonna talk I outta shit no more . I get my mind make up and I be not gonna be move on this . r.l. ( amused ) ai not gonna be move ? lazarus get no place for preachin ' here . not now . so you do as I say ... r.l. ( still step closer ) or what ? lazarus I tell you to turn back ! r.l. push he chest up against the rifle and shout back . r.l. you go 'on and shoot I , killa ! laz 's heart be break . he be point a gun at he only friend . r.l. snatch the rifle out of laz 's hand . r.l. ought 'a stomp yo ass point this at I . ( unload the rifle ) always gotta bring up the preachin' . like you just a sheep in my flock and all I be good for be poundin ' on a pulpit . ( get in laz 's face ) dammit , laz ... we may not be blood . but we suck off the same old nurse since the day we be slap on the ass . and you gonna point a gun at I ? a tear roll down laz 's cheek . the shame be unbearable . r.l. if you in some trouble , than we gonna figure something ' out . you and I . ( hand he a bandana ) wipe you face ! laz take the bandana and wipe the tear away . r.l. now ... this get anything to do with Rose ? ( laz shake he head ) then what ? CUT to : int . lazarus ' home - afternoon the door creak open . r.l. carefully step inside . rae be sit on the couch , look out the window . rae ( on the verge of tear ) I do not want to . rae do not respond . r.l. quickly step outside shutting the door behind he . ext . lazarus ' home - afternoon r.l. shake he head as laz follow he off the porch . r.l. be you outta ya goddamn mind ? lazarus man like you ought not take the Lord 's name like you just do . r.l. a naked woman , chain in ya house ? lazarus I be tellin ' you the truth , dammit . I find she beat . Left for dead . so I brung she home . r.l. laz , I know about that girl . ( beat ) good number of this town 's sinner get my ear , you know . ( shake he head ) oh , laz . she 's have a mess of crab and they std 's . what ' chu think ? lazarus I have not laid a hand . on my life , r.l. , my wick be dry on this . r.l. you say she be beat on . you call the sheriff on that ? lazarus put yo 'self in my shoe . say you out here , alone , with a beat , half naked , white woman love to fuck . I be toe to toe with the law in this town for no more than be black and nearby . r.l. what 's that chain around she for ? laz briefly look off at the barn , know lincoln be there . lazarus why do not you go 'on and ask she . she need to talk wit somebody with sense . folk be ruttin ' and beatin ' on this gal all she day . and this be how I be handle it . r.l. this be how you handling it ? this be how you handling it ? silence . lazarus go in and talk to she . please . r.l. nod . lazarus smile . lazarus good. makin ' steak for supper . I expect you to come . r.l. you mean with you and that woman chain to ya radiator ? lazarus you treat folk special when they company . it 's just supper , r.l. , shit . r.l. one thing at a time , laz . laz walk toward the barn and turn back to r.l.. lazarus watch y'self in there . that girl will jump on ya junk like a grasshopper . ext . lazarus ' barn - afternoon laz open the door to he barn wide , allow the afternoon light to find lincoln sit on a old tire , weep . lazarus do I hurt 'chu ? lincoln shake he head . laz carefully sit next to he . lazarus what happen in there ... that will not you fault . ai not a young man alive could keep they britches on with that girl be in heat like she be . lincoln why she get a chain on she ? lazarus that 's between she and I . it 's private . and I do not want you goin ' off and tellin ' ya daddy . lincoln ( in a panic ) please do not tell my daddy . lazarus my mouth be shut , boy . and that 's how we gonna keep it . do not go braggin ' to ya buddy , ya hear I ? lincoln nod . laz hand he the bandana r.l. give he . lazarus so ... ( a bond smile ) that you first time ? lincoln yes'sir . lazarus you strike some gold , do not ya ? lincoln grin as he wipe the snot from he nose . lazarus shit . my first time be with my second cousin behind my uncle 's barn . she weigh two ton , if a pound . could 'a do a lot better for myself . you sho 'nuf do . int . lazarus ' home - afternoon r.l. hand rae a glass of water . she be seat on the sofa , wrap in a quilt . rae thank you . r.l. ( sit next to she ) I gotta ask you . why do you think laz be keepin ' you chain like this ? rae ( shrug at first , then : ) you know how , like they say , you save someone 's life , you responsible for they . guess he just do not think it 's safe for I . r.l. so he get it into he head that the only thing gonna keep you from endin ' up bleedin ' on the side of the road again , without a stitch of clothing on be ... ( r.l. yank on the chain ) you think he 's crazy for thinkin ' that ? rae struggle to answer . something be on she mind . rae you a preacher ? r.l. that 's right . rae can I ask you a question ? ( r.l. nod ) people always say , you gotta get good with Jesus , if you want not to go to hell . that you say sorry for all you do and ... and Jesus would let you go on to heaven . r.l. you could put it that way . rae but that 's so fuckin ' stupid . ( she catch herself ) I be sorry . do not mean to curse . r.l. what 's on you mind ? rae you can not hurt people ... and then just say , I be sorry , and then everything just get wash away . why would heaven want people like that . people who ... do what they want and then ... switch . r.l. I be gonna tell you somethin' , and it 's just gonna be between you and I . ( rae anxiously nod ) I think folk carry on about heaven too much . like it 's some all - you -can - eat buffet up in the cloud . and folk just gonna do as they be tell so they can eat what they want behind some pearly gate . I can go to shoney 's for that . rae grin . r.l. lean closer . r.l. there 's sin in my heart . there 's evil in this world . but when I get no one ... I talk to God . I ask for strength . I ask for forgiveness . not for peace at the end of my day when there 's no more life to live and no more good to do , but today . right now . rae have never have anyone talk to she like this . she be listen . she be understanding . r.l. what 's you heaven ? what give you peace ? rae look at she bare foot . she try to respond but the pain in she choke back the word . tear come to she . rae ( struggle to speak ) ronnie . CUT to : ext . greyhound bus station - late afternoon a bus stop at the station . the door swing open . a few passenger exit the bus follow by ronnie . he be not wear he uniform . ext . greyhound bus station - phone booth - late afternoon he drop he duffle bag and pop a few quarter in the phone . he wait , allow the phone to ring . ronnie ( into the phone ) this be ronnie again . do not know if you be gettin ' my message but ... I be down at the bus station and ... ( struggle ) I just need you come get I . you get this message , I be on the interstate headin ' downtown toward the square . ( sadness hit ) rae . I really need you to ... come find I . please . ronnie hang up the phone . he remain motionless , fearful and alone . he pick up he duffle and walk down the interstate . CUT to : ext . lazarus ' home - sunset lincoln stand over the barbecue spraying lighter fluid over the coal while r.l. peel back the corn husk . lincoln we gonna eat with she ? r.l. that 's what I be tell . lincoln she still gonna have that chain on ? r.l. well ... I be work on that . ( try to change the subject ) so ... what 's goin ' on in you life , lincoln ? lincoln I be not no virgin no more ? lincoln toss a match on the coal . they ignite with flame . int . lazarus ' home - kitchen - sunset laz be hum to himself as he finish chopping up the potato . he wipe he hand and catch rae stand behind he . she look classic in the floral sundress . she fold she arm , feel awkward under laz 's approve gaze . lazarus now that 's sharp . that be sharp . chain give you any trouble ? rae uh-uh . lazarus good . now I get the steak on , potato at a boil , and biscuit ready to pop in the oven . r.l. and lincoln out yonder grillin ' up the corn . what do you know how to make ? rae I do not fuckin ' cook . lazarus ( a look of disappointment ) gal , I be around hard - cursin ' folk all my life . and let I tell you ... rae look it ... I put the goddamn dress on , do not I ? I think I be handlin ' myself with some ... fuckin ' restraint here ... how you get I lock up like a dog on a ... lazarus if all you get be filth comin ' out ' cha mouth ... people just gonna tune ya out . ( interrupt she ) rae. rae ! I be not fightin ' with ya . I just know you get more in you than junk . ( a breath ) now , you sayin ' you do not know how to cook anything at all ? ( rae shrug ) you know how to boil water ? rae I can handle that . lazarus ( hand rae a pot ) well , get to it . CUT to : int . lazarus ' home - kitchen - at the table - night the four of they ( rae , laz , lincoln , and r.l. ) be all seat at the kitchen table , hold hand as r.l. say grace . rae peek at the other with they eye close tight . she follow they example . r.l. we ask that you bless this meal put before we . May the food nourish we body and this fellowship nourish we spirit . in Jesus name we pray . amen . lazarus &amp ; lincoln amen . there be a sudden flurry of activity at the table as the four begin pile up they plate . r.l. pass they potato , lincoln . lazarus y'all let I know if this steak be too dry . r.l. this all look wonderful . lincoln I skip lunch . lazarus well , dig in , son . get plenty to eat . rae 's eye be fix on r.l. as he pick up a devill egg . she look over at laz who be aware of she anxiety . he give she a wink . r.l. bite into the egg and moan with delight . r.l. ( to laz ) mm. mm . now this egg get some kick to it . what ' chu get in this ? lazarus ( motion to rae ) ask the chef . everyone look at rae , surprised . she feel a sudden rush of fear as she struggle to answer r.l. 's question . rae cayenne pepper . CUT to : ext . lamplighter bar - night ronnie be walk by the bar along the interstate . he stop when he see gill 's truck . int . lamplighter bar - night ronnie adjust he duffle bag over he shoulder as he enter the mid-size bar . gill be seat at the bar . he turn to ronnie along with a few other local , one be herman , age 40 . gill ( surprised ) Holy shit . ronnie ( understanding ) yeah . gill sit down , man . need a beer ? ronnie sure . gill ( to the bartender ) marv , let 's get ronnie set up here . ronnie sit next to gill . herman lean in want to be a part of the conversation . ronnie hey , herman . herman they buy you that big chicken dinner ? ronnie stiffen . gill be confuse . gill what ? herman they get little name for everything in the corps when they try to get rid of ya . do not know what it 's like in the guard . there 's what you call a bad conduct discharge , a bcd ... we all call it the big chicken dinner . it be not the brig but it will fuck ya for life if you wantin ' to work for the government . ronnie that 's not what this be about . herman they get another little name call ad-sep . that sound about right ? ronnie look away . he take a sip of he beer . herman ad-sep . administrative separation . gill ( to ronnie ) how do you get one of that ? herman blowin ' boy in the head , for one . ronnie lose he cool . he lunge at herman . gill hold he back . herman whoa , son ! I be not sayin ' shit about you . I be just talkin' . ronnie well , you do not know what you be talk about so why do not you shut the fuck up ? gill hey , it 's alright , man . it 's alright . ( to herman ) herman . come on . he just get back . herman get up to leave with he beer . herman to get back ya have to have go somewhere . ronnie glare at herman as he move to the other side of the bar . gill move closer to ronnie to get the whole story . gill what happen ? ronnie they be keepin ' a folder on I cuz of my stomach . like how it be just before we would play ball back in school . think it be just some tic I get , or ulcer like my daddy have . ( take a drink ) I can not ... shoot . target practice I be a pro . I tag between the number each time but ... ( feel a stomach cramp ) but when there 's really loud noise around I ... something ' happen . I get shaky and ... I lose my breath . they call it anxiety . severe anxiety . it can be fix and all ... just not in time for .... ( another drink ) it 's a long process but ... they send I home . gill I guess it could be worse . you could be comin ' back in a body bag . gill do not know what to say next . ronnie I can not get rae on the phone . she 's not at home ... none of she friend see she anywhere . gill she 's around . always be . ronnie I do not know . she 's gettin ' crazy , like she get . beg I not to go . get real down . I just think something 's happen . like she run off with someone . you would tell I if you know somethin' , right ? gill you be home yet ? ronnie uh-uh . I 's hitchin ' up the interstate when I see you truck outside . gill you need a ride ? CUT to : ext . ronnie' trailer - night gill 's truck round the bend and up the gravel drive lead up to ronnie 's trailer . the headlight scan across the porch as gill park . int . ronnie' trailer - night ronnie be the first through the door , call out for rae before he can turn on the light . ronnie rae ? gill enter . he see that the trailer be the same as it be the day he pick up ronnie , nothing be different . ronnie this do not feel right . Kitchen look just like I leave it . I know , cuz I clean it . gill she ever tell you she be thinkin ' of take off ? ronnie I just be so mix up lately , gill . and , you know , with she history , I can see how she could get scared ... ( tear ) ... and run . gill be disturb by ronnie 's sudden flood of emotion and tear . he cross to the pantry , already know which cupboard to pull the liquor out of . he pour two drink . he hand one to ronnie . gill drink . come on , drink some . ronnie manage a few swallow . ronnie her momma work down at the grocery , down on the square . maybe she see she . gill stand over ronnie , look down on he pitiful face . gill ronnie . you can not see cuz you be too close to it . ( ronnie wait ) this nervous spell you get . you never have that shit back in school ... ronnie that 's not right , really , cuz I ... gill ( continue ) you join up in that monkey troop cuz you have a plan for yourself . Army would pay for school . you be gonna get a degree , maybe something ' in business or agriculture and you be gonna make something ' of yourself . his word be painful to ronnie . gill do not hold back . gill and then you have to fall in love with the school slut . ronnie now wait ... gill ( continue ) with all she be doin' . with all the shit she keep do ! you stay stick to that bitch 's ass and you would not let go . ronnie I know about how she be like . but we be different . I 's the only person she talk to about it . how she 's abuse . terrible thing , gill , just terrible ... rage suddenly fill gill . he grab ronnie and throw he against the wall . gill you have a plan ! you have a goddamn life ! and she just fucked the gut out of you ! ronnie it 's not she fault , gill . she 's have to take care of I all this time , cuz I would just start throwin ' up ... choke . just losin ' my grip . and she listen . she listen to I . ( gill release ronnie and walk away ) and ... I get better . I do not get nervous like I use to . and since we be together ... she be faithful to I . put all that junk behind she ... gill the only thing that cunt 's have behind she be I and half the town fuckin ' she . ( ronnie can not believe it ) you first night away , I come over and drop off the spare key like you want I to . you be not go two hour and she be aching to get I inside she . like she be havin ' some kind 'a fit . ronnie can not respond . tear roll down he face . gill hold up the whiskey bottle . gill ( pour a drink ) do not you think it 's funny how I know where everything in you house be ? ( move in close ) I do not care if that hurt you or not . Truth be I do not know who you be anymore . so fuck it . gill turn away . ronnie grip gill around the neck from behind . he bend he back painfully and throw he head up against the wall . ext . ronnie' trailer - night the front door burst open as gill go fly down the front porch . ronnie cock a .45 and shove it into he belt . ronnie pin gill 's elbow behind he back and retrieve the key from he front pocket . gill you gonna steal my truck ? ronnie make yourself at home . you do it already . gill watch ronnie tear down the drive in he own truck . CUT to : ext . lazarus ' home - near the barn - night laz and r.l. be smoking . laz smile as he watch lincoln and rae through the kitchen window as they wash dish and talk about football . r.l. gotta get that chain off she , laz . somethin ' like this get out , you could land in a heap of trouble . lazarus I be dealin ' with what God put before I . r.l. you believe he want this ? a woman chain to ya radiator ? lazarus not like that . r.l. then what ? lazarus she 's tie to I , r.l. . we tie to each other . laz be silent . r.l. I can not leave unless I get you word . laz look down at he shoe . he surrender . he nod . r.l. laz . I get some news you need to hear . it 's about Rose and you brother . ( this be not easy for r.l. ) she 's pregnant . she gonna have a baby . ( silence ) her sister tell my wife . you know how they sewing circle go . just a matter of time till you get word . think that 's why you be keepin ' to yourself out here . ( laz conceal he pain ) I do not know how much of this be to make she happy or to hurt you . but it be what it be . laz struggle with he emotion . he turn to r.l. stone face and cold . lazarus I be through with they both . CUT to : ext . lazarus ' home - the front door - night laz and rae wave to lincoln as he climb into r.l. 's car . they pull away , up the drive , and disappear into the night . the cicadas sing as the two stand in silence : rae , at peace , feel genuine contentment ; while laz look lose in silent pain . rae they sure like they devill egg . lazarus you drink whiskey ? CUT to : int . lazarus ' home - night a bottle of whiskey be remove from a top cabinet above the refrigerator . two small glass each get a healthy swallow . lazarus you take it straight ? rae sure . he hand she a glass . laz then look at he as if he struggle with a decision . lazarus ( hold up the glass ) to my baby brother . gonna be a daddy . rae nod and downs the whiskey with lazarus . rae well , that 's good news . so you be gonna be someone 's uncle . laz pour another swig for himself and downs it . lazarus want another ? rae we drinkin ' buddy now ? lazarus ( pour two more glass ) to freedom . laz pound back he third shot . rae still makin ' joke ? lazarus ( pull out he key ) no joke . laz pull rae closer to he by the chain wrap around she waist . he open the old lock with a key . lazarus not my place to change you mind , or anybody else 's . people gonna do how they please . you only get one life ... should be live the way you wanna live it . the chain fall to the floor with a hollow thud . rae look confuse . lazarus if you want ... I can take you back to town now . rae I be not in a hurry . the two stare at each other in silence . rae could you do something ' for I ? lazarus anything . CUT to : int . lazarus ' home - kitchen - night rae watch with intense curiosity as laz tune he guitar , sit at the table . lazarus ( take another drink ) ai not play ' fore nobody in year . laz slide he callouse finger across the string , spurring the old guitar into a impressive wail . rae grip the chair . lazarus ( play as he remember ) funny how a sound just speak to ya heart . a haunt slide guitar riff bark . rae have a physical reaction to the music . she be fascinate and fearful . lazarus ( think ) want I some kid . a whole mess of them . but Rose , my wife ... chil 'ren be for another time . ( take a drink ) they 's this one spring ... I see a change in she . her breast start swellin ' up . come a few morning I hear she heavin ' in the bathroom . I see it with woman before . I know . laz think for a moment . continue play . lazarus come a day , Rose say she have to go visit she folk in Jackson . do not want I to come ... so I stay put . ( remember ) when she come back ... ( hesitates ) they talk about a woman havin ' that glow . could not see it no more . she ... take it away . cut it out . the guitar 's song turn dark . laz slide he finger up the guitar string , linger on low grown . lazarus one night ... while she sleepin' . held a pillow in my hand . I could see myself killin ' she . what evil in my heart make I wanna kill she , I do not know ? it 's that voice in I . each time I think it 's go , he come howlin ' back . Devil or no , I do not know . but I be a haunt man . fear spread across rae 's face . laz be talk about something all too familiar . lazarus call I when I be ail . when I can not find my home , lose in the pine . I call it the Black snake moan . ( he close he eye and sing ) mm-mm ... get no momma now . mm-mm ... get no momma now . it 's over late last night , do not need no momma now . laz stop . he sway back and forth with he eye close . rae hear the swell of the cicadas . her eye dart to the front door as the familiar creek of footstep be hear . rae sing , lazarus . ( kneel next to he in fear ) please keep singin' . the door swing open . a white callouse hand appear around rae 's mouth . she gasp in terror , clutching laz 's leg . the white hand be go . tear come to she . she tremble as laz sing . lazarus ( sing ) mm-mm ... Black snake crawlin ' in my room . mm-mm ... Black snake crawlin ' in my room . some pretty momma better come and get this black snake soon . rae rest she head against he knee . lazarus ( sing ) Black snake be evil , black snake be all I see . Black snake be evil , black snake be all I see . woke up this mornin' , black snake move in on I . laz conclude the song . rae raise up to she knee , face laz . tear have run down he dry face . he open he eye . lazarus my life be go . only life I be livin ' . and I lose it . rae I be here with you . lazarus I have love in my heart . and I give it to one woman . and she go now . ( he lip quiver ) where be I gonna put all this love ? rae gently touch he cheek . the wind pick up outside . rae you can give it to I . rae kiss laz . he be motionless at first , allow it to happen . his hand move from the neck of he guitar to the bend in she neck . the passion intensify as they squeeze the guitar between they . laz pull he lip away and hold she head in he hand . they be so close , they be breathe into each other 's mouth . rae you can not start this and not finish . not with I . ( kiss he ) please ... the guitar clang to the floor as laz lift rae in he arm . they kiss , ravenous for each other . he knock up against the side table , cause he Bible to fall to the floor , face up and open . the wind push the front door open , slamm it hard against the wall . they turn together , kissing , laz slowly spin with rae in he arm . but laz be soon distract by the page of he Bible flutter on the floor . the wind be blow the page , turn they with a unseen hand . lazarus wait ... I gotta stop ... ( rae 's kiss get more aggressive ) rae stop ... ( she can not hear , the burn have she ) dammit , rae ... get off ! it take a considerable effort to pull rae away . she fall to the floor , dizzy and suck in air . lazarus this be not the way for I . I be sorry . rae be struggle for breath . she desperately grab at laz . rae not gonna lie to you , laz ... ( labor breath ) this one 's a doozy . I do not think ... I do not think I can stop this . her eye roll back briefly , almost lose consciousness . laz catch she and hold she tightly . lazarus tell I what to do . rae ( barely able to speak ) the ... chain help . laz grip the chain and wrap it around rae . as the burn increase . laz hold rae tight across he lap , he back up against the radiator . rae I see a man die . he could not breathe ... he heart be ... be givin ' out . lazarus you just havin ' a fit . you be not goin ' nowhere . rae he tell I ... get help . I just stand there and watch he ... I watch he die , laz . oh God ! goddammit ! her leg itch like they be cover in ant . the wave be hit she hard . laz hold she face up to he . rae ( like a little girl ) oh , laz ... he hurt I . he ... hurt I so many time . lazarus no one 's gonna hurt you no more . rae you think God forgive people like that ? ( cry like a child ) you think God forgive people like I ? suddenly aware of the rise burn , rae grit she tooth . rae hold I . oh God ... rae turn away as laz hold she head in he lap . she bite down on he middle finger as he hand move over she mouth . she be gasp , scream into he hand . it hit . laz hold she . rae 's open mouth quiver as the sensation peak . her shoulder slump , she chest vibrate . she be cry softly . lazarus we will just stay here . wait till it pass . the page of the Bible flip to the final page in the wind . fade to black . ext . fisherville square - morning laz 's truck pull into he usual spot on the square . rae be riding shotgun . rae where you gonna be ? lazarus right here . be here all afternoon . ( wait ) you ready for this ? rae I be gonna just get some girl stuff , like make - up and ... stuff . rae look out the window , a touch of fear . lazarus this town be not goin ' nowhere . you take the time you need . they both step out of the truck . gene and archie watch rae 's ass as she walk by . they then look back at laz , incredulous . lazarus friend of mine . CUT to : int . fisherville grocery - morning rae enter the modest grocery store hold herself tight . a few harmless shopper look at she make she feel even more uncomfortable . CUT to : ext . fisherville square - afternoon laz be sell vegetable to a young woman . he be unaware that Angela have move up behind he , grin , carry a small basket . angela I bet you have loyal customer . lazarus ( turn and grin ) you like what I brung ya ? angela be eatin ' like a princess all week . even get enough for we to take a picnic under the gazebo . lazarus that would be nice . angela I put on the lotion you get I . can you smell it ? Angela step forward and pull away she hair from she neck . she crane , offer she neck for laz to smell . lazarus ( smell ) that 's nice , too . CUT to : int . fisherville grocery - afternoon rae be look at herself in the provide makeup counter mirror . she look at the compact in she hand and decide against the purchase . she round the corner and stop . she see Sandy on she knee in the center of the aisle , building a display of tuna can . rae think to leave , but stop . she make a decision to talk to she . she walk up the aisle and stand above she mother . rae hey . rae kneel down next to she . she 's try to make a connection . sandy what happen to you face ? rae get in a little accident . sandy ( not believe she ) yeah . Sandy stand and wipe she brow . rae since you workin ' on the square now , maybe we could get some coffee in the morning , if you want . sandy you need money again ? rae no . that 's not why ... ( a frustrated breath ) why we always gotta do this ? I mean , you and I be at each other as far back as I can remember . be not no love between we . and I be you daughter . I be the only family you get . sandy you never need nobody . always make that clear to I . rae yeah . I know I do . but ... ( struggle with tear ) I be tryin ' to be dif'rent . I be tryin ' to ... get some peace , you know ? sandy I be workin ' here , rae . can you see that ? rae I just want some make -up . sandy all that shit 's on aisle 5 . rae start walk away . she quickly turn . rae I just think you should 'a keep he off I , that 's all . sandy the hell be you talkin ' about ? rae now see ? do not do that . I will go along with all you say about I . but that ... you can not pretend no more on that . cuz I be just a kid , momma . ( a terrible silence ) I do not know about any of that stuff he be doin ' to I . ( tear well up ) and you let he do it . some big nobody in you life ... and you let he do as he want ... with the only somebody you have . it be clear from Sandy 's reserve anguish that rae be tell the truth . Sandy firmly grip she by the arm and walk she out . rae wince in pain like a toddler be lead off to a car for a good whipping . rae I be sorry ... I do not mean to shout ... sandy all my life I be puttin ' out you fire , with you givin ' out you snatch to every waggin ' dick in this town . and you gonna lay the blame at my foot ? well , I be not gonna take that . rae but ... momma ... just tell I ... not gonna be mad ... we can just talk about it ... be eye to eye on this ... you do not even get to say you be sorry ... just say how you know ... sandy only thing I be sorry for be listenin ' to my parent and have you instead of doin ' what I should 'a do . Sandy walk back up the aisle return to she can tuna . and then the rage hit rae . with each breath rae grit she tooth tighter . she grab a mop off the side aisle and turn around . Sandy be pricing can , down on she knee . she do not see rae come . rae ... tell I you do not know ... goddamn liar ! rae clock she over the head , send Sandy into the display of can . rae hit she again with the mop . she be scream in short anguish breath . rae grab everything she can and dump they onto Sandy : bag of flour , can , entire shelf of ketchup . rae say it ! just fucking say it ! Mark come run to the aisle follow by two other employee . stun customer watch in amazement . MARK rae ! rae ! what be you doin ' ? rae ( hysterically scream and thrashing the mop ) get off I ! get off I ! get ... he ... off ! CUT to : ext . fisherville square - afternoon laz and Angela be seat next to each other under the gazebo . angela I 's thinkin ' about sing in the choir . lazarus at church ? angela mm-hm . I do not know if I get a good voice or not but ... practice be only on monday and wednesday , so ... lazarus ( grin ) you gonna sing I somethin' ? angela when ? now ? oh. no. lazarus come on , just a little somethin' . right here . go 'on now , do not be shy . Angela blushes . she look around and then lean in close to laz . she sing softly , sweetly , with all she soul . angela ( sing ) there be a balm in gilead to make the wounded whole . laz be fall in love . she be so beautiful to he , he do not see the people run to the front of the grocery store . angela ( sing ) there be a balm in gilead to save my sick , sick soul . ( open she eye , speak ) so . you think I should be in the choir ? laz be grin from ear to ear . he be about to speak but the commotion outside the grocery catch he attention . his smile fade . angela what ? what be it ? laz bolt toward the grocery as fast as he can . int . fisherville grocery - afternoon laz rush past the gawk customer at the end of the aisle . a few male worker , include Mark , stand at a distance watch rae weep on the floor . Sandy be be help up by a co-worker -- she head be bleed . rae rock back and forth , she face spot with flour dust , the mop hold tightly in she grip . Mark try to step closer but rae cry out , thrashing with the mop handle . they retreat . lazarus rae ? gal ? you hearin ' my voice ? rae lift she eye . flash to : quick cut the chain pull around rae 's waist . the radiator clanking as it be pull . laz 's hand hold she head to he as she cry . flash back to : int . fisherville grocery - afternoon laz slowly cross to rae . she lift she tear - soak eye to he . he kneel next to she . lazarus I will take you home now . he lift she up in he arm . she sob into he chest as he carry she through the onlooker . Angela be there . she look confuse and shocked . angela this you cousin ? laz can not lie anymore . his gaze fall to the floor . he leave the store without say anything to Angela . ext . fisherville square - afternoon ronnie have park gill 's truck on the square . he start walk up to the grocery store . he see laz carry rae in he arm . she be sobbing into he chest , blind to all around she . ronnie freeze in shock as laz approach . lazarus move , son . ( ronnie be unable to move ) goddammit , kid , get outta my way ! laz push ronnie cause he to fall backwards on to the pavement . ronnie watch laz put rae in he truck and drive away . a wave of nausea hit . he turn over and heave . CUT to : ext . lazarus ' home - sunset the wooden chime be deathly still above the porch . the evening cicadas have begin they chorus . int . lazarus ' home - the bathroom - sunset rae be hold she knee to she chest in the tub . laz sit next to she , dip the sponge in the water , gently wash she back and shoulder . laz move she head back into the palm of he hand to wash she hair . she stare into he eye as he squeeze the sponge on she forehead . rae you take care of you wife , like you do I ? lazarus I try . CUT to : ext . lazarus ' home - night rae be wrap in the quilt , lay on the couch . she be awake and motionless , helpless to she depression . int . lazarus ' home - the bedroom - night laz sit on the side of he bed . something be on he mind . we CUT to he on he stomach search for something under he bed . another old guitar case come out , follow by another , then another . finally , laz stand , a old maroon case in he grip . he open the latch on the side and lift the thin lid , revealing a gorgeous cream color electric guitar . int . lazarus ' home - night rae have not fall asleep yet . she turn to see laz enter the dark room with the maroon guitar case . lazarus you and I , we night owl . no use fightin ' this shit . ( toss she a dress ) get up . CUT to : ext . bojo be - night laz 's truck groan as it bounce into the crowded parking lot of bojo 's . rae step out , look beautiful in she sun dress . laz slam the door to he truck , guitar case in hand . they begin walk inside . rae 's watch go off . she quickly turn it off . but a faint echo of the alarm can be hear behind she . she stop and turn toward the truck . the sound be go . lazarus what be it ? rae nothin' . they go inside . ronnie 's hand appear from under the blue tarp in the back of laz 's truck . he pull himself out and look around . int . bojo be - night laz and rae stand like stranger by the door . the place be wall to wall -- people at the bar , people play pool . laz see the culprit of this show . r.l. be gab with bojo , a beer in he hand . lazarus get 'chu at that table up yonder . rae by myself ? lazarus you can handle it . as rae make she way through the crowd of people , laz march over to r.l . lazarus the hell be this shit ? r.l. what ? I call bojo , like you say . call up the fella in the band ... lazarus the fuck be all this people doin ' here ? be drinkin ' in this shit hole for year be not see this many people since I do not know ... bojo shit hole ... hey kiss my ass , laz . lazarus nigga , you go 'on kiss my ass . ya both call everybody , do not ya ? bojo turn away to another customer . r.l. grin as he remove a flask . he offer it to laz . laz snap it away . lazarus there you go , preacher man . get I drunk so I do not stick my foot up yo ass . r.l. I just know how you get . good to know , they butterfly still in ya gut . laz and r.l. look over at rae seat alone at a small table near the stage . r.l. Heard about this morning . lazarus we be not here to talk about that shit . laz surprise r.l. by walk away and up onto the stage . rae watch as laz , shake hand with some of the band member . a few whistle from the crowd . laz sit down at a chair off to the right of a short mic stand . he plug in . rae watch curiously as laz tune he guitar -- moan of electric distortion . r.l. sit next to she . r.l. you in for it , now . he gonna nail it to the wall tonight . I do piss he off . the drummer kick in . laz tear into the string . the entire place begin to undulate and bounce as laz return to the blue . lazarus ( sing ) I do not know , but I be around , tell I they woman shake them on down . cheer . rae watch in awe . she 's never see anything like it . she be surround by couple dance so close they might as well be naked . but there be also a great sense of safety as laz control the room with he music . lazarus ( sing ) yes , I be goin ' Georgia line . see if they woman sweet like mine . hershel , a black man in he 30' , ask rae to dance . hershel you wanna cut it up , baby ? rae ( shrugging ) well ... rae look up at laz . laz smile and nod . rae take the man 's hand and move out onto the dance floor . r.l. can not be seat anymore . he stand and stomp he foot . r.l. ( shouting at laz ) yeah , you know you home , old man . you just walk through the door . lazarus ( sing ) I do not know , but I be tell , they Georgia woman sweet jelly roll . rae allow laz 's voice and guitar to take hold of she . her face get wet with sweat as she move , make love to the current in the air . Men be dance all around she , but now she be in control . she turn to a young man and shake , then a old man . she be free , herself , and above all , safe . laz smile , unaware of ronnie watch from the window behind he . there be rage and confusion in he face as he watch rae surround by dance limb . CUT to : ext . lazarus ' home - kitchen - night both laz and rae be drink water from the sink in tall glass like they have be strand in a desert . rae be you drunk ? ( laz shrug ) keep drinkin ' water and you will not get a headache in the mornin' . lazarus yeah , gal I be here before . rae ( smile ) I guess you have . int . lazarus ' home - the bedroom - night laz be take off he shoe , get ready to crash for the night . he sit down on the side of he bed and take off he shirt , leave he T-shirt on . rae be stand in he doorway . rae laz ? can I sleep with you tonight ? lazarus do not think that would be wise . rae I do not mean it nothin ' dirty . lazarus I know you do not . but you a grow girl . you can handle it . I get to . rae understand . she cross to laz and kiss he on the cheek . rae then walk down the hall to she couch in the front room . laz turn off the light . CUT to black : int . bathroom - night - flashback rae enter the dark bathroom and shut the door behind she . her hair be short , a shaggy bob , bleach platinum blond . arty , always behind the door , attempt to enter , but rae push the door close and lock it . arty baby , where you goin ' ? rae I be gonna pee . I gotta take a break and go pee . arty now , this be not fair . you say I could do it , too . rae eat shit and die , arty . a girl can change she fuckin ' mind . rae find the light switch . she yelp upon see ronnie crouch by the tub . suddenly feel violate rae yank down on she shirt to hide the fact that she 's not wear anything else . rae hey . ronnie hey . rae you do not gotta get up but ... I gotta go ... ronnie attempt to get up but it 's too late , rae have already squatted on the commode , pin ronnie between she and the bathtub . rae be breathe heavy , she focus be scattered . she 's come up or come down from a big burn . rae ( wait for pee ) I think if I just piss ... I will be okay . ronnie you feelin ' sick ? rae I be just in one of my mood . you know how I get . ronnie yeah , I know . ronnie try to look away , try to make a awkward moment less awkward . rae 's anxiety be hit she . rae I think it would be better if you talk to I . ronnie yeah ? rae just about anything , you know . it can be funny or ... not . just tell I somethin' . ronnie nervously consider this before agree to open he mouth . he point into the tub . ronnie well . that 's my vomit . I come in here to get sick . I think I would make the toilet but ... anyway , I get sick . rae be you waste ? ronnie no . I just get a mess up stomach . rae ( remember ) Holy shit ! ronnie what ? rae Holy shit , ronnie ! ( smack he on the arm ) you be a fuckin ' rock star . ronnie I be a what ? rae all they people shoutin ' you name like they be do tonight ! shit ! that arm you get will get ' chu on a box of cereal ... ronnie lean over and dry heave into the tub . it be painful . rae lean forward and touch he back , comforting he . rae hey ? you okay , ronnie ? ronnie fall back , grip he stomach , there be tear in he eye from the dry heaving . suddenly emotion hit he . ronnie ( through tear and clench tooth ) box of cereal ... well , goddamn ... ( look at he tremble fist ) everybody keep sayin ' thing to I take make I feel great . but I do not feel great at all . I feel like I be comin ' outta my skin . like I be losin ' control of my mind . ( look into rae 's eye ) I be not like this . I be not usually so ... afraid . ( really start cry ) I do not know what 's ... wrong ... rae pull ronnie to she . he cry into she shoulder . she gently rub he wet face and sing she word of comfort . rae is'okay ... is'okay ... ronnie begin to calm down . the sobbing abate . the metal music from the party outside be muffle through the door . the two hold onto each other in silence . rae pee . they both giggle , a welcome release of tension . rae I feel better . do you ? ronnie yeah , I do . ext . lazarus ' barn - night ronnie lift he head from sleep - he memory of rae have vanish . he be lean against the corner of the barn , he .45 in he grip . his gaze slowly turn toward laz 's darken house . his hand begin to shake . fade to black . ext . lazarus ' home - early morning a crow squawk in the row of corn . a bright morning be come . int . lazarus ' home - the bedroom - early morning laz be still asleep . the sound of clumsy guitar play , accompany by a tiny voice , can be hear . rae ( pluck , try to find the right note ) you ... be my ... sunshine . laz open he eye . int . lazarus ' home - early morning laz quietly creep into the doorway to watch rae struggle with the guitar play . he could stay there for hour watch this little girl play he guitar . rae look up and see laz . she stop play . rae sorry . lazarus look like you know a song . rae do not know where I lear not it , but ... it 's there in my head . laz sit next to she and take the guitar from she . lazarus ( play a tune ) how you feelin ' today ? rae you know how you feel when you come out of a bad hangover ? like you eye can open a little bit more . lazarus I know that . rae woke up real early . Sun be shine . just think I would mess around , try to learn a song . lazarus go 'on and sing it , I will play . rae no , you do it . I can not sing . lazarus stop that foolishness . just do as I say and close you eye . ( rae close she eye ) Close you eye . and think about ... well , for a song like this , I would say you think about what you love . rae what I love . lazarus get a good picture in you mind . rae 's playful smile turn serious . laz continue play . lazarus think on that . and sing wit I . ( laz come in sing ) you be my sunshine . my only sunshine . rae &amp ; lazarus you make I happy when sky be gray . you will never know dear , how much I love you . please do not take my sunshine away . rae open she eye with a delightful giggle . laz continue play . lazarus good . I know another . it go like this . ( sing ) last night dear , as I lay sleep . I dream I hold you in my arm . when I awoke dear , I be mistaken . so I hang my head and I cry . ( to rae ) Close you eye rae ... sing it . rae do not hesitate to obey . with she eye close and laz play , neither can see ronnie creep up from the kitchen with he gun . rae ( sing ) you be my sunshine . my only sunshine . you make I happy when sky be gray . ronnie look sick with pain as he point the barrel at the back of laz 's head . rae ( sing ) you will never know dear , how much I love you . please do not take you sunshine away . ( open she eye ) ronnie ! laz spin around knock away ronnie 's arm . bam ! the gun fire into the wall . the guitar crack on the floor . rae scream . rae ronnie stop ! ronnie ! laz lunge at ronnie but ronnie be faster . he spin laz around and slam he to the floor , push he gun into laz 's face . rae no ! ronnie look up at rae , he eye red with sorrow and rage . he push the gun to the side of laz 's head . rae cry . ronnie ai not be a week and you already some nigger 's whore ? gill tell I . told I how you and he ... you and everybody ... rae ronnie . please , baby ... ronnie ( to laz ) do 'ya have fun with she ? sweet as a peach , I bet . huh ? huh ? laz glare back , not say a word . ronnie goddamn it , I ask you a question , you better answer it , or I be gonna blast a hole in ya ! rae ronnie ... rae move closer . ronnie point he gun at she and scream . ronnie you shut up ! lazarus careful how you point that gun , boy . ronnie ( point gun back at laz ) or what ? or what ? lazarus Boy ? you here to make a point , or you here to kill somebody ? ronnie ai not gonna be callin ' I boy when I blow you face off . lazarus you sayin ' you will do what ? ronnie you hear I , mother - fucker . I will fuckin ' kill .. lazarus ( cut he off ) boy ! you so green you could not stomp a baby duck . ronnie can not believe what be just say -- mostly , because it 's true . the gun begin to shake in he hand . ronnie you testing I ? huh ? you testin ' I , old man ? lazarus test . shit . what kind 'a test you thinkin ' ? you mean like , if you a man or not ? if you a killer ? only one way to prove that . you just look I in the eye , boy , and you squeeze that trigger back . ronnie grip the shaking gun . a severe attack be on the rise as he listen to laz . lazarus ai not that easy , be it ? I be in some scrap , son , I know . first there 's that loud crack . always louder than you think . like it just come -up - a-cloud and clapped a mess thunder right in ya hand . bam ! ronnie flinch . he try to control he breathe . lazarus White light . smell of smoke . taste of my blood and brain in you mouth , stingin ' ya eye . ronnie almost vomit , but he hold it back . rae oh , baby ... just let I ... rae move closer to he , want to comfort he but she stop as ronnie point the gun at she . his eye plead for she to stay back . ronnie goddammit , rae ! lazarus boy ! you keep that gun pointed at I ! ( ronnie obey ) you need to kill a man , all you gotta have be a good reason . ( watch ronnie fight he attack ) you know she be here with I , do not cha ? be all over town , givin ' up that switch you think be you own . ronnie shut up ! shut up ! lazarus put all you love and dream into one woman ... she turn around and give it all to another man . that 's a good reason to paint the wall with I , kid . she would fear ya then . cuz there will not be no more question in she mind . she with a real man now . a real killer ! a flood of tear be stream down ronnie 's face . the gun be shaking furiously in he hand . ronnie do not ... do not say that to I ... lazarus ( get feed up ) Son , I be grow . do not get patience to suffer you child and this monkey junk . I be too old to play house ... ( look at rae and then back at ronnie ) ... and cowboy . so let 's have it . end I or get out of my face ! ronnie look like a scared five year old have a asthma attack . laz bark at he one last time . lazarus go'on . do it. ( silence ) do it ! the last shout from laz completely destroy ronnie . his shoulder slump . the gun lower in he grasp . a low sob be hear as he fall to he knee . laz snatch the gun from he hand and stand . rae ronnie ? rae inch closer to ronnie as he kneel over and weep . she gently touch he shoulder . he turn he anguish face to she and try to speak . ronnie I can not stop ... I can not stop ... be scared . what be I gonna do ... ronnie hide he face in he hand . rae throw she arm around he and hold he tight . rae I get you , baby ... I get you ... laz remove the clip and cross to the kitchen . he slam the gun on the sink , open a drawer and remove the wall phone . rae ( see laz plug the phone in ) what be you do ? ( laz dial a number ) you gonna call the cop ? you think they gonna help this ? they ever help you , laz ? huh ? ( laz listen on the phone ) dammit laz put the phone down ? laz look at rae . there be hurt in he eye . lazarus think you know I better , gal . ( into the phone ) I need you at my house ... right now . CUT to : int . lazarus ' home - night r.l. cross from the kitchen . he hand a glass of water to rae seat on the couch . he hand another to ronnie seat next to she . r.l. sit before they as laz linger in the doorway . r.l. ( to ronnie ) I imagine there 's a lot of good between you two . but I want you to tell I what 's bad . go 'on . and do not hold back . ronnie be very uncomfortable . he look at rae seat next to he and then back at r.l.. ronnie I hate this town . you can not round the corner without bump into someone who 's get you number . ( a brief look at rae ) we do a lot of dreamin ' , I and rae. makin ' plan to get out . I would do my tour and ... we would move outta here . go to chattanooga . and I would work for my uncle . ( look down , tear come to ronnie ) but ... when rae get like she do . and she do the thing that she always do . make I feel like she love this place more and I . rae start shaking she head , tear come to she eye . r.l. raise a hand to silence she . r.l. go on , ronnie . ronnie all my life people call I shit like , sissy and ... nervous and ... I get few thing in my life that make I feel like ... like ... lazarus like a man . ronnie ( surprised ) yes . I mean that 's it . I wanna feel like a man with she . I wanna feel like the only man with she . ronnie wipe the tear from he eye with he shirt sleeve . r.l. turn to rae . r.l. ( look at rae ) now , rae , we be not here to fix you or judge you . only you and the almighty can do that . but I want you to tell I about this spell you get . rae take a deep breath . she look up at laz . he encourage she with a nod . rae it start like this ... fire ... that spread . start in my head . then move to my stomach . then it go lower . I can stop it sometimes but mostly I just jump on and ride it out ... then everything will go back to normal , you know . only thing ever take that feel away be ... be ... when I meet ronnie . ( the emotion really hit hard ) cuz I love he so much . he 's all I get in my life that 's special . and I like take care of he and help he when he get nervous . when I can do that for he ... it 's like I be givin ' something ' of myself that I have not givin ' nobody else . r.l. rae , look at ronnie . and tell he how you feel . rae turn to ronnie . her nose be run as she wipe away she tear . rae I think ... I think we be fuck up . both of we . I know I be . but ... that do not mean what I feel be not true . it do not mean I can not love . and I know , how I be be ... be ... really bad ! so if you want to quit on I ... I understand . but please ... please ... do not . ronnie be very move by rae 's plea . he touch she face and wipe away a tear . r.l. so. what ' chu two gonna do about this ? CUT to : ext . angela' home - day the door open . Angela look surprised to see laz . she be dress in jeans , a T-shirt , wear rubber glove from clean . angela hey . lazarus hey . you be not at ' cha work but that nosey gal up at the counter give I you home address . hope you do not mind I comin ' over . angela what do you need ? lazarus I need ya help again . Angela notice rae and ronnie seat in laz 's truck . angela more cough syrup ? lazarus can I come in ? Angela take a breath and open the door wider . int . angela' home - day it be a small house , but tidy . Angela motion for laz to sit . lazarus I lie to you . it be wrong . but at the time ... I do not know what to do . imagine you get a earful from folk about that gal I 's carryin' ... angela laz ... you do not need to explain yourself to I ... lazarus yes , I do . cuz I feel for you . mean to say ... ( long pause ) I get feeling for you . and I do not want you to think ... I do not ... ( how to say ? ) I do not want you to go away . there 's better way to say what I be try to say , but ... they it be . do not go away . Angela think on this . she rise out of she seat and cross to laz , sit next to he on the love seat . angela laz . I be gonna put my trust in you . I be gonna do it knowin ' all too well I can get hurt like this . and I have be hurt . just like you . ( beat ) woman like I , I get a lot of livin ' to do . but my day be precious to I . they all I get leave . do not want no more fuss . I want love in my life . you understanding I , laz ? lazarus I do . God 's truth . I do . they stay lock in each other ' sight . then , the slowest , most gentle kiss happen between they . when they separate , laz be lose in she eye . angela now what ' chu need I to do ? cuz I be gonna go do it . CUT to : int . pool hall - morning laz enter the pool hall and spot tehronne . tehronne motion he back . next to tehronne be a old black man name pinetop . tehronne yo , this here pinetop . I think he get what you lookin ' for . pinetop grin and produce a black velvet cloth . he open it gently and spread it out , revealing a long , thin , gold chain . laz nod , approvingly . lazarus that will do . ext . pool hall - back door - morning tehronne lead laz down the back step . they both round the corner , revealing a old chevy caprice . it be light brown except for one door that be gray , however the chrome rim on the car be impressive -- worth more that the entire car by a long shot . tehronne it get some mile on it , but my boy say she run good . get fresh 22 's on she . ai not my doin ' . that 's just how it come to I . do not worry . nobody gonna come lookin ' for it . I get the pink ... get no problem . ( hand laz the key ) ai not gonna have my girl ridin ' no bus . lazarus ( move , impressed ) do not see generosity much this day . everything always get a catch . guess I be tryin ' to say ... thank you . tehronne nobody ever ask I to do shit like this for people . and you know what ? I be good at it . naw what I mean ? tehronne walk back into the pool hall , leave laz alone . CUT to : int . ella mae' women' clothing - day Rhonda have three white dress over she arm as she hurry past ronnie , seat next to the back dress room . the door do not close all the way . he stand and move in for a peek . Angela poke she head out and grin . angela what be you do ? ronnie ( shrug ) just want to see . angela you know the rule . ( vacant look from ronnie ) you do know the rule , do not you ? ronnie yeah , I know . angela then start take they seriously . ronnie yes , mar 'am . int . ella mae' women' clothing - dressing room - day rae be stand in bra and panty up on a small platform in front of a tri-divide mirror . ella mae take the dress from Rhonda . Angela see that rae be nervous . angela it 's okay to breathe , honey . rae yes , mar 'am . CUT to : ext . ronnie' trailer - late day ronnie be wear a brown corduroy jacket . he be attempt to tie he neck tie in the side mirror of laz 's truck . lincoln , also wear he Sunday best , step up behind he . lincoln you ronnie ? ronnie yeah . lincoln I be lincoln . guess I be gonna be you best man . ronnie ( ultimately accept ) okay . lincoln you havin ' trouble with that tie ? cuz I be pretty good at it . ronnie nod . lincoln step behind he to tie the tie . lincoln gotta do it like this or I get all turn around . int . ronnie' trailer - late day laz be wear the same suit he wear at the cafe with Rose . he be seat in ronnie 's trailer , outside the back bedroom door . Angela step out from the bedroom with a grin . angela she 's ready for you . int . ronnie' trailer - back bedroom - late day laz open the door , carefully look around the doorjam . he see she stand before the dresser mirror . she look beautiful , simple , and elegant . rae desperately search laz 's eye for approval . lazarus now that 's sharp . that 's real sharp . miss ella mae set you up , do not she ? you like it ? rae I have have nice thing before but I always ruin them somehow . lazarus well , this one 's yours now . you ready to take care of it ? rae bow she head . she fight back tear . rae I want to . more and anything . but I ... laz hold she face in he hand . he speak softly . lazarus now ... let 's stop that . ( smile ) you and I ... we can handle this . you hear I , gal ? we gonna be just fine . now live ya life . pull you shit together and live you life . his word be pierce and true . rae nod , decide . rae okay . r.l. 's word be hear as rae wrap she arm around laz and rest she head on he chest . rae I do not want you to let go . lazarus maybe I will not . r.l. ( v.o. ) when I be a child , I talk like a child . I think like a child , I reason like a child . CUT to : ext . ronnie' trailer - late day ronnie turn toward the trailer . he be in he suit , stand in he front yard -- lincoln at he side . r.l. stand to the side with a Bible in he hand . r.l. ( v.o. ) when I become a man , I put childish way behind I . ronnie be amaze with what he see . laz lead beautiful rae down the step as Angela tend to she side . r.l. ( v.o. ) now we see but a poor reflection as in the mirror ; then we shall see face to face . I know in part ; then I shall know fully , even as I be fully know . rae hold firm to laz 's arm as they come together on the green grass to witness and perform this union . r.l. ( v.o. ) and now this three remain : faith , hope and love . but the great of this be love . ( look to laz ) who give this girl in marriage ? lazarus I do . lazarus take a few step with rae , offer she arm to ronnie . ronnie and laz stay lock in each other 's gaze . lazarus you get she now ? laz stand next to Angela as ronnie and rae face r.l. together . r.l. ronnie . rae . I want you to look at each other and listen to I carefully . do you understand ? rae &amp ; ronnie yes . yes , sir . they both obey -- each with a serious expression . r.l. I require and charge you both as you stand in the presence of God to remember that love and loyalty alone will avail as a foundation of a happy and endure home . ( to lincoln ) go on , hand it to he . lincoln step toward ronnie and hold up the black velvet . ronnie take the gold chain and carefully wrap it around rae 's waist . r.l. no human tie be more tender . no vow more sacred than that you now assume . laz look on -- a conflict emotion of joy and loss . r.l. if this solemn vow be keep inviolate , the home which you be establish will abide in peace and you life will be fill with joy . Angela reach over and take laz 's hand in hers . CUT to : ext . freeway / int . ronnie &amp ; rae' new car - day ronnie be at the wheel of the chevy caprice . rae sit silently next to he . rae look out the window as a huge 18 wheeler roll up on she side . she try to ignore it and the tension it bring . she turn to see that ronnie be sweat . another truck be on he side sandwich they in . a attack be come over ronnie . his breath be short . his chest tighten . rae reach over and gently stroke the back of he neck . ronnie I gotta pull over . he break . the two truck zoom ahead as ronnie break to the side . Dust fly as the chevy skid to a stop on the side of the road . truck zip by shaking the car , as ronnie try to get control of he breathe . rae try to stay calm , stroking the back of he neck as he struggle for breath . he put he forehead against the wheel to stave off the building nausea . ronnie ( through clench tooth ) fuck ! fear come to rae 's face as she notice she middle finger scratch at the back of ronnie 's neck . she pull it away and shove she hand between she thigh . her eye close as the burn build . she grip the gold chain around she waist . flash to quick cut the chain , tight around rae as she struggle . rae panting and sweat on laz 's floor . she reach out . her hand land on the string of he guitar . a single string be pluck . flash back to : ext . freeway / int . ronnie &amp ; rae' new car - day rae open she eye -- the low note still sounding in she head . she place she hand back on he neck . and then , soft as a prayer : rae ( sing ) you be my sunshine . my only sunshine . you make I happy , when time be gray . ronnie slowly turn and look at rae , he head still rest on the steering wheel . the panting have slowed . Color start return to he cheek . rae ( sing ) you will never know dear , how much I love you . please do not take , my sunshine away . the anxiety be go . ronnie take a breath and look at rae , humble and thankful of she power to soothe he . rae see . we be okay . rae be smile . CUT to black : the end